Lieutenant Commander Sh’lok had seen a fair number of dreadful things in his time in Starfleet—intergalactic pestilence and interstellar war, whole cultures destroyed by cataclysm or slow subversion away from the shining traits that had made them most worthy of survival: torture and rapine, brutal conquest, and every conceivable kind of violence, most particularly murder. Yet until this otherwise undistinguished moment when he stood behind a Transporter console and watched a landing party beam up, it seemed to him that he had never really understood what horror was. Because now he watched the party materialise on the pads, initially relieved to see his Captain there safe and well—
Lestrade looked at him like a man caught in some nightmare of walking across a high bridge who finds it disintegrating beneath his feet. “I’m trying to thread a needle with a sledgehammer,” Lestrade said, his voice taut with fear. “What am I supposed to do? I can't remember!”
“Indeed, Captain,” Sh’lok said. “That is unquestionably part of what I am doing.” And his voice went a bit aloof. “I must say that while technically interesting, this is… rather a disappointment. My mother did not raise me for a career in physical-plant management.”
“Readings indicate a maze of tunnels of this general category in that direction,” Sh’lok said, waving at the wall through which the tunnel had been driven.
John thought.
“Evening, Captain,” the answer came back. He caught Sh’lok’s eye as he headed into the turbolift: raised an eyebrow. Sh’lok nodded to him and turned back to his hooded reader.
Vulcan Science Academy and a recipient
Sh’lok rolled his eyes. “One must assume that Deity when invoked in this modality is unusually patient with its most consistent devotees.”
John NODS. A beat—
(in wonder)
John was horrified. “Sh’lok,
there is to know, about the Polish Sicilian Level-2 Countergambit,” John said, “…Collapsed.”
he said, glancing at T’Kait. “Consider the alternatives.” He jerked his head in the general direction of the male Vulcans present.
John walked over to the new tunnel’s entrance again, crouched down by it again and gazed down it. “Commander, pass this on to your men. We knew it was a killer. Now it's wounded, probably in pain somewhere back there.” John drew an uneasy breath, wondering how much worse he and Sh’lok might just have made things. “And there's nothing more dangerous than a wounded animal…”
“Captain!” Mrs. Hudson said softly. “There’s someone, or something, out there in the rocks. Five of them. Humanoid. Large.”
She leaned back, smiling into his face, as he reached up lazily to cup her breast—
One thing John saw instantly: Sh’lok’s uncontrollable twitching had stopped. He took a breath as the Vulcan opened his eyes and stood up, stepping closer to the door and pausing between John and Lestrade. Sh’lok exhaled and his shoulders drooped a little for a moment: the relieved gesture of someone who no longer had to resist the onslaught of a pain that had been tormenting him every second. But his face was strangely still, and he wasn’t looking at either of them.
me. It was the fear itself getting in the way.
John thought. Not that Sh’lok couldn’t play perfectly brilliantly while distracted. But John put this together with that odd hesitancy in the doorway and knew something was going on.
“Chess?” John said.
“Did he really say that? Thought it was just one of those unproven attributions.”
John thought.
When the word came through from Farrell, the chief of Watson’s personal guard, that the Captain was alive and well and Bradstreet was on the way to the Booth, Sh’lok had been massively relieved—not that any of the crew around him would have been able to perceive any such thing. He called for one of his own security people and went to talk a little more privately to Captain Watson, at least partly because it was, logically, what he would normally have done in such an (admittedly, peculiar) situation.
“Anyway, you have things to do now,” John said. “Vital things that don’t leave you the leisure to be dead. The most immediate of them, at the moment, being working out how to deal with another John Watson and another Starfleet… because both will be on your case within minutes. You’ve got things to do once you deal with them, so in the short term you’ve got a duty to keep yourself safe.”
“Or a single phaser,” Sh’lok said, “with much longer contact.”
“The miners must have broken into the hatchery.” John said. “Their operations destroyed thousands of them.” He looked over toward the Horta. “No wonder…”
John nodded. Bradstreet looked over at him from his seat at the helm console. “Range forty three thousand and closing…”
“Specify,” she said, appearing as cool and unperturbed as if it was the weather they were discussing and not the reason she had just used him as a weapon to murder the one man he cared about most in all the worlds.
He met and held her gaze, intent on having Donovan understand that her Captain had complete confidence in her. It took a second or two, but John saw her eyes harden down a bit as the realisation settled in.
“Sh'lok, I—”
John thought. Nonetheless there was something about it that made his skin crawl—the suggestion that two people were about to fight over her, and that she found that arousing.
John sighed and nodded as he looked over the board, which once again was not improving with extended inspection. “Yes, I’ve got a preliminary action plan from Lestrade in my inbox.”
“Captain,” said Sh’lok’s voice from the communicator, alarmed. “Are you all right?” And then, much more urgently: “John?
“No, nothing in particular. Why?” Though John wasn’t sure that he was the right person to be asking about that right now. Sh’lok seemed to have gone on a slightly different shift rotation over the last couple of weeks, and he hadn’t been on the Bridge all that often when John was, as well as doing a lot of meditation in the evenings.
“Could be a warning device to keep those lads away from the food…”
this ship. He had felt it when he’d first come up in the shuttle, after being recalled to Earth, and on approach to the orbital shipbuilding facility had seen the Sun rise over
That low soft rumble in the ship’s bones began as
Sh’lok nodded. “Once in Fleet, when not on Vulcan-majority ships, the reputation of Vulcans for remoteness and reserve protected me from casual touch. As did Fleet norms and habits of conduct among humans and similar species for whom touch is also an issue. But then, at last, came
The events of the minutes that followed removed that John Watson temporarily from further observation. The man instantly seized on Sh’lok’s question as to whether he had felt any abnormal effects on beaming up, and used it to take himself and the rest of the landing party off to Sickbay, safely sequestered from public observation. This turn of events added data that Sh’lok very much wanted. The new John Watson showed no slightest alarm-response on being addressed as “Captain”, such as would suggest he found it strange or was concealing some other, lesser (or for that matter, greater) rank. The quick decisiveness and flexibility he exhibited were also reliable indicators. Therefore the man who left the Transporter room in company with the landing party was unquestionably a starship commander, a close parallel to his own Captain John Watson…
John managed to break out of his shocked immobility and move slowly forward to stand by the bed. Sh’lok was there, still as a corpse, the top of his head covered by one of the kind of smart bandage that Lestrade used for uncontrolled new wounds pre-surgery.
It was just as well that the landing party were not armed, because plainly they expected to be. Sh’lok saw hands go to hips, clutching for—what? Not phasers. Some manner of ceremonial sidearm? Knives? And after a moment or so when the man who looked like John Watson rushed him, screaming, actually screaming in rage “God damn it to hell, what’s the matter with you, do you think I won’t have you in the booth in a second for disobeying me, you disloyal fucking green-blooded animal!”… Sh’lok found no problem at all with reaching out and taking this man by the shoulder and gripping the suprascapular nerve in the way his people knew, and watching the spittle-flecked, rage-twisted face shoved practically into his own go slack and empty as its owner slumped to the floor.
“Love,” John said, hearing an echo of one of Sh’lok’s more cynical opinions and editing it a bit, “can be a powerful motivator…”
John chuckled… then went quiet for a moment.
“What kind of things?”
For a moment John was so astounded he couldn’t do a thing but gaze at Sh’lok in disbelief. And when no answer was forthcoming, Sh’lok backed into his quarters and the door shut right in John’s face…leaving him standing there and thinking in complete consternation:
Part of him—the tactician, the situational strategist—wanted to say
obedience right this moment were Duty and its inevitable companion Pragmatism. “Mr. Sh’lok,” John said after a moment. “Our mission is to protect this colony.” Purposely he let his tone go harsh. “And get the pergium moving again. This is not a zoological expedition.”
There was a little sloped-down patch of cavern wall behind it, and the creature slid itself up on this and clung there a moment, throbbing. The sharp smell of its corrosive acid fumed up into the air. After a few seconds it shook itself and moved back down onto the cavern floor, leaving behind it, to John’s astonishment, seven gently-smoking letters etched shallowly into the stone.
“Scanning, Captain,” Donovan said.
“Who?”
Sh’lok blinked. Then his gaze narrowed again. “You said that there was something I must do that would leave me ‘no leisure for being dead.’”
There was no getting away from the conclusion. “Somebody down there,” John said slowly, “put it together, didn’t they. They realized that where ‘silicon nodules’ got broken, very shortly after that, men died.”
The image summoned the sensation, and John could feel it already. Parts of him immediately went even stiffer than they already were at the very thought. In haste he added,
What he was examining was less the remains of a man than a place where a man had fallen while still apparently in the act of dissolving. Wisps of acrid smoke were rising still from the human-shaped stain on the hard smooth rock of the cavern floor. Nearby, the power plant door that the man had been guarding had had a neat circular hole eaten straight through it.
“One,” Sh’lok said, peering down his viewer. “Humanoid or similar. Low level of activity. Life-support systems functioning. Interior atmosphere—” He straightened. “Conventional nitrogen-oxygen.”
“Bones, what is it?”
Not for the first time, Sally Donovan contemplates killing Anderson. Dr. Lestrade bitches about his Sickbay being all messed up. Mrs. Hudson gets cranky about weapons detail. Captain John Watson discovers that he's been ordered to commit genocide. And the man who (in another universe) is his best friend and lover, in
But this was something else. Even before the materialisation completed Sh’lok could see that there was something wrong with the posture of the man in the Captain’s uniform. And then the Transporter lock completed and the materialisation was done, and the man standing on the pad turned his face partially toward Sh’lok.
“That’s right,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Eventually they decided to forget the expansion plans for the time being and leave Deneva just with the ship capacity it needed to run a standalone intrasystem operation. They’ve a good big asteroid belt, and impulse-powered ships used to do regular runs from here carrying supplies out to the belt for the miners, and bringing cargo back. The usual basic produce for a frontier system—gas and water ices, industrial diamond, nickel-iron amalgams and so forth. I did the run a few times myself a good while back as an engineering advisor.”
It had to be John’s imagination that the air around them was getting hotter, stuffier.
looking at the computer half the time. If I didn’t know you better, I’d think you were showing off.”
John started running his paired index and middle fingers gently up and down the edge of the pinna of Sh’lok’s right ear. “Sh’lok,” he said. “Relativity as it applies to
John swallowed again, his mouth dry. In the meantime he was leaning there staring at a shut door in a way not at all suggestive of a starship captain operating in the usual manner.
John did. Tunnel after tunnel after tunnel, Horta-hollowed cavern after cavern… all gleaming smooth, many of the tunnels ridiculously long, intersecting and branching and interweaving in three dimensions. He shook his head, stymied.
Silent, Sh’lok lifted his eyes to John’s for a moment. There was a bleak, resigned desperation in them that John found amazingly hard to look at, but he wasn’t allowed more than a second or so to do so before Sh’lok dropped his gaze to his hands again.
He started to let go, opening his mouth to apologize.
She didn’t turn; but he heard just a slight smile come into her voice. “I’d be very glad to do that, Mr. Sh’lok.” And she straightened then, still not turning. “And if there’s anything else I can do, anything you need, anything at all; you have me.”
Sh’lok said, simultaneously, reaching out for John as John reached for him. They drew each other close, sliding arms around one another, and their mouths met again.
John relaxed into the massage for a few seconds, but just a few. “Point three five eight one eight three nine,” Shlok said, as if in afterthought.
them?”
“Guess I should be grateful, actually. Haven’t really felt the need to have a nap, for one thing. Which is kind of amazing.”
John reached up to him with both hands, stroked his sides, gripped his arms.
“This is Ed Appel, our chief processing engineer,” Vanderberg said.
“Of course,” Sh’lok said. “The light of the sun at the proximity where the Denevan declared himself free was one million candlepower per square inch. If this works, the satellites we orbit will produce light of such intensity that even someone in a closed, darkened area will be affected by it.”
“Programme is classified under voice index lock.”
is the knowledge you have brought me.”
She nodded. “Yes, sir,” she said, and turned and headed straight out the door.
Sh’lok moved over toward the desk again to gaze down at the silicon nodule. “It may be, Doctor, that the creature can exist for brief periods in such an atmosphere before returning to its own environment…”
and fell away aft in a leisurely glide. Away in the endless distance, in what appeared right now as a broad diagonal, upper left to lower right, the sideways-seen disc of the Galaxy glowed in a faint firefly shimmer against the unending dark.
“There’s one possibility,” Lestrade said. “The ‘mass insanity’ may have reached this planet, too.”
“I don’t have to, Bones,” John said, walking off toward the nearest turbolift so he could get back to the Bridge. “We both know he is.”
for—! But the fever drowned that out. Only once he paused when some other voice he felt bizarrely obliged to obey pulled him for a second out from under the drumbeat pounding of his pulse. He drove his
look. “Two tunnels,” he said, “two of us…” He shrugged. “We separate.”
“John,” Lestrade said, “when I suggested to Sh’lok that it was time for his routine check-up, your ‘logical, unemotional’ First Officer turned to me and said, ‘You will cease to pry into my personal matters, Doctor, or I shall certainly
“Yes indeed,” Mrs. Hudson said.
John thought.
John thought. Just because he was the Captain of
Immediately Sh’lok stepped down from the dais, the bronze mallet still in his hand, and went to S’kroft, lifting his own hand parted in salute as he came. He paused just for a moment at the foot of the dais, and then dropped to one knee before S’kroft and bowed his head to him.
“Mr. Sh'lok, Captain.”
At the thought of the way things had been in his-version-of-there just that morning, John took a long breath and had to hold still for a moment and concentrate on steadying himself. With all the rushing about from one place to another, the constant assault of dangerous events that had kept commanding his whole attention, this was the first moment in which John had had enough leisure to really take stock of himself…and he found himself, in one particular aspect, very much wanting.
Many thanks to the patient and gracious readers who have been putting up with the writer's catastrophic loss of broadband, now in its second day. Uploading these sections using the phone has been ...
Suddenly the light changed, dimming again in many places, but not in one. Off to one side, sprawled across the face of one long dune of gold, his hands clutching at it as if trying to keep from sliding any further, was Sh’lok.
Sh’lok availed himself of the flannel. “The active shift,” Sh’lok said, “probably began sharing their suspicions about the time you headed for Engineering. Those suspicions will most likely have solidified to near-certainty when you were seen making for the shuttle bay. Only your desire to be circumspect about locating me would have prevented this cascade of events from beginning during the shift previous… though I suspect we may begin to hear anecdotal evidence of credits changing hands around the time you spoke to the Bridge crew on my departure for Sickbay—”
In response, all around him the landscape shivered harder and the wind started to rise. John shifted his balance and braced himself against the wind, and
“Get to your post. Run today's communications from Starfleet Command. I want to know my exact orders. And options, if any.”
For he was staring down at something he did not believe.
It wasn’t often that the Captain of the
“Not much use for shore leave, then,” John said with a resigned look. And no question, that was a joke there, but he was starting to feel bad now about not allowing his people to exercise their usual levity. And for them to do that—  because that was part of their best functioning mode—he needed to let his out as well.
“And you’ve killed thousands of her children!” John shot back.
With a slight smile Sh’lok leaned back again, watching his Captain. “Over millennia,” he said, “those settlements steadily decreased in number as their various Controllers ran up against that patient enemy of all species that outlive their active periods: ennui and loss of purpose. One by one they elected to allow their charges to die out, normally by chemically suppressing their reproductive urges or rendering them sterile, and—by way of making the gradual extinction as merciful as possible—inhibiting their cognitive functions as well. When the last of their humanoid populations died out, their Controllers followed them. All but the last one.”
John felt a flash of pain at the memory but (mercifully) no more as the two of them strove for purchase, each trying to push the other off balance. Quickly enough John lost himself in the physicality of the moment, the way the sand was giving under his feet, his assessment of the dependability of the surface, the twist and strain of the two weapon-shafts against each other. It was something he’d learned to depend on over time, that sudden strange concentration that settled over you in mid-struggle, along with the accompanying heightened perception of everything: the way the sand glittered, the way the wind smelled.
it with you and edged stuff, anyway? Always damaging something. I bet you used to run with scissors.”
“Who are the others?” he said.
One way or another they never really stopped touching each other. Sometimes it was simply for the pleasure of being able to do it without the proprieties and strictures of the Service in the way. Sometimes the attraction between them simmered up into arousal again, but with the edge of urgency relieved for the moment, they could simply relax into the gentle heat of it, with or without the mindmeld. And while the meld admittedly had its attractions—the incredibly swift interlace of thought with thought, of shared imagery and sensation—there was also a pleasure in the pace and sound of the spoken word that both of them enjoyed, in having to take one’s time to guess or understand the other’s thought and motive. After all, they had been functioning that way quite effectively for a long time now. And even the mere spoken word gained all kinds of nuance when whispered or breathed softly right into another’s ear, while elsewhere hands touched or stroked and spoke their own language.
Sh’lok gazed around him with a shuttered expression, gathered up John and Lestrade with a glance, and led them toward a narrow bridge-like structure that reached away across the barren valley beneath them toward a great truncated redstone peak a few hundred meters away. The peak was topped with a thick ring of stone left over from its truncation. The part facing toward them and another bridge on its far side of it was still a solid wall several meters thick, as if someone when this place was built had been concerned about attack from this side and intended to limit access to what lay within.
Sh’lok! The man risks his own chances of getting home to save your life and you pull something like
Watson stares at the communicator, incredulous.
“Where else would I be?” Lestrade said, with just a touch of acerbity: but the edge in his voice had a smile to it.
“No use to ask him, John,” Lestrade said as it hissed aside for him. “He won't talk.”
He turned and headed for the door. “Then since we're headed for Altair Six, and since the shore facilities there are excellent—”
SH’LOK
He stepped back and went to the control console for the cubicle. Lestrade secured the cubicle’s door behind him, then paused beside John for a moment, looking moment by moment more nervous. He handed John his goggles again… then paused, as if waiting for a change of mind, or heart.
“Fun?” Sh’lok murmured.
She was shaking her head against the pillow. “Not the ship's crew's fault,” Clara gasped. “The things made them bring their ship here.”
starships. Very impressive, very diplomatic… but it's simply not that vital.”
So they searched. And searched, and searched.
The corridor just reinforced the sense of being trapped in a very bad dream. As they came out the door and it closed behind them, a crewman in Security red paused and threw that same salute at John and the rest of them. John stopped still, once more in shock at it, the thoughts of imperial Rome and would-be-again-imperial-Germany jostling painfully together in his head. By the time he thought I should really return that salute now—regardless of how distasteful he thought it—the Security man had already dropped it and moved on down the corridor.
Sh’lok made a small resigned grimace. “It is proving to be an inconvenience…” he said, as dry as if he was discussing finding a pebble in his boot, “but it is manageable.” He twitched, swallowed. “And the creature, with all of its hundreds of thousands of parts, even now is pressuring me—”
the memory cried out in Sh’lok’s voice, anguished.
Because Bones would see straight through it, and it would look completely pitiful.
is threatened with destruction and Captain Watson is rocked by personal tragedy when the ship’s mission to investigate a creeping wave of interstellar insanity reveals an insidious and deadly alien menace infesting the outpost world of Deneva. Watson must find a way to stop the spread of the invaders without also wiping out millions of innocent Denevans. But testing the only weapon capable of saving the planet may require a sacrifice John dreads and must still find the strength to make: his First Officer…
Well, I guess it's over,” she said. “Commander Kenno will take me temporarily. He's made that quite clear.” Mary got up gracefully from the divan and strode past him toward the comms screen on the nearby desk. “I'll call a yeoman to help me with my things.”
The fury that flared up as his fingers tightened on her chin surprised her. Immediately Donovan slapped Anderson’s gripping hand off her face. And when Anderson staggered back, his shock and anger showing, and then leaned in again to reassert himself, she was just about to backhand him across the face when she heard the hiss of the turbolift doors.
John nodded. “That would answer a lot of questions…”
“This extremely frequent invocation of Deity. Not so much in moments of emotional stress, admittedly I’ve seen that from you often enough before, but while in pursuit of, ah, sexual objectives—”
Hudson and the others split into two small groups and moved off to John’s left and right. That was when John saw the first of the shaggy, weatherworn heads peer over a rock at him. Dark blue eyes caught brown ones, and there it was in the other’s eyes: the shock of the new, the sudden realization of the presence of the alien. A sympathetic adrenaline-shiver went down John’s back, for even in a terrible situation like this, that moment of strangeness, of meeting the
“But you are small, like the others,” the humanoid said
“Indubitably, Captain.”
“Oh, I think not.”
John gave her what was meant to be a friendly version of an expression suggesting she shouldn’t inquire too much more closely. “I'll get out of
“Put it on audio over here, Lieutenant.” He stepped down to the center seat.
“Right,” John said when he was clear that everyone they’d been waiting for was here. “Team up with the
be sorted out. Anyway, Fleet’ll just send another starship. Last I heard, both
John thought with slightly wicked satisfaction as he pressed inward through the suddenly panicky darkness of the vestibule space that had sprung up between their minds.
“Their attitude was inconsistent with their actions,” Sh’lok said, not so much as a statement of the obvious—which he would naturally have shunned—but as if he was attempting to parse the event, and having some difficulty.
Another gasp. “Strike back!” And a howl of rejection and horror:
There they did their almighty best to just hold him in one place. Even with four of them it was hard work. John could barely spare the attention to register the sound of the turbolift doors opening again as Sh’lok writhed and struggled in their grasp, once again yelling, finally almost
Taking the upper lip between his, now. Ever so gently sucking at it. Letting it go and then finally, finally coming to grips with that luscious-looking lower lip. Stroking it in turn… then just the briefest nip. Not enough ever to hurt, just enough to get the tissue’s attention, bring the blood in a bit, heighten the sensitivity.
off on the spaceworthiness certificate
The Controller is young and powerful—
But Lestrade was standing there with a thoughtful look on his face. “John,” he said, “it certainly worked for her. It might work for me too.”
“If we stay.”
“Yes,” John said, glancing at something on the floor that he and Sh’lok had passed while chasing the creature it had fallen off of. “We took a bite out of it.”
to. “Well?” he said.
double entendre
Only by command of the Ancients may I understand!”
why. But John had been learning that this was one of Sh’lok’s quirks. Sometimes from uncertainty, sometimes from what looked like a secret pleasure in others’ reactions, he would do everything he could to present a theory in its entirety rather than in half-assembled scraps.
“And for that sin, in your mind, they all deserved to die horrible deaths,” Sh’lok said in his coolest and most unmoved voice, one calculated to infuriate.
Your hair!
he thought as he sat there toying with a third coffee. Yet he was also twitching a little, and not from the coffee, thinking of that last private moment in the turbolift.
Looking stricken and terrified, Dimmock started backing away from behind the console. “But Mr. Sh'lok, I—”
. There was a hall-of-mirrors quality to it that initially was easy to get lost in, John was finding… until one party or the other did something new or intense that shocked the other back into the immediacy of the foreground of feeling.
She looked at him with some surprise. John reached past her and clicked off the control she’d initially clicked on.
situation-neutral results. I must
“No!”
After ingesting a solid and unexciting korma curry based on some synthesized protein John found himself weary enough not even to care about trying to identify, he wound up nursing an anodyne glass of a Mars-colony-inspired craft beer (Mrs. Hudson had quite a reputation as a brewer left over from her reportedly crazy engineering-school days, whenever those might have been, and the ship’s commissary used several of her recipes). John sat there a while alternately reading on his padd and listening idly to the conversation of other officers who came and went, greeting their Captain casually but otherwise (as was the accepted protocol) going about their own business and leaving him to his.
He dropped his hands.
“That's not good enough, Doctor!”
with Mr. Sh’lok’s brain, anyway?” she said under her breath. “What
“Of course you may,” he said, leaning a little further down. That long graceful hand reached up to his face, the fingers settling into the contact points corresponding to the cranial nerves.
Now he could understand Lestrade’s unwillingness to say the words. “I don't know why, or where, but she must have taken it.” John’s shock was beginning to wear off now, and heating up into anger.
But John didn’t get a chance to say anything further, because that was when the Security team ran in. At the sight of them the woman in the purple lamé touched a button on an armlet she was wearing…
John swore under his breath, leapt to his feet, tucked his communicator away and found his phaser, which he’d left with such relief on his desk on returning to the ship in what now seemed a previous geological age. Then he forced himself to walk, not run, to the Transporter room. Outside it, he took several long calming breaths that he did not particularly want, and stepped in.
She didn’t say
Stamford leads Watson down a corridor.
Out John went, then, heading for the Transporter room. And as he went down the corridor, if he felt an itching between his shoulderblades as if he was still somehow being watched, he dismissed it. He had much more important things to be thinking about.
knew lived for being and acting in the world, no matter how often he privately (or indeed publicly) declared it to be full of idiots. How would he cope with ten thousand years stuck in the guts of the machinery of a backwater world, running its heating and air conditioning, with nothing to do for entertainment but sift through an alien database?
John couldn’t quite get rid of the impression that the tendrils weren’t moving just because of Bones moving the jar. “What about Rosie?”
John found he was having to command himself not to shout at his CMO as if he was some erring ensign. “You keep saying that! Are you a doctor, or aren't you?”
Sh’lok regarded John with utter astonishment.
that was something else. But
Enterprise
John let him wait.
An hour later the reports that John had ordered were in, and they were useless.
Accuracy to only
This forthrightness nudged at something in John’s mind, something he desperately wanted a taste of in this awful place: the words of someone who actually meant what he said. Yet there was still something John needed to get a grip on. “Why?” he said, starting to stroll down the corridor.
“And Bradstreet,” John said, “ask Mrs. Hudson to pull as many female Engineering staff as she can spare and get them down here to sort out these people’s life support and so forth until we can get something more permanent installed.”
Instantly John had hold of Lestrade as he went down, bracing him. John was terrified that he wouldn’t feel a pulse, feel breathing. But then Lestrade breathed, and straightened a little—and the open eyes had him behind them, even though he wasn’t looking at John. He was looking straight ahead of him at something no one else in the room could see. For a moment more he knelt there, his muscles a bit slack, until his hands came together in what for John was a familiar gesture:  the rubbing-them-together thing that Lestrade did to limber those skilled hands up a bit when he was about to start a discourse, or a surgery.
or paramilitary operations involving
with relief, when they saw who was behind him.
The realisation taught her immediately what she needed to do. She let her eyes rest on Anderson for just the half-second necessary to let him know that he had
“Has yet to be located by even the most cutting-edge instrumentation, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. “I’d have to say that, going by that metric, you’re becoming more and more human all the time.”
John took a step forward.
he thought. John stroked
“All scanners extreme sweep,” John said.
He looked at Sh’lok to see if the Vulcan showed any sign of having followed the data through to
Shortly thereafter his position in what passes on Vulcan as the world government would have been at risk… if not at an end. So Dr. Lestrade should be told that by his underhanded and ethically suspect stratagem, he singlehandedly prevented a major interstellar crisis that eventually could have cost millions, if not billions, of lives.”
The reactor room was full of antiquated-looking control consoles and a central column that had had another of those large holes melted into it, this one far less regular than all the others—but straight through three layers of armor plate. Vanderberg was peering into the hole and swearing: he stood up as John and Sh’lok joined him.
“That’ll hold him for about six hours,” Lestrade said softly as they deposited him inside the door, off to one side and out of sight.
S’kroft’s gaze went back to Sh’lok. “Thou nam’st these outworlders ‘friends’. How dost thou pledge their behaviour?”
“The thief who took it has the knowledge,” John said. “One way or another, we’ll get it out of her when we find her. And whatever instruments or equipment she used to take his brain out, likely enough when we find her, those instruments or their equivalents will be there too. The odds of us having time or leisure to bring them back up here and get them working look pretty poor to me. Therefore we bring Sh'lok with us—bring him to
Sh’lok nodded and got off the diagnostic bed.
John pushed himself up enough so that Sh’lok had room to work in front, while nipping in a teasing way at a handy collarbone. He breathed out in relief when his cock was finally free and Sh’lok was pushing his pants down his thighs.
“Help it? I cured it!”
his eyes said. “Thorough.”
The thought flashed across John’s mind of all the sessions he’d spent sparring with Sh’lok, who seemingly as a hobby picked up strange forgotten combat styles with peculiar names—singlestick and bartitsu and God knew what else. He thought of the one afternoon he’d wandered into the gym a little early and found Sh’lok
“Course already plotted,” Bradstreet said. “Laying it in, sir.”
“Somewhere down there is where the Others live.” He turned back to Bradstreet. “Go see if you can find a way down.”
Visit the writer's blog at
The hair was going up on the back of John’s neck again as an awful possibility began to suggest itself to him.
Then John laughed. “You know, you’re right. I
that was happening. But it was the only thing he could think of to do.
The Transporter Room door whooshed open. “Ah, Doctor,” Sh’lok said, “a pleasure to see that once more you’ve managed to overcome your irrational dislike of the Transporter enough to join us. In the long term there may be hope for you yet.”
John grimaced, as he knew where this was going. “You’d have noticed the delightful aspects, I’m sure,” Lestrade said, looking sidelong at John.
Sh’lok spared this proposition no more than a second’s thought. “No,” he said. “The three most vital parts of the Directive were either inapplicable to this situation or not germane to it. First, the species inhabiting sigma Draconis VI was already spacefaring—though using vessels they had not themselves devised—and knew perfectly well that other species and civilizations existed, since they’d been preying on them by proxy for many millennia. So, no violation of the ‘no information about spaceflight or other worlds’ injunction. Second, the Morgs and Eymorgs themselves, as it turns out, are not native to the sixth planet at all. They were brought here to be dependents of the beings who were the original Controllers. So the sections of the Directive having to do with cultural contamination of an indigenous species do not apply. And third, the culture itself can itself be considered stagnant via precontamination due to the last Controller’s interference, which forcibly prevented them from evolving either culturally or behaviourally.”
John cleared his throat. “Well,” John said. “It’s a little late for the officers’ mess, I’d say.”
John left Kara to her own devices and moved over to the screen. Lestrade was standing there with an instrument in his hand, looking out into the air in front of him, unfocused. “I can’t,” he was murmuring, “I, I—”
Sh’lok had absolutely no need to hear the man’s next words as he came storming down off the pad, which were: “I want you to blast that whole fucking place to ashes.”
life functions?”
Which made absolutely
Lestrade’s alarm grew. “Do you have any idea of the risk?”
act of tugging a Command-gold Starfleet uniform tunic down into place. He glances at
Sh’lok put up an eyebrow in agreement. “I judge that theory to have considerable likelihood of being accurate.”
“No,” Lestrade said, his voice as weighed down with horror as hers. “
Sh’lok glanced at it thoughtfully as they came up next to it together. “The bed…”
You sure we've got time for this?
“—hereby approved. Any reasonable delay granted. Komack, Admiral, Starfleet Command.”
John just started laughing weakly at the very thought, then coughed; God, was he dry.
John took a breath. That kind of thinking was going to get him nowhere. “Life form readings, Mr. Sh’lok,” he said to the officer just behind him—
He got back to his feet and went over to John. “You can't be serious,” Lestrade said, indignant. “That thing is virtually made out of
specimen. The hand plant first flailed its bright furry pink self frantically at John on his approach, hissing at him, and then retreated into its pot… most likely having picked up on John’s mood.
John thought. And he could see where the dial at the butt end was set.
He was busily making notes on a padd, and for some seconds when Lestrade started using a hand scanner on him, Sh’lok ignored him. At last, though, he looked up. “Doctor, your medical skill and curiosity are quite admirable, but I assure you I'm all right.”
The doctor couldn’t even bring himself to look at Sh’lok at the moment, it seemed. “It's been removed surgically.”
“Yes sir.” Donovan shook her head. “Could be natural. Volcanism would be a possible cause, except that this is far too regular. Getting it in pulses—clean tall sines with very little variation in the cycles.”
“Mmm?”
He didn’t hurry himself, knowing he needed at least a few minutes to pull himself together. But doing so proved hard, as a whole raft of concerns began one after one to assail him. For fifteen or twenty minutes John walked the corridors of
John thought, as lips parted and tongues touched and tasted one another, asserting, inviting, teasing, while hands stroked faces and necks and shoulders and chests and held one another close.
He stopped himself.
“A lot of old style reactors depend on the stuff as a primer dose for the initial fusion reaction,” John said. “And Janus VI is one of the very few sources on this side of the galaxy. A whole sector’s economy depends on the mining facility’s pergium production – so the planet has strategic importance to the Federation as well.” He glanced at Donovan. “What’s their problem?”
“En route to Altair Six now, Captain,” said Mr. Bradstreet, “warp factor five.”
“Hudders,” John murmured, “take Gregson with you. Don’t be seen. Circle around, see where they go.”
But never mind the strategic considerations, because here came Anderson at him with that knife—
An idea came suddenly to John that he seriously disliked. “Sh’lok?” he said.
Sh’lok shook his head, resting his cheek against John’s shoulder in such a way that he could practically feel his Vulcan’s interior resignation merely through the slight release of tension in his musculature. “This part of space has become much more attractive to the more expansionist species on this side of the Galaxy in recent years, since its stellar weather began to change. While the radiation levels here were severe enough to prevent even accurate long-range scanning and survey, let alone the maintenance of a frequent enough presence to secure even casual trading relationships, no one took any real interest. But now, since the remnant of the old Van Buren supernova’s pressure shell has finally begun to blow through this region and started taking the local emissive nebulae with it…”
But John knew, and couldn’t stop himself from shaking his head slightly in amazement. “Bones,” he said softly. “You know who that is?”
we’re going to wind up with an influx of ground-grubbers traipsing through here…”
Yet even through his eagerness John caught that continuing slight sense of uncertainty, as if Sh’lok wasn’t entirely sure how to proceed.
And that of course instantly made it worse. The thought of Harry and Clara living under siege with Rosie, possibly for months, fugitives in their own world, hiding and trying desperately to protect themselves and each other… And then to have been attacked and their lives destroyed when they were just hours away from possible safety.
Sh’lok took a breath but didn’t move away, not so much as a millimeter. When he managed to speak, his voice was husky with longing too, yet also abashed. “I am afraid I may have…” He paused, as if for the most embarrassing admission he could possibly make. “…Insufficient expertise for this.”
into the sun,” he murmured.
And the lift doors closed and shut them away from the viewscreen full of everlasting starry night, which— for the time being anyway—could be left to take care of itself.
gesture.
Again John had to smile, just a little, remembering other Vulcans’ descriptions of Sh’lok as “regulations-averse”. “Yes, Mr. Sh'lok?” he said.
That chuckle again… deeper, this time. John half-melted at the sound of it. “Bed,” Sh’lok said, “by all means. Lead the way.”
“Really, John. My modesty—”
he thought, straightening a bit and leaning his head back, while idly stroking one hand back and forth against the cool smooth metal.
“Sh’lok,” John said softly.
Sh’lok’s eyes, that flash of unconscious recognition in the other’s.
go up. John got the bizarre feeling that Sh’lok was, for some odd reason of his own, restraining himself from reactions he might more routinely consider normal.
SH’LOK
Lestrade looked devastated. “I threw the total spectrum of light at the creature. It wasn't necessary. I didn't stop to think that only
“The woman from the ship that came out of nowhere and matched our course,” John said. “And then appeared on the Bridge…
betray my people! The Controller will
John thought.
One more John pushed the thought away. “In this way,” Sh’lok said, “our minds were locked together, so that at the proper time, we would both be drawn to
He hoped she was right. “Good luck. Watson out.” And he put the communicator away as the lift doors opened on the Transporter room’s deck, thinking of how Mrs. Hudson and Dr. Lestrade were up a Jeffries tube somewhere half the ship away, finishing their work, sending a signal—
John nodded, turning toward Giotto and his teammate. “It's definitely phaser resistant,” he said. “We had our weapons adjusted for silicon and on full power, yet we only damaged it.” He looked toward that empty tunnel. “It still lives.”
come out, I suppose. And in what condition.”
I want in the center seat. These days it’s nearly as good as having us both on the Bridge.”
Sh’lok mirrored John’s glance at the bed, then looked back at John, and matched his smile… and waited to see what John would do.
“I guarantee it. Now, go on,
“Just wait here, Captain,” Sh’lok said, and vanished inside, leaving John leaning against the corridor wall and trying desperately to look casual, as if this was just a night like any other night.
“An exchange,” Lestrade said. “If
is Sh’lok,” John said, gesturing at the Vulcan’s body. “You saw him on the ship. You have his brain. It must be restored to him
“I’m still trying to work out where Mr. Sh’lok’s brain fits into this,” Bradstreet said.
Lestrade snorted. “If you think my report-handling workload allows me to spend a whole hour indulging your whinging, Mr. Sh’lok, you’ve got another think coming. Now that I’ve got a crisis baseline to compare against, a five minute full-body scan and another five to do your bloods and we’re finished. Get up on the damn bed.”
John took a deep breath, let it out, headed into the Transporter room, greeted Anderson as if everything was, indeed, all fine, and beamed back down to Deneva.
“Mr. Sh’lok,” John said quietly. “Tell it we’re trying to help.”
—the core realities, overlapping. The shared values, interpenetrating. The two universes, becoming—
Bones shook his head. “I’m keeping her sedated. I don’t dare touch her surgically, John; she’s far too weak. And removal of the tissue wouldn't stop the pain anyhow, as far as I can tell.”
most important one. The delight in the different, the excitement of finding it, the pleasure in how the differences combined.
“At norm, Mr. Dimmock,” this Sh’lok was saying. “Controls at neutral.” And there was the worst of it, because the man whom John most desperately wished was here to help him figure all this out was
John was struggling to understand. “What
again.
John thought. For the moment he avoided dealing with it by looking around and giving voice to what the back of his mind had been shouting at him since they entered this too-sheltered nook. “It's too close in here. It may be a trap. Let's move out.”
He glanced toward Sh’lok in surprise. Sh’lok’s eyebrows went up:
“Why thank you, Mr. Sh’lok,” John said. “I’ll clear that idea with Janus VI and log it for implementation. Once that’s done, though, I won’t linger. So signal me when you’re ready.”
who was seen as the controlling partner—possibly a vestigial point of view dating back to times when control of mate-choice vested in a clan matriarch, and the one who controlled fertility was the mother-to-be. The one who entered the childbearer to be contained within them was the supplicant, totally subject to their acceptance and consent. Only the one who chose to be pierced and filled, only the one who accepted the other in, could grant the other a home.
“You did not, sir. I merely thought that if the opportunity arose—”
It was an idea.
He shot a glance at Donovan and Hudders beside him: saw their ever-so-fractional nods. He didn’t have to look back at Lestrade: he knew what the answer would be, when he had a patient on the table.
“I am not certain,” Sh’lok said. “I seem to have a body which stretches into infinity.” There was a bit of a pause after that, followed by the honest-to-God exasperated sigh of a being who was annoyed enough by the demands of his transport to start with, and didn't at
And others had done it before.
a soul,” Sh’lok said, and frowned one of those superior-scientist frowns in which he specialised. “And in this case I must hasten to add that scientific research on this subject has been well contaminated with wishful thinking, subjective or irreproducible results and confirmation error…”
“Closed,” said Lestrade.
“As Vulcans go,” Sh’lok said, with some resignation. “And as Vulcans go, unfortunately even I must admit my Clan-brother to be unusually brilliant… a predictive analyst of surpassing skill. That fact, combined with the significant political power he already wields, means that there in the Place of Marriage and Challenge you met possibly the most dangerous being you’ll ever know. Yet plainly he
Sh’lok,” John said, “’facilities?’ You mean there was more than one place like this on this planet?”
“Very well, Mr. Sh’lok, I'll meet you at the other end—”
“Stand by to fire,” John said.
Four hours and thirty minutes later, John had made his normal start-of-shift rounds, put his head at least briefly into the offices of all his department heads, endured a long and theoretically edifying technical lecture from his Chief Engineer, paused for two chicken sandwiches and that second cuppa, and then a third—during which in a corner of the Officers’ Mess he was soundly beaten over the three-D chessboard by Mr. Sh’lok. The Vulcan described John’s defeat as resulting from “a variant of the Polish Sicilian Level-2 Countergambit Collapsed”.  John was sorely tempted to look this up just to determine whether the thing actually existed or if the grandiose name had been coined by his First Officer in order to prank him (for his own idiosyncratic version of Vulcan pranking).
Another pause. “Then what am l?”
The thudding footsteps from behind brought John around just in time for Sh’lok to throw himself down on John’s chest with the doubled
Bradstreet looked a bit perplexed. “I don't understand, Captain.”
“Oh no you don’t, do
His eyes were getting used to the darkness a lot faster than usual.
John reached for his communicator, flipped it open. “Watson to
John said, and laughed.
Mrs. Hudson had followed John down to Sickbay, and had been standing quietly regarding the situation.
There didn’t seem much point in denying it. John heaved a sigh. “Logic…” he said. “Can’t fight that, I suppose.”
“Sh’lok—”
He found the landing party waiting for him outside of Harry’s lab building. John trotted down the stairs to join them. “Report,” he said.
A memory that was only a few months old, but at the moment seemed to have happened about an age ago, tickled the back of John’s mind. He smiled slightly. “What was the first?”
“Mr. Bradstreet,” John said, turning his attention to him as the man went back up to Sh’lok’s science station, “what do your current surface readings show?”
Whatever answer Lestrade was about to make was lost in the sound of a voice shouting
John got down on his knees and got as comfortable as he could, leaning in a bit so as to brace himself against the table, and looking down to meet Sh’lok’s eyes again.
Watson here.
Sh’lok’s gaze dropped to the floor. Just the slightest nod followed… and he actually
“The main circulating pump for the entire reactor is gone,” Vanderberg said.
“John.”
“John, if you will continue to see but not observe—” Then Sh’lok’s eyes closed and his head tipped back, his mouth dropping open, as John’s left hand settled itself softly right on Sh’lok’s crotch. A small gasp of pleasure escaped Sh’lok as John stroked the good-sized package that was twitching under his hand, growing harder by the moment… indeed, just
A sudden heavy throbbing sound behind them, pulsing like a heartbeat,  knocked that thought right off its rails. This time the adrenaline was no mere shiver but the real thing, a flare of urgent heat that pulsed from the small of John’s back outwards as he turned. Sh’lok was a fraction of a second ahead of him in spinning toward the sound, phaser up—
He had come across endless peculiar objects buried in the hoard… a string tie here, a discarded shortsword there, a jackboot, a stage dagger from a Shakespeare play… Out of context they were funny or even surreal: but merely touch them (if he didn’t already recognise them) and their context would explode across John’s mind, briefly drowning out his local reality. Recovering usually took a while.
want to ask you about is… what happened?
Sh’lok lay still on the bed, on his side, eyes closed, noting this. He had of course no need for the lighting to alert him to that other presence. There were very few crewmen of
John and Lestrade exchanged an astonished glance as the shocked Dr. Hooper pressed herself up against the wall beside Sh’lok’s door, theoretically out of the way of further flying housewares. “Poking and prying!” came another shout. “If I want anything from you,
The Vulcan knelt, reached out to the Horta. Even before he touched it, John could feel that current of tension start shivering in the air again. With great care Sh’lok settled his hands in place on two of the stonier-looking patches, and under his touch they pulsed and the Horta trembled. Sh’lok’s eyes squeezed shut. Slowly he shook his head from side to side as if trying to concentrate on breaking through some kind of intangible barrier.
Gently Sh’lok lowered John to the bed.
“Captain, surely I have enough leave time accumulated—”
But that was then, and this was now… whenever
John nodded at her.
here.
…Yet that call never came. And John’s tension levels started to rise, entirely against his will. Not that there wasn’t reason enough for that already.
he thought, dropping to his knees to scrabble for his own dropped
you’ll have to be Captain of this
Sh’lok nodded, gazing at the board. “With your permission,” he said after a moment, “I think it would be useful if I revisited the Janus VI facility for a time.” He was quiet for a moment, studying the board: or seeming to. “Tomorrow morning planet time, I would say, would be ideal. But no later, I think. Even tomorrow afternoon might be too late.”
Sh’lok said inside him.
John stood silent for a moment. “Yes,” he said. “You were right, a while back. My sister Harry lives on Deneva: she’s a research biologist.” He could see, behind Lestrade’s eyes, the inevitable question forming, and John sighed and forestalled it. “Harry and I don’t get on,” he said. “Never have.” He took a breath. “That woman sounded like her wife, Clara.”
“Now, though? Well, easily put right. Just relax for a few.”
knew how Mrs. Hudson got if her maintenance routine was interfered with… and she’d been getting that way the last couple of days.
The impact of the intelligence in them now, that had been totally missing mere seconds before, was both amazing and unnerving.
“John—”
Mrs. Hudson pieces together a plan to return the landing party to their own universe. Dr. Lestrade complains that he’s a doctor, not an engineer. John has an unsettling chat with the ship’s computer… and a much more unsettling one with Sh’lok.
John thought. And
amateur
So John got on with it. But his mind was elsewhere.
Sh’lok’s voice broke again then. “Cry,” he said, through a throat thick with raw emotion, “for the children.” His head turned slowly against the Horta as he struggled for control. “Walk carefully—in the Vault of Tomorrow.” John saw, and for the sake of his friend’s privacy wished he had not seen, the tears that had begun running down Sh’lok’s face. “Sorrow—for the murdered children.” A sob, unmistakeable, of pure grief. Then control again, but not much. “…The thing you search for is there.”
There was something oddly tentative about the question.
sides of that memory that he had to stop and rub a sleeve across his eyes before he could go on. Not because it was a sad memory. Quite the opposite.
Lestrade looked unhappy. “I don't know.”
“It would seem so.”
(gobsmacked again)
Any hope that John had had that the pain might be easier to handle a second time vanished instantly as the wash of agony hit him and his very skin seemed to catch fire. He collapsed. But as he did, and as ahead and to one side of him John saw Lestrade go down too, the little handheld control fell away in front of John where he could conceivably get at it. “Sh’lok,” Lestrade was gasping, “no—pain—”
And then had come Clara. She’d been as bright and fierce as her name, and for a while John had started to think,
Sh’lok’s eyes widened again, and he took a long gasp of breath. He didn’t let go: but he held still.
recently spent time on a world in a
A thrill of awful regret went through John at the sight of the suddenly and horribly lax face there on the floor. Even in this version of Sh’lok it was always so full of an incisive life.
John thought,
“To every human being, yes,” Sh’lok said. “Ninety-nine percent of the mining here is done by machines, John, especially as regards work with rare earths and radioactives. Miners either work in radiation suits or in coveralls, but the use of hand protection for those using coveralls seems rare, which is logical enough: it would get in the way of operating the machinery. The silicon nodules were brought directly to those sites by the murderer, and the probability is very high that he would have handled at least some of the eggs with his bare hands. If I can find even two matching prints, even
he whispered.
“You have twelve hours to consider your position,” John said, hating this whole situation more intensely by the second.
And that was when things went wrong.
“Well, gentlemen, you have your instructions. Let's get at it.”
The hair stood up on the back of his neck again.
John nodded. “So. We're here, and they're— on our
doctorate,” John said under his breath.
John turned back to S’kroft, who was watching this with an expression too placidly chilly to be classified as grim. His dark level gaze, coming to rest on John, made it plain that in this case ignorance of custom would not be seen as a valid excuse. “Challenge was given and lawfully accepted,” S’kroft said, and turned away with an air of utter finality.
population a veritable festival of
John frowned, as he was not a big fan of people beaming directly onto his Bridge without first having established their
“Not an issue for us, then.”
John thought, his anger flashing out in a different direction now. The Sh’lok
When the shimmering stopped, John found himself standing in bright sunshine, with a slight warm breeze ruffling his hair. He took a deep breath, aware of any number of alien scents borne on that wind, but also of one that reminded him strongly of grass, the plain green grass of Earth.
narcissistic—
Instantly the man was standing there beside him, and all around them a great deal of ready cash sank into new positions, or went rolling or sliding  away. The vast hiss of it was such that any speech that wasn’t shouting wasn’t really possible until it all finished settling.
Mycroft put one arm protectively around the younger brother and with the other one ruffled his curls as he always did when Sherlock was much younger. “I missed you, little one” was all he said.
Sherlock screamed, but not out of pain. The feeling was simply overwhelming. The burn as John pushed his cock slowly in him, the feeling of being so full, and oh fuck this was so good. Sherlock panted and pushed back, urging John to move.
John cradled his cheek in one hand. He could see the emotion flickering over Sherlocks face. The man was clearly not used to human touch. They would change this.
“Sherlock get under your brother and lick at his slit.” Sherlock could see John’s hand rudely wanking his brother’s cock. With every stroke, he could see the red, overstimulated head. It looked delicious. He lapped at the slit. His brother jerked away. John kept the head exposed to Sherlock, who started to suckle at it unapologetically.
“Sherlock, lie down on your back under Mycroft’s chest. Mycroft lower your upper half down enough to allow Sherlock to suckle on your nipples. He seems to be quite fond of them.” John chuckled, and while he got up to get the prostate stimulator, he told Sherlock: “You can also bite them if you like”
Mycroft trembled, but even if it burned like hell he could already feel the pleasure taking over again, and he came a second time within minutes.
Sherlock didn’t really know where to go. He didn’t want to go to his flat, sitting there alone would just increase his need to shoot up. The same applied to his homeless network, it was far too easy to get drugs there. There was no way that Molly was at the morgue at a Sunday, so no reason to go to St. Barts. This just left him with Lestrade. The case had just been a ruse to get out of Johns flat unquestioned, but maybe he could persuade him to give him one of the cold cases.
After 15 minutes, John looks down again. He is as hard as before. Mycroft’s mouth is warm and wet. Spit is running down his face, but he is looking at him patiently. “Ok, slut. Put that mouth of yours into good use. Suck me and make it good” John let out a groan, Mycroft is good at sucking cock. John bucks up in this, glorious mouth. Mycroft’s tight lips straining around his cock.
Sherlock was already bored. Just because he never had been using the services of a dom doesn’t mean he didn’t know how these things worked. He would demand that Sherlock would strip, kneel in front of him to humiliate him, maybe inflict some pain on him and the whole farce would end in him giving John a blowjob. While he didn’t have a problem with that, he certainly had sucked enough cock in exchange for cocaine, he really didn’t understand how this should help him. Fuck his brother for getting him in this situation.
“Yes, I want him here” came the replay.
A small smirk could be seen in his eyes, as he told Sherlock: “Let’s see if we can tackle problem number two. I may know one or two methods to get rid of that constant arousal.”
“Put your head down between your knees, and breathe with me!" John didn’t touch him at all, just sat there on the ground in front of Sherlock and breathed with him in a slow and steady rhythm. After all, he had enough experiences with panic attacks himself. After 10 minutes, of breathing together, Sherlock seemed to calm down.
“Oh, no Mycroft. I will not tell you what he said or what we did, as I won’t tell him specifics about us. But I can assure you that I honestly don’t think he is in immediate danger, just a bit starved for human contact.”
John got up to get a flannel. When he got back, he was met with a sight. Both brothers were sleeping peacefully, in the same positions they were in before. Sherlock was cuddled up to Mycroft’s chest, his fingers resting on a bit of chest hair.
John registered the change in Sherlock immediately. He looked to the door where Mycroft stood. John thinking fast and knowing Mycroft better than anyone else said: “Isn’t your brother beautiful Mycroft?”
Mycroft came closer and put a hand on Sherlock’s face, caressing his cheekbone with his thumb. “Yes, he really is!”
“Turn around. I don’t think laying on your back is a good idea, anytime soon.” John gets on his knees in front of Mycroft and holds the key up for him to see. Mycroft’s eyes are going huge at this.
Sherlock groaned and pressed his face deeper into Mycroft, who lightly caressed his scalp.
The third men positions himself in front of him, the moment the other is gone. But instead of pushing in like Mycroft had him expected to do. He presses his thighs a bit more to his chest and opens him up a bit more. Then he just looks at his quivering hole. Mycroft doesn't want to, but he loves it. When some of his colleagues could see him like that. This thought was interrupted by the man's thumb popping in and out of his hole, teasing the red rim. When the man pushes two of his fingers inside feeling the cum and smearing it at his rim, Mycroft could feel his cock twitch. The man scissors his fingers, then pushes three of his thick fingers inside, stretching him, then pulling out and watching his open hole.  The man plays with his rim, pushing his fingers in repeatedly, never deep, but circling the red rim, caressing it.  Mycroft is ashamed of his neediness but he tries to push down on them, push them deeper. With a growl the third man positions himself and fucks him in his already sloppy hole. A hand grips his dick and pulls him in the same pace the man pounds into him. Mycroft is exhausted but fully hard again as the third men comes with a few grunts deep inside him. That's how they left him.
John looked up as he heard the key in the lock. Mycroft came in wearing a dark grey suit, his umbrella and an expression of great apprehension on his face. He was uncharacteristically fiddling with the handle of his beloved umbrella. Even if Mycroft does not hide his emotions from him anymore, this would be obvious for anyone to see.
stretched out between his hands, ready to press down and choke him.
When Lestrade’s voice spoke out of the air, it sounded at least as shocked as John felt. “John?
John nodded, turning to Vanderberg. “Mr. Vanderberg, how recent are these charts?”
your damn bed morphs out. If it didn’t, I’d be having some words with whoever was responsible.” And John paused. “Wait. Haven’t you ever
“All quiet, Ms. Merivale?”
After perhaps a minute the hum started to die away again, and as the room went quiet once more the helmet lifted away a little from Kara’s head. Her body seemed to relax a bit; her eyes opened.
“Ask me no further questions,” Sh’lok said, and there was a hint of that anger again, but held down for the moment… just barely. “I will not answer!”
“There’s no sun down here,” said Bradstreet, “but there’s light.”
John went slowly to sit down in the chair on the near side of Sh’lok’s desk. On the far side, Sh’lok had laced his fingers together tightly enough so that the knuckles stood out pale. “There are numerous precedents in nature, Captain,” he said. “The giant eel birds of Regulus Five; once each eleven years they must return to the caverns where they hatched. On your Earth, the salmon. They must return to that one stream where they were born, to spawn… or die in trying.”
Kara, for her part, saw nothing positive about the proceedings at all. “You will have him back and we will be destroyed,” she said, wrathful but helpless.
John shook his head. “Bones,” he said, “no. No. There’s far, far more than two lives at stake here.” His stomach had been tying itself in knots for some time now as the enormity of the situation sank in. “I cannot let this infestation spread beyond this colony. If we cannot find a solution… my command responsibilities will require me to
“For which the Interstellar Physics Union’s entire membership daily thank their various deities, I’m sure.“
CONTINUITY (V.O.)
The predictable adrenaline-fueled shiver went down his back, but he had no time for it now. Vanderberg and the half-dozen or so of the mining facility’s people who’d elected to stay behind after the general evacuation were gathering around him in the tunnel now, waiting for orders.
Captain John Watson—Lieutenant
There was a pause. Even half-awake, he knew what would come after it, for it was the only thing that provoked that particular pause.
“Good,” John said with a slow smile. “I look forward to showing you just how much more distracted you can get.”
“Sh’lok,” he breathed.
Bones hadn’t come right out and said John’s niece wouldn’t survive much longer, perhaps intending to spare him that for as long as he could. But it was in the air.
doing down here handling Transporter duty?
It was all suddenly so clear.
died?
“You’re talking about the disintegration of your personality,” John said, low and fierce. “Or something worse.”
“What Chief Vanderberg said about the Horta,” Sh’lok said, “is exactly what the mother Horta said to me when we parted company earlier. She found humanoid appearance revolting, but she thought she could get used to it.”
John cleared his throat. “Sh’lok,” he said, “if you’re amenable, I think this discussion might most profitably be continued elsewhere.” He glanced upwards toward the ceiling, where there were, as they both knew quite well, visual sensors. “So let’s lock up here. And then…”
John snorted. “…Bloody mindmeld,” he muttered. “But he does let his tech folks do all the ‘unimportant’ stuff? Including, particularly,
Thought and intention and action were getting all run together at the moment, much as the shadowy shared mindspace enfolding John and Sh’lok was blending around the edges with the shadows in John’s quarters. But there was no mistaking the soft dark chuckle that followed for anything but actual sound, and warm breath in John’s ear to go with it. Hands were stroking down his back, big warm strong hands, and John gasped softly, his back arching as he leaned back into them, as they slid further down further and found his arse… cupping it from both sides, squeezing it, fingers brushing inwards to stroke against the cleft that led down to another area of interest.
he said silently.
That was when John had started just let the answers to Harry’s messages get further and further apart. Space itself was the excuse. As his career took him further and further out into known space, as John’s advancement through the ranks made him busier every day and loaded more responsibility on his shoulders, it had become so easy for him to promise himself that
“The atmosphere is thinner than Earth’s,” he said, as much to finish the thought as to move himself away from the ridiculous image that, once noticed, just kept presenting itself to him.
and extant nowhere else. You
All the space around him shivered with a peculiar, disbelieving shock.
at least for a while. No matter how much you don’t want it. You’ll need to save the Halkans, too—”
He looked away, unwilling to stare. “You've changed course for Vulcan, Mr. Sh’lok. Why?”
John nodded him over. Slowly Lestrade joined him, staring at the Vulcan and the Horta. “What’s Sh’lok doing?”
“Fascinating,” Sh’lok said.
“Hudders’ signal should be coming through any moment. You know what to do.”
The doors opened. Lieutenant Donovan walked out of the lift, past the two Security officers flanking the door, and paused there, glancing coolly around the space. Some officers she knew, some she didn’t, but none of them were paying her any particular attention…
John ignored this and concentrated on spending the next few moments sucking Sh’lok’s tongue in a gentle, insistent, rhythmic evocation of something that might happen between them, elsewhere, in the very near future. He felt Sh’lok stiffen, in more ways than one.
“Right,” John said when he was clear that everyone they’d been waiting for was here. “Team up with the
John thought for a second, then glanced up at Mrs. Hudson. “Hudders, can you buy me some time? Get below and short out the main phaser couplings. They'll think the storm blew the stand-by circuits.”
What came out were two more men with drawn phasers and wearing what John was starting to think of as henchman’s uniforms, in blue. One man was a bit shorter than his more senior companion, a balding, closecropped man with narrowed eyes and a lined and calculating face. John was just tensing himself to get ready for whatever and whichever way he was going to have to move now when the henchman behind him held his hands up and said hastily, “Your men, Captain!” To the taller man he said, “Easy, Farrell. I did your job. Ask the Captain.”
That split second of anguished inattention was all it took for Sh’lok to leap forward again, roundhouse-swinging the
It was extraordinary. Quite
“Doctor, please, let me finish.” Hearing Lestrade’s tone, Sh’lok found himself a touch dismayed, for the man’s affect seemed not only not particularly neutral, but almost inappropriately bright. Perhaps the day’s events had led him to think this would somehow be helpful to Sh’lok.
“That is, of course, your affair,” Sh’lok said, falling in beside John as John started making his way away from there and further along the corridor. John was aware of his “chief henchman” Farrell coming up behind them from the Agony Booth area, and falling in to walk alongside Sh’lok’s man.
. “So fierce, so sure.”
“Sorry, Mrs. Hudson,” John said.
“Re-establish!”
—is flame. Thou hast the power, S’kroft. In the name of my fathers—forbid.
She wouldn’t stop screaming: couldn’t, perhaps. “They’re here!
Thought we’d said our goodbyes
And everything went black again.
But beautiful as this vista was, it wasn’t where John needed to be. This was a disguise, a distraction—an attempt at deception, inviting John to waste valuable time hunting across it for Sh’lok, and finally to run out of time and go away.
Moment by moment Sh’lok was losing himself more deeply in the consuming darkness the mindmeld had wrapped around them, where words were unnecessary, where sensation and emotion were all.
so close to Donovan’s station?
This struck John as unusual enough by itself, but the realisation of
Are you
Dimmock grinned, but there was nothing jokey about it. “There’s this about whatever kind of ion-based FTL she’s using: it still leaves a decay trail like more conventional old-style ion propulsion systems. It’s a spotty trail where the propulsion system cycles in and out of real space—more like a trail of breadcrumbs than anything else. But an ion’ll decay in the usual way no matter how fast you make it move. You can’t change the laws of physics.”
“Sh’lok!” he said.
“Ed shot it,” Vanderberg said.
Before Sh’lok could have time to react, John reached out in mind for a part of the virtual environment that he’d discovered he too could control in a meld, if he acted first.
rules
“I’m Captain John Watson,” he said after a second, as courteously as he could to someone who’d just boarded his ship uninvited. “This is the Starship
Sh’lok looked at him with faint disapproval. “There'll be none on the planet's surface, Doctor.”
might have done to his refractory period, his neurochemistry was going to be another matter.
He knew that Vulcans found the whole concept of lying morally repugnant. But in watching Sh’lok carefully over their initial missions, John had quickly seen that his First Officer was quite expert at finding ways to avoid telling the unvarnished truth when his duty or his own ethics required it. It would be interesting to float the “You’re making that up, aren’t you” concept and see whether Sh’lok went all indignant at the very idea, suddenly changed the subject, or just raised one of those expressive eyebrows at his Captain and told him he was in check again.
“Logical,” he said; and for the first and probably the last time in his life, though he did his best to speak the word evenly, it came out as a curse. “Flawlessly logical.”
John flicked through a few more images, then gave up. “Talk me through it?”
Lestrade was looking dubiously at the two of them. “You’re both missing something. Even if it was physiologically possible, silicon-based life wouldn’t be able to exist in an oxygen atmosphere!”
Vulcan’s full smile, grounded in blinding relief and… something much deeper, something much
“Yes,” Lestrade said. “As long as you’re not forgetting that there are over a million colonists on that planet down there… people who’re just as much your responsibility. They need your help, too.”
, for fuck’s sake, fencing with Dimmock, with
All around her, the Bridge crew’s attention was jerked away by that sound from the little drama unfolding at the Comms station.  Everybody looked up, and all eyes went just a little scared, and every crewman and officer on the Bridge leapt up to salute the man who’d just come in.
John stared down at Lestrade, who was still on the floor, thinking that he was hurt. But he was bent over Sh’lok. “Help me get him on the table.”
John rolled his eyes at himself, grinned. “Fun,” he said. “Come on, Sh’lok. Boots.”
to deal with routine administration
Though he was distracted by other thoughts, the pressure of their gazes quickly got his attention. “What?” He blinked. “I’m a doctor, not a bloody engineer!”
And then one of them moved, and made that noise again: louder, this time, and longer, almost as if it realized it had been seen.
John sighed. It was, he supposed, his version of Sh’lok’s “the Work”: the underlying passion to which one’s loyalties were silently sworn. And passion was the right word.
And as Sh’lok, entirely out of reflex, began to bristle a bit at the very idea that he might be
The rushing noise off to one side wasn’t what he’d been listening for, but it instantly got John’s attention. He watched in astonishment as across from him a wide patch of the rough-hewn tunnel wall glowed red-hot, flared for a moment into a perfect circle of brief fierce flame, and then simply vanished away in a cloud of combusting fumes. Through the circular opening, ponderous but unnervingly quick, a rough-domed shape patched in lava-red and fire-yellow and darker stony shades came rumbling forward to pause a couple of meters away from John, shuffling a bit from side to side as if nerving itself to charge.
There was, of course, one leaden weight sitting at the bottom of his soul that not even Mrs. Hudson’s best efforts would be able to shift. That was going to be his burden to bear until he died.
Bradstreet shook his head. “No structures, Captain. No mechanized objects that I can read. No surface consumption or generation of energy. Atmosphere is perfectly all right of course—“ He glanced up at a cloudless, blue, and quite cold sky. “Temperature high maximum of five degrees C or so.” He shrugged. “Livable.”
Mary got up from where she’d perched herself on the desk and went over to a wall that in John’s office space had a hanging textile copy of a panel of the Bayeux Tapestry, the one in which people pointed in wonder at a comet passing over and the tapestry was captioned ISTI MIRANT STELLA, “They marvel at the star.” Here, though, there was just an polygonal, textured composite panel mounted to the wall.
“If me no ifs, Sh’lok,” John said, grinning, as the lift doors opened for them. “After you.”
“And they are of course accurate, Captain.”
She wandered off to pace and puzzle at the problem. But Bones’s mind was still plainly elsewhere. He was leaning by the side of the computer, and now he leaned down a little, his eyes lingering, troubled, on John’s mouth, the slight swelling there, the trace of blood. “John… the way this ship is run, what kind of people
“The agony booth is a most effective means of discipline,” Sh’lok said, in a voice that even for a Vulcan was notable for its flatness.
“I found him on the table,” Dr. Hooper said, and then just stopped as if she was having trouble finding words.
Stamford’s eyes widen.
Sh’lok’s eyes go fierce and glad. He produces just a scrap of smile, but it could
the best First Officer a man could
“It does seem all too brief a time to develop such skills, does it not?”
you're making sense!”
John’s realization that the
She began gasping with pain again. “Visitors brought them in their vessel from  planet—Ingraham B.”
The sehlat bounced up and down eagerly and tried to wash his face some more.
sorry,” John said, eyes wide with very fake shock. “I should have said ‘estimation.’”
He could hear his pulse racing. But someone else’s, too: much faster than a human’s.
As the men bearing S’kroft’s chair paced toward the second dais, John’s attention went to the rest of the wedding party, and specifically to the woman who followed immediately behind S’kroft’s chair. It was T’Eyreen, in a short silvery dress, her hair bound up on her head in a complex array of fine silver fillets. John thought he caught her sliding an assessing glance his way, though due to the direction in which she was walking it looked like it might have been an accident.
Lestrade looked disgruntled. John just smiled half a smile. “You've been so concerned about his Vulcan eyes, Doctor,” he said, “you forgot about his Vulcan ears.” He turned away, catching a glimpse of Sh’lok’s own half smile and declining to formally acknowledge it. But it was there.
The act of drifting awake revealed to John that he had finally dozed off a little at last.
provide the means whereby the knowledge is used. Without
The shock of having his mind invaded
John, what’re you doing here?
not going to happen like that.
“A goodly number of such installations, Captain.”
He took a breath, straightened himself up slightly. “You heard my sister-in-law say something about ‘they’ being here. Your guess?”
was sitting in that chair was more than sufficient to widen his eyes. The chair bearers were carrying a tall man who was almost all dressed in black, from his calf-length tunic to his dark-bound leggings, except for a flash of high-collared white undertunic at his long throat and a heavy chain of rectangular silver links around his neck. In the crook of his elbow, almost negligently, he braced a long dark staff, curiously carved so that it looked almost as if folds of cloth were wrapped tight around it. His hair was cut much as Sh’lok’s, but it was smoother and of a dark auburn that caught in itself subdued glints of the somber redness of the stones and sky around them. The man had close-set eyes, strong brows, a long nose, a saturnine mouth. His was the sort of face behind which even someone who didn’t know who he was might suspect a great many secrets were held, smoothly, effortlessly.
The other three turned to him. Mrs. Hudson urgently whispered, “What
At the thought of what had just passed here, of what he had done, came that pain again: like a knife in his side, like a fist clenching around his heart—like a fire that would burn that heart out. Sh’lok shook his head. “I shall do neither,” he said. “I have killed my captain… and my friend.”
John watched the planet turn and held himself very still.
controlling
“Yes,” Sh’lok said, looking relieved that he hadn’t had to be the one to say it. “But whatever the motivation might have been, now the circumstances have changed. Now the murderer will know that his murder weapon has not only been preserved from destruction, but has acquired a voice. Now he will know that he can be incriminated. Now he will have motive to do at least one more murder. Opportunity to do it. And knowledge not only that it can be done, but
John nodded. “Phasers on stun,” he said. “I want them conscious.”
“Yes, sir. Response to S’kroft's request for diversion of
He gathered up Sh’lok with a glance, and side by side they headed off to rendezvous with the others.
Sh’lok held out his hand as he continued to close in on Dimmock. “Your agoniser.”
And then the final inescapable silence fell around him, and the bottomless dark folded around him, despite all his struggles, and abolished John Watson at last.
John Watson goes to his best friend's wedding... where things don't go exactly as planned.
Minutes later, after making another call, he was on the Bridge. Or, more accurately, he was standing in the open turbolift door, hands on hips, looking at the Science station, where a Vulcan was peering down his viewer at something.
There were five of them, as Mrs. Hudson had said, wrapped up against the chill in an assortment of skins and scraps of fur. Their concept of skirmishing tactics was, at best… well, there was no avoiding the word “primitive”; their preferred fighting style seemed mostly to involve flinging crudely-carved clubs and yelling. John ducked one of the clubs that flew over his head; beside him, Mrs. Hudson crouched lower behind the boulder where she’d taken cover and let another one pass over.
“Let’s,” John said, and tilted Sh’lok’s face up to his.
“Captain,” Sh’lok said, glancing up from his viewer after a few moments spent peering down it, “you would appear to be courting a potentially dangerous state of
have in it was people—any people at all.
On perceiving the massive redoubt so forbiddingly, indeed insultingly, erected in his path, S’kroft merely allowed Sh’lok to feel him manifest a thin current of vague bored disdain. Then he simply went around the internal Seleya, straight to the neural pathways dedicated to the mindlock, where S’Kroft ran his mind coolly down them and certified them as intact and operational. It did seem to Sh’lok that S’kroft took some moments more about this than were strictly necessary. Doubtless the delay was intended as casually punitive, a reminder to his wayward scapegrace Clan-kin that Sh’lok’s life choices had often enough left the Vulcans surrounding him wondering whether mentally he was entirely intact.
“Who else has seen what killed them?”
, John, because you’re missing something.”
“None,” Vanderberg said. “Not for centuries. That’s partly why this facility was built here: we knew it was safe. Doesn’t matter, though. The deaths were down deep at first, but they've been moving up toward our levels. The last man died two days ago, three levels below this.”
Sh’lok took a moment to register this, then stepped out and turned back toward John. On the Vulcan’s face was an expression of mute anguish, as if at some inexplicable betrayal.
“Captain,” Donovan said, “I have the leader on the Halkan Council waiting on channel B.”
“John.”
“Should we separate?” Sh’lok said.
But they were up against it, at the moment, and there was no alternative. “Lieutenant,” John said. “I know. But you’re the only one who can do this. And I know you will.”
“After the day you two’ve had? Bloody hell yes,” Lestrade said. “You do that. And tell 'Doctor' Watson I concur in his diagnosis.” He reached over to the padd, picked it up, studied it. “Yeah,” Lestrade said, “the hormone levels are still fairly high, though nowhere near where they were a couple of days ago. Probably take a couple of days for them to drop back to pre-
He sighed, and as they went along John started to talk Sh’lok through the tangled procedural pathway required to keep Mrs. Hudson’s bureaucratic side on an even keel. Unfortunately as he took Sh’lok through the weary details of what
“Sh’lok,” John said, “anything on board—?”
She regarded John as if he was out of his mind. “They will not help us without the pain!”
The woman in the purple lame dress regarded John from across the L-shaped table, where she sat with Luma and several other women, and said very politely, “What are you? Why are you here?”
And there was his idiom, ready made for him.
“Duty’s a harsh mistress, Mr. Sh’lok,” he said. “No point in letting things slide so long that you make her start wondering where she left the riding crop. Donovan?”
Maybe a side-reference to the oceans they sailed on. Maybe now a reference to the far vaster ocean of space: ever-changing, profound and powerful in her moods, infinitely fecund.
I feel what you feel. I know what you know—”
he thought. Someone’s uncertainty had definitely faded into the background when expertise was no longer an issue…
Vanderberg growled.
“Of course we’ll wind up taking a little ribbing from other starship crews about acting like the sector’s most heavily-armed freighter,” John said, “but it’ll be worth it: lives saved, planetary economies restored to their proper functioning...” He turned away, oh so casual. “And of course for coordination with our own onward schedule, you’d then need to poll Janus VI’s computers to reference their shipping schedules and the rest of the pertinent shipment details…” Which would, John knew, invariably include data on what crews were doing what work in what areas to produce the shipments in question, as such data determined how much the miners were paid.
She let out a breath of relief.
John thought.
“Well, you know the old saying,” John said. “Murder will out. It got outed in a pretty different way, this time. Something else to thank the Horta for, I suppose.”
And horribly on cue, a high urgent alarm note started sounding somewhere out in the huge artificial cavern that housed the bulk of the pergium processing facility. “Oh God,
“It’s complicated,” Sh’lok said, “yes. There are, ah, ways… in which Vulcan mind and consciousness are transferred, archived, stored… but all of them have been damaged during this process. Repair isn’t that difficult, but it will take time, and it’s time we don’t have.”
John froze.
Sh’lok nodded. “Here I am. And here you are. …This is perhaps my Maiwand, John. No question, it was terrible. Potentially tragic in a number of ways. Yet it brought me here.” He glanced around at the room: at John. “To you.” He swallowed. “So… I am content.”
its protection any more,” John said. “You’ll have something a billion times better.”And he shook Sh’lok one last time. “So
“You are my Captain,” Sh’lok said. “It was… appropriate.”
“Yes?”
S’kroft to spare him and his Captain the horror that was about to unfold. And S’kroft… either
. It felt as if this Sh’lok was standing somewhere high, ready to throw himself down onto his waiting doom if some better opportunity wasn’t presented to him in a hurry.
of northern European heritage who’s
At that Lestrade threw a look at John that made his heart lift a little: the first expression he’d seen on Lestrade in many minutes that looked anything like normal. “I'll never live this down,” Lestrade muttered. “This Vulcan is telling
haven’t."
he said,
“I’m trying to figure out exactly how to log this,” John said.
Sh’lok laughed—that sound that John thought he’d never get enough of. “No, John. I think we’ve had enough of that for one day… wouldn’t you say?”
John gave him a look. “Sh’lok,” he said, “we’ve talked about this. We’re in the Mess. Ease up on the discipline a bit.”
John looked back at Sh’lok with slight relief. The moment of stress seemed to have passed, enough for John to feel comfortable smiling a little. “I suppose,” he said, “most of us overlook the fact that even Vulcans aren't indestructible.”
Enterprise
S’kroft regarded them with straight-faced approval. “Sh’lok chose his friends well.”
He closed his eyes and first made sure that the outer barriers of his mind were once more secure. The initial shock of the alien organism’s implantation had deranged his brain chemistry so massively and the alien tissue growth had so swiftly set about overrunning his neural network that for a while he had not had enough power to resist. But paradoxically Lestrade’s most recent administration of painkillers had bought him the time he needed for his body to recover somewhat, and for his mind to re-erect its outermost lines of defence. It would not be enough, he knew… not for all that long. He would need to do some maintenance and restructuring work before he dared return to duty. Later, if by some wild chance he survived this ordeal, there logically seemed to be some chance that a Vulcan’s normal self-healing abilities could be brought to the fore and tasked to destroy the invading tissue. But first, so that other options could be implemented, the vast horrible mind associated with the tissue must be as completely shut out as it could be.
And for the next two hours and more John submerged his Bridge crew (and himself) deep in the most banal side of a starship’s business—protocol and en-route provisioning and pre-mission prep—while Sh’lok alternated working on some fascinating but inexplicable project involving antimatter mix equations and making occasional dry and cutting comments from the sidelines.
But this…
“Inelegant?” John said.
“Captain…” Sh’lok said, and their eyes met. “There has been little time for this; the exigencies of the day have militated against it. But I wanted you to know that I sorrow for your loss.”
And now everything started slotting into place, and he knew exactly what to do… because they were truly together in this, more together than he’d ever believed possible.
Sh’lok murmured as John’s other hand slid lower.
John leaned his head forward so that his forehead touched Sh’lok’s, and the two of them were looking downward together. Slowly and with care, John undid Sh’lok’s flies, laid them open. His pants were identical to John’s, the standard black Starfleet uniform issue; and under them he was very, very hard.
fuck…
. It was awful, and the desire to get back to where things were right again, where that void was filled, for that moment or so rose up and gripped John and practically
“Fine,” John said. “Thank you. Moving on now to us getting my people back where we belong. You going to help us with that? Or am I going to have to remove you from play?”
Lestrade lifted the lid off the bowl, sniffed appreciatively. “Vulcan plomeek soup! You made this?”
“But this is such an incredible mess,” Sh’lok said, suddenly sounding abashed. “I could tidy it up a little—”
The woman in purple gave John the kind of look one sees from a corporate customer representative in the act of bringing to mind some obscure item buried far back in a stockroom on some other planet. “Ah, yes,
When the Transporter finished singing in his ears, John looked around him and saw red.
John nodded. “The chart says both of these tunnels converge a few thousand yards further. I’ll take the left. You take the right.”
week he’d really get around to that mail from Harry. But it never happened “this week”. Something always came up.
requesting permission to assume standard orbit.”
therefore becomes not “Rigel Five or
John knew instantly what he had to do next—not just in spite of it being Sh’lok who was involved, but
was a concept he wasn’t particularly enthusiastic about.
, sunshine, your grasp of physics may be a wonder to behold, but your chemistry’s not all it’s cracked up to be
Sh’lok glanced at John in surprise. John put up the phaser again, shrugged. “No harm in this nasty piece of work being off everybody’s case for a few more hours,” he said, with a meaningful glance at Sh’lok. “Let’s move.”
“I can’t?”
“It does, Captain,” Lestrade said, his gaze meeting Bradstreet’s and then John’s.
Sh’lok met it with one of his own, the good-natured if wearily resigned Why Must I Repeatedly Endure  Such Treatment From Inferior Beings expression, and got up. “Very well, Captain,” he said.  “I trust I shall not suffer too long at the Doctor’s hands and may soon return to my—” A sniff. “‘Twiddlings.’”
The somber deep metallic
John straightened. “A short time, Mr. Sh’lok. We have very little…”
“Doctor. You were not there to hear what I said to my Clan-brother before I returned. He bade me live long and prosper. I told him I would be doing neither. Leaving the issue of prospering aside… I would not have lived long past John’s death.” Sh’lok swallowed, looked away. “It was no threat; merely a statement of fact. For those who either by intent or accident have done violence to one who—one who they… Well.” He shook his head. “In Vulcan experience, life seems to make a habit of finding them some way, fairly quickly, to depart.”
Lestrade cried. “No one could be that clever!”
“Yes, sir.”
“Yes,” John said. “Here. Not our universe, not our ship. Something…” He groped for the right word, found it.
John looked over his shoulder at T’Kait, considering. “Do not interfere, Watson,” S’kroft immediately said, sharp-voiced. “Keep thy place.”
Sh’lok’s expression suggested he found the whole proposition most unlikely. “Nobody could be that clever.”
were usefully yanked back in the direction of reality as Sh’lok came at him not with the blade but with the shaft of the
…He hoped.
She sighed and glanced sideways at John again, and the look in her eyes was a combination of mischief and sheer cold deadliness that made him hold himself absolutely deadpan. But after a moment she turned away once more, shrugged, sipped at her drink. “Doesn’t matter,” Mary said. “Much longer and people might’ve started to
Within the space of the hour Sh’lok had visited the planet’s surface, phasered one of the creatures into submission, and brought it back for study. John had had to flinch a little at his First Officer’s report of the Denevan man who’d attempted to attack him while he was there. “I had expected that there might be some reaction after I reasserted control over myself so quickly,” Sh’lok had said almost casually on his return, “but nothing quite so crude. Possibly the creatures have been thrown somewhat off balance. If true, I would say this is to be welcomed.”
Sh’lok took a breath. “By saving John’s life, Lestrade,” Sh’lok said, “you also saved mine.”
John rolled his eyes. “When we get back to the
It was probably by a sort of unconscious process of elimination, therefore, that John’s wanderings brought him eventually down to Engineering. Mrs. Hudson was in residence at the moment, it turned out, and the desk in her office was littered with printouts of satellite schematics, all of which she was standing and scowling at as if their existence was some kind of personal insult. “John,” she said as soon as she registered his presence, and sounding very cross, “what the hell are
“Several thousand years at least, Captain,” said Bradstreet, after another glance down the viewer. “Only a thin band of terrain in the tropical zone is ice-free.”
John turned to his first officer. “Mr. Sh’lok, give us a report on life beneath the surface.”
are proposing here is murder. And
And when the man in question stepped off the pad and, instead of shouting demands and imprecations, simply gazed around him in a tightly managed astonishment, Sh’lok’s mind absolutely caught
Eventually he had managed to settle himself somewhat, though the two clocks counting down inside him ticked away, relentless. For the moment Sh’lok sat quiet, examining the data he had, and wondering how to acquire more without either endangering himself or this different Captain Watson further.
John’s insides clenched as Sh’lok braced himself against the desk, staring away from them across the room. “I am also,” he said, almost conversationally, “quite blind.”
He broke off as if afraid to say it. But what he was thinking hit John so hard that he actually reached out to this Sh’lok and took him by the shoulders and gripped him, shaking him a little in absolute triumph. “That, oh my God Sh’lok, that one of them’s a John Watson like me, maybe even a Captain of an
“But the ancient drives are too strong,” Sh’lok said, shaking his head slightly, as if at his own obtuseness. “Eventually, they catch up with us, and we are driven by forces we cannot control… to return home, and take a mate.” His voice dropped to the point where it almost couldn’t be heard. “…Or die.”
“Don’t think there will be, Captain,” Mr. Garrideb said. “The facility supervisor’s turned in for the night, but their night comms officer told me at shift change that Chief Vanderberg said to let us have anything we wanted, no questions.”
Quartermaster’s office had just signed
They bundled Bradstreet off. John stood there still wiping at the blood on his face and thinking of the weapons officer whose cheerful expertise he’d so long depended on without question or cavil, whose skill at the helm and seemingly instinctive grasp of starship gunnery had saved Enterprise’s durasteel skin any number of times.
Then he jerked as if something had struck him, and cried out in wordless anguish. John flinched in sympathy and forced himself to hold still.
The beast himself was long dead, of course, but here he was as he would have been long before Sh’lok first came under his care as a very small child. I-Chaya had been his father Sarek’s before he had been Sh’lok’s (though where sehlats were concerned there was always some debate over who owned and who
while I wait for conditions to… alter.
best practice requires that they be
Too late now.
John didn’t have time for the shock that went down his spine at that.
won’t
But the humanoid shook his head. “Your words say nothing.”
Lestrade got up and stood with John on one side. Bradstreet was up out of his chair on the other side a moment later. “We just want to talk to somebody about Sh’lok’s brain, that’s all!” Lestrade said.
wanted, now dead by his hand, rose up into his throat once more and threatened to choke him: but for these few moments he mastered it. “It is not logical… but it is often true.”
Fleet Hospital. Trauma ICU.
—and the horrible image of what might yet be to come, of Sh’lok downed and John standing over him and being expected to
John thought.
John thought.
John couldn’t possibly have left Lestrade to carry the can all by himself on this one. “She really liked those ears?”
“Aye, sir,” Bradstreet said.
John caught the sudden flare of challenge, of mischief, in Sh’lok’s eyes. “Yes,” he murmured.
All of Vulcan in one package. How can I walk away from this? How can I possibly back out in front of
the heat, he knew, but still he knew what that pilot would be feeling in a little ship like that with hardly any shielding compared to what
Astonishment. “Really?”
But Sh’lok was nodding, looking out into that darkness too. “So much to investigate,” he said. “So much to discover. Endless diversity. Just waiting.”
“No. But how did you—”
“There won’t be anything left of you to prove I had anything to do with it,” Abernetty said, triumphant. “Been all kinds of accidents here that aren’t anything to do with cave monsters. People fall down crevasses, get buried under rockfalls, all the time. Snooping around the way you were, who knows what might have happened to you? And those others, there’s no possible way you can prove—”
“Doctor Hooper,” Lestrade said to her, in one of those we’re-about-to-have-a-discussion-about-something-you’d-rather-not voices that John knew all too well (having last heard it over that salad).
“Oh my. Sorry. Guess I can see your point.”
“Just wanted to tell you that the Federation authorities have been in touch,” said Vanderberg. “They’ll be sending a team by to evaluate Abernetty and finish compiling the forensics on the murders. I want to tell you, a lot of people here are seriously relieved. Seems like a fair number of employees have had bad feelings about this guy for years. Looks as if they were justified.”
with thee.” Another pause.
Once this might have shocked and terrified him, but not now. Now he just stretched against that other presence, as he might have stretched against a companioning body in bed, and smiled a lazy smile to find the other rummaging around and sorting and classifying what he found, idly making his way among the contents like a researcher in a museum.
John thought, increasingly desperate at the thought of the two universes slipping further and further out of synch while this madness went on. He managed to push Sh’lok up against the wall again and land a few more punches, but within seconds he was on the floor again while Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson went at Sh’lok together—
Immediate interest.
Sickbay was empty of other crewmen when Sh’lok arrived, and no staff were in attendance but Lestrade. Sh’lok understood that this could not have been coincidental, and he was grateful for it… though he worked hard not to let the gratitude show too obviously. There were after all conventions of behaviour to be observed, regardless of any other ways the universe might be rearranging itself.
“‘Helpless,’” Sh’lok said, and sniffed. “We shall see about that.”
The executioner stepped between T’Eyreen and T’Kait, leveling his blade between them. But John found it hard to pay attention when he was being blindsided by a sudden twinge of memory.
John held Bradstreet’s eyes and tried to look flustered.
“I’d say enough to push this planet out of orbit, sir,” Bradstreet said.
“Hmm.
it said. Or rather,
“In any case, Captain, your sentiment is, may I say, most ambitious.”
Sh’lok hesitated. “Yes,” he said. “One thing.”
kind of rabbit, out of the hat.
He was so shocked by this development that he actually found himself  looking around to see who she was
“…It didn’t seem
off somewhere taking it easy. Possibly down in his quarters meditating or something.
that’s not what it’s about—! The unspoken longings fulfilled at last, the shy joy Sh’lok was feeling at directly experiencing
“Ready, sir.”
, how was Lestrade going to get Sh’lok’s brain back in there
“Get your hands off him, Sh’lok!” said a voice he knew, low but quite savage.
Resigned, John headed back and nodded at Dr. Hooper, who was looking a bit uncomfortable. In fact, she was blushing.
that voice was?—but also at the timing.
“I’m a surgeon already,” Lestrade said. “If I could learn these techniques, I might be able to retain them!”
guarded it just as carefully.
John whirled the center seat about in time to see Sh’lok walk into the Bridge, closely followed by Lestrade.
Cautiously John lifted it up, looked it over. Bradstreet joined him to examine the helmet where it now hung above head-height over the console, as John let go of it and turned to Kara. “How does it work? Show us.”
—John drew his phaser and headed for her. “There you are,” he said,
“We are dealing with a silicon creature of the deep rocks,” Sh’lok said, “capable of moving through solid rock as easily as we move through the air.”
Unfortunately this seemed to be one of those times when getting practical with Sh’lok encouraged him to do the same. “Why are you endangering your lives by coming here?” Sh’lok said.
May I come in? May I please? Say yes.
“But I tried, Mr. Sh’lok, I—”
crewmen begin a do-or-die attempt to get back to their own universe. John discovers a strange and ambivalent ally. And the mirror Sh'lok is faced with a dilemma... and a mystery.
“Yet you must,” John said. “You have done Sh’lok a terrible wrong. You have stolen something to which you have no right:
WATSON
John headed up yet another ladder, having just had a set-to of this sort with the head of Exobiology. John had spent a precious half-hour listening attentively to Lieutenant LeBrun’s concerns about his equipment not being right for the work he and his staff were being asked to do, and about their  workload. When the long peroration was done, John promised to have the equipment situation looked into. But he was privately of the opinion (as he left that meeting and headed for the next, one deck up) that the problems had little to do with the equipment and the workload, and a great deal to do with the (apparently) unsuccessful romantic entanglement in which Lieutenant LeBrun was presently flailing around with one of Mrs. Hudson’s Engineering assistants, Lieutenant Youghal.
John trailed off as Sh’lok turned fully toward him and bent that silver-dark gaze down to meet John’s. The sheer fierce intensity of it locked John’s joints and made him wonder if possibly his bones were about to catch fire. “Let me clarify the matter then,” Sh’lok said. “My orientation is toward
Sh’lok produced one of those resigned yet amused down-the-nose sniffs that John had learned to translate as
Lestrade looked around in triumph. “It worked! We can do it!”
“Take me with you,” said Mary Morstan.
“I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer!”
“So it is,” Kara said, her eyes fixed on John’s with every appearance of angry satisfaction.
John had all he could do to keep himself from physically flinching. He’d heard that voice in recorded messages before, laughing, scolding, casual, warm. But never terrified and desperate like this, and his heart seized at the sound. “I don't have much time—they’ll know! Please!
At the curve of the adjoining tunnel, Lestrade stopped short, taking it all in: John, Sh’lok, the thing Sh’lok was clinging to. “What in the name of—?!”
John thought, as the compass needle swung and unerringly found its north.
The moments were fleeting by, though, and he could feel Sh’lok coming out of his momentary deep immersion in imagination… so John tucked the word away safe inside him and slid innocently out of the shadows, to where there were still bodies lying on their sides, pressed together, rubbing against one another.
“Sh’lok,” she said, glancing at the datacart he’d brought her. “The physics in this looks quite passable. Come back tomorrow or the next day and we’ll stress-test it a bit. Meanwhile—” She actually gave him a little push. “Stop wasting my time and get on with you. Go be where you want to be.”
John said.
Hudders’ voice was grim. “We couldn't get out of here in a century.”
Donovan here.”
And sure enough, there this universe’s Sh’lok stood, erect, glaring at John. But the glare was uneasy.
Sh’lok flicked just the briefest glance at his Captain, and for just that fraction of a second John thought he caught sight of something that looked like shame or pain or both. That quick gesture Sh’lok immediately turned into part of turning away to sit down behind his desk. John wasn’t going to make an issue of that, despite being in the middle of a dressing-down. It was rare enough that Sh’lok unbent with John when they were in situations that had to do specifically with their relationship as officers.
At this point Dr. Hooper, looking up at Sh’lok, or perhaps a little past him, threw him a look so torn between pity and a peculiar muted excitement that he had no idea what to make of it. “ I, uh… I think I left something, uh…” she said. “Would you excuse me?” And hurriedly she took herself out of Sickbay.
John turned it over and saw, buried among the shallower curves and domes of the box’s bottom, an intricately interwoven upper-and-lowercase monogram engraved in the wood, though there were places where the carving had been chipped or splintered away, then sanded down. “‘A… G, R, A…?’”
he said. “Don’t give me any damnable logic about him being the only man for the job!”
John grinned a tight angry dragon’s grin. “Best two falls out of three,” he growled. “If you insist.”
John was in a state somewhere between constant anxiety and the constant sense of it almost being ready to be relieved, so that whenever he checked the time it either seemed hardly any had gone by, or much more of it had passed than he;d expected. At one point, which turned out to be about an hour in from the time Lestrade had started, Bradstreet looked over at John and shook his head in wonder. “I’ve never seen anything like it, Captain,” he said. “It’s like he’s operating at warp speed!”
“Why thank you, Dr. Lestrade,” Sh'lok said.
to you last night.”
Sh’lok regarded this move for a moment, plainly registering its symbolic quality as an invitation to take advantage. “In answer to your question regarding the hatching,” he said, “yes. Very soon. A matter of hours, if my reading of the Mother's timesense is correct… which I believe it is. The imminence of the hatching was one reason she became so desperate that she was willing to risk stealing that pump.”
there! And he showed the mindspace around him exactly what and “where” he meant.
But there were other issues more immediate. “How’re you doing, Doc?” John said as he put the broken shell aside.
“And to do the same to the murdered men.”
“Recording.”
John Watson was plainly feeling his way.
like this.”
SFX: COMMUNICATOR CHIRP behind him. He turns to pick it up from the nearby desk,
with that, well, maybe… more.” John swallowed with some difficulty: his mouth was dry. “What do
them there!” Abernetty shouted. “It’ll only be a matter of time before the company has to start promoting from the inside. Things are gonna change—”
Lestrade frowned back, but there was no anger in it—or if there was, it wasn’t at John. “There’s a growing imbalance in Sh’lok’s bodily functions,” Lestrade said, “as if in our bodies huge amounts of adrenalin were constantly being pumped into our bloodstreams. Now, I can't track down the cause in my biocomps. And Sh’lok won't tell me what it is. But if it isn't stopped somehow, the physical and emotional pressures will simply kill him. Stroke, most likely. Massive heart attack. Major organ damage. Possibly all three at once—” He shook his head. “I can prevent a lot of things, John, and cure a fair number. Even the occasional rainy day. But this is a whole bloody hurricane we’re talking about. And within a matter of days
“Do they come from the sky?” he said at a hazard, thinking that possibly this man be talking about aliens. Or perhaps he had some rudimentary knowledge of spaceflight, or at least might have seen a ship—
John went to her. “Put it on audio.”
“The givers of pain and delight,” said the humanoid. He looked as if he thought John was a little stupid not to know about this.
Rigel and Axanar. Knowing that hostilities
John swallowed. “And you’re not alone,” he said as softly as he could. Then he left.
John’s eyebrows went up, not just at Lestrade’s Sh’lok imitation, which was (unsurprisingly) pitch-perfect, but at the content.
Lestrade shook his head, incredulous. “John, leaving aside the logistical difficulties… where are you going to look? In this whole galaxy, where are you going to start looking for Sh’lok’s brain?”
“You— Yes,” Sh’lok said after a moment. “Your kinesics were far too open. And also your—”
hands had—
terrible.”
John’s eyes widened. “What do you mean, ‘if both survive?’”
And while Earth is unquestionably
”Yes, I know,” John said. “Here’s your circulating pump.” He handed it to Appel, who stared at it nonplussed. “You've complained this planet is a mineralogical treasure house if you had the equipment to get at it. Gentlemen, the Horta moves through rock the way we move through air! And it leaves tunnels. They’re the greatest natural miners in the universe.” John waved his arms in a let’s-all-see-sense kind of gesture. “It seems to me we could make an agreement, reach a
think?”
security personnel—they’re better armed than you. Keep someone in sight at all times.” He turned to the Janus VI facility chief. “Vanderberg, take two men. Go through that tunnel there.” John pointed. “Rendezvous with Commander Giotto and his security detail. Mr. Appel, and the rest of you men, go through there—” He indicated a different tunnel. “Link up with Lieutenant Osborne’s group. Mr. Sh’lok and I will control the operation from a central point. That’s all.”
by the fallen man, helps him turn over.
“They’ve been under your command for months, John. Panic is not their mode. They’ll be coping, as you well know. And probably laying more bets.”
John swallowed, hoping it didn’t look like the great gulp of anguish and terror it felt like.
He strode across the ornate mosaics of the central hall and from there through a series of carven doors, keyed by material and carving style to the information they held. Right now, though, it wasn’t data he needed. It was personality, and the certainty and power linked to it: an area securely held deep within the virtual infrastructure of Sh’lok’s mind, protected by a maze to which the follow-the-left-wall solution would prove woefully inadequate.
John started pacing back and forth. “I can't accept that, Bones! We've got fourteen science labs aboard this ship. The finest equipment and computers in the galaxy—”
,” Sh’lok corrected himself, and in a much more appropriate tone, “to take my leave on Vulcan.”
John thought, and changed tactics again, thinking of that little look of indignation on the woman’s face when John didn’t immediately recognise her status.
becoming contaminated by such associations to the point where he wanted not to think about it. That would be dangerous. When he was simply feeling reflective, though… there was one place he didn’t mind being.
He fought the whiteout—
“Fine,” John said, and hit the comms button on the seat’s arm. “Yes, Chief. Watson here.”
John blinked his eyes open on a Bridge full of people collapsed over their chairs and onto the floor. Somehow he was certain that a significant amount of time had passed, but he wasn’t sure how much. He also wasn’t sure he cared at all for the feeling of having been kicked in the head.
“I’ve found a whole layer of these silicon nodules of yours,” John said, moving in among them. “Hundreds of them.” They lay scattered around the floor, some perched up on ledges, others piled up against the walls. John was intrigued by the variations in their colours; they weren’t all the soft mauve of the one in Vanderberg’s office, but ranged from pale pearly-white or dove-grey shades through deeper hues of rose or gold or soft green-blue.
“Are you certain?”
John stepped down to stand by the center seat as Mrs. Hudson got out of it. “Magnification ten, Mr. Bradstreet. Distance?”
John nodded and moved to step down off the dais, his landing party moving with him to arrange themselves for beam-up. As John was stepping down from the dais, Tharn said, “Captain—”
just fine, better than fine, and—
“—after all, I don’t move at all when I’m meditating, and not that much when I sleep, and—”
A last blast of static, and then… silence.
“Yes,” Sh’lok said after a moment. “I believe I already have some sensation in my arms. Please stimulate the nerve endings and observe the physical reactions, one by one. In each case, I shall tell you when the probe is correct. You will then seal using the tri-laser connector. “
“I was—” He never saw her initial glance at his board, as he had immediately got busy burying his face against her neck. “—getting bored! Of course—” His hands went up her back and she let them, let his face drop down from her neck and his lips find their way into her cleavage. “—this isn’t the time,” she breathed into his ear as the light started to flash on his console and he was too busy closing his eyes and shivering with arousal to see it, too full of the sound and feel of her warm breath in his ear canal to hear it.
“How long does the knowledge last?”
John found that he was shaking. There was no way he could react any other way while watching his friend crouched down on the cold stone and battling for control, that proud, near-incorrigible rationality utterly derailed by grief and fury—by (whisper it) naked emotion. John licked his lips, swallowed, concentrated on keeping himself ready and in order.
of them. What am I supposed to do?
A simple screen had been erected that obscured the top of Sh’lok’s head from view, and behind which Lestrade was already at work. He accepted the instruments from John with a nod but otherwise didn’t stop what he was doing.
from Starfleet Sector Nine. Inauguration ceremonies, Altair Six—”
Hands reached up. John caught them in his own, pressed the stone into them, clasped around them. Sh’lok’s hands guided John’s down, pressing them low on his chest, where a liver would have been were he human, but where a Vulcan would keep his heart.
John’s insides clenched with something too complicated to be mere surprise. “Sh’lok,” he said.
John said. “When it’s
John thought.
Tharn nodded. “We accept that your Federation is benevolent… at present. But the future is always in question. Our dilithium crystals represent awesome power. Wrongful use of that power, even to the extent of the taking of
John stared in utter shock, going cold all over, as Lestrade shook him by that arm.
Put that way, the omission was striking, but John wasn’t at all sure what it meant. “So,” he said, “somehow or other, before all the Hortas were gone, their hatched eggs, the shells… went away?”
“Well…”
“Yes, Captain, I am still here.” A pause. “Have you returned to the
John laughed out loud.
“I can't give you any guarantees, John.”
“Good boy,
he thought. Hormones or no hormones, whatever Sh’lok’s
The outer door slid open, then the inner one. John stepped through, paused just inside the doorway to tap the closing code into the interior panel, and waited until the doors both slid shut and both sets of seals, the physical airtight ones and the nonphysical forcefield seals, went tight or phased in. After a few moments the light above the door went green, casting a faint radiance around. Everything else around him lay dark.
“Sh’lok,” S’kroft said, “dost thou accept the challenge according to our laws and customs?”
“Sickbay to Bridge. Lestrade here.”
his mind said, just a touch uncertainly, into the silence between them.
my ship?!  And hastily John pushed the thought aside, because right now he didn’t have the leisure to stand around considering the possible horrors. He had to
had done— John was completely thrown by it. “Then why'd you do it?”
John was in the act of rolling his eyes (because by now he knew the sound of his rather unVulcan Vulcan getting ready to stonewall him again)  when his gaze caught something it might not have otherwise—something moving, something in the shadows of the cavern; and then something else tall and massive that was pitching toward him. Instantly John flung himself backwards out of its way, rolling aside as he did to avoid a few of the silicon nodules that he might have fallen on otherwise.
John did not say the word “Deneva”. It didn’t matter. Sh’lok spent several moments being seen to be leisurely examining anything in the room that was neither the chessboard nor John. John spent a few breaths’ time in innocent enjoyment of this, then took pity on his First Officer and said, “Let’s just say ‘missing in action, hmm?’”
said the other part of him, deep and dark and deliciously low.
“As I recall,” Sh’lok said, sliding his arms up around John’s back and starting to knead at his shoulders, “it was yours.”
As his eyes finished acclimatising, John looked up, and up, and further up still. All around him were vast gloomy spaces in which the deep dim red-gold light that filled this place picked out here a massive uprearing architrave, there a long colonnaded corridor under massive arches, there again vast stairways and mighty halls. Above everything arched an intricately wrought ceiling lost in shadow high above, in which the occasional star of some deep-set diamond glittered.
John brushed himself off a bit, looking after the humanoid. “What was it he said—‘pain and delight?’”
!” And it was a shout again, not just angry but urgent enough that John was stopped short by it. He turned to see Sh’lok shoot up out of his chair again, his eyes once more flashing with anger. “I must—”
Behind him the doors to the turbolift opened, and John’s mouth went a bit dry. He somehow knew without even looking that here came the one element missing from an
SH’LOK (CONT’D)
John had had a few occasions in his life that would have served as dictionary definitions for the phrase “don’t know whether to laugh or cry.” Standing here in a state of the art science lab next to his First Officer, and jointly observing a malignant civilisation-killing single-celled Thing From Elsewhere while exchanging I-don’t-understand-your-weird-alien-idiom banter, would never have occurred to him as a possible candidate. All John could find to say was “One hour, Mr. Sh’lok.” Then he took himself away.
John found his way around to the outer door of Vanderberg’s office and stepped inside. The first thing he did was head over to Abernetty and reach down to his throat to check his pulse. “Hmm, not great,” he said under his breath, and straightened up again, pulling out his communicator and flipping it open while looking into Sh’lok’s eyes the entire time. “Watson here. Dr. Lestrade.”
All John knew was that he wanted answers.
But it was at this point that another telltale began flashing on his board. Sh’lok’s eyes narrowed as he reached out to the console. “Why are you monitoring my communications, Mr. Anderson?”
John had to agree with her: it didn’t. It looked like a flattened, half-melted blob of something pinkish-white and shiny, but its colours kept shifting and it didn’t seem to manifest itself steadily as either something liquid or solid. In fact it made John feel faintly queasy to look at it.
“If you had the knowledge, could you restore what you've taken?”
The tone of voice in which he delivered this analysis was completely discursive, as mild and calm as if he was reporting on an interaction that had involved someone else, days or weeks ago. For the moment, John held his peace and nodded casually as if he was accepting just such a report. Later—
“Mmm.” John nodded. “Okay. Interested in expanding that sample a bit…from the inside?”
might. People will talk.”
John thought. At least something, someone, was behaving dependably on this awful day.
They both looked over for a moment at the—waiting?—creature. Then, with the air of someone who’d made a decision, Sh’lok said, “Captain. You are aware of the Vulcan technique of the joining of two minds—”
“The housekeeping can wait,” John said, and even in this situation, just had to smile.
“I would like to ask a favour of you.”
from them as this time does to us...”
Sh’lok shrugged, folding the flannel neatly and dropping it over the side of the bed. “Meretricious,” he said. “Bridge surveillance video is always available shipwide to the First Officer. Naturally it’s merely good practice to review it at intervals to make sure one’s own data is complete…”
John stood there gazing at the schematic and trying to think clearly. There was only one good thing about the last fifteen hours of stress: they had worn the worst of the edge off his initial fear and rage. Both were still there, but both were reduced to a kind of dull roar. “I can’t afford to guess wrong,” John said under his breath, as if to someone who wasn’t there.
. It was heady stuff. John felt the hair rising on the back of his neck, not in any kind of nervousness, but in a kind of reaction he’d been lucky enough to more-than-occasionally experience before in his line of work: sheer wonder.
“But they are not
John went in. Sh’lok was sitting behind his desk, apparently having been viewing something on his monitor or making notes on the nearby padd. As John entered he began to stand.
OFF SFX of his door WHOOSHING open, COMMODORE MIKE STAMFORD is standing up
John thought.
He looked up as the altered possibilities of the situation started laying themselves out before him.
Even his own Sh’lok was occasionally at a loss when faced with some human reactions, and could be bluffed if John kept his own tells under control. What Lestrade and Hudders and Donovan behind him might be doing, John didn’t know and didn’t dare look to see.
An alarm went off on the console, bringing Sh’lok’s head around. He immediately sat and began touching controls. ”Instruments indicate a transferal beam emanating from the area of the humanoid life form.”
“They deserved it, every one of them!” the man was saying in a voice that was both furious and deadly quiet. “I was here
said that?”
In Vanderberg’s office some bare-bones refreshments had been laid out—vacuum jugs of various hot and cold beverages. Dr. Lestrade was already having a cup of the miners’ idea of coffee. John thought it safer to stick to tea, and poured himself some to help him pull his thoughts together.
Fortunately Vulcan tradition supported the understanding that the winner of a Challenge shouldn’t automatically assume that his prize would cooperate without a little personal testing first. The two of them rolled and wrestled and grappled and found holds and were shaken or levered out of them, and John got in a little growling as well, for Sh’lok’s fiery combative tone of mind was contagious. If John’s concentration on their tussle slipped more than once, so that he kept winding up on his back, maybe that was because he was a lot more concerned than Sh’lok seemed to be about falling off the bed onto the floor.
