That was a relief.
“He can be kind of slow, though. I don’t think he’s gotten the point,” Steve said, a small smile playing on his lips at Tony’s dumbstruck expression. Baffling a genius—now, that was an entertaining pastime Steve could get used to.
“There was an attack today on US troops,” Tony said.
“No, probably not.”
“She was likely—“ Steve stopped himself. He couldn’t say it. How could you say,
did you
“Huh. Did you vote for me?” Stark asked. Steve couldn’t tell if he was kidding or not. He shrugged.
I need something to tinker with,” Tony had complained.
,” Steve said, and that brought Tony up short. Steve smiled at him, and put a hand on his shoulder. “I know
or any of that crap. Tony was still himself, under that kiss, and still vaguely terrified and uncertain. But there was Steve, warm against him, sweet and gentle and clearly wanting. Steve was the first to break apart even as Tony was gasping for air and drawing him back down.
“Nothing could be more of a nightmare than the last couple of months with the threat of all universes in existence collapsing,” Maria pointed out. Pepper leveled her a long suffering gaze.
“Well
“Only one way to find out. Come on, Commander. Let’s go investigate,” Tony said, but as they were walking to the stairs, she froze in horror.
“I didn’t know,” her father’s voice came over the comms, dull.
“Tony?” Steve asked gently. Tony had been sitting in the same spot, not working, not messing with anything, but
in my bathroom?” Kate asked. Peter ignored her and went back to throwing the ball at the ceiling. Kate bristled. She didn’t like being ignored.
Tony agreed with that sentiment. What was her life?
We have to save Steve! Where has everyone been?”
“Which ones again?” asked the young man with her.
“Ok,” James said.
So Peter had done the unexpected after falling into their trap. Instead of running to the roof, as he was sure they expected him to do considering he could jump to safety from there, Peter ran to the ground. He took the stairs downwards. There were fewer guards to stop him, though he was still pursued from above, agents shouting and shooting blue lasers that paralyzed their own agents when they went astray. It dawned on him that what had merely numbed his face temporarily was meant to paralyze his body. They hadn’t calibrated for super spider genes. Peter, even as he ran for his life, thought dryly,
“—but that doesn’t matter. You know what, fuck it. I’m probably going to regret this, but I’d regret not doing it more,” Tony finished. He had more to say. He was pretty sure. He had this whole tangle of emotions still stuck in his head, and he’d intended to pull out the threads one by one and lay them on the table, but when it came time to do it, he found he’d lost his detangler. So instead, Tony closed the gap between him and a startled Steve and drew him into a kiss.
how many people we’ve saved? That’s what we’re
“Handsome, but, no, he’s been favoring blondes lately. I’ll put twenty on the lean blonde with the movie-star smile at three o’clock,” Natasha replied. Steve looked around until he spotted the one she must have meant. The man attracted looks from men and women alike, and there seemed to be almost a line forming of people who wanted to dance with him. He was magnetic, but so was Tony. And if it was one thing that Steve knew, it was that two magnets were just as likely to repulse each other as attract.
“No,” Steve said reluctantly.
“Me?” he asked. “You’re
. Tony said that I made her think it was her fault, my leaving. I was an awful husband, an awful father, and now—there’s no taking it back. There was never any taking it back, but we could have worked through it. I could have made up for it. But instead Tony—“ Steve couldn’t continue. He couldn’t say
“To make sure I was ok,” 3490 Tony finished for him. “I know.” She picked up her project again, focusing on it. “My Steve has always done the same. But that’s the thing, isn’t it? You’re not him.”
This whole multiverse-falling-apart-faster-and-faster thing was really putting a damper on his budding love life.
“Love you, Dad,” she said before she let go, and then she left the room, her eyes red and her cheeks still stained. Their father turned his gaze to James. He took a step towards him. Peter noticed how his brother looked at him, still a defiant face even in the midst of all this turmoil. It made Peter mad that he could still be so petty and awful so soon after everything.
“Yeah,” Steve said. He felt his heart do a little flutter when Tony graced him with the tiniest upward quirk of his lips.
that was too soft for Peter to hear. She nodded and hugged him one last time.
Kate began a list that day, of all the things she had achieved without her abilities, without her parents, of all the traits she could claim as her own. The first, and only thing, on the list was ‘
for Kate’s entire life to insure that she would be safe, to insure that no baddies would be after her, to insure that the
!” Peter was practically screaming. James felt his blood run cold.
“Easy,” Steve said. “Take it easy, Tony. We don’t even know if there’s a reason we need to run yet.”
“I don’t,” Francis replied.
“Great,” Tony said. “I’ll make sure to get these back to you when I’ve finished.”
“You called, big brother?” James nearly jumped out of his skin as Peter landed right in front of him, having swung through buildings. He was carrying Azari. Torrun, carrying Francis, and Billy, carrying Teddy, were right behind him. They landed just before the Avengers arrived.
“‘Yuck it up’? And you call
day to go. Why not go today? Carpe Diem and all that.”
“—my double may have dosed us all with microscopic robots,” Tony finished, ignoring Steve’s protests. There was silence among the group for a moment. Pepper had frozen still holding a sandwich out to Jane.
That, and utterly destroying AIM.
Ava Ayala - White Tiger
“Dude, lightsaber. Star Wars? No? Nothing?” Peter asked.
“Later,” Steve said as the limo stopped. “Somewhere that isn’t the mansion or Tony Stark’s limo.”
me but don’t you
fun, getting to twirl her around for a few minutes. She was bold and brash and inhumanly graceful—a real treat to watch. And he was just happy to be doing something other than watch his charge flirt with every human being in the vicinity. The song ended and they parted with smiles—but that smile faded when Steve realized he couldn’t see Tony anywhere.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“Mine?” Dr. Banner asked.
than I do. If we have to drug her and stick her in a prison until the end of their stay, so be it. You tell me what needs to be done and we’ll do it.”
“I tried half a dozen other things and nothing worked,” Tony said. “You were just as stubborn then as you are now, and reasoning with a stubborn six-year-old is rarely effective. I didn’t know what to do. You were so unhappy, and it was all my fault. I was the one who thought first grade would be a good point to separate the two of you, give you your own space, and it had worked well for Peter but you weren’t adjusting and I thought, wow, six years in and she’s going to be emotionally scarred for life because I screwed this up. I wasn’t sleeping and
“Please eat something, Kate,” James pleaded. He was fairly certain she hadn’t eaten anything at all since they’d arrived.
“Peter and Kate were accidents,” Antonella said. “Just the same as this one.”
else?” 3490 Steve asked. Maria shook her head. “Verbal response, Hill.”
. That was a
“You’re being sent overseas, aren’t you?” Kate asked quietly.
“Unfortunate,” the older boy said. “Ready to go?”
“No, I get that, but—
. He should have known him better, known him well enough to know that he didn’t like baseball anymore, or at least had no desire to come to a game. Dad didn’t know him well.
“I think you just won the election, Mr. President,” Steve said.
“You know you never really answered my question,” 3490 Tony said.
, lay off,” Barton said, teasing.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
“Don’t fucking touch my brother, Francis,” Kate snarled. “This is between me and him and it isn’t any of your business.”
“Yes,” Kate replied. Out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw 3490 Tony gently pull apart Kate’s eyelids to check her eyes more thoroughly.
“…Why?” Peter asked cautiously.
“Get underground,” James said. He looked at his watch. Three minutes had passed, and he still had to find the powered Avenger kids. “Where are the others? Torrun, Francis, Azari, Billy, Teddy?” Peter pointed. They were fighting on the roof of a building. Brilliant. “Peter, you get them and meet me at the entrance to Sixth Avenue mall, you understand? You have two minutes or we’re going to have to leave without you all.”
. Metal
Kate began to
“You’ve got any ideas I’m sure the faculty and the rest of us will be open to hearing them,” he said. Francis and Kate walked into a new classroom, and Peter followed behind. There were different students in this one, though some of them were the same.“What’s this class?” Peter asked, still trying to process the information Francis had given him. He had never, in all his years talking with Kate about the Academy, happened upon this deep-seated rivalry. He guessed she’d talked around it on purpose, but he didn’t know why.
“S-sorry,” Steve spluttered. “I uh, I thought—” The naked man on top of Tony was slowly starting to turn, not quite comprehending what was going on, too caught up in a haze of lust. Steve shut the door quickly before he could gain any more consciousness. Steve pressed a finger to his earpiece.
“James, Kate, take your teams and start pushing these guys back towards the breach over the ice. Down as many as you can but focus on the ones with the guns with the blue on the sides—those are the vaporizers. The other ones just hurt bad. Anybody who flies, get in the air; if you see anyone straying off from the herd of them, pick them off,” Steve ordered in response.
you were just running from the Latveria incident, too,” Steve snapped. “And now Tony is—Tony is dead. And SHIELD is a mess and you’re hiding out in
If there was one moment when you were guaranteed to catch 3490 Tony sitting still, it was while she drank her morning coffee. Tony always found that funny since he never bothered to sit still for coffee. 3490 Tony seemed to find it—at least the first coffee of the day—a sacred ritual. Usually, though, her husband was up and drinking coffee with her, which is why Tony was surprised to find her in the kitchen alone at five in the morning, fully dressed for work. Tony ignored her initially, pouring himself a cup of coffee for himself first. It wasn’t until after his first sip that he spoke.
“But—no—but, wait, I’m supposed to—“ Tony protested.
Four things happened at once. In the first, Kate, in her search, finally found Francis. She also inadvertently found Torrun, who was attached to his mouth. In the second, 3490 Tony and Steve were in an embrace, their lips about to touch. In the third, James clapped Peter on the back and congratulated him on his bravery for clinging to the side of Stark Tower. In the fourth, there was a violent explosion somewhere in the Tower.
“You both can go—just ask the ceiling where to go, JARVIS will tell you—I know how that sounds don’t look at me like that—JARVIS will tell you where your rooms are,” Senator Stark said, waving his hand. “This is Pepper—we have business to discuss. Pepper, this is Agent Romanov and Agent Giggles—
his upper thigh, hoping to stem the bleeding. The man’s face was grey, and his eyes were rolling about. “You’ll be ok, yeah? Just listen to my voice, ok? Stay with me, man, stay with me.” He held the man firmly by his shoulder, keeping him in an upright position. But who knew how much blood he had lost before James had arrived? James knew that if it was the femoral artery he’d cut, he had only minutes left, if that. He popped his head up over the car. He saw only chaos. There were no ambulances. There were no doctors. The Avengers were busy.
was ineffective,” Jeanne said, and Kate figured this girl really had some serious issues to work out. She came at her again, but this time Kate was ready. She stepped aside, grabbing one of Jeanne’s arms and wrenching it behind her. Kate heard a
an energy source, right?” Clint asked.
it to you in the midst of battle—“
“I’ll get Teddy, Kate,” James said quickly. “I’ll get him.” Kate regarded him and her wailing subsided a bit. Jane’s eyes got wider.
“How dare you question my masculinity,” Peter replied.
So when everyone dispersed after dinner, Tony followed Peter.
. Of course, how could she not? Tony just waved him off, screwdriver in hand, interrupting what he was going to say.
“I’m not leaving you,” Peter said firmly.
the both of you to your bitter ex-wife who essentially stole your son away from you? How fucking
“Antonella is gone, but Antonella was never the better
“Oh. I guess. Uh. Look—I had a talk with Antonella. The night before? And, uh, she said some things. Some things I think you should know, but I don’t know if you would want to hear,” Tony said. 3490 Steve looked like he was bracing himself. He had set his hand upon a desk. “I uh—I asked my St—my universe’s Steve about it and he said he would want to know in your shoes.” 3490 Steve just looked pained. It was an expression he seemed to carry often these days.
“Doesn’t—doesn’t mind control seem a little far fetched?” Pepper asked, looking ill.
“I’ve got to say, that vacant expression thing is really disconcerting,” her double said pointedly. “I still can’t believe your brain is essentially a PC. That must have taken guts to do to yourself. Anyway, I keep thinking about that conversation we had and more about—about why you got married in the first place.” Tony sighed and shut down the things she was doing with Extremis, rejoining the here and now. Her double’s expression was earnest, which was odd on him. She fought off the urge to tell him sarcastically that she had nothing better or more important to do than play psychiatrist with an even more emotionally constipated version of herself. She was not the touchy-feely type, and her double even more so. If he wanted to talk it was because he
“Oh? What about? Is everything ok?” Tony asked. She didn’t know if she could handle it if the other ‘verse was having problems they expected her to solve, too.
“Game Over,” an electronic voice declared. “Time: Twenty Minutes, Eight Seconds. Deaths: One Player, Blue Team, Four Deaths, Red Team. Winner: Blue Team.”
“I don’t think you could have from the start,” Steve soothed her. “These things just have to run their course sometimes.”
“Cookies. We’re making cookies. You know. For Santa,” Peter intervened. Agent Hill arched one perfectly sculpted eyebrow.
Of course she was here, for him. Of course. She was even sporting a baby bump, as if time had passed for her, too. She looked five, maybe six months along. Steve knew what he must look like, stuck up at the pulpit, unmoving and unspeaking, the story going unfinished as the crowd began to react, to gasp and murmur at why he’d stopped. Steve, for one, wasn’t entirely surprised he’d gone mad. If anything was ever going to drive him there, it was going to have been the last couple of months. He could weather anything with Tony by his side—without her, his ability was definitely in doubt. It made sense to him, that his mind had decided to just bring her back. Steve just opened his mouth, ready to finish the story, when his daughter stood up so fast she was nearly a blur and shrieked,
“What do you mean ‘where do we stand’, Capsicle? We stand at the crossroads of ‘completely fucked’ and ‘totally fucked’ just like we did the last time we had a little team get together,” Tony said. Steve frowned at the nickname but he had to admit that Tony had a point, vulgarity aside. They were still between a rock and a hard place.
“JARVIS?”
“Banner was finishing an experiment but will be up shortly,” Maria reported, putting the red plastic briefcase on a nearby table for Tony to pick up. Maria wasn’t looking at Tony, however. Her eyes were locked on her white-faced double across the way.
“I guess,” Tony relented, but she didn’t sound pleased about it. “I’ll apologize to the alts later. None of them are hurt?”
“Yeah, yeah, yuck it up buttercup,” Tony said.
“Somebody’s always making weapons, Tony. If it wasn’t your bomb, it would be Hammer’s, or one from some other country,” Steve said.
“So, what are everyone’s plans for the day?” 3490 Tony asked.
. “And because he has moral standards so high I have no idea how he doesn’t fall off them and break his neck. He’s judgmental and annoying and stubborn as
“What—?” he managed to say.
“We killed them. All of them. And we tossed their remains back into their own charred universe. It was brutal. Animal. I took off my own double’s head with my shield. Is that what you wanted to know? Is that what you wanted to hear?” 3490 Steve asked coldly. Steve felt a chill from his words go up his spine. Could he become this person that he saw before him? Was it possible? Would he inevitably become him? Or were they different people all together? He wished he knew. When Steve got his voice back he said,
“Pete. Pete,
God help them, indeed.
still need to cross that hallway, but he figured he’d wait a minute until he was sure they were gone. That was until, of course, their voices got loud enough to overpower the music from his new spot.
“So do I have your permission to come back?” he asked. Tony took a breath.
,” she said. She stood up, brushing herself off. “My joint’s dead. And I have ballet in an hour anyway so I should probably get ready. But thanks. Good luck with your, uh, tree.” She turned to walk away, then paused, and spun around. She didn’t say anything.
Steve had spent the last few months admiring the skills of this young girl (even if he did not understand her, really, even if he disapproved of some of her actions). But it struck him then, that he was staring down at a sixteen year old. She hadn’t even finished high school yet. Hell, even back in the war you had to be eighteen to join up—or you could be seventeen, if your parents consented, but you’d never see combat. But this girl, barely old enough to drive, had been fighting in live combat for the past two months, had been leading, and here they were again, about to go right into the heart of war.
Kate was not Tony’s daughter. Kate’s health should not have any impact on Tony. Yet Tony found himself with a racing heart and panic in his veins as they sat outside the child’s room. He didn’t know the girl well. She was snappy and obnoxious and extremely vapid in Tony’s opinion and he wasn’t particularly fond of her. But there was some primal instinct kicking in inside Tony’s heart. There was unconditional love and affection there that Tony recoiled from but could not prevent. It was already there, always
—we’re only ever a few steps away. You need something? We’ll try to help,” 3490 Tony said. She grinned. “You grew on us, too. Like mold.”
“You can’t disagree! I know it’s what you think, what everybody thinks. I know everybody on our team is looking at her and thinking
“Because you didn’t have to. You’ve never
just then, and then glanced over to her laptop, which presented surveillance trained on the other Avengers team. They were still processing the whole ‘thrown into another universe thing’, and from what she could hear they were still trying to figure out why in the hell one of their young agents went rogue and sent them to 3490. “All right, I could probably sit and talk to you on the phone all night but I’m going to hang up now because A) I think my job entails actually monitoring the situation at hand, B) I haven’t seen this season of
“Chuck them back into their universe as soon as we’re able. Tomorrow, if we can, or the next day,” she said.
“STOP! Just stop! You’re so full of bullshit! You don’t know what I’m feeling!”
“PTSD is a bitch,” Tony said after a few moments. “You could talk to someone about that. There’s medication, too, though you never know how that’s going to react to your metabolism. Still could be worth a shot.” Young Steve frowned at her.
yet, and C) I think the phone sex I’m really tempted to start would be wildly inappropriate for the workplace.”
was really a thought—who
Robert Farrell - Rocket Racer
armed anyway). Both Thors had already transformed using their hammers (though how that worked for MCU Thor considering the whole crossing universes thing, James had no idea), their Hulk was on the ground, teaming up with the Thing, though MCU Banner looked like he was doing his best to hold it together. Wolverine had taken out plenty of hostiles already. Everybody who flew—Storm, Thors, Noh-Varr, Vision, Johnny Storm, Sam Wilson, Janet Pym, Wanda Maximoff, and Carol Danvers—had already taken to the air, getting the potential AIM agents off of the rooftops and out of the buildings in which they’d taken cover.
terribly fond of, he had to admit; he was a hard kid to dislike), but his double, and even to an extent 3490 Steve, who was so much more
“I think I’ve fucking listened to
. James smiled that way when he was ten and he got back from a full day of playing at the ball park with Steve, just the two of them. But it wasn’t a smile specific to the Rogers. Bruce knew that smile because Lyra wore it when she won her first science fair, because Brian wore it when he got his acceptance letter to MIT. And in that moment, with Peter grinning at him, happy to share this moment with them, Bruce felt an incredible pang of sadness. Because he doubted if his double would ever know what it was to recognize that smile in the face of your child.
“I’ll slow you down,” James said, his blue eyes imploring. “
It was a testament, Steve thought, to just how compromised he was, precisely, that he only nodded mutely. He put up no fight whatsoever. He didn’t yell or rage that he had to get AIM for what they did to Tony, he didn’t try to argue that he’d only made
Tony stood in his workshop as per usual, but as Agent Romanoff left and Steve entered, the senator turned down the obnoxiously loud music to a dull roar and looked at Steve squarely.
. If they wanted to kill us, why haven’t they done it by now? They’ve given us the benefit of the doubt for as long as we’ve been here. They’ve trusted us. I think we should do the same for them now. We’ll
risk, not just to you, not just to Steve but to your
“AKA the Normals versus the Legacies. You and me and Kate? We’re like…to the kids who have to
“YOU WEREN’T EVEN SUPPOSED TO BE OUTSIDE THE BUNKER! POT, KETTLE CAPTAIN,” MCU Tony yelled. They had been yelling for—Peter had no idea, actually, but it didn’t seem like they’d stopped arguing since they’d left the field thirty minutes ago. They probably hadn’t. That would be pretty par for the course for Tony Starks and Steve Rogers.
“Why are you all looking at me like that?” he asked, bewildered. They all turned back to their breakfasts and conversations quickly. A little
He did what he could not to think about her. On Tuesday he had gotten wise to his own emotions and started avoiding the woman. She was married.
“I hate to admit it considering how
“Right. Of course. Good night,” Steve said. The others said their goodbyes, and then they were out the door. James, Kate, and Peter were alone with their father, their family feeling much smaller than it should. James could feel one single question that was pressing in on all of them. He could tell Kate and Peter wanted to ask, but they were deferring to him. He could tell his dad was bracing for the question. It was a question that James had avoided asking for thirteen years.
“Then,” Natasha said, putting her elbow on the table and resting her face in her hand, “we’ll just have to make his job even harder. Hill put the wine glass to her lips.
AIM uniforms, which meant, more than likely, they were HYDRA.
“I’m ready to be done with all this,” Steve said with a sigh. All of the Avengers from their universe, with a plus one of Kate, sat in seats in the back of a SHIELD aircraft, already most of the way to Sokovia. The plan, as outlined by Fury, had been rather simple. Nobody was ‘playing 5D chess here’ as Clint had joked (whatever that meant). They were, instead, going to knock on the door while a small subset of them snuck around back.
“A—what?” Steve asked, baffled. “Light what?”
“The Avengers will come with me. I’ll slip them nanites in…scrambled eggs? Waffles? Muffins? Something breakfast-y, it’s almost breakfast isn’t it? I am
“No,” said Tony.
,” 3490 Hawkeye insisted. Tony and Steve didn’t need to be told twice. Steve grabbed his upper arm leading him along their stealthy route behind overturned vehicles and other debris to Natasha and Clint. Steve didn’t even need to speak when they reached them, just gestured to move out and then they were all headed out and away from the disaster zone.
. And now she was punishing him for what, kissing another girl when he didn’t have any interest in her to begin with? But she couldn’t deal with her mistake, yet another mistake, so Francis would just have to go. The door to the bedroom opened. James came in. He looked monumentally pissed off as he took in the scene.
Steve, when we first met. Only I had the advantage of meeting him when we were both young. We had a lot to learn from each other, and I’m glad we did. I’m not half as good at anything as I am when I’m doing it with him,” she said. “I can’t speak to your Steve necessarily but, I know that I thought the guy was judging everything I was doing until I found out that a lot of that was in my head. He’s really much more open and understanding than you’d guess for a guy raised in the 20s and 30s. And he’s sharp as a tack too, learns very quickly—eidetic memory. He’s—you’re right about the moral thing, he does have high standards. But they’re the
,” mature Tony replied. “And I for one—hey, is that Wolverine in the garden?” The garden, of course, was displayed by the window off to the left. Female Tony, after having said her piece, ducked to the right and ran. Unfortunately, mature Steve was neither gullible nor slow. Female Tony squawked as he caught her around the middle and lifted her up.
“So. Back to business. How much freedom do you have in the Triskelion?” Natasha asked.
He would hardly remember, however, to ask about the magician woman and her robot husband, as shortly after them the last arrivals came in through the door—Natasha, and a man who was unmistakably Bucky Barnes.
His own mother had only just recovered from cancer at the time, and he recalled, watching Cassy, being grateful that it wasn’t him, wasn’t his family, wasn’t his parent in the casket. He wondered, as he walked up the church aisle next to his sister, dressed head to toe in black, an all-too-solemn expression on his sixteen year old face, if Cassy was somewhere here now in the pews. He didn’t look for her though. He didn’t look out at any of the faces really, because he knew the faces would be grim, and sad, and teary-eyed, and if he saw any wobbling lips in his direction, looks of sympathy and empathy and pity, he’d start weeping openly then and there.
. I don’t know why, but what I do know is that 3490 decided, instead of just handing me over, to send us to this safe house so they wouldn’t find me. Why? Why would they do that if they wished any of us harm?”
every morning, and you will
“Right,” Tony said. “I just—”
“ABBA!” Tony shouted as a song Steve didn’t recognize came on. She laughed, a beautiful, musical laugh, and turned to the Commander. “MIT, January 11 1991—Oh, God.” The Commander just laughed.
. I’m pretty sure I’ll believe you,” Kate said.
it violated civil liberties, and was afraid of what superhuman registration could mean one day. But the alternative was unacceptable to me. We worked it out, but there was a period of time when I thought we wouldn’t. We could come to blows over it—literal blows, I knew. We were an inch away from an actual civil war. But you know what I realized, on the day when I thought it was really going to happen, that we were really going to go to
“Tiny prank,” mature Tony admitted. “
“Any plan?” Kate asked her brother through the comms.
“Suit up,” he said.
They were in central park. Steve had no doubt they had been followed, or were being tracked, or both. Probably both. Steve knew Hawkeye was keeping an eye out, trying to see if they could spot their tail.
“Shut up,” Tony replied affectionately. “I’ll talk to you in…I don’t know. Maybe ten hours or so, Bruce is working on setting up the computers to do all the work, and once they’re going we’ll have an exact time.”
“One of the good earths, then,” he said. This led Tony to wonder whether or not there were actually universes which did not have pancakes and how Peter might have come upon this information, but the boy began to speak before he could ask. “How about lightsabers? Got any of those? I’m trying to design one, using a mirror controlled by a magnetic field that would bounce the laser between another mirror in the hilt, giving it form and limit, but it’s really not the
had to stay with the alternate of her father just in case something terrible were to happen. This time the job fell to Kate. They sat on the couch, their eyes trained on the flat screen that streamed CNN live, their helicopters catching as much of the battle in the streets as they could. It only gave them a blurry idea of what might be happening, and Kate found it worried her more seeing it than not.
Honestly, a big part of the reason I didn't finish this out back in 2014 were these ending fight scenes. I really struggle to write action. I don't necessarily enjoy it. It's important to the story, and it needs to be here, but I would have rather skimmed it. Can't skim the big battle though. I hope it lives up to any expectations.
“Well, we’ll just have to keep them relatively calm then,” Tony said. She sat back on the couch. The other Steve and Tony were engaged in a rather heated argument. “My counterpart won’t be an issue. Scariest part about him is his hacking ability and he won’t be able to crack my systems. I’ll make sure of that. He hasn’t got Extremis anyway, so that makes things easier, and frankly, personality-wise I don’t think he ever left the nineties.”
It didn’t appear that anyone had invited Francis to dinner, but no one seemed to mind. In fact, it seemed to be expected. Steve was reminded of Bucky’s parents, who had always insisted that he stay for dinner until the day that he finally just stayed without asking permission first. They had been like family. It was clear that for Francis, this was a second home. Despite Steve’s initial impression of Francis, it was also clear that his relationship with Peter was not a generally hostile one. He teased him a bit, but it was no worse than anything Steve had seen Kate inflict, and certainly not a quarter as harsh as James’ “teasing”. Peter didn’t seem to mind much and mostly referred to Francis as birdbrain throughout dinner.
“The hell, did somebody slip us all truth serum?” Tony demanded.
“I had one,” Steve offered. “They’re good.”
(AKA, the start of the end for the
if you had
“So you took three unnecessary turns and were about to take another when you know perfectly well that there’s a bathroom attached to your guest room?” he asked.
It was all amplified, Peter felt, by all the other tensions in the bunker. None of the other kids ever spoke the words “Iron Man”. Peter would sometimes encounter Billy and Teddy and Tommy and Francis gathered together, talking quietly and then loudly changing the subject the moment Peter entered the room. Talking about what had happened at the tower had somehow become Off Limits around the Rogers kids, in an unspoken agreement that Peter certainly hadn’t had anything to do with. To him, it felt more like walking on eggshells. Avoiding a topic wouldn’t make it go away. Pretending nothing had happened wouldn’t bring his mother back. Not only was there
“I was
“What I heard in that office. Did you or did you not humiliate that boy?” Dad asked. James stepped closer, and peeked around the corner. He could see his little brother shifting his weight around and nodding a bit.
research on the Einstein-Rosenberg bridge from Earth to Asgard and it’s similar work. I’m telling you, if we move through the universes again while it’s still unstable we risk shattering them all.” Steve’s stomach twisted with unease. They really
going to die here. He was
“Tony—no, Tony, he was giving me my shield
Of course, he didn’t know how to talk to Tony. He had never begun a friendly conversation with the other man. They had nothing in common, nothing
“Well
“But we don’t need to let them lead,” Torrun said firmly. James nodded in agreement. “But
was without the Captain America moniker hanging over his head.
Captain America.”
out the door.
“I don’t know. They all seem quite…”
This one I wrote that fall too. You can tell, because there are still enthusiastic Game of Thrones references.
“So, no big developments huh? Well, that can be good—“ Steve said, standing up to take care of his dish. The table seemed to be breaking up from the meal. James stood quickly.
an arrow. That sounds about right.”
“That—came out wrong, admittedly. I just—did you plan on that?” Antonella’s answering death glare was reply enough. “Ok, so why are you
“How?” Steve couldn’t help but ask. “How are you
scary, realistically James knew that if it came to a fight, he would lose. That just pissed him off even more.
“I understand,” Steve said, thoroughly humiliated. “I think I’ll just be going now.” Tony nodded.
leave him alone with not just the Red Skull but also a handful of Hydra goons. Fortunately, none of them seemed much inclined to shoot at him when he was in such close quarters with the Red Skull, but he did see them running towards him, ready to try and overwhelm his position. Or maybe just trying to avoid the collapsing hall. It was speeding up in its decay now, rushing towards them at the back of the hall at an alarming rate. Before Steve had to worry much, though, about the agents about to set upon him, Iron Man swooped back in through the window and hit them with is repulsers, taking them out one by one before landing next to him.
Clint looked at Natasha. Natasha looked at Clint. She knew they both held the same question—what was happening in eighty-three seconds? Clint nocked an arrow but did not loose it. Natasha brought up her guns. The sound from the non-battle was almost deafening, with the red ammunition hitting the barrier with a sound like glass breaking and dissolving (they must not fear wasting bullets, Natasha noted, if they fired still), the soldiers shouting, and thunder cracking overhead and lightning landing on the ground, discouraging the soldiers from moving to the sides or jumping in the river.
for you—super soldier genes improve
“I’m sorry, I thought
It was strange, hearing the loud, high-pitched alarm going off. For all the emergencies Steve had sat through in this universe, he’d never heard an
standards. I promise, he’s not judging you because you sleep around. If he judges you at all it’s probably on how you act in the field, or how he perceives you spend your money—he was eleven when the Great Depression hits, he’s not a fan of big business or spending wastefully. Sometimes it’s still something we argue about.” Antonella shrugged.
“How are you feeling James?” Steve asked softly. James winced.
Steve didn’t have a good answer to that. Apparently neither did any of the rest of them. Kate raised an eyebrow.
“Ok, I don’t like this new Peter, this doesn’t-tell-me-shit-and-is-an-ass Peter. Give me back my brother.
Takashi (Taki) Matsuya - Wiz Kid
“Well,” her father sighed after a moment passed, “We’ll need to—”
“Hey, have you seen Kate?” James asked.
“DEAD,” Azari, James, and Peter all yelled at once. James jumped back down into the pond, grinning.
“No.”
“‘Cause,” James said. “Then you’d—you’d see differently.” Peter didn’t know if his brother wasn’t making sense because of the pain or because he just wasn’t.
,” the young man said. “No way she survived that building collapse.”
They pulled up into the parking lot of a nice looking school. There was a fence around the edge, but that seemed mostly due to the fact that the students were allowed outside, rather than any sign that it was a penitentiary atmosphere. There was a nice set of picnic tables off to one side, and some students appeared to be having lunch. Other students, however, populated a scene Tony was not unfamiliar with. Tony opened the door to the car and stood up as the other avengers peered out the window.
to do,” he said.
“Ok, but can you really
“Well? After you, Captain,” Tony said with a raised eyebrow. Steve smiled at him but chuckled. He held out a hand instead.
, James.” The banging sounds were getting louder.
,” Kate demanded again.
“Rocket—you could have ended up there. But everybody here knows how
“M—ma’am?” came the choked reply. For a moment, Tony was confused and did not abandon her position. But then the morning fog cleared, and she let go of the poor boy, laughing.
“You’re painting me?” Kate asked, a bit astonished. It wasn’t that he never had, of course. There were plenty of paintings of her as a little girl, plenty of paintings of mother and Peter and James and even some of Bernie, his first wife, and Peggy, his first love. There were paintings of Bucky and war heroes Kate had never known, paintings of Granddad, who had died so many years before Kate had ever been born. Her father painted people important to him, and Kate had always been on that list. But he hadn’t painted her in a good long while, long enough that Kate had never seen herself painted as a teen.
to spend weekends studying strategy or learning tae kwon do or getting thrown to the floor by a sparring partner twice your age? Who didn’t have to spend years having teachers spew ‘you’re the future of our nation’ shit at you? You’ve always gotten away with more, too. When
“You’re coming with us, Nick,” Steve said coldly. “Don’t make me drag you out.”
You’re grounded. Mom will
That might not always be true. But Steve? He was going to fight like hell to make it so.
“Are—are you—you’re not drunk?” he asked.
. Tony didn’t know what dosage Kate had taken, but she knew that too high of one could kill her. Tony sighed, putting her head in one hand. She’d worked so hard,
where did
“I can’t tell you it wasn’t your fault. I can’t tell you that it’s ok because it was an accident, or that there weren’t better alternatives. But I can tell you this, Peter—if you didn’t stop him, more innocent people would have died. You took a life, but you saved others. Let that ease your mind tonight,” MCU Steve said gently. “If you can, I think you should get cleaned up. Then get some rest.”
One wouldn’t do it. Kate knew that. All she wanted was something to help her forget her life for a few hours, something to make her feel like every other average kid. But Kate couldn’t get drunk, and drugs were tricky. For them to have any effect at all, there had to be a lot of them hitting her system, all at the same time. Tudo had said
. You think I’m
“He’s not picking up,” Nat said. Steve swore under his breath.
in front of that bullet. I would’ve been dead. Instantly. And he didn’t even think about it. He just jumped. Even after all that.”
“Well, good thing she gave me a spot at the Tower downtown, huh?” Alt Tony said. “Put on some real clothes kid—let’s go solve the puzzle of
Other Barton!” Steve commanded. “You aren’t
“Aim, Kate,” he said. “Aim has nothing to do with your strength and everything to do with your strength of
“If I’d wanted eggs, I’d have gotten them myself, Barton,” Kate said. Without looking she knew there was a pout on Francis’ face.
“N-no,” Peter stuttered. He had heard his mother yell before, of course, but she had never actually yelled at
“No electrocuting mortals,” Dad replied.
’ contained her plea for him to return to bed. She was moving to kiss his lips, but as she saw his face from the front and about half an inch away, she noticed a bright red blush.
Tony felt her stomach plummet, and a horrible terror overwhelmed her senses momentarily. It may have been another very brief anxiety attack, to which Tony had been prone ever after Afghanistan. Her heart felt like it had stopped, and then it felt as if it would beat out of her chest. He was leaving her. He was well and truly leaving her, leaving her alone forever. He was leaving her, with her two children to watch over, with one on the way even if he didn’t know it, doing everything he’d sworn never to do, breaking every promise he’d ever made, doing everything Tony had ever been afraid of. She’d grown too codependent. She couldn’t do this alone, not anymore, and especially not
“No,” Tony said, feeling sick in a way that she knew had nothing to physically do with the pregnancy. “Just, uh, distracted. Checking e-mails.” She gave him an insincere but charming smile. “Much more interesting than boring, everyday tasks.” His funny look didn’t cease, but he kept walking anyway. Tony forced her legs forward. She wondered if there were any tests she would be able to perform to figure out if the baby was going to be born with her Extremis enhancements or not. She hoped to
Shit.
“Uh, well, yeah,” Peter said. “I mean, haven’t found anything I couldn’t stick to yet.”
Slowly, ever so slowly, the cars that were moving came to a stop as their engines cut. The city gradually quieted, with car horns no longer blaring and alarms shutting off. Stuff was still on fire, but at least Tony’s ears weren’t bleeding anymore. 3490 Clint lowered his bow as 3490 Steve finally approached his wife, holding her in his arms as her armor melted back under her skin, leaving her in a simple tee and leggings. Out of armor, Antonella looked fragile, like she could barely keep herself on her feet. Tony could tell that her cheeks were wet, and she was still shaking. 3490 Hawkeye regarded Tony and Steve.
had cracked ribs and was getting beaten up at school and they were none the wiser and Tony wondered if they’d even
James Rogers – 22, born in 1994 -> Steve Rogers/Bernie Rosenthal Rogers
, Kate. Dad would be so pissed if you knew before he did,” James said. “I’ll tell everyone at dinner. Assuming that they’re here, of course.” Kate regarded him for a long while.
. He did, and got a little woozy.
“I think you’re really misreading Happy here.”
“So no secret girlfriend, huh?” Tony asked, hours later.
there’s some
danger somewhere else. 3490 Steve rose from the chair.
“You’re
been there, and it was horrifying to realize how much he cared about this family that was not his.
“Oh, because he has the best abs I’ve ever seen. Why do you
friendly alts.” He ticked them off on his fingers. “Better safe than sorry.”
“I’m not going to torture the man, Banner,” Tony said. “I told you. Not that power mad just yet. Besides I have another, less painful way of getting exactly what I want.” Bruce stilled, then eyed Tony carefully.
. But Kate felt tears coming to her eyes again.
floor blowing out, the tower coming down, people running and screaming, people dying, hazel eyes—would never let him. He wondered that night if he would ever sleep again.
Overall, despite the situation, the Other Avengers appeared to be taking the situation well. Tony wondered if she’d have to revise that assessment when Team Two met Team One—but, thankfully, that was for another day. When dinner was over, Other Steve began the movement with the Other Avengers to take the dishes this time. Tony tried to explain that all they had to do was put them in the sink because they had a maid service, but Other Steve was deaf to this. Tony didn’t mind—if they wanted to make less work for the maids, that was fine by her. As she stood in the kitchen, feeling a bit useless and out of place, she felt strong arms wrap around her. She smiled and turned around, never breaking out of his hold. Tony wrapped her arms around her husband’s neck.
get hold of it? And
“It could just be off, Tony,” he said. Antonella shook her head vehemently.
“And what are you, Kate Rogers?” Jeanne asked.
“You know what I meant,” he said. He rubbed circles on the back of her palm gently with his thumb. “Are you still feeling sick?”
“I don’t even
“How long do we have before shit hits the fan?” MCU Clint asked.
you?” Steve demanded. Here Fury was, in “hiding” in
“Whatever. So what was it?” she asked.
“With all due respect, sir, I’ve trained my entire life for this,” James said. “I’ve never known anything but military school, never done anything else. Men with less training and fewer qualifications have gone out to Dwyer and done fine jobs serving their country. I wish to do the same, and I will. Sir.” The last
Stark didn’t ask him any questions the rest of the evening.
“As a non-superpowered person I’m siding with Natasha on this one,” Pepper said, to Steve’s surprise. “We don’t know what they’re capable of, or what they’re going to ask us for in return.”
“Are you going to kiss me or not?” she demanded.
? Who can we trust here who has the knowledge we would need?” Jane demanded.
“No, if you did it would be less impressive,” Bruce said, arching an eyebrow. “Go home before you fall over. You can’t tell me you could actually operate the suit like this—you’re bordering on a liability right now.”
and maliciously putting two explosive materials together to destroy the school’s chemistry lab! And not only that, there’s a world of difference between accidentally causing an explosion and
“Oh, I’m just on my way to the bathroom,” Tony said, before berating his choice. 3490 Steve raised an eyebrow.
“You’re done when I say you’re done,” her mother said, crossing her arms. “And this report card does not reflect the responsible young adult you want me to think you are. You’ve already gone back to training with Clint and Francis and the Academy. You can have French Club back, but you are
“No, they’re chickens, you’ve just been hypnotized into thinking they’re Alts. Yes, they’re Alts, moron,” Kate said. James put the safety back on and shoved the gun into the back of his pants.
There was a chorus of desperate ‘yes’s, and a few minutes later they were all settled at the cramped kitchen table, mugs of coffee in hand, while 3490 Steve and his son Peter made pancakes at the griddle. Peter passed them out as they became available, until everyone had a plate except his dad, at which point he yelled,
. I would much rather associate it with our
“I think it’s time you stop shouldering any blame for our relationship, James,” Dad said, putting a hand on his son’s shoulder. Peter had never been so curious in his life. “I think it’s time your brother and sister knew. If you want me to send away the others, that’s your call.”
.” 3490 Steve was frowning, though.
“You can teleport?” Bruce asked, genuinely surprised.
“You wouldn’t be
His dad gave him a long look. Peter looked back, making his expression as blank and innocent as he possibly could. But his dad knew what Peter looked like when he was lying, and Peter knew he knew it. His dad’s arm moved from one shoulder to the other, wrapping fully around him as he pulled him in for a one armed hug, squashing him to his side.
a good combination.
relax. Have a normal dinner. And Hill, you might want to
“CAP, ONE EIGHTY, NOW,” Iron Man’s voice called out, amplified somehow.
if I’d had sex?” Kate shrugged.
“Yeah, like maybe we could talk
“I don’t understand,” Tony said. She had no idea what was going on. She had no idea why they’d attacked, what they were trying to accomplish. His words would make more sense later, when she had her arms wrapped around her husband, when he whispered to her in horror that 525 had thought, in some twisted way, that they were doing
for the little kids. Most of the younger kids laid on the floor in their pajamas with blankets and pillows. There weren’t enough bedrooms in the bunker, so Tony knew they would be sleeping there again that night. Francis, Torrun, James, and some of the older kids had been busy passing out bowls of soup in little plastic disposable bowls to the younger kids. Steve handed him a bowl. Tony took it and looked down at the contents of the bowl. “Something wrong?”
“The EMP should have taken care of any of that,” he assured her.
“Nothing that would cause permanent or serious injury,” Mom said. “Remember to shout ‘dead’ if you get somebody in a position where you could have killed them in real life.”
since that last battle was—”
that she wasn’t. There was one woman that would always hold a place in his heart that she knew of for a fact. But she still felt sorry for this Steve, who had just lost one of his and had no idea if he would ever find another. “Thank you for sharing them with me.” Tony returned to the table. She put her hand on his, which visibly startled the man. She looked directly into his blue eyes, as she had done so many times before—and yet never before.
“I do not know,” Thor said. “The cube’s presence troubles me. I have not seen its like nor know its name. The tesseract is the only similar energy source I am aware of.” Steve figured that was not a good sign.
have a back-up system in case you slip or fall, you understand me?” she asked, fixing him with a hard stare.
. Peter got on his knees next to his brother.
“Tony,” he said in a low voice he hoped none of the other Avengers could hear (he wasn’t, really, ready to go
that you need to stay in the sky—taking the high ground is the first rule of battle strategy—aren’t you supposed to be some weapons genius? Surely you learned that at least
it when he got this way.
Peter sat in a corner of the room on the floor. He wasn’t as catatonic as Kate had been. He looked up when he approached, flatness in his expression. James had been annoyed earlier. He was still a bit annoyed. But he probably shouldn’t have taken that jab at Peter that he did. James knelt down and held out the soup. Peter took it, then met his eyes.
“What happened?” Tony asked.
“With all due respect Commander, she’s endangering the lives of civilians not to mention the property damage. Calm her down in the next sixty seconds or I’m firing the EMP,” 3490 Hawkeye said calmly. Looking murderous, 3490 Steve signed some things that were probably not very complimentary and threw out at least one sign that even Tony—and Steve—understood perfectly well. 3490 Clint seemed completely undeterred. 3490 Steve returned to conversing with his wife. Tony only caught a few words of the Italian (and why were they talking in Italian anyway? Did
“Unless they’re playing us very well,” Steve said darkly. Tony smirked.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. He has an essay due tomorrow. I don’t have an essay due tomorrow,” Steve said, aloof. “Start her up.”
“Soon, yes,” Dad agreed. “We’ve been getting reports from all over about strange incidents just like this. The 50 State Initiative seems to be handling things elsewhere, and there are plenty of countries out there with their own hero teams, but I think we’re going to get stretched thin here at the epicenter of it all. But first. If we’re going to be working together, then we need to trust each other. Completely.” He took a deep breath, and let it out before speaking again. “With James’ permission, I’d like to tell you all what
what is
“And the big threats are?” Dr. Banner asked.
Anya Sofia Corazon - Spider-Girl
kids. She did fine with kids. She’d stumbled her way through Peter and Kate’s childhoods, having had Jamie occasionally to practice on. She wasn’t a great mother, but she did ok. She loved her children, and Steve made up for her failings more often than not. But Peter had clearly been having problems at school that she had never noticed. Kate was having difficulties of her own that Tony didn’t understand. She wasn’t doing so great in the homestretch in raising teenagers to adults. She highly doubted she would do any better in a second round.
“KATHERINE ELIZABETH ROGERS!” was the only response from 3490 Tony that the kitchen could hear.
“Dad,
crying,” James ribbed him, even though his voice was still harsh.
“2013,” Other Tony supplied. Tony swiveled and turned to Other Steve.
, I just… I don’t like it. It’s feeling crowded in here,” he admitted. “They hear everything. They know
“It’s more efficient if everyone understands each other,” Commander Rogers disagreed politely. “I can’t think of any reason why a little training wouldn’t be welcome for all of us.” Steve had to bite his tongue to keep from disagreeing. His double was
“You all do what you have to, and I’ll help get that bridge constructed,” Jane agreed.
And oh, he was getting himself into trouble. He was getting himself into a
?” Fury asked.
“Never have I ever done pot. Contrary to popular rumor,” Bruce said pointedly to Tony. Tony just grinned and took her own ginger ale shot as three quarters of the circle drank—including Bruce’s alternate.
“All right, tell you what, I give you to the count of five and then I make the decision for you—which, of course, means that
“You don’t like baseball anymore, do you?” he asked. James looked like he was trying very hard not to roll his eyes.
“Hill mentioned that Alt Romanov showed up at the Triskelion yesterday morning,” Steve told his wife, running a hand through her long, dark hair.
. We need more Avengers. And we already have some extras from another universe! We’re just—we’re overwhelmed, Francis. You know it, I know it, and the enemy has to know it too. Maybe this was all their plan—just keep us busy with other stuff while they do whatever evil shit they have planned,” Kate said, sighing.
“Hey kiddo,” Tony said softly. “Can I come in?” Kate bit her lip and nodded. Tony entered the room. There was no other seating, so Tony took a seat on Kate’s bed and patted the space next to her. Kate walked over, her shoulders hunched and her expression resigned. She was sure she was about to be chewed out, Tony figured. Tony hated that. She drew up her feet so that they were on the bed, and Kate did the same. It took Tony a moment to find the words she was searching for.
this week,” Tony’s throat tightened, and the tears spilled over. “I haven’t known what to say, what to do—I feel like a horrible mother because I can’t be there for them, because the minute I try my strength will crumble and I
“It’s complicated.”
“Try and herd him towards the center of the warehouse,” James said. “I have a plan, but—”
“I do,” Kate replied. “Goodnight.”
“No, it’s because he always thinks he’s right,” Tony said.
, Captain. I see Erskine did not fret over much about the intelligence of his lab rat. When the tesseract cast me out into the universe, it cast me all over. I wandered, for decades, maybe centuries, seeing what all of the universes in their near infinity had to offer. And found them all wanting. I found this place, where the fabric of all space and time had begun to weaken, to rip and tear from the hubris of man, and here it is that I will tear it down and remake all of space and time in my image, with none of the
“A bit,” he agreed. “All right, a lot. But I—I brought my duffel with me because I was planning to—to ask your forgiveness and come home. I want to work through this. And it’s Christmas.”
There were never many presents under the tree, but Steve was grateful for what his mother managed. He was grateful that it was one of the few days of the year when his parents were guaranteed not to fight, his father was guaranteed not to be drunk, and for one day of the year, they could pretend that everything was perfect. And of course, later, Christmas with Bucky always had been. Where
, and decently successfully so.
“Landed on m’feet partially,” James spoke gruffly as Peter approached. James was on his side, his face ashen where it wasn’t covered in blood. Peter guessed it was a broken nose causing the ghastly sight. “Saved m’head. Not the legs. Right’s broken.” Peter reached over his brother, gently checking his spine for damage. He was relieved there didn’t appear to be any, but his heart still pounded with adrenaline. There was a small pool of blood forming beneath him.
“Ok, A) thanks, that’s unexpectedly cool of you, and B) if you call me ‘little miss’ ever again I will hand your balls to you on a silver platter, Captain America or no,” Kate said. There was a deadly serious look on her face, and Steve decided not to ever call her bluff on the off chance that it was
or something? Is that what all of you think? Well I’ve got some
Tony pouted. Pepper sighed. Often it occurred to her that her boss was a very large child. She had, long ago, convinced herself that this was all that Tony Stark could ever be, that it was an intrinsic, immovable part of himself and was, admittedly, part of his charm. But as mature Steve clapped his son on the shoulder and invited him to the garage to continue work on a bike they were fixing up together, the son he’d had with
“Yup,” Steve said. And that was all that was said on the matter until the 3490 kids came in to make breakfast of their own.
“I noticed that,” 3490 Steve said. “MGH, you think?”
still here Tony.”
“Thanks,” he said. He sounded truly grateful as he sat up. Torrun sat on the bed next to him. She watched him carefully. He sighed. “You’re going to lecture me, aren’t you?”
As it stood, he was in a coat that kept him warm enough, though he’d foregone gloves; he hated drawing with gloves on, and that was what he planned to do. He took a seat on a decorative stone bench and flipped the page in his sketchbook to a fresh one. He already knew what he was going to sketch, and it had nothing to do with the garden he was in. He started to sketch his best friend, as he remembered him. He was still in shock, despite the fact that it was Tuesday and 3490 Bucky had given him and Natasha the run down on Saturday. It was obvious he had been intensely uncomfortable. 3490 Steve sat with him, occasionally filling in when Bucky found it difficult to go on.
“Well I’m fresh out of border collies, anyone else have any ideas?” Iron Man responded. It was true, they were doing everything they could already to push the agents back. Well, except…
use the extra help,” female Tony said slowly, sounding almost reluctant. She glanced at her husband, asking some silent question. Steve was at first surprised by her reluctance, and then suspicious. When they had first arrived, their doubles had seemed very welcoming and very willing to accommodate them, happy to have them help out in whatever way they were comfortable with. Now, however, it was becoming increasingly obvious that
“Is it Steve or is it Steve?” Tony asked, without changing inflection or making any differentiation.
are you doing?” Steve asked, his throat a little dry. But obediently, he began to remove his leather jacket.
from his phone—I—I’ll find the last tower—” Antonella paused for a moment, her eyes moving even faster. It was freaky, really, and Tony stood frozen, watching in fascination. He wasn’t the only one—the other alts were watching closely as well, though many politely pretended to be up to something else. Antonella gasped sharply. “The last ping was—it was in Manhattan, but Steve, that was
“I’m just thinking of the mess that’s going to be waiting at home,” Pepper said, sounding more preemptively exhausted than anxious. “Have we all been declared dead? Figuring out how to navigate that with SI is going to be a
“You did what now?”
Fury had not been amused. He’d practically taken their heads off right then and there and threatened to do it, too, if they didn’t tell him exactly where they were from and what their mission was. Tony rather thought he was going a bit overboard.
and then she was gone—I checked upstairs, but I didn’t see her, so I came back down here—thought I missed her—but shit, James, that tattoo guy was gone when I went up there.”
Hulk could even
“Tell Dad—tell Dad I forgive him. Forgave him a long time ago,” James murmured. Peter’s heart leapt in panic.
“10-4,” James’ voice answered on the other end. “Red team in the sky, ETA sixty seconds.” Kate nodded her understanding—must have been a reflex, since James certainly couldn’t hear her.
They were silent on the way to the hospital. Bucky never was much for idle chit chat, and he was never great with word of comfort either—even less so after everything that happened to him. When they got to the hospital, Bucky dropped him off with a nurse. The staff checked him over first, quickly—a typical post-battle check-up. He was fine, physically. Despondency wasn’t something the doctors would diagnose. They led him to Peter’s room. Someone had already managed to clean him up a bit and set his leg. He was attached to all kinds of machines, but he gave his father a cheerful smile. Steve sat down, and his son made jokes and laughed even though he was clearly in pain, and it took time untold before he realized that Peter was attempting to cheer him up, somehow.
doing down—” Kate replied, but Peter stepped on her foot.
this time, Tony, I can’t believe—”
“Hogan’s a champion boxer,” Steve said, bewildered. Tony threw an arm around Steve as the elevator opened and steered him inside.
“I never said—”
“I’m…kind of afraid of the answers, Dad,” Kate said quietly, but it was the loudest thing that James had heard in years. Their father put a single hand on his face, massaging at his temple.
“You lose the key, Dad?”
what he’s pissed about.”
“There’s this great little place out in Brooklyn, open all night, it’s called Joe’s—very original name—it’s been around since the thirties or something and there are no better burgers anywhere,” Tony said. He clapped Steve on the shoulder as he pushed the button for the elevator. “You like burgers, right? Who doesn’t like burgers? That would be more than un-American, it’s inhuman.”
there was something up by the time I was taking off my jacket.”
“I still have a mother, you’re right about that. You know how much my mother loves me? She loves me enough to have run away with me to California because she couldn’t
“You said the F word,” Lewis Barton said with wide eyes. “Daddy said never to say the F word. But he says it all the time anyway.”
There was relief in that statement, even if a tiny, doubtful part of James had difficulty believing him. It was a relief to know for certain, after all these years, that at the very least it wasn’t personal.
“Take your time,” Peter said cheerfully, then returned his attentions to the other web shooter. Tony stood.
, Tony, on
before he’d skipped off to the kitchen to get some water bottles. Kate eyed the tablets on the table.
to let her live a normal life and figure her shit out on her own. I’d
a shit that you—“ Whatever the bald guy had been about to say, he cut off quickly. James could hear creaking and then a smack—the smack of the hatch falling open and hitting the ground on the other side of its hinge.
“But…you have those wedding pictures. I’ve
“You’re free to bring a guest, as well. You’ve got to have some girlfriend who’d love to get all dressed up and go dancing,” Stark said.
have enjoyed it, in retrospect it was kind of entertaining, throwing Tony Stark off a roof. He’d have to try it more often, whenever Stark got his blood pressure up. After closing the portal, the avengers still had the Kree to deal with—though it was a relief that they could no longer call for immediate back up. Many of them retreated, leaving on the spaceships they’d flown through the portal with. That was fine with Steve, though he eyed the sky warily, hoping they wouldn’t be back anytime soon.
. The alien was hit right in the stomach with a shield of red, white, and blue. Steve appeared on the roof just behind Tony, popping up over the side just in time to catch the shield which inexplicably boomeranged back to him.
“It’s not
“Kate!” her brother shouted from close by, calling her and Clint and Natasha to the fray as Iron Man disappeared again, presumably to go get his Steve. Kate could see the great hall crumbling from the outside now, and it looked like it was only increasing in speed. “
“It’s
“Take the picture, Parker,” said the nasty kid—whose name was apparently
“They’re not
, Tony thought. But it was more than that which had startled Tony. It was his whole face—the shape of his nose, the set of his eyes, the width of his brow. He looked remarkably like
As soon as the clock hit 6:45 exactly, all the kids were out the door—though where James disappeared to during the day, God only knew—leaving just the Avengers and their parents at the (far more peaceful) table. 3490 Steve left the table shortly after the children did to make a work related call, but everyone else still sat at the table, finishing coffee and making idle conversation.
“Show off,” she chided. He only grinned in response.
Tony didn’t realize he was pacing until he felt Steve’s hand on his shoulder, halting his progress. They were in the Triskelion, waiting in a conference room that wasn’t too far from the medical wing. Tony had already been treated—he wore a sling for his broken wrist and a butterfly band-aid on the cut on his forehead. Frankly, he was surprised that he hadn’t come out with worse considering he hadn’t had his armor on. All those training sessions with Steve had apparently paid off, even if he’d grumbled and groaned and protested when Steve had insisted on training him. He’d managed to disarm one of the goons pretty quickly and get his hands on a weapon—but of course he’d still gotten a little beat up in the process. He wasn’t the only one—Clint had broken his nose and was still in the medical wing, with Natasha looking over him, because he had a concussion. It was just him and Steve in the conference room, waiting for the others to join them, waiting to figure out their next move.
“All right,” Dad said, but Peter felt his father’s eyes on his back as he went. He felt his charade, the charade he’d carefully crafted in elementary school and been perfecting for years since, slowly cracking. He wondered what would be waiting for him when it finally broke.
“But the ground is
“Welcome, sir,” JARVIS spoke.
“And if that doesn’t work?” Bruce asked.
who should—
of Bucky. And while it was also most decidedly not a nude, well, the muscled, bare arms and the subject’s expression seemed rather suggestive to Steve, in retrospect.
to beat him up on a regular basis,” Tony said.
James was the first to break. Peter could see him, out of the corner of his eye, furiously wiping at his eyes with his sleeve until Kate started passing him tissues. Kate, for her part, looked stoically up at the priest as the mass went on. Kate, Peter thought, would outlast him, outlast them all. She’d been born with vibranium nerves; she could steel herself better than anyone he knew.
left—just as Antonella’s Steve had finally, apparently, left her.
“Yes, I do. You’re feeling sorry for yourself because you don’t have powers so you’re not ‘special’, boo hoo. And hey, go ahead, we all deserve to feel sorry for ourselves sometimes. God knows it’s practically all I do some days. But did you ever stop to consider that maybe what you thought made you
“It’s a gamble, Steve,” Natasha said.
alike,” Commander Rogers said coolly. “Did Peter help you?”
“Well?” Tony asked as soon as he arrived, but he seemed to be the only one who needed to ask—everyone else had taken in Steve’s expression.
things anymore, Pepperoni?” female Tony pouted. It was a pout that Pepper recognized, though she hadn’t seen it on female Tony before. Double Pepper raised one eyebrow.
“I know we have a lot to talk about,” Dad said.
“James? Why do you have a gun pointed at the alts?” Tony had never been more grateful to see a sixteen-year-old girl in his life, including after prom night. She came up behind him, still dressed in her school uniform.
“Banner you’re on standby right?” Steve asked into the comms.
, he’d told her once when she laughed and asked him why he’d kissed her there).
Of course, part of the reason why there was no one in the garden had to be the fact that it was horribly cold outside. Steve hated the cold. Everyone knew that he hated the cold. He didn’t feel it quite as much as others did, because he ran a little hot anyway, but whenever the Avengers had to go on a mission to any northern country in the winter time Steve wore several layers of long johns, the warmest coat he had, and bright blue earmuffs with a single white star sewn on either side which Tony had bought for him as a joke. He usually ended up sweating and hot by the end of the day, but he didn’t care. He’d rather feel like he was running through the desert than about to freeze to death. Or not to death as the case might be.
“Eleven?” Tony snapped. “The hell is on eleven that could blow up?”
child. Peter was always good. There had never been a question of raising him right, never a question of him disappointing his parents. To Peter, the words would be a punch to his gut. And
This chapter has held this title for seven years, so I didn't feel like changing it. In the original draft of the scene, which lived solely in my brain, it was a line Steve said somewhere in here. That the outcome, no matter what it was, felt like it wasn't worth it, because Tony was still gone. But the more I lived with this story, the more I realized that could never be true for this Steve Rogers, a Steve Rogers who very well may have, if necessary, given up his own son to save the world. No, I think what really wasn't worth it for Steve was all the fighting he did with Tony. It never really accomplished or resolved anything and in the end only took precious time away. So I've kept the title, with that in mind, even if in the scene it no longer crops up.
anymore?” She pushed forward past him, giving him a hefty shove as she went. She was heading for the garden as far as Steve could tell.
Natasha was about as bent on attacking him as he was on her—so much so that he could be certain she would continue to attack him even if he backed off. He did so, retreating, moving in other directions, leading her deeper into another area of the forest.
She headed down the halls, stopping only briefly to look at her faint reflection in a window to fix her hair. Not that it looked great anyway. She didn’t remember when last she’d had a chance to shower. She sighed. Well, she would just have to make do. And anyway, perhaps the harried Director slash wife slash mother slash superhero was just the part to play to earn the trust of these alts. She could play that easily enough. She took a breath and pushed open the door to the command deck.
? His tank top was far too tight on his body, and Tony had to wonder if he always wore those on purpose. Tony grunted in response. He was working on the plans he had by
“Bye, Mom,” Peter said cheerfully, giving a short wave. 3490 Tony crossed the short distance to him and kissed him on the cheek.
“We figured something like that,” Tony replied coolly. 3490 Steve’s eyes flicked only briefly to him.
he pointed with his free hand to Steve “—is
the air vent to vacate the place. A bit obvious for Romanov, but I suppose she was doing her best to avoid casualties. She hacked one of the computers and downloaded the file we made up for them,” Steve said. He traced circles on her back with his fingers, applying a light, soothing pressure. Tony closed her eyes.
“No, so that when Kate wakes up we’re not fighting in front of her face,” she said stoically. 3490 Steve seemed to agree with that at least, as he let Antonella lead him into an empty room across the way. They both must have realized that every pair of eyes in the hallway—Avenger, family, or not—was still following them, but it seemed to be a condition they were both used to. They shut the door behind them, but it didn’t help much. The Avengers, alternate or not, seated so close, could still hear everything even though it was a bit muffled.
Kate had never even needed the order.
“I’ve been promoted to Captain as well,” James continued, still standing. “I’ll be in charge of a fresh company going in.”
are you drunk?” Steve asked.
During the day, Steve spent his time out and about in New York. He liked to go to Central Park and sketch, though sometimes he perused local cafes to do the same thing. He was actually quite glad to be in New York—it was his home, after all, and occasionally he’d go and just walk around Brooklyn. But he’d only done that once thus far. It made him think of Bucky, and he didn’t want to think of Bucky.
were you rummaging through my
“Ha, no,” Tony said, keeping a sharp eye on the proceedings. “My running theory is that they’re
“And what did you think you were training for, the circus?” Kate asked. She looked out over the crowd. Francis saw a whole mix of expressions, not all of them good—but not all of them bad, either.
“No, Steven, there is no ‘accident or not’, there is a
The only other person who, like Peter, didn’t seem to be busy was his dad. Peter noticed him sitting at the counter on a bar stool, occasionally sipping at a cup of coffee that had probably long since gone cold and observing the proceedings. He looked a little—lost. There was something in how he stared at Kate and Francis picking through their arrows that seemed somehow distant, as if he didn’t really see them at all. Peter wondered what he was seeing instead, or if he wasn’t seeing anything at all.
Tony. You
“Growth spurt?” 3490 Steve considered. “Maybe. We’ll wait and see I guess. At least he’s ok. We’ll talk to him in the morning when he’s evened out a bit.” There was silence in the room, then Antonella burst out,
“You ok, Peter?” Gwen asked.
“Shh,” James told her. He was horrified to see her lip begin to wobble.
“Tell him yourself!” Peter demanded. He had no idea what James was talking about, but it was obviously important—the kind of thing you say when you’re
gaze. She looked between him and their father, and then gave him a soft, small smile. “Yeah, you know, we don’t really fully understand your powers yet, or your super healing. Makes sense. I’ll let everybody know you’re sitting this one out.” Peter nodded and stood. He headed over to the counter and he slid into the seat next to his dad. His dad looked up when he sat down and gave him a small smile. Put a hand on his shoulder.
as strong as vibranium, but it’s light and it’ll fend off bullets, so it should do for you for now.” Tony beamed at him. “So, what do you think?”
“The flight attendants will get pretty cross with you about that, I’m just saving you the hassle,” Senator Stark said, sounding a bit annoyed himself, which only further provoked Steve’s ire. What right did
“You mean what was
“But you’re not having fun,” Dad said. Peter hated that look that he had. It was
“You—you’d rather stay in New York even if I don’t win the election?” Tony asked. “
they, after all? Once they’d taken out the mothership, they’d all collapsed on the ground like something out of
“More than,” Steve agreed. They all headed closer to the portal as Tony fiddled with the tablet. Tony wondered if she did that just out of habit, considering extremis was in her brain.
“Sorry,” he apologized. Steve’s eyes went wide.
“Understood,” Clint said. His voice sounded hollow. Tony raised an eyebrow.
On and on the questions went like that. Her father would simplify or dodge and her mother would joke around the subject. As Kate got older, she recognized it as a defense and didn’t probe further. She didn’t
No one was seriously injured, of course, as per the rules of the game, but by the end of it all the Avengers of 199999, or the MCU as 3490 had decided to nickname them, were covered in bruises and scrapes and all over aching from the fight. The second round had gone little better than the first; without the electrokinetic powers of Azari, Tony managed to gain a bit more ground on the field, but Kate took him down with an EMP arrow quickly and efficiently, and then joined him on the ground to finish the job. Kate had turned out to be the ringleader of the second team, this time splitting their resources in ways that matched them up unevenly—Kate was a physical match against Clint, so she took on Tony instead. Billy was thrown at Thor, deceiving him with magic in the same ways that Loki could; Teddy, meant for Steve, was instead given orders to go after Natasha instead; David Alleyne, meant for Natasha, was sent instead to Steve and though he lacked super strength his fighting skills were nothing to scoff at; Tommy ran circles around Hawkeye—literally, to the point where all the oxygen disappeared from the vortex he created and Clint passed out. Cap had managed to take down David, Natasha had managed to injure Billy but not to get in a kill shot, and all the others had been taken out by the young team quite quickly.
Just as he righted himself, the portal winked out of existence. No explosion. Tony sighed in relief. His heart, still thrumming like crazy from adrenaline, released a little tension. He landed back on the roof. Cap was still kneeling, staring with a troubled expression at the tiny blue cube in his hand. It looked like a miniaturized tesseract.
“I resent that comparison. I’m Special Agent Rogers, and I’ve been assigned as your nightly protection detail—why weren’t we informed of the relocation?” Steve asked. Senator Stark spread his hands in front of him, palms up, and shrugged.
“The other Avengers were already inside when I got there, fighting the Hydra members. There was one running away. He had something in his hand. I hit him in the back with my shield. He fell. Whatever was in his hand went flying. Tony was already flying out of the building, grabbing the members of his own team. He grabbed me too and pulled me out just as the bomb went off,” her father said. She’d never heard him sound so monotone.
out of dodge, you hear?” She returned her attention to Steve and Tony.
“Welcome to Stark Tower!” Stark said as the elevator opened its doors. Steve was glad his sunglasses were still on so that the Senator couldn’t see how his eyes bugged out of his head. The penthouse itself was the very definition of modern. It was extremely rich, extremely fancy—all around an indulgence. But what really impressed Steve was the
It was over, he said.
“What kind? How many?” Peter asked. “Can you
“A team will be too much. They’ll spot a team in no time. I’ll go. Alone,” Natasha volunteered, but it sounded a lot less like an offer and more like a command.
here, who take their
“Oh, getting snippy, eh, Giggles? Is that all you can come up with, from all that rage you’ve bottled up the past month? Come on, big guy, think I can’t tell you hate my guts? Want to take me down a peg or two?
“And it’s been evacuated,” Cap said. He looked at the innards of the machine hard.
of us stack up against our own other selves? Tony, how well do you think you’d fare against a woman you who has armor
Happy Hogan
—acrid smoke, choking her, choking them. Something ran through her mind—it would be easier to think if it were easier to breathe. She brought her elbow up over her nose. Her sweater, her ugly sweater with jingle bells sewn onto the knitted Christmas tree like obnoxious ornaments. Screaming and Jingle Bells.
Battle was hectic. Battle was unpredictable. It was crazy. It was one hair away from a fatal wound, one instant away from total annihilation. Even though she’d trained her entire life for it, even though she knew her rhythm in it, Kate still never quite felt prepared for it. She and Alt Steve had come roaring into the battle-torn portion of the city that the Avengers and their younger counterparts struggled to defend, riding the same bike Kate had stolen with Francis. She ought to feel bad about that, she knew, but she wrote it off. It was SHIELD requisition now, needed for the immediate saving of the Earth and all that. She’d make an effort to find the owner if any of them lived through all this. Alt Steve drove, speeding them into the heart of the battle. It was only then that Kate turned on her comm.
yet. You’re not an inventor. You’re not an artist. You’re a fighter—and the only reason you’re any good at that in the first place is your father’s super-strength. Genetics. What are you without them? Who
!” James gestured to his sister and they ran off, accompanied by MCU Steve, who looked determined but positively bewildered by everything that had happened and was happening. James couldn’t blame him. He addressed the Captain,
Months ago, Steve probably wouldn’t have listened. He wouldn’t have trusted Tony. He wouldn’t have thought there was a play he hadn’t thought of, would have thought Tony was about to do something reckless that would get them all killed… And maybe sometimes, now, it was still easier to just throw Iron Man off the roof than deal with him—but equally, sometimes it was important to put all their lives in his hands. Steve didn’t have to lead the team alone. In fact, he couldn’t.
have to sleep,” she pointed out. “But you’re not.”
“Nat’s right. The division doesn’t look good,” Clint agreed.
“I asked this question of Heimdall, when we discovered it was missing,” Thor said. “I thought perhaps Loki—but Heimdall claimed there had been no trespassers. He would have known if there were.”
,” she said scathingly. Natasha and Pepper hid smiles. She checked her watch again when a stranger strolled into the kitchen. At least, he was a stranger to Tony, and to the other three Avengers. His hair was so blond it was nearly white. He had a glint to his eye that spoke of mischief. He wore normal street clothes, just as Peter did. Kate grinned.
“I think my husband would say it’s adultery either way, so it doesn’t matter much,” she replied. Other Tony’s smile was wiped away in an instant, though Tony couldn’t determine why. Commitment issues, perhaps? She didn’t have time to speculate. She was distracted by the arrival of Maria Hill and the blood kit she had asked for. The Alts broke into their own conversations, to which Tony paid little attention. The other SHIELD agents would inform her if there was anything she needed to know about, and the general gist of what she half heard was simply along the lines of panicking over being in another universe (Pepper), calmly deciding that they should keep their cool and figure out what to do after having a better understanding of the situation (Steve and Coulson), and finding their doubles and having orgies (Clint and Other Tony). Jane and Thor were having a quiet conversation that Tony could not hear. Bruce and Fury were being relatively quiet, as was Natasha. Tony hated it when Natasha was quiet. It was never a good sign. She didn’t like it when Bruce was, either.
Steve knew exactly how many times he’d said those same words to a man who died minutes later. It was five.
“His parents will take care of it when he gets home,” she said. Steve’s mouth shut. Yes, his parents would take care of it. Which neither of them was. Tony knew sometimes, looking at Peter or Kate, he forgot that, which, Tony figured, must mean that Steve had an even harder time. But after Pepper’s gentle reminder, he said nothing more on the subject. The rest of the short ride to the Triskelion was spent in silence.
features more clearly outlined on another face. It had not passed out of Peter’s notice how much he resembled the man—likely because he resembled Howard, who Peter’s dad had always told him he resembled. His mother had never said as much, but Peter understood that was for other reasons. Peter had just always found it odd (well, not so much odd as disappointing) that he so resembled a man he had never met instead of his own father. When he looked at James there was no doubt as to where he had come from—but when Peter looked in the mirror, he didn’t see it at all. Except, weirdly, when he looked at his mother as a guy. He could easily pick out the features that were his own—and what he was left with, well, strangely enough, were the features of his father. This alternate version of his mother was a filter—but that made Peter wonder in what
, Cap,” Tony snapped over the comms as he flew overhead.
actively outside, and Steve, for the moment, found that he could
. Unfortunately, they squeezed it one too many times that night and it ended up playing in an endless loop. Finally having gone mad from the song, Tony ended up stripping down to her bra and stomping the electronic music box into oblivion. It had taken some effort, and even after she put the sweater back on it had a tendency to randomly play the song, which now sounded low and demonic. She disposed of the sweater as soon as the party ended.
“Yeah,” Peter said, not sounding particularly convinced. He looked at her and raised an eyebrow. “Why are you dressed like a witch?”
“Can you even grow peach fuzz on your cheeks?” male Tony asked, teasing.
“Barton and Danvers,” she said, sounding annoyed. “I would have gone after them myself but who knows what kind of surveillance they have around this place.”
“I’d hardly call this universe
“Yeah?”
“Sir, I wish to be where I can be most useful. Camp Dwyer is most in need,” James replied. Tony returned with the others, glasses and champagne bottles in hand. She, and the rest, took in the tone of the room instantly.
“Uh, Steve?” Steve knew that voice well already. His eyes slid to the door, where Other Tony had slipped through. No, not Other Tony. Only Tony. Tony looked incredibly uncomfortable, like he wished he were anywhere else. “Are you—uh—look, everyone outside is arguing about what to do about you.” Tony rubbed the back of his head and then took a few hesitant steps forward. “Steve?”
of normal life without the other teams.” Bruce watched as Peter climbed back onto the ceiling, apparently his new favorite place. He looked up at his favorite young ‘nephew’. “You know, people are going to start calling you ‘spider-boy’ if you don’t cut that out.”
Given, though, that the only other thing her parents tended to be really hush hush about had been the trauma that was 525’s collision with their universe, Kate did not want to ask and find out more.
. I don’t want to look at you. I don’t want to see your face right now. I just want you to go.” Francis looked gutted. He shrunk in on himself, his shoulders hunching over as he shoved his hands in his pockets.
“It’s just—out there today—Tony, I need to trust that you can follow orders,” Steve said as they walked. “Especially given that our jobs are often highly
“I got bitten by a spider and now I have spider powers,” Peter repeated.
, Tony. I’ll take care of things.” 3490 Tony flicked her eyes to the Alts and then back to her Steve.
“Brooklyn, sir,” Steve said honestly.
“James is still alive,” Natasha said.
“I have to wonder,” Jane spoke next, “if we ever…if Thor and I…would she be like Torrun? Or would she
“Aren’t
. 525 had been planning something too. They all knew how that had ended. She hoped this time it wouldn’t come to that.
“Not just yet, Senator Stark, but I’ll let you know when you have, you can be sure,” Steve said.
“I’m bulking up for wrestling,” Peter deadpanned. Alt Tony snorted. And took a seat at the kitchen table across from him.
“I didn’t—Oh, shit, I didn’t think, I forgot—” Tony put down her faceplate and started to move away from the crowd to take off. Steve grabbed her metal-encased arm, about to argue that he should go, but Tony shook her head before he’d even spoken a word.
“Ok, Daddy,” Kate said, moving past the lump in her throat. She gave him another kiss on the cheek, and he captured her in a hug.
The Red Skull’s face twisted into a demonic grin that was more a bearing of teeth than it was any kind of smile.
for that.
.” Kate was yelling by the end. She was crying too, she thought, but she wasn’t sure. She’d stood up at some point. Her hands were clenched into fists at her sides, and her dad looked alarmed.
“Hardly. I’ve been everywhere. I’ve had my eye on you and Tony, making sure things were still running smoothly. But I couldn’t be seen,” Fury said. He scowled. “God damn HYDRA has had me on the run.”
“Did you just—”
“We have Lucky.”
know what he would want in the same situation, without feeling it first hand? The Commander caught his eye and raised an eyebrow. He knew he’d been staring. Well. Now or never. Breakfast was winding down anyway.
for her intel before we act. In the mean time, act normally. Look comfortable. Be who they want us to be.”
“HYDRA in my universe was destroyed when my plane went down,” Steve said, his expression dark.
?” Francis wanted to know.
You’ve gone far over the edge. And the rest of you
. He hugged Peter then, and held on to him. He didn’t know for how long he kept them together like that, but by the time he let go, Kate was there. His beautiful, perfect daughter, standing with her arms crossed and scolding Peter for managing to get himself into
chatty, especially in uncomfortable situations—
kids you lying ass. I saw you when that school trip of fifth graders came through Stark Tower.”
“So because of
, at his worst, with his own son. She hadn’t wanted him to lose another child. And mightn’t he? As Steve stared at his sheet-white son, it was an all together too familiar situation—except when it had been Kate, she’d been happy to see him again. She’d given him a hug and he’d told her he loved her and all was forgiven even if he was upset. But with James? If he woke this instant would he be glad to see Steve? Or would he just groan and roll over and go back to sleep, wishing one of his friends was here instead?
“Yes,” 3490 Tony replied, an eyebrow raised in his direction. “I fail to see what’s so amusing about that, though. You’ve got
—were clearly sentient beings. They could speak
Steve was lost in her brown eyes. What she was saying wasn’t quite adding up in his mind just yet, but he felt himself moving, his trembling hands coming up to cover the ones she had on his face. She smiled, and it was soft, and sad, and no, no that was wrong, Tony shouldn’t be sad—
long time since he’d seen the kids he’d grown up with. He didn’t mind that he was still relegated to the kid’s table at 22; he was just glad to see everyone. Besides, even Benjamin Banner, who was twenty-four, was still at the kid’s table sitting next to him. He and Ben just ended up being the ones carving the turkey and putting food on plates passed up to them.
“Take it easy, Kate,” Francis whispered. Kate pouted.
Billy Maximoff – 16, born in 2000 -> Wanda Maximoff/Vision
feelings? What if this was longing for something else entirely?
“What do you mean, ‘why’? You’re my stepson, that’s why. You’re family, that’s why. You’re a good kid, and you’re about to go to war and get shot at, that’s why,” Tony said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. “It’s Christmas, did you forget? Merry Christmas, Jamie.” James didn’t know what to do. He felt lost. He had nothing to say. So he just didn’t say anything. He threw his arms around his stepmother and gave her a hug instead.
“I’ll e-mail you some PDFs and links, too,” he said as he handed the stuff over. He looked innocently excited. “It’s a pretty awesome topic.”
innocent,” she said.
“Well she
“I’m not certain how good his control is,” she said, pointing him out on screen. Dr. Banner regarded himself for a moment.
“No signs of deception detected, Commander,” JARVIS said.
,” he could hear her oddly muted shouting though the glass. It almost sounded like she was underwater. Thoroughly cowed by her anger, Peter crawled back to the balcony and hopped back over the sides. He walked back inside, only to find his outraged mother barreling towards him. “WHAT IN THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING? YOU COULD’VE FALLEN AND KILLED YOURSELF I NEVER THOUGHT YOU WOULD EVER BE SO RECKLESS ARE YOU TRYING TO GIVE ME AND YOUR FATHER A HEART ATTACK?”
“What?” Tony asked.
Tony headed to the kitchen, dressed in a black negligee and her favorite gold-colored silk robe. Steve always found it a pleasing combination. When she arrived in the doorway, she could see the golden hair of her husband. He sat at the table, newspaper in his right hand. He lifted a coffee mug to his lips and drank with his left. For a moment, Tony just stood in the doorway and watched him. Through his simple white shirt she could see the muscles of his back, impossibly defined. She knew that back well—very well, indeed. No longer capable of resisting the urge, Tony gently padded over from her position and wrapped her arms around his shoulders, letting her hands lazily dangle over his chest. She lightly traced the plane of him with one finger and laid a kiss on his neck, then on his cheek.
Eventually the cantor stopped leading hymns and the priest stopped talking, and his father rose from the pew and ever so slowly walked his way up to the pulpit.
“I—could you repeat that? Slowly?” Mom requested. Peter took a deep breath.
And yet here he was, making bets on who he’d sleep with next. Wasn’t that a judgment from afar, even if one in jest?
“Lose sight of what?” Natasha asked.
“Later,” Kate whispered back. Then she eyed Francis behind her. “Why are you braiding my hair?”
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Steve asked her in barely more than a whisper when they parted.
. Steve Rogers was getting very tired of having alternates in his home. He stroked his wife’s hair, just listening to her gentle breathing. He thought she had fallen asleep by the time she asked, “Steve?”
“All Avengers-199999 show no physiological signs of deception,” JARVIS informed them.
“Don’t! You’ll miss!” Kate blurted out, grabbing his elbow. Clint just smirked at her.
“I don’t know!” MCU Steve protested, attempting to pry his double’s hands off his chest. “I don’t know what they want, I don’t know why they’re after me, I don’t even know who they are!” Commander Rogers wasn’t having any of it.
with Peter, James knew. “You wanted to go to Avengers Academy so badly? Fine. You start on Monday, and maybe there you’ll learn some things about using those powers of yours.”
“That’s fifty times better than cold cereal,” Peter said with a grin. He put down his spoon and jumped off the chair before hurrying off down another hallway that Tony knew was the quickest way to the upstairs. He was a quick kid, which made sense considering he seemed to be all leg.
“Have you been standing there this whole time?” he asked.
. Let it end for me,” 525 Tony pleaded.
Around four Tony and Pepper left the library, made curious by shouts coming from the living room. Upon arrival, Tony took in the situation—an N64 was hooked up to the television, and Mario Kart played on the screen. Steve, Clint, Thor, and Natasha played while Jane half watched and half scrolled through a tablet.
But for Tony it felt like hours. She was sweating like crazy by the end of it, and by the time she landed on the ground, she felt nothing but rage as she balanced on the knife’s edge of ‘fine’ and ‘panicked’. She was going to be fine, though. She was going to be fine, manage to compose herself, to bitch these crazy bastards out for stealing her stuff and crashing the party where they weren’t welcome. She was.
“Not quickly, no,” Steve replied, a hard expression on his face. “I think that kid broke a rib or two with the kick—Peter should have gotten up before now.” As they spoke, Peter slowly began to move; when his body contracted, moving his ribcage a bit much, the avengers heard a pained grunt. He scrabbled for his broken camera and sat there, examining the back of it briefly, checking to make sure none of the essential parts were broken. He closed the flap and started to stand—and as his eyes came up, they fell on the Avengers. He stood there, staring for a moment. Tony took the form from Jane.
I care, but—”
. Bucky regarded him curiously for a moment, and then his eyes filled with sympathy.
“Tony—Tony, you’ve got plenty of flaws, I won’t argue,” he said, unable to keep a grin from his face. “You’re stubborn as shit. You’re a pain in my ass in the field. I have to admit to having one or two satisfying fantasies of bashing that smug helmet of yours with my shield. But none of your flaws have anything to do with you not being responsible, or organized, or tech-deficient or a
Francis Barton
James dropped Teddy onto the kitchen floor.
“But why?” Steve asked. Tony rolled his eyes at the naïveté of the good Captain.
was another word that came to mind. And a terrified Tony never did a safe situation make.
“I could fix my
“We didn’t,” Kate said. “We just hoped.”
“That’s not an answer,” 525 Steve said. The hand tightened again, and James gasped and coughed and struggled. It was an automatic instinct, his hands flying up to 525 Steve’s, clawing at them as he struggled for air. 525 Steve wasn’t bothered. “Four.”
“No, Kate, I do. It’s like Dad’s always saying, with great power comes—” he started, but Kate cut him off. She was sick of it. She was sick of hearing it.
“So you two are married?” Pepper interrupted. “With children?” Tony felt his insides go cold. 3490 Tony nodded.
to protect were more than capable of taking care of themselves. It was time for James to go back to his life. He had learned long ago that it was easiest if his real life was situated away from his father, from his brother and sister. He didn’t know why he’d forgotten that recently.
for the past year—”
you change. But you lied to me, and you lied to me about my daughter’s
“But we don’t have confirmation on the circumstances,” Steve said.
“I’m coming around the big willow tree on the left side in about five seconds—got eyes on that?” Peter asked quickly.
,” James said, laying on the sarcasm as thick as it could get. Peter’s hands balled into fists and he saw
the guy. She just couldn’t handle that expression.
got it worse right now,” Tony said.
,” she said. Oh, and now Steve was
“These are Hydra you recognize?” James’ voice crackled through the system. “We’ve got no first hand experience with these weapons. Captain, Iron Man, you want to take point this go round?”
“Uh,” Peter responded. Kate rolled her eyes.
“Yeah. So?”
“Ask Nick Fury, since he’s the only one here with his eye open and his ear to the ground,” the man himself interrupted. Kate was seeing double—two Nick Furys walked together into the room, all black leather and billowing coats.
things. His secrets have secrets,” Tony said. Perhaps fortuitously, Varys, the spy master on
half the time,” Kate said. Peter could see her roll her eyes, even if Francis couldn’t.
Duck, roll, jump, punch—that’s new. Pain lancing through her knuckles, that’s new too. Blood on her hands, that’s very new. Light, color, sound, smoke, everything a blur. Years at the Academy
reach the heavens. And Peter—well, Peter’s a dork, but he’s perfect to them, you know? He hasn’t got powers so there’s no expectation for him to do something good with them. Well, he
you do?”
? Just up and
“I made something similar last year for the science fair. It was dissolvable, quick dispensing organic bandage, and it stuck to skin and clothes but dissolved within a few hours, like this. It’s getting deployed for military use next year. I just made some modifications, and, voila. Stronger than steel. It’s like a spider’s web—which is what I based the first design on to begin with,” Peter said, like it was nothing unusual for a sixteen-year-old boy to invent a revolutionary new compound for the science fair. Tony was no stranger to incredible feats, having managed quite a few himself, but he was still impressed.
something!” Kate argued, and she was surprised to find the words flying out of her mouth. She was more surprised to find that she passionately believed them.
asked when Peter came in from school. Peter had lied, and his double had believed him. Peter didn’t, after all, seem like the type of kid to lie. Could he really hold a grudge against her for gullibility? For trusting? Tony didn’t know. He felt conflicted. There was a kid with a black and blue rib cage alone in his room and Tony felt like he had to blame
“For the record,” he said, “ I was trying to be
Tony put the gauntlet on his bare hand.
“Shouldn’t you like, chime in about that?” Peter asked James doubtfully.
Teddy Altman – 16, born in 2000 -> Captain Marvel/Princess Annelle
“Hogan?”
. Bigger was better, after all. The whole deck was filled with the clear tablets of Tony’s design, and thirty or forty people were on this deck alone, all typing away busily or monitoring screens. Even after a year, and even after
“I’m just saying. The world’s gone all
of sorts for inter dimensional travelers that would pull them to that spot first—Reed had designed it after the first two incidents had taken them by surprise—but that didn’t make it any less shocking when it happened.
“Of course. It’s the coward’s way out to ask you to do it. I’ll have to do it myself, won’t I? I’m sorry about this,” 525 Tony said. He sounded genuinely remorseful. He flicked his hand upwards. Tony didn’t realize what was happening until it was too late—her arm was raise back up again, the gauntlet whirring to life, to full blast. The shot had gone off before Tony could do anything to stop it, even if she had had the power to. Tony screamed in horror when her double fell back, a hole blasted right through the center of his chest. She got back control of her armor, but she felt frozen to the spot. The gaping hole in his chest was steaming—cauterized instantly by the same blast that caused it. His glassy brown eyes stared up at the ceiling. He looked relieved.
Torrun was near James, polishing her sword and chatting with Azari who looked all prepped and ready to go. Occasionally one of the Avengers Academy kids would walk through, shouting about some vital piece of equipment and
don’t you know?”
“It’s an idea. Just think it over. You need a break,” Torrun said, her eyes flicking over him again in concern.
!” Kate burst out. “I bet that’s what Mom said too, isn’t it? When she went back into the building? That she’d be
, Tony,” Steve replied. Stark looked at him for a moment, considering. Then he held out his hand, and nodded.
He set the leg. He was torn in how he felt about James’ lack of consciousness. On one hand, it was a blessing—setting that leg would have been enormously painful. Not only was he pulling a broken bone back into place, but all of that blood rushing back into a numbed area would be hell. It was good he wasn’t awake for it. On the other hand, his lack of consciousness meant that they were in the real danger zone. Bruce could lose him any minute.
To say that Tony was surprised to have found in Kate a quiet ally was an understatement. He figured if any of the kids would be willing to help them out it would be Peter, but now Tony was having to reassess. Peter was good hearted and friendly, but he was also fairly by-the-book, all things considered. But Kate? Kate was the rebel. Kate, Tony thought as the girl scrolled through screen after screen of encryption on her tablet which was hardwired to the Mark 42, had her own agenda and wasn’t afraid to go after what she wanted.
And for those of you who may have just happened to pick up this story for the first time in the year 2021 or after and are extremely confused by this message, well, just be pleased you missed the ride.
“We don’t
it, she made it into a masterpiece. If she could only cook one thing, it wasn’t a bad thing to cook.
it, but she had almost gotten
“Nah,” he said and took a quick bite. “Leg’s still achey. I’m gonna sit this one out.”
Kate grinned evilly and handed him the beginnings of a ninja costume. That was how, a few hours later, Francis and Kate ended up answering the door for trick-or-treaters, handing out candy, with Peter then jumping straight down from the ceiling right in front of the older kids. They always ran away screaming. After one middle school boy the size of a tank ran away as fast as his thick legs would carry him, screaming for his mother, Kate couldn’t help, amidst their laughter, but to look over at her brother.
before they figure out where we’ve gone.”
“I don’t
scrimmage team,” Kate retorted. “What, you afraid of a little competition?” Brandon sat back in his desk, leveling a murderous glare at Peter’s sister. Kate stared back, unflinching, and eventually Brandon looked away. Dr. Pym coughed.
“Spaghetti?” Peter half-groaned. “You serious?”
to help you, Kate,” her mother said quietly.
They weren’t a very cohesive unit. Her double was arguing with Fury. Alternate Steve was arguing with both of them. Natasha looked like she wanted to kill everyone on the team because the testosterone was getting to be too much, and Bruce was taking deep breaths and ignoring everyone which was a terrible sign. She wondered, briefly, if Banner had the Hulk under control or if he would be an even bigger threat than she had initially anticipated.
“Oh my God,” Pepper said, looking horrified, like she was about to be sick. Tony took her hand
“Wow, you’re a real Sherlock Holmes, Steve Rogers,” Tony said dryly.
to one another.” Peter, for one, felt thoroughly upbraided by the comments, and found himself absently stirring his remaining bits of cereal in milk. Kate looked chastised as well. James though—well, James just looked like he’d been issued a challenge.
, that you would always be there for them. You swore I would
“Sorry, Tony,” spoke 525 Tony though the mask, the Iron voice sounding eery and emotionless. “It’s better this way.” 525 Tony flew away—and then, suddenly, her boots stopped working.
“What d’you mean?” Kate asked, sniffling.
“Yeah, there doesn’t ever seem to be, does there?” Tony mumbled, taking a seat. Steve pulled out a chair beside him. “Kid’s a moron.”
them, well, Francis had no clue. He hoped she had a plan.
She started tying up the ends of the trash, deciding she ought to take it out at that moment. She was going to just walk right up to Steve when he got home and tell him what was going on. That was the best way of doing things. She just had to get the words right. Tony frowned as she walked through the house, trash bag in hand. What
. And on the knuckles glittered five glowing gemstones.
be—but Peter turned around in his pew to the astonished gasping and murmuring of the crowd to see his mother grinning at the back of the church.
“—a ball, the Senator will be fine for two minutes without us watching him like hawks,” Natasha said, and her voice was suddenly louder. Steve turned around to see her sauntering up. She held out her hand and, well, who was Steve to refuse a beautiful lady? He took her hand and walked with her out onto the dance floor. He was a terrible dancer, but Natasha didn’t seem to mind, and at least he managed to avoid her feet. It
going to die here. Slowly, ever so slowly, he raised himself up onto his elbows. Adrenaline pounded through his heart as some plaster cracked and fell to dust next to him. If he couldn’t get up, he was dead. He tried to get his good leg under him again, but his tailbone felt like it was on fire. Every movement below the waist was agony.
. This is obviously an overreaction. Save me.”
The giants rained ice and snow down upon them. Torrun and Thunderstrike tried to get in the giants’ way with lightning as the others retreated, diving over and under waylaid cars and buses, debris that had been abandoned on the streets for weeks as the city essentially shut down in the emergency.
“PETER?” Peter could not believe his ears. That was the voice of his father. “PETER IS THAT YOU?”
“I don’t want—I don’t want to talk about anything right now,” Peter replied. “I just—I can’t believe Mom—” Peter couldn’t keep going. Dad just hugged him again as Peter felt tears prickling behind his eyes.
,” Steve said. Tony gave him a hard look.
know, Rogers,” Fury said quietly. “I’ve been tracking them—scouting out their locations, trying to figure out what they were up to. If they knew they weren’t being observed by SHIELD they’d be more likely to trip up, to make mistakes, to get
—But, well, if everything went well, he’d have plenty of opportunity to join in on the whole world saving thing later.
“I would never design my armor with a flaw as fatal as the exhaust pipe on the Death Star, thank you very much,” he huffed.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. You mean the fly maybe? It was just a lucky catch,” Peter said nonchalantly. He got up, taking the peanut butter jar with him.
Peter leapt into action. Alt Natasha came straight at him, not worrying about the flag. She must have come to a similar strategic conclusion as Peter—kill your opponent first, and then you can
the way our Steve blushes when you bring up anything even vaguely referencing sex?” Tony asked her. Antonella laughed.
have to be annoyed? It wasn’t like Steve was calling him Senator Slimeball or anything, though at the moment he was sorely tempted. Natasha gently tapped his hand as she moved to sit down. Steve followed her lead, buckling into one of the seats.
, James wanted to shout, but his vocal chords had stopped working.
“I think you did.” They hadn’t talked, really, since Steve had taken off at the Triskelion. Steve had run away, red-faced and not believing that he’d really let slip what he had to “get coffee”. Of course, he really had gotten coffee, but he took his sweet time with it, and by the time he was finished the others had arrived in the conference room to discuss their new arrangements. Steve hadn’t
stage. Her Steve still used the word occasionally, but certainly not with SHIELD agents. Maria Hill had educated him well.  “Where is
“And how long can Banner keep the Hulk from smashing?” Clint demanded. Hulk had been sweeping the soldier back with his massive hands and scaring others into moving. But now he stood still and roared. Natasha knew he was not the Hulk the 3490 children were used to.
“I don’t like children,” Tony said stiffly.
“We were
Chapter 6: Wednesday, October 19, 2016
, won’t you, little Jamie?” 525 Steve spun him around and grabbed his chin, forcing him to meet his eyes.
“That’s—yeah,” she said. He heard her take a deep breath as he turned around, heading for the stairs. “Wait.” Steve stopped and turned, surprised to find her suddenly in front of him, and closer than she’d ever been. Well, excepting just once, when he was the accidental object of her affections. But the sudden small, warm hands on either side of his face didn’t feel accidental. Nor did, a moment later, her hot lips on his. Steve was surprised, but he was one to just go with it whenever a woman sprung surprise kisses on him. It had been so long since anyone had touched him in any affectionate way. It surprised him how much he missed and craved physical contact with another human being, and he didn’t even notice it when his own arms wrapped around 3490 Tony’s slight body. The kiss didn’t last long, and it was relatively chaste, all things considered. When they parted, she gave him a small smile and kissed him on the cheek.
When she finished her meal, twice as quickly than everyone else, probably owing to the fact that she ate less than half as much, Tony excused herself to work in the lab again. The table remained silent after she left, until Kate spoke up in a small voice,
“Um,” Tony said intelligently. Antonella just rolled her eyes at him.
“I’d say I feel like I’ve been transported to an alternate universe, but…” Tony trailed off.
, can we—”
bad at this sort of thing. Peter leapt to his feet, leaving James to scramble to do the same.
“But then the point of playing video games—avoiding homework—is gone,” Peter said.
“Well, he is actually deaf,” Coulson said. “I tested that a few times. He’s either very dedicated to pretending to be deaf or, more likely, actually cannot hear. He wears a hearing aid, though. It’s for ambient noises.” Clint was having difficulty imagining being deaf. He wondered how it happened—he guessed it was probably an accident. Their lives weren’t exactly explosion-free, after all.
“Besides. I think it’s about time you got your own superhero gear,” Tony said with a shrug. “You deserve it, Jamie.”
Tony groaned in annoyance and, almost without thinking about it, put a hand to her stomach. She didn’t understand how this had happened. Well, yes she did. She was a scientist—she understood that nothing was ever 100%. She just couldn’t believe her rotten luck. She should have gotten her tubes tied, she thought mournfully. But after Peter and Kate had been born the doctors got all squirrelly on her—they didn’t like performing the procedure on women under the age of thirty-five, and she had heart problems as evidenced by the shiny metal object lodged in the center of her chest. Yet ironically, they’d had the same concern with her carrying to term. After she passed the threshold age of thirty-five, and then after she’d undergone the Extremis transformation, effectively destroying the original concerns, she just hadn’t thought to ask about the procedure again. It hadn’t been an issue—her birth control was working fine. She didn’t have to remember to take a pill, and it was non-invasive. It seemed like a win-win. Until this very moment.
At least, Peter figured Clint would be least expecting it, but he seemed fully prepared for Peter’s assault, grabbing him by his arms just beneath his elbows and throwing him to the side using Peter’s own momentum from the charge. Peter slammed into the trunk of a tree, and for a moment his vision went white with pain—he might have dislocated his left shoulder. He bit his lip and sucked it up, jumping out of the way of a blow from Clint’s bow. This time, retreating wasn’t a trick, though Peter certainly calculated where he was going.
“No,” Tony replied. “It wouldn’t be.” Then Tony grinned. “Why, you have some crazy fetish or something?” Steve just rolled his eyes.
“Oh, hey, what’s everybody doing—” at the sound of the voice behind them, Tony, and the non-playing Avengers, turned. At the entrance to the living room stood a young man who looked remarkably like Steve Rogers. His hair, however, was auburn, his face a bit more angular, and his body a bit more lean. Natasha crossed the finish line ahead of Steve, to many groans from the boys. “—here.” The boy’s expression quickly changed from one of curiosity to one schooled for blankness. Before Tony even knew what was happening, the young man had reached behind his back and pulled out a gun. He pointed it at Tony’s head.
. Hell, they know some shit before we do—your double and alternate Banner helped Peter out with his powers before he ever came to us.”
,” his father begged again.
“Peter,” Steve rebuked him with a look.
wasn’t the one they needed to be worried about at the moment. It was especially too difficult for a nine-year-old to patiently explain that.
“When she died she knew how much you loved her,” Natasha said. She was at her most gentle, her hand on his shoulder now, reassuring.
“No choice, huh?”
“I—want—my—
“Sobering up every second,” Tony said, leaning forward to capture Steve’s lips again. Steve allowed a quick kiss, but then groaned and broke away again.
It had been a close call for Kate, getting back inside the house. Peter had found her on the way in and wrinkled his nose.
Kate had gotten home just fine; Tony made sure to check on her in her room first thing after rising. She was still pissed off, but so was Tony, so it was an even trade. Tony had no idea what to do with her. She didn’t want to think about it. She didn’t want to think about the fact that she was lying to Steve—and not about something small. She was lying to him about the health of their daughter. She was lying about something that could get Kate killed. And that weight rested in the bottom of her stomach and had the unfortunate habit of twisting around sharply in her gut. He would hate her, if anything happened to Kate. But she would hate herself more.
“Happy?”
“Ok, soldier, slow down before you hurt yourself,” 3490 Tony said, the right side of her mouth quirking upward in amusement. Steve felt his ears burning. He’d never been able to talk to women. 3490 Tony poked the wrap, then looked up at Steve with one eyebrow raised. “Chickpea?”
?” he asked. “They’re sending you to
“Sure thing, sweet cheeks,” Tony said as she brought up the known data. She didn’t think this was any universe they already had a sample from, though. “
“We uh, we went through a rough patch after that. I mean, we’d been in a rough patch for months, with him trying to deal with me dying and
“Oh?” Steve asked, raising an eyebrow. “Do you have anyone in mind?”
? He wondered. What mistake had they made by trusting these strangers? How could they have been so utterly naive? He looked up at his double. They looked the same. But now Steve could see a coldness in his double’s eyes, something in there that was utterly unhinged.
“Well—it’s not—it’s not the same situation, precisely—“ Dr. Pym tried again.
If anybody asked, the Avengers got along
“Mission Accomplished,” the Commander said. “Let the birds fly home, B team. You’ll do more damage over the city taking them out than they will headed back to Doom’s lair. They shouldn’t cause us any more trouble today.”
—” Peter kissed his mother on the cheek and then headed for the fridge. He opened it up and just dove right in. He pulled out a plate of leftover meatloaf from a few nights before—a truly horrendous meal, Tony had to admit—and started eating it cold.
At 9:15, the search party returned to the mansion—there was no sign of him, nor any indication of where he might have gone. Looking in the middle of New York City was useless. Antonella informed them that she was giving it until midnight before waking up the whole of SHIELD and using every resource at her disposal to find him. 3490 Steve didn’t argue. For another tense half an hour, they waited. Antonella paced. 3490 Steve tried to soothe. At 9:45 Antonella gasped.
Her father’s gaze had softened even further, if that were possible, and he’d taken her hand and tugged her closer.
“We’re all here to support your family right now, Tony. Is there anything we can—?”
your parents,” Francis pointed out. Kate shot him a look, and Francis averted his gaze.
“Of course, Peter,” Dad said. “Why don’t you take a seat?”
, why didn’t we get
“Not now, Dad, I’m about to beat this guy’s butt,” Peter said.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wasn’t sure when or how it happened, but suddenly he was looking up at the lights on the ceiling. They were beautiful lights, all soft and yellow, with a shiny chandelier in the center of the room.
Peter pouted and kept arguing in a snark-off with male Tony. Bruce elected to join his double at a computer while he ran specs on some of Peter’s blood. So far the blood itself seemed normal—Bruce had his suspicions that the bite had somehow altered Peter’s genetics but left most of his essential human-ness alone. At least, he hoped that was the case.
“I have to say,” Tony Stark remarked to his team as they all gathered together in the gym. It was the whole crew—Jane, Pepper, Maria, Coulson, Fury, Thor, Bruce, Clint, Natasha, Steve, and himself. His other self was busy with Dr. Richards, looking at charts on a screen to ensure the fabric of the multiverse was healthy enough for their trip. The portal behind them had yet to be turned on, but once it was, they’d be headed back through it, headed, finally, home. “My other self coming back from the dead and crashing her own funeral was not on my Multiverse Bingo Card.”
“DON’T BE INSANE!” Bucky screamed over the chaos, and then they were both running, running away from the tower as the whole building came down in slow motion.
“Not until you say it!” mature Steve insisted.
Tony didn’t even think about it. He walked out of the Commander’s room, made a few turns down into another hall, and opened up the door to Steve’s room. His Steve. He didn’t even knock. He barged in, but the room was empty. The door to the adjacent bathroom, however, was cracked, and Tony could hear the shower going. Tony knew he should leave. This was rude. This was crossing a boundary. This was crossing
?” Francis asked furiously, under his breath.
Peter was crossing the hall after his shower, ready to hop in bed, when he heard a small, muffled sob. He walked backwards a few steps towards the door to Kate’s room. It was slightly ajar, spilling yellow light into the dim hallway. He peaked inside; his twin sat on her bed in the furthest corner, leaning in the corner of two walls. Her knees were drawn up nearly to her chin, and she clutched a pink, fluffy pillow to her chest, which her face was half buried in. Peter didn’t ask permission, he just walked inside and sat on the bed next to her, grabbing a purple pillow for himself. For a few minutes, he didn’t speak, and neither did she.
“You are
“Don’t go there Peter,” Steve replied. “This isn’t your fault. Besides, those AIM agents would have found that entrance eventually, and then who knows what would have happened to all of you? I can’t believe our security didn’t pick it up faster.” Pick it up it had, of course—the Avengers of 3490 had arrived to find the MCU Avengers and the kids fighting off a whole hoard of agents in the warehouse. When the 3490 Avengers arrived, they made quick work of them. Steve hadn’t been pleased that the bunker had been found, but he
wake up. He’s got to. But he wanted me to say, um, the he forgives you. That he did a long time ago. I told him to tell you himself but—well, he’s unconscious. But I—I don’t understand what there is to forgive,” Peter admitted. Steve felt his throat tightening, thickening with emotion. It was his son’s deathbed confession—forgiveness.
“Your double said we’d be appreciated,” Steve pointed out. “When we first got here. She said we could take this as a vacation, or we could lend a hand. I think it might be wiser to lend a hand than to sit around and wait for them to make a move. Besides, if we offer to help out they might equip us—none of us have any real weapons.”
“Be patient and
James hesitated in answering, and the longer he paused, the more anxious Steve grew.
“What?” he asked.
didn’t know the cause, or how to predict them. Two weeks ago the spike had been bad enough that ten people were hospitalized with radiation poisoning, and two died. There were no bombs, no explosion just silent death swooping down and taking whomever it willed. Barton frowned at her from the video screen.
“I’m sure they do,” Steve said. “Getting along with everyone fine?”
“It’s a theory,” Thor replied. “But my mother is usually correct in such things.”
Torrun (Foster)– 18, born in 1998 -> Thor/Jane Foster
“Orders my a—“
If alt Fury knew where to find the Red Skull (the alt Red Skull?), then that meant that all of this—all of this was almost over. Maybe there were a few more battles ahead but, one way or another, they were coming to the end. Kate wanted to breathe a sigh of relief, but the feeling was still caught in her throat, held back by an even worse dread.
“They must still have some in reserve. My former partner—Obadiah Stane—he was double dealing under the table. I had no idea until he ordered the hit on me that got me kidnapped,” Tony said. Steve’s gut twisted.
The rest of this story is dedicated to you final few, for sticking it out. From the bottom of my heart, thank you.
“What?” Steve asked.
“What, just? Are you guys from the nineties? Because you should really warn James Cameron against remaking Fern Gully and Pocahontas with computer generated blue people,” Peter insisted. “Oh, and there’s some stuff about terrorist attacks and things you should know, but mostly you need to sit down with James Cameron.”
“Maybe you have special, updated-technology-silly-string, how should I know? Everything’s weird over here,” Tony scoffed defiantly. Peter rolled his eyes and held out his hand.
question is what the hell I do with you people.” The Commander took out a chair and sat down. “Clearly, I can’t trust you to do as you’re asked. But before everything went to hell in a hand basket your team was a valuable asset in the field. You’re slower. You’re less effective. But you’re not bad, and in a full-scale invasion ‘not bad’ is all we need.” Commander Rogers leaned back in his chair. “If you want to join us in the field that badly we’re not letting you skip training. I don’t
Pieces. Everything was pieces. Light (dark, mostly dark, with the yellow and neon lights the only relief from the darkness—no more beacon, no more white-blue, the building was gone and nothing looked clean anymore), color (yellow, neon, black, red, white, and blue), sound (screaming)—fragments.
“Dwyer,” James said at last. “We’ll be stationed at Camp Dwyer.” Steve felt himself go cold all over, like plunging into the Atlantic all over again.
“By what means do you intend to get
Oh. No. Totally an evil robot falling from the sky. All right then. Kate ducked behind an abandoned car as a blue plasma bullet shot from the eye of the thing and straight at her. Francis happened to already be there. His hair was mussed and there was a crooked grin on his face. He was out of breath.
“Why? What’s Earth 525?” Hill asked, digging into her pasta.
“So you’re comparing me to
“Ouch,” he said. “I think that’s the longest we’ve ever had Alts here for. Hope you don’t hate it here. I’m James, by the way, though you all seem to know that already.” The Alternate Avengers settled down a bit after that. Clint hit the start button and began a new game of Mario Kart, which was a relief to Tony because the music of the frozen screen repeating over and over again was driving him nuts. He went and settled himself on the couch, ready to kick back with the rest of the Avengers and relax. They might as well enjoy their forced vacation while they could. But even though he was paying attention to the new game of Mario Kart (and had dibs on switching out with someone for the next game), he still had one ear to the conversation going on behind them. It wasn’t really eavesdropping if they were still in the room, was it?
“And now?” Tony asked. Antonella shrugged.
Steve sat back down.
Maybe that was why she was doing whatever she could get her hands on. Alcohol had no effect, so she had no milder options anyway. Maybe she was trying to make life more exciting. Maybe she was trying to find meaning in a world that seemed meaningless. Tony did not know. She was at a loss. Maybe she was trying to numb pain or anxiety or depression. Maybe Tony should have dragged her to a psychiatrist long ago, but she had always been so afraid to do so, so afraid to become her father. Tony had spent more hours of her childhood in the offices of ever revolving child psychiatrists than she had with him. They had never helped, and Tony had resented him more for insisting she bare her soul to strangers.
“Get up.
“I don’t think so,” he said, looking contemplative. “Antonella doesn’t seem the type to me, to be that manipulative.” It was odd, the way he said Antonella, the way his expression looked thoughtful and also
“Ever heard the phrase, you can lead a horse to water but you can’t make it drink? Well, you can stand here all day mother, but I don’t have to talk to you. So why don’t you stop wasting both of our time and just go back to work or whatever it was you were doing before you decided to invade my personal space,” Kate said. Fury darkened her mother’s face, but Kate was not cowed.
Kate looked at Alt Steve. Alt Steve looked at her.
of us. I don’t think he’d understood, before, what it meant to me, too. So we decided we’d do a proper wedding now that neither of us was dying or on the brink of war. We signed the registration act and did a public wedding—that’s the one with us in costume. It was to help us present a united front on the SHRA and get all the superhumans on our side. A bit shameless, really, but then we had a
“Yeah. Interesting,” he agreed.
“But not forever,” a third voice spoke up, and a burly, bald man joined them. He handed the younger man a rifle. “And Stark’s tech makes me nervous.”
“I’ve seen you all fight,” 3490 Steve said, his expression grim. “You could use some assistance, if these AIM knock-offs attack again. We’ll be keeping some of our best young fighters in the bunker with you.”
“How much you want to bet he was yelling at
could change his reflexes like that?”
to me?” she asked, her voice barely a whisper.
Had been. Wasn’t anymore. Wasn’t anything anymore. That was the truth that had smacked James in the face the moment all of them walked through the dark, quiet halls to bed. None of it had felt fully real until they were back at the manor and Tony—their Tony—wasn’t there with them. Something about the house felt hollow, now, to James as he laid in his bed that night, exhausted but somehow unable to really sleep. Tony’s absence was itself a presence in the house, and James felt the grief of it all weighing him down.
was on the run from anything. He just needed to make his way back to the military base, to go back from his furlough a bit early. It wasn’t his responsibility to protect anyone in that bunker, and the people he would
“Kind of on a deadline here, Cap,” he said a bit more urgently, but then Steve slowly shook his head.
he was crying. He needs to cry. You can’t—you can’t stay stone-faced in that situation,” Steve said.
Steve put the headphones back on quickly, and looked back at his drawing. He felt himself turn a bit pink as he looked at it. It wasn’t that Steve had drawn anything dirty. He hadn’t drawn his charge in the nude, or anything, or on a bed, or in a compromising pose. He’d just drawn his face, with special attention to those eyes. But the drawing felt particularly intimate, almost more intimate than a nude picture would be, and
“James,
They sat together in silence for some time afterward.
“He was so upset. The only times I’ve ever seen him more upset was when the Winter Soldier first came to town and when the doctor told us I had terminal cancer. He didn’t argue with me. He agreed we should get married—though not for him, he wanted to make sure the kids were cared for, and they—or any guardian—wouldn’t be able to access their trusts until they turned 21. Steve makes a fine living at his job, but nothing like what they were used to. Anyway. He didn’t want it to go that way. He’d been asking me to marry him once a year every year since we found out I was pregnant. I said no the first time because I didn’t want to compound mistakes. I said no every subsequent time because I never wanted to disappoint him, and I was so afraid that as soon as we said those magic words, I would.
managed to cut the audio and visual surveillance in the room.
them? Steve leaned down and kissed her and all thoughts of her job flew out of her head.
“Goodbye, Agent Rogers,” Stark said, waving him off and never once turning back to look at him. He followed Tony down the hall anyway. He wanted to tell him that he hadn’t been judging him from afar—but hadn’t he? He knew the man well enough superficially, but what did he
He found an icepack in the freezer pretty quickly and then headed to one of the many communal bathrooms, raiding the medicine cabinet for some tylenol. They didn’t have anything stronger, predictably, so Tony supposed Peter would just have to make do. He headed back to the kid’s room. He knocked before heading back in again. Peter was sitting at his desk, playing a video game on his laptop. He paused it when Tony entered.
“I didn’t mean to cut so deep, honey,” she said. “I’m just frustrated. Kate’s been driving me up the wall since you’ve been gone. I didn’t mean to fight with you. I don’t
“Fine. And if neither of us are right?” Steve asked.
“I could send them to the Triskelion,” Tony said, looking reluctant. “But it’s easier to monitor them here. And you know what they say about keeping your friends close…”
James was hitting on a horrible realization—his father was not going to save him.
“Obviously,” her father answered. “How do you like it so far?”
Steve had understood then what she meant, though he’d gone on frowning and hadn’t lifted James’ grounding that week. He wasn’t Tony’s son. Steve had unfairly made that clear to her once in anger, and she’d refused to speak to him for two weeks. Rightly so.
need the help. Moreover, Steve wasn’t certain that any of the kids would be in
“Um. Tell someone to call 911 first?” Peter guessed.
“Tough to forgive,” James mumbled. The bangs were getting closer. He could feel the wall vibrating—they were trying to bust it down.
“E-ev-EVIL!” female Tony gasped out between laughs.
“I’m the one who brought it up. Apparently,” Steve replied.
“Katie-Kate you’ve got nothing to apologize to me for,” he said.
“Please, do as you like,” his dad replied. The other avengers nodded and headed out. Natasha put a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
? You don’t mean—you’ll take them back to the mansion? To Brookeville?” Bruce asked. “Tony, we don’t know how friendly or unfriendly these guys are—that’s a
Rogers. So keep that Captain alive. He’s more important than all of us combined.”
“What, and we’re just supposed to build this alone? Do you have any idea the amount of work that would go into that kind of project? It could take
. His mother closed her eyes, pinched the bridge of her nose and took a deep breath before continuing.
“Right. Right,” Tony said. “Well,
“It’s a great view,” Steve said. They stood in silence for a minute, an oddity for Tony. “Are you nervous?”
“Bruce!” Natasha couldn’t help but call out. The Hulk had not retreated. He would be overwhelmed—but if they went to help, so would everyone else.
“Fine, but you stay close to your brother, all right? Ok, let’s get going—”
“Well, they look like AIM but that’s all I’ve got,” James said. “Dad might have a clue but last I saw he was incommunicado—I don’t think he’s going to be quite right until Tony flies out of that wreckage.”
“House of M? Seriously?”
“Just what I said. He’s spending a few days at the Triskelion,” 3490 Tony replied, picking up her fork and twirling some spaghetti onto it. James, Kate and Peter exchanged glances.
me,” Kate said. Peter’s expression was one of total irritation and exasperation. “No, no, I believe you, I just—when the hell did
“I guess it was too much to hope for fluffy bunnies for once,” their Clint sighed.
“And what if JARVIS goes offline for some reason?” Steve asked.
“Christ, Rogers, never say that again,” Tony said vehemently, his eyes flashing. Steve was a bit surprised by the violent reaction. “Harley’s an exception not a rule.”
“I didn’t
“I am sure that it is, sir,” JARVIS said pleasantly. “I have advised Madame Kate that this course of action is ill advised and that instating you as a primary user on this suit will have repercussions. I advise you of the same. I cannot undo this programming, but know that I do not agree with the current state of things.”
“Peter! I can’t find Francis anywhere—Nicole’s exhausted, but Steve needs to talk to me about a mission—would you mind setting her up in a bedroom downstairs?” Clint asked. The four-year-old had her head buried in her father’s shoulder as he held her up.
“Fat chance,” Peter said, but he was smiling, and his smile was a little watery.
“You would’ve—you would’ve done the same, right? With me or Kate or even Francis or Torrun,” Peter stated more than asked. Their father just nodded mutely.
“Torrun. You sure you’re ok?” he asked her.
him. Until he heard his brother shout from just behind him,
“I figured you didn’t tell your parents what happened. Figured then that you must not have gotten any medical attention. I can grab you some ice and painkillers,” Tony volunteered. Peter narrowed his eyes.
“Should we go make sure he’s ok?” Pepper asked. That worried look had taken over her whole face.
,” Kate muttered as she shot off arrows. Clint had leant her and Francis a bunch of nifty ones—stun arrows, explosive arrows, net arrows, a fucking
“Well, let me know if you need a refreshment at any point, Agent Giggles,” Senator Stark said. Pepper shot Steve a look of what was probably sympathy but possibly also exasperation, before continuing her previous discussion with her boss. Late at night they finished. Pepper kissed the Senator’s cheek before exiting out the elevator, and the Senator headed—not to bed, as Steve had expected, but also into the elevator after Pepper had left. Steve stepped inside silently with him.
love you, James. I love you more than you’ll ever understand. I’m so proud of you James. I’m so proud of everything you’ve accomplished, and you’ve done it all on your own. I just—I wanted you to know that. And thank you. For saving your brother’s life.”
“The director asked for
“Then why do you keep it in the liquor cabinet?” Tony asked, an eyebrow raised.
into Steve.
“Kate.
,” Tony huffed, retracting the right metal gauntlet of his Iron Man suit, revealing his bare hand beneath. Steve reached out and took the space stone amulet from off where it was dangling from the thumb. He cracked the silver casing in his hands, carefully transferring the stone itself into the final slot on the gauntlet. The glove seemed to hum with power when it snapped into place. Tony took a breath. He looked at Steve. Steve smiled at him.
“So. Plan for now is we’re going to get the younger kids to a more suitable shelter,” her dad told the kitchen when it was crowded with people. “James, Kate, Peter, Azari, Francis, Billy, Tommy, Teddy, Torrun, you’re staying here as a protective detail. We’ll be moving you within 24 hours, but until then you just sit tight. We’ve set up a drop spot for a few perishables to get you through the day; take the exit out of the gym and you’ll get to a storm cellar with supplies; Clint and Carol did some stocking for you all. We’ll be back as soon as we can be, but there’s a lot of clean up we need to take care of on the outside. We’ve still got battles to fight—plenty of them. For now we need you all to sit tight and wait for further instructions.” Kate listened, but she felt like they had hit a wrong note.
“It is pretty cool, huh?” Peter agreed. “There’s nothing more beautiful in all creation than science, is what Bruce is always saying.”
“Cold! Like a popsicle!” her father had answered, crossing his arms and saying BRRR.
that, and no idea how they got along they way they did. It didn’t compute in his head.
“You’ve never been this harsh with Peter,” 3490 Steve insisted.
“Then I’ll send in the big guns,” Tony said. At Bruce’s questioning look she clarified, “I’ll have Steve talk to him.”
For the rest of the flight, the Senator pestered Natasha, which suited Steve just fine. She was much more adept at keeping people happy than he was, managing to laugh and smile and joke along with him, even if that smile never quite met her eyes. Upon arrival in New York City, there was another limo waiting for them.
“You should learn not to listen to him, Peter,” Kate advised him.
“Yes, perhaps it’s a hint from the heavens—superheroes should never marry other superheroes,” Tony commented. “They end up with bratty children.”
, that perhaps his double occasionally took some time for himself at the Triskelion—but the looks on Peter and Kate’s faces betrayed another story.
“I’m proud of you, James,” he said. “I just don’t want you getting hurt. But you’re in the army. Frankly, I won’t like it if you’re stationed
“TONY! TONY!” Steve was calling her.
“Tony,” she called out. It was a tone of voice that Pepper recognized—it was exasperated and
“Might it have something to do with the fact that I’m CEO of your billion dollar company while you run a scary government organization and occasionally play super hero while we both try to balance family lives?” Double Pepper asked.
“Is that meant to hurt me?”
“Via the air ducts,” Steve clarified. Tony chuckled.
“We’re going to get these guys, Steve,” Natasha said.
This was, apparently, a day of surprises for Steve, as when the limo stopped, he realized that they were on the lot of an airport. Out the window he could see a small, presumably private, jet. Special Agent Romanov stood at the bottom of the stairs up to the plane, waiting. Steve got out of the limo and removed his sunglasses.
high level SHIELD agent on this side,” Maria said. “Hardly surprising given that you put us in the Triskelion.” Steve looked down at the phone.
“Dad, you
“Bureaucracy would beg to differ,” she said. Tony snorted. Pepper had the right of it.
“And…did he explain this or…?” Tony asked. The more she stared at the numbers on the screen, the less she liked them. A growing sense of foreboding settled in her stomach. If those numbers were what she
. It was funny, what could become routine in a matter of mere months. Here they were, barely two months into this horrible disaster, and already fighting
have made your choice, by default,” 525 Steve said. “One.” Silence. James felt his heart racing in absolute panic.
“Mmm,” Tony replied. “Well, it’s time you should get out there. Steve had barely been defrosted six months when I dragged him to Cambridge to hit some college parties.” Steve, free from his blush now, did not look very enthusiastic. Tony smiled. “You’d have fun, I promise. You just need someone to drag you there first. You just need a me, really.” Tony was casually sipping on her coffee before she realized what she’d said. She knew her eyes widened a bit, but she couldn’t help it. Other Steve had a lost puppy dog look on his face, and she
She would have to soon, after all. She was only about five weeks along, but eventually she was going to have to stop taking missions. Actually, he would probably insist she stop taking missions immediately; he’d done the same the last time. Of course, he couldn’t order her to stay out of things—she was director of SHIELD after all, and beyond that her own person—but she hated fighting with him about things like that. It left her exhausted and angry and lonely and guilty and just about every bad feeling she could think of.
“I don’t know,” Natasha said. “That’s the thing. Half the file was redacted. Most of it was blacked out. There’s an account of 525 arriving unexpectedly and then—nothing. In my experience a blacked out file never means anything good.”
“You’re squishing me.”
The Avengers weren’t long away on their emergency mission—Thor took care of the issue almost single-handedly before the others showed up. So around four, just before their children arrived, mature Steve and female Tony—although, really, Pepper could class female Tony as
him, even from a distance, though. To someone who didn’t know Steve as well as she did, they were probably nearly identical, but she could see how much younger he looked, and how uncertain. He didn’t yet have the air of command that he would grow into. It was strange that he didn’t, though, as Other Tony appeared to be her own age.
“Hello to you too,” he said. “And physics defying or not—I strongly think
“So that you won’t lie the first time around and we can get this over with quickly,” 3490 Steve said. “I want you to answer me yes or no each in turn. Did you have
“Could you?” he asked. James just nodded.
on fire—we’ll never get that chance. She’ll never get that chance,” Steve said. He knew his voice was breaking up, words getting thicker and thicker in his throat.
“Forget something?” Steve prompted gently.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Right,” Tony said. He looked at the design thoughtfully. “It’s not something I’ve thought of before, but, maybe, with existing technology in the biotech field…” Tony trailed off, lost in thought. He messed with the holograph some more. Steve figured that was the end of that, but Tony spoke up again moments later. “Have you ever met my best friend?”
Benjamin Banner – 24, born in 1992 -> Bruce/Betty Ross Banner
“Suck it,” Steve said in response, then let out a triumphant, “HA!” as his avatar overtook Clint’s onscreen. Clint swore under his breath. Tony had not been aware that Captain perfect was even capable of saying such phrases as ‘suck it’.
But as he got up and spotted, far across the parking lot, an alternate version of his mother, his father, and several of his favorite ‘aunts’ and ‘uncles’, witnesses to his ultimate humiliation, Peter Parker didn’t want James’ life. He just wanted to disappear from his own.
“Right, well, you just all have a nice long think about that and keep yourselves occupied. I’m going to watch
“Can’t stand it?” Alt Steve finished for her. “Me either. It’s worse than battle in a lot of ways, isn’t it? Waiting for word. Hoping everything goes ok. Trusting everyone that much, not being able to take control of a bad situation, to help.” It was always odd, Kate reflected, talking to this young version of her father. He spoke just the same way, but there always seemed to be some kind of pain on his face. Kate scrunched her brow together, considering him.
. They were all super enthusiastic about their teammates. They had a
“What are you doing here anyway?” Kate asked.
is you don’t
“We don’t
floor.”
the way she looked at her double and her kids. And I should’ve—I don’t know, I don’t think things would have worked out regardless but I feel like I should have been
it. And one day, he’s going to wake up and realize it.” Kate drew in another hit. She looked over at him, an eyebrow raised.
“It’s whatever,” Kate mumbled, then took a drink.
“Tony, we are talking about the woman with the internet in her brain,” Steve pointed out. “She could have just tracked you on cameras.”
“You’re alive,” he said. He sounded disbelieving. He sounded…oddly relieved. Tony had a gauntlet leveled at him. They were designed for energy blasts, not for flight.
“You have
to stay. Believe me, I’d rather be about anywhere else. You know, Agent Romanoff and I are not your parents. You do not have to sneak away from us while we’re distracted and slip off to have sex in a closet—which is ridiculous, by the way, you have like five bedrooms on the way here—if you want to refuse security detail, you’re welcome to it, but I have to say it’s highly unadvised,” Steve said. The blonde slinking away slowly did not escape his notice. Stark rolled his eyes and huffed.
a mother. She wasn’t
“Morphine about as fast as I do? I’ll bet. Let me get a nurse,” Steve said.
“What is it, Stark?” Steve asked.
. You know this isn’t right. You
tired. And tired, too, James thought, of heaving around everything between them.
. A little Long Island winter won’t get them down. I’ve always liked Snowdrops for that reason too—we have a patch here in the garden of those, over there. Just when you expect the snow and the frost to kill everything here, you find those little snowdrops popping up, against all odds,” 3490 Tony said.
after you’ve recharged,” Bruce said insistently.
“Can you stick to glass?” Callum asked.
“One minute,” Steve said quietly. He slowly drew his gun from the strap on his ankle. Another groan, louder this time and yes, that was definitely Senator Stark. Steve inched toward the nearest door, where the groans came from. Quickly he opened the door, one hand still holding out his gun. The door to the coat closet flew open, revealing Stark—but his face was not one of pain, rather ecstasy, and it was obvious as to why—the naked man on top of him as well as his own naked self was a big hint. Tony let out another moan as the naked man sucked on his neck, but then he opened his eyes and saw the Agent.
Azari
Peter’s heart was in his throat. He didn’t know
“Thanks, Cap,” Tony said sincerely, feeling his heart lighten a bit at his speech, but he still felt clouded in grief. “It’s stupid but I feel like—I feel like my sister died or something. Or that I did. Or—it’s just an odd feeling to have.”
“Beautiful weather today, right?” he asked. “The sun is shining, it’s pretty warm for January—it’d be perfect if it weren’t for the bad case of temporal displacement, you know?” Francis looked like this was all one giant party that had been assembled especially for him, and he was trying to get Kate in on the fun. He had always been like that, had always been that charming. She had always thought he’d saved a special smile for her, had held back jokes just for her entertainment. He had always made her feel so special—she just wished she’d realized earlier that it was all in her head.
us? They could have done that at any point,” Tony finished, but Natasha shook her head just as Steve’s own gut was filling with a sense of foreboding.
. Tony frowned. He looked pissed.
“Something wrong?” James asked her as soon as he’d swallowed his bite of turkey.
outclassed. Steve didn’t even want to think about the fact that their opponents were
“No, but it’s your damn fault she overdosed! We wouldn’t be standing here right now if you had
“Ok. All right. Relax. Take a breath. It’s your show here, James,” Steve said quietly. James’ breathing slowed. His eyes flicked down to the kids on the floor before flicking back up to meet Steve’s. Their eyes were the same, Steve noticed with a start.
“Yeah. Me too.”
leaving you, Tony, and I would
“I’m more interested in what
“Don’t make this about making a difference, Peter, or saving the world,” Kate said, raising a single eyebrow. “This is about
It was a lucky break, finding Peter. Kate didn’t think she could take any more personal disasters. But as they made their way to one of the ambulances on the scene, Kate looked over to where her father was standing. Uncle Bucky had a hand on his shoulder, but her dad wasn’t paying any attention to him. He was still staring at nothing, expression far, far away.
“Short version? The lifers think the commuters get special treatment, and they’ve all got sticks up their asses about it,” Francis said.
universe, might still by cryogenically frozen somewhere, his mind wiped and his body used by evil people for horrible, evil things that Bucky would never do in his right mind. And Steve just—he didn’t know what to do with that information. It was his fault.
“It’s—”
dropped from the sky had become
Someone hit a home run. Dad and Kate stood and cheered and hollered. Kate jumped up and down and waved her arms in excitement. It was a while before either of them sat down again. Neither Peter nor James had stood at all. Dad sighed suddenly, turning to James.
, Steve thought, but before he could correct himself, Stark was speaking again.
“I don’t like dogs and cats are too high maintenance. They make you work for their affection,” Tony grumbled.
the military base. Right. It was nearly Christmas. He was given a furlough for the holidays before being sent overseas. He rubbed at his eyes and glanced at the clock. Well, his second assumption had been correct. It was eleven o’clock.
“TONY!” Steve screamed into the comms, but there was no answer. Half a second later, a second explosion rocked the whole building. There was a horrible creak of metal and the sound of glass shattering over and over again as the entire building began to collapse in on itself in a great display of fire and smoke. They were running now. They were all running, but Steve was frozen to the spot. He started forward, but a hand on his bicep jerked him backwards.
“Oh, God, Steve, I’m so sorry—you look the same from behind,” she apologized, still laughing. She headed for the coffee machine, grabbing a mug from the cabinet and filling it. “Sorry I molested you a bit there.” Other Steve just choked out a noncommittal noise that Tony implicitly understood as ‘
“It’s—I hate to say it but it might be our best option, Tony,” Steve said. “It would be for his own good.”
Chapter 75: Friday, December 16, 2016
“Oh, please, like the army doesn’t pay you enough? You wouldn’t stop by for free food if you were down to your last ramen noodle,” Kate said. “And you didn’t bring your laundry, which, if you were here for free things, you would have done. Spill.”
.” Clint looked a bit like he’d swallowed his own tongue at that, and 3490 Tony went back to her mission of setting out ingredients. Tony smirked in Clint’s direction.
“Two?” he asked innocently. Tony raised an eyebrow until Steve turned red.
he was an asshole to you. I
The mansion in this world was exactly the same to the one Tony had left for good in his own world—universe 199999. It was strange to think their world had a number on it—stranger to think that it was so large. The mansion was the same as the one in his universe, yet not exactly the same as the one he remembered. The mansion as he remembered it was cold and empty. The elegant furniture was covered with white sheets and plastic covers, the whole house turned into little more than a storage facility. But this mansion was warm, and the furniture was inviting. Hard couches had been replaced with plush, luxurious leather. A giant beanbag had its own place in the living room, as did a large flat screen TV. An Xbox 360 was out on the floor, controllers tangled up in each other. It was strange to walk through the mansion with the rest of the Avengers—minus Fury, Hill, and Coulson, who had elected to stay behind—but it was even stranger to walk through this reconfiguring of the cold mansion he remembered. 3490 Tony, girl Tony, didn’t stop in the living room, though.
. Guess that’s a bad idea for me, huh?” Still laughing, he walked down to the gym before his gasps of laughter could turn to gasps of sobs for everyone to hear.
“Thank you, JARVIS,” Commander Rogers spoke, then put the little device away. “I do apologize for the invasiveness of these measures. Now it’s your turn. Ask us what you want to know.”
. He didn’t care if James kicked the crap out of him—he was about three seconds away from punching him in the jaw. But from the other side of the table, unexpectedly, came a sharp reprimand.
Hey guys, I'm really sorry about the delay/unintended hiatus. I am alive, I am still working on this. We only have 20 or so chapters to go. Updates may be a little sporadic, but we'll be getting there soon. Thank you for your patience.
“Guys?” Francis said, more urgently, but Steve hardly even heard him.
. James’ hand roughly tugging her in another direction.
for a little while, you know? Just mine. I guess that’s…I guess that’s stupid, and you know now anyway,” Peter said reluctantly. Alt Tony’s interest piqued.
,” Peter said. “Weirdest day of my life. Yeah, it was Friday. I got bit by a spider at Oscorp.”
“Oh,” the tour guide said, counting the spiders herself and coming to the same conclusion. “They must have removed that one for research. All right, and over here we have
Months passed with sparse conversation between them. Steve watched over him at night, and as the campaign really got off the ground, accompanied him with Agent Romanoff to press conferences, meetings, and the like. He was glad for the change of scenery; he didn’t get out much. Still, there was
3490 Tony might want him to focus on the present, not the past, but as he thought of her soothing smile, Steve thought that maybe that wasn’t such a good idea after all.
you marry him?” Tony asked abruptly. Antonella just laughed.
would have regretted the decision. But maybe, just maybe, a tiny part of Steve could admit that their arguing wasn’t about Tony flying off into danger (well, it was, but not
“There a problem in here?” he asked.
“—calling me immature?” Steve caught the tail end of whatever Other Tony had been saying. He could guess the contents.
“Steve? Steve, can you hear me?”
“I’m going to need a verbal on that one, soldier,” he said.
“Seventy-six hours ago,” JARVIS replied. It was the first time Tony had heard the AI’s voice in the mansion.
“The space stone is what we lack.”
He was bleeding all over his military uniform. Peggy would be so mad.
“Please let him go,” his father said hoarsely.
if you have to,” Stark said. He picked the rim back up, examining it before starting to attach it. “So where are you from, Giggles?”
Steve was surprised, to say the least, to find Tony on his bed the night after James’ return, his shirt partially unbuttoned and a bourbon in his hand. He had to admit it to himself—his mind went straight to the gutter when he found him. It would have
happen? It was Friday, right? Friday was weird.”
“The Man of Iron is correct, Captain,” Thor agreed.
“My Aunt Natasha has a small white scar on her upper lip. Uncle Clint doesn’t go anywhere without his hearing aid in. Aunt Pep’s hair was shorter by several inches last week, Jane, while beautiful, is at least twenty years older than this woman here, and
“The fuck are you sketching, anyway?” she asked. He looked up at her, a bit startled by the question. He nodded to the tree.
“An aversion to needles seems strange with you,” Tony settled on saying lightly to defuse the tension in the air. “Although it does make your backstory all the more impressive, all things considered. Do I have any volunteers, or will I just have to close my eyes and stab someone?”
have a rogue Widow,” Tony said, putting steel into her voice. “You know that as well as I do—
“I’m just saying, I think you’re harder on Kate than you are on Peter,” 3490 Steve said evenly.
“Would you rather hold out for a few days for the sake of drama?” Kate asked dryly. Brandon flushed. But he shook his head.
Chapter 71: Friday, December 9, 2016/Saturday, December 10, 2016
“Well, kudos to you then, for getting your relaxants drug free,” she said. She went quiet. “Dad sketches too. He has a whole room in the mansion filled with drawings and comics and paintings and even a little glass blowing—his first wife, Bernie, that’s what she did. Some of Peter’s stuff is in there, too. It’s beautiful. There’s one Dad did of Mom—well, ok, there’s probably like several thousand he’s done of Mom, but there’s
“I’ve been
“It’s not just me,” Stark assured him. “Natasha is around here somewhere, making calls. She’s trying to find someone for you.” Steve’s eyebrow’s knit together in confusion.
to psychologists and centers and hospitals at her age and God knows not one of them did me a damn bit of good except to make me more resentful. I wanted to give Kate
“You’ve got
For fifteen minutes he drew a particularly stunning lily located at the front of the property. He spent another half an hour sketching a rosebush as he wandered further back. Finally he reached the wooded area and continued his walk, taking detours off the paths to look at specific trees. He was just getting ready to sketch an interesting birch tree with knots that made it appear to have a face, when there was a sharp gasp below him. He looked down, startled by the noise. Seated near his feet, leaning against the base of a tree, was Kate Rogers, smoking a joint, peering up at him with wide blue eyes. He was surprised he hadn’t noticed the smell beforehand—it was definitely not tobacco.
“Doesn’t matter,” Tony waved him off. “Besides, Harley’s not… look, I owe the kid.”
“My hero,” she teased. She had looked up at
us to think they know or think, two—Natasha tell them what you told me,” Steve said.
“Exactly,” MCU Fury had said. He sipped at his coffee. They had nipped into a diner for breakfast to talk business.
side that suggested our arrival in this universe was no accident. He didn’t elaborate further, but he suspected that whoever brought us here wasn’t done with us and wasn’t about to ask us over for tea and biscuits.”
“Ready?” she asked.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered. “That’s not fair. I’m sorry.” Clint just pulled her into a hug. “
“I take it back, you don’t sound like a cheesy romance novel, you sound like a
“Not today,” Peter muttered under his breath. He took another step forward. “
you might see combat. But I know that’s what you want. Why don’t we toast to you? You deserve it.” Steve grabbed a champagne glass and held it up. “To James—may he continue to strive for excellence and succeed in all he does. And may he…live long and prosper.” James rolled his eyes at that, and Steve thought he heard a chuckle coming from Other Bruce. He lifted the glass. “To James.”
. No matter what it actually was, the same general thing was communicated.
Tommy Maximoff – 16, born in 2000 -> Wanda Maximoff/Vision
Staring during mock battles however was ill advised, Tony realized a moment later as a bot crashed right into his cranium. Tony came to with Steve squatting right above him, concern filling his baby blues. James stood above him, arms crossed and a distinct curve downward to the left side of his lips.
“Um. I don’t recall.”
Callum Barton – 10, born in 2006 -> Clint Barton/Bobbi Morse Barton
“Thanks Mom,” Peter snorted, sarcasm evident. Tony froze. Peter took the bottle from him. “You ok?”
something, so what
. But it
“No, sir,” James said, pushing at the remaining bit of mashed potato on his plate with his fork.
dedication! Nobody can question
“Ok, you can lie to yourself, but you’re not going to convince me. So anyway. I don’t do drama. You and Francis? Work it out on your own and leave me out of it, yeah?” Torrun requested.
Peter being dead wasn’t an option. So either he’d escaped, or he was in the basement.
There were small, hesitant chuckles that dispersed through the crowd in a dull hum. Even Peter cracked a smile, even though he was avoiding his face cracking in any way.
"James' old room. The one with the racecar bed," Kate said. She was still visibly upset.
was not one of the things that he was. Natasha and Bucky moved through the crowd to greet the 3490 Avengers as all the guests had done thus far.
Juston Seyfert - Sentinel
“You seem to have a lot of those,” his double remarked. His expression was guarded. Bruce understood (unsurprisingly).
“What do you need?” she settled on.
“Huh.”
are.”
“You were both always assholes to each other, but you seemed happy that way,” Natasha said, a small smile on her face. She must have seen something in his face, because her smile disappeared, replaced by serious sincerity. “You were a good husband to her most of the time, just as she was a good wife to you most of the time. We can’t always be perfect, Steve. Not even you.”
,” Peter said quietly. “I’m sorry I just—he’d been so
“Yeah, nobody likes your meatloaf,” 3490 Steve responded. Antonella’s concerned expression dropped into one of annoyance, but they didn’t have time to think too much about it. Peter was stacking all sorts of food in his arms. One thing after another went onto the pile until he was carrying things in his hands, on his arms, and clutching the tower with his chin. He started walking, heading out of the kitchen. As he left, a small tub of ice cream fell into the crook of his elbow. Antonella reached out to help, but Peter refused, walking away.
“But—”
“Well, that didn’t sound enthusiastic,” Tony laughed.
As if electrified, she practically climbed over an open-mouthed Jamie to sprint to Tony at the back of the church. Tony met her with open arms and Kate threw herself into them, flinging her own arms around her and Steve just stood there, frozen. He felt like time had stopped. Nothing made sense. Nothing made sense, and his sons both got up, more slowly, stumbling almost, rushing to her and adding to the group hug. More people were standing, but staying respectfully back. There were tears. There were cheers. And Steve wondered if he’d just lost his whole goddamn mind. Was this some kind of hallucination?
you need? A superhero to hash out strategy with? A financial adviser? A techie to help you fix your laptop?” Tony asked. He sounded genuinely curious, and it just irritated Steve further.
“Fuck,” Tony muttered as he flew up into the thick of it, taking out the bots at level and below. His grounded teammates couldn’t do much but duck and roll and avoid the onslaught. They were getting overwhelmed. By
of—of commitment, of a family—shit, you know, I knew Pepper and I were never going to work out anyway, but you should have
Chapters 72-74: Tuesday, December 13, 2016
“STOP KEMPS!” and Jane groaned whilst Thor looked confused. MCU Agent Hill was the first to notice Peter and Kate; or, at least she was the first to speak up about it.
pregnant? And why—why the kids in the first place? There are or were probably better times to ask that question. Oh well. As you said, it’s out there now.” Antonella sighed deeply, looking suddenly exhausted. Or maybe she had looked exhausted the whole time but her mood had masked it. Tony didn’t know. Antonella set her sugary drink aside.
