"Sherlock ... you came into my life in a whirlwind of colours. Like I have this world of grey before we met and then you just arrived and filled it with colours. You came into my fading existence and brought me life. You held my hand when I was ready to give up. You showed me that I can still have a reason to live. And that was you. So here I stand," John placed his right hand to his heart, "and I swear with every beat of my heart, that I will love you and cherish you, and be with you all the way, as long as my life will allow me. For as long as you'll have me."
“I saved you. Obviously. Simple as that. If that thing continued to talk to you, it’ll feed off your fears as well. Like what it did to your friend, Mike.”
Sherlock blinked then pouted. Ah. Yes. Sherlock Holmes always does that whenever he needed dear old Mrs. Hudson's motherly care.
"Yours — 29 Jan 2010 ad infinitum," Sherlock whispered softly and yet against the soaring music, and the continuous applause, John felt and heard Sherlock's voice as if they were all alone.
John then left the school, his fingers subconsciously touching his lips from time to time, imagining the ghost of the other and if he'll ever have the chance of feeling them once more.
John blinks at the man. Gone was the confident bank owner and in its place was a shell of a man reeking with regret and disappointment, but not toward Sherlock but to one’s self. Like him earlier.
Sherlock met John's steady gaze, and smiled as he softly answered. "'til eternity ends, and beyond."
in her wobbly legs, Sherlock's breath caught. She sometimes stumbled but eventually she made it in front of them. Sherlock kneeled beside John as Rosie watched them both. She then laughed and touched a hand over his knee and then John's. Choosing both of them, instead of just one. And Sherlock thought, he was right where he belonged.
John stared at his daughter in awe. For four years they lived at Baker Street, after the ordeal of his wife's death and their abduction in Sherrinford planned by Sherlock's sister. God knows John tried to live normally. To really raise his daughter without conjuring the phantom of his wife around. And Sherlock had been there. Most of the time when his nightmares get the best of him, he runs outside the flat, bare foot, unashamed of the tears in his eyes. He was so tired. Exhausted. But in the end, in each and every single one of those sleepless nights, he comes back to Baker Street. Always apologising to Mrs. Hudson for his panic attacks, who only just smiles at him in return.
John turns away because it felt too much. The two had been flirting (well Marcus) non-stop since he arrived a few minutes late from the clinic.
But Mycroft stopped him, "John — if there is one person that is capable of loving my brother against all odds, it is you. Save him, John. Save him like you did when the two of you first met. Save him, and tell him what you told me."
John took his face into his hands, and Sherlock held unto John's wrists with an equal grip. He could feel John's elated pulse thrumming against his fingers.
Come to think of it, John was always leaving when he had a date over. The realisation that he made John jealous warmed something inside him. John was older than him by twelve years to his twenty-two but he doesn’t really think about their ages, they just … fit. And if they will proceed to the R word, as long as it’s in between consenting adults, he doesn’t mind. Who are people to judge people?
John yawned, blinking away the haze of sleep still lingering in his eyes. It’s that dream again. Damn it. Ever since he’d been stripped of innocence in his teenage years, he already understood that his Aunt was just being skeptical. It made him hesitate to come out to her as bisexual. He had known that ever since his eyes lingered too much on Ezra’s chest in the school’s shower room after the rugby practice, and no longer on his then girlfriend’s curvaceous hips waiting by the cheerleaders’ bench. He literally into both teams. Out and proud Ezra was their star player. He stomped down his desire to lick those abs for a first time experience.
"I swear Sherlock, if I find one of my jumpers in your closet once again, I'm gonna put a lock on my own!" John shouted at the man who's in front of him, and currently making silly faces unbeknownst to the former.
had been found and saved by some of his colleagues, John had to admit to himself he got jealous that there were people who knew the man longer before him. Christ, he’s not even that possessive to his previous someone like this. They’re not even dating! They’d just met for fucks sake!
Later that evening, there were loud noises again. She sighed before placing her AirPods in her ears. It's that time of the night for a great retro music marathon.
Those words he repeated over and over again, as he brushed a soft kiss over Sherlock's forehead, his cheeks, the corner of his lips, his jaw, his collarbone. And when their lips met for the very first time, John took his time. He swallowed his name from Sherlock's lips. He took Sherlock's every moan and gasp. Every sound that Sherlock made while he sealed his promise. To make Sherlock feel the kind of
He nodded at Phil and Jim standing on both sides of the door. Phil in turn nodded at Jim. While Jim knocked on the door, John mulled at the old times, as he waited for the occupant of the office to answer.
And as they kissed each other softly and deeply, John knew he'll do anything to fulfil that vow. No matter what happens, as long as he breathes. And he knew in his heart, that Sherlock would do the same.
"I love you so much." John whispered. "One step at a time, Sherlock. And I vow to be with you, in each and every one of them." John murmured against his hair. The pain in Sherlock's heart dissipated as he melted in John's warmth.
John licked his dry lips as he looked up to meet the ice cold gaze of the Traveller. Those pair of unusually coloured eyes accentuated by black eyeliners. The man was a sight to behold. But it's fierceness seem to cut through him.
"Be careful, John—", Mycroft's voice said from a new connection. "You might've forgiven me ... a bit. But if you die, my brother ... isn't that forgiving."
John shook his head. "Not really. I'm just here to pay a visit to an old friend. I'm still allowed to do that aren't I?"
"You are my lifeline. You've become my reason to breathe. You are my everything, John Watson. And I can no longer wait to be your husband. So let's be equals now, shall we?"
Is this Mr Holmes? Uhm, I think I shouldn't have—Sorry—" Sherlock heard a muffled curse and the line went dead.
"And third, he even invited you. I guess I already have my answer. You two should talk about this. And please tell Sherlock that I'll cover for any additional check-ups he'll undergo if needed be.”
He laughed. Because for some reason, he could see the stranger's frustrated childlike face and it made him ridiculously happy.
And all he could do was listen to her words, as she continue to remove the imaginary nails where John locked himself in. As she continue to free him from his own demons, just like Sherlock did.
Before his husband could answer though, a little roar came on the background followed by Sherlock's pretend squeak. "Such huge ears you have dear Grandmum!" John chuckled as he listened intently while Sherlock and Rosie reenacted their daughter's favourite bedtime story, The Little Red Riding Hood.
"Did something happened while I was gone?" Sherlock asked gently while shrugging off his coat and gloves. He went to lift Rosie and kissed John's cheek.
John turns surprised to find Sherlock with a solemn look on his face standing by his own bedroom’s door.
"We found ten men, Sir. Two outside, a tentative count of four inside—" There was another crackle of static before the agent continued. "Fallon reported, he and Graves are pursuing two men. We can expect the rest are guarding the package." A pause. "Affirmative, Sir. Two men are guarding the first room situated near the west wing of the building just off the stairs. Goode reported he saw Mr Holmes chained inside."
Suddenly, a needle punched through the skin of his shoulder and he instantly jerked away. It was only then Sherlock noticed the syringe John was hiding away. With wide eyes, he searched John's gaze, but when the man looked at him, he only saw resignation and tiredness in them. Gone was the former soldier earlier. This time it was only John.
People assumed he liked Sherlock, more than a friend, or he and Sherlock were together. He scoffed over and over and over again, whenever people made that assumption. But in the back of his mind, maybe, they were together. It might not be romantically, but they had a partnership. He's not just a best friend, a colleague, a flat mate, a blogger, a doctor—he's just Sherlock's. No matter how many dates he'd gone through before, he always came home to Sherlock. And despite everything, Sherlock welcomed him.
"I now pronounce you husbands! Mr and Mr Watson-Holmes—you may now seal your eternal vows with a kiss."
Mike had seemed to recover because he quietly apologised and again defended the school from him. As if he would allow someone to destroy King's.
Sherlock felt his breath caught. He felt nauseous, dizzy, all at once everything spun. The floor crumbled and Sherlock reached the ground. Like how he watched another corpse fell from a window and then to the pavement, being mourned by John. Tears formed in Sherlock's eyes, his throat went dry. Suddenly, he's not in anyone's wedding. Instead, he was back at Bart's. His mind trying to grasp what's false and what's real. heart beating fast against his chest, he watched as John reached out to touch the corpse's pulse and watched as what he did brought John to the same shell his beloved once was. He can't do that again.
Additional Tags: Sherlock cooked for John, Domestic Life at 221b, 221b ficlet, Established Relationship - Boyfriends
He gripped a hand over chest tightly as he blinked his tears away with the onslaught of raindrops against him. When suddenly the rain was gone.
'God, I love you so much.' He murmured as he buried his face against Sherlock's curls. He stayed like that for a while, breathing in Sherlock's scent. Feeling their hearts beat in sync. Sherlock nosed his jaw placing a ghost of a kiss here and there.
"We hardly talk about himself you know. I, talk about my self. But when I ask about him, he deflects and talks about you. This is the third time I asked him for a date, for God's sake. And even now, you have to be here?"
He comes home to Sherlock cradling Rosie while swaying her to sleep. But after those four agonising years, he decided to take a job from a different place. A small practice in Devon, and Sherlock was still there to support him. Sherlock was there to help them move in to a new flat. It wasn't much homy than Baker Street but it was enough for John and an occasional nanny when he needed to go to work. But their goodbyes with Sherlock that day marked the beginning of a change in Rosie. She cried so hard and almost pulled Sherlock's coat-sleeve of. She just won't let go of him. If not for Rosie's nanny, taking her away. Rosie smiled less, laughed less. There were instances when John found her looking in the driveway. Sherlock visiting before Christmas Eve and spending the day with them, were always the highlight of Rosie's year. Not even them paying Mary's graveyard a visit could top that.
. A question that shook him to the core. In a span of seconds, Sherlock pulled him from the sand dunes of Afghanistan. Once again, he felt alive. When Mycroft told him that he sees the battlefield when he was with Sherlock, Mycroft was wrong. Who would want to live to that trauma again? John doesn't see the battlefield. He sees a reason to live. A reason to crawl out of those dunes and live again. A reason to fight against his demons. But then again, Sherlock once became his nightmare. When the Fall happened, he lost
If not for his father's reasoning and the multitude of emotions he hadn't seen before crossing Mycroft's face he wouldn't have agreed.
Sherlock's hold tightened around him as the man spoke. "You should know by now, that I wouldn't want to be anywhere else, except where I already am."
Oh, he couldn't forget, Sherlock, alright. Despite Sherlock's eccentricity, John had learned to love him. He learned to be patient with the man. He learned what Sherlock likes and dislikes, in order for them to live together in harmony. That's how much he... loved, Sherlock.
of me this morning." Sherlock wiggled his eyebrows up and down making John laugh. Christ, he really loved the man. Until now he couldn't believe Sherlock was finally his. They've come a long way to have this.
. If his heart isn't beating twice the speed now, he'd dismiss the idea what were the odds that it's Sherlock who's playing in front of him. Sherlock who's bowing in a smooth grace in front of his audience. Sherlock who has learned to express gratitude and speaking in perfect French.
A quiet sob escape his lips and he tried to cover it with his mouth. With a grieving heart, John closed his eyes. Some passersby touched him, asking him if he's alright in their language. But John couldn't care to listen. The music was the last straw.
The following instances had been rather awkward. John was walking with Ginny, the nurse as his date when he found a navy blue two piece-suit on display. He then proceeded to ask for Ginny's opinion about it. He kept on talking and explaining how Sherlock's lithe frame would fit all the sides of that suit only to realise he's been speaking to no one. In the end, he bought the suit and asked Mycroft to gift it to Sherlock, in the guise of it coming from the older brother. Mycroft eyed him in silence, just like Sherlock did the first time. It was nerve-wracking. But John was determined to show Sherlock that he should pay attention on feeling confident with how he looked at all times. Not just in front of people, and not just for a case. That he shouldn't listen to what others would say.
“He’s not the friend you know. That is a demon that copied your friend. A Djinn.” The man calmly explained although he started to look around them and in the shadowy trees outside.
John was aware of Sherlock's obsession with robes. So, when he thought of a gift for his husband for Valentine's Day, he already knew what to buy. That velvet robe Sherlock's been eyeing when they visited the same store before they got married.
Discreetly, John adjusted himself. Fuck. He hissed. He still felt sensitive and he hasn’t come. Fuck his life.
It was only then the realisation came into John. It was only then that he finally accepted his fate. That he finally accepted what he really feels. He stood in front of Mycroft, a hair's breath in between them as he told the imposing man; "I know you still could've done something to stop this from happening Mycroft. I wouldn't ask of you to tell me, because I'm sure half of this was Sherlock's. But I'm telling you now, as much as I want him — to be the first person to hear this — I love your brother. I am in love with him. I still am. And ..."
"Hush, boy." She said, glaring at Sherlock. "He's cuddling it and carrying it to his bedroom and I once saw him wearing it. But obviously, he knows he couldn't stop you from doing your job and your responsibilities as a doctor." She added gently to a stunned looking John.
John nodded. "No jokes around. It'll bring the colour of your eyes. So, you won't overwear your favourite dressing gowns."
John chuckled, tiptoed and kissed Sherlock’s lips. “Yes, you will. It completes your fashion model look."
"So?" John mouthed against the skin of his neck felt that made him shudder. It wasn't 'goodbye'. John won't —
John scoffed. "I doubt it Mycroft," he cocked his gun and got out of the car. "Your brother admires you more than you think. Where do you think those severed body parts go after he's finished with it?"
When the giving of rings came next John breathed out a sigh and hopefully all the negative thoughts that almost claimed him earlier when Sherlock collapsed in front of him. Sherlock hasn't had an attack for a long while, until now. And John silently blamed himself for that. Maybe he shouldn't have surprised Sherlock at all. Maybe Sherlock's emotions from the secrecy he made Greg swore into as he asked the favour to get his fiancé to the hall from Baker Street has triggered a flashback. It didn't helped that Greg came back telling him that Sherlock hadn't believed. He almost gave up. To hell with the preparations he made for two days. Nor the shame he would've gone through if Sherlock hadn't arrived. John can just choke it all up and tell everyone that he forgot the date of their wedding day. That it was really scheduled for Valentine's. But then Mycroft saved the day. And here they are.
The music faded and the officiant's voice surrounded them. Firm and clear and Sherlock took the following minutes to heart, his eyes into John's in front of him, as he held out his hands and John reached for them with his familiar warmth.
John looked around in surprise, as the flat looked like those restaurants that has fairy lights inside. Every furniture as has been pushed to the side. With the exception of a table and two chairs situated in the middle of the flat. The dinner for two setting was complete with a red rose in a vase and a candle. Somehow, John felt transported when he and Sherlock first ate in Angelo's.
John felt the tears spill from his eyes and ran down his cheeks. Rosie has grown to be a smart, compassionate and open-minded kid.
He softly kissed Sherlock’s forehead before carefully disentangling himself. He walked towards Rosie’s mini bed located in the corner of their room checking on their daughter’s nappies. He fixed her blanket, smiling when she grabbed his fingers clutching the blanket with her eyes still closed.
“Alright, Mike. Calm the fuck down. What’s going on? Slowly, please.” He gave his friend a terse nod, when Mike took a deep breath. He waited for a few minutes, letting Mike calm down, before asking again.
Mycroft was afraid for his brother. That this time he wouldn't really be able to do something to save him. Then he was told about the Lazarus Plan. How Sherlock survived, and then the next Mycroft was telling him that Sherlock has feelings for him. Feelings more than friendship. That at the last moment they had contact, Sherlock told Mycroft that he should remain dead in John's memory.
John sighed, smiling stupidly just hearing his husband's voice. "Nothing, I can't handle. I just miss you and Rosie."
in the morning. In the years he'd been reigning as The Boss, no one ever dared to disobey his rules. One of them was prohibiting selling to teenagers and schools. But just recently, two reports from his contact on MET told him about a drug circulating the schools.
"Everything alright?" Mike asked from behind him. John turned to face Mike and found him eyeing him warily. "I heard a commotion..."
Half an hour later, a tapping sound caught their attention. When they both looked for it, it brought them to the bedroom where they found Rosie wearing garments larger than her. Their daughter walked head held up high with her little hands propped in both side of her hips. Rosie also wore Sherlock’s heels too large for her. John squinted at the sight while Sherlock laughed softly beside him.
Then John found himself being dragged in the middle of the rain. The tightness in his throat caused tears to form in his eyes. As the cold rain seeped through his clothes, a hand remained warm against Sherlock's.
Sherlock slowly walked towards him, stopping just inches away. John’s heart rate beat wildly against his chest as Sherlock leaned down making their breaths mingle.
When they reached the front yard again, John stood and waited until the man finished his own set of sticks. Then he cleared his throat. Because he knew the man would leave after it. Now, all he really wanted to know was who his man was and his name.
Oh, John remembered alright. How could he forget? Whenever his eyes met Sherlock’s, the man seductively smiles at him. Luckily, their bait worked. Sherlock pretended to be a model seeking for a part-time job. That was also the first time that John strangled the man with his bare hands before Sherlock even proved that the maniac was their killer.
Before John could react, Sherlock stepped forward towards him and leaned down with closed eyes, as their foreheads touched. John did the same as the loud applause surrounded them and the music earlier drowned the clapping.
"Greg!" John shouted over his shoulder as he kneeled down to take a look at the injured man before him. Broken high heels, ripped skinny jeans, and torn mesh see-through barely covering the pale skin that are bruised with a bleeding torso to add. There was a torn long wig lying on the ground next to the man's body. Training kicking in, John assessed the man. Gently he held the man's jaw turning it to him. Bruised cheekbones, bleeding nose and teeth, made John winced. He then took the man's pulse.
"Says the man who's only wearing a shirt and pyjamas. I'd rather you come back here now with me before you freeze your balls off."
John grinned and nodded as he excused himself to climb up the familiar flight of stairs to the chance he’s going to take. And a huge decision he’s going to make.
John smiled. "It's alright, Mrs Hudson. I know what you mean. Sherlock helped raising her. She's bound to adapt to some of his quirks. Anyway, uhm ... is he ... Is he finished? With what he's doing? He basically shooed us out earlier this morning."
“Wait. What?” Dumbfounded, John stood up and slowly walked towards the door. He paused, went back to the other corner, kneeled and pressed himself on the floor to reach for the black secured box where his service firearm lay nestled wrapped in fabric. He pushed the box under again then stood up to walk towards the door.
In September, once Harry started school, John took on working with the Monroe’s again, but only part-time – only when Harry was at school, and only on his better days. They were very lenient about John’s schedule; since Harry had to pass by the Monroe’s home on her walk to school about an hour before John was due in, on days where John woke up before Harry left for school and he felt like he couldn’t go in that day, all he had to do was write a note and Harry would slip it under the door of the Monroe’s on her way to school. In many ways, helping his sister and his boyfriend was so much easier than working as a doctor.
“Because no one in Twelve goes down into the mines until they’re eighteen,” he said. “Coal dust doesn’t exactly do wonders on a child’s lungs – they’d be dead before their second reaping, and then what?”
Sherlock, still holding onto John’s hand, led him to the center of the dancefloor, speaking to him as they went:
“I know the rules,” Sherlock informed him, frustrated – he had helped Dean make them, for fuck’s sake – and then collected himself. “But thank you,” he added hastily, and the guard nodded.
“I’m telling you, they don’t like you –” Sherlock tried to tell John, for the umpteenth time. It was a Sunday afternoon in late May, and Sherlock and John were spending the rest of the daylight hours of their weekend traversing the woods beyond the fence of District 12, as they normally did.
Honestly I'm only posting this to be like "hey so I was rereading Mockingjay and I feel like Octavia would be more likely to make a comment about Sherlock and John's sex life as opposed to Venia SO I just went through and switched Venia's name with Octavia"
“Unsupervised, I know. I’m not asking for them to come in with me – they can wait outside – he doesn’t even have to know they’re there. But I need them to be there, for me. I can’t do it without them. So I ask you: can I wake them up?”
Sherlock smirked, because he didn’t know Hannibal had the capacity to care about anything, much less another person.
“I need any footage the Hunger Games archives have of Mycroft Holmes. Any time a camera catches sight of him, I want to see it. I know that’ll take time, so don’t worry about it tonight. Can you do that for me, please?”
Mycroft was right – nothing was sacred, and nothing would ever be sacred again. He was losing everything, piece by piece, and it could never, ever be mended.
Harry was seeming to have a bit more trouble coming out of the mindset of watching their Games play out before them, for it took her a few seconds of staring at Louise, mouth slightly agape, before realizing that she had been spoken to. After the moment had passed, Harry quickly raised her hand to meet Louise’s.
“We have two hours – wanna try something,” Sherlock muttered. He got off of John, and – just as John fully realized how painfully obvious it was that John’s blood had rushed to the lower part of his body – Sherlock kneeled down before him, situating himself between John’s legs.
IT'S THE BLOODBAAAATH!!! So, trigger warning: child death/murder, because there is a three year old and a ten year old in the Arena. Super non-detailed, besides "there was blood" and a quick description of what was done.
“Mycroft, he…he wanted me to ask you to – to marry me,” Sherlock said, and it seemed like, from the way Sherlock was gripping onto John’s hand, that it was taking some amount of physical effort for Sherlock to make sure his words were being spoken slowly enough for them to make sense – so he wouldn’t have to repeat himself. “In the Capitol. On the Victory tour. On Caesar Flickerman’s stage, specifically – during the check-in interview. He – he said it would tie our story up nicely; keep us together, keep us safe. And it would get the Capitol out of our hair, because that’s what they were waiting for us to do next. The faster we were married, the faster the Capitol would leave us alone.”
“Mycroft,” he breathed, and, though he could see Sherlock fighting to keep his expression neutral, John could see the pain in his eyes. “Are you sure you’re okay?” he asked, and Sherlock avoided John’s eyes to answer:
reason why you were there –” Sherlock explained, his voice growing more and more frantic with every word.
Just as night fell over the Arena, and John and Mycroft settled upon going to the Penthouse for the night, Aurora Blake found Sarah Sawyer in sector thirteen, and chased her into sector twelve, which contained a minefield. The entire sector contained underground bombs scattered with no rhyme or reason and were virtually undetectable by the untrained eye.
Sherlock had been to the Memorial and its park a few times since its opening, the day of the two-year anniversary of the Battle for Panem. Of course, he had been to visit the Memorial itself every year, to commemorate Mycroft’s passing (though this was the first year he had gone with his children), but there were also a small handful of other times Sherlock found himself at the park.
“Yes, but I am a Holmes. As you’ve noticed, we rarely sleep. You, however, should get to bed; it’s four in the morning.”
At the sound of those words, the silent room seemed to lose all sense of sound – like a vacuum had suddenly stolen it all – and John knew exactly why.
“The Ravenstag’s following him,” John recapped as Mycroft stepped out, wearing a grey suit, a blue sash that matched John’s, and a top hat. “Is that the hat Louise was talking about?”
Sherlock then felt someone – Alexander, he realized – grab his shoulders and pull him away, as someone else – John, John Watson, his John – pried Sherlock’s fingers from Mycroft’s grey blazer. And the worst part – the part that made him start to scream wordlessly with grief – was that he felt his body betraying him once again, allowing for them to take Sherlock away from his brother’s side.
And before John or Harry could even think of an argument, Alexander was leading them back through the door he came out of, and a knot in John’s stomach began to form – and he could feel it growing with every step.
anyone else, Sherlock,” John said, the lights below reflecting in his tearful eyes. “You are the best man, the most human...human being that I’ve ever known, and no one will ever come close to measuring up to you. Before you, I was so alone, and I owe you so much. After you, Sherlock, I won’t be able to find anyone else.” He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s again. “I’d rather have you.”
“Oh, fuck no. Spiders? Seriously?” Harry asked, lagging behind Sherlock as he crossed into the next section of the Arena – an area that was completely overrun by spiders of all shapes and sizes, all of them having taken it upon themselves to cover most of the area with their webs. “Can we go back around? Back to the shore, maybe? Please?”
If Sherlock believed that anything came after death, he might’ve said something about the fact that he was at least with his sibling (whoever that might’ve been, Sherlock didn’t remember) again, now. But instead, he nodded slowly.
“I love you,” Sherlock echoed, repeating the motions, and leaned forward, pressing his lips to John’s.
Antonia had killed five people at the same time in order to win the Hunger Games, and now she had just pulled a knife out in front of John. He didn’t want to think badly of her, but what else was he to think?
“And you think your reply will take you five minutes?” Dean asked, and for a second Sherlock could see the real question in his eyes – whether or not the world was going to lose both of the Holmes boys within a span of thirty six hours.
But, I couldn’t do anything to change their minds.” Finally, the prep team backed away, and Mrs. Hudson grinned at John. “There, now we can hug properly!” she said, and hugged him again. And finally, with his arms free, he was able to hug her back.
And, with that, Sherlock thanked the boy again – thanked them all – and rejoined John and the others, interlacing his fingers with John’s, and letting them lead him back to the Penthouse.
These thoughts and questions ran in circles around John’s mind all night, while Sherlock laid asleep next to him, until he too fell asleep.
For Sherlock, the hardest part of the return to District 12 was not their departure from the train, or the dozens of people who approached him to offer apologies for the murder they took no part in, or the walk through District 12 to reach the Victor’s Village. The hardest part for Sherlock came in two parts: entering the Victor’s Village, where he had to walk past the house where his boyfriend’s parents were murdered because of him, and then entering his house – the house he now inhabited alone.
“I wanted to give you time,” Sherlock replied, exasperated. “Everything was just one big event after another for you and I didn’t want to add a wedding to that. I wanted to give you a normal relationship – as normal as it could have been, considering. I wanted to do it at the right time – because we loved each other and because
John was on the fifth floor – he would never forget that it was the fifth floor – when he encountered a space that was almost completely empty. There were no Avoxes coming up or down, but there was someone there. John turned the corner, and almost bumped right into a man in a tribute’s training suit. He looked up, about to kiss Sherlock or scold him or both, and his heart was crushed by the sight of a forty-year-old man in glasses, smoking a cigarette.
“It’s pretty,” Sherlock replied, and they didn’t move from that spot until it was finally gone from their sights.
Sherlock didn’t respond to that letter. In fact, he didn’t respond to any of Harry’s letters after that, and he still didn’t pick up the phone. She sent a few more letters and called multiple times over the course of the next few months, but she finally gave up, starting her final letter with the fact that she would have travelled all the way to District 12 to drag him out into the sunlight, but she knew that he would just lock the door and not even face her, at this point. She announced that the letter that he was reading would be her last, but he was always welcome to call or write to her or make his way to District 9 or respond in any way. In fact, she hoped he would find it within himself to respond, but she refused to beg.
“You loved him, didn’t you?” Sherlock murmured, and Dean smirked in reply, although it didn’t reach his eyes.
After what seemed like forever, the recap finally ended, but as Sherlock and Harry left the stage without much ceremony, something seemed wrong. It took John a second to figure out what it was, but as soon as he figured it out he spoke his concern aloud.
Sherlock could feel his bottom lip trembling – his hands shaking as his eyes watered – and he fought to look disinterested in whatever Harry was saying.
Mycroft watched his brother as he trailed off, his eyes sad and thoughtful, thinking back to that time in his life.
“I don’t mind, really. Honestly, I sort of enjoy doing the paperwork; it keeps my mind off of things. Not to mention the fact that I believe you’ve had a little too much excitement this year to fill these out.”
But he would. Of course, he would. John still had all of his family – Sherlock wasn’t going to be the one to break that. Mycroft could live without him –
“Thank you, sir; I can go on by myself from here,” Mycroft said, attempting to keep the edge out of his voice. The Peacekeeper nodded and left from the way he came, and as soon as he was gone, Mycroft went to the nearest bench against the wall, sat down, and put his head in his hands.
“My name is John Watson. I am eighteen years old. I am on this train, on my way to District Nine. It’s five...” he trailed off, unsure.
want to hear those words just then. They still had one last night together; John didn't want to say goodbye yet.
As soon as he was on top of him, he began punching Magnussen’s stupid old-man face, breaking his glasses and bloodying his fists and Magnussen’s eyes with the fragments. Just when he was actually beginning to feel the pieces of glass that were now lodged into his knuckles, Magnussen’s hands found Sherlock’s throat, and a knee connect with his gut, forcing all the air out of his lungs and then stopping him from getting it back.
Because Sherlock, after everything, truly didn’t believe it – that anyone could be in love with him.
John couldn’t sleep that night. He would’ve thought that maybe he could have considering the fact that the Games were over and both Sherlock and Harry were alive, but the thought that they were both in the Capitol, just a number of floors below him, kept him wide awake.
sword?) he made a weak spot in the bark of the nearest tree, and then pushed the spile the rest of the way through. Almost immediately, water dripped out of the spile, and Sherlock filled up his canteen and removed the spile before finally moving on.
At the front door to the mansion stood two more Peacekeepers with guns in their arms, and they stood to attention as they approached the steps leading up to the porch they stood upon. John nearly jumped out of his skin when the Peacekeeper behind them called up to them.
“Sherlock and I had played deductions with the two of you after I returned from the Arena, after we all met. Sherlock had said she was one to get loud when she was angry, but I added when she’s livid she becomes dangerously quiet. Turns out that we were both correct.”
“I’ll be back soon,” he promised his family, then looked up at John as Hamish let go of Sherlock. “Would you mind, giving me a minute…?”
“Like you and Jim Moriarty weren’t so different after all,” John guessed quietly, his voice a monotone, just barely realizing that he had said Moriarty’s name for the first time since he had returned home from
John Watson was surrounded by trees – in the Hunger Games Arena. He heard movement in the woods around him – other tributes, all ready to kill him – and he wanted to run, but something was holding him back – something important –
“District Thirteen?” Harry asked, awed and confused at the same time, but Coin immediately homed in on Sherlock, stepping forward.
“First, I want my fingers to heal. Second, I want to teach sign language to everyone, in every District. I mean, Ten can’t be the only District with deaf people in it, right? I want to teach the language, so everyone knows it and everyone can communicate with it.”
He thought of Sherlock’s arms, covered in scars from the amount of times he put a needle into his skin, scars that did not increase heavily in number after Mycroft’s death, simply because Sherlock had either reused injection spots or injected the drugs in veins that John wouldn’t immediately notice, like the ones in his feet.
“By the way – I’m impressed by your skill with a syringe back there in the Arena – it was amazing, honestly. It didn’t even bruise Sherlock or anything; for that being your first time even picking up a syringe that’s amazing.”
“And you came anyway,” Magnussen said, stepping forward, and Sherlock glanced quickly at the ground, making sure he was behind the designated yellow line. “Are we no longer on a first-name basis?” he asked, changing the subject, slightly disappointed.
“No – I took everything he had, remember? He promised –” John sighed, frustrated, covering his face with his hand for a second, not believing that Sherlock would do this to them again – he was doing
Snow was lying, that was obvious. For a cheating, power hungry president, he was, in this instant, at least, a terrible liar. Unless, of course, he did not mind that Mycroft knew about his involvement in John’s disappearance, because he knew, or he at least thought he knew, that Mycroft was unable to do anything about it.
“Apparently so. He was pissed, but he promised not to tell mom and dad, which...we don’t really have to worry about, anymore, I guess...” She took another swig of her beer, and spoke as Sherlock opened his mouth to give his condolences. “Don’t worry – I’m going back to ‘Cold Turkey Status’ when I’m done here,” she went on, nodding to the bottle. She then looked up at Sherlock, her eyes searching him, deep in thought.
“Good morning, everyone, and, again, I personally thank you all for arriving here on such short notice, especially on the day of the memorial service for those who had lost their lives during the other night’s rebellion. I know that everyone is curious as to why I’ve asked for everyone to be here, and that answer will come to all of us very shortly.” Hannibal paused, and took a moment to survey the room, his eyes seeming to land on each face in front of him. “Although, looking around now, I feel that quite a few people here might have a sneaking suspicion as to what this could be about – or, at least, they have a hope.”
“It’s short for Mychael, but yes, it’s with a ‘y.’ We were going to name him Oliver, after my father, but when I gave birth to him the night of the rebellion… Mychael just fit. We didn’t even discuss it – we just started calling him Myc. I mean, Mycroft was the reason why Mychael even existed, and he was born a few days early, right as Mycroft was saving Panem; it made sense.”
Or maybe he could ask him something that would make Sherlock seem actually interested in whatever Hannibal wanted Sherlock to befriend him for.
“I just – I needed some air – It was suffocating in there, John. I couldn’t stop thinking about everything – everyone – me – I just couldn’t breathe,” Sherlock tried to explain, and John remembered exactly where Sherlock had been found – where his brother had found him and dragged him back to the training room –
“You already do that – it doesn’t matter if you’re yourself or not,” John informed him, and Sherlock nodded, a small smile on his face.
“Sherlock, right now, what are you thinking?” Caesar Flickerman asked, putting his microphone in front of Sherlock’s mouth. It was only then did Sherlock realize he was crying.
“Barely,” Sherlock muttered. It seemed like everything John did to find his talent was just so uncharacteristic, but this was probably one of the most un-John things John was doing.
But none of it felt real – not really, at least not for Sherlock. The park in place of the training center; the Watson’s house in District 12’s Victor’s Village that John and Harry had let Dean turn into a Mockingjay Rebellion museum while Mycroft’s room remained untouched next door; the ability to travel from District to District and the severe lack of starving families within each District; all of it seemed completely unreal – too good to be true, in Sherlock’s eyes. There were mornings where he’d be afraid to open his eyes, afraid that everything in the past eight years had been nothing but a dream and he was just going to wake up in District 12 on the morning of his reaping – or worse, John or Mycroft’s reapings. There were still times where the Capitol’s seal would appear on the television screen and Sherlock would expect to see President Snow making an announcement instead of Dean Bainbridge. But then he’d hear Hamish’s voice or Rosie’s babble or cry, or feel the touch of John’s hand, and he’d be back. And no matter what, the world never took Sherlock back in time, yanking this beautiful life he had built with John out from under his feet as if it was all one huge, cruel joke.
“You said something about a meeting, and considering that someone from District One was calling you, not just anyone but the brother of the girl who lived next door to the Magnussen brothers – which, geographically, made her an easy target – it wasn’t a very difficult leap to make,” Sherlock explained, shrugging, and John nodded, because really, he shouldn’t have been at all surprised.
As soon as his sister had given his boyfriend permission to greet him first, Sherlock Holmes ran to John, hugging him so tightly he couldn’t breathe, lifting him up and spinning him around, obviously high on adrenaline. As soon as his feet touched the ground, Sherlock kissed him, and the world seemed to blur around them, just for a moment. When their lips parted, Sherlock wiped John’s eyes of the tears that had apparently began streaming down his face as they kissed, grinning like a madman, and gave him one last peck on the lips before passing him over to his sister.
It had been nine years, eleven months, twenty-nine days, nineteen hours, thirty-two minutes, and twenty-seven seconds since Mycroft’s death, not ten years. It was
“I guess Mycroft saw you eyeing them up through a shop window in the Capitol during John’s victory tour,” he went on as Sherlock stepped forward, closer to the violin. “He was planning on buying you one for your birthday next year, but when the Quell was announced he bought it early.”
“I – I’ll stop – I didn’t know it was keeping you up,” he stuttered, keeping his eyes locked on his brother’s, trying to stay guarded. Yes, Mycroft could read him like a book, but there were some things – some important things – that Mycroft didn’t see. He hoped that, as long as he didn’t act as if he had something to hide, Mycroft wouldn’t call his bluff.
“Happy Hunger Games, and may the odds be ever in your favor,” Mrs. Hudson concluded, not even bothering to hide her sadness this time, and the anthem of Panem played as they were ushered into the Justice Building by the Peacekeepers.
“You’re high as a kite, aren’t you?” Mycroft asked, growing impatient as Sherlock took a bite of a cookie, leaving the other one for Harry.
Sherlock felt the need to – the desire to – the pull to go see Mycroft, as well, to speak to him, to say goodbye, but he couldn’t feel his legs.
“It’s okay – I know how that feels –” John started, but Sherlock’s brain had already gone somewhere else. He bent his head forward, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes.
“That’s the point though,” John said, cutting him off. “As soon as they took away my prosthetic, I couldn’t do anything. I didn’t know it was that easy to completely immobilize me...”
“Oh, so you’re on nickname terms with each other, wonderful,” Sherlock said, sarcastic. “Now, what does she call you? Jo? J? You can only shorten ‘John’ so much, you know.”
Instantly, flashes of cameras filled their eyes and the sounds of various Capitol paparazzi asking various questions filled their ears.
“You didn’t,” he murmured, and John turned back to him to see Sherlock staring at him, wide-eyed, surprised by his own deduction and how quickly it came. Sherlock knew exactly where he had been, and, by the lack of hope in his eyes, he also knew what John had done.
“In your Hunger Games specifically, is there anyone who you killed that you feel guilty about, even now?”
“Mind palace,” Sherlock whispered, feeling his own crumbling down in preparation of his death; feeling so incredibly stupid –
“No way – Moriarty was real, like you said. People have been pretty split on the whole thing ever since you won. All the mentors believe the Jim Moriarty we saw was who he really was, and the whole ‘Richard Brook’ thing was just a way to make the Capitol look innocent. I mean, sure, his birth certificate might say Brook, but we all know who he really was inside – there was no mistake about that, and no mental illness like they’re saying he had. Anyway, I wanted you to know that if you need anything at all, come find me. We gotta stick together, right? You and I together make an entire set of legs, you know.”
“Mycroft Holmes...was a great person – a great brother. He’s also made me a better person – I’ve always believed that John was to blame for this, but I’ve realized now that they both share the responsibility. And...” Sherlock looked down at his notes again, preparing himself for what was next. “...I learned that too late. Before I went to into the Hunger Games Arena, I wished more than anything that I could somehow prove to the world that I wasn’t the cold-hearted person I always was, and when I came back – when I came back with a second chance at life – I decided that I wanted to do just that. I wanted to be better. I wanted to be better to the people around me. But I... I had left one very important person out of that, and that’ll haunt me for the rest of my life. For some reason, it never occurred to me that Mycroft deserved some of that kindness too – probably because we were brothers and that’s what brothers do, but now I can’t do anything to change what I had done. He spent almost his entire life looking out for me...and I took it all for granted.”
“Why didn’t you?” John asked, trying not to sound disappointed that Sherlock didn’t propose to him – didn’t marry him before going off into the Arena. “Propose, I mean.”
She quickly descended the tree and started running, racing through the jungle, armed with two throwing knives, slicing anything that was in her way. All the while, the wisps of their remains passed through her and around her, slicing her skin like an icy, harsh wind and stealing her breath as they did, tossing her off-balance, as if it were a game.
“What?” John asked innocently, and all Mycroft did in return was widen his eyes, staring at him even more intently, if that was possible.
John nodded and stood up, taking the pen from Mycroft and adding onto his message. As soon as he did, Mycroft sent in the order.
“When I first offered to help Mycroft and Anthea, while Anthea agreed, Mycroft was…more than apprehensive, which I understood. But, the first day I came to help Anthea, I made an off-hand comment about a strategy that he was watching from a past Hunger Games, and he suddenly wanted to talk with me. He had no idea why I offered to help them, considering that I was also helping two tributes they would ultimately go against in a few days, but something in him made him finally agree to accept my help. Which…I think I’ll always be thankful for. After the final interview, the night before the Games, Mycroft asked to speak to me privately. He had found out minutes earlier that his mother had passed away, and that if he didn’t return from the Arena, there would be no one left to watch over his younger brother, little nine-year-old Sherlock Holmes. I agreed to meet with him, and we met on the roof of the training center. This was the first time that Mycroft told me – told anyone – that he was scared. And that was also the last time.
“But Sherlock,” John whispered, and Sherlock looked at him to find his face had paled – like he was afraid – “He knew. About everything.”
“Hey, I’m glad you’re here; I was just asking John if I could take some of the clothes the Capitol put in my room home with us and – oh no,” Harry murmured, stopping as she looked up and saw the faces of her friends, and the nervousness that was etched into their features. “What’s going on?” she asked, just as John joined her side.
At that moment, Sherlock remembered the blood – all the blood from the rain – and for a moment he thought it had all just been a hallucination from the venom, but then, looking closer at Harry, he noticed a red stain to her face – the red stain that she couldn’t scrub off – and he knew that the blood rain had been real. He looked down at the blood stains on his own hands, his arms, his sleeves –
That night, the reapings were broadcast. Everyone watched as five people over the age of fifty, a ten year old boy, a three year old boy, and two people with the same victor sibling were reaped into the Games. There were only four people who were in the regular tribute age-range: Sarah Sawyer and Thomas Birch (who strangely looked very similar to Sherlock) from District 8, and Sherlock and Harry.
Computer update: About a month ago, I was able to buy some time by putting my computer on my desk and not moving it at all ever. Now, DEATH IS IMMINENT. IT'S TERRIBLE.
It was probably obvious, what with the way he probably reeked of cigarettes and had a mark from where he clawed at his own face. What’s more, John was probably pale to the point of the color of snow, and he could feel his own hands shake, but didn’t dare look to see if he was right. It was entirely obvious – Sherlock would probably tell within seconds, unless he could tell by the look of triumph on Magnussen’s face when he saw him back in the training room, similar to the one he had left John with...
“You made it my business when you asked me where you could find condoms, Brother Mine,” Mycroft reminded him.
That’s all they could do – there was nothing more they could say. This was the end, Sherlock kept thinking as the hovercraft landed and the tributes were ushered by four Peacekeepers each out and into the catacombs – into the stockyards. They were walking the plank, marching to their deaths, all of them – and there was nothing they could to do about it.
Sherlock leaned away from John, just far enough to look into his eyes, so John could know how serious he was.
“I know, Harriet, and I’m sorry about the injustice of the situation. But,” Mycroft then pulled out two envelopes, and Sherlock quickly recognized John’s near-illegible handwriting,
“I dunno, Venia, we could do something with it –” the other woman in the prep team said, expensive hand on expensive chin.
Amazed, Sherlock nodded to the Ravenstag, and walked slowly past the beast. As soon as he dared, he broke out into a run, racing to try to find Harry, but he stopped again once he heard the rhythm of hooves following him. He spun around, and found the Stag following after him, only stopping once there were about ten feet between them.
Harry wiped her eyes – she had been silently crying as they walked down the halls of the Justice Building – and hugged Sherlock again.
– everyone here had laid themselves out for everyone to see, and they all saw Sherlock as a person enough to support him as he did the same. Everyone in this room was human – so unbelievably human – that Sherlock couldn’t just ignore them like he could the people of the Capitol that normally watched him onstage.
It was then they came to a stop at an intersection within the hallway – they could either go straight forward, to the left, or to the right. Going back the way they came was absolutely out of the question.
Finally, they reached the maze’s exit and dashed into the following sector, not knowing what was there, but knowing that, somewhere nearby,
As they made their way from table to table, tasting only what they both were interested in, Sherlock looked as if he had wanted to say something – in fact, his face turned a darker shade of red every time John looked at him.
“Don’t be mad at him,” Sherlock muttered, shutting John up immediately. “He thought we would be just as excited as he was.”
“Since everyone’s allowed to join the watch party, sometimes it’s difficult to find each other. The sponsors wear red sashes, and the mentors wear blue. It’s to tell each other apart from the other capitol citizens. As mentors, we also get this to carry around,” Mycroft said, presenting John with a contraption that looked like a remote control, with a touch screen instead of buttons and, when a certain command was made, a red light was activated from the opposite end.
“Of course,” John said, nodding. He almost laughed at himself, realizing what he was doing: planning out a future with Sherlock Holmes. “You know…”  he started, after sitting for a few moments in silence. “…I never thought we’d be friends.”
Sherlock tells John and Harry about his five minutes with Hannibal, but they do not tell Dean; Harry makes her own deduction.
“Hey,” John said, and Sherlock looked up at him, relief bright in his eyes. Since beginning his detox, Sherlock always looked at John like this whenever John returned to him from anywhere, even if it was just the other room, and every time he did, John was reminded of the hurt in his eyes the night that John had confronted him about the morphling. The guilt Sherlock was feeling for not telling John about it himself looked like it was killing him more than the morphling was. Honestly, John wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock was genuinely convinced that, every time John left the room, he really may not come back, this time, sick and tired of the lies and the way the morphling and the withdrawal made him – sick and tired of Sherlock himself, even. John made a mental note to have to have a talk with Sherlock later, to help Sherlock realize that he would never do such a thing, not in a million years. “How are you feeling?” he asked.
The first drawer contained ties and handkerchiefs and other accessories that one would add to their three-piece suit from the closet; the second held pairs of socks and underwear; the third drawer was for his Capitol-issued button-up pajamas - nothing that he could wear during the day without everyone knowing that they were, indeed, pajamas.
It took a few minutes of repeating the phrase, but he soon had calmed himself down enough to rinse the soap from his skin, to get out of the tub, brush his teeth, and get dressed.
“I can’t, Sherlock, I’m sorry,” John tried, putting a comforting hand upon his back. He hated seeing Sherlock like this, reduced to a sobbing, shaking mess, but he had to.
Option number two: John would be kept on suicide watch to keep the first option from happening. The watch team would include Alexander Waters, Louise Neal, Clover Frankland, Lindsay Cairnes, Lavinia, and Antonia Blake. Dean Bainbridge would want to, but he wouldn't be able to leave the Capitol for that long and that often (though he did make sure to keep tabs on him), and of course John would INSIST living in the Holmes household, because he would feel the need to torture himself like that.
He opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out, so he signed the word NO to her. She nodded, and then signed something completely unintelligible to him to the other two Avoxes, and they began to walk him up the stairs.
He thought back, back to when Dean had given Sherlock Mycroft’s possessions – just yesterday, amazingly –
“It’s okay,” Sherlock promised, even though it was not okay – that neither of them would ever be okay again.
“Probably the same way I was able to leave my recovery room to go find Harry a few hours later,” Sherlock replied, shrugging. “The point is that he
Sherlock had just barely registered that Harry had spoken before she launched herself toward Magnussen, hands aimed for his throat –
“That violin is yours, by the way,” Dean said, after a long moment, snapping Sherlock back to reality. “Did you notice it?”
“I’m sure you know that this knife was used in Hannibal Lecter Magnussen’s Arena,” she said. “He used one of these to kill Will Graham.”
and that’s it,” John said, crumpling the paper back up so small and tight he could hold it in a single balled fist.
“That’s a great start,” Mycroft said, sitting down at the foot of John’s bed. “If I may make a few suggestions –”
“Of course,” he replied. There was a moment of silence between them, and then Mycroft spoke again. “Are you packed?”
“I’m sorry; I’ll see about him leaving the two of you alone,” Dean said. He then sighed, adjusting his clothes, looking away from the two siblings, which affirmed John’s belief that whatever he had to tell them, it wasn’t good. “Now,” he said, and John could tell that he had no idea how to say what he wanted to tell them. “...Mycroft had allies stationed in each District – the parents who had lost their children in the Hunger Games. They had more of a reason to rebel, and enough anger at the Capitol to do it. But Mycroft wanted to keep your parents out of it, so word wouldn’t get back to you two.”
“Today,” Hannibal replied, and glanced at the clock behind Sherlock. “I spoke to my officials and they believe it would be a good idea, in the interest of my health. But, they needed a signature from either you, John Watson, or President Dean Bainbridge. They needed your consent to kill me.”
District 12 was so different at night – and, for the most part, Sherlock loved it. The world was bathed in darkness (or near-darkness, depending on the moon and clouds overhead), almost making it look completely different from what it looked like in the harsh light of day. It was quiet too; so quiet that, if Sherlock tried hard enough, he could believe for a moment that time had indeed stopped, even though the clock in his head that was counting every second since Mycroft’s death still ticked on. His favorite part though, was the lack of people. Sherlock could go anywhere he wanted to without running into anyone. There was no one awake to pass by him, or try and avoid or make eye contact with him, or stop him and ask him how he was doing. It was as if he was the only person in the world, but there were moments where that thought became too much for him, and he fought the urge to find the nearest house and bang on the door, just to see another human being. When his thoughts got like that, Sherlock went straight home, where he would check on both Harry and John, to ensure that they were both still breathing before sneaking back in bed next to his boyfriend.
“It’s fine.” As far as John was concerned, they could ask about anything they wanted; it didn’t matter, because both Sherlock and Harry were alive.
Harry didn’t reply, continuing to look him in the eye, glaring at him as if looks alone could kill and flinching on instinct with each flick of her face.
– for the rest of his life. Broken or unbroken, sad and dangerously thin or back to his usual self. No matter what, no matter who Sherlock was now, in the past, or in the future, John Watson wanted
“Yes, that’s right. Let’s see...” Sherlock looked up at the ceiling, thinking. “I’ll be...Sherrinford Hope,” he decided, and John laughed again – Sherlock was getting good at doing that.
“A few conversations with drunken Gamemakers at banquets made their way back to Seneca Crane. I hinted that it could really help the mentors and make the Games more interesting, and they agreed whole-heartedly. By the next day they couldn’t remember much, like who they had talked to, but the idea was in their head. After three years of doing this, enough people went to Seneca with ‘an idea they had’ or ‘something they were thinking about’, and finally Seneca agreed. We
Despite the bloodbath, the giant wave that knocked him off course, and the death of Archie Neal, Sherlock’s time in the Arena had been pretty uneventful. But that didn’t keep him from keeping his eyes peeled, and it was a good thing he did.
She nodded, and let go of the bag. Magnussen fell to his hands and knees, ripping the bag from his throat, gasping, just as he had left Sherlock moments ago.
The morning of the reaping ceremony, instead of wearing the dress her mother had picked out for her, Harry Watson came down the stairs in a black t-shirt and ragged black jeans, with gaping holes in the knees.
“Yeah – he found them and told them that he was making his own rebellion within Panem – the Mockingjay Rebellion – and that if they joined together they could save all of us. It took years to set everything into place, but we did it.”
“Be good for Papa, alright? Listen to him?” he asked, and Hamish nodded, wrapping his arms around his father’s neck.
“Ugh. Sentiment,” he muttered, and John half smiled, chuckling despite how badly Sherlock knew he also wanted to cry.
Still - Volcano Choir (I had to include it after putting Woods by Bon Iver in Sentiment, because Sequels)
“Sherlock Holmes, District Twelve,” he introduced himself, and then pointed at the first Gamemaker he made eye contact with. “Your name is Derick Meek and you betrayed your own brother to earn your position as a Gamemaker, but most of your peers wouldn’t know that, or even know that you have a brother, for that matter, since neither of you have spoken to one another since you got the job.” Before he could see the look on Derick’s face, his eyes scanned the lot for his next victim: “Curtis Duckett, you are the husband in a seven-year-long unhappy marriage – the birth of his first child sort of ruined it for him, and his second child was brought into the world to try to mend the relationship, poor thing. Didn’t seem to work though, seeing as you’ve started having an affair. Joni Lyman, you’re
“Wrong,” Sherlock said. He turned back to his team – to his family – he was looking for John – but instead found Harry’s eyes – the eyes of the girl he was trying to save. Magnussen thought he was just a drug addict, and so he didn’t see him as a threat. Maybe that would help him – or maybe that would make Magnussen think he was easy to get rid of. But if that was the case, he was going to prove him wrong. “I’m going to kill him.”
It turned out that Magnussen had struck the chord that had previously had never been touched, to Sherlock’s knowledge.
The mosquitoes that were used in the seventy-second Hunger Games were a creation that the Capitol had made, and they had a simple yet effective way of killing a victim who happened to cross their path at the wrong time. With needles that were so thin and sharp that no one ever noticed they were poking through their skin until it was too late, a few mosquitoes would suck their blood, injecting a virus that would most certainly kill them within the following five minutes, and then, once the victim was immobilized, the rest of the scourge would come, sucking their victim dry.
“I’m Raz, I’m from District Seven, and my brother Will’s in the Games.” Raz glanced at Mycroft. “I’m sorry about Sherlock,” he added, awkwardly.
The lobby split up into two directions, one on each side – one leading to the left side of the seating area, and one leading to the right side. They took to the right side, and entered the main part of the room.
After dinner that night, after the three were deemed “settled” in Sherlock’s house, Dean and Louise said their goodbyes – Dean had to go back to the Capitol to continue his presidential duties, and Louise had told her parents the night before that she would be on the last train going into District 9.
“Does this mean I can’t see John, either?” she asked, her words dripping with confusion and resentment. “He’s my brother – you two can visit – and fight over Sherlock’s Morphling drip, evidently – but John and I can’t?”
Watching her, now, Sherlock couldn’t help but think that Harry would be strong enough to live after the Hunger Games if he helped her make it there.
If All Goes Well by The Dear Hunter (for Mycroft gaining confidence about the Rebellion, just before it all goes to shit)
The shop owners and keepers of District 12, the ones who did business with Mycroft after he had won the Games, and their parents were no longer alive to be able to provide for Sherlock.
Mycroft and Dean Bainbridge were wrong about Antonia; the day after visiting District 3, John and his team went from District 2 to District 1 in one day, and no one spoke to any of them. John was glad for that, though – he really didn’t care about any of the Career victors. Not to mention the fact he didn’t feel like socializing much, anyway.
“As done as I’ll ever be,” he said. “Wrote something for everyone.” He fidgeted – a nervous tic John had – crossing his arms, then deciding that wasn’t what he wanted to do and putting his hands on his hips. Finally he looked out the window, but not seeing anything due to how dark it was. “All of my alliances,” he said, trying to speak casually, but Sherlock could tell he was carefully planning every word.
Sherlock went from Harry to the shore, hoping that Magnussen would be there. His eyes scanned around, and he quickly found the third of the Arena that contained Magnussen – the only area that was not either obscured with fog or quickly becoming covered with snow. He looked to the Cornucopia – the island in the exact center of the Arena – and could see a long table filled with the Capitol’s finest food, just waiting for the final three tributes.
When Mrs. Hudson left, Sherlock looked down at John, and John looked away, back out the window, and Sherlock knew that the moment was gone. That’s all they were, really – just moments floating through time, rising and falling as quickly as a page in a book turned. There were moments where they were in some form of love, and they talked openly and shared their feelings and thoughts and secrets and didn’t mind being an item for the Capitol, because they were
Before Harry could react, or Sherlock could ask for specifics, Caesar interrupted them, walking from the place he and Mycroft were standing at center of the stage to where the three kids were standing, and held out his microphone to John’s mouth.
Sherlock searched the case desperately, nearly dumping it out in his efforts, but that was all that the Capitol provided him with.
“Here, they’ve been passing these out,” Louise said, offering a sheet of paper to each of them. John took the paper and quietly thanked Louise, while Mycroft accepted the paper and glanced it over before politely handing it back to her. “I don’t think Crane realized how complicated these Games’ details were to remember until it was too late.”
“Do you think it’s because of the Morphling that you survived?” she asked. “Maybe they share a similar property or something – you had built a tolerance to that, so maybe you did to the tracker jackers too?”
“When I woke up, he was there. He lowered the pain meds going into my IV so I’d wake up from the pain –”
Mycroft Holmes stood at the side of the train, under the lights of the fuel shed, smoking a cigarette, watching the snow falling in the distance.
But I'm just really thankful of all the support I've gotten over the past three years or however long it's been since I started posting this fic. It really keeps me going and I'm always really touched when one of you talks to me or shoots me a message (Seriously, Beatrice's message made me start crying in the car on the way home from work in front of my mother). And I wanted to thank everyone for being so patient - I know I keep pushing the deadline back but no one's gotten pissed about it and that always helps my anxiety stay in the chill zone.
John, having heard the end of Sherlock’s goodbye and of the interview as a whole, kissed Sherlock as soon as they reached the backstage area again, in front of everyone, and that was the only good part about their day. As soon as their lips parted and they looked into each other’s eyes, something in John’s head made a decision, and before he could change his mind, he was leading Sherlock back to the training center without even saying a word of goodbye to their siblings. Once they were in the stairwell, John urgently led the two of them up the stairs, pausing every few minutes to kiss Sherlock again (careful not to stop on the fifth floor), reminding himself of his end goal.
Despite the fact that Mycroft would've ensured that Charles Augustus Magnussen was killed before he would allow himself to die, there isn't much to say about this timeline:
Sherlock quickly spun around at the sound, his sword raised, ready to attack whoever was behind him, but there was no one in sight. His eyes scanned the area, looking for any signs of life, but there were none –
Sherlock looked up from the writhing body of Seneca Crane and saw John Watson, lowering a Peacekeeper’s gun.
As soon as he reached the bottom of the stairs, he found Harry walking by – from the kitchen to the sitting room.
“Give them back,” Sherlock ordered, hating himself for how much the demand sounded like begging, and Hannibal finally let the chain slide from his fingers, letting the tags fall back onto the nightstand with a clatter.
The Capitol was blessed (if one could call it that) with a twenty-four hour livestream of the Games during the night, while the Districts were allowed to sleep and wait anxiously for the next update when the broadcast resumed in the morning. When he learned this, John naturally had it in his head that he would stay up all night. He didn't want to sleep until Harry was either back at the Capitol, safe and sound, or the other option that he refused to think about.
MEANWHILE Mycroft was in his office, shoveling down one cake as he wrapped the other one to bring back home. In gauze.
“RUN!” Sherlock shouted at Harry, even as she took aim and hit the woman in the side with her arrow while she was distracted, even as Sherlock felt a sharp pain in his neck.
Again he thought of Sherlock as a father – of himself as a father – he thought of the fact that he and Sherlock had fallen in love and would never be able to live out their lives happily together. He thought of all the mentors – every single one, and what they faced each day, waking up from nightmares to the flashbacks they had to relive over and over –
John’s heart immediately broke for Clover upon hearing the names of the fallen from District Ten – it broke for everyone in that room. None of these people deserved any of this, but this is what they all got. Watching everyone mourn for so many different people was so much worse than mourning on his own – but, at the same time, it felt better to mourn with all of these people, instead of by himself. All of these people knew exactly how he felt. But that didn’t mean it wasn’t still breaking his heart. And, glancing over at Sherlock, who was absolutely in pieces beside him, John knew that his heart was going to break again – break worse than it had ever been broken before – very, very soon.
As soon as Magnussen climbed up onto the embankment and stood up, he came face-to-face with Helen Hewlett, and John watched as Magnussen raised his brother’s knife, slit her throat, and pushed her into the water, sneering. He turned around to get punched in the face by Elizabeth Smallwood, and he responded only by stabbing her in the chest.
“Wait – when did you all start working?” he asked, and the answer was spoken by each person all at once, all of them overlapping, all of them the same: age twelve.
“Hello, Harry. I know, it can be terrifying up there, but you did great. Both of you did,” she reiterated, glancing at Sherlock, and then back to Harry. “I love your hair, by the way.”
And John turned around and saw Sherlock staring at him, and instantly knew that he hadn’t heard a word whatever John had said after that moment, knew that the gears in his head had been turning since the words came out of John’s mouth.
And now there was Sherlock – now he was hiding from Sherlock, desperate to keep the truth from him. Again, he used Mycroft’s presence as a shield to keep Sherlock from speaking about private matters, and when Mycroft wasn’t available he used Harry or Mrs. Hudson – anything to keep Sherlock from being alone with him.
I’m so fucking tired of people doing this to him! It doesn’t matter if they’re from the Capitol or Twelve or wherever – they’re
He remembered that part particularly – and probably would for a long time. When he woke up, he realized he had been put into a fold-into-the-wall bed; as soon as he remembered the events that had led him there, he had sprang up ready to try to break out of the room he was trapped in. He swung his legs over the side of the cot – he only noticed that the bunk was so high up that his feet didn’t touch the floor a second before he jumped off the bed altogether. It was when he fell on his ass on the floor that he found out he had been feeling phantom limb in his leg all that time, and came to the horrifying realization that his prosthetic was missing.
John and Mycroft hung back and let Mr. and Mrs. Watson said their goodbyes; the two mentors would be spending the next eight days saying goodbye every way they knew how. Mrs. Watson was bawling, and Mr. Watson even had tears in his eyes as he hugged Sherlock, and then held both sides of his head in his callused palms.
John then seemed to realize he was surrounded by citizens of the Capitol who had no idea what sort of feud had been going on between them over John's facial hair, for he stopped glaring at Sherlock and Harry and turned to his prep team and Mrs. Hudson.
The night of the rebellion, a Capitol hovercraft dropped a small bomb upon the bread shop just after the broadcast cut off, the mayor’s daughter explained to them as they stood, their mouths slightly agape, taking in the wreckage. But a part of John wasn’t surprised or, at least, not surprised as he could have been. Of course the Capitol would destroy the bakery and nothing else – that was the place where John and Sherlock met. That was the place where John was inspired to speak to Sherlock, all those years ago.
The mourning of the deaths of Steven and Julia and the celebration of Sherlock fully returning to the Hunger Games was cut short by the news that the Hunger Games had reached its final six tributes.
Because, at that moment, that’s who he was. And, at that moment, Mycroft was an actual Peacekeeper, leading him to what would be his elation and his doom – to Sherlock and Harry.
. But I was. And I know there’s no palace in there – not anymore. You can tell John whatever you want and I won’t contradict you but I know you’re not thinking – you’re freaking the fuck out. You’re freaking out because of the memories you have of the Games, you’re freaking out because you have no fucking idea how you’re gonna live without Mycroft, and now you’re freaking out because of Hannibal and the fact that you don’t trust yourself – which is fuckin’ stupid because you’re the best man that John and I know and you would never stoop down to Hannibal Lecter Magnussen’s level. So it’s fine if you can’t trust yourself because we trust you enough to make up for whatever the hell you’re worrying about. So there’s my deduction.”
It was better than this. She could at least avoid the tracker jackers – she couldn’t avoid or hide from or protect herself from the ghosts.
John and Mycroft have a heart-to-heart while the Capitol excitedly waits for the next day to arrive; Sherlock and Harry anxiously await the finale.
“Don’t worry,” Sherlock said quietly from beside John as they stood together, side by side in the elevator. “I’m not going to be clever. I’m just going to keep it simple and brief.”
“What? No –” Sherlock started, trying to drag the drip’s pole away from Mycroft, but he also held onto the pole. “Get off – what are you doing?”
Of course, Sherlock knew this from the beginning – he felt like he was prepared for it, up until this moment, but now…
“They’ll leave us alone after this, you know – they have no reason to drag me out except for mentoring, and by that time they’ll be excited over the new tributes. And after that, I won’t be the new victor anymore,” John said as he crossed the room and went into the bathroom.
Mycroft was dead, and Sherlock Holmes was falling apart. In fact, his brilliant mind seemed to go into a downward spiral with grief. As John and Alexander pulled him forward, with Harry behind them, he threw himself backwards, trying to break free from their grip, screaming all the way.
The first package – the larger of the two – was for Sherlock, and it contained a new jumpsuit and a medkit, along with a small note, the first sentence written in Mycroft’s neat Capitol-esque hand, and the second written in John’s nearly-illegible scrawl:
So, body still aching, Sherlock stood up, climbed back up the tree, and retrieved his boot from the loop it was still stuck in. He couldn't remember a field of broken glass in any of the other Hunger Games Arenas, but he'd like to still have some sort of foot protection, just in case...
And when John Watson stepped into Sherlock’s room, he found Sherlock Holmes, standing in his lilac swimsuit, tears rolling down his cheeks.
“Do you honestly believe I have the capacity to do what my brother did to your – what shall I call him? Your lover? Your partner?” Hannibal asked.
A few minutes later, Sherlock and John stood, dressed in their previously discarded shirts and pants, at the edge of the roof, leaning on the chest-high barrier, looking down at the streets of the Capitol and watching its citizens – partying, naturally.
John looked up at Dean, a smile merely playing on his lips. “Neither did I,” he replied, slightly dazed.
“I think they’ll be able to finally live the lives they’ve deserved – without their mothers living in fear of what their father could do,” Sherlock mused, just as he felt some water dripple on his head. He looked up to find storm clouds, and rain beginning to pour down. He looked at his hands and sighed, turning back to Harry. “I think this is the best they’re gonna get,” he decided, wiping his hands on his pants and making his way back.
If it were last year and Harry and Sherlock were to go into the Arena together – against each other – Sherlock would be fine. Harry would win, and Sherlock would make sure of that. But now, it felt like he was being stabbed in the heart when he thought of it – of what that plan would entail. For once – for
“I’ll see you in five minutes,” Sherlock promised, looking at both of the Watson siblings in turn, and the two surviving Watsons took their leave from the foyer, walking down the hallway that Dean had pointed them in the direction of.
“YES,” he nearly shouted, which caused the audience to erupt into laughter, sounds of adoration, and cheers. Embarrassed by his sudden outburst, he shrunk back in his seat, and Mycroft, who was on his right side, placed his hand on his shoulder, and Harry, on his left, held tighter onto his hand than she had been already holding. Both of them smiled at him – Mycroft’s was a mess of emotion, happy for him and apologetic that it had taken this long and brotherly – and Harry’s seemed just as excited as he felt.
His head tilted toward the dance floor in the center of the room, as if trying to remind himself of his end goal, and then he glanced up – looking everywhere except for John’s eyes.
“To get in the water! Seriously, what is wrong with you, today?” he asked, and Sherlock truly didn’t know – it was like his brain short-circuited the second John took off his clothes, and now that he was naked in front of him…Sherlock had been more than distracted by it.
They were silent for a few moments, listening to the sounds of celebration going on below. “It won’t matter after tomorrow, anyway,” Sherlock murmured. “That’s what I keep thinking – nothing’s going to matter after tomorrow. It’ll just be that Arena and Harry.”
Sarah Sawyer was the only tribute working by themselves, now that Sherlock and Harry had found each other again. She had found a home in sector thirteen, which contained leeches from the twenty-ninth Hunger Games, which were easy to survive as long as Sarah didn’t step in a pool of water. Luckily, though, she knew how to use the spile that was provided for her by the Capitol, and felt no need to disturb the creatures that lived in the pools of freshwater, and since the Capitol didn’t see a reason to make the leeches land-dwelling creatures, the leeches didn’t disturb her.
There wasn’t a day that was harder than Victor’s. John followed Mycroft’s orders: he did not apologize for winning, or even living longer than the people he was talking about. In District 8, he spoke of how young Molly was, and how brave she had been for making it farther than any twelve-year-old had in a long while. District 7 was as easy as it could be – John had never spoken to either Paul Dimmock or Lucy Harrison. District 7 had the highest amount of victors out of the nine outer Districts – seven victors in all, six of them still alive. District 7 held the oldest of victors – Beatrice Reeves, who won the Eleventh Hunger Games when she was 17 years old, Mycroft told them – who was now eighty-one years old, blind, senile, and using a wheelchair in her old age.
But John looked good – more than good – better, in fact. Better than he had been in a long time. Better than he was when they were together. Better since the breakup.
“Who, them?” Dean replied. “During the Victory Tour? Sadly, yes. Career victors tend to put District above basic human decency, but at least we have a chance of warming up to you; you’ll be lucky if anyone from Districts One and Two even looks at you.”
“It looks like Sherlock Holmes has decided to take a passive route with the Nightmare Stag!” Caesar announced.
“A little boy...and someone new, relatively new...” he breathed in one more time, and a smile spread across his face. “Oh – a bouncing baby girl; how precious. Tell me: are you a good father, Will?”
But then he raced to the bathroom, heaving up his lunch into the toilet, and leaving him retching into the bowl, painfully waiting for the other shoe to drop.
His lungs couldn’t take the lack of oxygen any longer, and Sherlock sat up in the tub, gasping for air.
John considered him. He could tell by the way he was holding himself he was sucking in at least a little bit of his gut in order to accurately match the uniform’s slightly smaller size, instead of the uniform contorting in accommodation for his gut. Now that the visor was covering his face, it was like everything about his friend had been stripped away – he was entirely unrecognizable.
He crossed his arms, about to give Dean a straight out “no,” but then he thought of the something else: the members of District Twelve. Mycroft was not a person who had friends – neither of them were, until John came along and changed everything for Sherlock – but there were still people there who
“The merchant who could not outrun Death,” Mycroft said, nodding. “You always hated that story as a child.”
“Oh, good idea! I didn’t think of that! Can you keep an ear out for hovercrafts, too?” John asked, and Sherlock, of course, said he could.
“So, who’s going to be babysitting me while you’re all at the recap?” he asked, using the term that had been coined at some point during the day to describe the fact that Mycroft was leaving him with someone else since he couldn’t be there.
The moment the words were spoken, Sherlock put his brain into motion. If this forty-year-old man could convince a horse trainer to letting him do whatever he wanted, then so could they.
“Not to mention the fact that this baby can pick locks by bypassing the safety latch in the doorjamb. So, it’s always nice to carry around.”
“You’ve never been the stupid kid sister,” he said, and she gave him the best smile she could at the moment – not a very good one.
“Well, if the muttation’s dangerous, I’m sure the Capitol wouldn’t consider it failed, would they?” John asked, and Sherlock supposed he had a point. “Why are you covering your eyes?” he asked suddenly, changing the subject as he finally looked at Sherlock, and Sherlock pulled his hand away from his eyes, still making a point to look at anywhere but at John.
But John was proud of her – for making that last act of defiance – letting the world know that she’s not a doll for the Capitol to dress up and make pretty. She didn’t
“Sherlock – Sherlock,” Harry said, touching his shoulder. He spun around to her, and she smiled up at him, and it at that moment that he truly saw her wounds. She had dirty cuts covering her skin, and welts from the tracker jackers, and bruises on her face and body.
“Same with the fog,” Harry agreed. “They might’ve made the gas look more like regular air than fog so we wouldn’t see it from a distance and decide ‘fuck that shit I’m out’.”
This was it. The moment of truth – the moment where he would know for sure exactly who would live, and who wouldn’t make it out of the Arena alive.
The most important thing he noticed, though, was the fact that he was in an excruciating amount of pain. He adjusted himself, and gasped aloud in discomfort.
Harry let go of Sherlock’s hand, and it was then he realized both of their hands were shaking. Despite this and her ever-paling face, Harry kept her head up, putting a lock of her hair behind her ear, and walked confidently up onto the stage. Now that Sherlock was standing alone in the center square, unsupported by John or Mycroft or Harry standing beside him, he felt like his legs would give out at any moment.
The three kids exchanged looks, Sherlock smirking at John, Harry winking and sticking her tongue out at her brother, and John glaring at his boyfriend and his sister.
“Just...let them think what they want to think?” Sherlock looked to John for confirmation, and John nodded, and together they looked back at Mycroft.
“I love you,” he eventually ended up whispering in her ear. “With all my heart. That doesn’t mean I’m not basically pissed off with you, though –”
“Okay, we’re alone – what the hell was with you and Hannibal?” John asked as he, Sherlock, and Harry climbed up the stairs to the penthouse (Louise left to check in on Clover and make sure she didn’t need any help with her impending questioning).
know who I am, surely?” he took a drag from his cigarette and blew the smoke in John’s face, looking him over, hungrily. “...Of course you do – you’re John Watson. William’s boyfriend –”
But Sherlock didn’t want to hear it – nobody needed to hear it – not in detail – not in as much detail as the serum was prepared for him to give –
Without a word, John sat down next to him. Sherlock barely glanced at him, but instead put his laid his hand on the box, and John took his hand. They sat like this, in silence, for a few a minutes at the most, until John spoke:
At the mention of Mycroft’s family, it seemed like everyone turned in their seats to look at Sherlock, but Sherlock kept his eyes on Dean.
Despite that feeling, however, he couldn’t help but breathe easily; deep sighs of relief passed through him like he had been holding his breath for days.
ways – ways that Sherlock could never ever change back no matter how hard he tried – the house looked like it was suspended in time, oblivious to the ways in which the world had changed. Like Sherlock had never gone into the Arena. Like he had merely left to run an errand to the store and came home empty-handed. Like Mycroft hadn’t died.
John stiffened, looking up at the screen. This was it, the Careers were turning on each other, and Charles Augustus Magnussen was leading the way, pulling all the strings.
Sherlock continued to stare ahead, unblinking, pretending he couldn’t hear her as she told him the truth he desperately wanted to ignore.
I've read through the first two parts of Constantly, adding chapter titles as I went, and I thought it would be cool to show that I've read through the first two parts of Constantly....by posting the chapter titles (JUST THE CHAPTER TITLES) of the first two parts of Constantly! Note: Part One consists of chapters 1-14, and Part Two consists of chapters 15-29, and any that are italicized may be changed by the time the final product hits.
They were happy for them – all of them. Here they were, their siblings taken from this world forever or in the process of being taken, smiling over the survival someone else’s brother.
Antonia brings Alexander, Harry, John, and Sherlock to Dean, running into a few friends along the way; Dean introduces Harry, John, and Sherlock to a major leader in the rebellion.
And Aurora, immediately knowing what she had just entered, carefully retraced her steps out of the sector, and made the journey back to Charles Augustus Magnussen and James Sholto.
The moment the cannon sounded, John’s world stopped spinning as the ground connected with his knees. And yet, despite everything, he still kept his eyes fixed to that damned screen.
When he reached the ground floor, the elevator doors opened to reveal Clover Frankland, still sitting by herself, right where he had left her.
“John wasn’t the first one, was he?” he asked, leaning over Magnussen. “WAS HE?!” he shouted when the man gave no reply.
“Again?” John asked, and Sherlock repeated the phrase, taking a deep, shuddering breath as he did. John watched him, expectantly, and Sherlock was overwhelmed with the urge to shout at him, cry in his arms, kiss him, and push him away. But, more than anything, he wanted to die, too.
For a second, he believed that John was going to push him away, inform him that kissing him won’t help him avoid the question, but he didn’t. In fact, John seemed to melt into the kiss, pushing the question to the backburner, because they were both there. Together. Alive. And, right now, that’s all that mattered.
“What?” John whispered, and looked at the screen to figure out what was going on – what had caused Sherlock so much stress. He found Archibald Neal staring back at him, and a number one beside him.
I’ll keep writing after this, of course; I’ve got two small Sherlock/Black Mirror crossovers in the works, as well as a Wolfstar oneshot, but after that, I’d like my next big project to be an actual book, something I can actually publish and sell and stuff. If you want to stick around for any of that, please follow me here on AO3.
That familiar plea brought Sherlock into reality. He blinked once again, suddenly he felt tired and drained. That's when he noticed the worried looks of the people surrounding him. John's best man, Mike. his parents to his left, Mycroft on the phone just a few steps away from them and Harriet, his best woman and Molly above him, with the officiant while John's parents are huddled in front of him.
"Second date, I told him about my family. He told me about your family. How really lovely Clara was and that he wished your sister, Harry, and Clara would make up. So you, wouldn't be stressed about it when Harry drinks because he's missing Clara. So you, wouldn't think too much."
John smiled to himself as he pretend to dust his suit. The young man's eyes widens as he probably thought John would get mad. Instead, John looked up and eyed the man slowly.
There was a commotion and a woman in a chef’s uniform stood beside Marcus. It must be the sister. “It was a seafood platter recipe,” She murmurs, her voice a shaky tremble in the low conversations that’s happening around her. “But I used powder and seafood flakes. Marcus … Oh my God. Doctor, I’m so sorry. I have no idea my brother’s date has an allergy.”
John thought for a moment, before replying. "We could." He said with a final tone. He ended the call with a smile on his face and went on to prepare for his
AU, AU, AU. Mistakes are all mine. I did an extensive research about this that only finished about five minutes ago. But still, fictionnnn. So, rein yer ponies mate! Thanks for reading!
After dinner, John tend to the left-overs while Sherlock went to their bedroom. He just opened a bottle of wine when Sherlock came back, and John's jaw dropped.
Tons of paperworks, countless eyesex and a dozen coffee cups later, John was vibrating with need. When he cornered Sherlock in the shower later, the man all but begged for John to be inside him. And that went vice versa.
John clenches his fists, bowing down to take a deep breath before glancing at Sherlock. He felt the scowl in his face deepen, when he sees Marcus' face nuzzling the space between Sherlock's neck and collarbone (with a hint of a fucking tongue).
John felt the tingling sensation of warmth as Sherlock's deep voice hugged him. Then Sherlock wound his arms tight around his waist, drawing him in.
Additional Tags: Different First Meeting, Established Mystrade (Greg Lestrade), Undercover, Age Gap, Sherlock wears heels, John saves Sherlock, Trigger Warning applies for graphic depiction of violence, POV John Watson, Italicised POV Sherlock (for the first part)
"Hey, Mike." John saluted by the door as he stepped forward, his grin widening when Mike retreated back inside the teacher's office and he followed. Now, his old pal Mike Stamford was staring at him with wide eyes and a slacked haw. John thought if he's a really bad man, he'd gave Mike the reason for sweating. Perhaps he could threaten Mike on allowing a non-existent drug inside the school's premises or something. It's close to the truth anyway. Why he was there first
And that's the root of his pain. He missed the madman. So much. That he couldn't even date. His system refused to find someone to chat with, spend sometime with. Even Greg gave up their Friday night visits on a pub. Ella said, he's still grieving. He hasn't gone passed it. She also said that the partnership that he and Sherlock had was unforgettable.
"Also, who says I've forgiven you? Not. One. Fucking. Bit. Over and out." He clicked the com off, rearranged his winter gears, and went further into the night.
A few more minutes passed on the call before John said a quick goodbye to Sherlock and a promise of donuts for Rosie. Back to work, the remaining hours flew by without other issues.
Additional Tags: Established Relationship - Husbands, Delusion disorder, Relapse, Parent!lock, John Watson is a good man, Soft Sherlock, Adoption
The young man before him blushed when John kept on staring. The other thing that John noticed was he was taller than him. That wasn't a surprise. John's one of those average height Englishmen. But he's got a bit muscle here and there because of his army training before. A routine he gingerly kept while his bad shoulder healed and even when he no longer served.
Sherlock eyed him with equal desire, arms automatically wrapping around his neck when their lips met hungrily. He then grabbed Sherlock's plump arse, the  silk robe smooth against his palms.
And as the captain's voice announced the arrival of their plane to Santorini, John once again looked out of the window to the vast expanse of blue sea below them. He twisted to his side to look at his husband, caught the gaze of those celestial like pair of eyes and said, 'You've been always worth the wait and the pain.'
Later that evening as John inserted the key to the knob, and turned it open, he expected toys scattered everywhere. But what he saw instead melted his heart.
"Dance with me," He said softly as  Sherlock looked at the sky then at him like he's gone mad. There was no going back.
The man swore like a sailor before staggering backwards holding his head. It easily recovered and ran ahead.
"Yep. It's currently missing." Greg answered without looking at him. When he didn't answered, Greg added. "Look. This is an unsanctioned stakeout. I might get in trouble with this. But Sherlock, that's my uh assistant's name told me that he had solved the case."
"We are gathered here today to witness the marriage of these two people and to celebrate the love they share.
“I can’t lose you again.” He begins. “Sherlock, the last few hours… made me realise that… if you won’t learn the truth. I won’t be able to survive the regret.”
These were these moments of silence that followed after their bickering that had him emotional, sometimes.
"I love you too." Sherlock replied quietly with all the strength left on him. He still felt raw and exhausted but he's in John's arms, he never complained.
John and Sherlock have you come here freely and without reservation to give yourselves to each other in marriage?"
When John woke up, he was in his hotel room. He felt warmer with his jumper and track pants that he couldn't remember owning. But he wouldn't complain, he felt comfortable. This long-week vacation could've gone okay without him passing out on someone though. Maybe it was the exhaustion. Emotionally, mentally and physically. He went to kill the lamp when he suddenly noticed a paper tucked under his phone. There, scrawled in its usual penmanship,  is Sherlock's note.
"What are you doing here?" He asked, a bit surprised at his own measured voice. John was thankful his voice hadn't cracked with emotions. Because it's all coming back now, and he needs to stop it, before his own storm destroys him.
After the completion of the mission, John left Sherlock in Germany to heal under Mycroft's care. He instructed Mycroft not to call him. Now, back in London, he expected everything to return to normal.
And, as they stood there, their hands resting on the windowsill of the train, Sherlock found himself waiting for John to say something – anything – to say that it was alright, that they’d survive the aftermath of the Hunger Games and of the rebellion just like they survived the Games and the rebellion themselves. That maybe not everything had changed, because they – the three of them – were still alive and together.
John had been the one to do it – in fact, he had done it just before Sherlock had tried to propose. Which was probably a good thing – it saved Sherlock the embarrassment of the flat-out rejection. John had boiled it down to the fact that the Capitol had been pushing them together so hard that, now that there was no Capitol keeping them together, John had no idea whether or not
As he said these last words, he glanced up at Sherlock, and it took everything within him to hold his gaze. The look in his eyes wasn’t accidental –
Beyond the extensive wine list (which Sherlock is sure Slater takes full credit for), Sherlock has noticed the stains on Slater’s teeth. The restauranteur is a wine snob and he prefers red. “Call me Sherlock, please. Why don’t you surprise me with something red? Mr…?” Sherlock drops his eyes from Slater shyly.
John moves towards Sherlock before standing on his toes so he can whisper in his ear. “Sherlock, babe, last night you helped me finish quite hard.” Sherlock shivers as John presses a gentle kiss to the top of his ear before continuing. “Bloody hell. Your picture. And then your voice. Should come with a warning.” Another tiny kiss. “I came quite spectacularly. I am
Sherlock opens his eyes when he hears both the young women and John start to giggle. He’s not sure if he’s been frozen in place for 2 seconds or 2 hours. John tugs his arm. “Let’s go, love, I really do want to get home.”
“I don’t want to leave London right now. Exeter isn’t in London ergo no case.” Sherlock leans back and takes a drink from his tea.
The book is brand new, but it is the exact same version he and Rosie have been reading at home. There is even a bookmark at the right place.
tiny smirk on his lips and very clear smile lines at his eyes. John is mildly amused by Sherlock’s request for a photo and not at all uncomfortable with sending one.
Sherlock let’s out a breath of relief. John is still flirting. And he’s…sending another photo? Sherlock furrows his brow and almost sends a text bluntly explaining that “wish you were here” is not the same as “I miss you”, but then thinks better of it. Why the hell would he discourage John from sending another photo?
It’s not that Sherlock never took cases outside London these days, but John almost always came with him. On a couple of memorable occasions, Rosie did too. But there is no way John could come to Exeter. Tomorrow was Tuesday and John had to review files for the in-person physicals booked for Wednesday in Hampshire. Under no circumstances would he risk missing those physicals nor would he go to them unprepared. John liked his new job doing physicals and reviewing medical files for the Army, RN, and RAF. Honestly, Sherlock liked it too – the job gave John a sense of purpose and independence, which made him more patient with Sherlock’s experiments in the flat. The requirements of the job were a good fit too – most of the work could be done from home, John set most of his own hours, and it was more interesting than the surgery. It was also part-time, giving John plenty of time to work on cases.  And John was clearly happy to be involved with the forces again.
“I AM NOT TIRED!” argues Rosie before a giant yawn gives her away. “Hi, Sh’lock. Daddy says you have been brilliant, and the case is almost solved so you can come home soon.” She yawns again before adding, “I miss you.”
Sherlock realizes he needs to respond to keep the flirtation (has it moved beyond that yet?) going and to ensure John knows he is not put off by this change in tone. He also realizes that he has absolutely no idea what he should say. This is one area where John is far more knowledgeable than him and Sherlock is happy to force him to take the lead. He suspects that Captain Watson will be happy to take charge.
Sherlock turns towards TS just as Robson comes into view. “Ah, chief inspector so lovely for you to join us. Simple question for you. Did anyone, anyone at all, actually
“hmmm…I don’t know. We’ll have to wait to find out. Sleep well, my sweet.” Sherlock leans down and gives the little girl a kiss on the temple.
Sherlock stares at his phone for a moment before it dawns on him what John must have done. He goes his overnight bag and opens the side pocket – the one he generally keeps empty. Inside is a copy of
Sherlock adores that John can surprise him. But right now, as he paces his hotel room, semi-erect and filled with anxiety, Sherlock wishes he could predict what John will say when he opens the photo. Sherlock is unsure of how to separate what he thinks will happen from what he hopes will.
Trigger warning - this chapter has a short description of a date-sexual assault. It is relatively short and occurs during the confession.
“That’s great, Sherlock, but don’t worry about it if you are in the middle of something. I know you want to talk to Rosie, but if you have to call from the back seat of cruiser or the hallway of the station for a quick good night, that’s fine. She’ll understand.”  John pauses and puts his hands in his pockets and bounces back and forth on his feet. “I’ll text if I find anything interesting. If it’s not solved today, I’ll be available for a call tonight whenever you get in. Okay? Or a call from the train if you just want to talk. Though I know that’s unlikely.” He chuckles. “And I know you’ll want to text me an account of the idiocy of the local police force but try not spend too much time looking at your phone.”
“Nope,” says John, popping the p. He begins walking forward again leaving Sherlock standing with confusion written all over his face. After a couple of metres, John turns around and starts walking backwards while looking at Sherlock. “You coming, babe? I’d rather not stay at the station all day.”
He’s about to put down the phone (time to get back to the case now that John is being boring talking about food) when it rings. Robson. He answers immediately.
Robson sighs. Sherlock can tell she has at least one child around Lechance’s age, and is sympathising with the young man. “Why did you lie, Mr. Lechance?”
Rosie has already jumped off Sherlock’s lap and is waiting for him to sit down on the floor. Sherlock does so slowly, unsure of what is to come. John hops over the arm of the sofa and situates himself behind Sherlock, legs straddling Sherlock’s torso. Then, with no fanfare, John starts massaging Sherlock’s neck and shoulders gently. “I think I can loosen this a bit,” John explains absent mindedly. “Just enough so that sitting on the train for two hours won’t be absolute torture. Moving forward, you will not go to bed on the sofa, Sherlock. We’re not young men anymore.”
Sherlock follows mindlessly for a moment as he processes what was just said. Without warning, he aggressively pulls John to the right. “On second thought, John, we better take a cab home. Get those little legs moving, there is no time to waste.”
Immediately, Sherlock regrets it. How will John interpret that message? Sherlock stares at his phone and tries to think of a way to
“Very good, John. I’d say that describes her well. But not on Monday.” Sherlock pauses. “She was on a date. Or at least going to meet a man she was interested in romantically. She was wearing a summer dress and had her hair down. Oxfords which, for her, were dressy shoes. No makeup or jewellery, but she would only be romantically interested in someone who wouldn’t care about that. Balance of probability and nature of the crime suggests it was man. He was interested too. That dagger is absolutely the type of purchase a nerdy twenty-something man would take to impress someone they are interested in. Based on the victim’s high level of anxiety on the CCTV, I don’t think they had met previously – or it was a first date of a former “just friends” friend. She had first date jitters, John. And then she fell when she was running away from him – best guess, he got a bit handsy and she bolted. Fell and hit her head on the way out. It was a spur of the moment decision to kill her. Got rid of the weapon as soon as he could and didn’t even wipe the blood off. Was smart enough to cover the handle when he stabbed her though, there were no useable prints.” Sherlock stops to give John a chance to interject. Hopefully with words of praise. He isn’t disappointed.
Sherlock’s fingers hover over the keys for a few moments as he decides what to write next. He’s tempted to write
Sherlock’s time at the police station the next morning goes by quickly. Robson ensures everything is done efficiently. Having arrived just after 8 am, all of Sherlock’s tasks are completed, and he is free to go, by 9:30. Robson tries to convince the detective to stay in Exeter for a few more hours – there is a press conference scheduled for noon and she wants him to attend. “You should get credit for this, Mr. Holmes,” she explains.
Starstruck 1 says something in response, but Sherlock ignores him as he turns and walks away, busily typing on his phone.
is fine. He can be happy with just this. Desperately happy. He knows John loves him, whatever that type of love is. If constant friendship is what John wants, Sherlock can keep his desires locked away for his fantasies. If John doesn’t bring up the events of last night, neither will Sherlock. He won’t risk making John feel uncomfortable. This is fine.
That message seems to be infused with affection and makes Sherlock’s heart warm. But every other message has been transactional. Sherlock letting John know he is finished with the police; John reminding Sherlock he’ll meet him at the train station; Sherlock letting John know the train is slightly delay; boring, boring, boring!  Sherlock scrolls through the messages again, growing more anxious and fully aware that he is at least partially at fault for the tone of the conversation.
The growing presence of white in John’s hair only adds to his appeal. John is one of those men who grows more attractive as they age. Considerably more attractive in Sherlock’s opinion. That’s not to say that Sherlock didn’t find John physically attractive from the outset. He always admired John’s appealing face and strong body. But gone are the boyish good looks having been replaced by a ruggedness that is incredibly enticing on a primal level.
John isn’t just pushing things a bit further, he’s in a whole other universe. And it’s incredible. Sherlock hasn’t been this aroused in ages. And John isn’t even here. It’s just words on a screen. And the most arousing photo of all time, mind you. But despite this, Sherlock needs to ask – he needs data. Needs to be assured this is actually what John wants.
John sighs. “Like you said, Madison Rice was so private it’s what I expected. I guess we just keep searching. I’ve been able to id and eliminate a few people on this message board. I’ll keep going through. Do you want to talk through what you know?”
, John. I was reviewing the case notes and it sort of just happened.” Sherlock explains, waving his hands in the air.  He must have fallen asleep at about 2:30. Robson had sent over some case notes via an encrypted email. It didn’t include any pictures, but it was enough for Sherlock to get started. And then he got distracted reading about the passages themselves. He remembers lying down and closing his eyes for a brief rest that ended up lasting four hours. Bloody transport.
leave Rosie for more than one night. It was a decision Sherlock supported whole heartedly, but it meant no long trips away with John to solve complex mysteries in Devon or Scotland or up North unless they happened to occur on school breaks when Rosie could join them. Despite Sherlock’s best efforts, John was remaining quite adamant that a case (even a 10!) was not a good enough excuse to pull Rosie out of school.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. John had only packed two protein bars and those were eaten last night and this morning. The croissant was from Robson on the drive to Madison Rice’s flat. A protein bar and a croissant in the same day. He’d be fine.
The two men continue to walk hand-in-hand, in a comfortable silence. Sherlock feels like a teenager in the desperate throws of young love. As per usual, John is keeping an eye on their surroundings. Sherlock is watching John. Suddenly, John stops and looks up. Sherlock follows his gaze to a television mounted above them that is showing footage from Robson’s press conference. She looks calm but relieved as she speaks to the media. The main headline on screen reads
Sherlock is already walking away and typing into his phone. He hears Robson thanking the roommate for her help as he leaves the flat.
Sherlock slams the door to his hotel room at 8:30, his annoyance bubbling over. The case should be solved by now! He should be on his way
Originally, Fletcher had planned to ask Madison Rice to meet him at the emergency exit. But, three weeks ago, he’d discovered that it would be Riley Lechance working the morning of his date. Fletcher knew all about the weekly parties and next-day breakfasts. Apparently, Fletcher’s nephew, “Robbie” Jones (Mille Jones’s son), wouldn’t stop talking about how the party on the bank holiday weekend would be “sick.” Fletcher was sure that Lechance would be both hungover for his shift on May 3rd and would not be able to resist ducking out of work to go to the breakfast. Lechance wouldn’t want to miss the celebration and there was no risk – they had the breakfasts nearby and the temporary staff were a tightknit group who wouldn’t rat him out.
Robson ends the call with a sigh telling Sherlock she needs to update her team. Sherlock is secretly pleased that she called him before her co-workers. His opinion of her is only growing more positive despite the delay in solving this case.
“You know that isn’t the same, John,” Sherlock grumbles. “And Rosie will be upset I’m not here at bedtime
Hmm…that could probably be interpreted in many ways. Sherlock stares at the words and decides he better send something else quickly to avoid any awkwardness.
Sherlock has finished his dinner (which consisted of all of the naan and a bit of chicken korma) and has been rereading notes for half an hour. He’s focused on Madison Rice’s entry to the passages. It’s never made sense. He pulls out his phone.
Sherlock and Rosie are still chatting when John sits down on the sofa arm with a concerned look on his face.
Sherlock genuinely considers taking the case in Exeter but decides against it while reading to Rosie that night. Badger, Mole, and Rat are just about to go to Toad Hall. Reading to the precocious six-year-old combined with the knowledge that John is downstairs makes Sherlock feel grounded. He needs this for a little longer. It’s reason enough to turn down the case. Perhaps once he and Rosie finish
At this moment, Sherlock’s need to be home is strong. But it is also warring with his need for a good case. It has been too long since Sherlock’s mind had been challenged in any meaningful way and it is eating away at him. Driving him (and John) up the wall. Just as he needs home to keep his
He forces himself to put down the phone for few minutes looking back at piles of so-called evidence lying on the table. Madison Rice’s phone is useless. A laptop was found in her flat, but it seemed to be used mainly for work. There must be another device somewhere. A tablet? She brought a big purse with her to the passages, perhaps the device was in there and the murderer took it with him. Took the device that would tie Madison Rice to him and left her phone. Smart.
Rosie’s is now kicking the overnight bag with a scowl on her face. Sherlock can’t help but smile, although he tries to hide it. Rosie - with her fair pink skin dotted with freckles and creamy blond hair still a mess having just roused from sleep – is adorable. John walks over and starts rubbing her back. The little girl’s tears have mostly subsided, but she is still pouting. “Sh’lock, you were just away with Uncle Mycroft. And Daddy was just away at work. This doesn’t feel good. This makes me sad.” The statement both breaks Sherlock’s heart and gives him a sense of pride. With much encouragement, Rosie had recently become quite adept at describing her feelings, something both John and Sherlock marvel at.
anxious to return the favour.” John then gives Sherlock’s earlobe a quick nibble before continuing the walk to the exit, pulling Sherlock in his wake.
“Did Lechance call in the body?” asks John, ignoring Sherlock’s smile and Lestrade’s look of confusion.
time, Sherlock decides it’s time to move things along. “I heard from Robson that this is one of the top restaurants in town. It seems like you still do so much yourself, Rich. How do you have the energy?”
This is pushing the boundaries a bit, so Sherlock quickly adds another message to give John the option of ignoring the first.
Sherlock’s resolve crumbling he turns to the DI, “Lestrade, two questions. Firstly, why are you here? And secondly, given the apparent total lack of any evidence, how can Robson think she knows the perpetrator?”
Once the messages are sent, Sherlock stops and sighs. If he were here, John would tell him to be polite. He’d also remind Sherlock that Robson was his ride. Sherlock turns back towards the still-confused group and addresses the supervisor and manager. “Thank you for your time.” He then turns to Robson. “You need to tell the officer looking at the victim’s digital trail to call John Watson within the next half hour. I have his contact information. And we need to go to Madison Rice’s flat.”
“Err..yes. How did you know?” Millie Jones replies as she knocks. There is light coming from beneath the door. “Kyle, the police are here. They want to talk to you.”
Sherlock finds himself chuckling at his memory of the scene being quoted. Austen is quite brilliant. He’s strangely pleased that young women are still quoting her. His phone starts vibrating as texts come in quick succession.
After five minutes (it seems the CI isn’t willing to disclose too many details before Sherlock formally accepts the case), John ends the call by telling Robson he’ll be in touch after conferring with Sherlock. “You might as well move into the sitting room, Sherlock,” John says as he pockets his mobile. “I know you were listening and I’m sure you want the details.”
Sherlock smiles. His John has such (well placed) faith in him. “Before I get to that, John, describe the victim for me. Based on what you’ve found. I want details.”
Sherlock finds feelings of nausea combining with excitement and arousal as he selects the photo. He doesn’t bother writing a message and just hits send. He then gets up to pace again, leaving his phone on the chair.
Sherlock plops down in the chair. He leans back, rests his left forearm on the arm of the chair and holds the phone out with his right hand. John has been looking straight at the camera for his photos, but that won’t do. Sherlock looks to the right, tilting his head to elongate his neck. With an exhale, he takes the photo. Without looking at it too closely, he hits send.
Once he’s outside of the restaurant, Sherlock pulls out his phone. That was probably the most painful conversation he’s had in a while, but he got a name.
.” John had tried taking over the before bed reading while Sherlock was away in Brussels. Rosie had deemed it unacceptable (she’d rather go without), much to Sherlock’s (quiet) amusement. John had been far less amused. “And I have no reason to trust the judgment of this Robson. Knowing the quality of the police forces in this country, it is highly likely they are looking at the wrong person.” Sherlock puts away his slides, giving up any pretence of working on his experiment.
will be interviewing Lechance. Robson doesn’t trust her team to get a confession from the young man and is hoping Sherlock will do their job for them. Typical.
Once again, John Watson has surprised Sherlock. John didn’t misunderstand the text at all. Sherlock taps on the photo so that it fills his screen and lets the feeling of home and love wash over him. John is sitting in his chair looking straight at the camera. The picture shows him from the chest up and Sherlock can make out the kitchen (cleaner than it’s been in a while) in the background. At first glance John’s face looks neutral but Sherlock can see the
Apparently Lestrade does not detect the tension and he interrupts the moment. “Fantastic, Sherlock. Charlie’ll be thrilled. I’ll get out of your hair so you can give her a call. Suspect she won’t be sleeping tonight.” Lestrade gets up and starts towards the stairs.
Sherlock’s annoyance at Riley Lechance’s obvious innocence slowly dissipates as he examines the scene. The passages are a fascinating place for a murder and his brain is working at a million miles a minute taking it all in, trying to figure out what actually took place yesterday. Sherlock can’t help but revel in the thrill of the game and for the first time since arriving in Exeter, he’s glad he came.
Sherlock has a growing fear that John has decided that nothing has changed. And then, if Sherlock somehow builds up the courage to mention it, John will say words like
Sherlock stares at John’s face, basking in the opportunity to read every pore. There is something about still photographs that Sherlock loves. Seeing John on the screen earlier was great and videos are fine too, but Sherlock loves being able to gaze for as long as he wants at a photo. Picking out all the little details.
. They have a first name. They know where the killer met his victim. Based on everything they’ve learned, Sherlock is quite confident he knows several elements of the killer’s personality. But knowing he’s shy and has little experience with women is not helping the police find him. Sherlock needs to look through all he knows about Madison Rice’s killer and draw out identifiable facts. Is the killer a student? If so, of what? Is he an only child? Younger than Madison Rice? Older?
Sherlock chuckles and hits the Facetime button. John’s number is the only one that appears on the screen. Sherlock has only ever used Facetime to call (or receive a call from) John. He imagines that streak will continue until Rosie gets her own phone, which won’t be for some time.
“How long had she been getting the letters?” the roommate asks. Sherlock nods and does his very best not to roll his eyes. “Hmm…definitely started this year…probably late January or sometime February? So three months and a bit?” she asks as if Sherlock knows the right answer.
With the three investigators looking (Robson having sent Dan back inside), it only takes ten minutes to find the knife. It’s TS that makes the discovery. The weapon is still covered in caked blood. TS calls over Robson and Sherlock as he’s bagging the knife. It’s a dagger with an ornate silver handle that includes finger loops and a knuckle bow. It ends in a beautiful pommel.
John chuckles. Sherlock can hear the sound of the being water turned on to fill up the sink. “Ta for that. And yes, I saw all your texts but it’ll help me to hear it too. Quite the murder weapon.”
Sherlock starts from the moment Madison Rice left her flat to meet Kyle and talks through the crime. He’s been talking for about 5 minutes (Madison Rice has just entered the unlocked door and noticed no one is working at the desk) when there is a loud knock at his door.
“Fuck,” Sherlock whispered, pressing the balls of his hands to his eyes, trying to purge himself of the things he had just seen. “Fuck –
“He wants me to be his friend,” he muttered, and Dean tilted his head, confused, almost like he didn’t hear him.
“I did not have a mentor,” Mycroft reminded John, and he opened his eyes to find Hannibal boarding the hovercraft to return home, his mouth and clothes stained red with Will’s blood. “I was left with a collection of recordings from each Hunger Games before mine, and I watched all of them, religiously. When I got to this one, I knew that a record would be set for the youngest victor, but I was so sure that William would’ve won. I imagined meeting him, congratulating him on his win. Perhaps it was just wishful thinking; I’m still not sure if it was or not. I had never been so distraught as I was when I watched Hannibal Magnussen win, and I’m sure we both know why; I’m sure we both saw the similarities between William Graham and Sherlock. Of course, there are now instances that overpower that sadness, but I will never forget that night. There are two people I think of in everything I do, and that is Sherlock Holmes, and William Graham.”
Dean could so easily make it sound like Sherlock wasn’t the only member of the Holmes family left alive. But everyone back in District 12 knew everything about everyone within the District – everyone knew the truth.
But Philip had died, in the end, and Archie would too, especially with people like Magnussen in the Arena. If Archie survived the bloodbath, it would just be a matter of time until someone got to him.
She tried to make her way around Sherlock again, looking ready to tear Magnussen apart with her bare hands, but Sherlock gripped her shoulders.
“How can they not be interested – look at me! I’m one of the best-looking boys in our class!” John exclaimed, and while Sherlock had certainly noticed this, especially recently, he wasn’t about to admit that out loud.
Even though it was midnight – Sherlock remembered it being after midnight – he could still see clearly; the Capitol kept lights shining in the City Circle all night. It was there that he saw people scattered everywhere, bleeding and hurt, all of whom were being saw to by Avoxes and other survivors that knew anything about how to heal wounds. There were also people covered in white sheets, and a small thought the back of Sherlock’s mind wondered if his brother’s body was also covered in a similar white sheet, by now.
“Harry –” he muttered, spinning around, his eyes dancing around the area, trying to find her – trying to find the red hair that would give her location away – “Harry –”
She then looked up at the ever-paling face of Sherlock Holmes, as it was dawning on him what had to happen next. “Sherlock? You doing alright? Your eye’s really bloodshot –”
“Yes, I did, and he’s fine, but I’ve been given strict orders not to tell you where he is by – Mycroft Holmes,” she announced his presence, looking behind them as she noticed him approach.
Mycroft thought about it for a moment, and then spoke slowly and quietly, as if choosing his words as carefully as possible.
At that moment, feeling of panic rushed over Sherlock as he glared at Hannibal, as he not only saw but felt Hannibal’s eyes on him – all over him – seeping into his skin –
As Sherlock was promised, Dean Bainbridge met Sherlock, John, and Harry at his mansion when Sherlock knocked on the door.
“Oh, I certainly read it, Mr. Magnussen,” Sherlock replied. “And then I burned it,” he added, to speak the truth but also to watch Hannibal’s reaction.
Sherlock and Archie listened to the cannons burst in rapid succession, one right after the other. Archie kept count, saying the words slowly out loud, like the teachers at school always did with the toddlers.
, and watched as they – together – approached their stylists, their prep teams, Mrs. Hudson, and Mycroft Holmes. Louise reached out and John let her hold his hand, and he felt Alexander put his hands on John’s shoulders from over the back of the sofa, and John knew why –
“John,” he breathed, and instantly bit his tongue – this wasn’t a name to breathe as if he was using his last breath to say it – not anymore. “John,” he tried again, and the word came out louder, clearer, colder – the way he breathed it before would only sound like a stutter in John’s ears, now, if he had even heard it at all.
“Come on –” Sherlock started, grabbing his brother and starting to pull him forward. “They only hit your arm we can keep going –”
“Not that secret,” Hannibal said, waving the thought away. “What about the other secret? The one that pertains to your...numbness?”
“Today’s not –” John started, referring to Wednesday – the day of the week that Alexander Waters would call John from District 4, checking on him, just like Dean checked in on Sherlock. But he took the phone from Sherlock as he spoke, anyway.
“They’re obviously going to go as far as they can with the fact that everyone in the Arena is related to a victor,” he replied, acting as if he had been asked questions like this many times before – and he probably had. “Which means it could entail anything, or everything. Similar Arenas, the same obstacles, the same weapons – they could even manipulate things to reenact past Games.”
“Well, yeah – you decided to vanish off the face of the earth and take a relaxing vacation to the roof during training. So yes, I’m a little off – excuse me for caring,” John replied sarcastically. He was still so defensive – he was definitely hiding something.
That was until Dean took a step onto the rug, the floorboard underneath his foot emitting a loud creak.
And because Sherlock was leaving the Capitol – leaving the cameras and the questions and the prying eyes and the elevators and the Hunger Games as a whole behind.
“Wait,” he said quietly, and glanced toward a group of Avoxes, all signing amongst themselves. “Can I –” he began to ask, letting go of John’s hand.
He expected to be the only one awake apart from the Avoxes, but then he saw Mycroft Holmes sitting on the sofa, staring at a muted television screen.
“Who are you?” Sherlock asked again, beginning to panic. Who the hell was this person and what did they want with John?
Suddenly, Sherlock felt like he was in school again, being called upon by a teacher who knew he hadn’t been paying attention.
“My name is John Watson, I’m from District Twelve, and my little sister Harry, and my boyfriend, Sherlock, are in the Games.”
“No,” John answered, shaking his head, and for a second Sherlock was taken aback by the fact that his answer was not “I’m fine,” which tended to be John’s go-to response, until Sherlock realized that John was still under the effects of the serum.
Mycroft was the one to break the gaze, and Sherlock could feel him making his deductions, realizing that Sherlock had spent half the night crying, alone in the dark.
He knew John was married – it wasn’t a surprise at all, actually. John hadn’t been the one to tell him, obviously, but it was Harry who sent Sherlock a warning weeks in advance in a letter, years ago:
John looked down at the floor, disheartened. “Right,” he muttered, silently cursing Snow for keeping him apart from his sister and his boyfriend.
Alma Coin for District 13 (because no one else in District 13 dared to fight for the position, BUT all of the Representatives and President Dean Bainbridge pretty much always shoot her ideas down, until she thinks of better, more progressive and less revenge-y ideas for New Panem)
“You met with John?” Sherlock asked, his entire body straightening immediately, suddenly engrossed, anxious to get any information.
Sorry about last weekend; the weekend slipped away from me last week, but I'm gonna post two chapters this weekend to make up for it!
“Thanks, Mycroft,” he said instead, and went to his room, and wrote two notes – one for his sister and one for his boyfriend.
Mycroft straightened up, now completely dressed in what the unconscious Peacekeeper had previously donned. “Do you trust me, John?” he asked.
When I was first writing Part Four of Constantly I thought of this plotline where everyone just airs out their dirty laundry in the form of getting interviewed under a truth serum (for Divergent fans, this might look VERY FAMILIAR), and the surviving victors would vote on who got to stay and be part of the New Panem and who would not be able to move on. There's traces of this process mentioned in Constantly for the people working in the Capitol, such as the doctors and stylists and prep teams. This was originally how I had planned for Hannibal would share that he killed his sister. I had almost finished writing it, BUT I had come to the realization that it was taking up way too many chapters and I still had so much to cover, so I took it out. So it gets choppy at the end, and at the very end its just a bunch of notes, BUT there's also really dark spot of angst toward the end that I really enjoyed writing, so I saved it. ALSO! There's A BUNCH OF RECYCLED STUFF, so don't be surprised that you've read a bunch of this before! But I promise there IS NEW CONTENT. There was just also a lot of parts that I knew I wanted in Constantly I just needed to find new places for them all once I scrapped the hearings.
that he was making a poor decision. He should’ve just skipped his now-daily dose of the stuff, but after waking up knowing that he would be returning to District 12 that day – knowing that he was going to have to live in the house his brother once occupied without him by his side – his nerves got the best of him, and he shot up to cope.
Immediately, Hannibal’s eyes focused on Harry, assessing her, and John tried to block his view, and failed.
s doesn't exist. I had no idea it was a thing until I copy/pasted the bloopers into here. I'm completely serious and very confused but it's also hilarious so it's staying.)
“No, I haven’t been put through that. I was going to be, of course, but I was able to buy myself some time since Sherlock lacked a guardian. I made a deal with President Snow: I could stay in District Twelve with Sherlock until he was old enough to be reaped. The moment he turned twelve, they could do whatever they wanted with me. Naturally, he agreed. What he did not expect, of course, was that I would lose potential...let’s call them ‘clients’. I did everything I could think of to both prepare myself for what was to come and to keep it from happening. Within those three years, I lost some amount of attractiveness, and gained...a bit of a gut, for lack of a better term. It had to be enough to make myself unattractive to the Capitol, but I had to stay thin enough so everyone wouldn’t think I gained a food addiction after the Games. Surprisingly enough, you’re kind of disrespected among the Gamemakers and the Capitol if you’re too physically affected by the Games.”
