Back before Ultron, he could move the hammer somewhat, but didn't want to disappoint Thor or any of the others who couldn't... but now was an emergency, and even though Steve changed so much and he feared how it might not work, when he got separated from Thor and the guards have cornered him, too twitchy to listen to how Steve meant no harm, Steve didn't have much to lose.
Literary everyone took some kind of daily medication to decrease their secondary sex hormone production. The buildings were full of air filters, but people still used scent-blocking cosmetics. It became a universal taboo to mention secondary gender even in passing.
"Exactly!" Quill was confused. "How is that any proof? If anything, it's as Ronan says, and I had a nefarious plan to seduce you..."
Only, he never considered this because he still saw himself as a washed-out kid from Brooklyn, while Tony Stark wasn't.
“So you thought I was an Alpha all along? You were willing to surrender to me because you thought we were both Alphas and I didn’t want to be fucked?”
"The piece of shit tried to steal your phone," Ronan only gripped Quill's throat tighter. "Which can't be a surprise after he already tried to hit on my girl. What's next? Breaking into our houses? Although, as I've heard, his step-father is just the type who might try something like that so..."
"I could teach you so many things," he was telling Loki, who only dared himself to not react, in the hopes that it would discourage the topic, but it wasn't working. "Things I'm sure not even the Aesir know about. I could take you to new highs you didn't even dare to dream of..."
And that roll only continued once Tony got his first caffeine dose of the day, and they started testing the current arm, Tony also suiting up partially, taking mental notes of possible upgrades, now seeing the arm in action. He sucked in Christmas presents anyway.
"Under different circumstances, I would have, but since I just had to dump Friday, there is a lot of work I need to-" Tony started, but was interrupted by Bucky.
“Like you’d want that,” Tony huffed because it was one thing for Steve to take pity on him while he was dying, but bonding was serious. Omegas and Alphas could live five times longer than Betas when bonded. “I’m just a useless Omega who-“
"Also, maybe as the social media manager you should stick around and make sure the pictures of each player are tolerable at least..."
And then everything went back to normal, or at least how it was before, but now Steve couldn't misinterpret how when Thor was talking to him during the team dinners, with a profound twinkle in his eyes, that it was maybe more than Thor's usual friendly manner with which he treated the other Guardians as well.
"You aren't?" Loki sardonically asked. How was it that Steve could kiss him like there was no tomorrow than carry on as if nothing happened? "And how do you know it would be a one-time-only thing? I haven't said anything..."
"Now, now, you'll have to take me on many-many dates before I even consider doing anything like that with a mortal."
Or maybe an impending horrible space death was just making them even giddier, because neither of them got much to lose, and this way, at least, they could be as honest and giddy as they would like.
"That's it, I'm finished. We both are," Pepper only seemed to agree, and Happy didn't dare to argue with her.
Steve would have loved to say he wasn't at least somewhat offended by that, and it didn't change how he treated Tony. But every time they talked after that night, and Tony was giving him shit, as usual, Steve was wondering how much of that was just Tony's way of talking, or was it because now he knew firsthand how Steve stayed an Omega and just couldn't accept that.
"I was thinking about applying for a teaching/research job in Oslo. It would be only a couple of days, and it's not so far so I could divide my time between here and there. If you think that's a good idea."
Steve didn't, and for what it seemed like years, the most awkward silence fell on them, nobody talking. Even Friday shut up, and it wasn't Tony's next move to put to an end to that.
Except, there was that cognitive dissonance again, hitting him hard when Nebula closed her eyes, the same way when Wanda died. A part of him knew it was over, and it was useless to dwell on it, but another part couldn't just accept it.
“I mean I can only imagine what it was for like you with Obadiah,” Steve looked at him. “So if you’re with me, we decide everything together.”
Tony also came to visit and turned out how he was plagued by doubts about whether or not he'd be a good father, and Steve had not much to tell him because he didn't know anything about the topic, but Tony didn't need that.
"Yeah, you keep telling yourself that," Fury says, then goes to yell at Bucky and Thor a little, and Coulson is reminded how Maria had said the same, even before Phil started this gig.
"Don't," and although Stark maybe hasn't even noticed, his whole posture shrunk on himself, and now his mood took a turn.
"Oh, you'll see," Tony let his tone answer that question on its own. "And my work only seems to exponentially multiply as the years pass by, so I have the craziest schedules..."
"Uh-huh. Cares, like when a girl once stabbed my hand with a pencil, and I was afraid I'll get led poisoning or something and he just laughed and offered to pour some whiskey on it for me from the bottle he was drinking or the time when-"
Rhodey seemed to be convinced because he soon exited the suit, but he still eyed it as Tony's robots came to take it apart, for now, so they could be put back into the machine that handled the paint. (Or in this case, artificial sanding so it won't have a color but the dark grey of the metal matching more Rhodey's style than the current paint-job.)
And at first, Steve didn't think he'd do it in a million years, but then somehow, years later, when Earth was barely managing the chaos of the aftermath of the Blip, and Thor bought news with the Guardians that something worse is coming, Steve did want to fight.
"Amongst other things, but... you aren't green, or even close to green," Bruce sighed. "I'm sorry, I thought-"
"I think you do," Bucky offered as if semantics were their biggest problem. "I'm sure you'd figure a way to get rid of me if you didn't."
And Tony could give him all the fancy tech in the whole world, but when it came to the Time-Heist, Steve still had to be teamed up with someone who wasn't as useless in combat as him.
"And it's not a good timing now anyway when you've just learned you've lost your brother, and used the Stones, but..."
"Well, do you own a bed?" Bucky teased. "'Cause I don't think I've ever seen you outside your lab, but maybe it would be better suited for tonight than the one we share with Stevie. A fresh start and all."
"Hey, you're back." But Tony seemed so happy to be trusted and needed, even all smiles and teasing jokes and very hands-on even now that the Heat was gone, that Steve couldn't tell him this. "How are you feeling?"
"They can't tell me what I'm allowed or not allowed to open on it," Steve pressed his lips into a thin line.
"Very funny guys," Quill muttered, but not because now the whole table was teasing him, but only too conscious because although Rocket was pretending to do the same Quill knew him by then, and it wasn't just a joke.
"You can come over and visit New Asgard anytime, Banner," Thor told him. "Valkyrie was just joking when she said she liked you any less."
But now Betas and Omegas had a chance to pretend they were Alphas too if they were willing to spend decent fortunes in all the new meds and techniques that could hide their true nature - and could handle themselves as an Alpha would.
But Thor appeared and he still wouldn't see Loki as a monster, and maybe it was enough for just one person to believe that for Loki to stop, or maybe he wasn't going to do it anyway? He knew what was the price of any war too well as an Aesir, a Frost Giant, and a magic-wielding being, and while he had no choice to ignore his past, he didn't want to be the reason for anyone on Midgard to end up the same.
Tony must have noticed that Steve didn't knot, or maybe all he wanted right from the start was to get off quickly with someone that night, but he left only telling Steve an "I'll see you around, Captain" from the door.
It wasn't enough to kill Loki right away, but as he collapsed to the bed where Barnes was faking sleep just seconds ago, he realized Bucky could use this window to hurt him badly then.
What was he doing? Strange started to think it was a horrible idea that he came to the Tower in the first place when Stark was looking at him as if contemplating something, but that didn't last.
"Don't make me laugh!" Bucky jumped to his feet so fast Tony only saw a blur of him until he grabbed Steve. "If you want to break up, that's fine by me, but don't you dare! Blaming it all on me, as if it wasn't you who wanted someone else in the first place!"
And, Loki didn't even have to fake his grin this time, enjoying the frustration that was coming off of the Captain in waves now.
But, as it turned out, you could install dating apps on your phone, and with the help of Friday and the internet, set up dates that were purely physical without any promises, and Bucky was not only curious to try but felt like he'd go crazy if he didn't.
worked, and get thousands of pages of the information, even in the form of videos and lectures, easy to comprehend, learning a lot of things.
"Good, I had to make sure," Loki told him after he saw the sheer disbelief on the Captain's face, turning into a "kitten".
"I wanted to be normal, I really did. But by the time I enlisted, do you know how many 'favors' I had given and received from men?" Bucky gestured into the air, then lowered his voice, taking a deep breath. "I never told you because I didn't want you to see me as any different."
But by then, Loki had no mind to object for Tony's sake. He wanted the engineer, even if it was a horrible act for Loki to use Stark's messed up feelings like that. Loki wanted him since the first time they've met, and by then he couldn't bear to stop a very willing Tony, not anymore.
It was just Loki's luck. Mess up one of the human's life of a select few he couldn't fix - not without permission.
“If you tell the OSP officer anything, I’ll make it go away, just as I always do, but once that’s done, I’ll chain you in a dark hole. No computers, trinkets, and digital companions for you anymore, Tony, for the rest of your life. Or maybe you thought I didn’t know you made yourself an AI boyfriend?”
"I believe the term was 'beings whose humor was synthetic too'," Vision mentioned, with another faint smile.
"Yes. And do you know what else has happened?" Thor was glad to have Banner somewhat back, now also picking up some clothes that were still humungous on him, but better than the alternative. "Asgard, my home planet was attacked by my evil sister, and I'm going to take the Quinjet to fight her, and I need your help. I need all the help I can get. In fact, why don't you go to the Quinjet now, and I'll also try to ask Valkyrie to join us..."
"So glad that maybe I can trust you wouldn't try to kill me the next time we meet?" Bruce asked with a smile.
"Friday, wasn't the Mary Poppins protocol designed for Nat and Clint?" Bucky might have not been a computer whiz, but he was secretly more curious watching Tony work when he was sure he'd go unnoticed than any Fringe episode, and remembered quite well Tony's tries to implement it.
Those things were for ordinary people, and Tony somehow had the misconception that he was "better" than that.
“And you knew this was going to happen,” Steve told him. “You knew because I’m guessing it happened many times before. How old are you, Tony?”
"I thought as much, but thank you for saying," Tony snapped back, trying to put the digital code in to open it again. "I meant just a moment ago it wasn't, and why I can't override."
"I did say I'm planning to get you back for it," Tony said. "And don't worry, I'll complain when I don't like something. Loudly. And maybe even try to annoy you ever so slightly, once you're better, and stuff you can't even imagine right now, because you've never met Tony the Vicious Avenger before... but I'm more intelligent than basically kicking myself in the nuts as well by breaking up the arrangement that worked so well in the past for both of us, whether I knew about it or not."
But then, Vision had this theory that you can only save someone's life and be saved in return a number of times before an unavoidable trust is formed, and that trust meant they then began to communicate freely - sometimes.
"A mad scientist from a TV series who is old and forgetful. Kinda brilliant, but got some parts of his brain cut out, I think," Tony said because it's not like he had time to watch anything. He only streamed some content while working and listened to it, if even his beloved Metallica got too old too, sometimes.
It’s not like it was the first time Quill had a black eye, but how Ronan seemingly wanted to hurt him every time he saw Quill, even when he had no longer the excuse of Gamora, basically without a reason was new.
Turns out if the bad guys try to blow you into pieces, even if you don't take serious damage, but manage to badly bite your tongue on impact, you're toast.
"Astro projection, is it? I take it the simple but glamorous life of a doctor wasn't enough for you, finally?"
This meant that Loki wasn't that special with his skillset anymore and that Bruce could have dated literary twice as many other people, but when that didn't seem to happen, Loki just started to relax a little after a long-long time.
"Leave me out of this, Barnes, I'm warning you," Tony also had to say. One minute he was accused of getting too close to Barnes, just for the next to be too friendly with Steve?
"Not my feelings for you. I don't care how, I don't care if we fight a lot as two Alphas would. I can even undergo surgery if you want an Omega. Just say yes."
He also realized that if he didn't like something, and would make a pathetic little noise of discontent, Hulk would give everything Thor could ask for from more food to more petting, and that made life that much easier.
Coming to cover him, Barnes single-handedly took care of a dozen thugs, while shielding Tony from most attacks, communicating to Cap on the radio that Tony was out of commission.
"I'm pretty sure you're going to trick me. But I'm telling you this because I might just have a better idea."
"I'll go, you have my word," Loki said. "But let me check him first. I think I could speed up his healing."
“I have to take you to a clinic, I’m afraid you’ll go into shock if I don’t,” Steve told him, carrying Tony bridal style to the car. “Could it be that you’ve never taken suppressants, Tony? I assumed you did because of what you told me, but… I think you’re having a very strong reaction to it.”
Loki wanted to, but then, when the Captain picked him up to place him on the pillow where Loki usually had slept and turned the lights off, Loki felt restless, and not just the usual way how cats can be active during the night.
But at least the similarity didn't end there. True, maybe Stark didn't have Strange's memory, but he had the same curiosity, drive and when even those ran a little low, could be provoked into learning new things just by presenting it as a challenge.
"It's not dark yet," Steve stated the obvious. "And you have no reason to come to a bar anyway because you can't get drunk any more than I can."
Tony only looked at the spray in his hands. It incapacitated Alphas for a couple of minutes, and he never saw one in real life. It was probably just a bottle of water to lull him into a false sense of security, but he still would have loved to test that theory on Obi.
"Sorry about Yondu. I can't even begin to phantom why he was acting so strange," he told Rocket, but "strange" didn't even begin to cover it. Yondu was way over the top nice one minute, only to be a complete jerk to Rocket the next...
Then Tony locked an Omega (Wanda) up like they were living in the Middle Ages where Alphas had a right to do that, but also didn’t seem to care if Bucky (a Beta) was innocent or not, and Steve was convinced that it was a pattern with Tony, not just a coincidence.
She always told jokes to everyone who would listen and kept asking for new ones in return. Bruce, Steve, Nat, but even Rhodey, Rocket, and Marvel kept telling her the best ones they knew, and Scott too, when he reappeared.
was a funny story, but not the way I had to find it out," Rocket remembered. "I'll tell you all about it later."
"The last time I saw him, his synthetic body was just fine. He only deleted his memory banks, but I suspect they could be retrieved."
“I find your speculations rude, and that’s all they are. Speculations. The scars on my body came from me being clumsy, the clothes simply were never my style despite what the etiquette dictates, and I don’t have pups because my health isn’t so good. I’m too small to have them, probably.”
"See? He likes you back, Quill," Gamora stood, finishing her meal with a smile. "Why even wait until prom to ask him out?"
"Why don't you bring him back for dinner first, and let me talk to him before I never see you two again?"
"You know what I would have told you if you told me that in Stuttgart, babe?" Loki kept nodding as if in agreement.
"I don't want you to change," Steve told him. "If it's not the crazy sex where we don't have the choice but to do it like in 1970, I... I think I'd prefer you to top me."
"Drink, Tiny," Hulk only pulled his form closer to the bowl he placed on the ground. "'t make you strong and big."
"The players? Maybe even do an exclusive edition on them? It's not like you're wasting paper since it's all digital, and I'm sure a lot of girls and even some guys would love to read it. And I imagine our baking sales to raise funds for the team would go a lot smoother," Fury suggests. "It's a win-win."
"A rough estimate then, or some compatibility test, I'm sure many can be found on the internet," Steve shrugged. "Then ask her to do a calculation with you and Buck. And finally, for all of us."
"I don't have time for this," Tony wanted to leave again, already regretting coming back. He was too old to join a cult now, and no matter what problems he had in the past, there was one constant thing he could rely on. Science. Not magic, and waving wands around.
"I shall tell Rocket you said that," Vision could only promise. "I think he won't hate it completely."
"Because I'm so happy? With my boyfriend?" Steve spells it out for him nevertheless, and that's when it hits Phil how much exactly Steve likes-him-likes-him.
"Nothing much yet, but don't give me ideas," and instead of intimidated, he seemed to be in a challenging mood, but two could play that game.
"Alright, because if you're straight and I was coming on too hard by telling you about my crush on you the last time, I just wanted you to know I'd never-"
But just a stolen party ship, a lost eye, and a destroyed home planet later, Hela was gone, and the Revengers were still all alive, just as all the Asgardians on board, and though Loki didn’t come with them, he said his goodbyes in a form of a clone.
Tony could only inwardly groan. But he'd be a hundred times more irritated soon if he didn't learn that spell so...
It might be doing it already, it's just hard to tell when you don't even have time to sleep because for now you're so immersed.
"I don't mind," Thor said, but when that made Banner only stare, he added. "I just mean after all that happened, and how I got used to it in my animal form, it's quite nice not to sleep alone. These cabins can get quite chilly at night, and-"
"'WHO?!' I don't know, let me think," Rhodey put on a very sarcastic wondering face. "Your soul-marked? Even if you don't give a shit about it and what it's supposed to mean, it's still... "
It was a start. So Strange first explained how the spell was supposed to work. Then he went through the composition of the spell, and the intricate tricks you had to pay attention to, and he left the gesture last on purpose because he didn't want Stark to accidentally trigger it, but before they could practice the movement for more than 5 seconds, Stark grew impatient and used the spell anyway.
"Yes, to just Steve, then you'd never be Captain America again, even though I also have a very good guess how the Serum works now," Bruce warned.
It was then not only Loki's curiosity that he continued to pull misery from Tony but also a "justified" motion. Loki was a deity, and if he could help mortals so much through Stark by taking so little action (doing something he had always done for others with not much effect, nor was it then his choice whom to support), then he had to, right?
And even when he did, and Wong opened the door, he only said: "We aren't buying anything," and closed it on Stephen's face.
"It's good to be back," Vision could only say, but when that made Wanda tear up again, he added. "Being alive means I'm one step closer to reaching my dream of becoming a stand-up comedian."
"I can," Fury grins. "And I usually do. If someone sucks, I yell at them right away, all you have to do is to report everything I say, just maybe  with less swearing."
"Isn't it, though?" Bucky quietly seconded. "You didn't want him to see, because deep down you still look at us as something abnormal and disgusting, and with your kids, you're so careful to lead them by example, you're horrified what would happen if any of them found out."
And Coulson doesn't quite get how much so until he sees her, and though she can barely keep her eyes open, she still talks to him for hours and makes him laugh so much that by the end, Phil's sure his face muscles will be sore the next day from all the smiling.
"I mean, you've never actually said you wanted anything more than just a big green Hulk pillow, so I'm only putting it out there, but maybe I wouldn't mind if you did."
"Still, may I suggest some cooperation?" Loki tried. "Ebony might not be the brightest, but he has powers."
"You know me so well, but then why are you upset when I'm only being myself?" Tony knew the whole night he was acting like an ass, but it was also the soul-marks' influence.
"Is this your way of asking if I could be his best man at your wedding? Or yours? I didn't think you'd think of me, no matter how many metal arms I give away for free!"
Add the ability to investigate all the possible futures to the mix, and photographic memory and Stephen could have been used as a future-predicting machine because his accuracy rivaled certainty.
"Are you sure you should be wasting your magic like this? Just a couple of days ago, you were dying..." and he looked slightly concerned as well.
"Why? I did all you wanted from me. I helped Thor and his friends. The pathetic little planet!" Loki hoped he yelled at Odin with fury, but in truth, he felt frail. "Why punish me like this now, when I'm already in pain... Unless you wanted me to suffer all along."
Strange, however, living through an eternity of pain with Dormammu, doubted it was anything he couldn't take, and... it was his only choice. Something he wouldn't expect, because everything he could (all 14 million of them) didn't hold the solution for the problem.
It's not easy though, juggling suddenly not only schoolwork, the paper, and a new position for which Phil has to do tons of research (you can't just provide reliable statistics out of thin air, without knowing how it works, for instance, and then there's the game and social media strategies he also has to start from scratch), but it's also something new, and maybe - probably - it will help with getting his muse back.
Usually, that only gave him grief, but not when Erskine told him on no uncertain terms that he didn't want an Alpha to take the Serum - not again. Then it was a source of hope.
"I have thought about it a lot. And this body is just as much of a different person to me as the Hulk was to you. So if there's any way for me to get back and not die in my original form, I want to do it, Bruce," Steve was ready to beg if he had to, but he was understood just by the way he said it.
"No? Then what?" Loki wondered, but they were interrupted then, and only got to explore the topic - with great attention to detail - later.
And since Steve would have to return to an empty house then, every night, Coulson tells his parents, and Steve gets permission to stay over indefinitely, even if only the couch, which can't be that comfortable, because Steve wakes him up in the middle of the night, sneaking into his bed.
"I've never seen more stupid-looking jewelry in my life, and I can assure you, I'd remember, Doc," Tony told him. "So, I was thinking. Block my powers. I don't want them."
"You can't be saying we should have an open relationship, that'd never work. Just look where our first disagreement got us..."
Going back to his old life, therefore, wasn't just a thing when there was no fight to be fought anymore, but also something he thought he desperately needed.
Still locking him up on her spaceship, taking him everywhere she went, giving him alcoholic beverages instead of food and water, which Thor couldn't stomach in his current predicament, so he kept trying to get out when she wasn't looking, in dire need of some sustenance, but he was getting weaker, and she seemed to want to keep him.
Stark had what the magical texts called a "restless pioneering soul", who no matter his achievements, his conquests, or even his wealth, would always live in turmoil. He'd never settle because after everything he'd done, there's always something bigger, better, and more. Whenever Midgard had a group of people like this gather in one era, revolutions came and rewritten history.
"My dear mortal-mortal enemies, you all look surprisingly well. Should we do something about that, what do you say?" he asked, which earned him some unamused looks, but none of them really believed the threat, and Loki couldn't keep up the facade much longer either, laughing. "Sorry, it was worth a try."
He wasn't into men per se, but as a doctor, a body was a body and at least Stark was good, so he had no regrets, though it had to be one of the weirdest morning afters when Strange woke beside his own naked body still sleeping, while his Astral form sitting at Strange's desk, Stark busy working already.
And he didn't come back the whole day, only returning possibly at night, because Loki had woken up next to him in the morning. Which could have been pleasant, if not for the pain that accompanied Loki's consciousness then.
"What, Bucky told you we were just friends or something?" Loki wondered, but then Natasha helped him out.
"We're both too self-centered for that to work?" Stephen chuckled but was mildly surprised by the answer.
“I feel as if I’m dying,” he told Tony, looking at him with anguish in his eyes. “Just like when I lost Bucky. I couldn’t save him, and now I can’t save you.”
He would change his appearance to a female one, that way nobody should suspect anything, and get another doctor.
“Yet, you’ve just said something I’ve only heard from abused Omegas. You’re full of scars that didn’t heal properly, and you keep adjusting your tie as if you aren’t used to wearing these clothes. Not to mention the fact that you aren’t infertile, but you never had any pups. How does your Alpha take care of you during your Heats?”
"That's not right. How can you even think that for a second?" Bucky couldn't believe what he was hearing.
"And my stepfather is known to move around a lot. Maybe I could ask him to move because of me this once."
"I got the same message," Tony told him. "Can I assume then that in no way did you indicate to Friday you were in distress just to get me here?"
"I think I have it already, so let's just get to it, then," Tony considered it for just a second before he could change his mind, turning to Cap. "I'm only going to say this once: I'm sorry. I shouldn't have kissed your boyfriend.
"I don't want to change that either," Tony said. "I was thinking of another type of favor too, actually."
As far as Tony knew, Steve was the only OSP officer who didn’t seem corrupt. He not only scheduled a real visit (not just falsifying the paperwork), but also wouldn’t take Tony’s lies at face value, and that was… admirably naive.
Humor was something unexpected by definition, yet still not completely random, because it had to connect to the previous topic - just in an unusual way. Over the line in some ways, yet not way too over to make the listener uncomfortable.
“Yes, as a matter of fact, I did, very much, thank you for asking,” Steve was sure he was blushing now.
And hell, it was killing Tony but he couldn't push of Rhodey didn't want it. So he kept working on the suit, and on Mark 41508 (or at least that's what it felt like), he deemed it worthy to show Rhodey as his birthday present.
It made him stronger and this way, he could trust that the precious few who loved him (like Frigga), really cared for him, and that should have been enough. And if anything, he could finally try to live up to his Allfather's expectations, knowing that he'd never get it anyway.
“You’re turning my words inside out. I thought you were supposed to be on my side!” it wasn’t how Tony ever addressed an Alpha. “Obi provides for me just perfectly…”
"I'll settle for some cruel torture I can inflict on you upon your recovery later as retribution. Like, you won't be allowed to date anyone else but me. Ever. Or complain about the fact. And you brought this on yourself, Mr..."
"Groot!" Gamora yelled for Groot, who just waved happily at Quill from through the limo's open roof when he heard. "Did you ever date Rocket? Or are you planning to?"
"I'd prefer not to be in your debt after today," Tony shrugged, when the software finally communicated his message.
"Are you sure you're well?" the Captain joked. "It's as if you've just thanked me, but that's unlike you."
Some killer robots turned up, and Loki - as part of his penance - had to help the Avengers to get rid of them. Even got an undercover mission with Barton and Natasha after to figure where the maker of the robots had such advanced tech.
But then, Loki spent some time with the humans, and he had to figure that when it came to emotions, the Aesir weren't that different, just had longer lives to play out the same pre-written scripts of life, everyone just playing a part.
"I'm just not the tech guy," Rogers admits, and Coulson nods deeply as if he didn't know that already. "I'm fine with posting a photo of myself once in a while, but not after every workout, if you know what I mean."
"Most of, but not everything, right? Therefore, you need my help," Strange told him. "If you're also willing to help me, you have yourself a deal."
When things changed, they’d always turned only to worse for him. And he was just an Omega, completely powerless anyway.
So Loki never even risked it. Until he learned he was adopted, and a Frost Giant. Then he left home and would have probably self-destructed, if not for Thanos finding him, and taking him as an understudy.
If there was an etiquette to tell destined mate the news about your fated connection it surely wasn’t while yelling. But this was worse than dying. Tony could hardly think what kind of a future they’d have. Steve made a fugitive of both them, and safehouse or not, they’d be sooner or later discovered, and Tony was still Obi’s property.
"It would be troublesome," Steve teased him. "If I acted like this with everyone, and they had the same reaction as you."
"Actually, about that," Stark spoke up. "And I can hear myself when I'm suggesting this, but maybe we could all work together. I mean sure, we could go back, and wait for Thanos to find us once again, or we could take the fight to him. Between Underoos, Mikey, the Good Doctor, the sorry excuse of a god and me, I think we could-"
In the past, Howard at least was good for figuring clever applications for the newest tech and sell it, but his glory days were way past now, being a drunk (blaming Tony for ruining his life with his status).
“Ah, you know how it is,” Tony tried to force a smile, but when Steve only looked at him with concern, he gave up on that idea fast. “I mean, you don’t, but he’s the best. I’m very lucky to be serving someone like him.”
So he takes good care of avoiding Steve, even more, going as far as only emailing him the research on the topic he promised to help him with, not doing it in person, and in turn, Steve still smiles at him a lot but doesn't talk to Coulson unnecessarily or alone, and that helps.
"It matters! The more we can get the better, so I wouldn't have to buy the boys uniforms with my own money!" Fure tells him, and Coulson realizes it's true, and he's been doing that for a while. "But the Principal is adamant that sports aren't that important, and you can only sell so many baked goods a year, and people keep graduating high school, how dare they, so if you have a better idea, out the fuck with it."
Because that's what happened. When Bruce Banner literary dropped in the Sanctum, and he told them Thanos was coming, Stephen investigated all the possible futures, and found none where Earth wasn't doomed.
"Oh yes, listen to your ex, Rocket," Ronan said, and Rocket would have already jumped to give him another punch, but Groot wouldn't let him.
"I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not that amusing," Barnes told him next. "Why do you think I live in the middle of nowhere, alone?"
"Right, I figured. But everyone who knows me knows, and it's not like I want to hide it. I just don't want anyone to treat me any different because of it, so I'm not sure."
"It takes a village to raise a child, and she is mine just as much as everybody else's in the compound," Vision told him.
A witch fell on Sakaar, and resisted capture going against all sorts of weapons Sakaar had to offer only using her magic but still winning - the first sign she was capable. Second, she not only managed to get Grandmaster to give her accommodation and food, but she wanted money. Lots.
“Let’s do it. The only thing I need is to check if the hospital can go on without me for two weeks. And if someone can take over the group.”
This way none of the Chitauri of Midgard's mightiest heroes would know that Loki was working on protecting them, except a couple of civilians he had to save, because they were too busy staring at the alien ships and screaming, unable to help themselves by simply running away. Seriously pathetic.
Even when it was finally over, Bucky came to check on him, asking if he sustained any dangerous injuries, Tony had to tell him only by letting his faceplate to retract and show Barnes what exactly was the problem, unable to speak.
"Hell you don't, you're supposed to help us break out Rocket, remember? Nobody of us knows how to do that shit but you."
"I mean, why buy stuff with my picture on it if you could spend some time with the real deal, right?" it's as if Steve's a completely different person than just 10 minutes before, so Phil's kind of confused.
"Puny God stay away from Tiny, or die!" Hulk not only shielded Thor from Loki but was also basically yelled at Loki who seemed so intimidated Thor could have laughed.
"Of course," he echoes, and then remembers there was something about the planet in Fury's sentence as well, so he adds. "Go Earth."
"I don't like threats, and we both had a long day, so why don't we just talk about this tomorrow..."
And when both the Captain and then Natasha thanked Loki for his help, first for his combat skills, and the second for a simple shape-shifting charm, Loki finally figured why Thor loved his humans so much. They treated any relatively advanced being as if they were truly special, and it was so easy to please them!
Tony was born with a soul-mark for "death" and "merchant", so Howard had that removed when Tony was just a kid.
"That's why you let me leave yesterday," Tony realized with some mild irritation. "You knew I'd be back anyway."
Because it's who Steve was. It was also part of the reason why Peggy meant so much to him. She knew him as the "real Steve", but still loved him.
“Yes?! It only goes to show my father was right and I’m a horrible Alpha. I should have noticed at some point... Hell, Steve, did you enjoy any of the sex we were having for the last three years?!”
Not only did he get to see a magical duel, but he also made sure to note to Loki that if he didn't win, he'd fall out of favor. Technically, Loki had an escape plan out of the planet should something go wrong, but he didn't want to leave just yet.
“I have friends who could probably forge us two passports, and if not, they’ll know a person who can.”
"If you're worried about your boyfriend, we're protecting him. In class. Not that he couldn't take Ronan, but the teachers don't like trouble, so... don't worry, we've got him."
After all the drama with Happy and Pepper, Tony locked himself in his workshop. First Bucky thought Tony just passed out from all the booze and/or was sleeping it off, by day 4 he started to suspect Tony deliberately locked the doors to get rid of him. Bucky still gave it a shot the fifth day and also trying to use the coms to talk to Tony as well, positive he was heard, but not even the AI lady answered him.
"No. I got sucked in because your... darkness is so similar to mine. It's hard to put it into words."
The Grandmaster was gone, courtesy of the Hulk, and now all the planet was in a strange state of upheaval, but Bruce thought he could use the Quinjet to try to get back to Midgard, and Loki was kind of supposed to enjoy Chaos, and use it.
They were back in the Sanctum, with Jade crying, and Wong running up to them with a weapon until he saw it was only them.
Tony himself didn't even check the documents, assuming he was familiar with its contents. And perhaps Rhodey and Pepper truly treated him differently after, or perhaps they just wanted to leave him some space after the "traumatic experience", or even possibly away because Tony himself had distanced himself first from them, but nothing was the same.
"So don't hit him. Piss him off by staying, and having the best time of your life," Quill suggested while he led Rocket the dance floor - only the two of them now. "After all, the teachers can't throw you out for dancing with me, right?"
"Maybe you aren't so boring either, after all," the Grandmaster laughed cheerfully, bringing Bruce back to the room Loki was kept as well. "Maybe you could even fight each other. Or, the two of you could try to face the witch. I'll try to decide which one should we do next week."
can't even trust I have your back. God knows Stark will never trust me and who can blame him, Natasha keeps waiting for a good enough reason to eliminate me, and don't get me started on Fury because..."
"It's baby Thanos crying! Wong, I think he's hungry! Again!" Jade reported while Wong appeared with a bottle of milk, rushing past Loki and Strange now.
"Then why didn't you tell me about it before," Loki just wondered out loud, half hoping he wouldn't be heard.
Quill just stared, and she took it for a yes. Quill expected it to be a one-time thing, but the next day not only Gamora sat with them, but Drax and Mantis as well, and even though Quill was jumpy, Gamora only took his hand one day, when Rocket wasn't at the table, and quickly said.
Steve was about to say something when Tony kissed him right there and then, paying no mind to who saw.
“But you don’t get it, I’m the worst. You think working for an organization like OSP, I’d know when to listen to an Omega when they tell me not to take them away from their Alpha. Their destined mate!”
Even Jimmy just notes that it was about time that Coulson moved on from their failed relationship as if nobody considered that Phil might just not date Steve.
Walking through Bruce the simplest steps of magic while justifying it was supposed to be a pain, but surprisingly, it wasn't.
"Oh come on, asking about the food in the cafeteria is only marginally better than talking about the weather," Rocket teased. "Surely, you can do better than that."
He didn't have to wonder much though, because... the Grandmaster deemed Bruce in Loki's body less precious than Loki who could still become his beloved Champion, and was about to melt him.
"My workshop, what else. Teaching you about technology. And also, it's five floors up, so it's quite high..."
"I guess I... can't tell how much of what I feel here is really me, and not just my instinct, and I..."
It was too late, but now Tony got the difference between friendship and what he felt for Rhodey when Rhodey's military friends kept showing up, and they became Tony's friends as well, and while he never would have considered Steve or Bucky or Sam for a night, Rhodey was always different, wasn't he?
"You need to turn into the Hulk," Bruce surmised. "I know him better than anybody else, and can calm him down, once we're far away from here."
Obadiah would stay in the room to make sure Tony would never be marked. Only partaking in the action by watching Tony’s humiliation, enjoying breaking him far more.
That was why it was so strange when one morning, quite early, Bucky was making pancakes for an early breakfast - Steve's request - and Steve was distracting him one second, kissing into his neck and whispering into his ear, but jumped the furthest way possible when he heard someone coming.
"Wait wait wait, I don't want any trouble," Loki put his palms up as he saw a human do it once. "At this moment, I think I'm here exactly why you two are."
"Did you know? Did you know, and chose not to tell me, because he was your fuckbuddy in the past?" Tony asked Steve after Zemo showed them the recording.
“Let’s rent a room in the closest motel,” Tony suggested. “We spend the night there, our meds will wear off, and we go in that stinky base as if nothing happened, take what we need, and go back.”
Except, he wasn't. Suddenly, pain seared through him like hot lava, emerging from his abdomen, but radiating everywhere so badly, that he ended up on the floor, right next to his victim.
"Ah, because it's so often that people need their cars to be lifted by a man?" Tony couldn't help but point out.
"Um, I'm part of machine now," Tony gestured at his chest. "Just don't make grandma jokes with me, 'kay? Sometimes even young people get pacemakers..."
"I'm not. But it's not the same. No amount of tech could replace... forgive me, I'm tired. I wanted this to happen, and the suit is nice, and I might just borrow it if Thanos appears one day. But I'd like to return to the Sanctum if you don't mind."
"No, of course not," Rocket answered this as well, while Groot only smiled, and when Rocket wasn't looking, he just gave Quill a silent nod while grinning, making Quill almost laugh as well. "We've just basically known each other since we were 4, and Groot was always shy."
"I'll do some research on the topic, and get back to you," after all, Coulson can't just back out of the social media manager role now, that he could really help someone, and not just by pointing out the obvious.
" Quill said, but this time he wasn't, and he let it show, throwing back the phone at Rocket now. "But I don't remember asking for your help, so you can just shove your phone up your ass."
"Maybe I don't see myself because I fall in love, which is another significant life-changing event, just as if I was going to have a child or lose magic or something like that."
"This means I finally earn that twenty thousand credit from Nebula and thirty more from Quill," Rocket interrupted. "And that if Thor doesn't come to collect his stuff in the next 10 minutes, we're leaving with Stormbreaker and everything he owns."
"It depends. With a large enough amount of both data and time, she can be smarter than me in any field that's not as complex as finding the meaning of all the universe," Tony admitted, and he should have caught the fault in his logic right there and then.
"Fine, be that way," Thor didn't seem to get how Loki wasn't doing this on purpose. "I'll fetch our father alone first, and we'll deal with you later."
“Okay, we’re getting the room first, come on,” Tony said. “And I’ll buy any available medicine they have for Omegas and we’ll figure something out.”
"I did, and if I had a choice, I would have only asked where can I sign up for it. As it wasn't, because you volunteered me by yourself..."
Coulson panics then a little, because while Peter is great, he isn't exactly the one to keep a secret, and although Steve isn't closeted, he isn't technically out either, so...
"You already have an editorial post in the high-school newspaper, as well as reporting on news that matter."
But not everything was as bad as he first anticipated it. In some cases, the future seemed full of potential and exciting.
At first, Howard hit him for it. It wasn’t a proper Omega behavior to invent things (Omega children weren’t supposed to think for themselves when their Alphas would do it for them later anyway). But Jarvis helped Tony hide his creations, and the next time Howard had found them, they were more advanced, so he started to sell them.
So he kissed Bucky as a test first, but when he was also positively surprised by the Midgardian's reaction, he noted.
And he has none that he'd like to share with Rogers or Fury, so he decides to get it over with, even if - for obvious reasons - he'd like to keep it short.
"What's your problem?" Tony asked his best friend. "This is my birthday, property, and party, and..."
Found a spell that wasn't exactly harmful, but could end the "duel" with Loki's immediate win right before the witch could get a chance to hurt Loki, which seemed like a good plan.
He had to go through it to understand. Once you suffered so much for a tiny little bundle that was at least partially just you, of course you'd find it profound. And even though Loki wasn't an expectant mother to think gleefully of a child, when it was finally born, he thought he understood why Odin took him in.
He woke in a bed, and - if not for his injuries - comfortable. Warm. Hungry, but rested. Definitely not the torture or the imprisonment he'd expected before passing out, and he was still alive.
"Oh, Captain, you should have said so," Loki gave him a knowing smile. "I understand my charms are almost irresistible to some people, I just didn't know you were one of them. How would you take me? Rough and fast? Or maddeningly slow? Or could it be that you have no idea?"
"Oh yeah? I'm the bad guy?" Rocket seemed now angry too. "Because I at least tried to do something? And you say you're poor like it's a fucking privilege, but don't seem to get how things work for us! It's not about the money, but the friends you have! Ronan's father can bankrupt my father in a blink if he chooses to, just like everyone else in this town, so what am I supposed to do?"
One minute they were arguing (the effect of the Mind Stone, but it didn't take a lot to push them, nor did they know that then), and the next the Helicarrier was attacked by the people Loki's mind-washed men.
"And if I was an average mortal, that might just be true. But a minute ago, I was also the Sorcerer Supreme, standing between all supernatural threats and this world. Which means that by cursing me, you undid the natural balance of good and evil and that power is bigger than even you."
"Yeah, but let's be honest here: I'd only embarrass myself," Bucky flashed a grin at him. "My point is that the hero history remembers and the person who Steve is are different."
“I wanted you. Every second of it. Badly. I’m supposed to take care of you finding another Alpha, safe reintegration into the society, not trying to keep you for myself, but I just… Even now, I know I should return you, but I can’t bear the thought. To hand you over to Obi, or anyone else. I’m a failure.”
"I'm a dark magician, so I can use dark thoughts, moods, and general energy to do things mortals can't," Loki started.
It was a suit. That also flew and amplified magic, and Tony must have thought it would cheer Strange up if he was allowed to test it, but it made him miss Levi instead. And it wasn't a lie, he was also missing his magic, even though now he had steady hands.
It was uncommon, but sometimes similar meanings could morph into one another, and Tony supposed that the hidden "death" wasn't exactly far from "war", and maybe "merchant" was further away from tinkering like Tony liked to do, therefore the new "machine", which was freshly on his wrist, yet still invisible to the naked eye.
"By checking on Bucky if I'm not here? But certainly leaving your lab at least once a week to talk to him," Steve suggested.
"That's my point exactly," Barnes told them. "You both deny it so fiercely, it's a torture to watch."
Or at least, there shouldn't have been. Except when he was only wearing a towel, drying his hair while using Bluetooth earbuds to listen to a playlist simply titled
"For the record, that's a terrible idea, and I'd never agree," Tony told them, eating the bar that tasted like he was eating a scented plastic sheet. "Just as I don't see why anything has to change. Truth is, I think you're great together. Although I'll firmly deny ever having said that."
"You didn't quite fall for that, did you," Cap then relaxes into a shy smile then. "I thought I'd try to channel Bucky a bit, but you're right, and I'm more likely to date a 70-year-old woman unintentionally than someone I'd like to."
“Alright, we better take a taxi to get you home fast then,” Steve only forfeited with an unreadable expression, but Tony didn’t mind. Only when they passed the intersection where they were supposed to be going did Tony turn to him.
"I mean, I only realized I was in love with my best friend when he died, and by then it felt kind of pointless to tell anyone, but not being interested in the ladies should have been my first clue," Steve told him. "Heck, not even the Avengers know, even though I have been told this era is more tolerant. I just... don't want them to look at me any different."
"Work, I have an actual job that doesn't consist of setting up mirrors and pulling out of white bunnies out of hats, you know..."
But he passed out. And when he woke up, he wasn’t only in a Nest that was made from real pillows and blankets (unlike his creation of metal), but the Alpha was in it with him, and his Heat and scent penetrated everything.
"An alien planet? Asgard? I don't even know if Ultron is finally gone!" Bruce seemed to shut down hearing the information.
But then Bruce showed up, being both Banner and the Hulk, and while Valkyrie invited him for a meal, he explained.
Originally, that's planned after a couple of weeks, but Phil doesn't want to leave just then, so he keeps putting off asking Fury about when should they do it, and Fury is probably only too happy to have some help because he doesn't bring up the topic either.
Until one day he appeared on the doorstep of Bruce's lab, asking the scientist if he could turn Steve back - for real.
"Some people or you? I do not wish to quarrel with anybody about our life, but I'd do it in a heartbeat, if that was the only thing you worried about, Steve," Thor just gave him a look.
"Fine, I'll help you, and we're going to discuss this once I can kill you without harming the only hope for this universe as well."
"It's a date!" Drax declared, raising his juice glass as if it was a drink, and they were toasting to it, and Mantis was already doing the same, and Quill could only shot a very nasty look at Groot who was about to do the same, but when seeing Quill, he quickly just took a sip of water instead.
Steve has been told they wanted him to take the serum because it can't change who you were before. Only, what nobody told him was how if you had a "small man mindset", he could get trapped in that as well. What was seen as something desirable to serve his country, might have also made him overlook things.
He took the device from the Captain's hands with some difficulty and tried to type, but that's when he ended up back on the pillows again, his eyes teary from the sudden pain.
Centuries had passed, and Loki hid away as a traveling healer (now that he realized that his magic wasn't wreaked but overflowing, so he had to give some away of it constantly to not make himself sick with too much) until Thor sent a messenger.
"I doubt it, and for the record, even Strange said you wouldn't, and he kinda hates you now because you got all the credit of defeating Thanos," Tony told him. "But as long as that's true, you're kind of one of the best things that ever happened to me."
"Well then, have I ever mentioned I was a Frost Giant?" Loki shifted to his original form he still despised. "But we don't have time to discuss who is more hideous now, so if you'd only drain me from my life-force this time, we could postpone it-"
And Loki and Strange kept looping for days in this possible future, so Loki decided to sit this one out. Which meant that he just went with the future, and figured why that day was the one Jade chose to trap them in.
"It can wait, Tony," Steve said, but seeing Tony's expression, he added. "But I agree, there's also something I want to tell you."
Simple people were the worst at recognizing the danger they were in and judging someone's character. Loki only knew this too well, they took him in too, when he wasn't a healer just yet, not even completely sane either just then, 100 years ago. Or was it 140?
," Tony eluded one of the popcorn bowls that were circulating, which Bucky was trying to pass to him, by almost tossing it to Bruce. "How long have you been fucking him behind my back?"
"No matter the horrible things he did, I still cannot help but love him. And you know what, I've heard that he disappeared at the end of the fight, and I'd like to think it was because he realized he was wrong, and not just because he saw we were winning."
"I didn't think I kissed this bad," Steve was told by Nat he could use practice, but he was never drawn to her like that, so he didn't think he sucked
now so shut up," Tony told him, high on power still, probably. But while Loki did this trick more times than he could count, it was never done on him. Even Frigga and Thor, who cared for him wasn't capable to, and the fact that Tony would just do it, out of blue was... Overwhelming, but in a good way.
"The next time I have to bring you back from the dead, I'd add a separate database of jokes, you need of an upgrade," Rocket said, but he was grinning, not rolling his eyes at Vision, so that was progress. "I couldn't do it this time, fearing your lady friend won't recognize you with it, but the next time, mark my words I will."
Tony shook his head. He felt sick, not hungry. Just when his Heat was over - his condition got worse and worse. He didn’t know, but he was slowly dying.
"So, in a nutshell, of all the people around you, I was the most pathetic, and you decided-" Tony started, but Loki quickly corrected.
"Because I was pushing you into a relationship, and you didn't want to destroy me by saying no," Tony stated, not even looking at Loki, but still very much using it as a question to access what happened.
"I could always target the weakest spot in combat - which is the same as your current one, the join," Tony had to force himself not to just make a sarcastic comment once more, sensing Barnes wouldn't accept the arm otherwise, and he didn't want to spend the whole day just standing there.
And when he saw the arm Tony had cooked up for him, he went to take a closer look at it, then he was staring at Tony without comment as if they had a staring match.
Quill wondered how Yondu managed to get him there at all. Usually, his adoptive father and he went from one crappier place to an even crappier one, and only stayed as long as it took for Yondu to con all the locals he could out of their money, then when they begin to suspect, it was time to move again.
And Steve has been acting way too perfect. In Tony's dictionary that could only mean he was hiding something.
"If I may," Yondu said while he pretended to be immersed in the paper he was reading. "If a pretty girl like her asks you to prom, I can lend you some clothes."
Loki began to suspect that he no longer cared about Bucky's darkness either because, for the role they had in each other's lives, it was better if neither of them knew the details.
“I thought that was only a legend,” Steve stared at him. “Tony, I’m so sorry. If you want to go back-“
But he had surprising magical capacity as it turned out. More power than Odin or even Thanos had ever given him credit for - but maybe that was a strategy. Only, Loki believed them.
"If it is, it's the other way around, given that now I'm just a humble human being, and you're the strongest magician on the planet," Tony told him.
"Jesus, Tony," Rhodey facepalmed. "Just when I was almost convinced you're different, you always pull something like this."
"I'm glad you did, this time," Bucky told them after a moment of heavy pause. "I doubt I would have been able to wait so long otherwise. Just fair warning: don't try to raise any children without me. You'd kill each other, and nothing undermines authority more than that."
Other times when Tony was tired or distracted or just having a particular day, his thoughts wandered better, and unfortunately, it meant that his mind also generated countless images that weren't just fantasies about a long-lasting companionship, gently holding hands.
Thor couldn't sleep thinking if Hulk had a nightmare, he could just easily squish him, but Hulk only talked sometimes, and otherwise didn't move, and was warm, and still better than if Loki were to find him.
"It's all just a pretense though," Steve admitted. "I'm on the very edge of almost breaking down in every given moment, every single day. I ignore the pain and dealing with it, still hoping that one day I'll find the strength to sort it out, but things only seem to get worse than better, and truth to be told, I don't wish the same torment on anyone else, even if technically they'd live."
"And now you're just calling me stupid. I thought you insisted I come along on this mission because you thought I could be useful, so let me do that. Be useful?"
"What?" Loki was half-listening only, still sitting on their bed, meditating at first glance, but practicing advanced magic that was impossible for him before - before he didn't know about his origins to understand that he shouldn't try magic the way Aesir did it.
“I’M FUCKING FINE! I DON’T NEED AN ALPHA WITH A HERO-COMPLEX BECAUSE I DON’T NEED A RESCUE! WHY IS IT SO HARD TO BELIEVE?!”
Except, they barely arrived in 2012, and Tony was reporting in the status of 2012 Steve’s ass over the comms, on purpose, even provoking Scott to comment on it too.
"There, did I pass the exam, Professor?" Tony said, but then, the wizard standing next to Strange was staring at him with a bewildered expression, and Stephen was... laughing. Like a madman, in Tony's body.
Suicide rates were off the charts, after all, even though now they weren't reported, or openly talked about.
But Tony had no clue. And when he just sat there, temporarily forgetting to even work on Rhodey's braces because he was confused, Rhodey shook his head.
The good Captain must have thought Loki was the same, being attracted to men only, and trying to make him feel better.
"I've told you to call me Steve a hundred thousand times," Steve got used to Thor's antics by then, but they still bickered a lot about it. "And you have no reason to stay, but now I feel like I could finally do something else."
“It’s alright. I have you. You’re safe,” Steve tried to soothe him by scenting him, while only holding him close still.
And he left the phone on an empty chair next to Quill, who first just wanted to leave it also, but he was too tempted. Just taking it home for one day before giving it back to Rocket the same would mean Quill could not only listen to music but maybe also watch a couple of music videos where people danced to the music.
"Oh my dear god, you both are her parents," Stark managed to piece it together. "And now I can't help but picture how that happened."
"How very fascinating, and the next thing I know, you're going to show me baby pictures," Loki rolled his eyes. "But if memory serves, you seemed just bright enough to know if you can't give a straight answer to someone, there's always an option of lying."
But it would be so much easier if it was any other player, and if his mind wasn't still frozen by the fact that Rogers just admitted to being gay, and that means Phil doesn't have a crush on a straight man (again), but...
While also soaking up the team's dynamics, personalities, and general status quo that should be very helpful for the paper when Coulson will come out with the exclusive.
"Of course, there's no guarantee," Loki said. "I could turn to it just as unexpectedly as I was pulled to you..."
Although, when a little better, Loki could send out clones of himself to spy on the Midgardians to pass the time (it started with Thor, but as time passed, he was bored, and it was better than the so-called television), and one of the humans was less of a joke than the others.
Not to mention, the next time he saw Strange, he was being tortured on Ebony Maw's ship, who couldn't get the Time-Stone off of his body.
"It's funny, because even being completely out of it, he was right," Nebula smelled the liquid Rocket was drinking, then put it away.
Actually, Tony didn't explain anything he worked on before into this detail to anyone except maybe Rhodes once when he asked, but Barnes was a tech-enthusiast (he even mentioned going to an expo just to see Howard's inventions when Tony was tinkering with his arm before), and was a very good listener in a sense that he never tried to talk over him.
"Right after the very joyous occasion that happened although we didn't plan it. So I've decided. Now or never. If you're willing to give it a shot then-"
Thor was on the way back to the Avengers (what was left of them) with Bruce already when he gathered his thoughts enough to note.
"You came running when I was hurt. Then the next threat comes, and you even fought on our side just to make sure I was okay..."
A simple Midgardian wouldn't have gone up into flames being hit by one of Stark's weapons, but Bucky wasn't a simple mortal. Loki had already seen the signs of that firsthand, like his power, speed, stamina.
Loki wanted to use a body switch spell between her and one of the gladiators. Since it wasn't exactly a curse, it would wear off as soon as the two switched people could get on better terms, but Loki had his doubts if she would ever try to get close to a simple footman, even if her magic depended on it.
"Yeah, it is," Quill's only defense was sarcasm now. "Because I tried, but I can't hide my feelings for Rocket any longer, so deal with it. He's mine!"
Only Bucky could call the great Captain America "Stevie" without any malicious intent, and Tony rather returned to his work than to comment on that.
So he took the phone - strictly temporarily - and was just about to return it to Rocket's locker once again the next day, still early when Ronan caught him in the act.
"And I don't want to aimlessly float around in space for years, even if I could perhaps survive. Which arguably won't happen, because there's a difference between a cold planet and cold space."
And it wasn’t a lie. Spending time with Steve, he was happier than ever before, and Tony had already seen so much. Letting go was something he could do without regret.
"Yes, and we can uphold that tradition by selling baked goods as well. But I was thinking, and maybe we could sell some other stuff as well. It's always good for the team to have a little extra cash, right? Even if it's not what matters..."
He had no plans. He couldn't go back to Asgard, not to mention how furious Thanos probably was with him, but he didn't know any other life.
No, no, no, Thor wasn't going back to another cage, not when he just escaped Loki, so he let out his claws out and even bit and snarled at Valkyrie, who didn't seem impressed - now holding him further away from herself, with some sort of disdain, but not letting him go.
Which normally would have provoked him to snap at the spectator, but that attitude got him here in the first place. Dependent on the mercy of a mortal, half-beaten to death, far from home, never welcomed back, and with nothing to show for his efforts.
"Uh-oh, why?" Ronan only mocked Rocket now. "Is Quill your new boyfriend, Rocket? Groot just wasn't good enough for you anymore?"
So it was only wise to not risk everything he'd finally found by a relationship that might just devastate him later, right? The last thing he needed was a shove toward the abyss while he was already doing a balancing act.
“So if I take a blood sample right here and right now, wouldn’t I find some illegal substances in your blood?” Steve asked him with a sad expression, then he stepped closer, and lowered his voice. “I’m on your side, Tony. This isn’t a trap. If you give me a good enough reason, I’ll make sure to get you out from under Obadiah’s care. But you gotta tell me at least some part of the truth. Even if he isn’t the one who hurt you, he’s still guilty of negligence at least. I wanna help you. I’ve helped many others like you already. But you have to trust me.”
"Yeah, because on a scale of one to ten, I'm a 4, and you're like a 13, and if we add the digits together, they are the same," Phil hates to grade people, but he also dislikes whatever this is.
One glance at the wizard who clearly never heard of color coordination given his blue attire, red cape, and yellow gloves, and Loki knew that this mortal was so quick and eager to use his magic because it was the thing he treasured the most. Maybe the only, given how desperate he seemed to prove himself.
Whatever it was, when Loki arrived, Barnes seemed not only aware of who he was, but also right about Loki's motivations. Mostly.
"Come on, bullshit!" Cap almost looked as if he was about to throw up just by envisioning himself with Tony, and Tony understood the sentiment perfectly.
"It's nothing like that!" Thor tried to assure him, but when he reached for the mortal, Bruce just avoided his - only friendly! - gesture too like plague.
"There could be plenty of situations where they do. I already thought of three, just listen..." Rhodey said.
"Go ahead, I think we'll both get a chance to try anyway," Steve grinned, suddenly enjoying this way too much, making Bucky chuckle, and inspiring Tony to add.
"But you still didn't look for me when you were free of Hydra. It took me years to find you, and only managed because a friend of mine who is a telepath offered to help."
"I sure hope not. I got pregnant from a guy once by accident, even before I knew his name, and although the kid turned out seemingly okay, I can't help but think it was rushed. In my culture, I'm considered almost too young for it with my humble couple of thousands of years..."
"I'm dying. I mean I will die soon, probably," Stephen clumsily explained. "And anyone who could understand how I knew are only the other Masters or you, so..."
Famous last words. Rhodey - when he indeed couldn't remove the "art"- made Tony switch quarters with him. Only, Tony couldn't remove his monstrous creation either, so had to paint over it.
Wong knew just as well as Strange that it was the worst idea ever, but it's not like they had a choice, and if Stark knew the risks, he'd panic less.
“And do you have to be naked?” Thor mused out loud. Although, he’d also never admit, but had the best sleep next.
"Don’t call him that. If you have a problem with me, deal with me not him..." Steve felt horrible for not telling Tony everything when he had a chance, but also not happy with the words Tony so carelessly used.
"Uh-uh, and the last time I got an intricate knife that was specially designed just for me by the blade-smith, he refused payment telling me it was my wedding present?"
But all that was just for show, and someone like Steve who was good at noticing the details would see through it, not to mention a trained assassin like Barnes. Tony wondered whether they pitied him.
Now Bucky and Steve were staring at each other, Steve speaking up, still looking at Barnes, but not addressing him.
But he was happy moving in with Tony, seeing him that much more, and Tony also smiled more, especially when it was just them, so Steve took it as a good sign.
"Good," Loki tried to pull himself together. "Jade - we know you can hear us. You can't keep this up. There's a very, very bad man who will hurt all of us if you don't let us out."
So somehow one mission turned into a dozen, and after a while, even Stark began to tolerate his presence, even if he was never as naive as the Captain to trust Loki, but that was only smart.
Jarvis had tried his best to prepare Tony for what was coming, but he also wanted Tony to have some resemblance of childhood. He was the only one who said goodbye to him when Tony was sent over to Obadiah, scared, but still unaware of what was coming.
"Maybe not," Bruce said, and it was weird, because he looked like Loki, but his expression was nothing Loki would have ever had on, not in a million lifetimes.
He woke up in a real bed - inhaling an Alpha’s scent that was way too pleasant, so he thought he was still dreaming. Only when he blinked open his eyes and saw Steve’s regretful face close did he remember, and part of him wished he didn’t.
"But something is not going well." Bucky stated it with such confidence that Tony first thought Barnes understood more of technology than he originally thought, but the soldier was looking at him, not the code, the screens, or the simulation.
(For any Omega who didn’t have a bondmate by the age of 20, the Omega hormones were detrimental, and Tony had been living with that reality, so he had a heart condition, and the illegal contraceptive drugs Obi made him take only worsened it.)
"Good Tiny!" if it was possible, Hulk enjoyed playing with him just as much as Thor enjoyed the variety. "Tiny grow to a fierce cat for sure!"
"When his life can be exchanged for the Soul Stone, although he is supposed to be just a biological machine," Vision finished it.
“Now you know you don’t need my permission to do anything, actually,...“ Steve started, but then Tony pulled him into a hug and wouldn’t let go.
"Besides, Rocket doesn't even like me like that," Quill was pretty sure, although by then he had an inkling that Rocket might not be straight.
"Nah, just ignore them. I estimate we have about ten to twenty years before he could get truly dangerous again - if he ever does, - and we still have countless dates ahead of us, so let's concentrate on what really matters here."
"Okay, you're right. I had ulterior motives," Loki admitted. "But if we're being honest, I'd let you know, I'd
"But that was only because Loki cursed me to be this small animal you people call a kitten, and the Hulk was taking care of me until the spell wore off."
When he reached the elevator up to the Tower and Steve was still following him closely without a word, Bucky's breathing and heart-rate returned to normal, he regretted not handling the situation better, as Steve must have as well because he was giving him lost puppy eyes.
"Even when she worked properly, Friday couldn't have told you that. She's not omniscient, and there are too many variants to predict the future, especially considering how volatile human behavior can be."
There were many theories about how magic worked, and why some of the mages were stronger than others, but Strange had a unique opportunity to test one thing.
Of course, Tony was blaming himself for the kid and everything, but Steve was having none of it. He was the leader of their team. Being able to do that despite his status also meant that he was the one who took the blame if he fucked up. And he did.
"I apologize, but with humans, usually there's some more time to prepare for a situation like this, so I don't have any medications at hand. Not to mention, I'd only done this once before, I wasn't this kind of a doctor, and even then, the patient wasn't male."
But Hulk was free to walk the place and from his shoulder's Thor had a good view of where they were going and could try to memorize the layout faster than on his own.
Steve gave him a look of disbelief and might have questioned him about that, but Tony didn’t let him. Kissing him once again.
But the next day he's interviewing the Coach "Fury", and Phil's mind all but skip 4-5 questions he doesn't remember even asking, because he's too busy staring at the players play (when they're finally allowed, after a long-long list of harrowing exercises).
"If you have any request, I'd be happy to apply them," Tony offered, but it was also a trap. "After Pepper reviewed and approved them, she's the CEO, after all..."
"I'm warning you, Doc, if you ever as much think of a rectal exam or something like that while you have my body, I'll return the favor."
"What?" Tony asked, then mildly irritated. Maybe he messed the spell up, but it was no reason to laugh him out of the Sanctum, it's not like he claimed to be Gandalf or anything, right?
"You won't get rid of me that easily," Bucky gave him a lazy smile, and Loki couldn't help but smile back.
"Exactly, and you did both," Thor patted him on the shoulders with what could have been intended a friendly gesture, but when Steve only winced, he stopped abruptly. "Apologies, I didn't mean to hurt you."
And, they would have kept arguing for ages, probably, but then they were under attack. Thor - instead of joining the fight with Thanos as the others left standing did, even though Thanos was just sitting there waiting - went straight to find the gauntlet under the rubble.
Tony certainly tried to tell Cap that his humor needed some work still for this century if he ever had any and that he was only speaking so much because someone had to fill in for Barnes as well, but he wasn't legible.
“STOP THE FUCKING CAR!” next he threatened the driver. “You might be a Beta, but you can’t drive if I spray this in your eyes either!”
He even couldn't help but avoid Pepper and Rhodey as well, because Tony knew Rhodey had destroyed Dr. Zola's files before turning the rest of the damning evidence over incriminating Schmidt, but in order to know what to file as a document and what to leave out, both Pepper and Rhodey had seen it all.
Teaching and coaching Loki, even though it also meant that he was molding Loki to fit his own agenda - Loki still owed his life to the Mad Titan.
It was just his luck that he tried to be covert, but Barton was the first to notice him, yelling at him from a roof.
"Only if you're interested in something like that," Bucky told him without a blink. "I came here to tell you-"
And he designed a healing machine for himself that he had never told Obi about, but could heal all the physical wounds faster that Tony at a given day had on his body.
As Bruce explained, before language, memories of a small child are stored and called back very differently than as an adult, so Nebula had a couple of years before she would begin to remember - if she ever would.
"She didn't!" Quill insisted quickly before Rocket would believe her even for a minute. But his desperate attempts to save Rocket from a possible humiliation must have looked as if he was trying to save himself.
"You've lost the most important person in your life, yet you got up every damn morning and did what you could considering the circumstances, for years now," Nat gave him a stern look. "No matter what you think, if you could help others to do the same, it'd be a start. A start not everyone has right now, mind you."
Given how tiny his new form became, all distances seemed to only multiply. And everything he would use to orientate himself was also too far away, he got lost fast.
"Anything else?" Steve didn't move, and Tony figured he was watched for his reactions, so he threw the screwdriver on the table, and came closer.
Tony felt humiliated because Jarvis - as his name indicated - was just something like the memory he had of the real-life Jarvis, meant as a tool to tell him he wasn’t as broken, useless, and disgusting as Obi would always tell him he was, not meant to be “his boyfriend” in any sense. But he couldn’t even correct that assumption because then Obi would destroy Jarvis even for that, he knew.
And even though it was obvious he was just kidding, Tony also couldn't help but laugh, and not just because he could get used to the new name for the suit.
"Angry girl! What do you have?" Hulk appeared once when Thor was pretty sure he was dying already, too week to even look up at the green monster.
“Me? I kept waiting for you to bring it up but then grew tired of waiting. Seriously Steve you’re supposed to be in charge now, ordering me around...”
It was a constant battle you could only lose if you let go, and Steve tried to be a connection to this time for Bucky as Sam was to him by pushing for Buck to join the Avengers, but his best friend was still just one step away from a recluse.
"You should also leave, Steve, and take care of your papers ASAP," Tony looked at him with an expression that was meant to be a cheerful smile but didn't quite turn out like one. "I've checked, and Sam recently registered as an Alpha. Ask him before anyone else does, he's a catch."
"Stealing, Quill, really? Let me do you a favor and report this to the teachers. You don't belong to a school like this anyway, so I expect you'd be better off somewhere else."
"Fine, then I'll do it," Tony quickly offered when Steve was just about to get rid of him. "You are a tough person to bargain with, Rogers, but you win. I haven't been a bottom since college, but I don't think it should be a problem. Look, I came prepared, I even have lube."
"Are you quite finished?" he looked at Loki. "Don't you think if I had a way to undo this I would have done it already?"
"Next time, exclude me," Stark was furious. But also, while yelling, he forgot about his breathing, and now the magic was retreating. "I'm not in the business of..."
And while being a draugr, Bucky possibly could be invincible, he clearly wasn't sucking humans dry every single night for power, and his dead flesh was extremely flammable when his magic ran low - like then.
He all but buried the memory of having a child, and it wasn't hard, because he was working for (and secretly against) Thanos so that kept him quite busy.
Loki didn't quite get how it happened, but Banner could make him laugh, even when the ship they stole began to malfunction, and there wasn't any habitable planet anywhere close.
Because after all, Loki wasn't just angry like the green monster. He was betrayed and so humiliated that the fury he felt was just a way to cover up the truth, even from himself.
"Please don't," Steve was worn out, and they were getting along just as so fine lately, the last thing he wanted was to jeopardize that.
TBH this fic progresses a bit slower than I originally intended, since I'm usually writing about Slytherins, and Cap's character is anything but, so it's harder for me to get it right. But I hope you can be patient with me just a little bit longer! XOXO
Also, the Hulk maybe wasn't the brightest Avenger, but Thor was only beginning to think that even looking like a giant monster, he could be one of the kindest if he chose to, and Thor wanted to repay him for that.
"You know me so well," he told Bucky, and it wasn't a joke either. "It's a wonder why you tolerate me."
Tony decided that was just enough to hear, didn’t want Steve to think about that, so he kissed the Alpha. It was sweet, but as Steve pulled him closer, it was quickly over when he saw how Tony was hurting.
Bucky would have retired on a farm in the middle of nowhere had it been not Steve who told him to come back.
now he had to make sure Quill knew “his place”. First only tried to humiliate Quill with words, but when Quill turned out to be better in banter quick, then he simply beat Quill up, not letting him talk.
"Just... don't despise me too much when I'm being intolerable next," Tony said. "We both know it's only a matter of time and it should happen again that I speak before I think or just-"
"Was on my way," Steve frowned. "Got turned around by Friday, saying your life was in grave danger."
He wasn’t in Heat so it was unhurried and quite nice, actually. Steve held him like he was a valuable and fragile thing, and Tony guessed only half of that was how Steve didn’t want to hurt him any worse than he was already hurting.
Had it been Thor, Odin, or maybe even Frigga, who was hurt, and things would have gone very differently, even though they were Loki's family, who supposed to care.
Finding out that the Quinjet wasn't operational anymore because the scavengers took it apart for parts, while Valkyrie turned him down, and then the Grandmaster noticed that his beloved Champion was gone wasn't exactly as planned, nor when Loki offered his help, and finally only tried to trick him again.
Steve was baffled by this new kind of Tony, but he got used to it so fast it was then impossible to believe there was a time when they didn’t get along.
"You say information," Bucky said. "But I suspect it's something that would keep your mind off of whatever is that you're trying to avoid. And I guess what I'm saying is that I could help you. With that."
Not even when Tony learned magic, and now could channel his power into his creations, making unbelievable hybrids of technology and magic, like only a very limited few in the whole galaxy could (not even Loki).
"Are you just repeating whatever I say now?" Tony chuckled. "Maybe we shouldn't discuss anything important after sex then if you're so under my spell still..."
"Who knows, maybe if the Nine Realms favor you, you'll learn how to wield it as more than just an ordinary sword."
First, there was the issue that the more Tony seemed to be doing academically well, Howard's expectations only grew ever higher. And second, he always told Tony to think for himself, instead of copying him, but when Tony started doing that, it turned out Howard didn't want Tony's opinion at all - except if it matched his own.
"Lying, even to himself," Bucky seemed to be sure. "I remember when Peter came to the kitchen one time, and how far you suddenly distanced yourself from me as if afraid being caught."
But they aren't so close as Coulson is, and he's never been wrong about things like this before, and he has his reasons, even if the others around don't seem to care about them.
Looking for Steve's best friend, who was taken prisoner, mind-washed, and experimented upon, they managed to get close many times. And the more Loki saw of this Barnes, the more he found him a wonder.
But after they got back together, it wasn't anything like that. Steve could be a better Alpha in every other different aspect of his life exactly because he didn't need to pretend with Tony. At home, he was safe to be just Steve without all the other
And, she knocked them out, even Loki who was further away than his clone, not expecting her power to reach him.
"Is that what you truly think?" Tony simply asked, avoiding eye-contact by picking up random stuff that was lying on his table, then discarding it.
"Why am I standing on a sandy beach with palm trees? I thought we've made it clear the kittens came from burning buildings."
Loki refrained from commenting on that, but only because he saw no point trying to convince Captain America about anything he didn't want to believe.
He could also note how ridiculous but over-the-top-cute Steve was, keeping his shield right next to their bed, almost cuddling it even asleep, and just snap a picture of it, and keep the memory forever. (Secretly being fond of it so much he set it as his wallpaper.)
"Regardless of my advantage, Nat, I don't think I'm handling it any better than anybody," Steve told her. The only thing he was more familiar with about the situation than the rest was how he would pretend to be fine when he wasn't.
Bucky had his reasons to try to keep away from Steve, but thing was, nothing was more important than Steve.
"No, don't, my pleasure. Like, literary," Tony kissed him. "I got some food for us already, and was thinking that maybe we could spend the day in."
"There should be always a couple of protein bars on stock around here somewhere," Tony shrugged. "Other than that, I don't know what to tell you."
When he let the Captain go, he expected shock, panic, or maybe even some disgust, but Steve only asked.
"I've followed enough commands for a lifetime," Barnes' eyes flashed at him with some anger. "So if you want to kill me, do it. Otherwise, stop wasting my time and leave."
"Stop talking before I change my mind," Bruce warned, but when Loki only grinned in turn, he didn't.
"I thought you didn't do one-night stands," he still told Steve after they finished, and both of them basically collapsed into the covers after all the fighting and then the extracurricular physical activity.
"A month," Bruce told him. "And I've heard the Grandmaster saying that it's getting boring. He's planning on putting us against that witch any day now."
Rocket got drunk once and sent them both to hell, but in such a funny way that Vision could only smile - almost provoking him to a fight, until Nebula took him away to rest.
"I'll be good," Steve told him. He hoped it was a white lie, and that he'd be good truly. "Thank you, Tony..."
"You're right, it's just the pain talking, which you're supposed to eliminate, doing a subpar job if you ask me."
It was a nice surprise when the door accepted Steve's code to Tony's workshop, letting him in, but then again, Tony was good at pretending. Exactly as if nothing happened.
In a way, it was lucky he didn't do something worse, only leveling the Sanctum in a shockwave when his panic - at least it must have been - triggered a huge burst of energy release, which Stephen could barely shelter himself from, even a simple shield is pushing Stark's body to its limits.
Sometimes discouraged whether he was doing the right thing at all - technology could harm just as help, although never stopping because it wasn't in his nature to stop. Not being able to draw inspiration from any fellow competitors, because nobody was doing things like him, so turning to alternative geniuses of other genres like music, trying to still forge a way ahead when his path wasn't clear.
"Oh no, you could just teleport yourself upstairs, or a couple of meters to any direction," the Doc insisted, so Tony closed his eyes, and tried to remember the
Until Bucky stood, and closed the distance between him and Tony, pulling him to a crushing hug without explanation.
"The next time you do something like this, you should mean it, Stark, or you might be in for a surprise," he told Tony, who only gave him a fake smile.
"I don't want pity!" Quill said. "And no matter how rich your parents are, buying me a phone won't make up for the fact that you stood there watching when Ronan beat me up and might have just laughed about it too!"
"Good plan," Loki could only smirk. "A tiny bit - how did you so eloquently put it? - delusional about the killing part, but I'd like to see you try. Almost as funny as you thinking anyone would actually have a chance to take the Stone from Strange."
"If you're talking about elevated pulse, and heatedly exchanged words, you should consider we despise each other," Tony told Friday.
Then, Nebula was badly injured, and while her physical body and her mental capacities weren't reliant on each other, her power reserves were running out as well.
"It's not funny, Tony. It really isn't," Steve warned. Suggesting to an Omega that he should top and Alpha as part of a hilarious joke was not just teasing but cruel.
"You could always train me," Tony offered with a shrug. "I get the feeling that this miracle space-drug also made me stronger, so we could test that..."
"Even still," Phil's crush isn't helped by the Captain being nice. "If you meant you don't like the ideas of the decision-makers to go through your posts, you shouldn't worry, because most of them will love you, and I couldn't dig up any dirt on you, so..."
Like Wong's horrified face when instead of knocking on the Sanctum's door again, Stephen magicked himself in.
"That's what you keep telling your friends. And maybe yourself too. But that isn't true, is it?" It required a certain cruel treacherous mind to pick on a person whose only fault seemed to be that he was attracted to Loki (as his ever-deepening blush only proved), but still too tempting. "Maybe somewhere deep down, you're bored of being the picture-perfect hero, parenting everyone around you, and you want some darkness in your life, and who better than a villain who can't even leave, even if you turn out to be abysmal, am I right?"
"I had to deal with my own shit first, true," Bruce said. "But you were also a recluse, and I didn't know how to just drop by uninvited, based on a conversation we had years ago so... I hoped we'd have a chance to at least talk after all the Time-Heist was done."
“Yeah, he could have killed me a thousand ways but then stabbed me with my own weapon. What kind of an Alpha lets that slide?”
And that got Loki what he wanted - surprise! wait, it wasn't - except that now Bruce not only stopped smiling but seemed tired if not fed up with the whole magic lesson, and his progress slowed.
"The reserves of secondary sex medicines are going to run out in 2 months. This means people will be forced to go back to traditional roles, and the governments are trying to avoid absolute catastrophe, passing new laws every day, trying to deal with the problem before it hits," Tony explained, and Steve only nodded. He was too preoccupied to listen to the news while Tony was sick, but he heard something like that in passing. "Given that both Peter and his Aunt are Omegas, if they don't provide documentation that they belong to an Alpha, they will be sent to an Omega-boarding school and an Omega-commune who knows where 'for their safety'. I promised May yesterday to mark her and adopt Peter with her so that they're both safe. Believe me, if there was any other way, any other Alpha I could trust with them, I'd do everything in my power to make it happen. But Pepper will marry Happy, and Rhodey was also asked by Maria already..."
But when he did, he told them so far what they were watching was shit, "had to" educate Steve how any popcorn coming from the microwave wasn't worth eating, and then proceeded telling Bucky he shouldn't learn about how this century worked from a man who didn't even know it himself.
Loki had found out he also had claws, sharp teeth, and could still hiss at the Captain who seemed to be so full of himself now, but that didn't last.
And none of them were Alphas. So it wasn't an exaggeration that when Tony was servicing him, it was the best sex of his life.
"You know, you might not be dying. There's a chance that you, as a Frost Giant, could take the cold of space if the ship completely broke down, and you can examine all the things you want."
"But I can, if I digitally mask myself as Tony Stark, and only video conference in. I've already finished the program that's needed for it last night, while you've been doing what exactly, with my body?" Tony meant how no matter what changed, he'd still have the capability to adapt, while the Doc was trying to come at him with some kind of Hagrid act, not much of a use.
+ In this version, Alphas can mark Omegas just by biting but not doing the deed itself. Just thought you guys should know. XOXO
"Maybe you did me a favor," the doctor only sighed, and Loki at first didn't realize Strange was talking to him once again. "If I'm no longer Sorcerer Supreme, I don't have to deal with these people any longer."
"We've just spent 3 days doing just that. And we need to get the cube and the particles before they move them. They already know we were there looking for something..."
And Loki quickly got away from the location, but unlike Midgardian weapons, the Chitauri weapons could hurt him, and taking a hit straight on slowed him down. Not to mention, when he kept on fighting - the battle had barely started, just as he told the Captain - he got other injuries as well.
And from then on, it was unbelievably easy. Ruining everything important they had in the past, but enjoying the exhilarating fall, until it was time to hit the ground.
"I'm truly sorry Steve, but there was no other way. If there's anything in the future I can do to help you, I'll-"
So the weeks turn to months, and then, no matter how Phil would try, he also has to talk with Rogers about his social media presence. Given how he's the captain, and Coulson should have started with him in the first place, and by now basically talked with everyone else, it's not something he can put off any longer without an excuse.
"If this is your way of calling me weak without even saying, the joke's on you. I'm not the one lying defeated, unable to move."
How he'd "give birth" to this newly formed Nebula copy who would be physically a child, but mentally having all her memories were a different matter, but...
"Just think about what I've said," Steve said in return, but before he could reach the door, Tony stepped in his way.
He adds two new columnists to his team, Shuri with some cool science and tech news, and sets up a platform for Scott's stand-up comedy videos, and both of them not only do an excellent job, but also get along well with the others, so Phil is pleased, and also very proud of them all, even if the same thing can't be said about his work for the paper lately.
"You have 5 minutes to get over yourself and put on your tux, or you're coming like this," Gamora threatened.
"Sounds to me as if you wish you didn't," Nat seemed to be worried about him then, so Steve quickly had to take even that hint of truth back. She had enough on her plate with Clint now, he didn't want to pile up on it, and for no good reason too.
Finally, a weird thought came to him. He had a capability to reproduce his cells in case he was hurt, so theoretically, if he did the same with a DNA key he can get from Nebula still, he could replicate her cells inside his body, while storing her data - mind - in a separate brain than his own.
But how to get a romantic partner, even if you acknowledge the fact that there's a small chance that you might need one. That was the real problem, not the revelation itself.
"But it is. I'm tempted to ask you out on some pathetic human activity with just the two of us, now that we're finally supposedly free to decide for ourselves, and I'm not sure I like it."
“Then give me a couple of months and I’ll show you we can make it work. I promise,” Steve kissed Tony's knuckles lightly. And the Omega knew there was no way he could deny the Alpha anything when he was smiling… In a way, that bright gesture held more power than any of Obi’s threats before.
"Well, I won't, because there's no way I'm taking it," Peter said. "And if you don't mind, I'm trying to watch a movie here."
"I didn't order you to fall in love with a mindless creature, but should have seen it coming," Odin barked. "After all, you're so self-obsessed, you don't even have the capacity to care for real a partner."
He wanted to tackle Captain America out of the way, claiming he was attacking him, but only when he got there did he realize he didn't have the time to do that.
"Oh, here we go again. The next thing I know I'm to blame for the extinction of dinosaurs. Or secretly assassinated Kennedy. Or personally sponsored the fifth Twilight movie," Tony was on a roll as far as he was concerned. If Cap didn't get half of his references it wasn't his problem.
"But if we can't manage something simple as that, there'll be worse chaos than we've ever known before. If riots were to start in one country, they can spread like wildfire. And no army can stop the people who are so desperate that they have nothing to lose. Not on the long run. We either manage to weave a safety net all around the world, providing for everyone, or we might as well just give up now," he explained it to Nat when they all were having dinner one night. "So my next Iron Legion isn't a bunch of walking weapons, but some highly specialized units that can drop off packages, evacuate people, or help spread crucial information that could save lives..."
And Loki rather thought of himself as a monster than accept the possibility that Odin might have never cared for him at all.
"If you're so concerned about that, maybe you should shut up so I won't be so distracted," the wizard offered.
"Alright, then we'll do it only later," Tony gave him a disapproving smile. "When both Pep and you don't have your panties on a twist regarding my oh-so-fragile health."
Maybe he wasn't Captain America any longer, nor a Guardian, not really, but he had a partner, a couple of friends, and a home. As Thor reminded him, always just one decision away from another Steve, and in this case, he was looking forward to seeing what would that mean for them in the future.
Which turned out to be a mistake, because it got Levi sulking, and unfortunately that meant he didn't let them get close to each other for that night, getting between them the worst times, but that cloak-mood didn't last.
"I'm sorry, but my personal life isn't meant to earn you extra credits," Steve was about to leave, trying to not take offense, but still feeling somewhat of a laughing stock, when Rocket stepped in front of him.
It wasn’t always so simple. Tony’s past wasn’t making anything easy on either of them. But slowly ever so slowly, they were making progress.
“You mean to say you haven’t noticed?” Tony just laughed. “Seriously? Do I look like I’m just ticklish while we’re having sex or something?”
"Brother, if you truly think I'd make myself look like this even to get you off my back, you truly never knew me," Loki told him, then gave the annoying human a what he hoped decently threatening look. "Is this some kind of failsafe? That if someone curses you, they get caught up in the same spell?"
"That's not true though," Banner's voice stopped him. "You could have defeated the Hulk if the Grandmaster didn't shut you down."
Pepper was right," Steve sounded shocked. "All those women were nothing more than a distraction to you."
He was sure everybody was just as uncomfortable in his presence as he was with all the heroes in one room, so finally, he slipped out before Barton could make an appearance.
"I was going say I still have the biggest crush on you ever, so it quite interferes, but I'm sure that's usual between masters and disciplines of magic, right?"
"You must be kidding me," Tony couldn't quite believe it. "First you kidnap us claiming it's for on our good, then you're telling me I'm a liar? I'm not in the habit of apologizing, but I meant it too!"
"Come on, Doc, you like yourself just as much as the next guy, and weirdly, it's hardly any different than if you do the same alone, given that I have your body... Not to mention, you must be bi, so..."
"As I was saying-" Steve seemed adamant to get any reaction from Tony to his previous sentence, so Bucky stepped in front of him.
"I also have a report of a couple of pages here, going into the trends on your profiles and people's perception of them, with more details, should you want to take a look," Coulson's all too happy to finally be done with the meeting now, handing the pages over to Rogers. "Just... be careful, if you're trying something new, to not overdo that either."
"I was right, everyone pay up!" was all Tony said, while Clint, Rhodey, and Bruce were paying him, mildly annoyed. "Welcome back you two! And congratulations. Just don't polish each other's hammer in the kitchen, or anywhere near the food we eat. Also, don't break up soon, because there's also a bet on that."
If Steve wanted, he was free to be either bossy or uncertain, or anything in between. Giving or taking. Supportive or in need of support. Just as he encouraged Tony to talk with him if something was bothering him, and would hold him if things got tough.
"Technically, she also handles the lawsuits if you accidentally get crushed by a car because of my tech, so it's only fair."
But he's also restless. When he was a freshman, there were a lot of clubs he wanted to try, and everything seemed so cool, but now, he can't find his place anywhere, and nothing seems to fit.
"Even if you were mind-washed again, I'd stop you. And if you did something horrible, I'd fix it, just as I talked with Tony, and he doesn't blame you for his parent's death. But I.. after Peggy, I don't want to lose you too. And not because of a fight or old age, but because we just... might end up drifting away from each other. Maybe we already have."
Steve could have told Tony he should ask Friday that as well, maybe, but then restrained from it, giving up the truth with a sigh.
Tony thought Bucky must have chosen to eat it with him as well only because nobody showed him how to operate the TV in his room yet, and would leave anyway once the episode he started came to an end. He almost got a heart attack when Barnes spoke up hours later, lingering still.
The only thing Quill even remotely liked about this school was Film Club, because with Yondu, they seldom even had cable, so no matter what the  club chose to stream, Quill almost definitely never had seen it, no matter how old the movie was.
"I'd rather not talk about it, he clearly made his choice, which has nothing to do with us," Bucky sighed, but just when Steve could tell him that wasn't how things were last time he checked, Tony appeared as well.
So when Hulk bought a colorful string on the market one day, and then pulled it on the floor as if expecting Thor to do something with it, Thor tried to figure out what it was just to make him happy.
"I've lost count. And it was very boring. And sometimes very sad," Jade told them. "So you better get together. I changed so many things already..."
On the tenth day, Steve was forbidden to give any more blood to Tony, and at first, he threatened to take Tony somewhere else where they'd treat him, but then he knew Tony wouldn't get a treatment like the one Dr. Cho was giving him, so all he could do then was watch.
That’s why it was so strange when Obadiah came to Tony’s workshop, and relocated him to a much nicer room, made his other "spare" Omega called Pepper dress Tony in a fancy suit, and threatened Tony.
"I could watch some more episodes, and bring you more of my cooking," Bucky, however, didn't register humor. Which made Tony think it wasn't a joke about the cooking part either.
"YEARS??!!!" Bruce couldn't take it. "How did that happen? I can't... I think I'm having a panic attack."
Going out was nice, especially if Tony didn't mind being seen in their company, but Steve just spent hours on a plane getting back to this continent, so he wasn't that keen on dressing up and being recognized in the restaurants and everything.
“It’s for the best,” Tony assured him, now feeling as if a pressure was lifted from his shoulders. He didn’t need an OSP officer, he didn’t need any disruption to the fragile status quo - all he wanted was just to go home.
Not that Barnes necessarily indicated that what he wanted it for, but Tony was convinced they were having sex ever since Barnes moved into the Avenger Tower, Cap demanding them rooms next to each other way too vehemently.
"I assure you, the faster you learn, the less time you have to spend in my company," Strange told him.
“So, tell me how Obadiah is. How he treats you. Did he ever do anything you didn’t like? I was told he has an official bondmate, but you’re still listed as a first replacement.”
"How can I call on the green monster?" he asked Bruce, noting how his body looked different when Banner was slouching in it.
Tony might have looked more or less whole, but Dr. Cho told Steve that even the residual Gamma radiation was enough to kill Tony in a matter of days. So as a last resort, Steve insisted that they'd do a blood transfusion.
"If not, then... you did something even worse," Wong realized. "Couldn't stop at meddling with Time, you had to add Reality to the list?"
"You're smarter than you look, but still wasting my time by being dumb," Loki noted. "Repercussions don't apply to gods. I can curse someone without having the same magnitude of a curse lingering over my head."
"I thought you were... you've just said..." Loki tried to say but was so weak that a coughing fit interrupted whatever he could say.
He was exaggerating, but it seemed to have struck a chord on Bucky's side because just thinking about it, he visibly flinched. He truly thought he was a grave danger to Steve, but why?
"Don't worry, Phil," she then tells him. "We won't tell the players about the all basketball trading cards you own."
"For the record, sir, I'm only being responsible, especially if you want me to stay with the team..."
He was never tortured, and he was comfortable - but at what cost. He was given the finest food, room, clothing, books. But the books were always strictly on paper so he'd have no chance to hack them to get out, and Tony felt like he was kept in a cage because he wasn't only locked in a room, but he was watched 24/7 by armed guards.
"I thought you liked if someone did cheat," Loki reminded him, but he kept an eye on the witch, trying to figure what she was scheming because he was almost positive their rivalry didn't end there. But why did she tell the Grandmaster about the nature of the spell?
"If the Captain told you, he must have told you that bringing that army to Midgard was my worst mistake I regretted doing as well," Loki morphed back, trying to appeal to Stark's common sense. "So I'm not the bad guy here, and besides-"
"I thought you knew," Steve tells him, and Phil realizes that it's not just a practical joke, but real.
"That's what I wanted to tell you in 1970 before they almost caught us. I love you too," Steve quickly said. "Even if I don't know how should we do this, I want it, Tony. I want you."
Except that wasn't true either when Quill was quietly trying to eat on the very corner of the cafeteria as fast as he could (only risking it because he saw Ronan and Nebula slip into a hidden corner of the library together, and estimated they'd be busy for a while) when Rocket and Groot showed up with their trays.
Tony was working on a suit that wasn't only composed of nanotech but could also reflect the light in a way that would render him invisible to the naked eye for days. A magic trick, not expecting he'd turn into a wizard overnight for real.
And, if nothing else, the human had some decent moves for a mortal, and Loki not only stayed for a couple of hours then but promised to return.
"No, it's not. I'm just not a Jedi Master to teach anyone anything," Steve hoped a pop-culture reference coming from him would somewhat distract her. "I mean... the time of the superheroes is gone. We need neighbors helping out neighbors now, not Captain America, so that's what I'm going to do. Help out where I can, but not claiming I have any insight how it's going to be all okay when even after years I still have bad days, even if not so often now."
"You know, you could join us every other night, we have a movie and something to snack always. I'm sure you'd have plenty of suggestions as well."
“Are you okay? Do you need something?” Steve immediately became alert when Tony shot up in bed, the realization hitting him.
"What is this place?" the doctor turned around as if just from the decor he could tell that it was one of Thanos' ships.
Quill hated his new school. It was a prestigious school where there was Latin on the curriculum, the students their uniforms correctly, and they always had not only toilet paper but also soap, the fanciest freshener, and a stack of real towels on the loo.
“I also wanna tell the others. And I would like to give you a Starkphone so we can chat even when we aren’t together, but also so I wouldn’t have to watch you continue using that piece of crap you currently have. And I have to travel to California next month, maybe you could come with me? I know it’s sappy but I don’t wanna be unable to see you for two weeks, and it’s not like back when I could just use the Quinjet to fly back and forth easily...”
"Also, demanding and way too controlling fathers are often linked - amongst other reasons of course - to some form of repression," Friday added, if that was any news.
Once Tony attacked Bucky, Steve had no illusion how they'll probably never talk again. But if Steve knew he couldn't win if he used brute force, he always had a way to figure a way around it. And fighting Tony twice in one day was no way a victory even if Steve could somehow overpower him, and that was a big if.
He told Fury as much: his stay in the Avengers Tower was only temporary, watching Steve's back making sure he didn't do anything stupid just because of his grief, but otherwise, he was done.
And it worked, but when the devastation of New York started, Loki didn't feel any better, just loss.
"Which, in this context means that you won't respect my wishes now, and won't leave, no matter how I don't want you here."
"A very real kitten. Of course, when Loki transforms himself, he gives himself all the majestic animals like this snake he once turned into, and when I went to pick him up-"
"It's not. Up until to a certain point," Coulson tries to not sound insulting while telling him the facts so Rogers would get it. "Moms and daughters can bond over fangirling you, and if you'd consider trying out to be a pro, one day there would be no brand which wouldn't like to advertise with you. Even the family brands, because you're a safe bet."
"We are more alike than we'd probably care to admit. I was a Luphomoid once who was then turned into a machine and was trained to act like one. You were a machine once, but then learned what it meant for Terrans to be human, and it became a part of you. So now we're both stuck in between, even if we came from the exact opposite sites of the same thing, and Rocket was right to-"
And it was years before he did, but by then, both Sakaar and Asgard were destroyed, and Thanos was coming, so he was sent to warn Midgard by Heimdall, hoping it would make a difference.
Before he didn't see his stepfather as a man, so of course, his actions and motives were beyond what Loki would dare to question, even on the deep corners of his mind.
Well, they barely knew each other when they started going out for one. And high school life was sometimes moving so fast as life on a highway, so even after they'd been doing well together for a while, and maybe even better as time passed, Phil expected something to come between them eventually.
And, although his magic was still in wild disarray, Loki could still teleport away just enough so a magic-less Sorcerer Supreme wouldn't find him. Left Earth, heard about Odin's death later, just as the destruction of Asgard.
Luckily, Rocket knew him as well, it seemed, because he only grinned, and didn't take him up on Quill's declaration.
But after Tony showed some talent in the area, he started selling the boy’s inventions on the market, and after that took off, he even had an arrangement to do the same still after Tony was Obadiah’s property, making both Howard and Obi filthy rich.
"Yeah, because being my husband is burying the lead there," Phil can only laugh, while Steve only leans closer with a teasing smile.
It wasn't at all nice to collapse on the floor from even the effort, followed by the pitying look the mortal gave him.
Tony didn’t expect the raw desire in Steve’s blackening eyes as he said that, but… he could only smile.
"I have to warn you, for you might be beside yourself because of the pain, oh divine Loki. But you mention my capacities way too often as if you're almost found of them, and we've barely just met."
Except, Ronan, who was not only the captain of the football and the debate team, the second-best student in the entire school (if not the planet), claimed Gamora was his girlfriend (she wasn’t), and Quill tried to steal her (he didn’t).
"I've tried it plenty of times while testing, and believe me, I've had enough of it for a lifetime." Not to mention, Tony was still not very fond of confined spaces with his occasional panic attacks. "You can hop in right now, or maybe even later, should you choose..."
“Relax, if I wanted to kill you, I could have done it while you were passed out,” Rocket told him, but that didn’t sound comforting at all. “And I got you your comics back, even though they are drying.”
"Maybe you could get a real cat, Cap. And come out to your teammates without using me as an excuse?" he winked, and was still wearing a forced smile when he left.
"Or anywhere. I'll key you into Friday's processes, so she can open you any door if Strange is in danger, so you can come to him anytime. But you have to promise to give us some privacy in return."
"My data shows you should have a seat and talk. I could guide you through a number of exercises that might help you to open up."
Tony did, and he started talking about girl names then, so immersed in the topic that he didn’t notice when he lost Steve, who was secretly not listening, but just enjoying seeing Tony talk this animatedly about something - anything.
"Come on, don't quit, he's completely drunk, you know how he gets," Cap only stayed to try to calm Tony down, and if needed, restrain him physically if he had to, but so far it wasn't going well.
"I live here," Tony would have told him with some edge in his voice, but still couldn't, which meant more typing. "It's meant to be so safe if a conventional army came through the windows the implemented security measures should identify them as hostiles and get rid of them without me lifting a finger. But I had to disable some functions a couple of weeks ago, and with this new code, I could get them back."
Taking magic away from the mortal forever only seemed like the fitting punishment for a pathetic Midgardian humiliating a god.
“And that’s horrible, Tony,” Steve pushed him away gently. “But I need to get to the store and buy you some suppressants.”
It was also a procedure for OSP officers to keep their temporary wards very close while questioning, but also taking them to a public place, but Tony still flinched when Steve’s hand brushed to his elbow - just indicating him to follow to a park.
"You're right you aren't, at least not yet," sensation started to return to Loki's limbs, and Barnes was just standing too close. So Loki could use a swift move to tackle him - using his own body weight to gain the advantage over Bucky. It was clumsy, but maybe also a reason why Bucky didn't expect it quite so soon. "But now that the tables have turned..."
But now all he could sense that the news shocked Steve so badly he forgot he was about to put some distance between them, so Tony could get to him again, continuing where he left off: kissing Steve.
Given how the topic was Pepper's mark, Tony might have looked Rhodey's up just trying to make sense of it all (and with Rhodey it wasn't hard either because for military and government officials their marks were in a more database that was open for the public).
"This was the largest print I could get without wasting more time and resource on it," he told Steve with the largest smile ever. "I want you to sign it before I put it up as Rhodey's new wallpaper that won't come off."
"So, what do you guys think?" Coulson asks and gets a knowing look from Maria. "I mean, it's time-consuming, and maybe nobody would read it..."
"She's must be-" Strange almost answered, but Loki only - ever so slightly - shook his head. "Actually, I have
"You can do that?" and the Captain seemed truly impressed, unlike the Aesir who believed that someone using magic was a sign of physical weakness. "That's kind of cool. So what, are you going to become a human?"
"If the next thing out of your mouth isn't how you have a very easy way to turn me back, I'm gonna flip," Stark, however, seemed to be more agitated than Strange himself. Which was funny, because having Strange's body and powers was no reason to freak out.
"You're just so... irritating, do you know that?" Bruce raised his voice now. "Fine! I'll just spell it out for you: I don't want you to die, because I care about you! After all the things we've been through together, how hard is it for you to understand?"
"Oh, I'm sorry, it's my bad," Tony couldn't help but say. "I'm so horrible that I was willing to give up the woman I love so that she could be truly happy..."
"If I learn magic, you'll have no power over me, right?" Tony, however, didn't listen. "And tell me this: if I was the happiest person alive, and well, would you ever put me down just so you can leach on my darkness once again?"
"Only prefers to annoy me more, probably, ever since I shrugged him off the first time we've met," Tony surmised, while the cloak only patted his shoulder, making Stephen laugh.
No matter if you've just had major surgery or a child, if you just lost the love of your life, or you were born tall when he wanted you to be short. Work was work, and it needed to be done without "complaints".
Loki couldn't help but chuckle - even though that came to an abrupt halt when he couldn't breathe for a minute after doing that from the pain.
"Damn, the white won't cover it up," Tony noticed. The extreme colors of the palm trees and the sunset on the water were indeed showing still. "And I'm not sure how many layers of paint can a wallpaper absorb before the paint will just start to break up. Maybe it’s best to put another poster on top?”
How was it possible, that despite Tony being a mortal, he was a better lover than any of Loki's previous flames was a mystery.
It was only on Tony's birthday that Tony got into a huge fight with the both of them. Tony was just getting to know a lovely redhead who had a not so appealing mark ("black" and "widow", despite never being married), but she wasn't shy about it, and that was exciting and something new, and Tony might have drunk a little bit too much, but he was having fun, except when his party was canceled.
"This is only a guess, but since you've just banished a very important power that's crucial to this universe, the balancing powers might be trying to force it back to existence in another way."
And when they got back to Steve's quarters, and Loki was still clawing the door, trying to activate the motion sensors to get to Thor and stab him in a bigger knife this time maybe, Steve told him.
"I've always wondered what my purpose was," Vision said. "If the human concept of fate existed, why did I have the Mind Stone only to lose it? Why did I have feelings for Wanda just to watch her die? And why did I keep on existing after she was gone and my power was gone?"
"Actually, Rocket told me about your newfound hobby, and I'm just kidding," Wanda told him with a smirk, then kissed him. "Although not about the siblings part, maybe."
"You'd feel a little bit more... happy is a strong word, but maybe less... burdened and lighter, if you will."
They aren't helping when the whole gang is laughing at him, and Maria sarcastically notes "who could have seen this coming?", and now Natasha is laughing so hard her tears are falling, and Clint isn't far behind.
In a way, when Thor went to sleep on Hulk's chest that night, he felt sorry for his green teammate. Maybe even thought how he'd miss Hulk.
It was absurd, but also very Steve, and it at least made Stark shut up, while Loki ran a crude diagnostic spell, cursing Odin that he never encouraged Loki to use his magic to heal people, only for fighting.
"If you truly want to know and not just listen to your own voice speaking, try to let me figure it out first, would you," Tony was frustratedly typing away, cursing under his breath.
Loki found he could relate, although they were nothing alike, so he wondered if he should do one harmless experiment when he had enough magic for it, and that's how it started.
"Of course," Strange sat on the bed. "It's no coincidence that we've ended up on the same ship, and your slip up about her being yours too - I think she made sure it happened that way."
Especially since he seemed to have a knowledge of relics that were the only things powerful enough on Midgard to even injure Loki.
"It looks like Ronan's father doesn't like Ronan either, so my dad is safe," Rocket explained. "Had I known this, I would have broken his nose earlier, believe me."
“As I’ve said, I’m good. I’m sorry about him, and I hope you’ll find Omegas who need help and you’d get to save them, Mr. Rogers,” Tony told him. “But I’m not who you’re looking for. And I don’t want to upset my perfect Alpha with staying away for too long.”
It wasn't easy, and the "Winter Soldier" made an escape once again - surprisingly capable once he decided he wanted to fight, but still pulling enough attention of the locals wherever he went for Loki to find him easily enough.
"You must love the suit only too much if you say that," Tony tried to lighten the mood a little, but also switch topics because Rhodey was staring at him again, and the last time he looked at Tony like this, they were kissing, then quickly and amicably agreeing that it should never happen again, but if it was to, Tony wasn't sure he could just let it go as easily as the last time.
"I mean, I get it if you can't, acting as Oz and everything," Tony was babbling now, just to cover up how he might have made a mistake. The Doctor didn't seem like the type who wanted commitment, and Tony should have done it much later, and maybe along with some grand gesture or something. "It was just an idea. After all, you could still portal out if there was an emergency, and otherwise, we could be seeing more of each other with our busy schedules and everything, but you know what, I'll just-"
"You know, I used to hold Steve like this before the serum if he was about to have an attack. Of course, that's not mentioned in the Smithsonian archives, since he's the Great Captain America, and I'm just one of many he saved."
"This would be so much easier if you were a kitten," Bruce told him. "And you should know, I'm not into men in general, so I have no idea how to do this... but Hulk and I both agree that we kinda... like you."
Next, Steve was on the run, then back fighting, and when he saw Tony again it was when Tony all but stumbled into his arms. From. A. Frickin'. Spaceship.
Thanks to Odin and Thor, that ship had almost sailed already, but then Loki tried to destroy a couple of planets here and there, and now that was the news.
"Steve, I'm not one of your kids in training like Wanda or Peter or the others in need of parental supervision at all times, and I can do things on my own, you know," Bucky told him a couple of days after moving in, but nothing seemed to change, and Steve only seemed to shut down after that.
"It's part of a bigger plan," Strange tried to sound confident. So far, he had no idea how two incapacitated superheroes were better than their original future, but he had to trust the spell. "Stark, we probably should-"
"And what does that mean for me? I'm collecting more of this dark energy because you constantly top it off?"
"Was this your objective then, Friday? Locking us in, riling us up, until neither of us can stand to stay in a room with each other ever again?"
, maybe he’d only get punished accordingly. If he let Steve continue with this mad obsession for the truth, however, Obadiah may never forgive him.
“You didn’t know, but you knew I didn’t have a knot. Why did you think that was?” Steve felt just as confused as Tony looked.
After all, even if he had to stay on Midgard, and the Avengers were his jailers, it was such a primitive planet with petty little people that it wasn't a bad thing.
"Indeed, not all people realize what a burden it can be until they already have made a few friends and there's no turning back," Tony told him as if completely serious, making Steve laugh.
"However wrong Thor was, he was right about one thing. I was never the introduce you to my parents type of guy, Captain."
Except, Erskine was killed, the war wasn't waiting for Steve, and once it wasn't a condition for Steve to take the Serum, Steve told the government that he won't do it.
"Why should I?" there was even less chance of Quill taking the device after that threat. "So that you could report to the teachers that I stole it?"
"Or at least that's what he told you when you were being insufferable as you can be sometimes. But he cares about you, Quill," Rocket told him.
"It's what people do, or so I have been told," Tony said, with a small, amused smile hiding behind his features and Steve was tempted to kiss him again just then, but Tony had a point, and they should be all present if anything was going to happen - at least in the beginning.
The Avengers did not comment on Loki's appearance in the Tower later, only Thor interacting with him by giving him a crushing hug, but then the others had their ways to let him know they noticed his presence.
"Or just direct him on your way," Loki offered. "You know I can find you better than any human technology. Especially now that I had my magic in your mind. Even if faint, there's a residue I can track."
"Yes. He sustained quite an injury just to save me. I was overwhelmed and exhausted and didn't even notice I backed into a weapon, so if not for him, I'd probably be dead," and the Captain either didn't care that Loki was trying to claw his hand off, or was too preoccupied to notice. "And not only that, but even after, he fought the Chitauri and protected the civilians."
"I take it back. We shouldn't acknowledge our marks at all, ever again," Rhodey theatrically flinched. "Lest someone accidentally figure out I'm in any way or form connected to an idiot."
All he needed to do was distract Tony until Bucky could leave, and then Steve could get Bucky somewhere safe later.
He fully expected to wake up as Bruce, and was surprised when he didn't even open his eyes yet but felt his magic humming away, very close and ready to obey his whims once again - he was back to himself.
In a way, he was right. While he was also very wrong. But Loki didn't have it in him to resist then, and Tony took it as an agreement. So they didn't break up.
Loki never gave it much thought, but it was true. As a male who had a capacity to be a woman, and also as a Frostgiant who was raised to hate Frostgiants, giving birth and having a kid inherit his origins was his worst nightmare.
"But I realized I had to show you what you were missing out on," Steve added with a smile, making Loki smile back. "And anyway, you love me. It's only common knowledge now."
He means it as a compliment, not that he was digging for it specifically either, just all the other players had some kind of borderline red flag posts and Cap didn't, but the way he manages to phrase it isn't good.
At least their quid pro quo system worked wonders until it maybe worked too well. Stephen couldn't place the fact when Stark suggested something more based on that system that they were already doing.
He himself couldn’t create, most of the tech he was selling came from the alien technology the government had, but couldn’t just disclose where it came from - so they sold it to Howard for a price.
"But, Captain, you already want to put things in my mouth? This can barely count as a first date. And gagging, really? Maybe it's true what they say, the meek sometimes are the ones who have the dirtiest imagination?"
So he turned back to himself, turned the lights back on, and kissed Steve proving to him that just because Thor didn't know about everything, it didn't mean that Loki had no experience in the arena.
"I..." Peter starts to tell him that he did, but Phil glares, and Peter corrects himself. "...haven't read a thing. And I always have some conversations like this with my subjects, it helps me to capture their real personalities better, and-"
"I didn't read it from your mind, true, but your behavior told me everything I need to report to Steve."
Loki wanted to burn the whole world down. He spent his entire life living a lie. Not understanding why but instinctively feeling that he was never given the same chances as Thor. Never mind the same love.
" Steve told him, and when Tony looked at him, only shook his head. "Nevermind. It just reminded me of something that happened a long time ago."
It took him 4 hours to catch up on the latest neuro-interface tech researches, design a pattern that didn't rust easily, devising a metal alloy that was durable, yet 27% lighter.
"I've told you to keep the fucking phone! Maybe Ronan is right, and you deserve what's coming to you if you can't even accept it when people are trying to do something for you!"
Maybe because the whole "Tiny" experience was still so vividly fresh in Thor's mind, but the first thing that came to him was that Bruce would calm if Thor would hug him. And it was helpful because it surprised Bruce just enough so his breathing returned to normal.
"I've told you I'm just a solid 7 tops, not how people see me at all," the Captain says. "And as someone who'd read all of the articles you've ever written, I'd say you're easily a 9, Phil."
"Maybe? You have to decide for yourself. Every university with sports scholarship says it's the last thing they care about, yet they to investigate it, even if not officially, believe me."
please do continue," Tony turned to Steve right after he threw his dead tech to the opposite side of the gym. "I believe you were just accusing me of wanting to steal your emo boy-toy. Go on."
"I don't think we'd start your training from the beginning, or waste time on theory," the Doctor must have sensed his reluctance. "I'll just show you what you can do, and you'll have to figure out how to do it yourself. My body's muscle memory should probably help you. But in turn, I want your phone number."
"Hulk, Hulk, I have to leave, but you can come with me," Thor insisted. "I need your help. I need all the help I can get."
Turning Steve with such a brute force, their hips met just in the right angle to feel how turned on Steve already was.
It turned out to be Peter, yawning so widely Bucky thought he couldn't have noticed anything, but the more Bucky tried to ignore the nagging feeling that something was amiss, the more it stuck with him.
So Rhodey moved in with him, and Tony felt horrible because he knew this would have never happened without the accident, but they were talking again, even if just during meals or randomly when Tony was making the special braces for Rhodey.
"But I do! I would do it for any Avenger, but since it's you, I'll just have to do it all the more."
"I mean it's okay, I get it," Steve adds with an apologetic smile. "I try not to stare at you ever so often, but truth to be told, I have a little crush on you."
"As your friend, I gotta be honest: you seem in desperate need of one if you pay off cripples just to spend some time with you."
Even as a Doctor, Strange had the intelligence that would permit him to assess certain situations and people, and see how it all would play out in the end.
"You did this to me," he told the Doc about teleporting in his sleep without intent."So now you're going to have to help me fix it."
"I'm glad you wonder that, because Steve wants to give you the talk, and I can't keep him away from you forever."
"Huh." Now that it was put in this way, Loki couldn't help but think that the wizard had a point. And Loki had lost to that gang, so what did it say about him? "So what do you think about me?"
That Strange and Loki had their anniversary then, surrounded by family and friends, and it was perfect. Except when Loki made a joke about how it felt too long for Strange and him to be together still, and the adult Jade told him it's been only 3 years because they kept wasting time dancing around each other.
He was rude but also had a very nasty-looking bruised face now, and Quill somehow got the impression that he was... what? Trying to be decent in his own way by giving Quill the phone?
Just as Barton said, being a natural leader of his people not just because of his powers and military background but because he was good at reading people. But, unlike Loki, who could occasionally do the same, this came from the fact that the good Captain cared - even for disgraced ex-villains, it seemed.
And unlike the other schools, where Quill was always just a loser but at least popular, somehow the worst thing was how all the people who were there just stood by watching - except Gamora who stormed out as if angry that they were taking up space in the locker room - with a stoic expression on their faces, and as if Quill only got what he deserved.
"The 'I ran into a door' was never a valid excuse, but doing that for what it seems like 20 times isn't any better."
The next time Loki would see him, he would make him regret talking about the Odinson family as if he had any idea what it was like. But he already tried to teach Strange a lesson and that turned out spectacularly worse than expected, so then again, maybe not.
Only, he had to kind of rush to complete it. And - afraid for Rhodey's life - he had to test the prototypes one by one, often with some difficulty, which meant that... yeah, he might have destroyed half of his garage in the process, and he had black and blue bruises all over.
And Quill then not only hit Ronan because he wanted him off, but because of Yondu too, and that would have only earned him a worse beating too if Rocket didn't step between them.
, Tony," Pepper told him. "I begin to think I made a mistake not when I started dating you, but when I started working for you."
"If I'm lying about not trying to trick you, I can give you a false reason you know," Loki already felt tired just thinking about justifying all his decisions, and they hadn't even started just yet.
"But your other friends just might, if you sat with them!" Quill hated how Rocket treated him sometimes. Making decisions for Quill saying it was for the best, and not even willing to discuss it - the same as it was when he was trying to force the phone on Quill.
And Rhodey had seen Tony's records, and only knew him too well, so he must have assumed Tony had looked up his mark - which he did, even if the wrong one - and when he didn't even mention it, Rhodey must have thought it was because he wanted to ignore their connection.
"Well, you should have let me suck your dick at least, that way you wouldn't be preoccupied with what leaves my mouth," Loki told him, and still noted with some kind of satisfaction that Steve did blush hearing that. "But it's too late now, I'm leaving. As you've said, nobody here knows who I am, and-"
"The elderly? I imagine you have a lot in common, it's only natural," Tony misunderstood on purpose, maybe already setting up this joke since he mentioned them, but that would have only worked if Steve didn't have an answer prepared the same.
Well, for the lack of a better word, Stark was flirting with Loki. Mistaking his good mood and relief from grief when Loki was around for attraction. And the more Loki wanted to escape this, knowing full well what was happening, the more Tony seemed to enjoy teasing him about it.
"Whatever you say, boss," Friday chirped from the speakers, sounding more entertained than intimidated, as far as synthetic voices went. "But Sergeant Barnes is right, and you'd have to work your issues out first."
If he was dying in a possibly relatively short time, at least he wanted to talk to Stark once - while they were both completely themselves.
And she laughed, even if that was only to make him feel better. An almost laughable concept in itself, yet, as Vision had found, when it was Wanda who was smiling or laughing at him like that, it worked.
Loki couldn't do anything. He wished he could Hulk out, but even if he did, and would have unimaginable strength for a mortal, he had no way to control that strength.
"If this is the part where you tell me there's also still a chance for me, Captain, that's where you're wrong," Thor told him. "You know what? I don't care about the Time Heist at all. My soul-marked, my family, my friends, so many of my people, and even my insufferable little brother were all killed before the Snap. I'm still doomed, even if we succeed, so I don't care. And that only showcases exactly why I'm not worthy of Mjolnir anymore, and why I'll never be again."
Thor needed to get out of this planet and save Asgard, but the Hulk was right, and he couldn't do that if he didn't have the energy. He only meant to taste the white liquid in the bowl, but once he started drinking from it, he couldn't stop until he finished the whole thing.
When things usually weren't. And Loki was the last person even in the ring with three mortals who had a right to promise her anything.
"And I'm sorry, Tony," Rhodey looked at him. "But I'm not sure I can an apology like that's just years late. I just..."
"Please, Captain, I really would like to not starve to death," he gave in, requesting food nicely. "So if you could be so kind..."
"You see, Cap, I shouldn't be enabled," Tony only repeated with sarcasm. "So stop fighting my battles for me, and let them do whatever the hell they want. One more nail in my coffin won't make any difference anyway!"
Phil absentmindedly looks at Fury as if waiting for his approval, but it's just a stunt to avoid eye contact with Rogers, who keeps looking at him still.
"Yeah. Although I'd prefer it if my boys wouldn't know why you're here - at first. They can be insufferably competitive, and I'd rather not break up any fights."
"You're just all talk," Barnes turned them around with a swift motion, getting the upper hand, but only using it to kiss Loki.
Just one time, when Stark came to talk to him, Loki took his pain, self-doubt, and constant worry, and wondered if it would have any impact on how productive Stark could be that day at all.
"And what about Groot?" Quill didn't know why he was about to send the only two people away who wanted to sit with him now, it seemed, when just days ago he was so lonely he almost asked Yondu if he could come with for Yondu's poker night.
"Look, I like this. But I meant what I've said, and if we were to have sex, I don't want it to be just because you're emotional. And/or still hurt. I'm not the one-night-stand kind of a guy."
And hell, Maria must have been right, because Phil quite misses the rest of everyone's names (luckily it's not the end of the world, because it's on their uniform), when Rogers flashes a bright smile at him as a greeting.
"I don't care. I've had enough of his bullshit, and it's not like I'll ever have a chance to hit him again..."
"Then you're gonna love this even more, and we can always upgrade it as you see fit," he wouldn't have believed once he'd have to sell his creations to anyone. "I couldn't help but notice you drag your left side when you're tired and this prototype is lighter."
Steve is training the next gen of Avengers, so he was contacted by Prof X, so they could cooperate regarding the youngsters, and they'd become good friends!
"She'll be missing more than a protocol, I can personally guarantee that," Tony declared on a tone that didn't promise anything good.
“Don’t ever say that,” Steve’s expression quickly changed. “You’re intelligent, strong, and funny. Not to mention, incredibly hot.”
Steve was supposed to take the Serum, and - once it wouldn't affect his personality for the Serum to amplify - he was supposed to go through also a long and possibly painful series of treatments to also become an Alpha.
"You know I didn't accuse you of slacking, right?" Nat could only say when Tony finally stopped for just a second to catch his breath. "I was just curious what have you been up to lately, because we haven't seen much of you, that's all. No need to get all worked up."
"Yeah, right, but it's still too weird. And you might be okay with the Hulk taking over, but I'm not. I need... to go."
It wasn't exactly easy to earn back Mad Titan's trust after the New York fuckup, but Loki was an expert in dividing and conquering and didn't exactly feel sorry for the Black Order members who got caught in the cross-fight.
"When it's us, there's always something, isn't it?" Steve could only give him a small, bittersweet smile.
"Let me take a shower first," Barnes could have been irritated, it was hard to tell. But he did reappear smelling clean and with a mostly wet hairdo just minutes later, and followed Tony to the lab without any protests.
we get to that part," Bucky gave Steve a look, who seemed ready to make a comment that certainly wasn't kid-friendly nor worthy of Captain America, while Tony was only fake-grinning at them, taunting him. "Can I assume Friday fried your phone and watch, so we won't see daylight or food anytime soon?"
And he was also very silent on the way, but when Steve started to feel truly miserable about it, Tony just took his hand.
"Don't you dare to touch my daughter." He didn't mean to supply the last part of information out loud, but it was too late.
"Don't talk to him, sweetie, he's clearly a very confused man," Strange told Jade, pulling her back, and giving Stark a very dark look. "We're going home."
"I'm not straight either, Buck," Steve announced, as if just by saying that he could will it to be true.
Quill didn't. But then, it also meant that he went with the group to break out Rocket, and when Rocket seemed to be only so happy to see them, Quill relaxed as well, and all of them danced together the whole night as if nothing happened.
"Trying to get rid of your best friend as well, who likes you even if you're a maniac or boring? You tell me," Loki sat. And it wasn't just a command.
The next time they talked, Tony was more lucid, and according to Dr. Cho, he was on the road of recovery, albeit a long one.
" Quill didn't mean to almost yell this, now making even the teacher shush them, but he had enough, so he went on talking anyway, even if on a dropped voice. "And yes, that walkman might have been the only thing I cared about, but even if you gave me your phone and I'd take charity from an asshole, how long do you think I could hang on to a phone until Ronan saw me with it and it ended up in a toilet anyway?"
But, they didn't do that the last time and Steve wasn't about to let Tony fuck him in a freezing HYDRA facility in Siberia either, knowing pretty well that it would be just angry sex.
"I did not. Tiny is closer than you think," Thor quickly told him, fearing for his life, when Hulk started throwing the furniture at him. Which stopped abruptly.
"You know, if you truly wanted to be helpful, you could just open the door," Tony told Friday. "Or shut up."
"Would it matter if we told you you shouldn't?" Clint just lazily asks, just as always, when you think he didn't pay attention, but then sees right through you.
And, the most annoying thing was that Steve, a stranger who Tony met 5 minutes ago was way more understanding than any Alpha around Tony, ever. He offered everything Tony could want, but it was impossible for someone like him. Even if Steve believed he could rescue Tony, his higher-ups would never let that happen.
“But really, what would it take for you to directly answer any question I ask? Are you okay, Steve?”
He only orders some soda and some fries to keep himself from staring at Rogers who is devouring two menu's worth in just a matter of minutes, and just to make matters more impressive, he not only doesn't get any on his "civilian" clothes, but he doesn't stop beaming at Phil while doing it either.
Threatening Tony to blow up every time Tony got worked up just thinking about what happened or what would happen now. And he didn't have the green eye-thingie to restore the Tower if he destroyed it, not to mention, Pepper and Happy didn't have shields like the wizards to save them from the shockwave.
He did go straight home from the magician's temple, and hacked himself back into his workshop, updating Friday about what happened while actively avoiding everyone else for now, but it was little to no help.
Well, Loki had a good enough guess already, so he blasted Bucky out of his tent with quite a bit of magic. Only to find himself lingering in front of Bucky's tent in the middle of the night next.
Loki was about to show Thor how he wasn't just all talk, clawing one or possibly both his eyes out for this, but then Steve stood, and was leaving with him.
"There, now I'm going home," and Stark just took off the Eye, placing it Wong's hand, shook off Levi, and walked out on the door.
As if provoked, Steve found himself closing the distance between them one second, plastering Tony over his desk before he could register what he was doing, and his doubts made him stop, but Tony was tolerating his touch still, looking at him with a determined expression, licking his lips. Making Steve wonder how Bucky was probably right and Tony would never deny him anything if Steve made a move and meant it.
This way, he lived, but also... Upon hospitalization, when Doctor Strange examined Loki, he'd found the very much 1, existing 2, established and 3, strengthened the connection between Loki and Tony, and he asked Tony about it, assuming he knew about it.
"Just sit somewhere else!" Quill told him. "I'll be out of this school in weeks if not any day now, anyway, I'm not worth it."
"Except that's hardly true," Valkyrie appeared, accompanied by Heimdall. "The village could do just fine without your brooding face, your Majesty."
"The data shows that you have less pain, anxiety, and even slightly but measurably more productive at work after you've spent some time with either Miss Potts and Colonel Rhodes, sir," JARVIS had informed him.
"You have to help me. I mean somebody has to, and you're the smartest Avenger, right? So what do you say?"
"While you're still not funny, I've decided," Rocket declared. "I should do it, my lifespan is short anyway..."
It was unlike for a kitten to roll his eyes, so Loki couldn't, but he settled in Steve's lap instead, which basically meant he wanted to be petted instead of listening to Thor's bullshit any further.
But then Nat was gone, an alternative version of Thanos also showed up, and Steve got injuries in the fight so grave - even with Mjolnir - that he was almost sure he won't survive them.
And it worked even though both of them knew what the real intent was behind, because as Barnes pointed out, Loki enjoyed not knowing Bucky's dark secret just yet, and it's not like he couldn't take it from him any day later when he got bored of Bucky's tactics.
"No, no, no, NO!!! Friday, don't you dare do this, or I'll... she fucking did it. I must be dreaming. THIS IS my worst nightmare. I thought it was an alien invasion, but no, we've been there, piece of cake, really, but this!" Tony stared at the lifeless phone in his hands, trying his StarkWatch next, that didn't seem to respond to him either.
"If you wanted, we could watch porn together, instead of these movies," Steve stated as if that would ever work.
Only to wake up with Bruce trying to sneak out from under his arms in the morning, but waking Thor in the process.
"That I have no reason to stay," Thor corrected. "Way back when I offered to become your partner..."
As time passed though, everything was taken for granted, and there was less magic even in magic. And Loki also developed a sort of magical tolerance, his powers feeling different. He couldn't feel anything in his magical essence, and with his mind, he supposed all he should be feeling was used.
As it turned out, he didn’t have to though. He was shocked when Tony told him he wanted to keep the pups, thinking Tony wasn’t ready for such a big step so soon. But Tony told him that with Steve always on his side, he felt stronger, braver, and how he always wanted a family, just never thought he would be ever allowed to have a real one.
Pepper hired people as fast as she could, while Tony wrote an extremely complex algorithm that found everyone a relevant job, organized relocation, and provided training. Some posts couldn't be abandoned no matter what, and people wanted to have something to do (and also get paid), but those two didn't magically meet in the middle on their own.
"I already have a date, remember?" Quill winked at Rocket and was about to leave too, when Rocket got the tray from his hand, putting it on the table, then stepping closer to him than ever before.
"I'm not planning on sticking around that long," Bucky told him. "But take this as a warning. If you don't leave me alone, I won't just use such a weak artifact the next time."
And nobody there talked much, watching the screen, so it was almost like safe heaven to Quill. First, because Ronan didn't seem to know Quill was in that club, and second because the quiet kids at least didn't pick on him like everybody else.
"Or, has it not occurred to you, that maybe - just maybe - I don't want to have sex with you?" Loki was quick to jump on defense, hoping this would be discouraging enough.
"I'm referring to how you've said how the kiss between you and Mr. Barnes didn't mean anything. You've used a construct that indicates the exact opposite. And monitoring your heart rate, tone, pitch, and average sentence length, as well as body language for the last couple of months, establishing a baseline, there is little to no chance I'm mistaken."
"Just don't ask him to tell you any jokes," Rocket warned her about the very real danger. "Because then he'll never get tired of trying to get one right, and if not even the pregnancy hormones could change how lame he was, I doubt coming back from the dead he'd be any different..."
"My name is Doctor Stephen Strange, asshole," the wizard seemed annoyed, which would have made Loki smirk in response, but now he was too busy even for that. With the sudden unexpected child on the way and everything. "And I'm guessing you used a modified version of Kyriminirghthyz? Without considering the repercussions."
"I have something to show you," Tony tried to ignore how he happened to find Bucky in the gym, all sweaty and looking like a male model in form-fitting shorts and a plain white T.
"No I get that, but... let's just take your jacket off," Coulson suggests, holding out a hand for it. "After all, it's not your CV, so it's meant to be a little bit more casual."
"I'm already regretting this," Stark said. "But fine. He probably wants the Stone for himself, so we defeat the creepy alien first, and then I'll kill Loki."
“Um, no? This may come as a surprise, but I don’t usually run DNA tests on my partners, and don’t even ask them, because it’s pretty clear what I am, and they can tell me if they feel like I should know. But after years, you could have at least mentioned it...”
"Are you quite finished?" the Doc just gave him a look. "I meant that if you would have tried to do that yesterday, you would have figured how you can't even hold up a razor just right, so how are you planning on building anything?"
"What are you even talking about?" Steve seemed more confused than angry, and Tony was a bit surprised to learn that even the power couple of the Avengers could have problems like this, but he was much too happy to stay out of it. "The only woman I see almost every day is Nat, and she's only a friend."
"Alright, but just because you asked so nicely," Yondu almost gave him the keys, but then stopped him. "One thing though."
"So you'd like me to stay?" Thor only smiled, not rushing to save Stormbreaker from the claws of Rocket at all.
Steve had a somewhat sharp answer for that because whether Rocket was doing it on purpose, or not, he was using emotional manipulation now, and Steve wasn't raised to react well to that, but then Thor also appeared.
"I got it, thank you," Loki shut it down. "So I get milder and docile as I age, so what? Deal with it!"
That said, purchasing a phone proved to be one of his best ideas, a welcomed distraction when he got too locked up in his head.
"So what, it's not like I can go undercover, they know who I am," Phil says, even though he isn't exactly popular, and while a lot of people read the newspaper, not many can connect him to his name, and he's completely okay with that. "Or at least can guess, since I was here to interview you just yesterday."
"Don't. The coach will kill both of you if he hears his players got into a fight. And if he hurts you, I'll join too, and the coach will definitely hear it from someone."
In turn, though, Tony had some free time on his hands, when he wasn’t part of “hospitality”. He started creating small trinkets and building crude robots earlier than he could talk (although, given Howard Stark’s household management style, it was smarter to shut up most of the time).
So Loki hated Laufey and Odin, sure, but he hated himself the most. Why did he feel so betrayed and fucking angry? He was never a hothead. He didn't grow up to be cuddled, and if he had a chance, he'd chose not to be.
"Isn't he though? Maybe you can be only Bruce Banner the most charming, sweet, and clever guy because you have someone else to blame when you aren't."
“We’re going to do it together, - this time - remember?” Steve said. He was going to go with Tony anyway, that way he could also back Tony up. “But you also have to promise to be careful in return, that’s only fair.”
Steve thought he could never want Bucky any less and decided to not just tell him that, but show him how true it was.
"Not my words," Phil says, and it's true. His description would probably be worse in the sense that it would be even more over the top. "And if people think you're not genuine, while all the guys are jealous because they can never live up to the standards you dictate, now that can be a problem."
"I don't know what you're on about, but I-" Bucky was a good enough liar, but he still lingered, which once again, just proved Loki's theory about him right.
“Did Obadiah threaten you in some way? In some emergency cases, I have the jurisdiction to take you to the closest OSP facility, if he’s abusive or a threat to your mental or physical well-being. That means you’d never have to go back, not even until the investigation is concluded.”
Only, he didn't exactly guess how different would it become as the Heat worsened, and they couldn't do much else for three days straight. Steve thought he was prepared for it but wasn't really.
“And that’s not… even now that I know that you and he are connected in a grand way, all I can think about is how I want to…”
"Steve, we'll never get to have a free vacation like this again. We'll never have the time between both of our schedules, and you know it. So why not use this? Maybe we shouldn't stay for just
"If that's true, I hate you a little bit less," it was the closest Tony would get to a thank you, given everything.
"Nobody knows!" Thor pretended to be even offended by the idea just for fun. "Why do you even think anyone knows is beyond me..."
Staying relevant in an era that wasn't your own was like erosion. If you didn't do anything about it, you didn't take measures to avoid it every day, slowly it would wear down even mountains.
The only thing that seemed to work was if Quill went straight from class to class, only visited the toilet when Ronan was too preoccupied to notice, and got plenty of detentions.
And after just about 10 minutes, she realized that the Grandmaster would only transfer so much credit to her if she gave him a spectacular show. Which, to Loki's misfortune, meant that she suggested magically dueling Loki, and the Grandmaster was
If you knew the theory, but had a different body, how much power could you still muster? The answer was not that much. As Wong and Mordo told Strange when he first used the Eye, it wasn't just enough to know an incantation to use it. You had to have an inclination for magic, and Stark - while he wasn't a complete zero on the scale - didn't have what it took to be Sorcerer Supreme.
Or, it was the original idea, but when Steve and Thor went back to Asgard, Thor wasn't himself either. They were both almost killed by the guards if it wasn't for Steve panicking and then suddenly remembering Mjolnir.
“No, just drive on,” Steve said. Using it as an advantage that Steve wasn’t looking at him for just a second, Tony used the Alpha-spray on him and was pleasantly surprised that it worked.
"I remember you saying 5 minutes, about 20 minutes ago, so now it's your turn to shut up, Tony," Steve told him, while Bucky prepared himself for the second strike.
, the next time you steal my girlfriend, at least you could have the decency to wait a little bit longer after our breakup."
"Currently, you're in my quarters, and the others don't know. If you were to take a stroll in the Tower, however, I'm not sure I could protect you. After all, everyone else seems to be under the false impression that you're irrevocably evil, and I can't say I blame them. You've put a great deal of work into-"
"I... can't help but think about.... it occurred to me one time, that I'm in a unique position that nobody else is, not really, and now I can't stop wondering how it would feel."
"I've already talked with Peter, he would love to help and take a couple of pictures of the guys while playing..."
Thor finally got it. He was to fake-attack the string, but at first, he had to look around so that nobody but Hulk would see his humiliation when he tried.
Somehow Rocket turned out to be a good dancer, so not only did they pogo a bit, but soon they were having a dance-off while... not really competing. At least, the way Rocket looked at Quill was completely distracting.
Except, people seemed to overhear that conversation, and not only started bullying Rocket, but it got so bad that his parents were called in, and when his father was told the teacher feared it was because of Rocket's sexual orientation, Rocket wasn't only grounded, with not even Groot allowed to visit, but also didn't show up for school.
"It's something that may or may not help defeat Thanos, so I won't take no for an answer," Tony told him, and he was right, if it was Thanos related, Steven had to go.
"Thank you," Quill said, and this time, he wasn't even sarcastic, but he added. "Not for the phone, because I obviously can't keep that but... for standing up for me."
"My mistake," she shrugged, with a face that said she wasn't convinced. "I'd known him for a very long time, and I knew right away you were gay..."
And not to mention, he had to date this Schmidt person every other night, and while Tony didn't want to end up in one bed with Schmidt ever, the more time passed the more Tony overheard about Schmidt's operations, so he was more intimidated to admit he wasn't who Schmidt thought he was.
But when Loki got a tiny bit better and could stay away not passing out from his injuries, that's when Tony gave him a tray of food - only to pull it back when Loki would have reached for it.
To make matters worse, Steve, who rushed to them to make sure Tony was fine, had witnessed the exchange and added.
"I wouldn't even dream of wasting your precious time on my boring person any more than necessary by being in your company," Strange said, and it was Loki's turn to smile. He was sure nobody ever has sent him to Hel so openly while being so entertaining.
"I wasn't. I was only standing up for myself," Rocket just sneered. "And it won't happen again, so you better take the phone and be glad I don't just take it from you, you humongous idiot."
Also, even though he wouldn't admit it, it felt exceptional to be petted, and the Captain had a smile on his face while doing it, like a little black ball of fur was the cutest thing he'd ever seen, and Loki made a mental note that he could just as well use it later.
Phil might blush deeply then, thinking the Coach somehow noticed his improper behavior around Rogers, and Fury no doubt notices that, but he says something else.
