There was no emoji or other sentiment, but those six words gave Castiel all he needed to soar, contentedly finishing out his workday flying, smiling his way to his car, driving home with his window down a little, the wind ruffling his hair while he let the sun caress his skin.
“I didn’t quite understand what you were asking here, Novak is it?” he started without preamble, “ - or to be more accurate I don’t quite understand
The blush on Castiel’s face intensified, and his eyes cast down to study his hands where they now rested on the table, unable to look Dean in the eye. Dean snickered and reached for another doughnut, waving to catch Sam’s eye that they were all good.
Dean stared at Castiel’s mortified face, his shoulders unhunching and his scowl lifting as he worked his way through what Cas was telling him. As his brain caught up with Castiel’s speech and made it all the way to the end, a slow smile spread across his face and to Castiel’s surprise, Dean looked
“No? You had a terribly exhausting week and Sam said you didn’t sleep Thursday night. That you were in the shower for hours. I’m so sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to - “
to know that, more than I care about anyone else but Sam, but the physical stuff… I just need a hot minute to wrap my head around, uh,
This week, things finally get a little steamy. :-D  JK, it's *been* steamy, but I am warning you now that not breaking up these chapters makes next week short, but I think you'll appreciate why these needed to be together.
Well over an hour later when Castiel was finally sated enough to pull on his bathrobe and wander down to the kitchen to root around in the refrigerator for leftovers, his phone finally held messages from Dean. He read them while he waited for the microwave to beep, hauled his plate to the table.
Castiel headed home musing about the nature of attraction, and wondering how he could help Dean with his workload before he collapsed under it. He decided a pie might be just the thing, and took a detour to Trader Joe’s to collect the ingredients, texting Sam when he got there to ask if he had any particular dinner requests for their usual Friday dinner. The response came in only moments later.
Castiel stood at the foot of the bed, socks and sneakers in one hand, the other akimbo on his hip, his eyes soft as he finished the thought. “Trust me, Dean, it’s taking all the willpower I have not to keep pressing that lever like a rat, until we both perish of starvation, I suppose.” He smiled affectionately down at Dean, caressing a naked foot with the tip of his index finger, watching Dean’s entire body shudder and his pupils, tiny in the sunshine, twitch valiantly and then shrink again.
Castiel didn’t offer any instruction this time, nor did Dean need any, tilting his head back and opening his throat, moaning and rocking forward to meet Castiel’s thrusts as Castiel roughly took his pleasure, his body rippling with the effort. Dean’s entire body flushed with waves of heat as Castiel fucked his throat, Castiel’s hands moving to cradle the sides of Dean’s face and his groans guttural and increasingly feral as he watched Dean with hooded eyes, his attention flicking from Dean’s mouth to his eyes in rapid succession.
“I didn’t,” Dean soothed, “these are just things you didn’t need to buy since I’ve already got them laying around. An onion. Cream of tartar and flour for the pie crust. Okay?” Castiel nodded, mollified, and Dean looked around the kitchen as Castiel emptied his grocery bags and put the perishables in the refrigerator - milk and butter and cheese and bacon.
“I didn’t brush mine either, because I can still taste you and I infinitely prefer the taste of your cock to mint.”
“Hello, Dean. Is it too early to call - I mean, not the hour, the amount of time since we’ve seen each other -
Castiel sighed heavily, peering out the window at the flickering sign for the bar, while his stomach made another audible complaint.
Castiel examined his stomach, which was in pain from the workout, yes, but more immediately relevant to his current situation, just past the line of black hair that curled down from his navel to his groin, along the curve of his obliques where they curved down into his pubic hair, there was a faint but unmistakable trail of decidedly bite-shaped purple bruises.
They’d escaped Dad’s wrath and scored weekend food money with the successful lie, and when Dad had showed up to collect them on Tuesday morning he and Sammy had kept the new cell phone and Dean’s new job a secret with practiced ease. This new town Dad had dragged them to had a High School that he was supposed to be attending, same as Sammy, but more importantly, and more relevant to Dean’s current interests, barely two miles from here, it had a University.
By the time he took Dean’s index finger in his mouth and suckled it gently Dean’s entire body was alive with whispering nerve endings, all of his body hair on end, his cock half-hard with interest but no urgency, and Dean gasped as he felt the heat of Castiel’s mouth as if it were around his cock, even though Cas was innocently suckling only his finger. Dean’s eyes grew wide as Castiel smiled around his finger, swirling and undulating his tongue and smugly watching Dean’s cock twitch and jump as his nerve endings lied to his brain.
in this one, and Dean didn’t press him, the sorrow in his heart mostly feeling like guilt. Instead, he tugged at the thread, wincing against the unravelling he knew would follow, but still, somehow, couldn’t bring himself to believe.
I *thought* about cliffhanging after this one, and I want you to *appreciate* that I didn't. ;-) :-D
“Clean suit delivery!” the child yelled cheerfully, bright white teeth flashing a smile, bright eyes  barely visible under an unruly shock of dark curls. “Mamá found you a new one today Dean!”
Castiel let the tears come, no one could see him in his car doing sixty-five on the highway. He wept without a sound, tears running down his face, until his mind wandered again, and then he groaned instead, still so many miles from home.
After a pleasant lunch with Castiel, procrastinating the inevitable, Dean agonized for a good hour about what to say to the client. When he finally bit the bullet and called, he said only that his boss had requested they have another meeting to go over a few questions that had come up from the software team, and he made no mention of bringing backup. The client was eager to see him again - used those exact words, even, and Dean suppressed a shudder as he agreed to a lunch meeting the very next day, hanging up with a strong urge to go home and shower. He suppressed that too, typing only a formal date and time through the office intranet to Castiel, and texting him a single sentence on his personal phone so there wouldn’t be a paper trail.
Sam was washing his hands at the sink and Dean had stolen his spot on most of the couch. Dean tilted his head towards the fridge, asked Sam, “What’s today, Saturday? Who delivers tonight?”
“It’s fine Dean, don’t worry about it. I’ll clean it up later. Three to one odds not with my mouth.” Castiel grinned, shaking his head and flushing slightly as Dean gaped at him in disbelief he would say such a thing. Castiel glanced at the label of his beer bottle suspiciously as if it might be to blame. “I
“Hey, hey, it’s okay,” Dean murmured, reaching out to press his hand on Castiel’s wrist in a soothing gesture. Both men were immediately drawn to stare at his hand where it was touching Castiel’s wrist, crackling tension passing invisibly between them where Dean’s fingers gently rested on Castiel’s skin.
“Good, now hold it for seven - three, four, five, when I say go let it out your mouth slow for eight - Go, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, in through your nose now for four again - “
The surprised pleasure blooming on Castiel’s face was worth any sacrifice - not that Dean would have left him tonight without at least giving him a
Sam shook his head, “I think the cops were still skeptical but José and Felipe are smart kids and rolled with it a hundred percent. They hopped right in, whispered to us from the back seat how to get to their place which wasn’t even two blocks away. We basically had time to give them our names before we were rolling up into the parking lot with cops behind us. José and Felipe ran up to Big Man and Alejandro as fast as they could, threw their arms around Big Man, told him real loud that uncle Sam and uncle Dean were here for a visit and good thing we found them on our way because some big kids made them shoplift candy.”
Castiel grinned into the receiver. “Well, he said you were taking a long shower, and I extrapolated from there. I understand you’re in the same room with Sam so you can’t respond Dean, but despite having just spent well over an hour previously engaged in precisely the same activity, I was so aroused by the thought of you touching yourself and perhaps thinking of me I dropped my dinner and returned to my bedroom immediately.
Dean opened his eyes to stare up at Castiel’s face, his eyes red from weeping but the corners of them crinkling now, matching the soft curve on his lips. “I know exactly what you mean, Cas,” he whispered back.
Dean obeyed instantly, moaning without meaning to, and Castiel nodded his approval, growling and pulling almost all the way out to rock the tip of his cock over the end of Dean’s tongue, watching Dean’s jaw work to contain him. It was
“ - Nobody ever wins when the cops show up Cas,” Sam cut in, “that’s just the golden rule. The other kids scattered before the cops got out of their car but José and his brother Felipe were trapped - they were standing next to us. If they followed the other kids they’d get the beating - and it turned out lose their Mom’s grocery money for the week - and the cops had already seen them up close, so those boys took a chance on us. You should have seen Dean though, he’s
“Let’s hope for all our sakes it doesn’t get to that point. I imagine you would no longer earn a commission if I murdered the client.”
Castiel ate slowly, savoring, and ended the evening leaning back in companionable marveling with Dean, the two of them watching Sam eat as a spectator sport. Sam’s capacity to refill his plate until the food was gone and he was mournfully nosing around the empty bags easily outstripped both Castiel and Dean three to one on volume alone, speed and landing not even considered in the scoring.
“Go to any grocery store in California,” the man scoffed. “I’m not sending one of my ladies home with some pretty boy so he can try to impress some dumb blonde and kill my orchid with neglect!”
you Cas, you have not seen him work. Not yet.” Sam grinned proudly at Dean, who harrumphed but also sat up a little straighter under the praise, mollified.
hanging out with you, Cas. If you want my time you only gotta say the word.” He squeezed Castiel’s wrist once and removed his hand. Castiel watched Dean’s hand retreat across the table to his beer and his eyes now dared to make the trip up the bottle to Dean’s face.
Castiel turned, an apology on his lips but Dean's tongue was already in his mouth, his body crushing Castiel savagely against Baby, his erection pressing into Castiel's hip. Castiel groaned in desperation, reaching up to lace fingers through Dean's hair, sucking desperately on his tongue, running his hands down Dean's sides to cup his ass and pull him closer,
Castiel returned to his workstation to help tackle the giant pile of data entry freshly released to his team after the reveal of six new clients, vaguely cursing the downsizing of all the data entry people, but mostly intrigued by the puzzle of Dean Winchester, a much more complex riddle than he had surmised from dismissing that pretty head shot several hours before.
hugs, his face leaning down, his eyes slipping closed, to gently press his lips to the top of her head for what felt like an eternity as Dean’s timeline ground to a halt, his stomach lurching, his heart hammering in his ears, the sudden tightness in his chest stealing his breath as Anna leaned back in Castiel’s arms in slow motion and smiled up at him, her eyes shining in the soft light as he smiled back at her, the open affection on his face twisting the knife currently lodged in Dean’s stomach.
“Thank you Castiel,” she murmured, then she had a thought. “Do you need help with how to explain your PTSD to your new partner? I have several pamphlets with ways to start the conversation, or you could just give him the pamphlets to read?”
out of him, releasing his entire crescendo of delicious tension in wave after wave of exquisite pleasure as he howled into Castiel’s hand, covering his mouth and his nose, too, to muffle his sounds while Castiel swallowed and swallowed, rocking his throat back and forth over Dean’s pulsing cock, gently fucking him with one curved finger.
Castiel swallowed guiltily and finally managed to avert his eyes as Dean didn't bother to shut the bathroom door before pulling off his boxers and tossing those into the same laundry pile by the bed.
but April just a little bit more, and he sipped his beer and wondered about that, staring blankly at the television without paying any attention until he heard the water stop, only then focusing on the television screen enough to realize he was technically watching porn.
his train of thought derailed as the door opened, clanged shut, and Dean strode purposefully around the corner of the row of lockers, walking towards Castiel as Castiel reflexively sat up straighter, sinking to his knees on the springy gym flooring between Castiel’s knees. Dean pressed a condom and sample packet of lubricant into Castiel’s hand and bowed his head to Castiel, as if to receive a sacrament.
Castiel took a deep, calming breath, carefully composed himself. He started to apologize again, but the smug smile on Dean’s face gave him pause and he smiled back instead, confused.
Castiel turned to the table as Dean disappeared out the door.  Ash grinned at him and observed wryly “Hey Cas, nice of you to join us!”
“It’s okay,” Castiel soothed, smoothing the surprise from his face, which transitioned to chagrin as he apologized. “I came as fast as I could, I’m sorry I wasn’t here sooner - “
He smiled as the boy’s face flushed with pleasure, toweling himself off as he turned away to return to his locker and pull on dry clothes. He hadn’t even had to lie, quite, and it cost him nothing to ease the sting of being measured and found wanting.
“Dean, Matías is at work and Mrs Rodrìguez says the trap caught una rata grande and she’s standing on a chair screaming!”
Dean groaned in relief as Castiel finally admitted defeat, collapsing on his back beside Dean, an enormous grin on his face, his lips glowing much pinker than usual.
Dean smiled pleasantly. “Not at this time, Sir, but that feature is on our radar to be rolled out in the next iteration. I’ll check with my software team on a timeline for that and get back to you a little later in the week, alright?” He made an imaginary note on an imaginary notepad and Castiel beamed at him proudly.
“I enjoyed that so much I thought of nothing else for weeks afterwards, Dean, and I researched what else our bodies might be able to do together, although I admit I did not think you would like much of what I found. But it seemed that in some cases only the man underneath would be called ‘gay,’ so I had hoped you might not mind lying with me that way.”
Dean nodded. “He said they had a vacancy upstairs if we needed a place to stay, winked and said any cousins of José and Felipe - even gringo ones - were family. Luckiest break of our lives, really - you know, since we didn’t get ourselves murdered -  the place is cheap and I don’t think we’d have pulled it off without the help. Folks here really took us in.”
laid out like a wrapped gift, and he shook his head in frustration as Dean’s effect on his body did not go unnoticed, a
“Yes, I want you, Dean,” Castiel groaned, crossing to his dresser to pull on boxer briefs and a fresh tee shirt, “But I
The hour grew late and the party broke up. Castiel dreamily wished his friends goodnight as Anna threw her arms around him and hugged him tight. “You deserve to be happy, Cas,” she whispered in his ear. Castiel was puzzled, but he thanked her anyway, fired up his Old Lady, and drove home completely on autopilot, fondly watching Dean smile at him over and over in his mind’s eye.
“There’s like twenty channels of porn, Cas, and pay-per-view besides. Whatever you’re into.  I can wait in the bathroom, if you still need to… take care of that.”
“Can’t you just show me on yourself? I can copy what you do - wait, do you need to do anything special to get an erection first? I don’t know how I get them, it just happens -”
Several minutes went by before Dean sent any sort of reply indicating he’d seen the note, and Castiel started to worry he’d overreached before his phone buzzed again.
Castiel stood up, murmured “I'll be right back, please excuse me,” to Anna, and turned away as she smiled knowingly into her drink. He strode rapidly to the door, stumbled outside to make it around the side of the building to lean on Baby, one hand on her flank, parked beside his Old Lady Lincoln one slot closer to the door. The night was cool and that helped as he gulped air and tried desperately to get a handle on himself. He shut his eyes and tried to breathe slowly, only to hear footsteps coming his way, to open his eyes to see Dean behind him, reflected in Baby's window.
He did not expect to find Castiel kneeling behind him, brow furrowed in concern, one hand held out in apology like a benediction. Castiel’s white dress shirt was visibly damp from collar to belt and Dean unconsciously hugged himself tighter in confused embarrassment.
“It was my pleasure, Dean,” Castiel answered smoothly. “April showed me how, before she killed me of course.”
“Well,” he offered, smiling now, “You’re already apparently saving my life from my non-existent car maintenance skills...”
Castiel reached for a couple of the pillows piled behind them on the bed, shucking his borrowed underwear and propping himself up beside Dean, so close Dean could feel the heat of his body, his heart starting to pound as he tried to think of a way to articulate, “
“Yes,” Sam answered, but he relented at Dean’s unhappy scowl. “Don’t feel bad Dean, those empanadas are like crack and only a giant pile of tamales kills the urge. ”
“That kid is a lazy man’s lifesaver,” Dean added, “definitely worth his weight in quarters and he knows it.”  He grinned and looked at Cas hopefully, “Tamales? Maria is José and Felipe’s mom and she’s a fantastic cook. We try to order from her at least every other weekend and it’s been ages. She makes them at home,” he added, “if she hasn’t already sold out.” Dean sounded worried, now that the idea of tamales had caught his fancy, that he wouldn’t get to have any.
that for each other, hot on the heels of the lies he’d told tonight, his body betraying him as his chin dipped forward in a single nod, his eyelashes fluttering in anticipation, Castiel leaning forward now, hot breath whispering across Dean’s cock as he studied the end of it where Dean’s arousal was glistening.
We arrive, now, at the edge of a precipice. This chapter is one of the most beautiful things I have ever written. A love letter, if you will, to Jensen in motion. I am publishing it this week and waiting until next week for the leap off the cliff face, because I want you to feel the love I felt here, this moment of seismic shift, to hold your breath with me and feel how I felt. If you are reading this after the original publication date, please take a breath, shut your eyes for a heartbeat after this chapter,  and feel that moment at the top of the roller coaster rise climb where gravity hasn't caught you yet, and just for a second, you can fly.
to Cas, not that he would admit how good that felt or how much he wanted it but now Cas was slowly, inexorably pulling him down over his cock, the stretch
question, the one you are clearly too embarrassed to vocalize; I am a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent, Dean. I can kill you with a touch. I can heal your body from injury. I can bend
“You get used to it,” Dean soothed, smiling. “It’s worth it, I promise.  Okay, when it’s warm, wrap your hand around your dick, like this.”
"Th' food has done me wonders, thank you, Dean. I no longer feel faint, which 'm learning can be n'unfortunate side effect of the hunger pain. M'eyes were shut for part of the drive, but if you can point me in the right direction, can surely fin' my own way back -”
“I have been feeling pain for a while, yes, but I ignored it to give you pleasure. Is that not a normal part of intercourse?”
Dean looked surprised, his forehead crinkling, but he answered, “Sure, Cas,” without hesitation, and Castiel nodded gratefully.
Dean laughed out loud as he joined Castiel on the landing, slipping gracefully past Castiel into the kitchen as Castiel held the door open for him.
Castiel peered at his house number on his door. It was black on a white door, several inches tall, and he looked puzzled as he pulled the door open, waved them inside.
, and Sam appeared hopefully in the kitchen doorway, drooling, as Dean stepped away from his third software presentation since the mac and cheese had gone in the oven to take a look. He pulled the pie out but not the mac and cheese, and Sam’s face fell with a groan.
Castiel was floored. Here was part of the mystery that had been plaguing him for weeks laid bare just like that, but Dean’s confession, instead of feeling satisfying, felt distressing. Dean was intelligent and hardworking, surely capable of many kinds of work, why would he choose something so far outside his comfort zone to live
“Okay FIRST of all,” Castiel began, “Good alcohol is worth making sacrifices for.”  Dean nodded, grinning and taking another pull; he couldn’t argue that point.
This was apparently exactly the right thing to say. There were delighted whoops and Dean’s face broke into a radiant smile as he bounded over to accompany Castiel to his car, yelling “We’ll be right back!” They were up the crumbling steps and in and out of Dean’s place in under three minutes, Castiel now wearing gym shorts and a sleeveless jogging tee instead of jeans and the button-down he’d been wearing moments before.
“Alright,” Castiel soothed, springing to his feet and pulling on his suit jacket. “Breathe, Dean. I’ve got this, just let me take the lead, alright?”
Dean could feel it, Cas’s dick swelling against his in response to his kiss, and he broke the kiss to slide his hands over Castiel’s shoulders under his shirt, trailing soft lips over Castiel’s scratchy stubble to nibble an earlobe as he slipped the shirt from Castiel’s shoulders, his head dipping south to lap the flat of his tongue against Castiel’s rock hard little nipples, shrugging the shirt from Castiel’s body as Castiel mewled in surprise, pressing his chest so hard against Dean’s mouth he grazed teeth by accident, a fresh burst of that intoxicating flavor in Dean’s mouth as his saliva combined with the sheen of sweat suddenly coating Castiel’s chest, Castiel’s eyes wide with wonder when Dean stopped to look up and catch his eye.
Dean pulled off his goggles and wiped a couple spatters off them too, squatted on his haunches to replace his tools and the goggles in his toolbox.
Dean reached back through the mists of time to vaguely recall fumbling experiments in the dark, and he flushed furiously even thinking about it now.
Castiel stared at Dean’s fingers. “I’m sorry I lied,” he apologized softly. “I was upset when you left early even though I have no right to any claim on your time.” He studied Dean’s hand, his eyes downcast and his forehead creased in distress. “I didn't want you to know.”
Dean grinned. “Your number was easy to read Cas, the trees just make it hard to see them from the street, and some of the other houses were harder to read. Anyway,” he continued, setting a grocery bag of his own on the table next to Cas’s, “we know where you live now so we’re good.”
“I don’t know either,” Castiel admitted,  “but you must be doing something right because you’re selling this like the last Tickle Me Elmo on Christmas Eve.”
And yet… he remembered vividly the handful of times he had put his hand on Cas’s hand, or on his bare arm, how they both stared at the point of contact. Maybe it wasn’t just his imagination, feeling that electricity passing between them, maybe Cas felt it too. Cas never leaned into him when Dean crowded him in his kitchen, secretly reveling in the closeness, but there were times Dean could swear he could feel Cas wanting him to lean in.
“It means, when she gets big enough to be split into two plants, he has to give me half of her. Twice. These suckers can’t be grown from seed, Dean, only divided. It could be years, but I insist. That is my condition.”  Frank’s eyebrows rose in challenge as chagrin worked its way across Dean’s face.
have in his collection. “For washing fruit,” he had explained simply.  Dean dumped the noodles, rinsed them under cold water, carefully considering how to proceed. New friendships could be such careful dances of getting to know each other, but he just…
They rode in relative silence for several miles, the only sound the engine polishing her bag of stones, the vents rattling hot air, and the tapestry of traffic noise around them. At the the interstate cloverleaf traffic came to a standstill and Dean risked interrupting Castiel’s concentration.
Castiel’s back arched and his hand stopped moving except to grip himself tightly, Castiel’s little whimpering noises
Castiel’s fingers were twisting in slow motion, slowly separating at the outset of his thrusts and coming back together as he bottomed out at his knuckles, fucking Dean in languorous slow motion, and Dean found himself panting and gasping and trying to speak, only garbled half-syllables making it to the tip of his tongue.
Sam stared at Dean incredulously for several beats, Baby purring away as Dean stared out the windshield, his casual tone completely failing to hide his obvious jealousy from Sam for even a second. The only possible question was who he was more jealous of.
They stared at each other for a long moment, Castiel’s pupils somehow wide and dark again, until Castiel whispered “
Castiel watched Dean bend over the pool table, contentedly raking his eyes over Dean’s entire body, without trying not to objectify him even a little bit. He kept his face impassive of course, but he knew Dean could feel him. He could see the tiny shudder and the flush working itself across his cheeks and the tips of his ears; he knew what that meant now, and he suppressed his answering surge of desire, primal and fierce, shutting his eyes to breathe slowly and push it down to a simmer. He couldn’t get it any lower than that, even after several rounds of subtly doing breathing exercises, so he gave up and enjoyed the feeling instead, watching Dean line up shots and admiring his effortless grace, the way his body and by extension the pool cue and balls did exactly what he asked of them, the heavy spheres dropping into their pockets with satisfying clicks one after another, while Castiel daydreamed about what it would be like to be the one bending Dean over the pool table.
Dean smiled back, a wave of affection hitting him suddenly out of the blue, and he leaned down impulsively to catch Castiel’s smile in his mouth, bending Castiel practically in half but Cas didn’t seem to mind, pursing his lips to kiss back this time, unsure at first, and then enthusiastically, his ardor taking Dean by surprise.
Sam looked up from writing their ideas down and they shared a horrified look, shook their heads in unison.
“You may come right now, by your own hand, while I watch,” Castiel purred, “Or, you may relinquish your orgasm to me. If you give me your word you will delay your pleasure until I give you my permission to come, you may fuck my throat today, at a time and place of my choosing, sometime in the next twelve hours. Which will it be, Dean?”
“I’m all good, I’m going to regret that, I can already tell. Come on, we’re late, you’ll have to eat the rest at your desk.”
Castiel’s uncertainty gave Dean comfort he hadn’t realized he needed, and he flopped back down on his back and cradled the phone to his ear with a happy sigh.
“Where do they go?” Dean asked gently, dreading the answer, but Castiel smiled reassuringly. “Oh, just back to the store for someone with a bigger pond to take home. I foster a few at a time until they are big enough to live with the bigger koi. I leave a little note about their personalities when I bring them back so they find the right homes. Sometimes the new owners even let me visit to see how they like their new homes, which are always much nicer than this one.”
Castiel stared at her in confusion. “We agreed to hang out. Dean noticed I was upset when he left early last week, and even though it wasn’t his fault he apologized and promised not to leave early this week.”  He thought about it for a minute while Anna’s face registered surprise, then extreme interest. “Did you come up with a theory, Anna?” Castiel asked hopefully, “About last week? Why I felt… upset?”
“I wasn’t jacking off, Cas. I just… dunno. Missed you.” He fell short of being willing to admit that he’d pretended the water was Castiel’s arms around him, but Castiel’s eyes were soft, glowing back at him in the sun peeking through the bedroom curtains.
Dean gasped, Castiel’s words landing in his gut and pulsing there as heat, everything betraying him by twitching, and Castiel’s lip lifted in a snarl of success as he slooowly pulled his finger back far enough to add a second one, sliding both in to his knuckles, lubricant dripping down his hand and onto the sheets as Dean tried to breathe but found himself groaning instead, his lips struggling to form words.
”  he finally pleaded, and they laughed and fell silent, while he tried valiantly to remember all their questions.
The hair on Dean’s arms stood upright and ripples of gooseflesh raced around to the back of his neck with the realization. “Me,” he whispered softly. “He looks at me.”
Dean ducked between two hanging orchids and accidentally brushed against one of them, setting it slightly swinging. He reached up to try to steady her just as the proprietor appeared, grizzled and scowling, to scold, “Don’t touch her!”
“What are you two talking about without me?” he mock scolded, crossing to the coffee pot and pouring a cup into the clean mug that was clearly waiting for him, half and half and sugar beside it and a spoon upright in the mug.
Castiel locked the stall door and was kneeling beside him in an instant, hesitating only a fraction of a second before pressing the length of his chest against Dean’s back, wrapping his arms around him from behind, his shoulders under Dean’s armpits and his biceps caging Dean’s chest like horizontal iron bars, one above the other, immediately tightening like a vice until Dean’s rapid gasping sounded more like choking.
That one was harder. Dean mulled it over for a while. “Maybe he just rejected the family religion, doesn’t have to be about sex, Sam. Religions are complicated.”
Dean slammed Baby’s trunk shut over his duffel, stepping around to slip into her driver’s side seat, still searching for anything to say beyond, “Would you like some pie?”
This chapter is named after one of my favorite Vonnegut books because there's one line in it that gives me chills every time and it reminds me of the line in Cat's Cradle that always did the same.
They made it as far as the living room carpet this time, Dean’s head start as Castiel closed the garage door lost as he waited for Cas to unlock the front door, his headlong rush to the bedroom ending as Castiel’s arms circled him from behind and his teeth found the column of Dean’s neck. He didn’t bite hard enough to leave a mark, but Dean’s entire body went stiff anyway, gooseflesh racing up and down his spine and the hair on the back of his neck rippling upright as he moaned and leaned into Castiel’s embrace, his moan turning into a whimper as Castiel’s hand found its way inside his jeans and wrapped around his cock.
The girl looked at Castiel, who didn’t have the time to pretend he wasn’t watching so he did nothing. He kept his expression as neutral as he could, but he truly had no idea what his face was doing; this was outside the realm of his experience. She looked from Castiel to Dean and pouted fetchingly, disappointed. Dean bent down to whisper something that made her smile again, blushing a little, and she looked mollified as Dean squeezed her chastely with one arm, smiled a goodbye, and walked over to rejoin Castiel. Dean slid Castiel a beer and reclaimed his seat to a chorus of hoots and hollers.
Dean set his bottle down and stepped over to take a look. The milk and flour and onions were bubbling and creamy, definitely starting to thicken.  “Yep, looks good,” Dean approved. “You can stir in the cheese now, a little at a time, until it’s all melted. Should be ready juuuust about when the macaroni are al dente,” he explained, shoving a thumb into the easy-open perforations at the corner of the box of Muellers and pouring most of the elbows into the water. He stopped at some arbitrary point, his eyes narrowing at the size of the saucepan, and set the box down so he could grab the salt and give it a generous shake into the water. “I’ll be back,” he intoned as he stepped back to his pie, his Schwarzenegger not half bad, and Sam rolled his eyes and retreated to the living room.
“There will be more nights, Cas, I promise,” Dean said softly, his hand coming up to stroke Castiel’s cheek.
Dean as he watched him spill his pleasure over his fist and onto his stomach, gasping and shuddering, finally dipping a finger into the puddle in his navel, to lift it curiously to his lips, his eyes innocently lifting to Dean’s, half-lidded now, Castiel’s relieved satisfaction palpable, every last bit of his tension hammering a staccato shuffle ball change now, in Dean’s blood.
, and then his mind sparked a couple more synapses and the absolutely gorgeous, vivid dream he’d just had came flooding back to him, but if that was a dream, was he still asleep? Whose arms were around him
Dean crawled up Castiel’s body to kiss him and when Castiel grabbed the back of his head the exact same way he had just done to guide his pleasure Dean whimpered and melted, his body going limp and pliant as Castiel rolled him over, crawled on top of him, and tasted himself from Dean’s mouth, the taste of Dean still on his own lips. He fucked Dean’s mouth with his tongue the exact same way he had just done with his cock and Dean shuddered and moaned at the filthy heat of it, his spent cock twitching as he writhed and panted.
. I’ll plan enough time to take care of you afterwards if we do anything like that again, Dean. We can’t go to pool night like that again, Anna warned us - “
He ate his pie sitting at the kitchen table, Castiel’s attention caressing him, making his chest tight and his cheeks flush while Castiel’s eyes danced to see it. Castiel really did just watch, following the fork with his eyes and watching Dean’s lips as the fork went into his mouth, watching his lips as he chewed, until Dean couldn’t stand it anymore and handed him the fork, blushing furiously.
This is your two-week warning that you've caught up to where I am and I am going on a slight publishing hiatus to finish this book. I have most of it drafted but it's truly garbage at the moment and you simply cannot see it NO. NO. NOOOOES. :-D  I don't know how long I need but let's say no more than one month, maybe less. You get this week, next week is *I think* the most fire emojis I've ever stuffed into prose, and then I'll be working at it for a little bit. <3
“Like hunger, sex turns out to be a pressing human need I neither understood, nor anticipated how to meet. I was hoping tonight, Nora an' I - “
Dean sighed in relief as Cas’s searing hot cock, slick now, slipped between his thighs, and he instinctively pressing his thighs together to help. Cas groaned into his ear, his slickened hand snaking around to grip Dean’s cock, and Dean’s whole body went taut, his back arching into Castiel’s chest and his breath coming out as a low wail as Castiel‘s hand did a better job than Dean had even known was possible wringing pleasure from his body.
“I’m going to fuck your face now, Dean,” Castiel growled, his face as menacing as Dean had ever seen it, “and then I’m going to come down your throat. Do not forget to breathe.”
.”  The man crossed his arms and glared pointedly at the door. Dean’s mouth fell open in shock for a split second before he caught himself and tried one more time. This guy was a grade A dick, but Cas was worth it.
Short week this week, because I am frantically writing a missing chapter I need *really* soon for publication. Or, more accurately, frantically procrastinating it by writing delicious sex off the end AAAUGH. :-D
Late Monday morning Castiel looked up in surprise to see Dean at his cubicle door, today’s black suit and pale green silk tie over a crisp white dress shirt startlingly appealing in the way they brought out his eyes... which were flared white in panic, as were his nostrils. Castiel‘s face immediately went soothing, his hand reaching out reflexively for Dean’s arm, stopping in midair not even halfway through the journey there.
Castiel’s whisper was barely audible, the sibilant hiss on Sam’s name the only part that really carried, but he’d already grumped in the car and Dean had already extemporized a couple excuses Cas hadn’t bought and Dean turned his head just enough to speak. Castiel’s breath was on his ear now, which he wasn’t sure had ever happened before, but it was distracting, and sent an unexpected ripple of chills along his spine.
Dean rolled up on one hip, embarrassed, ripping at one of the foil packets he’d been clutching in his fist, while Castiel watched, fascinated.
“ - Gross! - “ Sam was grinning now, and Castiel barely flinched before grinning back, meeting Sam’s eyes to explain.
want you. I also need to feed myself and take care of my responsibilities,” he sighed, pulling on a different pair of jeans from his closet while Dean watched, his eyes half-lidded and glowing almost yellow like a cat’s in the bright sunbeams breaking through Castiel’s curtains.
“I trust you,” Dean breathed. “I am saying yes because I trust you, and I want you, and anything you are willing to give me in this fluorescent hell in the next fifty five minutes, I am greenlighting, okay?
Ash grinned at him around a mouthful of pizza and waggled his eyebrows at his plate, piled four slices high. Castiel cracked a smile despite himself. Ash was a character in a class all his own. Some kind of a prodigy, he was an MIT dropout but he was also a damn genius at writing code. He was a bit sloppy, but still a genius, and Castiel didn’t mind cleaning up after him and commenting his code for the bouts of brilliance Ash brought to the table. FindATable dot com had made a wise move not to have let Ash go, and Castiel had been relieved to see him still on the software team. Ash had also taken to the relaxed dress code with great relish, perhaps more relish than had been anticipated by management. His new mullet was a thing of beauty, for some measure of beauty.
“No? Hang on - “ Castiel clicked his interoffice correspondence software icon to read the message from Zachariah, addressed to both of them, to come see him in his office right this minute.
Castiel nodded. It had been months since the last time but he still got those occasionally, waking in cold terror sweats that drenched his sheets. “I still get those, Stephen,” he admitted softly, “but not as frequently as I used to.”
Castiel snorted, helping Dean to his feet. “Ahh, youthful vigor,” he sighed, and Dean smirked at him as he stood up.  Castiel laughed as Dean’s eyes practically crossed and he
The single raised eyebrow in the challenging glance that Castiel shot his way before returning his eyes to the road knocked Dean completely speechless. The warmth blowing in from the vents that had been welcome moments before was now somehow far too hot and Dean struggled to regain his composure as a flush crept up the back of his neck and made itself at home on the tips of his ears.
Castiel shrugged, turning away to retrieve black wool trousers that somehow never needed laundering.
“Nooo…” Dean’s flush worsened, and Castiel’s open pleasure at admiring it did not help. Dean remained silent, his hand slowly resuming its former motion, and Castiel quirked an eyebrow at him, watched the subsequent ripple of gooseflesh travel across Dean’s body with satisfaction.
Okay so I've made a command decision re my fanfic publishing, and it feels so right & gives me so much relief I know it's the right thing for me. I will publish the rest of this work weekly through 10/4/19. I am crafting a gorgeous stopping point there which will make a satisfying place to end book one.  "Book one," being well over a quarter of a million words, which is more like THREE books tbh; so let's all pat ourselves on the back for being this invested in something with such a grand SCOPE, huh? :-D
Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away from Castiel’s face, his pulse pounding throughout his entire body as he watched Castiel’s mouth form his next words.
“I think so, sir. But I didn’t know him before…” Dean trailed off helplessly, thinking about what Sam had said about Cas not believing in beauty anymore, and his eyes went misty for a second before he clamped it down, hard. “Every few weeks?” he whispered, agitated, and Frank nodded at him, eyes wide.
“Yeah.” Sam nodded. “He looks at you, Dean. Only you.” He shook his head and returned his attention to his laptop. “I thought you knew.”
“Oh Shit. Thanks, I didn’t even think about it” Dean groaned, dismayed. His face registered almost physical pain - although whether from Castiel’s reminder or his car there was no telling.
“Right back atcha, Cas. Listen, Sam’s about to get home, I need to clean myself up and make dinner -”
Castiel's steps receded back down the stairs and Dean sighed, slowly drifting back down. He hadn’t come that hard in forever. He had to find out where to buy that stuff, and hope it worked just as well in the shower. Dean wiped up with some tissues, wadded up the evidence in a ball and pulled off a sock to shove the wad into the sock, shove the sock in his duffel. He shoved the other one next to it for good measure, pulled up his boxers, grabbed his dopp kit, yesterday’s jeans, a clean tee and boxers, and padded down the hallway towards the bathroom to make himself presentable.
Castiel’s face lit up in a pleased smile, his hand crossing the distance between them to pet the flush rising on Dean’s cheeks.
was a language he was fluent in, one that didn't change substantially over time no matter how rusty he got. Alex had seen him watching Dean and said nothing, beyond this brazen blackmail of course. It was a fair cop, and well played to boot. Castiel shucked his tee without argument, balling it up to toss it onto the hood of his car, and quirked Alejandro an eyebrow that said, in no uncertain terms, “Like what you see?”
“I know how to do this, I think. I watched the men in the steam room do this for each other, and they seemed to enjoy it - “
with you now, so we should pool our strengths without keeping a running tally of the debt incurred when we help each other, is that correct?”
“Y’know, the one nine hundred number under the words should clue them in that it’s not in person. You’d think.”
Dean backpedaled a couple inches, laughing and protesting, arms up to shield his chest. “Unarmed, unarmed!” he hollered, and Castiel stood down, leaning against the table with his towel in his fist.
"Ooh, that's a really good idea." Sam's face went into study mode as he typed furiously into his laptop. He made several notes, then tore the sheet out and handed it to Dean. "Here are the numbers and addresses of the three nearest orchid nurseries, go make some calls. Or drive out and take a look, I
. The room was all a-titter with well wishes and questions about the lucky lady and Castiel accepted congratulations and smiles and refused all questions with a soft smile and a shake of his head. Finally, he held up his hands, smiling, and the hubbub died down enough for him to speak.
Dean’s eyebrows rose for a split second, but Sam wasn’t looking, and Dean’s face was smooth again in an instant.
He started at his Friday night run. Baby. Dean in the gay bar. He gave no context for his panic attack, just related the experience as it had happened, Anna’s eyes enormous, her sandwich forgotten. He described the argument in the car, the misunderstanding, the discovery that they wanted one another the whole time. Castiel smiled softly and stopped there, adding only that he and Dean had spent the weekend together and that they were now - he hesitated on the word monogamous, Dean had said that was private, but it was
, at least, I can take care of," Castiel murmured, two fingers to Dean's forehead and suddenly he wasn't sore anywhere, the loss of that fucked-out feeling kind of distressing, actually, but there was nothing to be done about it now so Dean managed a smile.
The nest was empty. Or, more accurately, the nest was abandoned and there were no vampires in it, but there were lots and lots and lots of cobwebs and quite a lot of bats sleeping on the ceiling, hanging in orderly rows.
Castiel didn’t say a word, just leaned back into the passenger seat and shut his eyes, his face vaguely melancholy, and Dean’s chest ached while his mind furiously worked up half a dozen different conversational gambits, only to reject them out of hand.
“Yes, yes it worked!” Dean interrupted, his sincerity palpable. “I appreciate it, seriously it’s okay. I was just surprised, that’s all. It was actually kinda nice, haven’t been hugged in... “  He trailed off to silence, cheeks flushing, only this time Castiel’s full attention on him made it worse.
Dean’s entire body rippled with gooseflesh and his back arched as the chills finished their journey, leaving him gasping with arousal. He cleared his throat to ask huskily, “What time is it?”
I am so in love with this chapter I wanted to publish it alone. It is, however, quite short, and we do need to move this story along, so instead I beg you for a favor. After you read the last line, sit with it for a moment before rushing headlong to the next.
Dean gulped, tried to speak but nothing came out. He cleared his throat, and voice trembling, managed to whisper, “
” Dean shuddered, sank into his chair and and clasped his hands tightly together so Castiel wouldn’t see them shake. “I’m sorry Cas, I’m being a giant pussy.”
“Of course this greenhouse is brighter because the new-fangled plastic siding is brand new, I keep having to cycle the varietals in and out of here if they get more sun than they want, but by and large I can’t complain…” The proprietor was almost muttering to himself now as he inspected a leaf on one of the orchids, trading his spray bottle and clippers out to manifest a bottle of hand sanitizer from somewhere on his person and squirting a little on his hands as he spoke. He offered some to Dean, who accepted solemnly, and they rubbed their hands in unison until the orchid man turned back to caress a leaf, frown at it, and snip it off with his clippers. He pocketed the leaf and the clippers, absently reapplying sanitizer as he led Dean to the back corner of this greenhouse.
Castiel shuddered and nodded, pleased, and warned, “Do not forget again, I need you to manage your own oxygen needs now while I fuck your gorgeous mouth, do you understand? I cannot relinquish control enough to climax if I’m worrying you will lose consciousness.”
Castiel grinned fondly as he slipped his phone back into his coat pocket, strolled back to produce for lettuce and tomatoes to carefully place next to the apples in his cart. He collected ground beef and taco seasoning and cheese and sour cream and a couple kinds of good beer. Loathe to limit his guests’ options, he added both soft flour wraps and the crispy kind of corn chips so the guys could have their preference.
“Yes, sir?”  Dean’s voice was a tiny bit scratchy. He realized as he spoke these were the first words he’d said during the entire meeting.
“That it did,” Castiel murmured, “and I suspect you wanted it to, or it wouldn’t have worked so well. Did you play me, Dean?”
experienced, Sam.” He waggled his eyebrows in Sam’s direction, still not looking in case Sam was naked, but he looked to Dean for help, his eyes urgent.
old enough to be your father in any polite version of society...”  Dean beamed at Castiel, his smile growing by degrees, until Castiel raised one eyebrow in challenge. Dean’s smile froze, his eyes growing wide instead, as Castiel continued sternly “And in any other circumstance where that title would be appropriate, it is nevertheless my understanding that you must
“Your… your throat please, Sir,” he stammered, wincing in anticipation of the epic blue balls this was gonna cost.
but in all the best ways, everything screaming that he'd had really spectacular, maybe athletic sex, definitely the one giving it up, which he hadn't done in a lifetime, his mind shying away from opening up those memories with practiced ease. He hadn’t missed it since then, that was for sure, but he felt…
meeting Friday at some new restaurant that just opened up. Sam’s gonna have to wait in the car during the meeting, but at least this meeting’s out your way instead of the opposite direction. Is that too late to hold you up for dinner?”
“Will you wait for me before you go downstairs, Dean?” Castiel asked quietly as Dean turned the water off and pulled the curtain open.
Surely some of those rich kids had guilty pleasures he could help them out with, and the higher pay would help with paying for his own minutes, for damn sure.
Castiel’s face lit up with hope, but when he excitedly asked the question, the slightly slurred question on his lips made Dean have to look away again, his stomach twisting around the bacon cheeseburger inside it.
Castiel did not try to say it was nothing, that they didn’t need to worry about it, to just please let him help. Instead he nodded his acceptance to Dean, acknowledging he understood the terms of the debt. He had gathered in the last few hours that Dean operated on an economy of favors, and in any case, a man like Dean would not be able to accept his help as charity, that much was clear.
Castiel nodded dejectedly, looking down to lift one foot to slip it into the boxers, stepping through, repeating with the other leg, before meeting Dean’s eyes again as he efficiently slid soft silk boxers over the heavy cock Dean had been trying not to stare at.
“I feel you kid, believe me.” He glanced at his watch and his wince mirrored Dean’s. “I have to run, Dean, my wife gets snippy if I’m late to dinner with the family. Come back two weeks from today, exactly two hours before delivery to Castiel’s garden, you hear me? I’ll stay open until five.”
There were general nods of agreement all around and then the conversation resumed where it had left off, a rousing argument over the merits of various game weaponry in a game Castiel was not familiar with. Anna leaned in close to Castiel and spoke for just his ears. “I’m glad you two worked it out. Looks like Dean chose you tonight.”
“Does this bother you? It’s okay, I watched the videos on the computer, I know how to get rid of this if you don’t like it -”
Dean stared after him in complete shock for several seconds, his heart pounding in his ears the only sound he could hear, before tentatively reaching down to close his hand around his cock again. He got to three and a half slow strokes this time before letting go in terror, his entire body burning with heat, his desperate desire
Castiel gripped his erection angrily through his briefs, his rage pushing Dean back a step, Dean shaking his head at himself, suddenly, to realize that the boner hadn’t.
“Not at all, I abhor everything about the culture of it, but my ex forced me to learn the language. You?”
Dean nodded, gulping. He took a deep breath and smoothed his features, squared his shoulders. Once again Castiel was astounded at the transformation. He studied Dean’s face as he straightened his own tie, but there was no hint of fear visible anywhere on Dean now, his shoulders at ease and his face pleasantly impassive, and Castiel smiled at him in approval as he squared his own shoulder and stepped out of his cubicle to lead the way to Zachariah’s office.
“Cas - “ Dean’s voice was thick and husky, and Castiel’s fingers paused their work wrapping his tie around his neck as he studied Dean’s face carefully.
For a moment time slowed, Dean kneeling on the floor staring up at Castiel’s face, Castiel staring into Dean’s eyes, his fingers still gently cradling the side of Dean’s face. Dean’s hand twitched but he did not reach for his cock, and Castiel’s eyes followed the motion to Dean’s hand, then his cock, then traveled back up to Dean’s face, and his lips curved into a dangerous smile.
- the desire he'd been holding back bursting free in a violent torrent, a rushing crescendo of carnal thirst and a burning need to take the control Dean was offering him, to make Dean beg some more, to see his eyes grow dark and his body tremble with pleasure or pain or both and to make him come over and over and over until he wept for mercy.  When Castiel groaned, his voice was a low snarl, and he did not recognize the sound of it as it fell from his own lips.
I am new to sharing *writing* though, and my experience with last week was that the more intimate and emotional the chapter, the *less* feedback I got, so from where I'm sitting the parts I poured the *most* of my humanity into and worked the *most diligently* on to get that chord of emotion just right felt like they got the highest ratio of crickets. Plus, I was traveling alone and extra needy and probably took it extra personally. So I half apologize & half double down: I am needy and petulant and my creation toiling speed is about 25 hours per 5k start to finish which huuuurts, so if I make you feel *anything* please pop by with a smiley or a keysmash or a sentence, *anything* to keep me from holing up with my beta and taking a long self-pity publishing hiatus.
, Cas. I’m not gonna - I’m not ready to let you do that to me, man, I’m sorry. I think I’ll just go ahead and have that gay panic right now.”
Please bear with me I know this is hours late.  I had a rough night; my empathy chip is on overload grieving something that is not my business for someone I care deeply for, in a parasocial one-sided relationship. Lordt help me. Lordt help us all. Hugs all around if you need them, we will get through this thing that is someone else's pain that should not affect me this deeply but still does. God bless fandom spaces for understanding, HUH?
, the footsteps coming towards the door only adding urgency and heat - he stopped moving his body so the bed wouldn’t creak but was unable to stop his hand’s rapid stroking - and then there was a quiet knock on the door and Castiel’s voice asking “Dean, are you awake?”
The question was suddenly very, very intriguing, and despite the guilt that had been gnawing him alive for taking Cas up on his offers to be a *really* great best friend lately in a pinch - or how had he put it, ‘
Castiel watched Dean glide up to the bar to order two more bottles of dark beer, but his stomach twisted unexpectedly to see the same girl as last week approach Dean, utterly gorgeous in street clothes - painted-on jeans, cowboy boots and a clinging blouse, her fingernails bright red this time. She smiled up at him and he smiled down at her in surprise as she leaned in to him, asked him a question. Castiel couldn’t look away, his chest inexplicably tight, but Dean shook his head at her gently, smiling, leaned down to speak in her ear, tilt his head towards the table where Cas was sitting. He was here with a friend.
Castiel’s smirk looked more like a dare than anything else, one eyebrow arched, and Dean dropped the condom and switched packets, the nerves fluttering in his stomach trying to deflate his boner no contest to the enticing heat rolling off Castiel’s body as he slid a lubed hand over his cock, the memory of that heat wrapped around his cock as lips insanely arousing despite the guilt, Castiel’s eyes fluttering shut as he knelt at Dean’s feet to ‘help him out’ an image he could not purge from his mind, yet somehow entirely forgotten now as he knelt between Castiel’s legs and lifted his calves over his shoulders, watching Castiel’s face intently as he positioned the head of his cock against Castiel’s hole.
, Dean,” he purred. “You have begged me for my mercy, and so you shall have it. That is all I needed to hear.”
to have caused you such pain. Please forgive me, and I promise I will do my best to never do that to you again.”
"Don't worry, we're going to Uncle Bobby's for Christmas, you've got a decent break and we promised." Sam looked relieved as Dean continued. "But... we should get Cas something. If he doesn't do Thanksgiving what are the chances he does Christmas?" Sam's mouth fell open in horror as he thought about it and Dean nodded in agreement. "Exactly. So let's get him something."
Dean was riveted, barely able to tear his eyes away, but he finally managed to look at Frank curiously. “These don’t come in black?  This isn’t purple?”
Castiel growled low in his throat, Dean’s eyes widening to hear it, and then he moved the arm holding Dean’s hips motionless up, across his chest, to press his hand firmly over Dean’s mouth. Dean’s eyes flared in anticipation as Castiel gave him an “are-you-ready?” look. Dean nodded, and then Castiel took a breath and
Dean could practically hear Castiel’s exasperated eyeroll, and he snickered as quietly as humanly possible, still watching the mouth of the cave, which looked extra dark and foreboding what with the late afternoon sun just dipping behind a bank of clouds.
No words had passed between them in what felt like hours, just moans and rasping breaths, and as Dean almost crested for the dozenth time only to have Cas expertly derail his momentum, his frustration finally welled over and ran down his cheeks and he found himself sobbing for real.
Dean leapt to his feet and smoothed his features, crossed to the refrigerator and had two beers open in his hand by the time the
assure you your lady would have a wonderful, caring home. My friend Castiel has - I can’t say for sure - but he’s got to have at least a hundred orchids, and I wanted to get him something special for Christmas. Something rare maybe, that he doesn’t already have…” Dean trailed off, confused, as the proprietor’s entire demeanor changed, his arms uncrossing and his face eager.
“Thank you,” Castiel muttered, pulling them on without meeting Dean’s eyes. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know. The men at the Y display theirs without shame, some of them even copulating with one another in the steam room or the showers.”
“Yes, it was,” Castiel agreed, his lips curving up gently as he paused to study Dean’s face. “Thank you for the experience, I will savor it as one of my favorite memories. I know you said you don’t want to talk about things like this afterwards, so I won’t, but this meant a great deal to me. Thank you again.”
Castiel ran a hand through his unruly dark hair, smoothed his features into less of a scowl. “You got it boss.”
Please take a moment to add those to your headcanon at your earliest convenience, if you haven't already.
Castiel relaxed as a pizza guy came in with a stack of pizza boxes and paper plates and napkins and arranged them on the conference table. Alright, that would do. He hadn’t been looking forward to the stretch until he got home at seven or eight tonight - after his forty mile commute from Mountain View, California, where FindATable dot com still huddled with a gaggle of other surviving dot coms, to his Lower Haight neighborhood in San Francisco - on an empty stomach.
“I got as much paperwork done tonight as I could Cas, so that I can get to the bar before I die of old age tomorrow. Sam told me you want to make us dinner on Friday and I’m hoping to get there before nine. I don’t think I can get us there any earlier, I’m so sorry. I have a fucking
He wandered into the kitchen to see what Castiel was up to, and found him splitting the scant contents of a steaming rectangular ceramic dish of beef between two plates. There were other, similar dishes on the table containing cheese and lettuce and tomato and sour cream and slightly browned guacamole in a pleasing grid and Dean poked one with his finger. It had a nice heft to it, and he nodded his approval as he sat down and Castiel handed him a plate.
“Dean is just floating very high in a state of euphoria right now,” Castiel explained, “mostly endorphins and the after-effects of adrenaline leaving his system, I expect.” Castiel looked down to pet Dean’s face softly and murmured fondly, “I need to hold him until he comes down.”
You get extra next week to make it up to you, & because next week's stuff comes in a rush and doesn't want to be broken up. <3
“Better,” Castiel growled, his face stern, but satisfied. He released Dean’s cock to tug Dean’s trousers and boxers roughly down, leaned over him to take just the tip of Dean’s cock in his mouth and suckle while Dean gasped in surprised pleasure, his eyes rolling back in his head. Dean tasted like the hand soap in the bathrooms smelled and Castiel grinned appreciatively that Dean had cleaned up for him after his solo activities, surged up Dean’s body to thrust his tongue into Dean’s mouth, taste himself on Dean’s lips and tongue. He plundered Dean’s mouth until Dean was whimpering, arching his back and trying to fuck harder into Castiel’s slow caresses, and then he unbuttoned Dean’s shirt slowly with one hand, peeled it open so he could lick his way down Dean’s chest, nibble on his nipples without breathing on them, bite the flesh of his stomach as he worked his way down Dean’s body, slipping the condom on his finger and ripping open the packet of lube without Dean noticing.
Dean’s eyes widened, helpless not to stare, and Castiel grinned smugly to himself, even though Dean had not been given permission to look down. When Dean’s eyes returned guiltily to Castiel’s face he was not in trouble, but Castiel was not smiling either, his expression fierce and expectant.  Dean didn’t dare speak, just stared at Castiel for a hint at what was expected of him, and Castiel obliged, raising an eyebrow and glancing meaningfully at his cock and back to Dean’s face.
The motel room was no big deal, the kind of roadside attraction time forgot, with every door to the street and faded fifties everything, but Castiel was charmed beyond measure. He turned in a slow circle in unmitigated delight, his eyes wide like Dean had invited him into a suite at the Hilton, and Dean felt an inexplicable mixture of guilt and pleasure, waving at Cas to make himself at home as he dropped the gas station pie and six pack on the chipped formica table and heaved his duffel off his shoulder.
Castiel smiled shyly as the room erupted into cheers, several of the other soldiers leaping up to clap him on the back, physical contact that had never happened before but he didn’t mind this time. Miss Kittredge’s smile was completely sincere as she congratulated him and reached out to touch his shoulder - not the protocol, but a sweet human moment that Castiel accepted with gratitude and a huge smile that reached every corner of his eyes.
Castiel watched, fascinated, as a tall, broad-shouldered teenager strode through the door, heavy backpack slung over one shoulder. He was strikingly attractive, athletic, shaggy hair framing a face that Castiel had to stop himself gawking at before he was rude. The young man couldn't be twenty yet and Castiel looked immediately to Dean to try to surmise the nature of their relationship. Dean, who was handing the teen an opened beer. Dean, whose face was smooth and unconcerned, but the young man accepted the beer and asked immediately “That bad, huh?”
Dean stared at Castiel, the flush in his cheeks still there but defensiveness at being called out now adding a scowl to his features and an angry hunch to his shoulders.
Dean hadn’t thought of that, and his stomach sank. He didn’t want anyone else to go with him, he realized suddenly, he wanted Castiel there. He wanted Castiel at his side, that white hot fury between him and the fucking handsy client. Dean’s carefully impassive face waited to hear what Castiel would say next with quiet dread pooling in his stomach.
Sam laughed. “That’s a first for sure, Uncle Bobby never had anything but forty ouncers and liquor bottles, and liquor bottles are weird shapes.”
Dean groaned, shaking his head and trying to sit up.  “I’ve had to piss for an hour, but something came up.”
But… what if he did? Dean felt a frisson of electricity ripple through him at the possibility, and grabbed at the underlying feeling as it surfaced and tried to dive back under his subconscious, turned it over in his mind. He threw up some interrogation lights and tied it to a chair, wriggling, as it threw its tiny hands over its face, refused to cooperate. He stared at it, the oncoming lights on the highway becoming part of his internal monologue, the
Dean slammed his car door shut with a little more force than he meant to, and he blew out a frustrated breath and sucked in another, waiting to find out if Cas would do as he’d asked voluntarily, or if he was going to have to drag his ass inside.
“First, you will give me your word she will go directly to Castiel’s garden, the exact day you pick her up. I need to know you will drive her from here to his house, without stopping anywhere, with your windows rolled up and no air conditioning.”
Folks settled down with their bounty.  Castiel selected a couple slices of pepperoni pizza and stacked them on several thicknesses of paper plates. He grabbed a wad of napkins and made his way over to sit between Anna and Ash in the last row. Let the salesforce take front and center; Castiel preferred to observe quietly.
“Noooo, Cas, you were kinda calling the shots, or I would have... offered to take care of you sooner.  When you’re calling the shots you, uh, kinda get to take what you want, when you want it.  I mean, y’know, within the established boundaries of the rel - the, uh,” Dean faltered, no easy noun presenting itself. “The scene,” he tried, his nose wrinkling slightly, but he’d lost Castiel at “take what you want,” Castiel’s eyes huge and dark with interest.
Dean snapped back to the present, looked up at Castiel’s crinkled forehead from his slumped position sitting on his heels.
Dean closed his eyes and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s thumb, and Castiel shuddered again, whispered “
Castiel glared at the email subject line “Please Welcome our New Hire.”  In this economy they were hiring someone new? After how hard he had to fight to get his old job back at a pay cut
Sam laughed. “I’m not offended, Cas, he can’t think about anything else right now either. I’ll have him call you whenever he fiiinally gets out of there.”
Castiel smiled back, a fleeting shy quirk of his lips that still managed to reach his eyes, before returning his attention to stirring cheese into milk and flour. He was quiet while Dean poked holes in his crust, stepped back smoothly as Dean pulled the oven open in front of him to pop his pie on the top rack. When Dean pulled a clean fork out of the silverware drawer to break up the macaroni that were already forming a solid mass, stabbing at them playfully as if the fork were a sword, Castiel asked his question.
Past the divider were two motel style double beds, each barely large enough to contain an adult, which caught Castiel’s speculative attention. Two? If Dean was this obviously looking to live on the cheap, wouldn’t it have been cheaper to rent a single? Or had he been cheating on someone with Anna?
Dean held Castiel’s gaze without flinching, watching the worry lines around Castiel's eyes change into something else as his pupils flared again, his lips parting this time. As Castiel’s eyes dropped to Dean’s mouth, Dean licked his lips, and slowly, carefully, enunciating every syllable, his voice a low growl, he murmured, “
“How did you get them to stop?” Stephen’s voice was desperate, the dark circles under his eyes especially pronounced today.
“Well,” Castiel answered eagerly, “these are Cymbidiums of course, and I have Masdevallias on the west side of the garden but just a couple because they’re greedy little space hogs, and Sylvia over here is a Vanda” - he pointed to a beautiful white spray of flowers growing out of a wooden basket hanging from the underside of the deck, waved his hand at the collection of others there to continue but his face grew gentle at Dean’s completely blank expression. “Orchids,” he explained quietly, smiling softly. “They’re orchids, Dean.”
Castiel snorted, releasing one of Dean’s wrists to trail a finger down the extremely appealing lines of his stomach, following the arrow of his obliques south, tickling lower, his fingertip trailing a slick trail of lubricant as he leaned down to nip at Dean’s lips, his fingers questing. Dean yelped in surprise as Castiel’s fingers got really personal, warm and slick and teasing his entrance, and he forgot to kiss back, his mouth hanging slack, Castiel licking at his lips until Dean moaned a question.
Dean waved at the fire again, and Castiel nodded, stepping forward to catalyze the fire with a whisper of grace, incinerating the pile to ash and putting it out in the same moment, before turning back to where Dean had just been standing.
Dean shook his head at the two of them goodnaturedly. “Yeah, yeah, yuck it up, jackasses.” He grinned at Castiel. “Got a clean garbage bag, Cas? I don’t wanna set this down on the carpet, just in case...”  Castiel jumped to get him one, spread it out on the floor next to the door, and watched as Dean set her down, flipped her open, and had the door latch disassembled in under a minute, peering inside by the beam of an industrial sized maglite and poking and prodding with a screwdriver.
Castiel looked around at the curious faces of the people he spent every Monday evening with, most of them for the last twelve months now, and then back up at his counselor, and realized this might be something the counselor at the very least needed to know. A life change that he intended to make permanent, for as long as Dean would have him.
Dean lifted his head, his eyes glazed, that intoxicating flavor a perfume now, too, he was breathing it in from the air around him.
Castiel nodded, startling Dean beyond words when his hand reached out obediently to break cardinal rule number two, wrapping around
Alejandro had been watching Castiel the whole time, and he caught his eye now, winked, and cried out loudly: “I think Cast-ee-yell should show us what he’s got, right guys? Only fair if he’s going to distract our star Gringo Muy Guapo!”
Zachariah and Dean both gaped at Castiel in surprise. Despite his tenuous grasp of the industry from his recent self-guided crash course, even Dean understood that this was an almost unheard of eternity, given the rapid turnover rates and aggressively enticing headhunters poaching star employees left and right in the valley. Downturn or not, from the look on Zachariah’s face, Castiel could indeed work anywhere he liked at a moment’s notice. Dean recovered first, composing his face as Zachariah asked his next question in a far more respectful, slightly incredulous tone.
Castiel shuddered, wincing as nerve endings pulsed in echoes of remembered pleasure, reminding him in no uncertain terms he was still
"There. Happy?" Sam rolled his eyes and Dean grinned. "Now seriously, what should we get Cas for Christmas?"
Sam quietly extended a fist, and Dean bumped it with his own, smiling softly. Dean pushed in the cassette that was sticking halfway out of the player, and they rode the rest of the way home to Zeppelin blaring out of Baby’s warm, ancient speakers.
“Alright, tell you what, I’ll split the ‘Kiwi Baron’ with you; half price and we can both sign the card, how about that?”
Castiel looked surprised, then some combination of hopeful and shy, the emotions traveling across his face in real time while Dean smiled at him encouragingly.
Dean didn’t call until almost eleven. He sounded hoarse, and exhausted, but he sighed in pleasure to hear Castiel say, “Hello, Dean.”
Dean didn’t call him until after ten, exhausted beyond measure, and Castiel had already gone for a run and watered his garden and eaten dinner and masturbated until it hurt by then, so he took the phone into his garden to sit on the bench under the twinkling fairy lights so Dean could hear the fountain and say goodnight to the poets, too.
Castiel relented; he didn’t mean to be a tease, exactly, and that boy yearning to meet his approval had certainly been him twenty years ago. Rejection always hurt, but he could soften the blow. He smiled kindly as he shook his head gently no, stepped towards the boy as his hopeful face fell to lean down and murmur quietly in his ear.
“You’re not gonna scare me off that easy, Cas. Call this anything you want. I’m in, both feet. I don’t care who knows or doesn’t, okay? On your own time.”
Cas, I brought my toolbox and the new hose for your Old Lady, shouldn’t be but five minutes to swap it out. Do you want me to take a look at that door handle too?”
You guys are catching up to the parts of this story I have what we still call 'written down' on what we still call 'paper'. I never planned out ahead to release these first couple weeks (character weeks in story time) of egregious amounts of sex over such a spread out amount of real life time but here we are. :-D  At this time we're good through August and the first week of September and then I may need to go biweekly. I'm toying with the notion of saving updates for when Supernatural is on hiatus. Publishing when it's live has had some difficult stretches for yours truly bc no one gives a shit about a fic when canon has just done something awful. ANYHOO, be forewarned, there is way more story but a lot of it is still in my head and I will need time to rattle it out of there. :-D
“Yes, Sam, you certainly would be,” Castiel agreed, nodding solemnly, but offering no further information.
Castiel turned to look at Dean’s face, his eyes searching for something, fingers drumming on the steering wheel again, but now they were just... nervous. “It seems to have worked, yes? Again, I apologize for -”
Castiel glanced up from his desk as Zachariah’s office door opened and Dean stood briefly silhouetted in the doorway, face completely blank, posture erect. Dean nodded politely towards the inside of the room and carefully closed the door behind him. For a single unguarded moment his body sagged and his face betrayed such anguish Castiel’s stomach felt like he’d been kicked, then the blank mask returned and Dean strode towards the cubicles, turned, and disappeared down the hall towards the men’s room.
Dean hung the suits with the others on the makeshift suit rack, and crossed the room to rummage under the tiny kitchen sink, triumphantly pulling out a plastic shopping bag. He stuffed the clothes he’d left hanging over the kitchen chair into the shopping bag and reached for his wallet where he’d dumped it on the table.
‘Whole Lotta Love’ was still in the first verse.  Dean’s fingertips tapped along on the steering wheel as he turned onto the highway and gave Baby her head, back towards that Roadhouse he’d seen a few miles out of town.
“That was a series of happy accidents,” Dean explained. “We were looking for somewhere cheap and driving around looking for vacancy signs like idiots - ”
Dean self-consciously unhooked his belt and slid his zipper down under Castiel’s rapt attention, his heart jackhammering in his throat. He shimmied his jeans and boxers down to mid-thigh, keeping them at least
Castiel studied Dean Winchester carefully as he charmed his way around the room, glad-handing and greeting new coworkers with that easy smile that reached all the way to his eyes. Castiel could see that the picture hadn’t done him justice, and further, that no still image ever would. He was beautiful in the photograph, but it hadn’t been able to capture the grace with which his features moved, or the charisma that radiated from his warm smile; the ripples he left in his wake. People would fall over themselves to do anything to please a man like that, Castiel mused, carefully keeping his face neutral.  No wonder he was in sales. He had probably never wanted for anything in his life and cared for other people only as far as what they could do for him. Castiel knew the type well.
“Absolutely, sir.” Dean kept his relief entirely contained, but he knew Castiel could feel it by the way his eyes sparkled in his completely impassive face.
“Gonna find you an FBI shirt or two, Cas, but you’re on your own for pants, okay? Unless you can hem them by hand?”
"Aren't we doing Christmas with Uncle Bobby?" Sam sounded worried and Dean was quick to reassure him.
He chanced a glance at Sam, tendrils of fear Sam might disapprove, or worse, be disappointed in him suddenly curling around his heart, but Sam’s gaze was steady, his smile soft and fond. Dean’s shoulders unconsciously relaxed, and he looked back at the road, a quiet smile playing around his lips.  They rode the rest of the way in companionable silence, Dean’s mind finally at ease, his heart so full it felt like only the tight cage of his ribs was keeping it from bursting all over Baby's gently glowing dash.
“You. I kinda hope he tries something now, just to see you maul his corpse.” Dean grinned, and Castiel snorted.
“Agreed. Being apart from you is excruciating. I’m hoping when your workload eases we can add a midweek - “
Castiel’s face registered overwhelming relief, and he handed Dean a serving spoon for the taco fixings. “
“I should have controlled myself, Dean. I put you in harm’s way with my indiscretion and I’m sorry.”
“Don't misunderstand Dean, I am keenly interested in what Zachariah had to say to you today,” Castiel answered gently, “I just wasn't going to pry unless you offered. Did I correctly hear you say you are quitting?”
Dean barely noticed Castiel’s hand leaving the back of his head to trail down his back, too preoccupied sucking on Castiel’s tongue, nor Castiel adjusting something between them, his hand on Dean’s shoulder pulling gently down, but then Dean sure as shit noticed
Castiel made a sound halfway between a groan and a sob this time, and leaned away from Dean for a second, half of Dean’s body suddenly bereft, to reach for the nightstand. Dean heard a bottle cap and snickered at the obscene squirting noise that followed. He tossed the covers off with his free arm and tried to turn his head to see what Cas was doing, but Cas was holding him immobile, one arm tight around his chest. Dean had a moment of panic but he fought it down; Cas wouldn’t be so casual about taking him up the ass, he’d made that much clear.
what he was looking at when he watched Dean’s eyes and hands and mouth admire the shape and strength of his body, and
“That sounds nice,” Castiel nodded, his breath whispering over Dean’s ear again. “We haven’t had a social moment with just the two of us in quite some time.”
Dean couldn’t drop it, chewing on his lip and frowning his way through months’ worth of recollections and finally protesting  “But… but I’ve never seen Cas so much as glance at any guys at the bar or anywhere, I mean I’m always looking at the girls and Cas never looks at dudes!”
The breath Castiel blew out had a slight quaver to it, but Dean politely pretended not to notice, holding him tightly, his lips nibbling Castiel’s earlobe just a little until Castiel shuddered and pulled out of the embrace, turning to face Dean.
Castiel loaded his items onto the checkout conveyor belt humming to himself, and was startled to be winked at by the grinning cashier as he glanced at the selection of items.
Dean caressed her steering wheel, reaching forward to switch on the radio. There was a seventies station coming into this town, and -
“That came out wrong.” Castiel’s face went into extreme concentration mode and he chose his next words with obvious care.  “I enjoyed every moment of our time together on Thursday night and I wouldn’t change a thing, Dean - except of course, the location -  but also... not to have done it on a night where I had to be parted from you. It was painful to relinquish you, even to Sam’s care, and it hurt to sleep without you. I expect it was more difficult for you given the nature of our... interaction.”
“Come on, Dean,” Castiel sighed. “I ate a light breakfast and I am hungry enough to feel myself becoming irritable. You barely touched your dinner last night, you must be famished.”
“It’s easy to have great taste when you can afford it,” Dean observed wryly. “But, y’know,”  Dean offered saucily, batting his eyelashes theatrically, “feel free to buy me as many rounds as you like, Daddy Warbucks. ”
The cashier’s name tag read “Brandon,” and Castiel remembered now that he had been the flirtatious bag boy from their Thanksgiving shopping. He stared, nonplussed, while Brandon examined his items with a practiced eye, remarked, “You forgot salsa. And guacamole makings if you’re into that, and onions, although I approve forgetting the onions if your boyfriend is staying over.” Brandon shuddered at the thought of onion breath while Castiel got over his surprise to examine the ingredients with dismay.
Castiel sighed, grabbed a beer and his plate, wandered over to sit cross-legged on the floor of the living room where a couch would go. He flipped on the TV with the remote sitting on the coffee table and set his beer way over to the right on the coffee table so it didn’t block his view of the television.
rippling over him; tremors that shivered over Dean’s body. Castiel watched with intense satisfaction, and when the wave had passed, Dean’s arousal showing no signs of standing down, the flush high on his cheeks, Castiel nodded and reached for the bottle of lubricant he’d dropped in the bed. He handed it to Dean, who opened his hand to accept it with confusion furrowing his face, and Castiel pressed his thumb to Dean’s bottom lip, shuddering as Dean’s lips parted immediately to accept it.
Dean was smiling gently, and Castiel slowly smiled back, relieved. He was forgiven. Dean pointed at the clock and Castiel nodded. He smiled to himself as Dean swallowed the rest of his beer, made his goodbyes and promises of rematches, collected his cut from Mike at the bar, settled his tab. Dean left a generous amount for the frat boys, which he waved at them, pointing at the taps to general whoops before handing the cash back to Mike and striding swiftly out.
Dean nodded, baffled, and they parted ways. Castiel caught the last of the hot water and a bit of the cold, cursing quietly to himself, and brushed his teeth and tongue thoroughly but urgently, desperate to see Dean’s reaction. He rushed to the bedroom, found Dean obediently dressed and waiting, laying on his back on the stripped bed with his hands clasped behind his head and a cocky smirk on his face. Castiel’s relief that Dean had done as he asked was tinged with an inconvenient frisson of desire sending blood where he did not want it as his glance took in the tableau of his
After several eons Castiel lifted his mouth away from Dean's neck to admire his handiwork in the soft bedroom light, trailing the tip of his index finger over the bruises to erase his marks in slow, meandering caresses, while Dean gasped and moaned and collapsed on his back, nearly sobbing in desperation.
This little window into Dean's work is dedicated to StellaOO, who was excited to get to see it. Although I had intended to leave it to our imaginations, I had to agree I foreshadowed it enough to leave us wanting, so I added this and now I couldn't possibly live without it. :-) <3
“You know what? You’re awesome, Cas,” he declared. “But I am gonna pay you back for that. Dunno when, just... sometime when you least expect it.” He grinned at Castiel as he set the pot full of noodles back on the stove sans water, reaching to pour as much of Castiel’s roux as would fit into the stock pot full of noodles while Castiel stirred it in with a pair of takeout chopsticks; the longest implements they had been able to find in his kitchen.
“I didn’t, sir. My name is Dean Winchester.” Dean stared at the orchids in the corner. They were a fantastic riot of rich colors and patterns but his eye was drawn in particular to a dark purple one, the outer petals solid and almost black, the center petal mottled with even darker markings, and he stepped closer to her to marvel, his hands carefully at his sides, his eyes sparkling.
Dean’s paralysis abruptly came to an end and he surged onto the bed to close his teeth around Castiel’s nipple again, gently lapping at the nub trapped between his teeth, finally working up the balls to unwind the towel from around his waist and drop it, the searing heat of Castiel’s body drawing him inexorably closer until he was halfway wrapped around his friend, leaning on one elbow, increasingly bold fingers tracing the lines of Castiel’s chest and stomach, his cock pressing against Castiel’s hip, Castiel’s body arching against his mouth as he wrapped his lips around Cas’s nipple and just… suckled, sucking and licking and -
On Wednesday, Castiel couldn’t help himself from checking Dean’s office at lunch, but of course Dean was out. Castiel contented himself with liberating a piece of paper from the printer and writing “I miss you” in the center of it in his careful hand.  He didn’t sign it, but he
Dean’s eyes flared wider as he sucked in a startled breath, and Castiel grinned down at him, his eyes sparkling.
Castiel was shrugging out of the shirt already, absently sniffing it as he handed it back to Dean to murmur, “Doesn’t smell dirty. Smells nice. Like you,” bending down to step out of his briefs and head for the bathroom, Dean turning away with a small yelp of surprise, Castiel’s unintentional compliment burning in his chest, while the eyeful he’d just gotten tried to burn out his retinas.
Small talk descended over Castiel’s table, arguments over who had a worse customer service story to share for the week, the clink of ice in glasses, but Castiel was oblivious to it all, his entire attention on Dean. Dean was on
“ - of a nature that required him to trust me completely and to step some distance out of his comfort zone.”
“I know you do,” Castiel sighed, his brow still menacing, but the thunderstorm averted, at least for now. “I’ve seen your wiles in action.”
may have done to Cas, and how much unseemly satisfaction it gave him to hear Castiel spit her name out with revulsion like that.
Dean groaned in frustration, and he felt Castiel smile against his ear in response. Cas was definitely all the way hard now, his dick pressing insistently against the curve of Dean’s ass.
of it, his eyelids fluttering open just in time to see Castiel’s lips and tongue close around his nipple, the sound that escaped him surprising them both but Castiel didn’t lose a beat, still steadily pulling him down, teeth joining his tongue in worrying Dean’s flesh, and then Castiel’s cock hit home.
“I believe you,” Castiel retorted, begrudgingly taking a swig and wincing. It tasted like a squirrel had defecated in a birdbath located under a hops vine.
Dean shrugged noncommittally, his lips a flat line as he turned off the spray and stepped out of the shower, reaching for a towel.
“I HEARD THAT!” Cas hollered from inside the bathroom. Sam and Dean shared incredulous, delighted smiles, and Sam leaned in super close to whisper to Dean, “I really like him, Dean.”
Dean grinned at Castiel’s snort, a note of bashfulness creeping into his voice despite his best efforts.
Castiel looked around the circle of faces at these men with whom he had shared the most terrifying of his experiences, the most humiliating of his episodes of terror. No one here had batted an eye at any of those things. They all had similar stories to tell; no one here hadn’t spent time curled in terror, pissing themselves in fear. This was harder.
It felt weird, maybe too intimate a request, but Dean was already buttoning Castiel’s wrists, already reaching for the buttons at Castiel’s waist, before he could find a way to articulate maybe this was something friends didn’t do for each other, Castiel’s breath rasping over his lips in rapt attention hypnotic somehow, Castiel’s attention heavy on his hands as they rose towards his neck, buttoning each button in turn, until he discovered he was short a button, and Dean shook his head, smiling, rapidly reversing course to try again, unbuttoning his way down Castiel’s chest, Castiel’s eyes widening in surprise.
yet, Dean realized, he’d just been showing him what to do. Dean couldn’t keep his eyes on Castiel’s face with Castiel’s cock so far down his throat but he could watch his stomach flex and he could listen to him groan and that was maddeningly hot as Castiel fucked him hard and fast, pushing into his throat to thrust short rapid strokes shoved in deep, pulling out when Dean tapped for a breath, then shoving back in for a few more short strokes buried in Dean’s throat. Castiel rutted with intent, panting and grunting, his fingers twisting in Dean’s hair and his breath rasping as his pleasure mounted. He sounded like he was getting close, and Dean dared to run his hands up Castiel’s thighs, doing nothing at all to attempt to change his rhythm or run the show, just caressing him softly, feeling the muscles of his thighs flex as he worked and weeping with relief. It had been
Castiel actually sounded a little shy, and a little strained, and Dean remembered, suddenly, that he’d only come once, some eternity ago. His glance flashed guiltily to Castiel’s cock, and his guilt increased exponentially at Castiel’s state, high and dry, metaphorically speaking, but actually more high and leaking and alarmingly purple.
Zachariah was not in a good mood. They could see him barking into his phone through the window of his corner office as they approached, but he hung up and waved at them to come in with a brief grimace that could technically be called a smile, jotting several notes down on something as they stepped inside and stood at attention in front of his desk.
and much as he appreciated the kiss emoji, once he looked it up, he had heard nothing else all day. He sighed and tried to pay attention, just as his counselor asked him a question.
