so far he had seen the Central Park and spent his running there most of the time, then headed east; he’s seen lots of skyscrapers too, then south, to Rockefeller Center. He had rounded up somewhere again, seeing this museum called
“Steve,” he sighed at the incredulous request, “—you’ve got to understand, you’re in Manhattan,
“You don’t look like it.” Steve cocked his head.
He secretly looked at the other man, who was somehow content, feeling the breeze of the night. He looked peaceful, just sitting there, and Tony felt disgusted at himself because of different things. He’s been making the man bring his impulse buying as well.
that what the hell. As if sensing his thought, Steve looked up and snorted. “I bought this with my own money, Tony.”
to his vision—and hitting the center of his head so accurately, it made him lose his balance.
The other man’s eyes blinked, then he swallowed. “Yeah, Ferrero Rocher! You actually know the chocolate!”
Steve took it as an opportunity to explain that
“As you’ve said.” Steve nodded.
His newfound companion had basically said that he didn’t care about the money, that he didn’t really abide his flirty personality but will accept it if needed. He didn’t care about him blabbing about a lot, and only regarded him with something that he’s shown to love: chocolate.
“Mhm.”
“Touche,” Natasha smiled.
The genius gave the other man a playful shove, but Steve held on strongly. “Okay, that’s how you’re going to play it, Bulldozer.” He raised his hands and tried to escape Steve’s grip by a maneuver he was taught by Natalie, but then Steve just—countered it.
this wasn’t. This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. They were becoming sexually-charged, and god, Steve was getting into it too.
In one night, he learned to love; more than his friendship with Bucky, than his brotherhood with the Howling Commandos, that his affection towards Peggy, than his familial bond with his mother. This love, made him whole, in something that he might’ve lost, if he didn’t do something right.
his mind reminded again.
Tony’s eyes brightened. “Oh, Dum-E! That’s my—that’s my school fair project, when I was thirteen. I won a prize for that. He’s a robot. He’s dump and he tries but he’s not a great lab partner. He knocks a lot of things away. And sets the fire extinguisher too long after I’ve found a way to kill the fire. Honestly, I should program him with faster reaction times.”
“Can I have another kiss again?” Steve asked, tilting his head upwards. Tony squashed down the urge to giggle, because Tony Stark doesn’t giggle, even if Steve didn’t know.
It wasn’t like he dismisses that concept, rather it was so
Steve looked around, the red dissipating slowly. His accent, however, wasn’t fading yet. “So, what’s our next destination?”
“Am I?” Tony raised his eyebrows.
He looked around and swallowed.
He was suddenly afraid by what this meant, because this meant he was
Tony wasn’t kissing him gently, no-- this was a whole new level that Steve didn’t know how to maneuver. There was tongue and he felt weak against the smaller man’s hold. He was weak in the knees, powerless against the other man’s passionate kisses.
shit, he wanted to challenge world leaders to force them into green energy or something.
to see the man up so close, it took him a moment to speak.
his sentiments. “I think I understand. You just mean that you reserve these things for your fella.”
“I’ve been having a fun time and I’ve been a jerk for doing—doing that, to you, Steve. I see it now.” He slumped his shoulders. “Look, if there’s something you have to know about me, it’s that I flirt. A lot. Like it’s second to how I breathe and create, I flirt. That’s.” He helplessly gestured to everything. “That’s how Tony the Billionaire works.”
“I’m not condescending.” The blond looked genuinely alarmed; he almost felt bad, except the corner of his mouth lifted up, and yeah, no.
Tony grounded out. “That’s not—that’s not why I’m angry!”
Tony chuckled for a moment, startling Steve. “Sorry, sorry. That’s just a lot of faith in me, buddy. We’ve known each other for three or so hours? A lot of people don’t trust me, and I don’t trust them as well.”
“I did, yeah, I did.” Steve fiddled with Tony’s hair, and it was becoming one of his favorite things to feel, too. “But I still stand with what I said earlier. I… I wouldn’t have this night with you, if I have a time machine. So… thank you, Tony, for talking to me when I was staring at the clock.”
“But it wasn’t,” Steve pressed, stroking his sides as they swayed together. “It led us to here. I… despite everything that has happened to me, I wouldn’t give up this day for the world.”
“You know that I’m never letting you go now, right? It’s not just one night anymore, you’re going to be stuck with me now.” Tony joked, features lighting up. “Avengers and everything.”
It didn’t mean that it always reflected in his life, though.
He felt arms wrap around him, and for some reason, that
“But you cherish him, yeah?” Steve asked, and Tony looked at him with a certain look in his eyes.
After watching him go on for a full minute, he decided to ask. “What’s that, Tony?”
He fell in love with her, in an instant, when she talked with him in the car.
“I don’t know, Tony.” Something about Steve’s voice indicated that there was something deeper to that statement, but Tony knew he wasn’t going to share.
“Even you?” Tony raised an eyebrow, looking at him. Steve met his gaze for a moment, and for a second they stopped swaying, as Steve pondered to say what he could say. When he could, his voice was soft as the breeze, and Tony tried to listen harder, afraid that New York ‘magic’ would be swept off by the wind.
Tony stopped walking suddenly, making Steve bump onto him. “Tony-!” he spluttered. “Tony you shouldn’t do that oh my god I’ve been hitting you—“, and then Steve was checking him like a harried nurse. But Tony wasn’t responding—no.
He doesn’t want to let Tony’s memory go away.
When the elevators closed, Steve opened his mouth again, but Tony silenced him with a finger on his mouth.
“We’ll find each other, Steve Rogers.” He murmured, and he was
Steve was humoring him. “Yeah?”
Natasha had an indecipherable look on her eyes, but she had a knowing smile now, not a smirk, which comforted Steve a little. “I didn’t peg Captain America as a romantic, honestly. None of your files ever said that.”
God, the bright lights that he hated from up close, were beautiful from this view.
was stupid. Whatever you were doing in the terminal was not. So…?”
Steve looked up to the sky, and was startled that it was actually nearing night time. The sun was setting and has he really run for five hours?
“And. Well.” He looked up to the sky, mouth twitching between happy and sad tears. “I miss. I miss a lot. I. I just want to turn back time, and, turn back and go to the better times.”
“Uh,” he muttered, knowing that he was treading on unknown territory. “Ye-es. I presume you’re Tony Stark.”
“We’ll find a way.” Tony whispered, but it was a loud declaration in the quiet room. “Just like how we found ourselves together.”
“One day, we’ll meet again.” The genius continued, putting his hand over Steve’s chest, like a promise. He leaned into him, kissing his lips.
Tony was in love.
“Twenty-five, actually,” he mumbled. He’s old.
Tony went quiet after that, eyes looking shuttered, lost. Steve’s heart broke a little, because that wasn’t supposed to be a jab. “Hey, hey. That’s not what I meant. I just thought that after everything, we won’t be able to meet again. You’ve got your life as a billionaire green-technology chocolate connoisseur—“
It was only after a few minutes that Steve broke off the embrace, and he stopped himself from whining at the loss of contact.
in some kind of leather jacket.
“I don’t know what you’re implying, but now, who’s condescending?” Steve asked, but shrugged. “I… spaced out? I think. Also, aren’t you going to pay for that?”
Maybe it was for the good, because he had time to readjust, somehow? It wasn’t in Dr. Erksine’s reminder—“Not the perfect soldier, but a good man”—that somehow supersoldiers would be launched into more than half a century in the future.
“The breeze here is nice, though.” His companion observed, oblivious to his inner turmoil. “I’d like to just sleep to this. It feels amazing.”
to the guard in Macy’s, which wasn’t what he was supposed to do, because apparently his voice is
Tony snorted.
“Let me believe in magic, for once in my life. Let me believe in something that I’ve never had before.”
Steve flashed a smile.
be, when he kissed him.
“I thought I could go back,” he confessed. “—because I hate… no, I don’t. I just don’t… know where to stand anymore.”
“Just the good things.” Steve murmured. “And a little of other things in between. Alright, so… I actually despise cold environments that much—because in the past, as I grew up, I’d have the worst colds…”
Steve thought of different things, before settling on, “I went to art school once.”
Steve knew giving his name wasn’t supposed to be hard. He was going public in a few weeks, or so, maybe, if ever the “Avengers Initiative” meant for Nick Fury and SHIELD.
“I had a wonderful time with you, Tony Stark. This was the best night of my life.”
“Have heard that sometimes.” He nodded, reaching to him tentatively. “You’re not bruised? Hurt?”
doing it out of all people. He was pointedly not talking to him too. Was this their farce for a while? Do they pretend like they don’t know each other?
“Jesus
“Guess your muscles isn’t for show?” He commented, surprised.
He was in his SHIELD-assigned room, alone. He wasn't in a hotel, accidentally dozing off. He was-- alone.
Tony whispered in his head, nodding in delight,
He paused when he felt Tony’s hand intertwine in his.
“I love you too, Steve.”
street, wait shoot that won’t make sense—46
“Tony!” He choked in surprise. He could detect the hint of a promise, between the lines. “That’s not—“
But the bigger thing was the fact that Steve kept saying that there was a time for them to meet, somehow, that was out of this magical night.
One of the teens blinked and shrugged. “Yeah, man. You’re uh-- you’re at 46
“I found you,” Tony repeated, calmer, eyes clearer.
So he didn’t mean to just stare at nothing. He jolted when someone smaller than him—and oh god, the one with the particular beard trim that he
They talked about diverse things, ranging from Tony’s robots and his AI, to Steve’s experience in the army. About maybe they could meet in coffee shops and coffee runs, or maybe when Steve would exercise again and Tony would disguise himself like a hobo again. Maybe, when Tony was going for a gym and find Steve doing squats—(
He suddenly stood up, and he went over a woman, to the end of the room. Tony curiously looked over, wondering what his companion for the night was going to do.
Not that anyone would even care to barge in at this time, because from what he has learned, whenever he was in the gym, Nick Fury would clear the area because he was still a “state secret”. Which is new, because after being Captain America, he attracted too much attention sometimes.
Also, Steve had a great smile, so really, who’s losing.
that hurt.
Pepper or Rhodey will call. Or JARVIS, because he gets antsy when he doesn’t return or inform him of any place.
How couldn’t he think it’d reach this point?
Steve was the one to release the kiss, but not the embrace. “Did I just see sparks?” he sounded awed.
Steve nodded. “Yeah, I think I’ve been there.”
The feeling of being in love.
Steve pursed his lips. “It’s for action too.” He still said with the accent, and Tony filed it as an ‘embarrassed’ quirk the other man had. “Stop it. It wasn’t funny.”
“Yeah.”
he deserves anyone but Tony Stark.)
go well with chocolate.”
“I’ve got an idea.” The genius said, scrambling off of him. Steve frowned at the loss of contact, but he sat up to watch the other man tug on a bathrobe. “But we’ve got to plan this correctly.”
Which, he did
Steve hummed, already getting the difference between how Tony
“Appropriate?” Tony eased into a grin, and Steve was then reminded again of how they somehow always found a way to right themselves despite the situation at hand. How they could talk, or not, but still enjoy each other’s time. He took Steve into another kiss again, and released. “Sweetheart, I’ve already got your room furnished, and I’m not taking no for an answer.”
“Yeah. The one in Grand Central Terminal.” Tony reminded. “I owe a lot to that clock.”
Was he really denying it all night?
(one day he’ll check it out) and then turned again where he somehow ended up in Times Square (where the bright televisions were).
When Steve went quiet, Tony had another second of panic, thinking that he was revealing too much; and he
Meetings were
“Grand Central Station—sorry,
He had to remember those all, like the back of his hand.
And Steve was strangely quiet, but he had held on to his hand to whole time, after his request earlier.
Tony felt his heart squeeze funnily.
“So yes Steve, you’re not supposed to say sorry when it’s the other’s fault; I clearly did it very forward and you were uncomfortable, so I’m going to apologize for that. We should lay groundwork about this because I don’t know what boundaries are sometimes. So—“
Tony was quiet, gazing at the all-too familiar skyline of Manhattan.
at Tony; he was dressed impeccably to the nines, and he looked regal, every bit of
She met his gaze, and with a knowing smirk, gave a wink.
“You wanted to turn back time.” Tony finished, connecting the dots to their earlier conversation. It felt silly, earlier.
His hands shook, suddenly. “Steve, I just—realized, that I’m not someone who should be with you.” Steve was silent, which made him even more nervous, if it was possible. “Steve—I want, so much, but I can’t, because I’m me. I have.” His words were lost. “I have one night.”
She also somehow knew about his (from what he assumed was her perception) admiration and infatuation with Tony Stark. She hadn’t told Fury about anything though, so that was alright.
Tony huffed, lightly patting his chest in a mock punch. “No, I reserve that with certain types of people.”
“With secrets, yes.” Steve smiled, kissing the corners of his mouth before his lips.
“Jealous?” The brown-haired man scoffed, rolling his eyes.
“Sir,” JARVIS’s British tones implored as he lost grip on his hammer, “—I think it’s best if you would take rest. You have nothing planned for today, I’ve cleared your schedules…” A pause. “Miss Potts would like to remind you that on the twenty-seventh, you will have a meeting—“
Because that was the most beautiful thing someone had ever said to him in his whole life.
he thought,
“I was lost, Tony,” he barrelled on. His shoulders were hunching, but he was soldiering on. “I was lost, and you were there. You saw me and you talked to me, and god, you, with your chocolate brown eyes, and your funky beard that I grew to like; you, with your oversized coat and bottle of vodka. You and your Ferrero Roche. God, I want to tell you so bad about Pietro.”
There was a beat of silence, before Tony turned his head towards Steve, who was impishly grinning at him. He had a golden foil ball in his hand, and was about a foot away from the ledge.
Steve’s blond locks shone as the sun rose slowly, and then he could finally make out the man’s azure eyes, glossy, with tears. Tony opened his mouth to say something, something idiotic like
things will be pricey. Also, I am
“He’s swell.” He almost said immediately, making her raise her eyebrows. “I, hm. He’s really great, with his green technology and his arc reactor. He’s got the Maria Stark Foundation and—“, he stopped as he noticed Maria’s stare. ”—such.”
Steve’s eyes crinkled in genuine joy, and Tony found his lips stretching into a smile. “Yeah, Tony. Yes.”
“Yes,” she nodded, and she hasn’t removed her gaze from him. He felt uneasy, but stood his ground. “What’s your opinion on him?”
Steve was an introvert, and for some reason he was always attracted to extroverts with sharp tongues.
made the tour more nerve-wracking than it had any right to be.
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve murmured, and he gently looped his arm around the other man, careful not to mess his suit. “I didn’t think I…” he shook his head. “No, I would’ve definitely gone, if I could, but after the incident, they hadn’t let me out for these past two weeks, especially with the threat. I’ve been in the helicarrier for two weeks, Tony, you have to believe me.”
“I tried not to say anything, but I hope you,” they twirled around a finger at their general direction, “—do something about that.”
“Oh, goodie, I was debating on that our ‘my fella’.”
what Iron Man can do by himself) maybe they could work it out?
which was such a strong word.
“Hey,” he started awkwardly, before clearing his throat. “I’m not exactly…well-versed with New York yet, and I forgot my map and I need to know where I am. Can you tell me?” He shifted his feet, unsure what to do.
“Keep going,” Tony goaded, because he was like that. “Keep going—“
Steve’s lips on his, chaste, sweet, and electrifying,
Steve walked to where he was, and lost his breath. The skyline was
Tony Stark was anything but weak.  He was
you are such a drama queen.” His lips stretched into a smile. “She knows about
If SHIELD couldn’t find him anywhere, he knew that they’d comb the whole city to find him, and interrogate every person he’s encountered. Then Tony would be involved, and they’d separate them, because Tony wasn’t supposed to interact with Captain America.
Tony gave a softer smile, suddenly feeling a lot ligher for the past few months. “Just, thank you.”
“My name. Is Steve Rogers.” He breathed in deeply. “And you, Tony Stark, makes me want to face another day, and another, and another, every day.”
Steve spluttered. “I’m not talking with an accent you—Tony! Stop laughing!”
New York really was something at night, despite the hustle and bustle it achieved. In the past cars were a thing already, so he wasn’t surprised at the vehicles—however, the sheer amount of them being just
He looked at him straight in the eyes, and shook his head. “Ah—shit, Steve. No, I’m—I just realized something. I’m sorry I took it out on you, I swear I’m not really mad—“
but the man just shooed his thirty bucks and winked.
“Exercise relaxes you?” Tony raised his eyebrows, though anticipating it. “No wonder you’re so buff.”
This whole night, this whole thing that he cooked up just to entertain him from being bored out of his mind from Grand Central Terminal—it wasn’t supposed to end like this. It wasn’t even supposed to start so
Tony went silent, before bending forward to get closer to him. “I’m going to run permutations,” Tony tapped the pen on his temple. “To see if there’s a possibility that we could meet again.”
I think this is the part of the tour where we get to know each other, nay, or yay?”
Steve breathed out a laugh, lifting his other hand to stroke Tony’s cheek. “That was very cheesy, and you say you don’t say cheesy things.”
Steve kissed him again. “I told you, I’d never forget you.” He breathed in deeply, becoming fully aware of Tony once again. He could just be in this position all the time, and he’d be happy. “God, Tony, I missed you.”
this.
“It’s nearing six.” Tony whispered. He pointed somewhere to the side. “Want to take a hotdog?”
he mused silently as he looked at the digital clock on the wall.
He also said
The blond went bright red, and he lifted his hand to block Tony’s eyes. “To-
“Does, ‘wait’ suffice in this conversation?” Steve offered, and then he was blushing again when he felt Tony’s hand slip down from his back, to his bum. “Tony.”
He didn’t think that it’d reach this point.
Before they arrived to the Empire State Building, Tony gestured to different buildings in the way, talking about engineering facts and such. Most prominently were the former American Radiation Building (
“Well, you’re going to fit right in here in Manhattan! Because that’s a lot of buildings and it doesn’t get more citier than New York City.”
“Tony,” he whispered, as the man released him. Good god, could the man kiss. “What’s—what’s wrong?”
Tony and Steve bicker, and spend some time in the hotel.
His world spun for a moment, and that was the only time he put down his hammer. He brought his hand to his temples and massaged them, muttering incomprehensible words, even to himself.
He felt worried for some reason, because the guy was just staring at nothing, at the ticket booth, or the center, the clocks; basically, he wasn’t doing anything threatening or worrying, but… he was just standing there. Confused.
“Melancholic there, big guy.” Tony cocked his head, curious. “What are you thinking about?”
“Steve,” he breathed out when they separated for air. “—Steve, shit, this isn’t some one-sided thing?”
Steve didn’t budge, busying himself with eating his ice cream, trying not to make eye contact with the other man.
Steve brought his hands together and blushed. “I just. Wanted to hold you. Till.” He must’ve looked ridiculous, standing in front of Tony in a robe and boxers. “Till the sun rises. I want to hold you in my arms till we go our separate ways.”
His breathing was ragged, and Steve couldn’t help it, he hugged the other man again.
He noticed how Tony stopped for a moment, before glaring at him. “Now, you, Boy Scout, you can’t say those
“Sir?” The clerk asked. “I have your room.”
“I will gloss over the part you called me beast, because that guy turns out alright in the end, so yes.” Tony clicked his tongue. “Also thank you, that’s another point to my ego, you’re doing wonders to my self-esteem, sweetheart.”
“Steve?” he whispered softly. “Are you alright?”
“Save the world, huh?” Tony murmured in delight. “With the Avengers.”
“Tony?” He gently asked, taking into note the numerous bags surrounding him. “Are you alright? What happened?”
Somehow, Tony managed to reach the decision of
? Blondie, you’re going to be terrible with my inventions.”
have money,” he started, then raised a finger. “But! I have whole ones. No fives or whatever.”
“Hey now not all of them are bad,” Steve reprimanded, before laughing. “Okay, but my dad was. Not great, so fine, I won’t contest that.” He sat on the bench for a short rest, and Tony mimicked him, sitting beside him, but not too close. “I joined the army, one day.”
“No, indeed.” Maria allowed herself to smile, which, that was actually relieving, because Steve hasn’t seen her smile for the four-or-so weeks he’d been there in SHIELD. She wasn’t a robot (he had thoughts like those, sue him) and that was reassuring. “But to those who have studied you for so long? SHIELD is best at protecting, more than keeping secrets, I should know. We try hard but it’s impossible.”
Tony opted to lean into the hold, turning to kiss the hand. “Oh believe me, I know a lot, but do shower me with compliments.”
“Not—not really,” Tony murmured, leaning his cheek onto his head. “I guess it couldn’t be helped that they’re keeping Captain America to themselves.”
Tony was silent before falling in step with him.
“I’ll try again, Tony,” he said, with resolution. “Against all odds.”
“Tony!” He scolded, “—I was just thinking how fast you’re talking. It’s like a talent. Can’t—not a good talker myself.”
“A plan?” Steve repeated. “I thought you’d rather want to…”
I’m here, being guilty, and you look smug as hell on the other end of this table—“
He looked up from his place and saw Tony waiting by the door, a bright smile on his face.
Wait that was a lie, he spent debating to go out of the helicarrier for an hour, tried evading people for another, and ran for the rest. There was also that moment where he practically bulldozed a person down (that still made him embarrassed, he could’ve
and even his newfound hate for Times Square was tampered by the man’s delight in it.
“Gone?”
He misses being outside.
“Right!” Tony clapped his hands. “So yeah. Lightning strikes and it feels like they energize the mushrooms and they go into panic mode. So they want to live, and they double their reaction processes, and boom, they multiply! Or that’s what they say, anyway. Maybe plants like the energy?”
“—shut up, don’t interrupt my thinking.” Tony waved his hand again in a flurry. “My face has been in the media for more than three hundred lifetimes. I’ve seen myself photographed until I go blind due to the flashes. You haven’t
lacing into his words. “It was nice to meet you finally. I thought you were ignoring me.”
Tony tilted his head up, and Steve was struck again, on the realization—that somehow, he must be here for the future, for a reason. Maybe this particular reason.
you try talking for five hours and more straight.” Tony mumbled against his chest. “This is a give and take. I tour you around, you give me compliments, you kiss me, I kiss you, I say stuff, and you say stuff.” He prodded his arm and his lips quirked a little at a little realization. “Come on now. You still haven’t said why you were looking at the clock.”
and Tony licked his lips. (He shuddered involuntarily at the touch, because that wasn’t supposed to be sexy, but that somehow was, or was it because it was Steve?)
He found himself involuntarily snorting. “You don’t know, maybe I’ve just got a gaping syndrome.”
Steve looked at the corner of his eyes and sighed. “You totally caught me.”
He turned to look at her. “What?”
“Oh—oh! I’m sorry!” The man apologized, eyes full of worry. “Are you alright?”
and why was Steve--
Which, from his attracted-brain to his logical brain, he totally agreed with. Steve would look
But his eyes were closed.
He thought in awe, watching as the light made the blond’s features look ethereal.
“Steve—“
He looked intimidating, and
Which, wow. He was waxing poetic about a stranger’s eyes. He really needed his alcohol, stat.
“A plan,” he explained. “A
“Let me walk you.” Tony pleaded, hands shaking as he fisted Steve’s shirt. “Let me see you go.”
He didn’t know what to feel but
“Shh, Tony.” Then, “Uh. I. I made her remove the… moving—I mean, the video.”
Tony laughed out loud. “Shit, why’d I’d ever think you were innocent, I don’t know why. You are a dangerous man, Steve.” He kissed him fully on the lips, laughing. “One night, and your personality goes three hundred and sixty.”
The blond regarded him with a look.
To her credit, Maria Hill gave him a small smile in apology. “There are a lot of threats, Captain, it’s not just Nazis and such on the ground or in the sky that you have to look out. Your status as a hero has been elevated for so long; they could recognize you. Your serum is a… hotspot, of sorts. People still want to recreate that.”
of him to go out and have a voice changer just for that.)
“I can receive and give compliments, Tony,” Steve’s mouth twitched into a smile. “—it’s that, it’s
smile. Nothing sways me. Nothing.”
Tony in turn was sleeping; he was on his lap, quiet. He had dozed off moments after sitting next to him, and wasn’t even able to eat the bag of chips he bought earlier.
He couldn’t say anything, for the life of him, because-- because---
He thought about how many times he was turned down, and after two weeks, he felt like giving up and just let have SHIELD their way. But no—he promised, he promised to find him, to get to him too.
He let a small smile creep on his face; anonymity at its finest.
He felt his arc reactor hum louder, and he tried to calm his excitable heart. “I won’t hit them, those are practically my children. No, I’m talking about legit—legitimate machines, like car engines.”
The hundred dollars given to him to “enjoy your stay in SHIELD, Cap, it will be a meantime till we give you a permanent base” was heavy in his pocket. He didn’t have the heart to ask for a decent pencil and sketchbook too, because that felt too weird.
he thought as the man took his breath once again with a kiss, and then more.
“I like sofas!”
Steve turned around and Tony observed at him. “Well, that was fun.” The blond mused as he sat across him.
you look kind of familiar, somehow, but it’s really vague, with all the covers.”
“And I think I’ve seen the side of a person who wants to believe again,” he spoke softly, “—someone who lost so much, and wants to find the world again.”
“Please don’t remind me,” Steve groaned, getting redder and redder by the minute as his mind replayed
Tony stopped. “Want to?” He asked, looking up from the bed.
“Moms usually are.” Tony agreed. “And dads are shit.”
It was only the time when he actually took a
Steve winked at him and began unbuttoning his coat. “I may not be experienced, Tony, but I know a thing or two.”
nice; in the war—
“And I take it that they didn’t know.”
to this? He never stopped stroking the fire that was too dangerous for his hands. He never stopped being—being
“You wanted to get here as soon as possible, Steve.” The brown-haired man rolled his eyes. “I was ready for breakfast in bed, and I could see you naked.”
him, especially a SHIELD member.
Raising his head to look at stores once again, he shrugged and opted to go inside a mall.
know me? I’m apparently loaded, I look like—like this,” he pointed to his general direction, “—and you’re just pretending that you don’t know me? I have to say, they don’t make it like you nowadays.”
street, yeah, and you see that building right there?” She pointed upwards, where he looked at the skyscraper with a large point. “That’s the Chrysler Building. Follow that and you’ll be at the train station.”
Natasha gave him a smirk. “Come on now, don’t tell me you don’t remember? What was that again?
“Hey, you’re thinking again, you’re awfully non-verbal.” Steve huffed. “Come on now, Tony. Talk to me. You’re making me nervous here.”
Tony stopped, just at one of the many exits of Grand Central Terminal. “That was oddly artistic of you, Steve, and very old of you to say. Poetic for something like us just hanging out for no reason.”
“I remember the words as ‘little shit’, but okay.” He could feel Tony’s smile. “That’s true. Oh. You’re tarnished now.”
“Different lives.” Steve felt his eyes burn again, and for a split second, a tear escaped from his left eye. He quickly wiped it off so Tony wouldn’t see, but from the man’s glossy gaze, he saw it too. “Hah! That’s. That’s a good thing to stall the time machine, huh?”
“I didn’t say anything!”
“What?”
Steve cocked his head and snaked a hand under his butt and lifted him. “Better?”
“For a growing man. Yes.”
Not a second after the door closed, Steve had already placed the bags on the table, and had his arms crossed.
Steve rubbed his face, mind still set on
of a person being a potential reincarnation who has a hidden agenda of taking over the world’s chocolate industry. How was I supposed to think?”
“Steve.” He grinned.
“Ah,” the man looked like he wanted to say something but clamped his mouth shut. “Al- Alright. Sorry again. Um,” he scratched the back of his neck, “Hope you don’t get… bulldozed, again,” he smiled uneasily.
His head hurt. He thought technology being very advanced was already a headache on its own, but apparently from what he had read, Yggdrasil was going to be a thing, if Loki the Norse god was real.
it was, the beginnings of an improving mood. “And the one who totally got me on the last note.”
Steve laughed, pushing him to their table gently. “Nah, I think I overreacted as well. I’m sorry.” He sat down after pulling Tony’s seat, which,
The world that Steve would like to partake in, if he could.
His heart thudded painfully against his chest once again, and his arc reactor felt weird.
Tony was starting to believe in the concept of fate, somehow, because he started this day so bad that he actually threw a bottle at no one in anger, and now he was ordering coffee with someone he didn’t even know.
It was a side of the world that he hadn’t really appreciated ever, before.
Steve thought that sounded familiar, like someone in Italy that he had known in the past. Chocolate and hazelnut seemed like an echo of his past.
He adjusted his coat and pursed his lips;
And then he was pushing him to the bed, and holy shit.
His thought strayed to fondue and he almost choked.
He watched as the news rolled on. He muted the television and put a hand on his face.
, which made Steve love the future. He hadn’t realized it yet, but he hasn’t had a thought about the past since this morning. It was a vast improvement for him, who had spent wallowing in SHIELD far more than he would like.
in love yet, but he was teetering dangerously so, because he’s getting the warning signs he’s had with Pepper. But that was different because Pepper and him just kind of realized they had a great dynamic and liked each other; there was no need to ‘fall’ in love because they were already, kind of, in love in their own way.
Tony tapped his foot, humoring the unsubtle way of changing the subject. “I’ve got an idea, you’ve got any idea about New York’s most beloved buildings?”
“You are such a little shit, you know that,” Tony said, exasperated. He took the leather jacket that was perched on his broad shoulders—which,
Darkly, he thought: maybe this was a dream in the ice, and I’ll wake up seeing everyone dead.
“Terminal.”
He held his hand out, but Tony shook his head and propped himself up. “Yeah. Damn, you a tank or something?”
(Maybe he should?)
again. “Not anyone else’s. I’m going to date the hell out of you. Bring you to—to movies. Introduce you to the current century. That’s going to be my job.”
“Oh, do you?” Steve said with humor.
“W-Wait, I should be—“
Sometimes that didn’t reflect in his life, though.
he looked up into the sky,
Tony held out his hand suddenly, as if to hit him with a repulsor blast. Steve’s eyes were wide.
Steve laughed heartily. “Oh, Tony, you have
“Up and at it, genius,” Steve blushed, reaching out to grasp his hand. Tony felt a spark—
of it. He was
“But with secrets?” He asked, laughing wetly. The moment felt so intimate. “I’m pretty sure they’ve got The Langham bugged around here. The army might send rockets up your ass, Steve.”
“Steve?”
“That—“, Tony wheezed, swaying to the grass to calm himself, “—was the most adorable and the funniest thing I’ve ever experienced in my whole life, god, Steve, why do you do this to me?”
someone reminding me these, I don’t
but Steve beat him into it.
A smile appeared on the other man’s face, and somehow Tony’s guilt that was bubbling in his stomach ebbed away. That smile could cure cancer, if that was possible. “I said, Tony, the Chocolate Connoisseur who talks a lot. Not the Billionaire.”
“No, no, you looked like a great sight,” Tony smirked, kissing his chest. Steve felt his face heat. “I mean, honestly, tell me you actually model somewhere. I’m going to start a clothes line. You model every single men’s outfit.”
“No, you don’t understand, god, this is probably a curse in itself, you know?” He was laughing again, and it was painful to see. It made Steve’s heart break. “Tony Stark, finds the love of his life but we can’t be together. Fuck, it just—why does my life always turn into shit? Why?”
He sniffed. “Not all of us are blessed with the body of Adonis, Steve.” He crossed his arms and raised his shades to glare at him. “Also, Steve, that was totally a joke that you didn’t jive with me. ”
Peggy Carter. Brunette, red lipstick, sharp mind, heels that could probably pin him like a gun, and was always quick-witted. She was a fantastic woman, and a greater person to know; she was unafraid, even held a gun against him. Steve loved her, he really did, even if his teammates—the Howling Commandos—would give him dirt whenever he sighed over her compass picture.
“I did
Steve regarded him a look for a moment, before raising the ice cream at his hand. “I think I’m going to get a disease from all these sweets.” He also gestured to the bags he held, courtesy of Tony impulsively buying different things a ‘tourist should buy’. Not that he was going to get that sick anymore, because of the serum, but he felt like it.
and there was a
of it, that he’ll find Steve. “I know I will.”
he thought, hands shaking a bit. He tried to not think about the people staring at him (but they were New Yorkers, they were probably just curious on why he was just standing there but the next moment would care) and willed himself to try to be spatially aware for the moment.
The woman was nodding, and other customers (thankfully two are late-night eaters, and just three staff-- apparently not a lot dined in a café at this morning or at this late) were smiling or approving of whatever Steve was doing. Then the woman dipped her head, and Steve held her phone, furrowing his eyebrows (what was he seeing?) and nodding.
“We’re like, three feet apart.”
Glad to find another topic for his brain to stew on, Tony asked, “A friend of nature?”
“You bet I did.” Tony boasted, smugness lacing into his tone. Then, his face shifted into a soft smile. “Stayed up all night for you.”
Steve hissed, and oh my god, he’s gotten the Pepper hiss down and they’ve known each other for two and half hours right now?
He couldn’t stop the tears from flowing, and he was doing this weak attempt to hit the man hugging him. It was futile, and he was spilling so much, and he didn’t know what he was saying.
He was confused. “What—what did I do?”
“I—“, he caught the man’s arm as he tried to pull away. “Okay, I acknowledge that I didn’t greet your first, and I want to say I’m sorry. But—is that why are you angry? I’m sorry.”
“Dum-E?” Steve inquired, “—that’s new. Who’s that?”
“If this is your attempt at making me spill government secrets, I’m not uttering any words.” The blue-eyed man commented, crossing his arms. Which were impressive, because
Steve wanted to say.
and he doesn’t know what to do with that, because it’s just been two weeks since Peggy was gone, and they never got their dance, and here’s someone on the verge of his fingertips once again.
He’s trying to search for a good shop (because while he is trying to be quiet, he’s not going to drink
Steve searched his face for something—a sign on why he was asking so, but shrugged. “It might be cool to have one, just in your laboratory or your sink for dishwashing. You know.”
Birthdays weren’t a touchy thing for him; it was more of a tasteless thing to celebrate, after his mother died and Bucky kept going out for war deployment. He didn’t like going out, and if he did, it was to buy bread, because he can’t afford cake.
After he trudged up the stairs, his first actions were to get a bottle of scotch and lay down on his couch. Maybe catch some sleep because while he was made of iron will, his body was most likely protesting for sleep. By the way how his back ached on the soft couch, it really did seem so.
“Okay, metaphorical time machine here, and you’re already trying to clean it already. I’m touched.” The brown-eyed man shifted back to a better sitting position, leaning his back to the bench. “It’d get dusty, if we’re real, and Dum-E might wreck it.”
“Look, humor me. You’re young looking, are you like, twenty-two?” The other man raised his eyebrows.
“You’re such a little cheeky shit, you know that.” Tony griped. “ I can’t believe you—“ The hair on the back of his neck stood up when he felt the golden foil hurtling—and there wasn’t any other word but
Then he realized; Steve was saying goodbye.
He’d wanted to bring him to somewhere pricier, and totally his style, but this was Steve discovering Midtown Manhattan, not his attempt to date him in the worst get-up for any event that he has ever had in his life.
Steve was new to the world, and he was still frightful of cars (because they were plenty faster too, and there are so many
He sat down and reached for his scotch bottle, popping off the cover without a care for the world. He turned on the news while downing the bottle; mood going sourer when it was about politics that he most certainly didn’t care for or news about him that he
“You’re smiling again,” Tony murmured on top of him. “What is it this time?”
He wants Tony by his side. He wants to know him more. He wants to be happy, and be grounded, and love the future, to find a home in this alien world.
Because Tony deserved to know him, too. Even if there was a chance that somehow, SHIELD was listening in.
“Tell me, sweetheart, who gave you this idea to kiss me here?” Tony squinted his eyes to look at him. Man, he just realized how much taller Steve was, and for all the times he felt little, this was one of those times he relished in it. “I need answers. I don’t believe you if you tell me it was
was his first split-second thought as the man got into his view. His second was,
in everything that he does. “
“But I don’t want you to remember me like other people do.” Tony whined, twisting around his grip and looking him straight in the eyes. “I want you to remember me, unlike the world has seen.”
Tony snorted, and released his hold on the jacket, patting him. “You are a giant, you jerk, come down.”
In a moment, he found himself in a locked room, with a bunk bed on the side. He turned around to see a calm-looking Tony. Then something in him broke, so
Tony stood up and snorted.
he wanted to say out loud, because he knew he was losing time.
of Empire State Building.”
both mentally and physically, and he once punched Nazis in the face for a living.
Tony would’ve just gone back to his house, and probably simper in his laboratory. As usual.
“So it’s goodbye, huh?” He murmured knowingly, and Steve’s heart tore itself into many pieces at the reminder of the time.
“What’s with the permission?” he countered, lips tilting up into a smile. “You’ve got a whole night, honey.”
“Don’t say my name. Room for two.” He simply said.
which has been changed into the Bryant Park Hotel, Bank of America Tower (
Tony and Steve get acquaint themselves with one another. Tony thinks that Steve must've lived in a cave his whole life, and Steve thinks Tony is talented. And eats a lot of chocolate.
Tony shot up so fast he could’ve given himself whiplash. “I—oh, shoot, I fell asleep?”
Steve went out first, breaking their hold. He picked up the bags they’ve had for the night and headed towards the pier.
A laugh crossed his lips. Those—were great looks, on that handsome man he spent a night with. His laugh rang through his mind, and that twinkle in his brown eyes; it held so much joy.
But he swore to have this night with Tony.
“A fantasy, hm?” Steve mumbled, putting his hands on Tony’s face. “Does it bother you?”
The clerk pursed her lips and just nodded, acquiescing to the request.
Steve snapped open his eyes, and whispered almost immediately afterwards,
“I waited for you, to… to come to me.” He murmured. “I know you knew me already. I know you’ve seen me. I didn’t think you won’t go, at all.” He sniffed, and then Steve realized, his eyes are becoming wet with tears.
“No…” the genius shook his head, wagging his finger and dragging the o’s more than necessary. “No,
“Tony.”
Steve chuckled uneasily. “Ah. I might—
Steve put a clean, almost-pressed-looking five dollar on the stand.
He stopped, fiddling with the newspaper and bags at hand.
He had, after Nick Fury escorted him out of Time Square. He requested to be brought back to SHIELD as normally as possible. He’d ridden the trains. At least trains were still the same, just a lot more electricity-based.
“Can’t appreciate the nice view?” He smirked, tossing him the other bath robe, which he caught easily. He watched as Tony sat on the bed and began writing. “I mean, honestly, you got to stare at my arc reactor the whole time, and for a second I thought you’d want to stop and draw all of a sudden.”
Steve was just so easy to read; his eyes were a dead giveaway. He wanted to see them all the time.
hotel.”
“Steve?”
Steve shook his head, still surprised but a bit better. “N-No. More in awe. I haven’t exactly… taken appreciation of Grand Central Station.”
He felt queasy. It’s only been two weeks, since he’s gotten in the future. Peggy, he loved him, she really did, but…
“You got me there, Bulldozer.” He complimented as he took a newspaper from a stand. “You’re a quick one, for someone who stared at the clock for five minutes.”
was in front of him, in his line of vision.
“I tried searching for you, you know,” Tony clenched his teeth, hands shaking. “F-Fucking, Steven Rogers, and all the results that came in where old records. I told myself that you were real, that night, and not some fucked-up dream that I had after drinking vodka. But apparently SHIELD had you in top security, that they didn’t even upload your god damn files in their database.”
and he was—he was a futurist, a man who has it all.
“What?” Steve exclaimed. “Tony! Tony? Why—why are you laughing—“
Blue-eyes blinked, and a happy,
Steve just looked at him with wide eyes, surprised.
“It’s not, believe me.” It boggled his mind that Steve could read him well, just after a few hours. He had to remedy that. “I’ve made my face as unreadable as possible, for the—“
“I’m a normal man, Steve,” Tony murmured. “And… I have a feeling that you’re more than you let on. I don’t understand why, but maybe there’s a reason why, and… I trust you.”
his mind supplied, which,
wow, that was.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh, and he swallowed hard. “You—you do that, my genius.” He started to stand up, but his legs felt weak, like they were lead. “I’ll. I’ll go, Tony, see you—see you later.” He tried to move, but Tony wouldn’t let go.
Steve exhaled, not knowing what to say.
It was like—sharing who you are before who you could become in a few steps. He was Steven Grant Rogers, soldier of World War Two. Part of the Howling Commandos.
he was so gone on this man. “But that’s not what I’m going to do first. I’ve got to take care of my fella. Kiss me, Tony.”
He still didn’t know what to do with the information that there was a
Because he did try to change, he wanted to change, damn it.
The blond had a straight face, innocent and angel-like. “What do you mean? You’re the talkative one, like you said.”
and the man hefted him up with a swift action, like he didn’t weigh anymore than a pencil.
He gasped, a twitch in his lips forming into a grin. “I cannot believe you.”
Steve snorted, taking the golden-foiled ball. “Ah, sorry. I was just—reminded of someone I knew.”
He settled for pens for the moment, and reusable papers, because this organization that found him apparently took things for granted and took a mistype of a word to be the death of theirs. He’s seen the discarded papers in one of their rooms; no one has reprimanded him for taking a box of papers, so he thinks he’s in the good side of SHIELD for a while.
Tony was staring at him, beautiful brown eyes wide in awe, and Steve felt alive. He moved to look at Tony, and he could feel his tears gathering in his eyes, but he trudged on.
“The Chrysler?” Steve wondered aloud, squinting as if to search for the building.
The blond got redder when Tony winked. “Hey! No fair!”
If the AI could give a physical manifestation of a nod, then it would’ve. “Yes,” JARVIS acquiesced. His AI was good like that, always understanding, unlike other people in his life. “I will take note of that, Sir.”
“Diabetes?” Tony quirked an eyebrow, and he waved his own ice cream. “Unless you’ve got dysfunctional insulin or so-so, you’re safe buddy.” He stopped. “You…
He hated that voice.
Natasha Romanoff was a curious one; she was really agile, and tactical. He’s sparred with her for a few times, and he
A beat passed, before he huffed as they exited the building. “That. That was so awkward. Gosh, that was so awkward, why didn’t you
Steve huffed a laugh. “You bought me that jacket that I didn’t want.”
“I’m just saying, if you could assemble a circuit board at four, you probably could wire a time machine, or something, at age…”
As he waited, he sifted through the contents of the bags, and noticed something new—a piece of paper, and an apple.
His line of thought were cut short when a timid, curly-haired man entered the foray, and
“Steve.” He called, going to his side. “We’re here.” He rocked on his heels, putting their belongings on the bench next to them. “We didn’t walk, huh?”
Tony thumped a fist to his chest playfully. “You sap.” He poked the star on Steve’s chest. “You’re still going to change that suit, though.” Tony said with a deadpan. “I did that for a few nights or so. Appreciate my hard work.”
He left them for a moment, and then Steve suddenly felt nervous, because he hasn’t heard Tony call him, or even try to talk to him. No, he was just standing somewhere behind him, talking to another SHIELD employee, and that hurt more than he would like to admit.
he admonished himself.
things while I’m planning here, and while being naked. How dare you,” he was furiously scratching out something from the pad paper. From his enhanced hearing, he could hear Tony mumble out, “—making me feel this way it’s so stupid, it’s my arc reactor he doesn’t get to make me feel this way…”
funny, but you’ve got to tell me about that superhero action pose.”
Tony tried a smile. If cab drivers could notice, then it was going to be serious. “Yeah, I figured.”
I concede.” He looked mulish though, and he was
“Protect me from what?” Steve grunted, keeping his tone in check and not letting any sliver of pettiness in the way. He’d just sound like a child and his reputation—whatever that was—might not lead to good results in the future. “I’m sorry. I just want to see my country after… seventy odd years? I think this is unfair.”
“You don’t have to tell me.” Tony reminded. “I’m just asking… I mean, I’m not good with feelings, but if I can… help, in any way I can…?”
He thought, and that seized his breath away again.
Tony didn’t know how he ended up shopping around the chocolate shop in Grand Central Station, but he did.
Steve willed his face into a blank slate as the redhead roller her eyes in response to Agent Hill. “Miss Romanoff.”
in his mind.
then Tony wouldn’t do this.
you with my presence, you jerk.” He sat down beside the other man, who just slumped down beside him and basically hung over him like a limpet. “Hey! I want to enjoy my food too!”
Azure eyes looked at him with—with this
Tony wagged a finger towards him. “
“With the Avengers,” Steve affirmed, then, “—with you.”
It was such an inane, little request, and Tony, for once in his life, realized that he never had seen the sunrise just for what it is.
He felt himself blush again, and he clenched his hands unconsciously.
those were heavy and godTonystopstaring. “Where to, Tony?”
his heart whispered.
“Don’t pin this on me,” the dark-haired man teased, and the man had his hand again on his arm. “Or—“
That brought out a choked laugh from Tony, making him separate from him for a moment. “Oh my god! That was dirty! I’m becoming a bad influence on you!”
(He quickly found out that he didn’t mind, when they were alone.)
Steve’s mouth twitched into a smile. “Come on, I’m not going to
“Not so, we need brains as well,” he honestly answered. He felt accomplished when the man stood taller with pride. “Steve Rogers. Nice to meet you.”)
wasn’t good, so he just broke off. “I.”
Steve pursed his lips, which got him distracted for a moment. “Alright,
Pepper, who was the tipping point, but there was also Rhodey hounding after him and asking his decision on several things, as if him skipping out of conferences was anything he hasn’t done in the past. Maybe it was how the man raised his hands in exasperation, shouting “Tony! I was all up for this
“A guy named Ferrero who makes chocolate and hazelnut?” Tony asked, skeptical. “That’s way too much of a coincidence. Was he reincarnated or something?”
Tony faltered.
“They didn’t.”
He smothered his face with his hand. “Wow, um, no offense, but your lap is like, the best pillow ever.” He then turned to stand up and headed to the exit. “Well, lest we get to stay here and be discovered as some kind of thieves in this building, we got to go. Come on!”
, and Tony could only think of,
Tony looked at him and gave a wobbly smile. “Give me one kiss, soldier, and a smile. A remembrance of the greatest day of my life, Steve.”
He asked something again and the woman nodded.
Tony dropped a gorgeous smirk. “Now why don’t we book a hotel?”
Captain America.
“Hey.” The driver-- an old man with shades, what a legend-- called, halting Tony from exiting the cab. “He needs a hug.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s why they separated in the first place. She knew what risks happened.
Then he suddenly reached out to touch Steve’s arm with a joking leer, but then he started because---
“Oh don’t you call me with that tone.” The genius muttered, and he was fidgeting with the costume’s zippers. “Besides, I’ve got a better version of your suit with me. Nothing that tacky. Shows off your assets.” He wiggled his eyebrows.
He looked back and smiled awkwardly. “Thank you! You too!”
“Yeah?” Steve answered back. “Giving wandering tourists a show of the city your night occupation?”
And in a second, Steve was gone.
He didn’t know where he was, but there were still landmarks. He had run a
Bruce’s smile was nice to see. “Yes, uh, and there’s also Mean and Green, which I’m more useful of.”
He was hungry, so he decided to put the hundred bucks in his own person to use.
Tony Stark is a brilliant man, but he was also impulsive, so he didn’t really anticipate his mouth running off to be a
“Mushrooms?” Steve questioned.
His original plan was to tour Steve around, and just goad the man into seeing different things. Maybe drink a little, or a lot, it depends. That kiss just settled in his mind, just now.
Steve hummed. “Glad to be of service, Mr. Connoisseur, will we be purchasing more trinkets for me? Or more chocolate for you—“. Steve ducked just in time and caught the golden foil ball in his hands, thrown courtesy of an irate Tony. “—Tony, don’t litter. Even if they are Ferrero Roche, dogs and cats won’t love them.”
and she had a surprising sense of humor, like
It was honestly frightening, but between the small voice of inebriation and the louder voice of curiosity over Steve, it was already a sure thing who would win. Besides, they were just walking around Grand Central Terminal for a while, with Tony pointing at subway maps.
and playfully pushed and pulled him. “—how can you deliver those lines with the most angelic face in the world?”
He breathed in deeply, choosing his words correctly—in fear of someone
If you want to yell at me, I'm active in Tumblr at https://authorintheskies.tumblr.com! I also draw art too.
Tony laughed. “You think that’s amazing, honey, wait till you get to see the
he cheered for himself.
Tony opened his eyes after a minute had passed, and he touched his lips, just to have that feeling of Steve’s lips on his one last time.
Steve looked out of breath, but a wide grin was in his gorgeous face, and it felt like Tony was whole. “I think I’m in love with you.”
He also felt like he should say something, but he squashed it down. He had no responsibility.
He could even feel the tears sliding down his cheeks.
Steve tentatively placed his hand on Tony’s head, and then when the man didn’t wake up, relaxed. He carded his hand through his soft locks, and his heart constricted, because he
Steve kissed his on his forehead. “Of course, Mr. Billionaire, at your service.”
He’s gotten his attention though. “—don’t shout!”
He felt twitchy all of a sudden. “Fuck, Steve. How would you hurt me? You’ve bulldozed over me earlier. This is—you slamming onto me is nothing.” He marched into The Langham and presented his card to the clerk, who looked at him with raised eyebrows.
Important.
“Yeah?” Tony kicked a pebble. “How’d it go? You any good?”
“Not at all,” the brown-haired man admitted with a grin, “—I like that side of you. I can do a lot with this.” He wiggled his eyebrows appreciatively at Steve’s half-naked body.
“Steve, I, I’ve done so much wrong. Pepper—Pepper is angry with me, because I’ve been wasting away in my tower, and Rhodey’s been angry with me because I’ve been a literal child for the past months. I yelled at Dum-E, I yelled at U,
retract, but my past doctors just proclaim that I’m uh…” He searched for a word that could substitute to ‘
“Gun?” Steve whispered. That wasn’t right.
“Yeah,” he nodded. “Against all odds, we’ll meet one another, and I’ll— I’ll take you out for dinner next time, Tony.”
That was correct, it seemed. This guy knew what he was always talking about, his chatter full of knowledge of different things and opinions on other tasks. He talked really fast. He was amazing.
“I thought we agreed to you calling me ‘Natasha’.” Natasha smirked.
“I.” Tony started, but then
that he couldn’t take, and he looked to the side. “You’re a brave man, Tony. Kiss me.”
Being famous was a hard life sometimes.
Tony thought of a mental map in his mind; if he whipped out his phone again, he’d be
Tony shares some feelings, and Steve finds a way to make the night better.
a voice in his head reminded.
They turned quiet, and Steve couldn’t help but speak, as if this—if
joke, aren’t you.” Steve closed his eyes in distress. “Don’t, I can feel it.”
He was good at leading. Hopefully. Being at war with people who were clearly in the wrong compared to being at war with gods and potential aliens seemed like a different bar fight altogether. Maybe this was a normal thing that people nowadays experience? He was pretty sure in his time, UFOs weren’t as fanatical as it seemed.
“It’s stupid.” He laughed. His eyes were burning. He bit his ice cream.
“No, no.” Steve smiled at him gently, and Tony was struck again once more on how
“Tony.” Steve called again.
Steve, I am appalled that you’d even say that.” Tony rolled his eyes playfully. “But if I am, I’m more of the
“Tony,” he patted the shoulder of the man. “Tony, wake up, the building has closed.”
kind. One that gets a lot of money flailing for a little bite. Understand that, buddy?” He poked him in the face.
When they were the only ones left (and three of the SHIELD agents on the platform, but they were busy doing something, like a game) Tony had the
Tony grinned. “Oh good, compliments to the ego. I love it, give me more.”
“Ah.” Steve mumbled, nodding and giving them a half-smile.
, itinerary. I’m thinking of a good loop. We’ve got a whole night to ourselves, and it’s what, 11 pm? Early. It’s like, prime time.”
“Parade rest again, soldier.” The other man laughed. “Relax. I’m just teasing.”
Tony hummed, kissing his ear. He intertwined their fingers. “I won’t blame them; after this, I’m whisking you to my tower. You won’t leave for three weeks, or more, tops.”
“No, not fine,” he muttered, glancing to the side and rolling his wide shoulders. “Someone just—let me—“
Steve stared upwards, seeing the rectangular glass-covered building as high as the sky. Idly, he thought that it might not be the tallest building in this New York. “Hello.” He promptly greeted, then a second later he was berating himself because that was
It wasn’t just Pepper—or maybe it
He groaned as he pushed himself to sit down; his body didn’t ache anymore, unlike last night when he decided that trying to learn kick-box was suddenly needed in his life. He understood why he needed to learn those—Youtube was something that he has learned to appreciate, while he was basically under tight surveillance by SHIELD—because he quickly found out that you can learn a
And he’s gesturing for something—and, and.
The blond looked at him underneath his eyelashes, and took his mouth onto his, and broke away. “Baby, let me take care of you.” He whispered, breath hot and heavy on his neck. “I’d love to, if I can.”
but now he was just confronted with a new problem: his heart wouldn’t let Steve go.
him—and went in.
Steve was silent; his eyes were clouded, Tony would’ve noticed.
“Don’t do that to me, you’re such a prick.” Tony muttered as he tried to calm his pulse. Steve directed his gaze at him and stuck his tongue out, making him laugh.
“I thought it was a high-five!”
“Don’t challenge me, Tony.” Steve commented. “I have a big appetite.”
For some reason, that statement stuck to his mind. He didn’t know why, but he felt—he felt a connection to it. “That’s. That’s amazing.”
he wanted to say.
A world that Steve might look forward to, to learn about, if he was next to this man.
“Darling, I’m always right, I’m the genius between us.”
Steve’s eyes had gone half-lidded, and he started taking off his shirt.
Steve pines because of SHIELD, and the awaited reunion appears.
Steve swallowed.
“Huh.” Steve breathed.
And for some reason, it felt like he was that missing part of him that powers him, the part where the arc reactor can’t fill. He gave him his drive. He hasn’t been excited for something—someone, for months, and that was saying something.
They rode the elevator, and Tony’s excited fun facts of the tower dominated the elevator music playing. Steve kept nodding, and he responded correctly, but he was observing Tony more than listening to the facts that he was saying.
more of guarded—by them.
The elevator opened, and an employee entered, raising their eyebrows at the both of them.
that?”
Tony climbed over to meet him face to face, and they paused for a moment, just staring into each other’s eyes.
he wanted to say.
He actually got into a mini-argument with Steve earlier, but it was about something really inane like,
“There you go again, Steve,” Tony said gently. “Come on, I’m not good at opening up, but I’m trying here.”
a map!”
“So it grounds itself?” Steve echoed, staring up the huge building as it came to their view.
And that was true. This man, who has experienced so much, was building the future of the world.
Steve, wonderful Steve, apparently knew combat (yes he was from the army but did they teach the army to counter those strikes?). Which wasn’t supposed to be a huge turn-on, but he definitely loved someone who could pin him down—
“I love you, Tony.”
Steve thought, mind boggled.
Tony hummed in assent. “That’s what lightning does. It gets a bit heated and it goes off to many, many directions, but it would always find something to stabilize with. Mushrooms love it too.”
people, being so different. It was jarring.
“I resent that,” Steve muttered,
Tony snorted. “Your first thought of ‘furnished’ was a sofa, Steve? Not that you have a room? Come on.”
I even got angry at JARVIS, and, and you—you
“You’re a chocolate manufacturer?”
shouted at him after being a few meters away from the taxi, which made him smile a little.
He admonished, still not over the fact that Tony found him attractive. “Come on. The building is closing.”
Tony waved his hand, impervious to Steve’s teasing lilt. “
“It’s a beautiful thing.” Steve admitted, itching for a pen and paper now as well. “It keeps you alive. I have to.”
“Mr. Banner!” Tony greeted, and
Steve,” he chuckled between the statements, “—god, can you even
That warmed Tony all over, more than he would like to admit. “You aren’t real, Steve. You aren’t, at all. How the fuck are you alive?”
again, and what was going to happen? This--- fantasy, escape, would end too early. He knows Pepper would call him any time soon, especially since he just turned off his phone.
Tony didn’t so much as blink at the abrupt topic change (and simultaneous confession) but he had figured it out as much. However, he thought it was just a picture, so it made Steve’s action even more meaningful.
The idea of being with Steve in a hotel delighted him so
and shrugged his shoulders. “Very forward though, touching my arms.”
“I just had the best night of my life.”
He wanted to put out his phone, but it was the prototype of the latest Stark Phone, and a lot of people knew what the Stark Phone looked like. It would be a dead giveaway.
He waited for Steve’s response, ready for the rejection and the eventual worse night that was going to happen when Steve left him alone in this café. He watched as the man’s face blanked out for a second, and then he seemed to go through a moment of inspection of whatever Tony had sprouted from his mouth, and Tony just watched him anxiously.
“Please.” He begged.
(Epilogue will be in a few days. I'd love to hear your comments! Also, thank you to those who gave me comments aa)
to not blush here, Tony, just because I do easily and you don’t doesn’t mean you get to tease me all about it.” He had to keep his dignity intact here,
“I… haven’t been sleeping well, too.” He said, and he could feel his heart speeding up. “I go to sleep accepting this… life, that I’m in, and I dream of people that I love. I dream about those times, in the… past.” He swallowed, voice cracking. “And I wake up, and—and everything is so different now.”
“Wha-“, he blinked, then shook his head. “No, I don’t—“
That sentiment somehow brought him out of his tower,
joke. But no.
Steve’s lips twitched into a smile. “Come on in, baby, kiss me.”
how that moment happened, and how he tried to be sexy (never doing that again) and Tony burst into laughter. The man had pulled him down and laughed against his bare chest. He didn’t know what to do so he just stopped trying altogether and just held the other man tight as he laughed like a lunatic. “I thought it’d sounded good to say at the time.”
“Like—like Ferrero?” He stammered, eyes wide.
“Dr. Banner, yes,” Steve had smiled, and shook his hand as the man approached him. “Intelligent and capable. Plus more, I assume.”
“Tony.” He closed in, and wrapped him in the hug, but Tony kept protesting against the hold. “Tony—I’m sorry for what I did, but I don’t know what you mean—“
Steve gave a small, trusting smile. Tony smiled back.
He was every bit of his dream coming true, and more.
He closed his eyes for a moment, thinking of inane equations—and woke up several hours, startling him.
Steve could understand. He was weird with emotions himself, and maybe that was why he was urged to share more than he had with anyone in SHIELD. “I grew up—poor, and, uh.” He looked to the sky. “I just wanted. There’s a lot that are gone, and well.”
But he was the one who proposed; he wasn’t that much of an asshole to just ditch someone he invited.
Steve bristle. “Excuse me?” He demanded, blue eyes flashing icily. He placed the bags on the floor and crossed his arms.
to Steve.
“Okay, yes, that’s actually an insult, so no, I won’t call you chicken, no siree,” Tony waved his hands. “Jesus Christ. I can’t keep my mouth shut.”
“Not a lot knew that,” Steve admitted, as she urged him to go with her for breakfast. “But Steve Rogers totally was.”
“You totally did!” Tony all-but-yelled. “How dare you! I was reprimanding you about being a meeting-lover and then you steered the conversation away into… reincarnation!”
“I’ll remember you forever, Tony.” He opted to say as he kissed his ear. “No one could ever forget you.”
Steve put his head down. Tony’s eyes widened.
looming at the corner. The world really has changed in seventy years, and he didn’t think he could catch up at this rate.
Okay, maybe he
Steve spluttered.
He might’ve said he was Iron Man somewhere, and that ever since Afghanistan and Justin Hammer with his stupid lasso-throwing lackey he was going to be too much for Pepper, which is why she broke up with him. The fact that he yelled at Rhodey and debated on stopping War Machine because of the incident with Justin Hammer. The fact that he screened people three to five times in Stark industries because he can’t trust anyone easily anymore, not after Obie, not after Natalie.
“You believe in reincarnation?” Steve couldn’t help but ask.
Bright, blue eyes regarded him with a stare, then, “Tony the Chocolate Connoisseur.”
careful.
“I know I’m famous and I know Stark Tower is literally just a few ways off, it’s literally huge and I was waiting for JARVIS to tell me that there’s this blond waiting in the lobby, or shit, something,” he grit his teeth. “I waited for two god damn weeks, and every night, I’d want to go out and see you again, but I’d convince myself that you weren’t going because I thought—I didn’t have to do it myself!”
oozing out of his posture and look. Steve suddenly felt horribly insignificant, standing in front of the man.
“Steve Rogers.”
Steve gave him a full once-over, and Tony involuntarily stood in a way that showed his best assets, which was a dangerous smile and absolutely great back. And everything else that wasn’t hidden by his stuffy costume. The blond blushed lightly, shifting to stand straighter, newspaper clutched on his other hand to the side. “Okay. If you really are a star, or an actor, I just assumed that you were trying to be under the radar, with your… costume.”
“How can you say innuendos without flinching, Tony?” Steve said back, grinning, swaying back and forth. He looked like he was enjoying it, and in turn, Tony enjoyed it too. “Par for the course, sir. You’ve got to deliver.”
A startled laugh came out from Tony’s mouth, and he shook his head. “Yeah, yeah.”
“This seems like a meal for two people.”
Chocolate-brown eyes looked at him inquisitively, and he knew what was coming. “Right, you say that when you’re looking at me. Don’t tell me you’re getting ready to kidnap me, you actually knew me all along, blondie.” He had an uneasy, but sharp grin on his face. “Just admit it so I can throw my money right now. Come on now. I won’t bite.”
A hand steadied the swaying punching bag in front of him—or, what was left of it. Steve hissed in seeing it fall from its harness; that was another thing that SHIELD would gripe about when someone sees again.
the life I live. Board meetings are a constant and I’m so
“Okay, I
Steve?”
Steve gave him a subtle nod. “Gone.”
he was
“Yeah!” Tony nodded, and while Steve has enhanced thinking, he wasn’t catching up on what Tony wanted to do. “Alright, something to write with, a pen, pen, pen---“
you’re doing but if you’re not going to appear to any conference there
“Yes…?” Steve answered, not understanding where this was going.
He really was, and the blond appreciated it
Tony breathed out, looking at him with squinted eyes, “-you are literally the
Steve’s cheeks reddened. “Shh, Tony, stop it.”
Steve drawled. “And I’m the pretty boy? The brawn?”
Tony clicked his tongue. “Okay, hotshot, you are
Observing the man beside him was a delight in itself. He just—radiated this energy, this
He thought, with eyes wide, and his heart beat against his chest.
He had his “repulsor” up and everything, as if to attack, but he quickly saved face by putting his hand on his face and high-tailing out of there.
For some reason, he knew he had to answer, partly because of being fair, and largely because something in his mind nagged for him to do it. “Steve.”
“Possibilities are endless, right?” Tony nodded to himself. “And I’m someone that can make possibilities real. I’m going to look you up, when I get home, and god, you just
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go.
He was crying.
“Tony,” he breathed with so much emotion it felt freeing. “I can’t believe—
appreciate, thanks Natasha.
That was
“Come on Steve!” He beckoned towards him, and Steve shook his head as he fell in step with the other man.
he urged himself, shaking.
The other man grinned, and tutted. “I’m taking tourist vibes here. I’m just saying, it’s Grand Central Terminal, not Station. Better be knowledgeable. You can be New Yorker if you’ve stopped gaping at everything.”
“You can.” Steve urged, as he pulled the man into a tight embrace. “You can, baby, come on. You’re a good man, Tony, don’t think less of yourself.”
Brown eyes blinked in dryness, and he must have been up for more than two days now, which wasn’t a surprise. He’s been in his workshop for so long and he hasn’t eaten since—that night when Pepper and he fought. She was agitated, annoyed at how he was being so flippant of (“Tony! You’ve got to stop doing this to yourself! It hurts to see you like this!”) whatever he was doing at the moment.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, because he was getting a sense of who was standing in front of him. How his mind ended up on that, he didn’t know, but he knew to trust his instincts. “Steve.”
Hello! I'm back with another chapter. I want to thank those people who gave kudos, commented, and read my story! Thank you so much!
He raised his hand and got inquisitive gazes from a group of friends, who were just talking with each other on the apartment steps. He could’ve died then and there, but he soldiered on.
“Yes?” The doctor had perked up when his name was said, and in the loud sounds emanating from the vehicle, his response was drowned out. “Oh, wow, Captain America! I don’t know if you know who I am but—“
, because no one wouldn’t know Iron Man’s repulsor blast pose. He’s had action figures modeled after him, for science’s sake!
“Why would I?” Tony snorted. “It’s an
“You want?” He still said with that boyish grin on his face, and then he bit it. “Ish delishoosh.”
“What did—are you honestly--?” He gasped, and it hurt Steve, god it hurt, that he didn’t know what was hurting Tony. “You—I didn’t expect—“
Tony snorted.
Tony thought this was Steve’s night to enjoy, but by god, this was a morning he would never forget.
It was a drawing of the arc reactor, with a little message on the back.
“And I know, that I don’t have much time. I have,” he swallowed hard, “—I have to get back, but I had to see the sun rise with you, baby, I want to see you shine with the sun, because I saw how you glittered in the moon.”
How the
“Billionaire, excuse me.” Tony flippantly corrected. “There’s three more digits that you have to add to that, and a whole lot of decimals. I work hard for that, you know.”
As he prepared to have his morning routine (which consisted of take a shower, put on clean clothes, take the most unobtrusive run around the helicarrier, and eat breakfast in the private lunch area he was assigned to) his thoughts drifted to the man in his dreams. Tony was still emblazoned into his memory even after two weeks. His smile, his laugh, his eyes, his weird beard, the extremely large coat, his hands, his lips—they were all embedded into his brain.
“I have so much, and I want to have this, to have you, god, I love you, you don’t understand.” He breathed in deeply. He didn’t understand what prompted this but he wanted to. “But I’m. I’m a man, with a lot of enemies, Steve, you deserve better. I’m—I’m fucked up, Steve,” he felt something wet on his cheeks.
“That’s just your goody-two shoes talking now, Steve.” Tony murmured, but he didn’t let go. “Too good.”
Steve looked around, thinking that someone was going to target him, or that SHIELD was going to get him, but as he peered curiously, it just seemed like the tower was just closing.
Steve’s eyes widened as Tony pushed him away, as his arms fell to his sides.
And that was how he and Tony spent the hour; where the seconds flew fast, the minutes blurring into one another.
“I’m planning dinner, remember?” Steve said. “Besides, of course I’m yours. We’ve made that promise. Why are—“, he blinked, suddenly realizing something. “You’re jealous!”
“Press, yes,” Steve nodded, and stood up again. “Your eyebrows twitch when you get exasperated by something. I’ve gotten that look a lot of times today.”
I hope I brought this story into a good close.
“Steve, why were you staring at the clock so long?” he whispered tentatively. “…Steve? You can. You can talk to me.”
“You got me on first kiss and you actually tried to do-the-do,” Tony countered, and Steve’s lips were twitching into a grin now. “But I
(It felt like a new day.)
and then it became
Tony clicked his tongue. “I don’t care. I’m hungry, and chocolate can only satiate my hunger for some time. Now,” he gestured towards a building. “Metlife Building, Steve.”
“Where are you going?” Steve curiously asked. “Which hotel are we going to? I hope they aren’t pricey.”
was he going to survive the night?
He just fell, next to Tony, who curled up towards him.
“My dad,” Tony continued, as if that explained everything about him holding dangerous arms at age six. “I’m a genius, through and through. My parents are rich as hell, and any move I did, the cameras followed me. I went to MIT, Massachusetts Institute of Technology. I got my degrees for masters and doctorate, fifteen and sixteen years old, respectively. Physics, mechanical engineering, electrical engineering. I’ve got a BS on thermonuclear physics too, just got that for the hell of it.”
for beer, no, he still had his style) when someone bumps onto him, someone running. More like hitting a bulldozer, because he goes flat on his butt on the pavement and down on his back.
Steve pursed his lips, making Tony look at them involuntarily.
“You like beds better.” Tony waggled his eyebrows, which Steve opted to cover with his hand. He pulled away afterwards, just in time to see Tony smile again.
But since technology was involved (and he’s
He knew he promised Steve that he’d close his eyes, and he did.
Tony didn’t know how to answer, but the feeling that was building up in his chest was too much all of a sudden, and he smashed his lips against Steve’s, as he tried to convey everything, the
he was revealing so much more than anyone else. A laugh escaped out of his lips. “I don’t even know why I’m saying this to you, Steve. I don’t know why. Normally I just go down to my laboratory and hit my machines till kingdom come.”
wearing an inconspicuous coat, shades, rubber shoes, an ACDC shirt and pants. He looked normal, wanted to look normal, because he didn’t need paparazzi hounding his ass just to buy a vodka bottle.
“Like you,” he confirmed, “—and only you. But what keeps me up at night are my inventions… genius, you know.”
you genius—but you’re out of my league, and honestly I don’t know why I’m angry—“
Steve thought, revelling in that fact.
“Nah, I’m alright.” Steve smiled, hefting the bags in one hand. Tony tried not to stare because he
making him smile a little.
Steve paused again, as the first rays of sunlight started to filter in.
A beat, before, “Ugh, you are such an adorable man, I ought to kiss you senseless.”
Tony looked at his hand and tentatively reached for it, and couldn’t help a smile when the man accepted it. “Sunrise, huh? After your little romantic tryst on the tower, I didn’t think you’d even do anything more romantic than that.”
Steve quirked an eyebrow. “Tony, you ordered Chocolate Mousse and Chocolate Ice Cream. You said you wanted to check out the chocolate shop after eating dinner. You thought Ferrero Roche was going to take over the chocolate industry. How am I not supposed to call you one?”
The blond blinked. “What?”
also known as Anthony Edward Stark.
Tony’s lips quirked into a smirk. “I looked great in the coat, but I guess I agree. You, however,” he gestured to his clothing, “—I am actually afraid of. I preferred the tight shirt and the jogging pants. Those looked amazing on you, despite being plain as hell.”
her gaze seemed to say.
“Stop it Tony
Steve leaned down and placed one hand on his chest, just where his heart was, where his arc reactor was. The man didn’t flinch or look curious; no, he just looked even more…
But no, Steve doesn’t deserve that, he deserves to be dated, be loved,
) before kissing him on the cheek.
“Oh, that. I’m really great at it; it’s a skill that you have to wield correctly. Like right now,” Tony shrugged. “You won’t
he didn’t like being ignored, never did, in his childhood. It just pained him that it was
Steve nodded. “Is this the whole group?” He asked, looking around. He was concerned on how they were going to ‘save the world’ just by having four members. The Howling Commandos were a whole regiment, and most of the time, their forces were overwhelmed twenty to one.
Tony bent down to take his hammer and gave the metal in front of him another strike.
Okay no lie, I was in ugly tears at the 7 am part asldjkksad Please tell me your thoughts down below!
And the last few hours trickle on by, as the inevitable end to their night comes in with the sun rising.
Tony. She was the one who filmed us in the café.” Then, after a beat, he muttered, “And she didn’t tell me earlier.”
He berated himself.
Steve laughed. “Right. But I’m serious. You probably could.”
idea.” He turned around and lifted his head. “So, where to, Sir?”
“You really should keep your voice down,” Steve reminded, looking around worriedly, but Tony was on a roll, and that didn’t really stop till he stopped.
of them. How could people like those stuff? It’s not cool. Everyone’s expected to be an adult.”
“Oxygen, carbon, nitrogen…argon…?” Steve tentatively asked. He never was able to get a chance to catch up on science. He didn’t have the money to go to school.
Hell, bring it back. When she first walked into the barracks, he was gone for her.
(“Hey, it’s twelve in the morning! Hah! Good morning Steve!”
“Or something,” Steve admitted, hunching over as if trying to look smaller in his place. Not that Tony noticed, because the man was huge and he was sitting in a chair that was smaller than his shoulder width. “—kind of a relaxing thing to me.”
he thought.
no, that might be over the line of Steve’s sensibilities.
He was so afraid, yet for once in his life, he felt free.
Steve just hummed. Tony pouted. The other man grinned.
They hired the cab, for a change.
Tony found a surge of strength, and he pulled Steve to him, crashing his lips against his.
He received a kiss on the lips, shutting him up. He backed to see Tony’s delighted (and he could read those eyes, and he shivered at what that implied). “I got you, Steve.” He raised his wallet “You’re tense.”
nice to talk to. A bit timid, but he was smart as well, from what his files said; there was also something about being a
Tony offered out his hand, and Steve reached out and took it—and Tony pulled him in, and Steve fell. As if he wasn’t made to fight a war, as if he wasn’t Captain America. As if he wasn’t two-hundred pounds of muscle.
Tony swallowed, clutching the drawing in his hands, letting out a genuine, bittersweet smile.
in the too-tight shirt, so honestly it was both a blessing and a curse.
AND IT'S DONE!!! My first multi-chapter, actually thought out story is done!
twitch my eyebrows.” Maybe he did, but it was very subtle and you had to have some kind of special ability to see it. He gave him the stink eye and looked at the rod of the Empire State Building. “My face is a glass sheet. Smooth. Nothing sways me. I am the definition of a master emotion-cutter, I wield a deadly and quite
Tony raised his hand. His head hurt suddenly. It always did when it was about feelings, especially ever since his heart decided to fail him regularly and had to be powered by the arc reactor. “Shut it. Not a word.”
So he nodded, cleaned up, called for a taxi, and went out.
Steve reached out to put his hand on the nape of Tony’s neck, curling his hand gently around it. He thought about what to say for a moment, and nodded to himself.
At least there would be good alcohol there. And less bulldozing people.
and he suddenly felt himself being dragged, and he let Tony.
to turn on the television to get to know me. I’m going to know your name because I can.” He paused.
feeling again in his chest, something that he associated with Steve now. “We’re going to a building with a great skyline,” Tony smiled wickedly.
call you baby, right?”
in his mind. And now he didn’t know where he was.
He was such a lucky man, no matter how out-of-this-world this experience might be.
“You’re mine, okay?” Tony whispered, and Steve had to look at him to see that there was that
When he looked at Tony, it seemed like he had the same idea. “I’d glad for that to happen,” Tony confessed, “—but—“
He ordered a taxi so he could round the city for a while, before setting on foot; if people saw him stalk out of his tower like a creep, people would inadvertently try to catch him, and then his identity would be outed. He was never good at stealth, anyway, since he couldn’t even change the tone of his voice if he needed too.
Steve wanted to grumble in annoyance, but he was a professional, so he has to keep it easy.
“I think you can find better people to model it, Tony,” he chuckled.
“Oh definitely, I love hugging you like that. As resident Chocolate Connoisseur—“, Tony gestured to his body, indicating Steve’s. “—definitely was a plus. Oh, I also decree that I think you’d go well with vanilla.”
“Just wanted to see that gorgeous face again.” He raised his hand and laid it onto Tony’s cheek. “God, you don’t know how beautiful you are.”
He was just so
“Be safe dude!”
idea, because you are a lost tourist and you couldn’t have known. You don’t even
“I don’t think so.” He answered, curling his over Tony’s neck. “I still have the rotisserie chicken in me, and that apple I had for like, a minute before we left.”
appeal to the future.
“Now you’re just mocking me.” Tony sighed, as he recognized his earlier action. “But fine, I’m going to
. “You can’t just—“, he brought all of the bags and hurried after Tony. “—you can’t just
“Well, you’re a tech-genius, you might.” Steve mused, scratching his chin in thought. “I believe you can do it.”
you chose this setting!”
“You little
Steve gave him an indecipherable quirk to the lips. “Yes, but I’m still a city boy.”
Tony still had his head tilted up, from their kiss, and he had tears streaking down his cheeks too.
Suddenly, a new,
“I thought you were on a first name basis with Natalie.” Tony griped, not looking at him.
nothing for him, because it was basic human decency, but Tony’s been around people who’d rather see people burn than live, so it was a nice change of pace. It wasn’t a big gesture, but Tony always preferred smaller, more meaningful ones, anyway.
He sat on the steps of the Grand Central Terminal, idly watching people around him, not giving a second glance at him. That was the beauty of New York; you’re not the most bizarre thing they would ever see.
and it was because of Steve.
His eyes raked over the clocks of the station; it read 6:34 pm, and he hummed silently to himself. That was a feat; almost half a day was done already and no one was really catching his eye.
Steve stood up and went over the desk in their room, and fished out the hotel ballpen. Tony made an appreciative whistle. “Oh wow, damn. Look at those back muscles. You’re getting me hard again.”
Steve quirked a smile. As he looked at the paper—and whatever the hell was Tony computing now, he didn’t know (but
Hoo boy, just a few chapters more! Hope you're enjoying! Please tell me your thoughts down below! It will be greatly appreciated :D
someone totally wants me.”
“Tony—“, he mumbled, body feeling as if it was on fire.
He felt Steve’s hand grasp him tighter, and he squeezed back in return.
“Thank you, Steve.”
. (Except apparently he can’t flirt with him, so that’s was a downside, but he could adjust. He could adjust.) Also, he was—
He blinked out of his stupor, eyes wide. “W- What?” He stuttered, not expecting Steve to talk.
So they opted to find a café, which in Metlife was still fancily Italian.
“Against all odds?” Tony asked, and he had that beautiful smile now, the real one, the one that he loved.
Steve revelled in this feeling.
(Well, a part of his life. It seemed like Stark Industries was doing quite well, if by going by his update!)
Steve nodded, recognizing the part where Fury would talk about his potential teammates (Clint Barton). His mind flitted by, and he wondered if he could get a pen and paper from another employee, because he wanted to sketch the area.
Steve couldn’t help another smile tug on his lips. (He’s been doing that a lot this night, and it’s only been an hour or two in. How was this possible?) “I totally did not.”
He looked at his chicken tentatively when Tony didn’t answer right away, then just quietly ate his food.
Tony blinked, and then as if that was the funniest thing that had happened to him his whole life, doubled over, clutching his stomach from laughing. Some onlookers became curious, and Steve was rapidly becoming red (from embarrassment or worry, he didn’t know).
Tony blinked, and wiped his eyes with his ridiculous coat sleeves. “What? What about the time machine?”
Steve huffed. “Fine. It’s a
“Damn you, Steve,” Tony whispered, gathering the things as he saw Happy arrive. Every step felt like he was walking in quicksand, ready to fall at any second. For a moment, he thought it wouldn’t end like this, but he knew reality would come crashing down once again.
“God, Tony,” he murmured, looking at the mirror, observing his bloodshot eyes—he was crying? He didn’t know he was crying, not again, not again—“I miss you.”
His sex-driven addled mind dissipated out of existence, and Tony just felt like he had to
His slightly-inebriated (very slightly, he hasn’t even gotten half of the bottle) brain wired into working again just to check if that was the guy earlier, because meeting New Yorkers two times in a row was surprising, since everyone was usually so busy.
“Not like I’ve done this with any other person, so the teasing is kind of full-blown here.” Steve muttered.
“I know.” Tony smiled, a sincere apology on his lips. “Had to lighten up the mood. Not good with feelings, right?”
spending today in some down-in-the-dumps hotel. No, you’re coming with me, in a
heartfelt laugh came out of Steve’s mouth, surprising Tony. He felt alive. Like those—like those plants, that lived under the electric charges of lightning. Tony—he sought out Tony.
“The… clock?”
With that statement, Tony let out the breath that he didn’t realize he was holding.
“I’d say be my guest, but you’re not exactly giving off Belle vibes here; you’re a bookworm, aren’t you?”
“Yeah.” He admitted, watching as Tony’s expression went from curious to… something that made him involuntarily shiver.
It was a wonder that Steve made him believe in being free, for a moment in time.
Steve silently watched Nick Fury walk from each end of the platform he was standing on, perfectly content on sitting down and watching people in SHIELD run their own business. He was officially in his Captain America suit (which wasn’t… what he wore in the past, weirdly enough, it was spandex) and apparently, Fury had started the Avengers Initiative.
“Christ, no, Steve.” He laughed again, and he felt that
“It’s twenty bucks.” The driver called. He handed him a fifty just for the hell of it, and bolted out of the car because he can. He vaguely heard that
He couldn’t help it, but his cheeks reddened, and idly, he suddenly heard Tony’s voice go sharp, the conversation amongst the SHIELD scientists and Bruce cut short. Then Bruce said something again, and it went on.
The man looked defeated, and distraught was visible in every part of his body. Steve felt his heart clench, and he wanted to reach out, but it was obvious that Tony wasn’t done.
The gesture made Steve feel a little funny, because from the few hours that he had been learning about Tony, the man wasn’t tentative nor careful. He didn’t whisper (until it was some kind of innuendo, which, when he got angry with him earlier, were more jokingly placed) and it made him smile, sadly.
that?”
“Stop it.” Steve mumbled, suddenly conscious, promptly ignoring her proposal. “I just want to see him again.”
Steve frowned. “I’m not—“
“I can’t believe it. That was possibly the most romantic kiss I’ve ever had in my life. Do you know that’s a thing because of static electricity? Sparks. Oh my god.” He poked his chest. “You totally planned this!”
person I’ve ever heard say that. Board meetings are the worst!” He looked at his bag and got a gold-wrapped ball. “You want?”
“You like it, big guy?” Tony asked, stepping beside him. “Gorgeous, huh?”
Despite the modern lingo, he understood what that meant, which just meant him look towards the numbers of the elevator as it slowly dinged down to ground level. “I am
type.” He wrapped his arm around the other man’s thin waist, and his other hand settled on Steve’s arm. “And you’re talking to the genius here. I’ve got to communicate with you through another way, you know.”
they totally knew what they were going to do. Hence, Steve being panicky in the elevator. If he wasn’t the one who made the first move—stealing his
Go, Tony Stark charm.
“I’m an inventor,” Tony suddenly said. He led them to an area named Bryant Park. Steve thought it was calm, and befitting the mood. “I create things. Technology is my forte. I made my first circuit board at four. Built my first gun at six.”
“Okay, that’s it,” Steve griped, standing up. “Look—this has been a fine time and thanks I guess for teaching me what Grand Central Terminal is and Chrysler Building and Metlife Building is, but I have to go.”
Tony’s eyes widened, not knowing how to respond.
, that’s a lot of calculations).
By how Steve was keeping his arms at bay at his sides, all bags in both hands—
Then his mind blanked because he tried to push the notion of
Steve couldn’t stop the snort from escaping him now, which startled Maria marginally. “And I told you to stop calling me Captain.”
“Couldn’t you have done like—small talk, Tony,” he almost-yelled. “—I’m, I’m trying here, I don’t know what you’re doing to me, and this day, this day—I kissed you, Tony, and I—
Steve pursed his lips, and Tony wondered if he went over the line of teasing, until his lips quirked into a smile. “Glad I’m of some use, a paparazzi cover. What has my life become? All I wanted to have today was time for myself, yet here I am, a pseudo-guard for a millionaire.”
Steve thought the prospect was fun, but, “I don’t even know your name!” he protested again.
Somewhere between Tony’s blabbering over the guys looks, his mind yelled,
Steve risked a look to Natasha again for comfort (as comforting as a blank stare or a curved smirk could be) but she was looking at the side, lips curling into a
In an impulse, he threw the scotch bottle, devoid of its contents, scattering into bits and pieces of glass. He watched as they covered the floor, as if to represent his life going into shambles.
Steve let the conversation flow, adding his own cents when needed; however, his attention was mostly on Tony, who had yet to speak to him. Steve had tried to make eye contact with him (six times) but he didn’t know how to talk to
Those words haunted his mind for several days, as if it was a promise that he had agreed to but never verbally. The water that cascaded onto his body reminded him of that time, in the hotel, where they spent their last few moments together, Tony cradled into his arms.
swirled in his head before he squashed it down.
the happiest he’s ever been in his whole life.
mouthed towards him.
Tony pursed his lips. “Alright, you got me there, but no. I’m not a chocolate—hey, you distracted me!”
The blond snorted, a smile on his face again. He looked to side as he fished out his own wallet from the back pocket of his jogging pants. “Wow, I didn’t know I was being toured by one of the richest men alive. I’m flattered.”
Then, it was ending—this wonderful thing was ending, and then—
He slowed down from running, breathing in deeply.
Here’s a man who seized Steve’s heart from the past and opened his eyes for the future. Tony was grounding him to the future, and he was so,
The other man sniggered. “Sink-- a
Steve broke the embrace to look at Tony. “You look fantastic, baby. Really, really good. The coat didn’t give you justice. Is this what geniuses wear for casual clothing?”
this day turned itself so fast it’s giving him slow whiplash.
He pulled out his (SHIELD-issued) phone and idly tapped a seemingly random number—for any outsider, it would’ve been. If they knew the backstory of his phone, well, they’d be able to open his phone and then see that he’s had a sketch of the arc reactor as his background. It was taken by Natasha, because she was apparently great at editing stuff. So, that was a win; the sketch looked really great.
That statement echoed in his head again.
She seemed to get the message and walked by his side. “You know,” she murmured as she sat down, “—you could totally confront him, like you confronted me that time.”
Tony patted Steve’s stomach, which made him blush. “But I think I’d have that ingrained in my brain, honestly.”
“I am
Tony stopped, before slumping his shoulders. He laid the paper to the side. “Honestly, I don’t have the heart to search you up, Steve. I—I want to know you when we can be. Together. I want to learn your name when it’s alright and we’re okay.”
Steve hummed as he thought out loud. “Well, from what you let me taste earlier, vanilla
voice entered the room.
“Tony—“
Tony rounded him, closing the elevators and bringing it to ground floor. He closed in towards him, and Steve could feel his breath hitch as the man basically trapped him into the corner, as if he was the smaller one. His blush went haywire as Tony tiptoed, leaned in to his neck, and kissed him there; his hand snaked down to his shirt, and his hand was on his stomach-
“Yeah?” Tony breathed softly, looking up to clear, happy, azure eyes.
“No fair, what?” Tony prodded. “Come on now, I can’t give a guy a compliment? Don’t tell me you’re not the compliment type of guy, buddy, because those arms are to die for. The shirt as well is
and different things, again and again.
“Like me?”
Maybe because he was hungry, and he needs to be satiated. Besides, chocolate and vodka sometimes tasted good together, if you knew what to pair them together.
(Steve fell for him.)
of all things, from the praise Steve gave. “Shut up. It was—it was nothing.”
“Steve.” Tony answered back, a smirk on his face. He turned his gaze to the water, and Steve followed him.
“If it could be washed, or cleaned, I’d clean it.” Steve huffed. He didn’t know what a dishwasher was, but he knew context clues.
(See the end of the chapter for
go down. You are being integrated to the twenty-first century, and we at SHIELD can protect you the most.”
Steve kept his mouth shut. The fact that the man stayed silent made him appreciate Steve even more.
Steve breathed in deeply, eyes open wide, a contented smile setting on his face. “Just thinking about you.” He admitted, sliding a hand over Tony’s back. “And a lot of things.”
“I lost… a lot, two weeks ago.” Steve closed his eyes. They started swaying again. “And I had to go back to my… home, to see if it was the same. A lot changed. Too much. And the people I grew up weren’t… here anymore. So I went somewhere that was vaguely familiar.”
The man cocked his head. “Tony… now who’s tense?”
“Here it is!” Tony spread his arms high. “Look at that view!”
exclamation Tony would probably say, but it never came.
“Go on baby, I have you.” Steve murmured, bringing him to the bed. “I’m here.”
In hindsight, she might’ve been worried for his safety, because he literally stared down potential enemies and threatened them in the party. Sure, it was under sharp eyes and tight smiles, but it wasn’t good. It was never good to goad your enemies.
It’s been more than anything he has, in his life. He reminded him of Peggy. That was… strangely alright.
Tony sucked in his breath at the wording, before relaxing. “Yeah?”
The feeling of being alive.
Tony looked up and let out a chuckle. “I… have no money.”
“Tony Stark attracts trouble: seen together with a new partner! Pepper Potts: have they broken up?”
That was okay. After all of this, Tony would do his best to find him again. He was a billionaire and a genius. Combine them together and he’ll rock the world. He’ll find Steve, and he’ll—
He blinked and willed himself to relax.  “Ah, nothing—nothing important, that is.”
“But will you?” Steve asked softly.
“She—filmed our fight. I. I don’t--- I’m not really well-versed with technology, Tony, but you’ve said that you don’t like being hunted by cameras and people, and you wanted to stay down, and well, I just had to, keep you private, so—erm,” he stuttered nervously.
Steve raised his eyebrows, looked at where his wallet was, and looked at him again. Then as if to mock him, he gestured to the bottle on his hand and the bag of chocolates laying innocently on the crook of his arm.
Steve’s heart stopped, not expecting that he’d be addressed like that. Bruce looked at Tony, surprised at the wording, while Natasha was standing, and already leading Bruce to the side. On the corner of his eyes, he saw Natasha salute him, and Bruce do a confused thumbs-up and a ‘
he reprimanded himself, trying to smother the stupid grin that was slowly forming on his face.
Blue eyes blinked in concern. “Wait,
He flinched when he heard the other man move.
the man? He was so out of it that somehow his senses didn’t register the man in his way. Usually it would’ve been his body angling him to avoid any obstruction) and that did not settle well with him.
But it’s not like it wasn’t believable. Beside him was probably someone who talked like gunfire; he talked, and talked, but he was excitable, and somehow that was endearing.
Steve closed his eyes, intertwining their fingers together. “I love you, okay? Don’t forget that. It even feels like love at first sight. It’s impossible to not love you.”
on how we could meet again, without people hounding us, ever. I’m going to spend the shit out of this time.”
But for some reason—for someone to know him, outside Nick Fury’s influence, felt oddly personal.
These were “down days” costumes; if Crocs weren’t so abhorrent, he would wear them.
he wanted to confess,
They share a kiss, and a whole lot more.
“Widow,” Agent Hill greeted. “I was doing no such thing.”
on his face. Steve had to laugh. “What?”
Steve couldn’t help kissing him again, remembering his previous, sleepless night. He felt that was changing this time around.
Tony snaked an arm around the other’s waist, and sighed, closing his eyes.
I'm deciding to post all chapters, because honestly I really want to share it with all. So, I hope you would all like it :D
Tony snorted out a laugh, and then he was laughing, breaking the peace between them. Steve had a grin on his face.
He couldn’t bear the fact.
She walked over them, siding next to Steve nonchalantly, handing him a chocolate bar out of nowhere, which Steve greatly appreciated. He felt famished, not eating breakfast yet. To Agent Hill however, she said, “Maria, I’m taking over. Fury needs your help.”
“Yes,” he murmured. “Technology is your first and friend and enemy in this century. Wield it and you might start a war for the media.”
Eyebrows scrunched together, as he tried to piece together the rapidly blurring images of his dream. That wasn’t—that wasn’t right. Why is he hunching over? Why’s he going farther?
He grew up waking up at sunrise, but he hated it, because his family was always gone. It meant going to school, and being held back. It meant new things to do, things he hated, and sometimes loved, but generally hated because night time was his ‘prime’ time. It meant classes, it meant meetings, it meant proceedings; it meant being with people who are hungry to pull him down.
The admission felt like he ripped out his arc reactor, tossed it into a sky and played hot potato with it before putting it in his chest again.
Steve!”
The man gave a squirrely smile, like he somehow took his wallet. Tony idly checked his pockets—his wallet was still there, so it just meant that he was just fidgety. The guy didn’t also seem to be innocent enough not to look like a thief, but hey, looks were deceiving.
He was just, so
distinct and really, some people need to get their lives in check because someone almost snapped a picture of him. He was used to it, honestly, but he had a life too.
“Hey, you just saw me eat ten Ferreros and now you call me a Connoisseur?” He harrumphed. “I mean, I do have impeccable taste with sweets, but how dare you for doing so.”
Maybe it was the cool, quiet, New York air, or the magic that he mentioned earlier. But gazing at Tony—Tony, who looked majestic (but he already did, even with the big coat and shades)—made his heart swell, heart full, like the time when he was little and his mother would tell her that she loved him.
“Tony, I’m being serious here.” He muttered, but that was just as far as he reprimanded the other man.
Of course, it was even more magical when you’ve got someone to spend it with.
“Tony,” he warned, but his voice lacked heat.
Steve Rogers was not a weak man, by any margin; he’s faced down so many enemies in war it would take more than being transported into the future to break his will. He was
They called the three o’clock the devil’s hour, and it feels like it was the absolute moment for Tony Stark to snag his companion into a hotel (and god, it still ached him that he couldn’t take him to Stark Tower). He was going to do this greatly, and he was going to put his talent full-blast, devilish moves and wicked smiles all the way.
“God, Tony, you found me,” Steve murmured in between kisses, and he kissed, and he kissed, as if stopping would let them be taken away from each other again. “You found me.”
“You do know Grand Central Station, right?” The other teen—one with bright red hair—asked curiously. “That’s somehow been in your knowledge being a tourist.”
“Hey,” the genius whispered. “When you get to know me, promise me that you’ll still love me?” His hands shook, and Steve took them in his hand to calm him down. “Tony Stark is a big fuck-up, after all. People leave all the time, you know?”
walked next to Nick Fury. Steve, already anticipated the Hulk with the Avengers (because Fury’s opening statement about Hulk was basically ‘you have to find a way to control him to your advantage’)—but when he met gazes with Natasha, he glared; she sent her a wink, mouthing
“I think I am.” He managed to say in contrast to his thoughts. He resumed walking so the other man wouldn’t notice. “What was that you’re saying? The Empire State Building is a lightning rod? How so?”
which, great, Fourth of July and somehow he felt like not celebrating.
“I know who you probably are, Steve!” Tony revealed, and Steve suddenly understood. “And I don’t know if I can take it.  I don’t know,” he shook his head.
turn into
he mused,
An enlightening experience.
Steve huffed out a laugh, but he still wasn’t looking at him.
Steve furrowed his eyebrows, not understanding. “Meetings are nice.”
The man was still deep asleep, making Steve snort
Good god.
“They called me a miracle... I was asthmatic and attracted diseases left and right. Would probably fall victim to the common cold in the past. I had all allergies known to man. My mother had to check everything so I wouldn’t just have attacks left and right.”
Tony looked up to him and kissed him lightly on the lips. “Can you tell me?” He asked, holding Steve’s hands. “And different things in between? I promise I’d keep them secret. No paparazzi will hear them.”
He threw his head back onto the couch with a loud thump.
The effect was heavenly, something that Tony never fully had time to appreciate ever before. It felt like the world was waking up, the sky becoming a mix between a pale yellow and blue mix. Clouds were gaining shape, and jet-streams were prominent in the cool air.
Steve tried to halt his grin, but he couldn’t, because Tony was just so
“I can’t speak right now,
“You were the one who booked the hotel, Tony.” The other man pointed out, and
unfair right now.”
“Staking a claim?” He echoed, raising an eyebrow. “I thought this was ‘our first and last night’?”
that was wreaking havoc on earth, because of the
The brown-eyed man huffed. “Darling, I believe in science, but also, that’s way too much of a coincidence.” Then, his eyes widened. “Shoot! That means we have to get him! He’s going to take over the chocolate industry!”
“—all that time, I was. I was imagining coming home to you, after this. Somehow, I just know, that I belong with you, here.” He murmured truthfully. “And I don’t know how to handle that, but—“
He sighed, putting a hand to his chest dramatically. “Sweetheart, I thought you were, and I quote,
“This isn’t fair again,” he sniffed. “I cry and you wave it away, you jerk, you’ve got to cry too.”
The man gave him a once over—Tony involuntarily gave him a wink, making the man blush bright—before breaking out into a run once more, but more hastily, like he was embarrassed.
Tony hummed, then, “Shit, I’ve got the same sentiments.” He fiddled with his bags that Steve had placed in front of him and brought out a water bottle. “Everything’s been too much, huh? I’ve been wanting to turn back time, too. Not always, but there’s always that thought nagging me at the back of my mind.”
“Thank you for the tour, Tony.”
“Hello to you too, you adorable dork.” Tony laughed, kissing him fully on the lips. He held his face between his hands.
“That was just an example!” Tony raised his hands in the universal motion of surrender. “
Tony’s cheeks burned, and he suddenly felt—felt
it read in Steve’s beautiful handwriting.
“Will do.” Tony nodded, prancing out of the elevator.
Tony huffed a laugh at that, “—was a normal place. It wasn’t overwhelming, for me, I think. But there were so much people, and it reminded me of a different… time, and I was staring at the clock because…”
Tony gave a glimpse of that home when he talked to him. Then he showed him what
Tony blinked. “What?”
diabetic, right? It’s largely genetic too.”
“Damn it, Steve.” Tony couldn’t stop the tears now, and his hands were shaking.
They entered the building, and Tony paid for tickets--
“--you’ve got a storm coming.” Tony was saying. “I’ve got a lot of jokes, right here and right now, and,” at that moment, he squeezed his arm, “—it’s making me feel like I’m staking a claim here.”
“Let me enjoy the view.” He said, staring directly at him, (and his heart skipped a beat,
“The jacket looks good on you,” he said after a minute or so. “I’m glad that you wore it. Your shirt was totally inappropriate the whole time.”
just after his admission.
knowing smile. He was worried for a moment; then, she bent over to kiss his cheek.
“Stark.” Fury called with a deadpan. “How nice of you to join us so early. I didn’t think you’d be here for another, let’s say, hour?”
the one aching right here.”
“Your face did.” Steve pointed out. He wiped his face with the cloth. “It’s easily readable.”
something?”
because suddenly between seducing me you delivered the worst joke in the world!” Tony exclaimed, grinning. “What did you say? Be my
