“Oi, out of there, you,” came a gruff, angry voice Sherlock recognised as the supervisor’s. “What’d you say your name was, again? You say you came here from Barking?”
John made a gesture of surrender and took a long draught of his ginger beer, doubtless to stop himself speaking further, which Sherlock felt was both wise of him, and kind.
It was true Sherlock had frequent, fond memories of their first encounter—how shocked and reticent John had been when Sherlock moved from side-by-side masturbation, to taking John firmly in hand, and finally kneeling between his knees on a hotel bed, licking and swallowing, urgent to taste him.
“I admit by the time I’m walking her to school the last of our mornings, I am rather desperate and perhaps hurry her a bit as a result.” Sherlock laughed at himself, under his breath. “I’ll give it up,” he added, unconvincing and unconvinced.
Despite how easy it had been to predict and elicit, Sherlock nonetheless got a small thrill when his phone almost immediately broke into song, and his screen lit up with
. .—and Sherlock would not let himself acknowledge that the way he was playing, and the way the Brawlers’ offense was doing its best to keep control in the New Jersey end, he might come up with not just a win, but a shutout.
“Right,” John allowed, with knowing sarcasm. “Anyway, if the lump’s still there in a week, have it looked at.”
Three minutes in, the Gold Rush scored on him—one-timer from the hash marks, through a screen. Arguably not a gettable puck. Sherlock turned away from where he knew the TV cameras were trained on him, fired a stream of water from his bottle into his mouth, then spit it, as always. As he settled back into his crease, though, something cracked—or slid out of place—and from that moment on, he was scrambling. A distinct, unnerving sense settled in his limbs and gut that the game was rushing ahead of him, and no matter what he did or thought, no matter how many of his breaths he tuned into, no matter how much resetting he did when play moved away from him, Sherlock could not catch up. He was simply out of sync.
“Past me,” Sherlock corrected. “My father thinks I waste money. I probably do. But it’s mine to waste.”
Much later, on the bus back to the hotel, Sherlock swiped at his phone’s screen, looking for a CRUZR hookup. A midweek night in a relatively small city revealed fewer blue dots on the map than he generally preferred, but beggars, choosers, and so on. He pressed ahead.
Turning the key in the lock still felt like breaking into a stranger’s house—the pale blue door and the stack of buzzer-buttons with strange names beside them, the numbered post boxes and flickering overhead light—a sense of wrongness that was only amplified by the fact of going in alone. Being parted from Rosie for days and nights at a time left John with phantom-limb syndrome—frequent, frantic moments of panic before he remembered where she was. Safe and sound at the place he knew she still thought of as home. This strange-smelling place with its filmy window curtains was her home now, too, but despite John’s attempts to convince at least himself of its long-term if not permanent status, he could see that for Rosie it was merely a placeholder: a life-size diorama of a home, not the real thing.
There was a very specific sensation of peace inside Sherlock’s chest just then, one he had not felt often enough in recent years, and it reminded him of John, his colleague and friend. Partner. It was as if he had inhaled all the clean air of the world, and now could just go on sighing it out forever. He hadn’t realised he missed it. Regardless:
John cradled Sherlock’s jaw in one rough-gentle hand, sighing in an entirely different way, all the while Sherlock fervently loved him.
—had eventually transformed, though, from Just What Must Be Done into repeating, stinging reminders that Sherlock would only ever be listed in the secondary space.
Sherlock only said, “I’ll be in touch,” though of course it was a lie. He’d already forgotten the man’s real name, had mentally added SlimNotShady to his list of CRUZR never-agains. Slightly unfortunate; it had been rather good and Sherlock could imagine a time when the particular variety of sex they’d had might suit his mood. But the rules ruled; if anyone knew that, it was him.
Sherlock considered it as quickly as he could. John was the one man in the world who was one-hundred percent on Sherlock’s side, but the fact was Sherlock’s on-ice struggles embarrassed him. He didn’t want John to see him at less than his best. John looked at him then, and Sherlock found he couldn’t say no.
“Dance with me,” he said, and took hold of Jordan’s elbow, gently pulling him toward the dance floor.
“Indeed.” Sherlock’s own smile was irrepressible; the preceding hours comprised all the best things about casework: cornering a criminal; a bit of a chase (on foot, hence his ruined shoes); a clap on the back from DCI Lestrade; and the ever-capable and sturdy John Watson at his side. Without waiting for a response to his offer, Sherlock poured whisky, then carried both glasses to the sitting room and lowered himself into his chair. As his back settled against the cushion, John arrived to claim his drink, and in another moment there they were, facing off beside the fire.
“You’re incredible,” he said, exasperated and impressed. Aroused. Sherlock smirked and looked away, out the window. John’s hand was on the move, fingers and thumb massaging, pressing in hard so as not to tickle. It was as good a way as any to distract him from any more talk of the elder Holmeses, and Sherlock would happily take an ardent foot rub along with his sense of relief.
. But most important was that Rosie wouldn’t have a dad who ran straight into the heart of other people’s trouble, sometimes emerging out the other side with a black eye or having had a pistol too-recently aimed at his racing heart. John was right; Sherlock’s marriage to his work had no room in it for children. The price he’d paid for the legwork that went with his brainwork was to suppress whatever longing he had to make Rosie his own—the frequent, nagging irritation in his chest that something wasn’t quite right in his world. Most of the time it felt like a suitable trade.
“Like you, then,” John humoured her. Under his breath he added, “Practice right in the middle of the dinner hour, no doubt.”
A heartier laugh from John, who knew he was being baited to probe for further details. “Just their shoes?” he asked dutifully.
“Love fucking you,” Sherlock barely gasped out, and then he was coming in harsh waves that made him shudder, his phone abandoned on the bed beside his shoulder, and he moaned, lost in the dream of driving himself between John’s upright thighs. The sounds John made during his own orgasm inspired a final quivering shudder through Sherlock’s body, and at last he fell limp against the mattress.
At last, blue light from beneath the keypad, and a welcoming triple-chirp, and John pulled the door handle before time ran out. Sherlock groped John through his trousers on the whole, long ride up in the elevator, even as John protested against the side of Sherlock’s throat that there was probably a security camera.
“It’s lovely. Where is it?” Sherlock agreed, and he couldn’t help but imagine John in various arrangements on the bed or the chaise, or on a blanket on the sand. Sherlock’s diet would have to stay dull, and he’d have to avoid alcohol for a few weeks, but at least his most decadent desires could be indulged at will, with no risk of harm to his conditioning. Might even burn some extra calories.
John kissed his chin, made a rumbling annoyance of the mattress as he rose and made his way to the bath. Sherlock began to feel the chill in the air that hadn’t mattered before, and longed for the quilts but couldn’t bring himself to retrieve them. The twilight of sleep, mind empty, body freed of all tension, was too delicious to abandon. A wet warmth pressed into his palm, and he swiped at the worst of it, thought the gooseflesh that rose on the damp places was almost worse than the sticky streaks that would have dried before too long. He dropped the towel to the floor as John dragged up the bedclothes to cover him, and dug his nose into the pillow, awaiting the return of John’s warm, naked body into the bed so Sherlock could nuzzle up to him in the last moments before sleep took him.
Once he’d recovered, John stretched out beside him and Sherlock rolled toward him, and they nuzzled each other’s faces, quick-kissing now and then, kept at it for long minutes, basking in the glow of no one having to make excuses to get up and leave. Even in yet another strange bed, in another strange room, in a flat that held none of their things—no memories of them—Sherlock was acutely aware they were precisely where they belonged.
“To put them on a senior-citizen package bus tour with stops at casinos and a far-out-of-town Broadway tryout?”
“She was weepy off and on all night,” John confirmed. “At the appetizers-and-speeches thing before the game, too.”
“It’s on the other side of the island. Sounds far but of course you can walk there in less than ten minutes. Classic disco, not my favourite, but it’s friendly.”
“You don’t have to watch her every second,” John told him. Sherlock glanced his way and John half-smiled to show he wasn’t criticising; Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at him and John looked away. “One of the perks of her getting older is that we can trust her not to do a runner. When she was two and three, remember we each had to stand by a gate to be sure she didn’t go greet a dog or take herself home?”
“If typing on a computer is going to be your new definition of fun, we need to discuss a few things,” Sherlock joked.
“It also needs wind and pollinators,” she said. “With only water and sunlight it will grow, but it can’t make usable seeds on its own.”
“The silence right after that, maybe,” John joked grimly. “No, as a matter of fact it’s 300 youth and juniors players lining up to get free gear and autographs in an empty basketball arena.”
Sherlock crouched and narrowed his eyes as play moved toward him, a slow-paced ebb and flow as his team passed around the neutral zone, losing the puck then regaining control only to have it poked away or have a pass intercepted. Soon enough there were red sweaters flying his way, Brawlers in white giving chase and setting up to defend him.
After another few moments John finally gave up on any attempts to repress his amusement and said, “By the way, you’re lucky it’s not you that’s on fire, with your gown flapping about. Take that off. And put on some shoes; what if you drop a knife?” John invaded Sherlock’s space and took over the preparations for the jam. Sherlock looked cowed and shed his robe, then crossed the room and slipped his feet into a pair of his million-pound designer wingtips. John watched out the corner of his eye. “Where’s the candy thermometer?” John demanded, looking for it inside the previous pan.
“Maybe another time,” Sherlock said, and gave another off-putting smile. John thought he would rather be shot in the other shoulder than have to go through this humiliation again; he would not be asking Sherlock Holmes to a movie, a concert, or a walk in the park, ever again.
A not-terribly crafty way to say his wife wouldn’t be suspicious. Sherlock wondered if he felt sorry for her, whoever she was.
—which is well-reviewed as both hilarious and heart-warming. Bonus datum in favour: sweets and popcorn for lunch.” He squared himself to Rosie, her boot-clad feet hanging well above the rug and her head resting well below the back edge of the chair, and clasped his hands at his chin.  He narrowed his eyes. “Which will it be?”
Sherlock’s walk to the bathroom let him know he’d drunk his full, and then some. His ears were hot, but he felt easy and couldn’t bring himself to worry much about hearing from coach Lestrade. Back in bed, he wrapped the duvet around his head, dug down deep into the bedding, and counted backwards by sevens, not for long, until he drifted off.
“John,” he said, and rolled to his side, groping for John’s body, catching him by the hip and chin. “My very dearest John.”
“Oh my god,” Kim exclaimed in an excitedly high pitch. John threw a puzzled glance Sherlock’s way; Sherlock shrugged.
The Brawlers were good on offense, and Sherlock had not been very busy in goal through most of the game; one of the two goals the Hornets put in was a power play goal, deflected off a Brawler’s skate in front of the crease—a weird, lucky goal; essentially unsaveable—which Sherlock could not be angry at. The second came on a set play, fired by a defenseman with a notoriously fast, accurate slap shot. Sherlock thought he should have been able to save it, but there were bodies in his way and the puck came at him crazy-hard, a shocking black blur arriving low on his glove side. He’d look at tape later before passing judgment on whether or not it had been gettable.
Ryan crushed toward him like a moving wall, but just as he crossed the hashmarks, the Demons big centerman caught an edge and went down onto his side, unable to slow his forward momentum, sliding wildly across the ice. Sherlock knew what was coming and braced himself; despite expecting it, the loud, gunshot crack of Ryan’s shinbone hitting the metal goal post was shocking. Sherlock’s head felt light and he swallowed bile.
“Absolutely not,” John said on a gust of breath. His cheeks were more pink, less pale, and Sherlock thought the threat of an imminent faint had passed. “Here, let’s do your picture.” He pulled Sherlock by the elbow and arranged them side by side with their backs to the wide-open vista of trees and blue sky, one hand wrapped firmly around the handrail on the cliff side of the wooden catwalk. Sherlock drew his phone from his pocket and got the shot of the two of them, smiling, standing together in the sky.
“Let’s not traumatise the driver,” Sherlock said at last, suppressing mischievous laughter and a semi-erection. He sat back but left his hand on John’s thigh, tracing mismatching circles with the tips of his fingers along John’s inseam.
Minutes later, his slicked-up palm was loose-wrapped around his prick and dragging, and he’d come to rest on a vision of himself naked on his back (he bent his knees and raised them, thighs apart to accommodate a sweating, rutting phantom between them), his neck cranked to one side, face pinned hard beneath a splayed hand that would deform his lips, press hard on his closed eye so he saw amorphous bursts of colour behind his lid.
John went into the bath and Sherlock flicked his eyes open just to look at the same old pictures on the wall opposite the foot of the bed, soft-lit through the frosted glass of the bathroom door. He sniffed and rustled his hair against the pillow, to not hear, to not think of John with his trousers open, just the other side of the door. He recalled silent, glaring mornings spent trying to stay out of each other’s way, taking it in turns, no shared mirror while they both shaved, no one at the sink while the other showered. Closed doors that would have once been left open, symbolic of their breakdown.
Sherlock’s shoulders ached, and his prick ached, and he couldn’t lift his hips to meet John’s hectic, heavy thrusting, so only hooked an ankle behind John’s calf to keep them close.
“Have you got any children?” Sherlock asked, leaning close and squinting at her as if in the midst of interrogation. Rosie giggled.
Sherlock lifted his eyebrows. Still looking at John, he gestured for him to sit while simultaneously saying, “Watson, perhaps you should use the toilet before you go.”
. No need to waste future time searching, somewhere else, hurried and insecure, when he knew he could get it just like that, just to have it, just in case.
Sherlock heaved a great sigh, forehead weighty against the palm of his right hand while he tried to steady the left enough to dip his pen into the pot of ink on his desk.
, this meeting was torture on multiple levels, and what had Sherlock done to deserve being cast into such a hell? At least some of whatever it was, he’d gladly do again), and went straight from Lestrade’s office in the Garden to the practice arena across the street. Surely there’d be someone there—some of the women players whose home arena it was, even an equipment guy, anyone who could skate and shoot—who could fire a few at him. He had an excess of weird energy to burn.
Sherlock turned forty-three in a bus garage in Hounslow, dressed in high-vis coveralls, wearing ten days’ growth of beard and using a northern accent only when it became strictly unavoidable that he speak at all. His brother’s deadly dull embezzling/trafficking case had been put to the side in favour of the much more compelling bus-bombing conspiracy. Time being of the essence, a deep dive in an easy disguise was the best use of his time and skill, and within an hour of his arrival he had followed threads of stilted, overheard conversation; furtive body language; and oddly-timed tea breaks to three likely infantrymen in whatever guerrilla army it was that planned to explode half a dozen city buses across London over the course of three-quarters of an hour. With one eye on his wristwatch and the other on the parts-department’s main entrance, he circled a bus with an eye to anything minute, stuck-on, wireless, as he surmised an un-jammable communication system wherein each bomb and its detonator were planted on separate rigs, lest a single failure subvert the entire mission.
“There’s no reason on earth you couldn’t make arrangements for someone to do all these chores they save up for me. A handyman. Weren’t you shagging a migrant labourer last year?”
John nodded, though his facial expression indicated he was ill-inclined to fully accept Sherlock’s line of argument. He looked weary. “You know what I’m going to say.”
“I was about to say I’ll get you the things to make up the sofa, but I’d much rather you come to bed with me.”
As he unlocked the door to their rented flat, John asked, “Oh—are you hungry?” He smirked, as if he was in any way willing to be put off from the promise of sex after so many days apart. “I could make you something.”
“We’ll pencil in a start for you when we get out west. Six games between now and then. Focus up, no risk of getting hurt, or of damaging your stats. . .just do the work and I know you’ll be ready.”
Sherlock needlessly smoothed the front of his suit jacket and went to answer the door. John stood in the middle of his single room, feeling a bit swept up in Sherlock’s current, though he couldn’t say he minded. It was something to do.
Sherlock ducked to receive helmet-bumps, got a few solid shakes and thumps square on top, where the rose-eyed skull was painted on the roof of his mask. He didn’t smile, but that was not much new. Down the tunnel, into the room, and once he’d shaken his hands free of blocker and glove, and ditched his mask on the bench in front of his locker, he went into his duffel for his phone.
Sherlock slid and picked the sturdy, engraved business card off the slick-polished surface of Mycroft’s massive desk, tucked it between the notes in his money clip to keep it secret and safe.
“Where are you staying?” Mr Holmes asked, nose wrinkling behind the wire nose-bridge of his spectacles.
“Pity,” Sherlock commiserated; it really was. He had at last fully unwound, but John had never seemed to, sometimes stealing glances at his phone, checking email and texts when he thought Sherlock wasn’t looking. Sherlock offered, “I know you’ve been thinking about work.”
“Yeah, no, I’m good,” George replied, balling up his fists and shoving them into the front pocket of his pullover sweatshirt. “Not catching.”
LoPresti would get the next four starts, full stop, no chance of Sherlock stepping back in as lead goaltender during any of those games. During his early-morning meeting with the coach, he was once again instructed to check in with Whitehouse for some conditioning, Raynham for goalie-coaching, and Lestrade made a valiant attempt at building him up rather than berating him. Sherlock felt certain he would have been more comfortable taking heat; something about his coach’s reassurances and expressions of confidence made him uneasy. Lestrade’s reminders that Sherlock was one of the reasons he’d taken the job as Brawlers’ head coach, and that
Sherlock played at having to weigh up his decision, casting a faux-dismayed glance at the sink full of dirty dishes. “But there’s this mess,” he protested, already taking a step toward the bedroom despite it.
Sherlock squared himself, took a step toward the agent, still on the other side of the room, now swiping his phone rather than talking into it. “Wonder if you’re free to show us a few more later this week? Say, Friday?”
Sherlock hid his shock in his napkin, rubbing it roughly against his lips before balling it up and dropping it on his plate. He had been anticipating rough treatment, the scalding humiliation of a demotion—however temporary—to be served in a perspiration-free sweater at the far end of the Brawlers’ bench. And here came his coach wearing kid gloves, stroking him, coddling, trying to brace him up despite the obviousness of his ongoing, irreversible collapse. He’d have rather the former. It was more embarrassing to be placated and patronised than it would have been to be picked apart and shamed. His performance did not rate encouragement; Sherlock deserved—and would have welcomed—a beating.
High summer, the air too still to allow them much motion, a moon-dark night and a sky riotous with stars. John lay on his back on top of a checkered picnic rug he’d pilfered from the linen press, assuming (probably rightly) that Molly would forgive him adding to the laundry chores once he’d brought her a bouquet and shuffled apologies. Sherlock had started out seated on the wrought iron bench John had installed at the edge of the burial plot, but eventually had been persuaded down onto the blanket, but refused to recline and so sat upright with the bench-edge bisecting his spine. John’s head rested on his thigh, and they spoke in hushed voices. The lantern he’d carried to light their way sat dark and cold beside them.
John looked pleased. He was easy to please. Not due to lack of discernment, nor some failure of imagination that made him think anything out of the ordinary was automatically impressive, but only because he seemed, recently, predisposed toward contentment. Sherlock welcomed this happy-go-lucky attitude but would not go so far as to credit its existence to his own. To their partnership, perhaps. Regardless of the root, the bloom was John’s freely-given, frequent smiles, and Sherlock was glad when the sun turned them his way.
The inquiring intonation at the end of her sentences was new; Sherlock was running analysis on the media she consumed regularly, hoping to pin it more on mimicry of pre-teen actresses on television than on some crisis of confidence in a girl who had no reason to think she was less than the Platonic ideal of a child. Her schoolmates were always a graph-wrecking variable; there were so many of them, two dozen control groups of one, and they morphed unapologetically—almost daily—into entirely new data sets. The gingers were particularly problematic.
“There are seventy-three. Only because I ran out of time, today being the first of December.” John held one tiny one between his thumb and forefinger, touched its pointed corner to the center of Sherlock’s lower lip, which made him smile.
“Of course I wish I hadn’t had that crash. A concussion was my dealbreaker, but I can’t say I don’t wonder if I’d have played one or two more if that hadn’t happened.”
“Love having you,” John told him, and released him long enough to slick his own cock, and a moment later he was thrusting his hips hard against Sherlock’s, his thighs tensing against the insides of Sherlock’s own, stroking himself against his hand and Sherlock’s cock. “Love fucking you. You like it.”
Sherlock fiddled with the steamed-milk contraption, at the edge of the kitchen, nearest the sitting room. “I love Christmas,” Sherlock said. “Always have. I have always tried to make a beautiful, perfect holiday. Decorating, sending notes, a party with lovely food and drink and tolerable people.”
John’s face tingled, and he bit his numb lips. Ridiculous time for a panic attack, but his body was throwing up flags at him that one was imminent.
He sat upright enough to refill his wine glass, cycled through television channels until he landed on a largely terrible film about a successful but unmarried woman having a baby with her gay best friend. Sherlock felt nothing but disdain for the man; why weigh oneself down when one’s life could be nothing but fun, much like Sherlock’s own. It was a tolerable distraction—mostly he was interested in the wine, which was local and not terribly bad given the short season—though eventually Sherlock’s mind did begin to wander, and where it wandered was out the door of his bedroom, through the sitting room to the closed bedroom door of third-line right wing Alex George, the adulterous, overgrown boy Sherlock had the bad fortune to be paired with for road trips.
Empty bottle and John had to stick his feet out the bottom of the blankets because they were too warm. Closed his eyes--room spinning--no good--opened his eyes. Turned over and pondered vomiting. Rode it out.
Thank you for reading and for all the kind and generous comments. I appreciate you more than I can say.
Sherlock held the back of one hand in the palm of the other, in front of his waist. He longed to match John shout for shout, but controlled his voice. “Of course, I inquired about it. Called the solicitor. But I only wanted to be sure—”
"The Yips" is a term used to describe a player's fine-motor skills inexplicably collapsing for reasons not related to injury (in other words, it's more likely a psychological condition). Some players are able to overcome a case of the yips and return to their previous level of play; others never do, and their careers are ended by it.
A foot stroking his ankle, the perfect curve of his bum beneath a roving hand, and the long slide down the back of his thigh, fingers tucking in behind his knee and pulling to draw it up between, a tangle of legs that allowed them to be closer, chest to chest, with hands between. A gentle swirl and a soft digging-in to the hair around his prick, accidental-on-purpose sweep of fingers over the skin of his length, already half-hard, and knowing just the way to please him.
Mercifully sensitive to John’s sorry state, Sherlock declined a cup of tea after dinner and invited John to join him for port in his room. No sooner was the door latched shut than John was pulling off his boots, even peeling off his socks, and stretching himself as long as he could go, down the length of Sherlock’s bed. He adjusted the pillow beneath his neck and would have closed his eyes except that he liked to watch Sherlock remove his coat and unfasten his cuffs, remove the necktie and collar, until he had softened as if on a long exhale. His own Sherlock Holmes, with his shoulders at ease and his pipe between his teeth as he puff-puffed to get it going.
“I’ll talk to her tonight.” It was John’s day to pick her up from school, his day off from clinic work.
“I’m not gonna scratch you, or put you on leave, nothing drastic,” coach Lestrade assured him as they faced each other down across his desk. “I’m not worried. I know exactly who you are and I know I can depend on you. If things are rough, just get back to basics.”
“Watson, how lovely!” the lady of the house gushed, clasping her hands together in front of her chest. “Your impeccable eye for beauty hasn’t failed you.”
The puck hit his blocker exactly where he expected, and he flung it aside, but where he expected Kocur to be, there was a Sacramento forward who skated the puck quickly around the net and tried for the wraparound. Sherlock made a pad save, but his knee torqued so he couldn’t get centered, and the Rush put one in over his shoulder, right in the center of the goal up high; Sherlock heard it ring the cross bar.
Sherlock shifted his gaze up and out the window. The ecstasy he’d taken in the Caribbean—which now seemed impossibly distant in both time and location—had been a risky mistake, he knew, and he’d berated himself even as he marveled at the fact of no subsequent drug hangover.
John laughed. “Sometimes I wish I could. Did you know going from six hours a day of full-on exertion to an hour at the gym or a five-mile run doesn’t balance the billion calories I’m used to eating every day?”
“Oh, you’re not alone,” John told him with a laugh. He cleared his throat. “I’ve a plan to watch the sun set from that deck out there; tonight’s our last chance.”
“Did he finger you?” Sherlock wanted to know. He could imagine John’s hips rocking in time, the flex of his calves as he held his legs bent back at the knees.
“Oh, yes,” Sherlock assured. “How good it was to get your big cock in my mouth. I wanted to make you come.” John kissed him, returned the favour of a wandering hand, wrapping his perfect fingers around the rapidly-plumping shaft of Sherlock’s prick.
“Feel free,” was Sherlock’s reply, and he kissed John where he could, jaw-edge and stubbled throat. He unraveled himself to stand, shuffled to the bath to fetch a towel. While John mopped up and rearranged his clothes—buttoning his shirt, drawing his trousers up from his ankles—Sherlock shed what remained of his own and traded them for a pair of Brawlers-logo warmup trousers and a polished-cotton dressing gown, left open. Eventually, he found his phone abandoned on the floor under the corner of his favoured leather armchair, and curled up there to study his calendar.
George snorted a half-laugh at the mild joke. “Seriously, this conversation never happened. I’m just.” He gestured vaguely with one hand in the air. “Whatever. I’m cool.”
On nights when they were at home together, John was his true north, the star by which he could navigate, steady and sexy and witty and kind. Being with John was the one and only easy thing in his life, and the ease made Sherlock lazy and slack; while he lay awake for maddening hours in hotel rooms, in their flat he felt nearly narcoleptic with a need to catch up on missed sleep. He dozed on the sofa, in his chair, on the bed when he was meant to be listening to the details of John’s day, watching tapes of his old games, dinner and a movie under the quilts with John’s bare foot resting on Sherlock’s calf. He apologised and John said he understood, didn’t mind, and shrugged it off. Sherlock counted the condoms and packets of slick in the bedside drawer, hated himself for it because of course he could just ask. Anyway, John had once made some comment that indicated he preferred to keep their flat their own. But Sherlock didn’t ask, and he didn’t know why he didn’t ask.
“Not really. Though,” Sherlock tilted his head. “I do have something you might be able to help me with. Sure to be mentally challenging. Possibly dangerous.”
“Time’s it?” John pushed at his head, flinched from the tickling of Sherlock’s hair against his skin.
, had doubtless been carefully chosen to delight him, lay behind pale blue curtains, mumbling his name while he used two long fingers to count the cigarettes left in the packet inside his coat. The women, annoyingly, did not notice. Sherlock scowled more elaborately on subsequent passes.
Sherlock shifted his bags and John heard bottles rattling. Decided to make a cup of tea. He wondered why Sherlock had not yet gone upstairs. After another half-moment, Sherlock asked, “Do you like paté?”
“Something I’ve been wanting to bring up,” he began, and John instantly looked concerned. “Ahh,” Sherlock said, and cleared his throat with no need to.
“Looking forward to seeing you play,” John told him. “Thurston texted asking if we want to meet up for breakfast before the bus leaves.”
Sherlock nodded. Over the years he’d come to know just how bothered John was by such cases. Abused children, addicted or otherwise troubled parents, having to call for the social worker. Once Rosie was born, his every nightmare had shifted from the scarred and bloodied children of war to the battered and bashed ones in his exam room. Flashbacks, all the same.
Sherlock hummed acquiescence and nodded his head against the pillow. John shifted angles to duck down and catch the side of Sherlock’s neck between his teeth. He bit down hard enough to make Sherlock jump, struggling. The shock was like a white flash of furious heat beneath his skin, forehead to chest, belly and bollocks and making his thighs shake and thrum.
“Ah, here he is now,” Sherlock said, as soon as John crossed the threshold. Rising to greet him, Sherlock mouthed,
“Can you call Sherlock and ask him to go look and see if Lulu’s playing? Then if she is, we can hurry up and get dressed and go there very quickly.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock said, but he pulled the collar of his coat down in back, leaned a bit to his left. They still remembered all the steps. With three fingers straddling the border of Sherlock’s neck and his over-long hair, John sought and found a bump no bigger than a marble in the middle of a sizable haematoma, judging by the way Sherlock sucked his breath and flinched away from the touch. “Tender there?” John asked.
“My wife had our baby this afternoon. Like four hours ago,” LoPresti reported. “I’ve been awake for two days; I’m wrecked.”
“I think your father wants sausage for supper. I’ve potatoes I can fry,” Mrs Holmes reported, peeking into cupboards and the fridge. “Or would you rather rice?” Her tone indicated she thought rice was a very outré choice indeed, the kind of exotic side dish her wealthy, North American prodigal son must enjoy.
“Impossibly so,” Sherlock replied, and pulled John close, settling his knees into the seafloor’s silky sand. They kissed and caressed and it ended with soft laughter, mischievous as if with a shared secret. Sherlock looked around. “No one can see,” he ventured.
“If you need any feedback, you know where to find me,” John grinned at him. Curse his glossy hair that John wanted to shove his fingertips through. His shiny shoes on the long, pretty feet he was always baring. Curse his wrists, too.
“Oh. Watson,” he whispered through a dry mouth, tongue fat and sticky with the previous night’s liquour-leavings and that morning’s rushing bile. What was left of the bottle of Scotch whisky he had pressed into the hand of one of the younger footmen with an order to pour it out on the ground behind the stables and never let it return to his sight. Doubtless the boy had smuggled it back to his own bedroom, to share later with other young men during late-night cards games, but the importance of never smelling or seeing it again outweighed Sherlock’s insistence on obedience from the staff.
“I’ll finish it tonight,” the man said, dismissively, without looking at him. He stretched out his hand and John turned up his palm to catch the offered box of matches. “Thanks for that.”
As was their custom, the two tucked into their meal with all haste, and Sherlock managed the exertion required to work the remote, settling on a programme featuring over-the-top luxury vacation spots, from ice hotels draped with fur rugs and blankets, to gilded Parisian apartments with butler and staff included. Side by side with their knees touching, they leaned over food in plastic trays, the chopsticks cheap and splintery.
Sherlock looked at the ground ahead of him as they walked, could feel John’s gaze on him. “It was just too easy,” he said. “And some in-built masculine need for territorial pissings reared its head, I suppose.”
“So with your limp,” Sherlock concluded, motioning at him with an iced ginger biscuit in the shape of a reindeer’s head. “A new belief to replace the one you had that your leg bothered you.”
The Demons got the puck away from Bouchard, and play headed back toward Sherlock. He set his stance, crouching and gliding forward of the line. It was still early in the second, 1 – 0 in favour of the Brawlers, but New Jersey was getting something going, working furiously to get the tying goal. Their star center and captain, Wes Ryan, a nine-season veteran, was tall and quick, with long strides that carried him with furious speed across the blue line and into the Brawlers’ defensive zone. His left wing had control, dangling near the top of the dot so Ryan and Marsden could set up a triangle and get some shots in before Boston’s D arrived to prevent them from scoring. Sherlock shifted to his glove side, anticipating a pass to Ryan and a wrist shot, probably top shelf.
Sherlock strode to the next corner, keeping one eye on the second car as he scanned the road for a taxi. He waved and ducked inside, showed an impressive amount of cash in the rearview and told the driver to follow the blue Mercedes, not too close.
Another hungry kiss, and Sherlock’s prick was already straining against the front placket of his trousers, and their breath came hotter, and John scraped teeth against Sherlock’s jaw before rolling away to make room to undress. As he opened all the too-many buttons of his own suit and shirt, John stood by the edge of the bed, staring possessively as Sherlock ran his hands down his chest, adjusted his erection—which only made it worse—or better—aching more—flooding hot—and John hummed encouragement enough that Sherlock opened the zip and the hook, pressing the edges of the fabric back and drawing out just his cock from inside.
Sherlock was clearly used to people doubting him and readily replied, “I have a foolproof memory-organisation tool called a--” he huffed again and shook his head. “Nevermind. I remember things.” He began banging about in his cupboards, replacing the sauce pot with another, slightly smaller one, and reaching for a glass cannister full of sugar.
As he was already in his date clothes, and newly flush, John thought he might take himself over to the pub, and then to a movie. He kept thinking it until he reached the lower landing, but then let himself into his flat, shut the door behind him, and opened his laptop. He decided to find a new flat; with any luck, he could be out of 221C Baker Street--and out of the orbit of the unattainable Sherlock Holmes--by Christmas.
Sherlock was still adjusting to visiting his young friend only once a month, instead of the weekly visits he’d enjoyed for the previous few years. Jeremy’s parents had at last risen to the top of a waiting list for a particular private school’s day program, one they’d been trying to get Jeremy placed in for the best part of three years. His mother Beth had done a commendable job assembling educational, therapeutic, and social supports for him in the meantime, but even Sherlock—an outer-circle friend of the family—had known it was a source of enormous stress for both parents. Once Beth had shared the news, during one of his Tuesday morning visits in late July, Sherlock made sure to call the school and arrange to assume responsibility for the finances—anonymously, of course. The embraces he got from the Porters the following week told him they suspected he was their benefactor, but it wasn’t discussed, which suited Sherlock just fine.
“No, I wasn’t. I mean,” he forced a sort of half-laugh, another shrug of the shoulders. “Just thought it could be fun to not go on my own for a change; I always feel a bit daft laughing at a movie by myself.” Shrugged again. “It’s fine.”
John rose from the chair and went rather automatically with his empty glass to the sink, where he turned on the cold tap before he remembered he was a guest. “Oh, do you mind. . .?”
Sherlock offered a knowing smile and reached to shed his jumper; beneath it was a white t-shirt that clung, and his belly skimmed bare as the fabrics tugged against each other. As he slid a palm along his abdomen, the hem of the t-shirt riding his wrist upward, Steven stroked his beard, staring, but his tone was mildly acidic. “
Mycroft accepted the page and scanned it, scowling. “I assure you, not a single one ever has. But I understand your meaning.”
Sherlock hummed. His late brother in his teens was tall and slender, with a sturdy neck and dark hair that waved across his forehead even though he kept it short in an effort to tame it. This far into the photographic record there were fewer and fewer pictures of him, almost none of Mycroft. Finnish landscapes, bunches of strangers who must have been students and friends of Sherlock’s mother. Sherlock, small and serious, forced to pose beside Christmas trees and fence-gates. Medium-sized in his hockey gear, crouched in front of his net. Lanky and beginning to at last resemble himself in his late teens, sprawled on an orange-flowered sofa with a book in one hand.
Groaning in a wholly different manner than he had done not ten minutes earlier, Sherlock stroked a hand firmly up the length of John’s arm. “I have to get to the rink.”
Someone had slid the post under John’s door while he was at the library. He’d thought the change of scenery might persuade him to concentrate more profoundly on finishing the online application for an NHS position though in the end he’d found a comfortable chair by an upstairs window and read half a Roddy Doyle novel.
By the time Sherlock heard John’s footfalls descending the stairs, he had finished the washing-up and was in his chair with the file folder full of newly-squared-up papers, bare toes of his right foot wriggling into and out of the carpet.
“And so am I.” Sherlock reached for him, and John stepped up into his embrace, which was crushing, and accompanied by another firm kiss in his hair, then on the tail of his eyebrow, his cheek, and finally his mouth. They lingered in it for a few moments, then reverted to Sherlock just holding him. John’s hands were clasped at the small of Sherlock’s back. “Well done,” Sherlock told him. “It was a truly magnificent career.”
“Shut off the lights at least!” George called after him, as Sherlock slammed the door behind him. He went straight to his own room, through to the bath, and ran the hot tap to wash his hands. His urge to lick and sniff was rampant and disgusting. Dropping the torn-apart paper wrapper from the small bar of soap into the sink, he scrubbed and scrubbed, even digging in the tips of his fingernails and scraping them full. By the time he was done, his hands were bright red and stinging.
He was already putting it on by the time he caught himself. “But,” he started, keeping at the zip despite his conditioned refusal reflex. “Where are we going?”
“Some people would say three,” John told him, and traced the perimeter of his face from brow to cheek to chin, then up around the other side. “I’d say seven.”
The tone of the teacher’s voice communicated concern over what they were about to be handed, and Sherlock felt a thrill of anticipation but schooled his expression to minimise the appearance of condoning outrageous behaviour. He arranged a frown, thinking it might spare him, but suspected no matter what came of the meeting John would somehow blame him for Rosie’s troubles.
John would by then have ordered a top shelf whisky, and food to be brought out later, only after he was certain Sherlock had settled in. They’d talked the situation up one side and down the other, both of them were as sure as could be that Sherlock would get seamlessly back to work. But Sherlock knew John well enough by now to know he would have to see it to truly believe it.
“The crown prosecutor. I’ve been hired to find evidence the police are too lazy and slack-jawed to procure as they build a case against this surgeon.”
“Good then.” Sherlock sighed, and John took hold of his other foot, firmly pinching and releasing his Achilles tendon, then digging into the flat of his heel with strong thumbs.
Sherlock considered finishing the wine they’d opened earlier, passing the bottle back and forth while they reclined on the bed, crashing from game-time adrenaline into the soft billow of post-orgasmic bliss, the TV tuned to the final period of a Seattle/Sacramento game. But to get to the bottle he’d have to cross the room, and he had already told himself he’d stay in bed and wait for sleep to circle back and find him. His mind drifted about in memories of games against the Gold Rush, and against the Aeros, and the hotel in Seattle with its nearly-always foggy view of not-much out even the highest windows, and about how in love the city was with beer, which was stupid, and with dogs, which was fine, but he’d once seen a St Bernard brush its slobbery jowls against fresh produce in a supermarket and thought a line had most certainly been crossed. Streets in need of repair, and he always forgot about the bicycle lanes and risked death with every street crossing. Architecture leaving much to be desired.
, John mouthed at him, and grinned like he was getting away with something illicit. He worked one hand between them, cradling Sherlock through his clothes. “Can I?”
for you, darling—instead of going on living together and always arguing, too often feeling grouchy and sad. After the expected questions (
“You’ll start. Lestrade’s word is good; he’s not going to jerk you around just to shut you up. That’s not his style.”
“Firefighters have children. And helicopter pilots,” Sherlock had argued, reminding John that he was not so special. Because he was a father and because John admired him, Sherlock added, “Lestrade.”
“Can you wait until we’re home, or will you expire imminently?” Sherlock asked, unzipping her bag and perusing its contents. “Have you got anything edible in here?”
“Another glass of wine?” Sherlock offered then, surprising himself. “There’s another bottle of the same. Or. . .whisky?”
George gusted a sigh, and his knee began galloping beneath the edge of the table. “Yeah,” he said. “No. I don’t know.”
The server interrupted their flirtation with some of her own, directed mostly—misguidedly—at Sherlock. Once they’d ordered, Sherlock refilled their flutes and slid the bottle back into its bucket of ice. John licked his lips without intention but with effect, and raised his eyebrows as he inquired, “So what’s this next year of life going to look like for Sherlock Holmes?”
The elevator opened into a hushed, lush-carpeted office lobby. The man whose slightly graying hair and Patek Philippe wristwatch matched those in the CRUZR photos that had caught Sherlock’s eye just happened on purpose to be lingering near the receptionist’s desk, greeted him deferentially, as if NHL goaltender Sherlock Holmes was being wooed into a real estate investment, instead of an anonymous rendezvous. The receptionist remained blandly blank-faced, her perfunctory smile making it obvious she had no idea who Sherlock was, which was just fine by him, and his date no doubt agreed.
“It’s nice to see. I do wish we could just stay here, like this.” John held him close for a long moment before relaxing again.
“That’s easy for you to say, but I’ve only got a few days to make a good impression. I don’t want to leave them with the idea their son’s boyfriend is nowhere near good enough for their precious baby.”
“Right,” John said, but kindly reserved further comment. “Looking forward to the game tonight. I love seeing you play.”
“If you moved in here. With me.” Sherlock’s gaze was unwavering. It was an outrageous request. John wanted desperately to say yes.
Well, what the hell did that mean? John read it again, then a third time. Nothing terribly personal, though the note itself was more personal than the generic holiday card. Shortly, John decided it was not a case of mixed signals, the signals were all quite clear: Married to his work, but you can help if you like. Also, Happy New Year.
“So tight,” John marveled, and went on working Sherlock’s hole, leaned in to spit and lick around his knuckles. It didn’t help. Sherlock didn’t care. “Fuck, I want you dripping with slick,” John muttered, a rush of hot breath across Sherlock’s buttock that cooled his evaporating saliva in the crease. “Fuck these thighs,” he suggested, sounding pleased and decisive. He dragged fingertips down Sherlock’s quivering outer thigh, then up the inside, which made Sherlock shiver away. John withdrew his fingers and quickly stood to press himself against Sherlock’s back, kissing and biting at his shoulder and the back of his neck. Sherlock groaned pleasure as he unbent his knee to set his foot on the floor.
“Hi,” John said, feeling it was the safe way to go, until he got the lay of the land, to keep his commentary minimal.
There was a long pause where neither of them spoke, then, not knowing why, John said, “It used to feel frightening. Then it made me angry. Now it’s just sad.”
By the day of John and Rosie’s move, he and Sherlock had already been avoiding each other’s company for over a week, sending tersely worded texts and emails only when unavoidably necessary. When one knew the other was in, he made a point of staying out. The last time they’d been in the same room for more than a minute or two was when they’d set Rosie on the sofa between them and John explained that he and Sherlock just weren’t able to get on anymore, even though they’d tried, and so it would be nicer for all three of them if they had another flat—one for Dad, and one for Sherlock, and
John took the offered biro and scribbled his signature where indicated. The package was smallish, but weighty. Addressed to Sherlock, who could have signed himself.
John pressed the buzzer while Rosie stretched up on her toes, extending her arm over her head, trying to reach the knocker.
In no time John’s knees were beside his head, and Sherlock’s chin tilted up and back, sliding his body down the bed to find the angle, while John gripped the (
“So it says. Anyway, there it is.” John crossed his arms over his chest. After a long pause, Sherlock turned halfway, looking over his shoulder.
“It’s beautiful,” John said quickly, wanting Sherlock not to ruin it for himself with self-deprecating commentary. “It’s perfect.”
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock said agreeably, and soon enough his long black coat filled the narrow doorway of the kitchen. John fetched the mugs and poured; Sherlock went into the fridge for milk, which he sniffed, and an apple, which he bit nearly in half with one go.
A few steps from each to meet halfway, and John nestled in a hand where neck met shoulder, stroked a thumb over the surface of his skin, still warm from the bath.
John rubbed his forehead and frowned slightly. “Meetings,” he replied, “Meetings, meetings. If I fall asleep right this second I can get three and a quarter hours.”
He’d spoken to John on a video call in the dressing room, his teammates tossing greetings to their former captain over Sherlock’s shoulder.
John stepped into Sherlock’s space and ran a hand down his shirtfront. “Oh, is that how it is, pretty boy?” One eyebrow rose above his mischievous gaze. He pressed a palm against the center of Sherlock’s chest and gave a gentle, insistent push. “To my room, then,” he demanded, tipping up his chin to direct Sherlock backward. “I think I deserve some of your attention.”
It lasted only a minute, two at the most. Sherlock started rearranging furniture. The legs slid and scratched. Pieces thumped together. Sherlock sighed out angry groans. The noise carried on for the best part of a quarter hour.
JW: Thanks. You know it was mostly an accident, though, right? [laughs] Champagne gone to my head after the Cup win.
“A composer, from what I understand, who recently had some of his early manuscripts stolen from a safe-deposit box at C Hoare and Company.”
Sherlock, still waiting for his own drink in a proper cup, on a saucer, on a tray, to have at a table, only smiled a bit, and rocked from heels to toes with his hands buried in his coat pockets.
John laughed out loud, causing Sherlock—curled in his chair in smart trousers, beautifully tailored shirt, bare feet, and silk dressing gown—to cast a questioning glance up from his phone.
John at last took his spot behind the podium, and in a solid, steady voice, thanked the coaches and staff; his former teammates; the Thrashers organization; and especially the fans, who had always made playing in Hamilton a pleasure. To no surprise, the crowd applauded and cheered wildly for their old favourite, star player of many seasons, and the sound was positively deafening. John had often said the best thing about Thrashers fans was that they were so loud, and on his special night, they did not disappoint. His ten-minute speech was full of reminiscences, anecdotes, and friendly jokes about some of his long-term teammates. He was gracious about having had to go to the Brawlers to finally have his chance to raise the Cup, and lauded the organisation and players for making it happen.
Sherlock moved around the table, placing it between them. He held up one hand, gentling. “But. You stopped answering my calls.”
“No doubt,” Sully affirmed. “Put in two, smash the OT, we’re back here listening to tunes and eating pizza. No worries; we got this.”
“A bit. His mum—Clara—was married to my sister Harry when Archie was very young. They divorced. But you could say he’s a cousin.”
“Everything helps,” Sherlock said, but the smile that accompanied the words was a smirky half-one John recognised from the repertoire. To John’s surprise, Sherlock, too, put on his coat. “I’ll walk you down,” he said, and withdrew a packet of cigarettes he shook at John, looking completely unashamed.
“Needs a few minutes to open up,” Sherlock said, and resumed his usual place. He cupped the bowl of his glass and gently swirled, trying to give the mediocre wine a breath of chance.
,” the teacher said, and her face flickered a moment of true alarm. “She is very invested in the idea that she is a werewolf.”
They tapped their glasses together and downed their drinks, grimacing appreciatively. John smirked, “I do all right.” He slid the glass across the bar and motioned for two more. “Your kind of place, then?”
A knock on the open door, and Sherlock swanned in, heavy coat smelling of dirty rain and old cigarettes. He helped himself to a banana from the bunch sat beside three apples and two satsumas in a bowl on John’s little table.
“Thanks for that,” John said, his expression mildly quizzical, gaze flicking up and down as if reassuring himself it was Sherlock he was talking to. Sherlock squeezed his own hands; he had a terrible urge to open his arms to John just then, as he had many times in the past, in the wake of similar stories of bad days. But it was no longer a job for him.
“No, really, Mrs Hudson, I have to. . .” John threw up his hands; in less than a week he’d already come to realise there was no arguing with Mrs Hudson. He tugged back the white fur cuff of the red velvet jacket and checked his wristwatch, then checked outside the front door to see if the car had arrived yet to take him to the party.
John did not hesitate in seeking with his small, strong hands, held Sherlock’s face and kissed his mouth, closed-lipped at first, until Sherlock offered the tentative tip of his tongue. John’s chest was broad and firm and his nipple tightened beneath the brush of Sherlock’s thumb. They whispered.
“Or a football hooligan,” she replied, but her mouth softened from its usual thin line into something vaguely motherly, not quite smiling but with the effort obvious. She aimed her smirk solely at John. “It suits you, John, but the Holmes boys don’t wear whiskers quite so well.”
In a hectic instant,  Sherlock went from a half-doze to an upright rush to gather his things. A couple nights, a couple days, in the hotel suite with Steven—drapes drawn against the daylight or the city lights, eating when they were hungry, fucking on the bed, the sofa, bent over the desk—had left Sherlock in a dizzy, drowsy mess. He’d nothing but the clothes he’d arrived in, and those he hadn’t put on since he’d agreed not to leave, that first afternoon. A towel wrapped around his hips, a hotel robe, the bed sheets draped over one thigh and ringing his waist as they drank more of the horrid tequila and ate cold pizza. His every muscle ached, harder and deeper than they did even after a game. He’d avoided close looks into the countless, unavoidable mirrors affixed to every vertical surface, knowing he was unshaven, red-eyed, and probably bruised in ways he would later find difficult to ignore, cover up, or explain.
“Just because you’re fucking slow don’t cry about interference,” Hollis ranted. “Good goal and you know it.”
John, recently showered, damp-dry and wrapped at the hips in a white towel, paced the room’s angles from marble threshold to cherrywood wardrobe to mahogany footboard. Sherlock lifted his gaze from the tablet’s screen to watch him, half-believed John made redundant trips with the excuse of not knowing his way around Sherlock’s London flat strictly to accommodate his watching. Purposeful or not, Sherlock would take the win.
“Now there’s an idea.” John shot him a wink, stood and soundly patted Sherlock’s thigh to get him moving. “Come on, then, shower’s waiting. I’ll let you wash my bollocks.”
Sherlock knew it would be pushing the envelope to act on his instinct to grab his man’s face in his hands and plant a smacking kiss on his mouth, so only pulled him into a quick embrace made awkward by the extreme bulk of his chest protector and shoulder pads, then let him go. He did, in fact, give John’s arse a pat as he walked away.
Rosie was full-tilt when John got her back, rattling on about her schoolmates’ latest acquisitions of plastic cats, oversized (and doubtless overpriced) bows to wear in their hair, and one brand new baby called George.
Sherlock showed his palms. “Watson asked me about her biological mother, and I employed the metaphor of a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Perhaps it confused her; I did try to clarify.”
“Working on anything? New cases? Your brother always seems to show up with something dull but lucrative when you’re invalided.”
“Mincemeat, at this time of year, one imagines,” John joked. Sherlock stared blankly at him for a half-second before carrying on as if John had not spoken.
John sniffed; his eyes stung. In that instant, he knew himself to be a truly miserable person; in no way was he worthy of his child. The truth clotted up in his throat, that Sherlock had been calling her every day, but John used the excuses—more often lies—of himself working at the clinic, Rosie busy with friends, mealtimes, bedtimes, on the phone, in a meeting, letting the calls go mostly unanswered, or answering only to brush Sherlock off.
Steven shoved him around by the flank and thigh, pinned one of Sherlock’s wrists to the pillow, and Sherlock whined through a mouth rapidly drying as he panted, rocking his hips against the imperfect friction of combed-cotton hotel bedding. Cold, slick-coated fingers dug between his arse cheeks and the non-space between his thighs. Once Sherlock was sufficiently slippery, Steven thrust his cock into the seam between Sherlock’s legs, growling. Trapped and thrown, Sherlock couldn’t even turn his head to relieve the ache of his overcranked neck. Fingertips ground in hard between the fragile tendons of his inner wrist and Sherlock marveled at how much pain it caused. He bucked and flexed in counterrhythm. Steven’s forearm across his upper back held him down hard against the mattress as he shoved and shoved, shout-grunting curses.
Sherlock nodded. “That’s a relief,” he said, and it could have been a joke if he’d cared enough to make the effort. He well knew he had no right to object regardless, given the not infrequent, sometimes noisy late night goings-on in his own room. “The Muskies lost Maynard to a head injury last night.”
“Bali, I think. But there are other places like it; I’ve seen them in adverts and that. Just us two, in a place like that, for a week? My idea of a perfect holiday.”
Sherlock obeyed, lifting himself to sit and making himself available for John’s mostly-chaste but lingering kiss.
Hovering in the doorway to the landing, John ventured, “I thought I’d pick her up after school Tuesday, if you can manage until then?”
In fact, John had felt a pang of regret upon his refusal to join Sherlock in chasing down a potentially-related but tangential lead on Christmas day. And then something like compassion for Sherlock; his face had gone soft for a half-second before the mask of down-the-nose aloofness was fully assembled. Probably no one but John would have even noticed it. For a moment he’d reconsidered, but then Sherlock changed the subject and opened his laptop, and John took Rosie to “the park at home” for a twenty-minute energy drain before bundling her up to leave, and that was that.
Sherlock snorted a laugh at the mental image of Mycroft Holmes in his Savile Row, double breasted three-piece, standing beside a bench full of spitting, cursing, fully-uniformed hockey players. He wouldn’t know whether to retreat from the imminent threat of bullying, or come in his likely-also-monogrammed silk boxers.
Sherlock blinked. He’d quick-drifted—an old, bad habit—and was very far away from all of it; he heard the words but nothing touched him. John’s jaw was set, his face as smooth as it got, which Sherlock knew to be the sign of a dangerous mood. His eyes were dry. He tipped his chin up fractionally, in that particular way he had, and then nodded tightly at himself and his resolve. Moved toward the basket beside the sofa, dolls and a few plastic vehicles, books she hadn’t wanted to hear since she was three.
“It’s not a job for a person with a child, Sherlock. She’s got no one else in the world; I just can’t take foolish risks anymore.”
John was trying to shake him out of his funk, without being obnoxious or cruel. He was as wise as he was kind. Not to mention that he was nude, gorgeous, allowing Sherlock to tangle their limbs and invade his space. If Sherlock had perhaps never felt much of what other people told him happiness felt like, he reckoned he might just then have come as close as ever he had. Sherlock caressed John’s forearm, lifted John’s hand to his lips and kissed the backs of his fingers.
Sherlock nodded, and waited for John to break their gaze, wouldn’t let him off easy. For the first time in their acquaintance, John Watson backed down from the challenge. He shook his head and blew out a frustrated breath, rose from the chair and went upstairs.
He allowed himself to be hugged, again and again. He stroked the chubby hands of the wriggly babies. Took time to indulge curious examinations of the buttons on his coat. Told each child he knew how good they were, how hard they tried. Told them to take care of whichever parent or siblings were nearby. Accepted kisses on the cheek. Felt warmth radiating off them, not just their bodies fevered with holiday excitement and too many sweets, but their joy at seeing him--Santa, of course, but he was in there, as well--and the unguarded way they spoke.
“Thanks,” John said, and the counter-girl passed the cup across to Sherlock, who handed it over. His hand was massive; the cup looked miniature in his grip.
“It’s that uncertainty I can’t live with.” John corrected himself, “Couldn’t live with.” Another quick throat-clearing, another fidget with his wristwatch, then the cuff of his shirt.
Thurston arrived at the log house clean-shaven, his skin tanned from a summer outdoors, with a fading bruise under his eye resultant from a left hook during a sparring match at the boxing gym he owned. Kim’s cheeks were plumper than Sherlock remembered, and she laughed loudly and much, which Sherlock could see pleased her brother, who ran a constant low-grade fever of concern about her. Whenever she told a story, Thurston looked smilingly at her as if she had hung the moon. He drew out her chair at the dining table, held doors for her, asked her if she needed anything. Based on all facts in evidence, Sherlock thought it a good match.
“I’ll pass,” John demurred, though his gaze was directed at Rosie as he spoke. “Holiday tube schedule; I do want to get back before dawn.” He tipped his head toward the door. The violin was drawn down and tucked safely beneath Sherlock’s arm as he itchily turned the knob that loosened the bowstrings.
“Ah, moment please.” He limped to the door and unlocked it, pulled it open to find Sherlock standing there in a smart, slim-cut suit and pale blue shirt, with shoes on and his hair arranged, a not insignificant change from the disheveled, partly-mad figure he’d cut the previous day. “What can I do for you?”
John could hear Sherlock’s deep voice, then. “Oh, dear. What on earth is the matter, Watson? Are you hungry?”
Sat at the laptop for the sake of quick typing and a font he could see without reading glasses—John had taken them all when he’d gone, why not, they were his and Sherlock never would admit his need of them, even when they were perched on the end of his nose—and started to construct his explanation. Listed his excuses. The more he wrote, the further he drove himself toward panic, the more terrified he became. A recitation of slights. A series of veiled threats. Some pleading, then more threatening. Sherlock sat back, fingers sore at the knuckles. He knew it was wrong, even where it felt truest and most honest. Even with legal motions filed and grease in all the judicial gears just waiting to chew John up and spit him out the other side, Sherlock felt no solid ground on which to stand. He let his head drop back and back, dragged his palms down over his closed eyes. Wrapped his hands around his own throat, a loose imitation of the current life-or-death. John had felt the pressure, and raged against it. Sherlock, though, could not find a way slip the noose he’d accidentally fashioned.
“Kind of. Sheep don’t wear clothes, though. Except Shaun; he sometimes wears a bike helmet. Or sunglasses once.”
Sherlock nodded. John was right, and Sherlock agreed with everything he’d said. An insurmountable impasse, irreconcilable differences of perception. They were not getting back together.
“I know those expressions,” Mrs Hudson piped up. John stood purposelessly near the landing, having said he was leaving but not yet having left. “Have a heart,” Mrs Hudson begged, “It’s Christmas.” She directed her imploration mostly toward Mycroft, even as Sherlock crossed to the landing and swirled his coat around his shoulders.
An exaggerated shrug, with heavy-lidded eyes. “It’s quite natural,” he said, with assurance and finality. “S’not as if I. . .or you, we. . .” He gestured to them both in turn, while he raised the bottle to his lips and sipped back more of the whisky. “Can’t change the natural order of things. Or of a man!”
Nearly a month had passed since the bus bombing incident, and Sherlock had seen Rosie but once—a too-short visit at 221B, during which Rosie whined that she wanted Sherlock to take her to a movie, John sharply informed her Sherlock wasn’t going anywhere until the brace came off his ankle, and Sherlock insisted it was the wrist splint that needed to go so that he could use a cane, and the ankle be damned. John had arrived glowering and turned downright surly at Sherlock’s use of mildly colourful language, and soon enough whisked Rosie down to Mrs Hudson, then away with no goodbyes.
“Some of us older than others,” Sherlock joked automatically, the mildest jibe in it, another old habit.
“For you, maybe. Worried he’ll tell me about how many of your crusty wank-socks he stumbled over when you were a teenager?”
“I anticipate a win; the New Jersey offense is in shambles currently, and our defense and goaltending are top-notch.”
“Forgot to change your emergency contact,” John said knowingly, and already he was feeling normal-sized and the right temperature, and with all the correct sensation in his limbs. He sat up and drew his legs over the edge of the bed, thinking of where his coat and wallet were so he could go free Sherlock from the grip of the NHS, probably Against Medical Advice.
There it was. Of course it was about Rosie. Of course it was. John couldn’t blame him; he felt the same.
“I don’t feel a burning need to pretend we’re really getting to know each other,” Steven said then, with his own sort of shrug. “So don’t feel like you have to make small talk.”
“It’s better when I’m moving. Standing still is giving me a little vertigo,” John told him. “I don’t feel like I could die at any moment—who told you that? This is fine.” He was joking but his expression was grim. Sunglasses blocked Sherlock’s view of his eyes, but the corners of his lips turned down in a distinct frown.
John frowned, then muttered, “You’re welcome. Sure, I’d love to come to your party. Thanks for asking.”
“Beth’s already invited us for Thanksgiving,” Sherlock informed him, unashamedly watching John as he left the bed, naked and hard-bodied and always so tempting. Sherlock checked the time once more, made calculations, felt grim and disappointed.
Jordan’s eyebrows rose a bit, and Sherlock clarified, “Resort staff. You must have a regular spot for after-work drinks and so on.”
“Good,” John said, quiet, soothing, and though no time passed, at once Sherlock became aware of sounds in the kitchen, cutlery and the taps, stoneware plates set on butcher block worktops. The television or radio. But no, John was talking back to it. Laughing, but quietly.
“It’s hard to know whether there’s a genetic component to international criminal mastermind,” Sherlock offered, and he was far less successful at repressing a grin of his own, “But all the reading I’ve done indicates nurture can override nature to a remarkable extent. We do stay on the right side of the law.”
John nodded, closed-eyed, looking small in his buttoned-up, thick coat. “Of course I know that’s true. But those kids don’t know it. All they know is they’re sleeping in a stranger’s house tonight—maybe not together—and they don’t know when they’ll see their mum again.”
He checked his wristwatch. The turn was upcoming; time to make a choice. Of course he didn’t need it exactly then, at that very minute. But he was sure it was there, and perhaps having it on hand would let him sleep.
Sherlock waved the hand in question, dismissing all of it as nonsense. “And his was so filthy it—” John caught his hand and held it, mostly by the wrist, not carefully.
Sherlock nodded, and brushed the pile of toys slightly aside with the back of his hand to make room for his plate. Rosie began straightening the figures into rows, a habit of hers that Sherlock appreciated: where there is chaos, establish order—to a degree. It all felt so familiar, but not comfortable. John was still wearing his coat.
. All true, and Sherlock made a calculated shift of his hips so that John’s cock thrust over the right spot, driving himself helpless with pleasure, a distinct whine rising in his voice.
“Shit, man. Whatever you want.” His tone indicated that Sherlock surely already knew this to be the case. “If you need something—”
“What a fanciful notion,” Sherlock replied, moved as ever by John’s tendency toward romantic poetry in even the most mundane of circumstances. Not that the dozens, perhaps hundreds of hectic stars were a mundanity, of course; Sherlock appreciated the spectacle as much as the weight of John’s head resting in his lap.
“You should know—I want you to know—that I can’t imagine myself not wanting to be with you,” Sherlock told him. “I do hope you’ll stay with me, only until you don’t want to anymore.” He fiddled the little bag open and drew out a platinum ring, custom-made in two joined pieces. “That’s all.”
Throughout an hour-long haranguing from Sherlock, Mycroft Holmes had come across as perhaps not apologetic, but definitely subdued. He defended the shape of the letter to John and the attached motion for Sherlock’s adoption of Rosie, chalked it up to a misunderstanding of Sherlock’s wishes.
John was taken by surprise. “My dad?” He frowned. “A bit. Yeah. Actually I’ve been thinking about my mum, with yours pottering around, making us tea and wiping the worktops every few minutes.”
Small, familiar fingertips settled against Sherlock’s temples, and he did not know where to look, so stared for a moment at the second button on John’s shirt before he let his eyes shut. Thumb pads nestled gently against his inner brow bones and Sherlock knew to let his head drop forward against them, the pressure reminding him to relax the muscles around his eyes and to smooth the tension in his forehead. John’s fingertips moved in light circles over his temples. He could hear the strands at his hairline moving.
“I’m about to ask a weird question,” John said. “And if I’m wrong I’m going to be so completely humiliated, I’ll fling myself out that window there.” He jerked a thumb over his shoulder. Sherlock tilted his head, lifted his eyebrows questioningly.
He so intensely wanted to be plain about it, call it what it was: bullshit. But the venue did not seem appropriate for cursing.
Reaching for the stack of bedclothes, John said, “You’re frowning like mad. Head hurting a lot? Here. Sit.”
Mornings he woke early for sex with John when at home or, on the road, to work out. Thurston showed up at practice arenas before the team’s morning skate to fire away at Sherlock, never complained that he had to rise too early or that he was too hungover. Sherlock thanked him at the end of every session, and Thurston always gave the same reply, “No problem, what are friends for, asshole?” It occurred to Sherlock that until fairly recently he hadn’t really known.
John wanted to scoff and dismiss those few weeks of tentative trying as wasted time. But after a calming, deep breath, he replied.
“I worried it might be too late, given we’d already parted ways, and never married, but I thought it the right thing to do for her—for me—that I sew up those holes. I only wanted to be her legal parent, same as you. Not more. Not less. I wasn’t making moves to steal her away.” Sherlock sighed a bit. “Though it seems that’s how it came across.”
“You make the fire; I’ll bring the slick.” Sherlock passed through to the bedroom, and to his pleasure, John let go a complaining whimper of sexual frustration as he went.
“What are they thinking? Flu?” John stamped down all the stairs and burst onto the pavement, jogging to the corner where he might find a taxi.
The door was still standing open as he unpacked one of the rucksacks, lining up his two pairs of shoes beside the bed. A tall blur in his peripheral vision swept past the open door and he heard a deep voice saying, “Mrs Hudson, I need to borrow matches.” There was the squeak of a door opening, then kitchen-rummaging noises, cupboards and drawers. “My lighter’s out of fluid. Mrs Hudson!”
Sherlock moved nearer the door, standing beside John, so John stuck out a hand and laid it against Sherlock’s low back, where it rested for several seconds. His parents moved to hug him and shake his hand, and then John got the same, with promises to have a longer visit next time. The way Sherlock’s mother shook her finger at him gave John to know it was not a false promise.
John cleared a strange tightness from his throat, and his eyes prickled. He nodded, and turned to go.
John carried on a mild harangue all the way through dessert, only changing the topic when they decided to skip the cheese plate in favour of getting home to their bed that much sooner. Sherlock was only mildly disappointed he would not get to sample the Australian syrah he’d already determined would be best suited to the kinds of cheeses usually served in late autumn. Doubtless he’d get over it, and soon.
“A bit of meandering, but she was asleep when I left her.” Sherlock shrugged gently, then sipped though he knew it was premature. John adjusted his wristwatch.
“Be my guest.” George detoured through the kitchenette to grab a mug, crossed the sitting room to the round wood table by the window. Sherlock turned the handle of the coffee carafe toward him. “Early practice I don’t know about?” Sherlock prompted, knowing perfectly well there was no such thing.
Sherlock imagined he should have been a bit more focused on his level of indulgence in food and wine during his summer vacation—he’d got workouts in, did some running and swimming, but he dreaded to anticipate the number on the scale, his first day at training camp. It would be the same mini-disaster for them all, he knew, but Sherlock feared he might pass his own, arbitrarily-set upper limit, and that would mean extra time in the gym, less cake and more kale. His next draft of wine was deeper and he spared no time to savour, a rebellion against the demands of his career. He would be a hockey player in August; June and July were for being a real person. At least as close as Sherlock ever got.
“Sure. Half an hour,” John agreed. He found a seat on a bench before another parent could claim it, and began an internet search for a solicitor specialising in family law.
John found the bin and dropped the nearly-empty, crushed cup into it, wiped his hands on a balled-up napkin and tossed that, too. “That’s very kind. Ah. Tea.”
“It’s an owl!” She giggled, and Sherlock smiled. He reached for her and she squeezed him around the neck hard enough to break his heart.
John raised his shoulders in a shrug but didn’t let them down again. “As good as any bloke who sort of hates it,” he allowed.
“Children are resilient,” Sherlock offered, knowing it rang hollow. His hands were folded together on his lap.
“I’m someone’s dad. I’d be a fool and an arsehole to carry on chasing drugs-dealers through the streets at midnight.”
He wheeled and stomped out. The giveaway stair groaned a hearty protest, and his footfalls pounded all the way to the front door. Sherlock, deflated, took the letter to the bedroom and lay on his back as if sick. He texted Mycroft.
“Dadda, will you read my stories?” Rosie called from the bath then emerged, flashing her teeth at them. John pretended to be blinded.
As he passed the first of three open-gated entrances to the park, Sherlock eased his pace. John had pointed out a shortcut through the park; the team’s hotel was directly opposite, a beeline along a mostly-straight central walkway flanked by flowerbeds. At the time, Sherlock’s obtuse response had been that the park was a “bad neighbourhood” and he’d suggested they take the roundabout way, adding distance to the run. What John might have made of the comment, if anything, Sherlock couldn’t know; months had passed before Sherlock told John he was an addict, and John seemed relatively naïve to the ways and workings of scoring on the streets rather than through more elevated channels—prescriptions, pharmacies,
John bit down hard on his back teeth. He turned his back to her, opened the kitchen sink taps and waited for the water to heat up.
Rosie was leaning into the fridge and called, “Which of these bottles is cherry punch, and which is science?” Sherlock quickly gained his feet, brushing John’s shoulder with the reassuring weight of his hand as he passed; John reached up to touch his fingers.
George’s face crumpled in a smile-frown, and he nodded, all indicative of a suddenly-retrieved memory. “Watson got his bell rung a few times over the years, right? Isn’t that his cause now?”
She managed the bag, swaying slightly, and Mrs Hudson stepped aside for her to pass. As Rosie thumped up the stairs in her rubber galoshes, John heard her holler, “I’m home!” He cleared his throat to keep himself hearing whatever reply might come from the upstairs flat.
Sherlock nodded vaguely. His failure belonged only to him, and he owned it. Though there was some truth to the idea he was playing a largely one-man game.
“Thanks for letting me intrude on your time,” John offered, letting go a light grunt of pain as his knees straightened.
“It’s all right. This was handled all wrong. That solicitor has no idea the hurricane he will shortly face, having misinterpreted and then misrepresented my intentions.”
“I started out to make twenty-four, for Advent. But then I thought of your birthday, so I made thirty-eight. And then I thought of how they look a bit like stars, and how I wish I could pluck all the stars down and tie them into handsome buttonholes for you, and I just kept on.”
John’s jaw tightened, biting down on his back teeth. He released Sherlock’s hand and Sherlock reached for him, smoothing his shoulder and the length of his arm.
“We’ve a date tonight,” Sherlock reported, and lay the little plate of sandwiches and sweets on the mattress beside John’s hip.
“You said that, not me,” John smiled and started searching, then filing songs into a playlist. “Anyway, unless it doesn’t suit you, you could think about doing a signature cocktail, maybe. Something from back in the day. Sidecar. Old-fashioned. Harvey Wallbanger.”
Sherlock could not remember the last time he’d so desperately wanted a smoke, which he recognised as a final and sure sign he had gone too far, and so must give them up once more, and soon. He paced the corridor, scowling at the women behind the desk each time he passed, reminding them the depth of injustice he suffered while a child whose first word,
Mrs Hudson, with her hands clasped together in front of her heart. John alternated between feeling as though he was pulling it off, and feeling like a complete wanker.
There came a grumbling, “Blast it all!” from two rooms away, and Sherlock steeled himself, resettling his shoulders from where they’d crept up toward his ears at the sound of his father’s cursing.
“God, you were brilliant tonight,” John told him. Sherlock was as comforted by the sight of the bedroom wallpaper in the background as he was by seeing John’s face smiling back at him from his phone’s screen. “How did it feel?”
Kind of him not to say Sherlock was off his game, but instead to throw every man on the roster under the team bus.
John shot Sherlock a covert, quizzical look. Sherlock gestured with one finger toward the floor, indicating Mrs Hudson must have taught her the old-fashioned euphemism. He mouthed,
“Haven’t we had a good time together? Guys like us are hard to come by; all I ever meet are these twenty-year-old twinks with girls’ eyebrows who want to dance down the middle of 15
“You’ll ride in with me,” Sherlock said, laying out his shirt and suit on the bed, going into the chest for socks.
“You need Dadda’s glasses,” Rosie piped up, and Sherlock instinctively drew the paper closer to himself.
To crown it all with glory, Sherlock could kiss him, and did, taking John’s jaw in both hands and smothering his sex-talk with a deep and dirty kiss, licking his tongue, shuddering as John found the perfect tempo and pressure. Sherlock groaned against the corner of John’s mouth, and John’s hips bucked, smearing sticky pre-cum onto Sherlock’s skin.
There hadn’t been much to move. His pillow, his army-issue duffel with four changes of clothes and two pairs of shoes, two rucksacks with his shave kit, laptop, a couple of books and brushes for teeth and hair. The flat was comically tiny, but the landlady claimed it had recently been wallpapered and carpeted, even the fireplace cleaned and ready to use, should he wish to. There was one of those narrow beds that passed for a sofa, a low chest of drawers, a table he could sit at to eat or work, and an armchair with a decent reading lamp behind it. One window, facing the street. He’d share the bath and kitchen down the hall with the landlady herself. She made it clear she was not his housekeeper and would not clean up after him.
Mycroft pursed his lips once again, more in amusement than disapproval, though to anyone but Sherlock it would have looked prudish.
“If I wanted it, I’d have asked for it. Let’s remember this for the future.” They each walked out carrying their paper cups.
Stick against the posts, a few tosses of his head to make his neck pop, a forward glide and a backward slotting-in. Sherlock looked at the snow built up between his feet, the haze of blue paint beneath, then up.
He should have saved it. He saw it coming. He was ready for it. And yet, the music was playing and the Gold Rush players were clumped up in a huddle off to his right, congratulating their goal-scorer. He could imagine what the play-by-play and color guys were saying on the BSN broadcast right now, wondering how Holmes could have missed that save, no one in front of him, a long lob from high up the ice with plenty of time for him to get himself in catching position, or even to stop it with his chest. Maybe he’d flinched.
They both shuddered and moaned as John slid in, steady but not slow, and John’s shoulders tensed and released as he settled himself onto one elbow and began to thrust. With his breath gusting down the front of Sherlock’s throat and across his chest, John was near enough to kiss, so Sherlock kissed his dry mouth, licking in to dampen the inner edges of John’s lips. The shock of adjustment passed, and Sherlock’s erection—which had flagged—rapidly resumed straining.
John staged a hand-wringing gesture, as if warming them. “She always has been,” he agreed. Rosie was at the top of the play structure with her friend Lulu and two boys, all instructing each other about new and more intricate rules for their game of make-believe, never seeming to get around to the actual playing bit. John lifted his chin in her direction, to call up to her. “Rose, look who’s here.”
“What the fuck is—nevermind. Thanks, I’ll have a look.” John leaned down, one hand at each side of Sherlock’s shoulders, and kissed him on the forehead through some of his fringe. “Nice to see you this morning, by the way.”
“Anyway,” John said, the change of subject telegraphed in his tone of voice. “What are we doing for dinner?”
He made himself tea one-handed, drank it at the kitchen table because hobbling back to the lounge risked spilling most of it. The flat was hatefully quiet. Leaning back, twisting, he was just able to hook a finger in a drawer-pull and slid the drawer out, knew just where to feel for what he wanted. He laid a sharp-cornered business card flat on the table, beside his saucer, and pulled his phone from his dressing-gown pocket, lay it face up beside the card. A sip of the tea and the click of the cup as he set it back in place. He could hear the wall clock ticking and so tuned it out, turning inward focus onto an imaginary whiteboard wall: pro and con; tallied assurances and a sum of slights; an elaborate equation of time, distance, history, and probable outcomes. Weighted promises. Calculated risks. By the time he’d finished writing a set of parallel narratives in block printing—blue, black, and red—he felt he’d found the solution, though even so he was not entirely satisfied.
“Sunday?” Not waiting for confirmation, she stopped suddenly and John nearly ran into her back, side-stepped and laid a hand on her shoulder to urge her to keep moving. “There’s going to be new cats in the Rubicats game; I know because Megan Ashley Plays said yesterday the people who make the game are going to do a daisy cat and sunshine cat for the first day of spring.”
“I’ve been stealing into the rooms with the fewest windows, avoiding the glare from every pane. Must it be so bright?” The last he asked in a tone of indignity.
Sherlock let himself return the smile, but quickly reined it in lest Steven think he expected anything like friendship. “Yeh,” he replied, nodding and lifting his foot to undo the knot in his shoelace. “Actually, three.”
John still hadn’t moved. He took inventory of his body’s sensations and could not find the pain that had plagued him from hip to knee ever since he’d left Afghanistan.
“I said yes, Watson,” Sherlock defended, in the same or at least a very similar tone, a sort of sighing surrender designed to placate her, which failed to fulfill its mission.
“Where were you last Christmas?” John asked, grateful Sherlock had seemed neither discomfited by the realities of life in wartime, nor morbidly curious about it.
John. Frowning with his entire being. His shoulders and spine and even his knees were in on it, and his clenched fist was so far in on it Sherlock sidestepped, just in case.
Sherlock steered their bodies clockwise. Colin’s hand skimmed down Sherlock’s buttock, gently cupped and pulled, drawing him closer.
“It’s all right. We said goodbye earlier.” John tried not to sound as grim as he felt, talking about Sherlock, and inhaled, exhaled, let his shoulders fall for the first time in what seemed like years. In a lifetime of starting over, it was the first time John had made the decision for himself that it was time to begin anew. It was good. He could breathe. The rest would shake out. His girl had grit and good wits. She’d be just fine.
“Skates fast, so always prefers puck handling to a pass. Makes mistakes in the second half of his shifts because his gas runs out early. Keep him on the outside to tire him quicker.”
“Holmes, listen. I know you’re better than you’ve been looking. I’m a hundred percent behind you, and whatever you need, just say it and we’ll arrange it. You’re the best in the league, by a mile. Never forget it.” Lestrade looked painfully sincere and Sherlock felt sick. Compassion and support was not going to fix whatever was going on with him. He needed to get his head out of his arse, power through, play like Sherlock Holmes. He found he’d been more comfortable when his coach had been berating him and putting his faults under a microscope. Kindness had always made him uncomfortable.
The two made themselves useful to the elder Holmeses by moving a pair of small sofas, rotating them so that the firmer cushions of the less-used couch got a turn at being flattened by Sherlock’s mother sitting at one end with her knitting, and his father at the other with his book, while the television showed
“Love you, Dadda,” she said. Another echo of their past; the name she called him before she began to worry what her playfriends might think, when all of them had already graduated to calling their fathers
John tapped his nose. “Very wise. Cocktail hour. All right, how about a retro thing? There are a lot of space age, atomic-cocktail type versions of classic Christmas songs out there; and 1940s swing was a bit of a thing a while back, there’s bound to be some in that style. But updated. Not too intrusive, but if you happen to notice the music amidst the over-the-rim flirting, small talk, and cheek-kisses that happen at a drinks party, it’s pleasant. Kind of quirky.”
What could John do but what he’d been told? He resettled his pillow as his slurry-voiced, wild-haired beloved sank low and lower in the little metal bed.
“There have also been a few incidents of putting hands on classmates, not hitting, but taking up personal space, even after the child has asked her to stop.”
Rosie stood close by his side and pointed. “This is you on a case about stolen cats and guinea pigs, and this is me helping you find the clues.”
The lady of the house had become preoccupied with the fact one of the hedges encircling her rose garden had died, a five-yard run of orange-brown interrupting the otherwise perfect evergreen circle. Though John had humbly suggested it should wait until the spring thaw, so that the old bushes could be removed and their replacements be planted immediately, she insisted she could not bear the sight of dead plants and would even prefer a bare patch to the burnt-looking shrubbery. Hence, John had spent a long morning lopping branches with pruning snips and a hand saw, then hacking stumps with an axe. Three wagon loads of discarded brush later–after lunch in the kitchen not long enough to unfreeze his toes in his wet, muddy boots–he went after the stumps, digging with spade and pick into the frozen ground to free them.
“Take me to bed,” Sherlock whispered, a breath against the shell of John’s ear. John hummed a low growl, rose and caught Sherlock by the loosened cuff of his shirt, pulled him toward their bedroom.
The emergence of Alex George from his bedroom before ten a.m. startled Sherlock into looking down his front to reassure himself he was clothed.
“I’ll have a chat with her,” John said, sounding defensive, and Sherlock could sense the tension radiating off him; he wanted out. Probably so he could blow up at Sherlock for exposing her to morbid and unsavoury things, which had become a theme of theirs over the years, as if John had not been a surgeon, did not own countless textbooks packed with full-colour photos of exposed ropes of muscle and gooey organs.
The black door swung wide and there stood Mrs Hudson, with the roots of her hair newly touched up to cover the white, in a green dress spattered with coin-sized triangles of pink and yellow. John twisted his mouth into a smile.
Within the hour, they’d brought a bottle of wine and the last of the good cheese, along with some cashews and pick-your-own strawberries from the kitchen. John had got a fire going in the bowl-shaped fireplace centered on the wooden deck nearly as big as the entire flat back in Boston; and Sherlock had fetched every sex accessory they’d packed and laid them out on a small table beside an over-the-top piece of outdoor furniture: a queen bed piled with pillows, its lower corner draped with soft throw-blankets, a mosquito net hanging above, ready to be unfurled at dusk. There was soft lighting, a sound system playing Adés, Stravinsky, and Chopin—music to set a particular mood—one suited to the decadent scenario presented by a bed outdoors in the mountains on a summer evening, with no one nearby to see or hear the practical outcome of evoking such a mood.
The judge shrugged, smiling, “I don’t know. They don’t tell me. I only do my work, and then once that’s finished, the youngest person in the room gets to read the name on the card—see the little white card hanging there on the string?—and tell us who gets the gift. My work is to ask you and your parents some questions, and then we’ll sign our names. Shall we start?”
Mary. I know she didn’t love me; it’s all right. But she gave me Rosie. In the whole, insane mess—Amy Gail Ross-Alan, Moriarty, whoever else she was—almost losing you again—for good—feeling completely stupid and utterly humiliated. . .Having to play at Happy Families to keep her from knowing we were onto her when what I really wanted to do was choke her with my bare hands.”
“Well, no, not fun exactly,” John corrected himself. “But I do enjoy the writing bit. That op-ed, too. If I could just write the words, stand up and read the words, and leave without having to talk to anyone, it would be ideal.”
“Dadda, pretend it was Christmas and did you know if you leave a present for Santa he will still leave you presents? But if you leave a chocolate rabbit for the Easter Bunny he will say you already have a chocolate bunny so he won’t leave you one. So please don’t give me any chocolate rabbits at Easter before then.”
Sherlock fixed his eyes on John, still wrapped at the waist in a towel after the shower they’d shared, and with a deliberate, scanning gaze, silently laid claim to every inch of him from golden-blonde fringe to bare, stubby toes.
“A lot of players go on wearing their beards for at least part of the summer. I think Sherlock looks quite handsome—like a university professor.”
The Brawlers’ offense were bigger and faster than the Sacramento forwards, and kept play in the attacking zone more often than not, giving Sherlock room to breathe. Boston scored one late in the first to tie it, then kept control mostly in the Gold Rush end until the period ended.
“Certainly I wouldn’t finish an entire one on my own; I get tired of it after two days. Sherlock will always help himself, so if there’s anything special in, you should be sure to have some before he takes it upstairs.” She rocked her head, smiling as if Sherlock was an irrepressible scamp, indeed. “He thinks I don’t know, but I do.”
“Fine. It’s fine,” came the reply, followed by the jangly clang of a pot lid slamming down rather hard upon its mate. “Nevermind.”
Reliably, his mother arrived just as things had the potential to turn interesting, creaking back the wooden door with both hands and leaning only fractionally inside. If Sherlock had dressed to avoid manual labour, his mother’s white cotton blouse and crisp gingham pedal-pusher trousers made clear she intended no participation beyond reading out to-do lists and perhaps later pouring tea. Her cress sandwiches were unfailingly boggy and begged for salt, but she did manage to buy all the best biscuits.
“Did your brothers go with you and your mum to Finland?” John turned pages and soon enough there appeared photos taken to illustrate significant snowfall: covered cars, half-buried front doors.
Sherlock’s face blazed hot—the top edges of his ears—and he stripped off the shirt with no further attempts at a teasing slow-reveal.
“So what should we talk about?” John cleared his throat and changed the angle of his body to give the agent more of his back.
“Don’t know what you’re doing outside of here,” Coach Lestrade grinned at him, motioning vaguely around at the walls of the Garden. “But whatever it is, it’s fucking working so don’t change a thing. Don’t change your pads, don’t even change your underwear.”
“Friends stay friends even when they have a fight. Not like a hitting fight, or kicking, but if they say, like,
He said it so casually, as if it were usual to order an 800-pound bottle of whiskey just to appease one’s downstairs neighbour. John felt his ears heating up.
“Carolina tomorrow night,” John said between mouthfuls of citrus tart, bright with mandarin and yuzu, prettied up with a dusting of icing sugar and a mountain of ginger-flavoured whipped cream. “What d’you reckon?”
“That’s a first,” Sherlock said, only John in earshot. A bit louder he answered, “Still engaged with the first menial task you issued, Mother.”
“Not when I have to say goodbye to you again so soon,” John said. Sherlock and the team would fly back to Boston immediately after that day’s game; John’s flight left later in the day and would get him back on the east coast in the earliest hours of the next morning, and he had a short turnaround before a lunchtime speaking engagement. He picked up his phone and typed a text to Thurston as Sherlock made his way to the bathroom.
In the dressing room at the Garden, Alex George streaked past Sherlock, the distinctive smell of amphetamine seeping loudly from his pores. Sherlock’s nose rumpled in disgust, though elsewhere in his body he felt a terrible twang of desire. He kept to his own routine, checking his equipment before donning it, listening to his teammates gossip and good-naturedly chirp each other, heavy rock music throbbing from someone’s speakers. Despite his attempt to mind his business, Sherlock kept one eye on George, whose shoulders jerked and shivered, and whose mouth wouldn’t stay closed.
—on my way to meet with a client. You understand.” Sherlock squatted down and his left knee made a troubling crunching noise but he ignored it to receive Rosie’s embrace. “I’ll see you Sunday morning.” Regaining his feet, Sherlock nodded at the teacher, who quickly excused herself to attend to another student, far down the row.
Throughout the meal, their conversation meandered from hockey talk to news headlines to films and television series on their mutual must-watch list; they were frequently flirty and indulged in a gentle version of the jibing that came so naturally to both of them after a lifetime in locker rooms. As they were sipping sauternes and cleaning their spoons of the last dollops of passion fruit panna cotta, Sherlock became aware of an absence—a fluttering feeling of persistent sickness high in his gut had melted or lifted away—and he felt settled and sturdy in a way he had not, for long weeks and months. His eyes closed and he let go a quick, sighing breath, loud enough that John noticed, and tilted his chin at Sherlock.
Steven’s expression was one Sherlock hadn’t seen on him—something more like an invitation to mere mischief than a promise of brutal seduction—and he said, “I’m ordering dinner.” He reached onto the side table for a leather folio that held the room service menu. “Am I ordering for two?”
“Dying to see you tomorrow,” John confessed, and Sherlock watched as he settled himself onto a strange bed, though strange beds were at least as familiar to both of them as their own bed. John was one night ahead of Sherlock in the flat he’d rented in Hamilton for the two nights surrounding John’s number-retirement ceremony, while Sherlock was in a hotel suite in St Paul, having pocketed a win the previous night, 3 – 2 over the Green Bay Timberwolves, and waiting to play the St Paul Grizzlies the following night. John added, “I’ll meet you at the airport.”
The two danced through the end of one song, and the entire next one, and Sherlock kept his eyes on Jordan’s snaking body, the roll of his hips, the way he tipped his head back and half-rolled it, exposing his throat. They touched each other at shoulder and waist, now and then venturing to drag a hand down the side of the other’s torso, up smoothing up his chest. The beat was relentless and Sherlock felt it in his belly, in his feet where they touched the floor. He licked his lips and drew Jordan closer by a hand on his shoulder, brought parted lips close to Jordan’s face, even brushing his ear, then teasingly near his mouth. Sherlock smirked and backed away; Jordan caught him by a hooked finger in Sherlock’s trousers pocket. They found the tempo, chest to chest, hips swaying and rolling, the perspiration dampening Jordan’s shirt at his low back where Sherlock pressed his palm, keeping his partner close.
“Well,” John said, and his tone was not at all what Sherlock had expected. “We do tell her that if she works hard, she can grow up to be anything she wants to be.” He shrugged, and raised his eyebrows, restraining a smirk, clearly recruiting Sherlock to his side. “And surely you know about this one.” He jerked his thumb toward Sherlock. “Shocking things sort of go with the territory.”
They worked around the corner from each other at the table; John made notes on a yellow pad while Sherlock added random items to a new pile in front of him, arranged in some arcane, Sherlock-specific manner John would never decipher but which made perfect sense to Sherlock. Now and then he flung something onto the floor, having ruled it unimportant or found it redundant. John leaned down each time to retrieve the discards, set them aside to be out of their way without getting lost. They each had a second glass of whiskey—a more generous pour the second time as it was John that poured it—and they traded John’s cheaters back and forth between them. It was quite a lot of reading, and John knew better than to talk much while Sherlock was uploading information and beginning to sort and arrange it in his brain, so mostly they were quiet.
“I’ve been given my orders, and followed them. He’s nothing more to say, and no other use for me,” Sherlock replied, shrugging and lightly rolling his eyes. “Seen and not heard, even after I paid off their mortgage.” Sherlock’s tone was casual if not actually venturing into the realm of joking. John gave his knee a squeeze under the table, and Sherlock ventured, “You’re missing yours.”
“Wine bar,” Sherlock corrected. With restless fingertips, he adjusted the flatware, assuring it was parallel and evenly spaced.
“Sherlock did cases and you stayed home with me.” Rosie had a set of ready-to-assemble cubes in place of a chest of drawers, and she drew out her favourite, too-small-if-we’re-being honest, blue and red Fair Isle print leggings.
Sherlock’s unlit pipe lay slack in his hand as John kissed him, pulled and persuaded him back toward the bed, and even as they lost themselves in a deep embrace, both were careful not to crush their lovely, hand-tied buttonholes.
Instead he headed up the stairs to 221B. The spill of light in the hallway told him Sherlock’s doors were open. Either the telly was on or Sherlock had visitors. Probably the telly. (There went the giveaway stair). Anyway, he’d soon find out.
John looked up and away, sniffed and blinked hard to clear his vision. He couldn’t begin to explain his motives for keeping her apart from Sherlock. His simmering fury over Sherlock’s having caught himself in an explosion. His low-grade fever of terror at any perceived threat to her well-being. He’d lied to himself about the natural resiliency of children, about her awareness of the passage of time, and here she was casually throwing grenades into his carefully constructed bunker of denial and avoidance. She missed Sherlock, and she felt the time and distance between them. Of course she did. He was a fool.
“Hm? Oh. Nothing. Headache.” They started back toward the theatre. “Watson, when you have something on your mind, how do you sort it out?”
“Love you, Rose, down to your toes.” He dipped down to plant a kiss in the part of her hair. “Behave. I’ll pick you up after school on Monday.”
John leaned out of the bathroom, smiling. “Not what I meant. It’s the peer group thing, you know. You and Kim get along so well—too well, I sometimes think—and it would be nice if it were the same with me and Mycroft.”
“I might be able to make it down for the Shock, on Saturday,” John volunteered. They were in bed, in the flat they now shared, with nearly an hour before either of them had to get up and ready himself to leave.
“At one point you quite vehemently said the situation had become intolerable, and then when he cut off your access to the child and you contacted the firm to which I referred you—”
And as for the paperwork, there was nothing for it. He was Rosie’s only legal parent, must always be the one to sign whatever agreement he was presented, promising not to sue in the event grievous bodily harm came to his child. Seven years of being primary signatory—
John had returned to the bathroom, buttoning his shirt in front of the mirror. “Your brother, though. He’s the one worries me.”
“A poster because it’s easy, or because you like making them and think it will suit the material?” Sherlock challenged. John had already begun doodling cascading cubes in the lower left corner of his page.
Rosie pointed at a shop on the opposite corner of the intersection. “Oh, remember once we went in there and I got those tiny mints?”
“Your wife deserves something special. For staying married to you.” Sherlock intended his tone to come across as typical hockey chirping but imagined his distaste at George’s rampant adultery probably bled through the joke.
They recovered from their jet lag in an ultra-high-end log house on its own secluded peak in the Green Mountains, with views as far as New York state to the west and Canada to the north. There were rooms enough they might never even have had to interact with John’s sister Kim and her new boyfriend—Sherlock and John’s Boston Brawlers teammate—Shane Thurston, but the four frequently found themselves hovering around the kitchen island, making meals together, or sitting on deep sofas in the parlour, drinking wine and chatting for long hours between daytime excursions and late retirements to their separate wings. It was a proper holiday, one Sherlock felt he richly deserved after the forced march of time spent with his family. He and John visited two wineries, strolled a quaint downtown as unrepentant tourists (John bought Sherlock a horrible ball cap with a three-dimensional, plush moose sticking out the front, and Sherlock retaliated by wearing it publicly for four hours). In the evenings the four assembled dinners and Sherlock talked about the wine he’d bought that day, though it was not for him to say whether the education they received enhanced anyone’s appreciation of it.
John frowned and gave a tight shake of his head. Rosie was hefting up her overnight bag into the crook of her elbow. John turned toward her and opened his arms. “Do I get a hug?”
Sherlock felt a different sort of shiver, then. He turned toward John, fixed a gaze on his bright, kind eyes.
“Just an hour,” John soothed. “Talk me through the photo albums, another cup of tea to appease your mum, and we’ll go. Order in dinner, then a movie in bed?”
“It’s really no trouble,” the clerk—Bailey—insisted. “Here’s your key card; the WiFi password is inside the packet. You’ll be in suite 1450, which is on the seventh floor, elevators just there, when you come out upstairs just take a right all the way to the end of the corridor. I’ve sent the request to room service to bring up the brunch basket for two and a bottle of champagne. Is there anything else I can help you with?”
There was a blast of cold air as the front door swung open and then closed again, and he heard the stamping of feet on the rug and a thick, “Brrr!”
“She’s not in my family except that I grew in her. If it’s a family tree, you have to put just people in your family—do you put only people you know?”
Lost as he was in his reverie—counting out seventeen shades of colour in a scrap of creamy stationery, and three in the flow of sepia ink, the curve of a long-looping “y” handwritten by an unhappy middle-aged wife in 1898—Sherlock started at a sudden series of thunderous thuds against the downstairs door, jumping so that he knocked a slim pair of tweezers from the seven o’clock spot to well west of nine. The bell went, and then more pounding—the side of a fist, the weight and shape and timbre of the blows all familiar to him. His stomach soured and he lurched to his feet, heart pounding, wanting to flee, running toward the landing.
“At least take a shower,” Steven suggested, nodding toward the en suite. “You can’t be in that much of a hurry.” He looked knowing, with a smile that appeared—at last—genuine and non-threatening. It was true Sherlock had made only cursory attempts to clear away the leavings with a few rough swipes of the throw blanket decorating the end of the bed, and the hairs of his thighs were sticking to (and painfully unsticking from) his skin. He thumbed at a flake of his own cum on the edge of one index finger. Eyeing the door to the bath, he inhaled, considering. The earlier urge to flee was subsiding, adrenaline diluted with oxytocin into the familiar wash of mellow empty-headedness, a near-overwhelming desire for sleep.
John did not think any of his shoes were ugly, but he thought he knew the ones Sherlock meant and so avoided them. He dressed smartly in dark grey wool trousers, a blue button-up shirt and argyle-patterned cardigan. Put on his coat and walked five minutes up the street, then back again, and straight up the stairs to Sherlock’s flat.
A soft knock on the open door as he stepped closer, cleared his throat, “Uh, hi, Sherlock? I wonder if you’ve got a--Wow.”
John’s mouth opened as if he might say something, and stared at the phone in his hand as if it were a suddenly unfamiliar object, beaming incomputable data at him. At last he texted back,
Sherlock rested his hands on John’s wrists, drew one palm to his lips and kissed the heel of John’s hand. He forced a turn, face to face, and reached for John’s belt. He half-smiled, dirty mischief in it. John held Sherlock’s face hard by the jaw and kissed his mouth open, tasting Sherlock’s tongue with his own.
They arrived with time to spare—enough for Rosie to use the restroom, be sent back to wash her hands, and to introduce herself to a boy a bit younger than her, sitting quiet and stiff in a necktie and high-shine shoes.
Sherlock resolved not to buy her milk at Speedy’s anymore on school mornings; he would just start a fund with the unspent cash and pay her not to whinge about wanting things they both knew she did not actually want. He wondered if not buying her milk could mark him out as a failing parent, though. Didn’t children require milk at intervals? Over quite a long time, it had certainly seemed so. For their bones.
Sherlock could feel John’s spine stiffen, and his hands fell away from Sherlock’s face—Sherlock imagined them hovering in the air beside his head even as he let it fall against John’s shirtfront, one button-edge digging gently into the corner of his forehead—and John exhaled his name.
“Not my boyhood bedroom, either, I’m afraid,” Sherlock offered apologetically, as they fitted easily into one another’s arms, hands stroking over shirtfronts and reaching into rear pockets.
Sherlock sat. John’s shoulders were soft, and he wore a light, closed-lipped smile. He was doctoring.
Mutterings of agreement could be heard all over the room. Sherlock had clenched his fists the second he sat; easing his fingers open revealed red half-moon slits dug into his pale palms. John had told him he looked good. Coach Lestrade had said the Gold Rush were just lucky. Twenty minutes and it would be done. His teammates would work on scoring; with any luck he’d have an easy third.
He tied this buttonhole, as well. Holly and a birch twig--he’s clever that way. Sees things others wouldn’t, finds their beauty and shows it to you.
“Stay and have a kip. Find us a good place to have dinner,” Sherlock told him. John kissed him on the shoulder.
“Maybe,” Sherlock replied, though he knew he had nothing of the sort. “Yeah, maybe.” His hands were tingling; his face was tingling; his head seemed to float a foot above his shoulders. His heart was pounding so loud Sherlock was sure he could hear it through the wall of his chest.
As each child moved away, they were handed a gift by a volunteer, and many of them turned back to call out their thanks. Some came back around after having opened it to show how it worked, tell how it filled in a gap in their collection, say it was just what they wanted. John was astonished by how easily and wholly they believed in the magic of it. Of a crippled, sad man in a silly suit, who was going to tell their mum they loved her.
“I think Iain’s just asked you on a date right here in front of me,” Sherlock teased, knowing it might make Iain uncomfortable to know Sherlock saw him, plain as day. Sherlock was not jealous, but he found himself feeling territorial. Which he knew was hypocritical given he still had Steven the real estate developer’s business card in the pocket of his coat and had not yet officially declined his invitation to “something regular.”
“Look, Holmes,” the coach began, in a different tone, looking Sherlock in the eyes with a new brand of intensity. “You’re my guy. You’re part of why I took this job. I know you’re solid; I haven’t got a single doubt that this is just a scratch on the record.”
“It must be gratifying to know she has such pride in your accomplishments,” Sherlock mused, grimly wondering what it must be like to have an engaged and supportive family.
could be saved? Sherlock had trusted John since the day they met, trusted his judgment. And John had judged them a failure. Could he be wrong?
“I will defend that child with my life,” Sherlock said, serious once more. “There is no one in the world better for her than you are. And I’ll die defending that, as well.”
“Fuck it, Holmes, what are you—jerking off in there?” George was annoyed; perhaps it was not just Sherlock who needed a few minutes with some hand lotion and a dirty movie playing soundlessly on a screen the size of an index card.
John’s head nodded softly against Sherlock’s chest. After a moment he murmured, “I can’t take her from you, Sherlock. I couldn’t. I was just. . .”
Sherlock waved it away. They fell quiet, each to his own worries and up-too-late thoughts, and enjoyed the wine and the quiet, ears out for any whimper or cry from the room upstairs. After a few minutes, John drained the last of his glass and stretched a bit, stifling a yawn.
. His instinct was to keep it in check—ever aware as he was of nothing in his life being easy despite all being as it should be—but he couldn’t seem to. His man was remarkable, a perfect fit, a wonderful surprise given Sherlock’s propensity for slutting around. Having found a man who would have his back, who he had allowed himself to feel complicated things for, who he would choose again, every day, three times a day or more, Sherlock felt plain lucky. It couldn’t be anything else but luck; it took skill to be the best goaltender in the NHL, but he knew he’d done absolutely nothing to earn or deserve a partner like John Watson.
“Can we join you? Jordan told us this was where we’d find all the best people,” Sherlock said, tilting his face just so, working his best angles. A young-middle aged woman in a dotted necktie and dark-rimmed eyeglasses returned his smile and motioned for Sherlock and John to take two nearby chairs. They exchanged first names, and someone commented on Sherlock’s being unusual, inquired casually. There were introductions made to those immediately nearby—this one worked the front desk, that one was a host at the fine dining restaurant, another did something in an office somewhere, supervising something Sherlock could not be bothered to remember even a few seconds after it was said.
Sherlock pursed his lips and hummed, a downward sliding tone John did not like the sound of. What was even more troubling to hear was Sherlock’s artificially formal reply, in a register he usually saved for strangers he had future uses for and so was unwilling to offend. John’s shoulders stiffened.
Above the sink in the kitchen John shared with his landlady, there was a small greenhouse window--a glass box jutting out from the wall, with two shelves on which to set houseplants. Mrs Hudson must not have the greenest of fingers, because there was only one lonely pot on the middle shelf: a miniature ivy with a yellow satin ribbon tied in a bow, tucked into the soil on a plastic stake. John imagined it must have been a gift once upon a time. It seemed not to need much tending; it was hardly exuberant but none of its leaves were dry. After the first few trips John had made to the kitchen, he’d stopped really seeing it; it was just part of the run-the-taps scenery, same as the glass surrounding it, same as the chipped brick wall beyond.
Rosie was walking a bumble-bee path along the pavement, mostly trailing John, sometimes ahead, and whenever she landed beside him she refused his hand. John bit back a sigh. She wasn’t being mouthy in her plain-spoken reply, he knew; she really wasn’t bothered about lateness, which was pure proof that regardless of any given adult’s military-precise internal clock, children were fully-formed personalities nearly from the minute of their first breath, and would not always fall in line.
He sat down with his laptop, at the table, facing the open door (another cause of his pain: as he could never put his back to a door, he was forced to sleep on his bad side; the room was all wrong for him; he still hadn’t found another one suitable and cheap enough). Just as his fingers settled on the keys, there came a distressing racket above him, Sherlock’s huge feet, not walking. He was here, there, and everywhere, random landing spots for every step, some light, some heavy. It carried on for long moments, then stopped.
John laid his hands on the tabletop, indicative of an intention to rise from his chair. “I’ll have a chat with her about toning it down,” he said, with a degree of
“I think to keep herself from lashing out physically,” the teacher inserted, “Which is actually a good thing. We want them to begin disciplining their own bodies, at this age.”
Sherlock found the landmarks, nodded, worked at Steven’s belt. The hands roaming his torso moved on to resculpt the curve of his arse, brushed hard against the button placket of his trousers, and drifted sideways and down, feeling for the shape of his prick. Sherlock’s breath caught, and the tycoon hummed satisfaction.
“Here, c’mere.” His head pulled back by the hair at his crown, and he spit, and it landed on his own thigh. Tight grip around his upper arm to urge him to his feet, and a stumble to the bed. “Face down,” Steven commanded, and Sherlock obediently lay down on his belly, mashed his face into the bleachy pillow, nodding, nodding,
Relevant facts were that he and John had slept together, and had confessed enduring feelings. He supposed he could only prove the truth of his own feelings, but for the sake of simplifying a thought experiment was willing to assume John was also being genuine. In the past few weeks their interactions had been mostly pleasant, reminding Sherlock of how they’d been at their best. Which of course begged contrast with their final two years together, which had ranged from dull at best to harrowing at worst. He wondered if it was generally considered good form to weight all the years of a relationship equally; was a good year a one-to-one comparison with a bad year? Their worst year seemed to have been more intensely bad than their best year had been good. But there was the effect of time to consider as well:  the bad years being more recent perhaps had an out-size effect on the perception of overall happiness through the course of time. Though with Sherlock’s nearly-eidetic memory, if anyone should be able to sense the balance of recent bad and more distant good, it should be him. Did one bad year cancel out two good ones? Did the best years bring more benefit than the middling ones did harm?
“Yeah.” John shrugged. “I don’t know why I thought you’d just say your goodbyes and she’d be ready to go off to school as normal tomorrow.” His face crumpled horribly, and he covered part of it with the handkerchief in his hand. He shuddered. “I really am pretty terrible at this sometimes.”
“It’s no use. Stay down,” Sherlock repeated. Ryan was on knees and elbows, with his head between his hands, snarling. He stayed down.
“Well, thank you. That’s kind,” John said. Mrs Hudson fussed with the kettle, brewing up some foul-smelling green tea she scooped from a plastic bag. “Thanks, too, for the wreath.”
John set his wine glass on the side table and caressed its foot with his fingertip, listening, with his lip-corners just barely lifted.
“I’ll come,” he warned, trying to slow the pace of Steven’s jerking, afraid of spending his cum all over the leatherbound books and polished wood shelves.
John’s smile widened. “Summer in London—close the deal on that space we saw and start fitting out your restaurant.”
“Before I knew which way was up, I was naked, flat on my back, holding my knees while he licked my arsehole,” John told him, and his tongue darted in and out between his own lips, a nervous tic that drove Sherlock half-mad, and had done since the first time they’d spoken.
“Yeah, come,” Steven muttered somewhere over his left shoulder. “I know you liked choking on my cock
Past Sherlock’s shoulder, John spotted the edge of a green glass ashtray that had always lived on the mantel, pushed far back on top the fridge where Rosie wouldn’t see it. He sipped the whiskey and grimaced his appreciation, then set the glass down on the table.
“And it doesn’t cost any money!” Rosie said enthusiastically, as if she had been frugal her whole life and was pleased at the opportunity to flaunt her thriftiness.
“So I’ve heard,” Sherlock replied, and John could tell he was attempting a joke at his own expense, not John’s.
Rosie whinged a bit, but it seemed rote. She knew his answer, but was compelled to express her disappointment just as surely as she had been to ask in the first place. John was relieved she had not asked for a baby brother called George—or perhaps called Peach Smoothie, after one of the newest tiny plastic cats.
“—broken up.” John did the thing with his hands behind his back, looking down at his own fidgeting foot.
John groaned, and sniffed, and turned his head to rest his cheek against Sherlock’s chest. He went soft in Sherlock’s embrace, surrendering.
“The bollocks on you. Honestly,” John gusted, shaking his head, his face in that horrid smile-frown he used when thoroughly disgusted. “Never have you once in her life expressed an interest in this, and now? I get a fucking letter—not even a letter, a damned proclamation, is what it is. All I’m to do is sign it. No discussion, no objections—of which I have some, I’ll tell you that—just sign the fucking thing, or else what?”
In the room, coach Lestrade talked at them, neither pleased nor riled. Sherlock didn’t hear a word of it, and once the coach turned them loose, he dug out his phone from his duffel and texted John.
“But only with your blessing,” Sherlock concluded. “I realise it ties us together in a way that may feel too close, especially since we’ve—”
“So, safely assuming that your speeches and lunches and meetings on the west coast were productive and pleasant and that you were brilliant,” he began, “I feel I must ask whether you met anyone interesting.”
At last John was cornered into introducing Sherlock to his writing coach and editor, Iain Westcott, the professor with enough time on his hands to attend John’s talks on weekdays. Apparently. They ran into John’s poet in the middle of Boston Common—Sherlock and John on their way back to the flat from a movie theatre on the edge of Chinatown, Iain walking to one of the classes he taught at Emerson College, also on the edge of Chinatown. John hugged him, which Sherlock found unusually demonstrative, and Iain offered Sherlock a handshake and told him he’d heard so much about him from John.
She offered him ice water in a plastic cup which he gratefully accepted; he was over-warm in the heavy velvet suit and his well-polished army boots, not to mention the blanket of facial hair and the hat with its built-in fringe of white hair around the ears and neck.
“In that case, consider yourself deputised. Count the heads, everyone out. Out, out!” Sherlock waved his arms at them, shooing them, trailing as he worked his phone. “Lestrade, it’s me. Bomb squad to Hounslow bus garage, soon as you can manage. Orpington, too. I realise there’s only so many available, but there are
John grimaced. “He hears just fine. But he’s…” He did not wish to be casually cruel about Sherlock’s nature, even to a stranger, and so finished, “Quirky.”
, John acquiesced, but only to put an end to the discussion. He did not want to be friends with Sherlock. He never had. Friends went to pubs and talked about nothing important.
“I wanted to choke on it,” Sherlock muttered, and he felt John’s full-body shiver in response, including a break in the rhythm of his stroking.  They kissed again, and one or the other wordlessly suggested moving to the bed, so they took the few required steps and landed on their sides, face to face. Sherlock’s shirt was bunched up beneath his armpits; John’s trousers were around his knees, and he worked one leg free, but left the other.
At the moment, however, he was in the formal dining room, standing respectfully by while the lady of the house surveyed the table, laid for sixteen with delft blue china and Irish crystal. She gave instructions to the housekeeper, Molly Hooper, about the flow of the evening’s party, including how many minutes should be allowed for dessert, which ash trays the men should be offered after dinner, and which parlor games should be available to the ladies once they had moved to the drawing room.
Sherlock’s eyes were glued to his laptop screen and his tone was distracted. “No. . .not really. . .”
John swam up beside Sherlock, taut shoulders glistening with water droplets, bright eyes squinting against the brilliant sunlight. “It’s warm as a bath,” he marveled, standing bent-kneed, his arms gently figure-eighting through the saltwater. His smile was also brilliant, in every sense, and Sherlock leaned in to kiss it.
The Carolina Vikings were no match for the Brawlers even on their own home ice, and Sherlock got the win in their last game before the holiday break. Christmas eve was spent in Hamilton with John’s sister Kim, and the two took on the challenge of near-silent sex in the guest bedroom in Kim’s little house, holding their breath, swallowing each other’s noises, sensitive to every creak of the mattress or thud of the headboard. Christmas morning she had friends over for brunch; notably absent was Shane Thurston, though when John asked, Kim was quite casual about the fact he’d invited her to join his family for the holiday, but she thought it was a bit soon. John, ever protective of his sister, seemed happy to let the discussion end there, but Sherlock fixed Kim with a penetrating look and she admitted the relationship was quite serious despite the two not spending Christmas together. Indeed, less than an hour later, she answered a call to her mobile phone and drifted away from the party, behind a closed door.
“Wake up,” Sherlock said loudly, and found the light switch on the wall, then marched to the side of George’s bed. There was a woman beside him; she looked mildly worried, but quickly vanished beneath the edge of the duvet.
“Proving my point. I could spend time researching, or download something ready-made, but it seems like the kind of job that requires personal attention.”
John favoured Sherlock with one of those smiles he had that seemed at once grateful and puzzled, the ever-present,
“Option one,” he said, and got to his feet, pacing like a school lecturer laying out a complex problem. “The zoo. The weather favours fewer of the animals lingering inside their enclosures—neither too warm nor too cold. Additionally, there is a temporary exhibit of spiders I understand is informative as well as mildly terrifying.”
“You’re amazing,” John said. “You and your perfect words.” He pinched the ring out of Sherlock’s grasp and slipped it on. “Fits,” he smiled, and leaned in, begging a kiss Sherlock happily bestowed. John rubbed his fingertip over the whirled engraving on the ring’s surface. “Is this a fingerprint?”
Jordan arrived with a decent approximation of afternoon tea—exotic fruits replacing the more expected berries and apples in the bite-size tarts, and seafood finger sandwiches subbing in for ham salad—and set the electric kettle humming while he readied the cups and pot.
Sherlock curled up closer to himself, drawing in his knees. “How thoughtful,” he said, and meant it, though it sounded as if he was teasing. “After the game with the Thrashers, I’m on a plane to Philadelphia, and you come home. This is madness. Call the Brawlers’ office and ask them to take you back. Here.” He held out his phone. “Use mine.”
Stepping into his jeans, Sherlock burned so bright with a desire to agree, strip off, let himself be used and used again until he was all used up, the heat of it made him hurry to leave. He’d felt off-kilter and stupid since the moment Steven had opened the door; now things felt dangerous, and not only because he’d been spoken to scornfully and held by the throat.
Moments later he was out the door, no formalities, no promises, no kiss goodbye. It was fine. A shift of his shirt cuff covered a red mark that nearly encircled his wrist. In the car, urging the driver to do what he could to avoid traffic and just get him there as fast as possible, he scrolled the past few days’ texts with John, triple checking he did not sound preoccupied, distant, or lost. He still wasn’t sure he hadn’t, though he wanted to believe it was all fine. Nearly a week since he’d seen him, over a week until he would again. He should have told Steven to lose his number. His face tingling to numbness. Reminding himself everything was as it should be, even—or sometimes especially—when everything felt wildly out of alignment.
“Show me,” he muttered, and John obliged, adjusting his phone to give Sherlock a view of most of his torso, and of his hand working quick and tight around his big cock. Sherlock cursed and rolled his slippery palm over his crown before stroking downward.
“Late night for her,” Sherlock offered. They sat across from each other as ever they had—Sherlock wondered if he should have rearranged the chairs by now, if what had once been cosy was now confrontational—and sipped at the wine, which was thick-legged, smooth across the tongue, with intense notes of cherry and cedar.
Face to face, more kisses, deep and then lighter, their loud breath evolving into moans, and Sherlock fumbled in the bedside drawer for the same old bottle, and John took it and squeezed out exactly as much as they needed—some for you, more for me—and with entangled fingers they reached down. John guided Sherlock’s fingers around his thick shaft, showed him just the way, grunted and kissed him and took him in hand. John’s hair tickled Sherlock’s chin, caught lightly against the end-of-day stubble there, as he tilted his head down to watch them stroking each other, forearms crossed and brushing.
Laughed and slapped his hand over his mouth to stop laughing--christ is that the--shh!--sthat the time?--and knew he should drink water but the tiny fucking room had no sink. Blankets. Pulled them down, wrapped them around, curled tight on his side on the floor by the bed.
John settled into the red armchair with fidgety relief, stroking the threadbare spot on the right arm, though his instinct was to pick at it. He let go a sigh, willing his shoulders down, but they began creeping upward again almost immediately. “Woman comes in with three kids—one about Rosie’s age, maybe a bit younger, a boy; little girl, about two; and an infant-in-arms—and she’s already making the hair stand up on the back of my neck, you know?, before I’m halfway in the door. Her affect’s all wrong, slurring, losing her train of thought—at one point I was afraid she might drop the baby off her lap. So I step out and ask for the social worker to come.”
“I thought you’d be taller,” his mother commented, as Sherlock slid her coat up her arms and onto her shoulders. “But otherwise, you’re almost exactly as I imagined.” She turned to Sherlock and beamed at him. “You’ve done well for yourself, Sherlock.” Back to John: “You take the best care of him, or you’ll have me to answer to.” There was an edge to the playful warning that made John feel he--if he had actually been dating Sherlock--really should tread carefully lest he get on the bad side of Mother Holmes.
“He only did commercial work.” Mycroft’s pinched smile belied the familiar glint in his eyes; Sherlock was missed. “In any case, Mother’s afraid without the compulsion of maintaining the family pile, she’d never see you again.”
John Watson, he’s called. He grew the roses; he’s the gardener. It’s strange I know, it was strange to me--more that he seemed to like me than the other. I knew that about myself. Likely you did, too. Remember how fragile I was, as a boy.
“The cane. Well. And the limp.” He was afraid to take another step, for fear the pain and its outward expression would return as suddenly as it had (apparently) gone.
They identified themselves, Sherlock acknowledged he understood his rights and responsibilities, and John affirmed his consent. Rosie explained that John was her dad that had made her, and Sherlock was her other dad, and for a while they both were too angry to live together but now they were talking to a man who was helping them be more nice to each other. Yes, she liked her teacher and did well at school. Yes, she was glad it was summer holidays and was looking forward to beginning Year Three. Is it time for me to read the card on that present?
“McInearney’s on fire so far this season,” John offered, referencing the Gold Rush second-line center, just then skating past his team’s bench to bump gloves in celebration of his goal, the first of the game.
He greeted his friends and stood between Sherlock’s and John’s chairs, leaning forward a bit with his hands resting on the seat backs. “You made it,” he commented. He tucked his lips between his teeth and pressed them back and forth a bit. “Nice to see you both.”
No more drinking alone. No more cheap whisky. And--dear god, his back--no more sleeping on the floor.
“Ouch! Hey!” he protested, and pushed Sherlock gently away with the tips of his fingers. “You’re right, though. Back to reality on Monday.” He sighed.
Hovering over his own shoulder, Sherlock congratulated himself for getting halfway through the game without shitting the bed. He avoided looking at the scoreboard, just to keep from jinxing himself and his team. Sprayed his face with his water bottle, fired some into his mouth, spit it across his crease.
“Hard to go wrong,” John agreed. “Favourite Christmas food?” He proffered the question as a conversation-maker, in a tone that made it sound like a life-or-death challenge.
“This is not about Mycroft! It’s about you—” He pointed. “And me.” Pointed again. “Sherlock, we were never made for this. Every day we do ten things that prove that. And one of these times, someone will notice, and they’ll
John put aside self-recrimination to attend to his daughter’s distress. “We were at his flat just last week, remember?”
John had the cash for the gratuity already clenched in his fist, and he paced in front of the door, looking at his watch.
Repeatedly, Sherlock’s inner voice wanted to remind him in alarmed tones that this was not where they were meant to be, that John was not his partner nor even his doctor anymore. He hushed it and concentrated on the sensation of his headache draining away from beneath the skin of his face. He exhaled long and loud. After another breath, he put his arms around John’s back.
Not only Ms Shea, but the head teacher, headmistress, and two other women filed into the room. Sherlock sat up straighter and John’s clutched knuckles went a bit white.
John subscribed to an app that allowed him to meet virtually with a therapist, via text message. They had two scheduled, forty-minute chats per week, and she made herself available for check-ins and follow-ups in between. So far John had explained what had brought him to her: that he had been with a male partner on and off for about ten years, the last seven raising his daughter together, and that he wanted to be sure he was handling the changes in the best way for her. He’d tried to be fair to them both when summarising the break-up, but knew in the end he’d put nearly all the blame on Sherlock and spared precious little for himself. He explained their visitation arrangement, which amounted to shared custody with Rosie’s time split evenly between their two homes. When the therapist had asked if the child’s mother had any part in her life, John had left it at, “None,” and she didn’t press for details. Most people reckoned the total absence of a mother from a child’s life implied horrors better left out of polite conversation, or assumed that he and Sherlock had adopted Rosie together. He imagined the therapist, who was called Denise, likely fell into one of these two camps.
Sherlock considered telling John what he’d discovered of George’s extracurricular activities, about pills and vials of powder, and the fact Sherlock’s brain kept circling back to the topic, and that it was wearying in its perseverance. To constantly ignore the possibility of unattended drugs two rooms away was energy-draining. Sherlock had briefly toyed with the idea of requesting a room change, but knew it would be refused—if one wanted it, they’d all want it; the entire season’s travel arrangements had already been made; they were paired up at random to avoid just that sort of whinging. And it was not as if Sherlock could assert his reason for it without selling out his teammate as a drug user, something he would never do. In the end it was less complicated to just grit his teeth and bear it, having made it clear to George evidence of his habit must be kept well out of Sherlock’s sight. Sherlock was tempted in various ways every day, regardless. The insistent lure of his own, tamed-down habits was nothing new, and Sherlock had but to resist it, as he had been doing for over five years. To coin a phrase, Sherlock must, as ever, keep clean and carry on.
“No,” John agreed, condescending. “I didn’t say you would. I said a journey into your mind palace makes you just as absent as if you had gone out the door and down the road. And while you were there, Rosie got so ill you ended up in Casualty.”
Sherlock didn’t wait for a reply, or perhaps was letting John off the hook by not pressing the issue. He turned to the counter girl and requested two more cappuccinos, to stay.
As if sensing John’s concerns, he added, “I’ve a brother with his fingers in a lot of Her Majesty’s pies.”
Below are five available dates/times, please let me know which works best and I will look forward to seeing you both.
After a breath-long silence, Sherlock said, “You know I’d never put her in danger.” He watched his own hand as he set his glass aside, to purposely miss whatever John’s reaction may be.
“Not much to work with in December, I notice,” he mused. “It gave me all that much more appreciation for your handiwork.” With one last push and pull at the head of the pin, he seemed pleased and smoothed the shirtfront with his fingers, just beside the buttonhole he’d made for John—a small pine cone, snow-in-summer, the tiniest chick from a pot of hens-and-chickens John had left on the kitchen table for the season. “You look very smart,” Sherlock said with finality.
“Excellent,” Sherlock nodded at him, bending himself to reach John’s back, which he scratched a bit. “It’s a very good shirt,” he complimented.
John had given a wildly abbreviated version of the story to his therapist, in the context of spending two hours with Sherlock and Rosie, in their old flat, and how very unlike old times it felt.
Sherlock turned his head, not too quickly, and saw their swarthy young hotel host maneuvering behind the back of a woman gesturing wildly with a drink in one hand. He tapped John’s thigh with the back of his knuckles and John angled his gaze. He might have hummed, but Sherlock wasn’t sure. Jordan was dressed in casual but smart clothes—pale, lightweight trousers; narrow-striped button-up shirt with the sleeve cuffs turned back; narrow gold chain just visible inside hisopen collar. His longish hair was fuller and looser, cascading down to brush one cheekbone..
Sudden, heavy motion beside him and a blur of blue and beige in his peripheral vision told him John was sitting up, moving aside. Going away. More peripheral motion, of John picking up the tumbled bedding they’d abandoned on the bed’s foot and now on the floor.
“Why are you so frowning?” Rosie asked as she emerged, automatically showing him that her hands were damp, proving they had been washed.
Mags: So you think that statement was genuine, and not just spin control or covering their butts ‘just in case’?
“I do indeed,” Sherlock agreed, and forced a grin. “It’s a fine picture. I’ll tack it up?” Without waiting for a reply, Sherlock crossed to the fire and pinned the drawing up on the wall by the mantel, amidst an array of letters and photos he’d been lately rearranging, for a case that was no more than a three, but which paid a lot. “So, which will it be: zoo or
They added soft words and expulsions of held breath to the mild ambient noise, and after awhile, growls and moans. Despite Sherlock’s overpreparedness—a sex-shop display of scented and flavoured lubricants, insertable and vibrating toys, straps and ribbons and a silk-satin eye mask—in the end they needed only themselves, hands and tongues and a steady undulation of their bodies, as close as they could get. Wordless. Winded. Together to the finish, mouths open to catch each other’s breath.
“Sorry, Mrs H,” John muttered, then shouted, “Sherlock!” Mrs Hudson let out a wittering sound, and Sherlock stepped backward from the door. John’s feet thudding up the stairs, the gentle shush of the front door as Mrs Hudson closed it behind him.
“Oh?” Sherlock encouraged him, and reached beneath the hem of his t-shirt, hands sliding up along the delicious geography of John’s muscular back.
John fixed them lunch from what he could find on-hand, which wasn’t much because their landlady Mrs Hudson had recently spent two nights in the hospital getting treated for pneumonia. They’d sent flowers and as John dictated what Sherlock should put on the card, the two half-joked that they should probably not rely so heavily on her habit of stocking their kitchen during Brawlers road trips. Sherlock suggested John arrange grocery deliveries; John fired back that he did, actually, work all week even when Sherlock was not there to see it. Apologies and forgiveness were quickly exchanged, but the issue of who would fill the fridge was left unresolved.
John scooped and served, they carried on gently jesting with each other, and John got down on the floor to rearrange the cats per Rosie’s instructions until Sherlock told her it was time to clean her teeth and put on her pyjamas. With minimal moaning, she complied, leaving the two men to washing-up duty, Sherlock rinsing the spoons and John loading the toys into a basket.
“Mine.” Sherlock held up his thumb. “An artist in Kansas City makes them; luckily I find myself there a few times a year. Had it made, my last time through.”
Sherlock took a breath and held it a moment before quick-sighing, “Rosie, mostly,” he said, and it was jarring every time he didn’t call her
He jogged past the second set of gates, keeping his gaze fixed ahead of him. An oncoming young mother with a toddler kicking in a pram forced him to swerve left, and once he’d passed the imaginary barrier into the park, it was so easy as to be nearly automatic. Sherlock took a sharp turn, ran on, cutting off the half-mile or so it would have taken to circle around. Just past the halfway mark, he knew of a particular left-turn path that would take him past a derelict woodframe band shell surrounded by patchy grass and deteriorating wood benches. Not the park’s most appealing feature at the best of times, on a late weekday morning it was universally ignored by playground-bound nannies with their charges, and offered no helpful track for businesspeople cutting through on their way from the banking district to meetings in legal offices across town. But every city had a place where the friendless convened, and given its proximity to coffee shops with public restrooms, the nearby steady stream of people who might be persuaded to part with their spare change, and the police having better things to do than to discourage the daily roll-call of vagabonds and runaway teens, the disused old stage had become that meeting place.
“Worth a try, then. If you’re feeling, you know.” It was clear John still held a pro hockey player’s full complement of superstition; he was hesitant to utter a word anywhere close to what both of them were—silently, in the back of their minds—worried about. Just slightly worried. It was too early to name it. And the fear of it could bring it on—any fool knew that—so it was better to never let the thought enter one’s mind in the first place. Don’t invite the vampire to cross the threshold. Don’t speak of the devil, lest he appear. And don’t, for god’s sake, ever suggest you or someone on your team might be showing signs of—
They made tentative non-plans and let each other go. Once they’d walked far enough that there was no risk of Iain overhearing, John complained, “What was that all about? You embarrassed him. Purposely.”
“It’s fairly revolting and would require three times its price in renovations just to be habitable.”
“Ready to go?” He guided her with a hand on her shoulder, always slightly in front of him where he could see her. “Wait until you see the new stuff I got for your bed. Sheets and four pillows, two blankets, and a yellow patchwork quilt for the top.” He rambled, talking up the one-and-a-half room flat the entire Tube ride until he’d surely built up her expectations to the point where she could not but be disappointed when she saw it.
Mike: It’s hockey, though. It’s a macho culture. It might be even tougher for players to be out in the workplace, when the workplace—the team—is so masculine-centric, as opposed to in some office where the dynamics are more person-to-person, office politics, and so on. Not that LGBT issues don’t come up, of course, but the overt hyper-male stuff in a sports team has to create a different atmosphere.
And so Sherlock found himself thinking about it. Then thinking about why he hadn’t mentioned it to John, and knowing he wouldn’t be mentioning it to him when next they spoke. Once off the bus at the hotel after the game, he idly flicked a thumbnail against the corner of Steven’s business card in his coat pocket, despite knowing it would make him seem desperate if he stooped to contacting the man for the third time in two days.
“I want new papers drawn up,” Sherlock stated, and passed his brother a sheet filled with his own deteriorated handwriting, both front and back, detailing how the new draft should be worded, both what it should and must not include. “I want them in my email in-box by close of business today. And I want the case assigned to a court where no magistrate, clerk, or janitor has ever heard the name of Mycroft Holmes.”
“What about you? Good day at the office?” Sherlock’s eyes wouldn’t open; he curled his toes, then flexed them, while John made circles around his arch.
“Sure. Of course.” He smiled, feeling off-balance. He thought, too late, that he should get up and walk Sherlock to the door, but Sherlock was already nearly there. And then he was through it, and out of sight.
“No trouble,” Sherlock said. He met John’s eyes and with the slightest of smiles said, “Mind your back.”
And so he did. Compensation for his day’s work lying to a crooked surgeon while Sherlock stole x-ray films, then a foot chase that left him buzzing-high on adrenaline, cracking wise about how if this was what all the cases were like, Sherlock should know he was free to assist at anytime. He blinked at the amount to be paid, which was slightly more his current bank balance, effectively assuring at least a roof over his head, into the new year.
Several sleepless nights and one more text-based therapy session later, John had run every possible scenario through his imagination, eliminated the impossible, and settled on the improbable but obvious choice.
SH: There was also a lengthy string of dirty jokes and borderline offensive chirping. Which gave me to know we were all fine. I’ve been out to the team for as long as I’ve been playing, so the only real shock for them was learning John is gay.
“Nevermind it,” Sherlock reassured. They were murmuring, just above a whisper. “You loved him. And I of all people know how fiercely you love.”
“We can’t stay,” Sherlock told her, lying just enough to spare her feelings. It was John’s good influence that he hadn’t stated plainly that he didn’t want to stay.
“Show me,” Sherlock panted. “Show me your hand on your prick.” John did as he was told, and Sherlock opened his eyes to take in the thrilling image of John’s surprisingly delicate fingers in a ring around his big cock, a squeezing slide from root to crown, dragging his foreskin over on the upstroke, then down again to expose the slick, dark-pink head. Sherlock cursed, and bit his lips. “I’d have fucked you,” he said, “Lick you, suck you, pin you there with your legs in the air, fuck you so hard. So hard.”
