Sherlock didn’t take it, merely glared at it before rolling his eyes, arms crossed tight over his chest as he turned to glare back over to John.
"Well, you have just killed a man." Sherlock wanted it to be known that he hadn't asked because he cared, that he was merely curious about his state of mind from the ordeal of killing.
Mycroft couldn’t trust the words of a man who could so easily give to the pleasures of the body. Gregory wasn’t worth it. No one was worth feeling for. Sentiment was a weakness. Mycroft needed to keep reminding himself of that.
"Switching both of your suppressants with vitamins was something that needed to be done to ensure the betterment of your relationship."
“John.” Sherlock said, laughter dying out, but the smile tugging at the ends of his lips remained, realizing why John was reacting like he was now.
Luckily Harry expected this, wrapped her arm around his waist and wound one of John’s arms around the back neck. The two hobbled around the car and to a building, civilians passing by stared on with curiosity, but none seemed to scent his heat.
“Lestrade.” John said after Lestrade had shown him to his room and started heading back to the living room again.
Victor?” Sherlock snarled, leaning over the table, seeming to not want to attract attention, yet the volume of his voice raised a fraction more when he did.
"Sorry." Sherlock shut his eyes and lowered his left leg to rest it against John's bent knee, balancing it there as John nuzzled him and gave soft thrusts of his tip in and out.
John’s cock was thick, nearly as thick as Sherlock's, something unusual for omegas, but his length was average for an omega, smaller than an alpha and beta, 5.5 inches. John never really cared about his size—he wasn’t made for breeding, only birthing pups. Every time his fertility was tested, he scored higher than average; exceptionally fertile was what he’d always been told. His gynecologist was most certain he’d birth as many pups as his alpha’s virility would allow. A grade 'A' omega.
Sherlock's omega might want John, but not the logical part. The omega side was breaking free, but Sherlock's tenacious will hindered its progress. Sherlock wasn't powerful enough to hold it off for long, his sense of logic would fade out. Then the primal need within would force him to take actions he might not have allowed otherwise.
The two finished the rose maze and headed back to the estate. They’d separated inside, Sherlock encouraging him to go to the dining area without him, and that Sherlock would first change before joining him. John could only nod his head, unable to find his words.
Harry kneeled beside John’s shivering form and gripped to his arm in comfort and to catch his attention.
John waited for an answer, but Sherlock said nothing. His eyes breaking away from John’s seeking ones and when Sherlock stepped away to sit in the chair beside the bed, John felt his worries double. He gave Sherlock another long moment to collect his words, but when a flash of pain filled those pale eyes and they didn’t dare meet his, John felt his patience wane.
Shutting his eyes, John bumped Sherlock’s nose with his own. John’s hands mimicking Sherlock’s and caressed his head through the blindness of his closed eyes, drawing the alpha closer, and tipped his head back to press soft kisses against the alpha’s nose, brows, forehead, and cheeks before he once again bumped their noses.
John was going to come, pre-come generously seeping out, descending down his length while some splotched Sherlock’s flat stomach. John wanted to feel Sherlock’s touch there, he wanted Sherlock to bring him off, feel the roughness of his large hand encircle his stout cock.
Sherlock sobbed, his legs helplessly winding around John's head as the alpha shoved two fingers into his omega hole and fucked him ruthlessly, milking him and strengthening his orgasm. Forcing Sherlock to ride his fingers in clumsy undulations and lay helplessly as John devoured his cock.
“You’ve been pretty wired lately, you know you have. I think you’ve just gone out there and got yourself a bit worked up.” John was trying to be comforting, to calm Sherlock and reassure him that things would be okay, but Sherlock took it as condescending and after, he realized he shouldn’t have taken the bait.
"John?" Sherlock pled. John seriously needed to let him know if he wanted this, or if he wanted to never have this conversation again.
John removed his hand from off the omega's shoulder and took a step back when he realized just how close they were and that he could easily watch the flush bloom across the omega's face.
“I don’t care!” Sherlock shouted angrily and John tensed, never had Sherlock yelled at him, not like this. The alpha’s body shook as he continued speaking, words wavering from out of him.
John found himself a nice cottage in the outskirts of Dublin Ireland. Every Tuesday and Thursday John would head out to the city and see his new therapist that had been recommended, Emily Gold. She had a soft voice and approached John's past with care. They'd spoken about a great many of things, and it wasn't just because John trusted her abilities as a therapist. What made him open up more than anything was his wish that the sooner he'd divulged all those things he kept within, maybe he'd be able to begin to fix himself.
John didn’t want to look; looking caused him to feel all the more conflicted. It made it all the more difficult to see Sherlock as the enemy when he was submitting. The omega inside of him was crying out, both touched and hurt that he’d brought his alpha to demean himself.
Sherlock walked ahead of John and moved to stand before the fountain. When John stood nearby, the lanky alpha sat on the cemented edge of the fountain, hands folded over his chest, his long legs stretched out in front of him and crossed at the ankles.
"Sherlock." John spoke softly, one hand moving to palm his face and making the omega look at him again. "I'm here. Talk to me. Only me."
Harry’s eyes softened and without saying another word, she brought him in close, held him tightly against her and shushed him, as the tears started once again.
John wept, unable to accept Sherlock kept taking what little he could offer. He wanted it to be more. He wanted to give Sherlock everything his mate could give him. Sherlock didn't deserve to wait for him, but he was so willingly open to doing so for John.
“Yes. Punch me. In the face. Didn't you hear me?” Sherlock was exasperated, hating to repeat himself.
Though now he didn’t even have their scenting. He spent the times between his cases alone in his flat, alone with his pained thoughts and the memories of each time John rejected him. He felt as if he was going mad between cases and craved the release that came in the form of his past addiction, but he couldn’t give in. He wouldn’t. He was married now, and though his omega loathed him, he still needed to provide for his husband.
John turned his head away from Sherlock’s tender touch and stared down at the floor, “I wish I’d never met you.”
The dampness of John’s eyes disappeared the harder he clenched his eyes shut, and soon relaxed as sleep overtook him.
John was beaten and lacked the energy to fight. He’d lasted two years. Two years. That was more than John ever thought possible, but then that could be because of the bond. Tattered, partially severed it was, but still it was there and gave him more time than he’d have received without it.
Sherlock had a rather large family, but none of them seemed too familiar with one another, Sherlock certainly didn’t make it a point to talk to any of them other than nodding his head in greeting. That, and when Mrs. Holmes pinched his arm and fed Sherlock words of which she wished him to say to several cousins, two aunts, and one great uncle. John, regardless of immediately disliking them, remained polite and spoke when spoken to, but didn’t go out of his way to carry on a conversation.
Hesitantly, John placed pressure on his thumb and felt it dip within. Only centimeters within, and yet he could feel the molten heat. Sherlock squirmed under him, a pitiful whimper answer enough that the omega wanted more.
John Watson, born August 25th — a Virgo —, year of the Snake. He was smart, nearly all A’s, a couple of B’s, and one C, but it was workshop and everyone knew that didn’t count. His hobbies and interests consisted of playing rugby, wrestling, kickboxing, spending Tuesday evenings visiting his sick grandmother at her convalescent home. On Wednesday and Thursday afternoons, John worked at his school’s tutoring center and tutored his peers in mathematics and history. On Fridays his parents allowed him and his sister to go out and do whatever they wished, whether it was go out to eat, watch a movie or a sporting event. On Saturdays and Sundays John stayed home with his family, and if they were to do something, it was always together; picnicking at the park, shopping at the mall, riding their bikes around town, going to the beach, etc…
Sometimes, John wondered if he should listen to the betas. Was death really better than being an omega? John had never thought himself weak-minded or suicidal, but as the beatings became more frequent and brutal, his mental sureness faltered.
Now, Gregory could see that marrying Jean wasn’t the right choice. Though they never argued, their marriage had no spice, it was plain and dull, but it worked for them. Gregory was busy with working his way up at the department. He had his goal of someday becoming a detective to preoccupy his time. Jean was busy working her way up in her law firm, taking on more cases and hours to make partner. Their marriage lay in the background of their life goals and that should never be the case with relationships.
Something was seriously wrong and the worst part about it was he couldn’t seem to figure out where to start deducing. He never had to deduce himself, but now, Sherlock knew that in order to understand himself, he’d have to turn his evaluations internally in order to find the truth.
"I don't care to hear your despicable excuses. Now then... Remove your clothes." Sherlock's voice was clipped and to the point.
John brows rose in surprise, stared back down at the flesh before him and lowered his hand. Replacing it with his nose, John dragged his nose up the slope of Sherlock’s neck and inhaled a long breath, seeking out his scent gland, where his scent was the strongest.
Mr. Holmes and Mr. Watson were cheerful over the good news, but thankfully didn’t feel the need to touch John’s
It took his parents another year and a half of arguing and reasoning with one another until they’d agreed upon a future bond mate for John. One night as John prepared himself for bed; his parents came to tuck him in and began to tell him about his promised alpha bond mate.
When John was finally bare of his clothing, he sat once more at the edge of the bed and took himself in hand. He was so hard, his monstrous cock flushed at the head, glossy with pre-come. Stroking at the head, John ran his fingers down the rest of his cock, slicking it up.
When John made to turn left a hand grabbed his arm and spun him around and John now faced a flushed Sherlock. John’s leg gave a painful throb and he clenched tightly onto his cane.
Mycroft cared… And he was suddenly reminded of something Sherlock once said to Irene Adler in relation to her love for him.
Sherlock snarled angrily, suddenly fueled with rage, the omega leapt out of the bed and hurriedly entered his closet and looked for something to wear.
followed. John shuddered, gritting his teeth, striving to hold back, yet was incapable, and roared out the primal call of an alpha as his orgasm vibrated throughout his body.
John just continued to smile sadly down at Sherlock and briefly massaged his scalp, before removing his hand from out of Sherlock’s hair and kneeling beside him.
“I know I said I want my own room, but… it makes sense to do it this way. I mean, eventually we might need to move to a bigger place as the children grow, maybe then we can have separate—”
John sobbed harder, took two steps inside the foyer before wrapping his arms around his sister and sobbing into her shoulder.
“I missed you so much.” John husked, swallowing past the lump in his throat. Hands moving to press against the alpha’s knees, John parted them, giving himself enough space to wedge his body between them and didn’t hesitate wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s neck and bringing him in a firm embrace.
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held tightly to the back of his shirt, fingers gripping to the fine material and wrinkling it.
John never thought Sherlock would come back and ask for his assistance, but God, John wanted to help. He wanted the excitement of a case that promised equal parts adventure and danger, not to mention a chance to possibly work through the distance of their marriage.
“Oh dear god, look at the poor man. You don't actually think I was interested in you? Why? Because you're the great Sherlock Holmes? The clever detective in the funny hat?”
"Oh this is just wonderful. John, I'm so happy for you." Harry commented wholeheartedly contented with this news.
Harry’s grin broadened as John scanned the room and the patrons of the café, they were now staring at him curiously, and some started to giggle. John groaned mortified, and shielded his face with his hand.
As Mycroft exited the hospital and made his way to his waiting vehicle, an agent opening the door for him, he heard Gregory call for him to stop as he rushed the remaining distance.
John shut his eyes and focused on breathing in calm breaths as his alpha wrapped him up in his arms and nuzzled his bond bite. His warm hands rubbed over the cloth of his shirt, tenderly loving at the flesh beneath it as he’d done each night, and as John dozed off, he felt the familiar press of soft lips to his bond mark.
Sherlock unbuttoned his wrists cuffs and shrugged off his shirt before moving to stand in front of John and reached out to balance himself on the alpha's shoulder's. Raising up a leg, Sherlock set his shoe onto the side of John's outer leg and arched a brow.
“Damn you Sherlock. Damn you and that beta to hell. You’ve destroyed this marriage and I can’t fix what you don’t want.” John whimpered, wiping the tears that fell with the sleeve of his shirt.
“Not exactly… I’d gathered information about them before, but seeing them in person… It made things ever clear. I knew it was love, because I couldn’t see myself being without them. Love… To me, love means you can only be yourself when you’re with them, because they make you whole.”
. The first. She has every right I don't!" Sherlock snapped. All at once he felt the anger within build, eyes darkening with distrust.
The omega in John happily lowered one hand, took hold of Sherlock’s own and planted it on his flat stomach.
“So you say, but I don’t care. I don’t care that John and I can never fully bond as an alpha and omega can. I just know what I want and that isn’t an omega.”
Sherlock spun on his heel and let out a grumbling curse, heading to his room. How could he sleep when he’d only read half of the file and there was still so much left to go over?
“Sweet.” John murmured under his breath, swallowing wetly as his senses enhanced and the alpha within came to the forefront. A deep graveling growl broke through the silence and fangs descended, peeking passed his parted mouth. His lips brushed along the silky skin of his omega’s scent gland and without further warning pierced deep.
. Come along honey.” Mrs. Holmes smiled happily, coming up with her own reasons as to why they were so jovial. She wrapped her arm around Mr. Holmes’ and walked off smiling.
Sherlock’s nostrils flared and sharp fangs exposed themselves in a feral snarl of animalistic rage, good enough an answer to his brother’s declaration.
"Lestrade... Have a seat." Mycroft cut in, gesturing to one of the two empty chairs across from him.
Sherlock moaned noisily, running his hand down the expanse of his torso and lower still. Taking hold of himself, his hard cock grew thicker, rising and hardening.
“I’ll walk with you.” She reassured, taking hold of his trembling hand in her own and facing the wedding party with a stern look about her, daring anyone to say anything about her child who’d lost himself to fear for one moment in time. She was a true beta, who held so much power; an alpha wouldn’t be so quick to second guess her.
John paused for a moment, and then stepped aside to allow the man in. What he had not expected was for another gentleman to enter, carrying a small leather bag in hand. John watched surprised when the second man popped out from the side of the hall and entered. He made his way over to John’s small table, set his bag down, opened it and retrieved sterilized medical equipment containing what John knew to be an alpha submissive kit.
John bit the inside of his bottom lip, worrying at it and reluctantly followed after the older man. The home was a maze. He’d gotten lost several times that morning trying to find the dining hall. Fortunately he’d ran into one of the maids and asked for directions. John noticed that they went the opposite direction from where he’d come from. They climbed a lengthy set of staircases and entered an eerily vacant wing of the estate.
John lifted his left hand to Sherlock and the omega shoved the wedding band on before releasing his hand of his grasp. Even with the momentary contact, John felt warmth grow within his chest. The smoothness of Sherlock’s delicately un-calloused hand and the exchanging of rings was such an intimate moment between them and it made John long for more. Wishing more than anything Sherlock would stop fighting.
“It’s okay. I’m okay. We’re okay.” John breathed softly, shutting his stinging eyes and blindly wove his fingers through Sherlock’s fine curls.
"I'm sorry." Sherlock rasped, repeating himself, something John knew Sherlock hated to do, but then again, if he felt truly repentant, he was trying to appease the hurt John felt.
John didn’t need further explanation and sat himself up momentarily to remove the shirt on his own before throwing them in one direction, hearing it smack into something—the wall before it fell to the ground.
“These two have come before you all to affirm their love and commitment for one another…” The priest continued his speech.
John scuffled closer, a soft continuous rumble filling the room, vibrating through his alpha's wide, hard chest. Voicelessly comforting the need of his omega as he hurriedly worked on loosening trousers and Sherlock lifted his hips up, giving John the needed assistance in removing him of his pants and trousers. As John began unbuttoning his shirt, Sherlock squirmed under him, toeing off his shoes, socks before kicking them off the foot of the bed.
Retrieving an oven mitten from the side counter, John removed a pan of golden garlic bread and set it on the counter, unaware of Sherlock staring after him with such fervent longing.
Sherlock struggled to get John Watson out of his mind, and spent many nights lying in bed, holding the now tattered, faded towel in his hand and thinking about his omega. The towel no longer smelled of his omega, but Sherlock had been sure to catalog John’s scent within his mind. What had once started as mere curiosity had developed over the years. Sherlock received files monthly after the first he’d requested from Mycroft. Each time, Sherlock was filled with excitement and fascination. John Watson beguiled him.
John glanced away from Sherlock, and stared at the wall, feeling unexpectedly unsure. Though they hadn’t talked about it in full detail, John had thought because he hadn’t found the towel in the sock drawer that night, Sherlock discarded it, but apparently he was wrong.
John’s shut his eyes tightly, willing the reappearance of tears away as he struggled to moderate his breathing, because breathing was all the more so difficult with this knowledge.
Mary really cared for him. John knew this when the woman continued to visit him after he'd resigned. Even when John moved out of 221B Baker Street and to a secluded home in a rural area of the countryside. John now lived less than 30 minutes from his in-laws and just over two hours from London.
John remained where he kneeled, watching Sherlock. His husband lay frailly on his back, head pressing heavily on the pillow, his arms moving to rest themselves at his sides. Swallowing loudly, catching Sherlock's piercing stare, John stood and proceeded to strip himself of his clothing.
“Yes.” The omega moaned, burying his head in a pillow and moaning again when the alpha lowered on all fours, plastering his body over the omega’s form.
“John.” Sherlock pleaded. “I wished I’d shown an interest sooner than I had, I would have learned how they were treating you in school, and stopped it before it’d gotten so bad. I didn’t know, and now you can never love me because I’m an alpha.”
"Mycroft! That bloody weasel did something to our suppressants, switched it with something, all so that what's happened could happen." Sherlock rushed to explain and finished buttoning up his dress shirt.
“John.” Sherlock interrupted the loaded silence building between them the longer John stared longingly at him.
Two puppies caught Sherlock's attention. They both shared a large glass box with five other puppies. One dog had a red nose, was a multi-colored puff ball, sprinkled in gray, black and brown, with large chunks of white. Its eyes were a shocking blue. The other puppy was a honey brown dog, with a black saddle back and floppy long ears, black nose with a long snout, and sad dough-brown eyes.
Lestrade nodded, feeling slightly guilty as he knew that though he was helping John out, he was also doing this for more selfish reasons — like having another surprise visit from a certain government official.
“It’s alright. I understand you. I don’t need any presents or expressions of care, just…” John paused, glancing down and staring at Sherlock’s chest whilst the man inhaled softly and exhaled, before raising his gaze once more.
Sherlock spent a good hour pacing the floor of his home, deliberating his options and circumstances. Mycroft wouldn't take his home away from him. The gentleman was responsible for his trust funds and when their parents someday passed on, he'd handle Sherlock's inheritance. Sherlock's past drug abuse was the reason he'd lost control of his funds. But now that he was bonded to the alpha, that responsibility would soon be handed over to John Watson.
"I'm not an idiot. I understand you have... needs. I will not accommodate those needs forever. I need to bed you in order to right my mind further, but until I feel that I am able...
“Oh let me guess, I get killed.” Sherlock drawled unimpressed; it would not be the first, nor the last death threat he received.
Ella stared on with concern. John was her patient and she cared about him, like she cared about all her other patients. Still, John was different. John was her first omega patient, the first omega she’d ever met, and she knew how omegas were tremendously loyal and sensitive when their status was placed into question by their alpha. Alphas weren’t generally monogamous and it was always excruciating for an omega to accept their alpha wanted another lover.
“No, it isn’t,” Sherlock hissed, because that couldn’t be. Not after all he’d done for them. John would understand Sherlock’s sacrifice, even if Mycroft couldn’t. Sherlock had done this for John.
Sherlock paused, and watched as John hurriedly made his way to him. Grinning brightly, John threw caution to the wind, wrapped his arms around the alpha and planted a firm kiss to his lips.
So that was how John found himself sitting in Mycroft Holmes' office, waiting for the gentleman to join him. The government official's secretary had kindly ushered him to take a seat and wait for the older man who would meet him shortly.
John stared warily up at the lanky man. When had he arrived? How long had he been watching him? Why did he seem so shy around him? He was an alpha for God’s sake, why was he pretending to be so… so…
Sherlock did, finally give in; he’d moved closer to John, observing him from the concern of his eye.
Sherlock felt strong arms wrap around his waist and soft supple lips graze the back of his neck. He finally took notice that the sun had risen and John was awake.
“I asked my parents if we could use this room to have dinner alone. I thought it would be a nice change to… Well, come sit.” Sherlock spoke softly, avoiding direct eye contact and took to seating himself in one of the two chairs.
Scrambling for a better hold, Sherlock gripped John's left ass cheek and held vice-like to him. John let out a harsh grunt, but didn't complain when Sherlock's claws tore into flesh. Though his body wanted to fight against the building tantalizing feeling, Sherlock yanked John harshly against him,
All John could feel as he swallowed Sherlock’s hot come and jacked him off with fervor was more and more of Sherlock’s skin cocoon him. Sherlock’s legs cradled the sides of his head. Sherlock’s stomach and chest pressed smoothly over John’s forehead and upper back. He could scarcely breathe and it was scary, and it was exciting, and it was heartwarmingly tender, because even in the pleasure that John was giving, Sherlock wanted to hold John desperately.
Hearing the clustered sounds of their pups' hearts beating when they'd gone to the gynecologist on week ten of Sherlock's pregnancy was just about the most wonderful of experiences. John knew he'd been a mess of tears as Sherlock quietly lay on the medical bed and listened in silence.
John’s features hardened and he nodded grateful and without another word he fled from the wordlessly deducing alpha. John’s walk was brisk and full of purpose, purpose of creating distance.
Omegas didn’t cheat. They were never unfaithful. They are wholly monogamous. John would always be faithful to him, Sherlock knew this. From everything the omega had ever demonstrated, he was a man of strict morals. Lestrade, however — Sherlock didn’t trust the other alpha.
Sherlock rubbed harder and John’s eyes squeezed shut, his body tensing, toes curling, and hips rocking against a large hand, chasing that feeling, never wanting to let it go.
John didn’t want to talk anymore. He wanted to hold Sherlock and kiss him. He wanted to run his hands all over the pale flesh, worship Sherlock’s body, and love him up until Sherlock was drowning in it all. He wanted to bond with his mate.
"Enough." Sherlock bade with far more roughness than he would have liked to show on camera and jerked his hand out of the alpha's grasp to instead wrap it around the alpha's neck. At the sudden action, his inner omega cried out in protest at the threatening demonstration, but Sherlock cared not. An alpha's neck was never to be touched in such a way. Applying pressure to the jugular was not to be done. Kin could touch an alpha's neck, but only the most trusted and closest to the alpha. This was not a touch of affection and they were not close- damn what their inner wolves believed.
“Okay.” John answered slowly, contemplatively staring at the silent omega as he continued to stroke at his neck.
Sherlock, seated in his gray leather chair, glared at the clock as the seconds ticked by, fingers pressed at the underside of his chin as he shut his eyes and took in deep breaths.
Sherlock stormed out of the flat with no idea where he was going. All he knew was he didn't want to be there right now. He didn't want to hear John's reasons. How the alpha believed he'd just stand there listening to him talk about his wife and accept it was beyond him.
“Please.” John rasped against Sherlock’s skin, grazing his extended fangs over the tender scent gland of his mate’s bond mark.
"Sherlock... I can't. Being with you, near you, the way I am now is... It's not right. I've been terrible to you. I've hurt you too much to do it again. Please understand."
"You sick little fuck!" the alpha raged, moving to straddle Sherlock's waist. He took hold of his collar, raising him up halfway to meet his punches.
The kisses in public were far more embarrassing and startling. A kiss to the hand when entering or exiting a cab, a kiss to the cheek when John said Sherlock’s scowl was too adorable not to kiss away, a kiss on the lips when Sherlock said something malicious and demeaning to Anderson and Sally when they tried to insult John. Sherlock squawked the first time John did it and heard several officers snicker in the background. Sherlock mumbled something along the lines that John didn’t need to thank him in such a way, but John just smiled kindly and kissed him again, firm and long. Lestrade then cleared his throat and Sherlock refocused on their work.
"I won't do that. I'd be damned if I degrade myself for revenge. No. I rather like the idea of making you my bitch. There are so many better ways I could hurt you without defiling my body. I could fuck you with dildos, and fake knots, record it all and leak the videos to the public."
Sherlock's silver eyes slanted away from John's piercing gaze, though he couldn't turn his head with John cradling his head. Swallowing past his nerves, Sherlock decided if John wasn't angry with him and could look at him with love, maybe he could be honest about his intentions.
As he moved through his home, Mycroft was reminded of one particular conversation he’d had with Sherlock not so long ago, before he’d been blindsided with the hope that was Gregory.
Spreading Sherlock open with great care, John took measured movements and guided his throbbing arousal in and out. Slow and hard. Consistent, powerful, forceful, but still tenderly. Torturous. It was all so much. John's bollocks tingled with the want, drawing up, his monstrous cock throbbing within, and he knew Sherlock felt it. He had to by the way he squirmed under him. White teeth revealing themselves as they bit down onto a petal-soft lip, and that whimper, that beautiful soft chirp of need from his omega made him tremble with the effort of not losing himself then and there.
John rubbed at his temples as Sherlock acknowledged their waitress and made their orders. This had been a long few days and it was getting longer still.
All at once John's arms were tightening around him painfully and he was shouting into his ear with panic.
“So good.” John exhaled in the fog, burning with the additional body heat, but needing it. He needed the attention of his alpha.
However, there was that dreaded night at Angelo’s restaurant which told Sherlock exactly how John saw him. The fact John thought him to be like so many other alphas… That Sherlock would have a lover even when they were married… It hurt.
“You do realize we’ve only just began eating?” Sherlock inquired of his overly eager omega, hating that he could not hide this smile from existence.
The best was a jazz festival where Sherlock preceded to criticize their performance, it was all dreadful, or so that was what Sherlock kept repeating. John just grinned at the sulking young man and pinched his arm, receiving a heated glare, but John only felt fondness at the sight of it.
John, nevertheless, attempted to remain civil. Sherlock followed after them for a time, trying to talk their parents into letting John rest, but they’d been adamant that John socialize as he hadn’t during their wedding.
“I’ll bond and marry this omega.” John stated clearly, purposefully. “Save my sister’s life and I’ll do anything you ask.”
His eyes focused on the monstrous cock. Heavy and thick. Flushed and appearing warm to the touch. The bulbous head was a deeper shade of red. The spout glossy and wet with pre-cum. Intricate veins corded the circumference of the extensive length. Sherlock's omega longed for it, needed it in a way his logical part could not accept.
Shutting his eyes and mind of contradicting thoughts, Sherlock blindly leaned forward and pressed his lips firmly against the corner of John's mouth. Pressed there for several long moments, Sherlock felt his own heart give to pounding in his chest, his body vibrating with nerves, before he broke away and leaned back to stare up at the shocked alpha.
John laughed heartily, not even offended by Sherlock’s outburst and wrapped the startled genius in his arms.
“Do you perhaps…” Ella began, a thought occurring to her as she continued to stare up at the shattered omega.
When John woke again it was to Mrs. Hudson crying into her phone, talking hastily. When she screamed out, ‘Sherlock,’ John coiled inwards, groaned a feeble cry for this to be real and not a dream, then shut his eyes as darkness took him once more.
Sherlock hated John, but he hated himself even more. He hated himself for being weak, for his omega willingly opening itself up for the comfort the alpha gave. He hated himself for ever believing they could have a life together. How could they have a life together when there was that beta and child?
home. I chose it out long ago. I wanted... I wanted it to be where we'd raise our family. This is my room, I thought that my scent would help sooth your omega." John scanned the omega's face for any type of reaction.
“My wife seems to be spending a very long time at the office.” Their first client of the day told them.
John laughed, cupping the omega's pouting face, finding the way those lips puckered the most adorable of sights.
John felt a mixture of emotions at the knowledge of Sherlock’s impending return and spent most of that day in the alpha’s office. Thinking about what would happen when the alpha returned. Would he be angry still? Would he have forgiven him? Would he want to claim him forcefully or would he wait for John to be ready?
John sat up slightly, Sherlock palming the back of his thighs as he shifted further down until he pressed his forehead against one of John’s inner thighs and stared up at him as he removed his shirt and tossed it over the bed.
Mycroft could not raise his gaze when the other alpha rose from the chair. Only when he was sure Gregory had turned his back to face him as he made his way to the door did Mycroft look up and watch as the D.I. left his office.
I treat you with respect and you still won’t even consider me your husband!” Sherlock was trembling as he spoke adamantly; his words were wobbling, choking up in his throat before blasting out of him full of sentiment.
“Oh, John!” Sherlock grunted, fucking his hand viciously, gritting his teeth, burning sensitive skin.
"Oh, Sherlock. You should have said something. It's perfectly normal to have sore joints and muscles when pregnant. Where does it hurt?"
" Sherlock dropped a hefty science book on the ground and palmed his mouth, muffling the hysterical laughter bubbling out of him.
John shook his head, face flushing with the voiceless sobs shaking through him, “No… You don’t love me. You can’t. How could you when you’ve ruined me?”
John was nothing. Betas were scraps and John needed to remind himself he’d done the right thing. John could not have Sherlock. John could not give Sherlock what he needed. John should leave Sherlock to be happy with his omega so they could make a family together. Sherlock would eventually stop looking for him. If Sherlock needed something his omega could not give him, he was more than able to find another second. John’s heart could not bear being Sherlock’s second. John would rather live the remainder of his life alone, grieving the loss of his one true mate.
John blinked past the tears and stared up with understanding and care at his mate, because that was what they were… What they’d been and he’d been too foolish and insecure to realize it. Sherlock loved him. Though he couldn’t say it, John knew now more than ever Sherlock loved him.
“I know and it makes it all the harder to tell him. My… feelings… they could never measure up to the way he’s felt about me.”
It wasn't right though. It was a weakness and if he allowed it to continue it would become a horrid habit to break. He'd find himself seeking the comfort of people and he didn't need people in his life. Having people in his life opened him up to the possibility of sentiment and sentiment was a weakness that would destroy him.
“I did.” Sherlock breathed heavily, slamming his eyes shut as way of erasing the truth that could never be changed and the tears he’d held within for so long fell.
Sherlock’s scowl hardened, eyes narrowed once more, murderous, and John couldn’t restrain the amused laughter that bubbled out of him.
“Shot in the dark. Good one though. Power connection, tiny little scuff-marks around the edges of it. Every night they go to plug it in to charge, but their hands are shaking. You never see those marks on a sober man’s phone, never see a drunk’s without them. There you go, you see, you were right.”
“We are in Buckingham Palace. The very heart of the British nation. Sherlock Holmes, put your trousers on.”
"I'm glad he did... It made me realize what a jerk I am. Made me understand how hard it was for you to confess to feeling anything, because it must have been frightening to let another person in. I want you to know, you can let me in. I won't ever hurt you again, not if I can help it. I haven't... Not with anyone since... and I will wait, Mycroft. I will wait until you're ready to let me in." Lestrade spoke gently, as if calming a skittish colt.
"Mycroft." Gregory began, taking insistent steps towards the government official seated at his desk.
John exhaled a heavy sigh. He was tired of being alone. He felt so lonely, but he’d given up his chance for love returned… for children, with his marriage to Sherlock.
The shower shut off and Sherlock heard the dull movements John made within the bathroom, several minutes later the door opened and John exited with a towel wrapped around his waist.
John stared at Sherlock’s genitals nervously, not sure where to start. Maybe he was thinking too much. Sex was something that differed from one person to another. John didn’t much like classifying this as sex, though it was, he felt it was more than that. This might not be making love to Sherlock, but this was definitely love making to John. If John’s affections, care, and gentleness were felt by Sherlock, it could prove more pleasurable for the alpha. John hoped his affections were noticeable and well received, but if John didn’t do something soon Sherlock was sure to lose his patience.
John smiled when Sherlock’s lips twitched faintly, knowing Sherlock wanted to deny John’s declaration, but couldn’t because of the truthfulness of it. Instead, Sherlock stormed off out of the morgue and John exhaled a breath of frustration. Sherlock was just too temperamental these days.
“Is…” John spluttered, and just as he collected his thoughts into words Sherlock moved to stand beside him and he was forced to bury his questions.
A paler, skinnier Sherlock than he remembered lay in the hospital bed. Sea-green eyes stared at him with a mixture of amazement and need and John sobbed at the sight of him.
“John.” Sherlock breathed shakily, stepping closer to the alpha, not close enough by John’s measurements, but then again, John shouldn’t want something he would never have.
"Johnny, you're finally here--Hello," Harry greeted, her attention brought to the silent omega. "I've been waiting to meet you."
“You want to share my room. Make yours into a nursery.” Sherlock deduced and John went red in the face by the alpha’s frankness.
With that, Mycroft left John to further contemplate the madness that had now become his life. John stared blankly at his shut door wondering what he was supposed to do now. One part of him was pleased with himself, by registering and agreeing to this bond he was ensuring Harry’s survival. Another part of him was dreading the actions that would lead him down a lifelong path of lies to an omega he was supposed to care for and protect.
John didn't understand why he'd come here. Standing before the black door that read 221B, John felt a great many things. Much like he had when visiting Mrs. Hudson after so long. Only now it was worse because he knew his husband was alive and probably within that flat. He missed Sherlock's scent and he hated to admit such. The moment they'd met and John dived after the alpha, the scent of his husband accosted him and John's omega all but whined for want of it. But John would be damned if he leaned in to nuzzle his alpha’s scent gland and inhale his alpha pheromones. No, instead John had opted for strangulation.
“John.” Sherlock called, uncertainty in his voice, eyes still shut, though his hands reached out above where John’s head was, seeming to try and find him in the blindness of his closed eyes.
They had sex every day, four or more times a day. The standing record so far was seven. John’s need pushed his want for more copulation. Even for friends with benefits they had more sex than committed couples did, John was sure of this. Normally they’d copulate three times in a day, but when working on a case the consistency lowered to two or one time in a day. Now though, knowing that John didn’t have much time left with Sherlock, he was taking more than he’d ever allowed himself before.
John blinked back the tears and stared back up at the skies, wishing the answer to his dilemma was written in the darkened clouds. All he received was a rumble of thunder from a distance.
“I… let you think I had no family when no one on my side came to our wedding, because… I have a younger sister I haven’t told you about.”
Gregory could only thank his alpha within for never desiring to bond, that would have made their divorce nearly unbearable. The sad truth however was that his alpha didn’t recognize Jean as his mate, never had. And then he had to go and meet Mycroft Holmes and his inner alpha keened with disgraceful need.
Sherlock wanted John, but that, he wouldn't allow himself. No. He'd have to bear it. And the only way to substitute a really good roll in the sack was rolling in John's bed, scenting his alpha and getting off on it.
“Don’t look at me.” John growled, hardly meeting pale gray eyes before he tucked his head against the crook of the alpha’s neck and shifted his ass to press alongside the monstrous swelling under him.
"It's okay though. I like you just the way you are." John amended, leaning into the touch of Sherlock's hand that sought to cradle his face. He shut his eyes enjoying the feel of Sherlock's warmth.
Sherlock’s lips pressing into his head of hair felt warm, and John shut his eyes when they overflowed with tears.
Sherlock knew Mycroft was right, but this was wrong. Sherlock grimaced as John slowly made his way towards him, trembling with fear, holding to his mother as if she was his lifeline. Sherlock wasn’t an aggressive alpha, he wasn’t a brute. He really wasn’t. Yet John treated him as if he were, keeping his eyes to the ground, never even trying to meet his gaze. Sherlock’s eyes softened, silently pleading with his omega to raise his head up, meet his kind eyes and know that Sherlock would cherish him.
Sherlock didn't care what NSY thought of him as they stood at one crime scene and he, without warning, burrowed his face against John's scent gland and began inhaling deep whiffs of his scent. John didn't pull away, even when he'd gasped out in surprise. Instead he continued projecting his pheromones and scent marked Sherlock's with his hands to his arms.
Pressing a hand against the partially open door of his room, it softly creaked as it gradually swung, and Sherlock was greeted by a sight he was unprepared for.
That, John wasn't sure how he'd accept the fact that there would be no possibility of Sherlock ever expressing any type of physical wants. He still held hope that Sherlock would come to love him one day. That he could warm the ice surrounding Sherlock's heart.
Sherlock took that as a well-deserved complement, his eyes turning murky with want, John looked so helpless under him. John's hips shifted uncomfortably under him, shifting turning into needing upwards thrusts.
Sherlock wanted more. He wanted to taste John, not himself. Breaking their kiss, Sherlock peppered several messy ones to John's cheek and jaw, before laying himself back onto the bed, feeling comfortable where he was.
"No. You don't understand." John hated to pull away. He didn't want to pull away. He wanted to stay in Sherlock's arms for the rest of his life. He'd been so stupid. He should never have left.
Thank whatever higher being existed because John stopped, after the 18'th kiss (Sherlock counted), John brought Sherlock's shirt down to cover the exposed skin and sat up straighter. Smiling down at his blank stare, John rubbed Sherlock's belly one last time.
Sherlock snickered as if John had just said the most amusing of things he'd ever heard, and to Sherlock, maybe he had. Maybe all of John's actions made it hard for the omega to believe the alpha's sincerity.
Sherlock was drenched so much in John's scent, he could hardly smell his weaker pheromones beyond the alpha's musky one. But it still wasn't enough and Sherlock knew he was losing it when he'd finally came face to face with Moriarty and John strapped up to a bomb.
John didn’t dither in taking his place beside Sherlock, nor did he second guess himself when wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and pressing his chest to Sherlock’s back, spooning him snugly.
The first push was startlingly painful and he strangled out a horrified scream, cursing himself for not taking the epidural, but he didn't want to risk drugging his babies. He opted for natural birth, though now he was seriously reconsidering his choice, as he still didn't know how many pups he was having.
"Yes, well. I take full responsibility for my actions. I'm surprised I need to tell you, yelling at me won't change what has happened. Why come and throw a fit when you know it won't do any good? You should be home talking to your husband. I can only imagine how distraught John must be. His pregnant omega having run off after... well. It wasn't a good thing to leave him that way."
“I’m so glad it was you.” John whispered, palming Sherlock’s blossoming cheek. “You are who I choose, damn the arrangement. I would have chosen you willingly, eagerly. I…”
In the end, Mycroft arrived and leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear, whispering something before Sherlock followed after the displeased gentleman. John watched, irritated when Sherlock and Mycroft left him alone with the nutters and disappeared behind a door.
“Good morning.” Sherlock greeted shyly and John wondered why the alpha sounded so nervous, but then one of Sherlock’s hands tucked at his back moved from behind him and lifted up a bouquet of white lilies.
During Sherlock’s observation of the poor woman in pink, he’d been deliberate, calculating, and scrutinized even the smallest of details—things no one in their right mind would notice. It was all so fascinating. John Watson found himself captivated in sheer awe. His husband was bloody brilliant! When Sherlock swept passed him down the stairs, John couldn’t help but to smile with pride.
"I've been so wrong. To you and about you." Sherlock sighed heavily against the alpha's neck and unabashedly nuzzled the alpha's scent gland.
“No, but he usually comes back in the mid-afternoon to clear his mind and work on cases. However… If he’s gotten a lead, he could be gone for hours,
John remained awake for several minutes longer, nuzzling Sherlock’s scent gland, receiving some comfort in their nighttime scenting. Sooner than he expected he drifted off to sleep.
They weren’t listening, they weren’t letting him through, but then he looked over a nurse’s shoulder and saw.
"Uh, it was worth a try." Then he dove to the fire place and started ripping things up, desperately trying to find his secret pack of cigarettes, they should've been in his desk but they had mysteriously vanished and there was no way John could have found them so that only left...
!’ from behind him and had a moment of guilt for shooting the dog but it passed, he hadn’t been in his right mind with that drug in his system and his heat so close so John just finished his meal and drank his tea whilst he waited for Sherlock to come back; he didn’t notice Lestrade approaching but he definitely felt the slap across his Shoulder where a bite mark lived.
"No, no, shush, don’t be sorry. Like I said John, I’ll protect you; you’re mine." and Sherlock tipped John’s head back and pressed his lips desperately against the shocked doctors, it was lovely, John’s lips were soft and warm and Oh! He never wanted to pull away from this, except that John was pulling away from
"Hush." The dipped back down to start nipping, licking and sucking on John’s neck causing the Omega to bite his lip so as not to make any more embarrassing noises. When Sherlock nipped at a particularly sensitive bit of skin near John’s ear, the smaller man gave up all resistance and lifted his free hand up to scratch through Sherlock’s hair, making the big Alpha growl low in appreciation. It was such an odd thing to experience for John because of how unexpected Sherlock’s affection was, one day Sherlock was fighting against everything Alpha/Omega and today he’s kissing John in front of people and necking in the car park.
Sherlock swallowed nervously and made his way carefully around to where his daughter lay sleeping and stopped breathing at the sight that awaited him, his daughter was dressed in a white onesie with a matching hat and mittens but there was also a little blue scarf wrapped gently around her neck. Tears ran down Sherlock’s cheeks at the sight and he leaned down to pick up his daughter to have a closer look at her. She was so tiny, barely the length of his forearm and light as a feather, she had healthy, soft pink skin that Sherlock could already see was going to go pale like his own and he caught a glimpse of soft, wavy dark hair sticking out of the cap on her head. He could clearly see that it was his own features that dominated her facial structure but she also had John’s lips, chin and ears, she was beautiful.
"Well, he's in a pretty bad way. He’s manic, totally convinced there’s some mutant, super dog roaming the moors..." John informed as he sat down and Sherlock tensed, looking at John stiffly from the corner of his eye.
for Sherlock’s thoughtful gesture several times over and in many imaginative ways that night once back in the comfort of their flat.
bring more Holmes’ into the world for a while? Two is quite enough for me at present, ta." Sherlock smirked and John blushed a bright red and looked away.
, couldn’t have come at a worse time. Harry was on holiday, Sarah had a boyfriend, all my other backups weren’t interested in taking me through my heat and you were, well,
"Bloody hormones." He sniffed and folded the piece of blue cloth carefully and gently placed it back in its bag so it could join the others in the closet. John looked back at the closet door once more before heading out of the bedroom; he took that sign of that little scarf as a good omen that things were only going to get better from here on out for all three of them and he smiled in anticipation for what their future would hold
"I’ve got a theory but I need to get back into Baskerville to test it." Sherlock told John who frowned in thought whilst Sherlock got out his phone and started flipping through his contacts ‘til he reached ‘M’.
"Mmm... 92.7% I think." John’s eyes closed at Sherlock’s sleepy drawl and he reached out a hand to open the door, only opening his eyes when he heard the door thump against the wall and...
She wondered if Davies would keep his wrist and leg. Shooting the joints the way they did, they may have to be amputated. Not that she felt all that sorry for him.
The staircase opened into a small room which in turn opened into a wide hall. She walked to the hall slowly, looking for guards. None .She walked down the hall for a while, old doors occasionally popping up on the walls. The hall took a left hand turn. Rosie pinned herself against the wall and quickly poked her head around to the corner. There standing in front of another new door was a woman. She was 6' tall with long black hair and dead eyes. Rosie brought her head back and stood up straight. Approaching the guard would be too open. Rosie needed to bring the guard to her. She scuffed her shoes on the floors, drawing attention to herself. The guard perked up.
Sherlock cleared his throat, "You know how I feel about sentiment, extremely pointless and a waste of time, but..." He took a deep breath. "But i have found that I do appreciate your company and was wondering if you would like to go out with me for dinner one night?"
As soon as they they got the text, John and Sherlock were off. They called Lestrade and he was on his way with backup and an ambulance before they entered the gate the same was as Rosie had. They didn't see the car pull up in the front and a figure enter the building.
The voice spoke up again, the men were talking to each other. "So am I gonna get 'ta have some fun?" Hamish didn't see the large kitchen knife in the burly man's hand but took his meaning. He began to feel sick.
John and Sherlock rushed down the  stairs. The couple had taken down all the attackers on the upper floor, which happened to be the main hang-out. They had heard the gunshot a few moments ago and anxiety gripped their hearts and squeezed their lungs.
He didn't like not knowing that the 'plumbers' left quickly after, only staying a total of ten minutes. And that he missed Granny coming home by only two. That Rosie would find him missing three after that and would take seven minutes to call their parents. That he had been lifted from the van in an over-sized duffel where he had been placed, unconsciousness. He didn't like not knowing that the abandoned building he was being held in wasn't far from his house, or that he had gotten there before his parents even reached the flat. He wanted to know if his family had seen his message and made something of it. He wanted to know the motive for his abduction. But most of all he wanted to tell his family he loved them, just in case.
"Hamish is gone. Disappeared while Rosie was at the store," with this the two got in the cab. The ride to Bakerstreet was silent, both parents deep in thought. They squeezed each others hands the whole way there.
Occasionally Molly would walk over and mutter something to Sherlock and he'd write it in his notepad, but Rosie was too lost in thought to notice.
Carrying Hamish she walked to the edge of the room and picked up her gun. Rosie ignored the body of the guard sprawled on the floor. She crept down the hallway slowly, looking for thugs who had come to check on their hostage.
He coughed. His infected body along with the dust and mildew of the unfinished room and the nausea cased by the chloroform was not a good mix.
6'2. Dark hair. Skin clear of tattoos. He looked like an average man, but was so much more terrifying.
in the way he let John only see, and still being himself. John at first hated the looks people gave them, not judgy (most of the time), but
That Saturday was perfect. They ate at Angelo's restaurant and this time accepted the candle but still ignored his smirks. It was perfect. It was true that Sherlock had grown more emotional since John came around, even if he was still an arse. Sherlock being open, honest, and even
She finished cutting all the binds and pulled her baby brother into a tight hug. He felt so frail, like he was about to break. He wrapped his arms around her neck and rested the right side of his face against her shoulder to avoid putting pressure on the bruises. Rosie quickly pulled out her phone and texted Papa.
"No," Sherlock didn't even look up from his microscope. "The note wanted us to 'wait for the next message'. Davies had 6 yeas to plan. He's not extremely mentally capable, but he would assume that sentiment would cloud our judgement and we would go there anyway. It could be a trap or a decoy, a decoy that could possibly prove to be harmful to Hamish if we 'break the rules'. We have to be certain of his whereabouts before doing anything; we can't start playing Davies' game." Sherlock looked up from his microscope and wrote something on his notepad and then began to mix more chemicals and debris to put under a microscope. The room returned to silence.
At 5:30 Rosie went to make tea. She turned the water on and went to the fridge to get the milk. None. She always took milk in her tea. There was also no bread, cream, biscuits, or fruit. She was gonna need to go shopping. She turned the water off, grabbed some of her parents spending cash out of the sock drawer, and went upstairs to tell Hamish where she was going, that she would be back soon, and to call if he needed anything, and with that she locked the door to the bedroom and the flat.
"Because he's trying to make a point. When we put him behind bars, he had two children of his own. Twin girls, they were 8 at the time. Davies wife never took them to see him; in fact, she moved to a different country and changed all of their names. The wife claimed to have had no idea that her husband was in a gang and said she thought he really was a plumber. I personally believed that she moved, not for fear or shame of her husband, but to try to avoid proof of her involvement. He didn't get to see his children grow up," Sherlock explained.
It was 18 months later and Rosie was 3 when she got John's room to herself and John slept regularly in Sherlock's. It was at about the same time that John had his first
Rosie laid back in the ambulance as EMTs tended to her arm. She realized she was bleeding out quite severely and would probably need stitches. Paramedics cleaned and dressed the wound as she waited for the pain meds they had administered to kick in.
suffer for this. For hurting him. For taking him from her. For being able to torment and hurt so easily with pleasure and without regret.
"Ah, so he talks," chirped the fist thug. He walked over and leaned into Hamish's face. "It really doesn't look like your in the place to make demands, squirt," he smirked. Hamish lifted his head and stared up at him while simultaneously pulling against the ropes. The boy was angrier than he had ever been, and for a brief moment in overrode both his fear and nausea. Hamish tilted his head down and spat on the man's shoes before looking back up and smirking. He regretted it as soon as he did. The man looked down at his shoes, then back up to the boy and sneered before quickly backhanding Hamish across the face. The little boy saw stars. He already felt the bruise forming on him cheek and realized the possibility that he could also get a black eye. The blow had knocked out one of his loose teeth, filling his mouth with blood. The pain and the fear took hold of his body and he leaned to his left, vomiting. What remained of his soup came pouring out of his mouth, along with some blood and the tooth. The acid burned his throat.
"What's happened at the flat?" Sherlock replied coolly, but John could hear the anxiety in his voice.
"Vegetation, cement, plaster, paper. Someplace with all these things. Where. Where? WHERE!" He closed his eyes, going into his mind-palace to a map of England. His hand swatted the air as if bat invisible things aside. He froze and opened his eyes. "Hughes Paper Factory! It's been abandoned for a while now and it's not far from here."
John got into the backseat with his husband. He ran his hands over his face and massaged his temples. "Oh my god. She did it. She really did it."
Rosie looked out the window before answering, "Red hen." John just accepted this but Sherlock got the pun. The Story of the Red Hen and the Sly Fox- in which a hungry fox captures a red hen in a sack to cook and eat her; but whilst the fox stops for a nap the hen cuts her way out to freedom. She replaces her spot with a rock and sews back up the sack before making her escape. The fox notices but by the time he does, the hen is safe from his reach- and in some versions he dies of starvation. Their case was admittedly a bit different, but close enough in other aspects.
Upon entering Rosie was presented with a dimly lit hallway to her right and an even more dimly lit staircase to the left which offered both up and down. She chose the staircase, hostages and abductees were usually kept in the basements and cellars. Before she took the descending stairs she looked up the ones headed to the second floor. They hadn't looked like the'd been used anytime recently while the ones she was going down did. Holding her gun in front of her she went down the steeps and quickly and quietly as possible.
The basement was unfinished, the plaster walls crumpling. It was lit with all of the old lights that still worked, which was only about half and none of which worked well.
With the cover of darkness, Rosie ran behind him and kicked him in the back of the knees; he was too tall to knockout while standing at full height. He fell and before he was able to react she smacked him in the head with the barrel of her gun. The guard fell on his face, out cold.
Rosie thought back to a couple of moments before to when she called him an idiot, and giggled. Hamish rarely ever talked, let alone made jokes and the fact that he made one in this situation made it even more funny.
Rosie was just on the verge of what she felt an important realization when Sherlock shot out of his chair. They had been there for an hour which was record time, but it felt like an eternity.
"That's why you don't mess with a Watson- Holmes." She stood up and cried out against the pain in her arm. John was by her side in a flash, and the family made their way out of the building to the police and ambulances waiting outside.
It seemed that Rosie had been asking for a sibling since she could talk, so when that was all she asked for for her 6th birthday, John and Sherlock got talking. Since John already had a biological child, they decided that Sherlock should father the next. It took time, but they hired a surrogate, who was then artificially inseminated, then finally, 14 months after Rosie's 6th birthday party, 9 after the pregnancy started, a baby boy was born. He was on the smaller side but still healthy and already had his father's wild black curls. Rosie cried tears of joy the first time she held him. The three decided on the name Hamish William Watson- Holmes.
Sherlock just nodded in agreement and stared out the window. He squeezed John's hand. Hard. Sherlock's eyes were rimmed with red and shimmered a bit more than usual with the tears welling there. John could see him shaking a bit as he tried to keep it together. John realized that he too was shaking.  He brought his hand up to Sherlock's face, and turned his head. Sherlock looked at John as he cupped his face in his hand. "It's okay, love." Sherlock nodded and pressed his forehead to John's. After a moment, Sherlock pulled back and looked John in the face.
She looked to her left arm and saw a hole ripped into her clothing. The bullet had grazed her, and took a sizable chunk of flesh with it. Blood was pouring out of the wound. It burned with agony that she had never felt before. Hamish moved from behind her and helped her as she slumped against the wall in shock. She stifled a cry and dropped her gun. She needed to calm herself, to focus. She needed to get them out of there.
The thug smiled at his work like it was some big accomplishment, "That'll teach you some manners." He turned back and looked at the other guy. "Tim, get me a towel. The kiddos lost a tooth and's bleed'in a bit." Hamish leaned back, but it was useless. The man stuck the rag in his mouth and tied it behind his head, tightly. The two men left the room chuckling, and turned off the light. The boy's wrists were chaffed, his shoulders aching, and his jaw already sore. He kept back the tears until the door closed. He couldn't decide if he wanted to be found, or if he wanted his family to stay far away, safe.
6 months after that when John invited over Mrs. Hudson for dinner, and after dessert with Rosie and her "Granny" watching, he popped the question; and a second after that is when Sherlock said yes.
Hamish was so small. His head cradled in the crook of her elbow as he snoozed, his chubby baby fingers wrapped tightly around her pinky. Silent tears ran down her face; tears of disbelief and honor and pride. He was her little brother and no one else's and he was perfect. The baby opened his eyes and looking up at Rosie, smiled the silliest and cutest smile she'd ever seen. Looking at that smile she promised herself that she would be everything he deserved and more. She promised that she'd keep him safe. She promised to protect him. She failed.
When the pair arrived at Bakerstreet they barged through the door and ran up the stairs. There they found Rosamund standing off to the side, waiting and unable to look her parents in the eyes. John put a comforting hand on her shoulder before joining Sherlock at the bed, who was already investigating. He took the black light and looked at the shoe prints.
Now holding him again 7 years later and there were tears running from both their eyes now. Rosie pulled away from Hamish to tuck the knife back in her pocket and retrieve his glasses. When he put them on his face, she thought he began to look like his self again, and he began to feel like himself. With his sight, Hamish was able to make deductions.
When Hamish woke up, the first thing he noticed was the pounding in his head. The second was the pure terror he felt because his groggy mind refused to focus and the room before him was pitch black. The third was the bonds. He was seated in a wooden chair, his hands tied behind him and his ankles to the legs. His lap and chest were also bound, just in case. Hamish thought this to be excessive for a sick and frightened little boy. But as his mind became clearer he realized that the kidnappers did know his dad, so they probably expected him to have the escape-artist talent of Sherlock. Unfortunately he did not, even if he did look the part. Hamish was very tall and thin- like his Dad, but lacking the hidden strength. The boy did have the coal-black curls and a slim face which promised a pointed chin and sharp cheekbones as he got older. Hamish had the pale shut-in skin of his Dad's and deep, thoughtful eyes which were quite startling on a 7 year old. Although the boy's were a bit darker and not as cold; and nearsighted. Not being able to see either way, Hamish thought back, his head getting clearer. Rosie left for the store at just after 5:30. The men dressed as plumbers came about 3 minutes later. They had knocked him out with chloroform, which meant he had to be out for at least twenty minutes, maybe longer.
"Rosie, this is not your fault. We will be to the flat in 15 minutes," there was urgency in John's voice now, but he was able to hide the fear successfully from Rosie; but not Sherlock. "Have you seen Mrs. Hudson?"
Hamish was tired. Emotionally and physically. Everything hurt and he just wanted to got home. He knew that Rosie would be missing him and he missed her too. He felt the new tooth poking around in his mouth and the swelling on his cheek and around his eye. He felt the dried blood on his wrist and the blisters on his ankles. He felt the stiffness in his jaw and the emptiness in his stomach. He felt himself become sleepy and almost happy as the pain reducers took effect. Hamish was so thankful he was out of there. In the dark and silence alone, for hours. Cramped. Thankful they didn't do anything more, because all that was way too much. Proud that Rosie came to get him, and that his family had figured it out. And angry. Angry that people wanted to hurt his family. Angry that they wanted to hurt ROSIE like that. Adults wanting to torture children seemed like a new kind of depraved.
The flat was a mess. Papa and Dad were just on a case and they had let the kids help on this one. Three murders, each with identical stab wounds to the others . Hamish had got to see some of the evidence; although nothing gruesome, it made him feel sick. But things like this didn't scare Rosie, never did, which was why she was allowed to go to the crime scene with her parents. Although, considering where she came from this didn't really surprise her: ex- assassin mom, war vet papa, high- functioning sociopath dad. And she was just as much of a danger junkie as her papa, if not more. Last year her parents took her to a shooting range and the fist three pops from the pistol were almost perfect head shots. This left Papa's mouth hanging wide open and Dad smirking. That's when they started to let her be part of some of the minor things and stopped trying to hide them from her, she wasn't like normal kids at all.
They came to the building. The ground was mostly broken cement and weeds. The factory was surrounded by a breaking chain-link fence. The parents hid in some overgrown shrubs near the gate while Rosie approached it. The entrance to the gate was probably at the front and locked, but the fence breaking and cut in some places. Rosie  walked to the side of the building, found one of the larger holes and slipped to the inside. She was really doing this. She walked to the back of the building where she knew there was a door, even if the gate didn't have one.
With a loud bang the old light came flying off the wall (at least it was quieter than a gunshot). The guard stepped forward  in a shocked panic, jerking his head back and forth.
"Yeah, he's here too," John now anxious because of his daughter's shaky voice. "Rosie, what's wrong?" Rosie was biting back tears at this point, not wanting to admit what she let happen.
"Hamish was taken from the flat coming to about hour ago now. I have debris from the soles of the kidnappers' shoes. I need to find him Molly, and I need your help."
Also I drink up any constructive criticism or suggestions you guys have. It really inspires me to write and gives me the confidence to post. Thank you so much for reading and I'm really sorry it took me this long to post something again.
"Na, the boss said not to do anything 'till he got back," replied the other guy. "But I don't think it's gonna happ'n either way. He's too sickly to do much without killing him, and besides, most of it was meant for the other kid anyway. She's hardier. Too bad we couldn't get her too; boss might have 'r arses for this."
When John moved back into 221b after Mary's death, he found the pain easier to deal with than when he was alone. Rosie absolutely loved Sherlock, so John wasn't necessarily surprised when she began to call Sherlock "Da-da" too. Being with the two people he loved the most let John accept the past and move on.
He looked at Rosie in the eyes. "Thank you, Rosie. And- and I want you to know that this isn't your fault." Rosie looked at him and her lower lip quivered. Had she really made her emotions that apparent? "And I do prefer Hamish if you don't mind."
They reached the exit. Time seemed to slow. Police rushed into the building, Lestrade and paramedics ran up to the family. The lights of the emergency vehicles, the noise, and the commotion was overwhelming, but welcome. John and Sherlock seemed reluctant to let the kids go, but understood it was necessary. Hamish and Rosie were both taken to ambulances with their fathers close behind. While they were being loaded up the men got into a police car, ready to follow.
John was kneeling in front of Rosie. He ripped a part of his shirt off and tied it above her wound. She winced.  When he finished and stood up, Rosie wrapped her arms around him and he reciprocated.
One of the old doors opened. Rosie looked around for cover but found none. She set Hamish down and put herself between him and the figure now blocking their path. Her gun raised at his chest and his gun was raised at hers.
Molly let the phone ring once. She didn't necessarily want to talk to Sherlock now, but the man preferred to text instead of call so this must be important.
So while both of her parents were in their room sleeping, Rosie made soup for dinner. They had solved the case yesterday night so they got little sleep. When Papa got home from his job at St. Bart's, he went straight to his room and flopped down on the bed, Dad following him shortly after. Filling two bowls with tomato soup and putting them on a platter, she carefully walked upstairs to her and her brother's shared room. Hamish had gotten a cold from the chilly and rainy weather the autumn brought with it. The 7 year old boy was already sitting up straight when she walked into the room, his curly hair wild in a bed-head style and his whole being radiating restlessness. "Here you go," she said handing him a bowl. He nodded his head in gratitude. They ate together in silence until Hamish finished. The 14 year old kissed him on the head as he picked up a book, frowning. Rosie went downstairs with the dirty dishes to find her fathers hurriedly finishing their bowls. "What's going on?" she asked sounding quite confused.
"We'll need several cops to make the arrests and probably at least one ambulance to make sure Hamish is okay and to tend to the goons. I don't think any of us plan on being gentle with those bastards."
Hamish never talked much, even to his family. Preferring to keep to himself, he was always more of a loner. Only Rosie could really ever get him to talk. It was her super power and the thing she was most proud of. Even though they were not biologically related, the siblings shared a profound bond. A bond that Uncle Mycroft and Dad never understood. Their confusion on how you would WANT to be with your sibling always amused Rosie and John. Hamish pitied them though, they didn't know what they were missing out on in his opinion. Hamish looked like his Dad and had the amazing deductions of his father, but unlike Sherlock, he accepted his emotions. Hamish never really made his emotions apparent, but he didn't deny he had them. But given the circumstances, be believed that he was allowed to cry.
The cab stopped a block from the building as not to raise suspicion by anyone who might be watching. The family continued on foot through the dark in silence. One might think that Sherlock or John might have given their daughter some words of advice before she rushed into a building filled with armed and dangerous gangsters, but they said nothing. There was nothing to say that they hadn't said while they were on a previous case or Rosie, didn't know already.
They were wedded and their last names changed to Watson- Holmes when Rosie was 4. It wasn't a big wedding and neither of them planned to walk down the aisle but Rosie really wanted to be a flower girl, so John gave in. Before going down the aisle Rosie tugged John down so she could look at him at eye level. She put a small rose in his white dress suit pocket before pulling him into a tight hug and whispering in his ear "I love you Papa."
He had just began to speak a week ago, his first words were in sentences, spoken perfectly. Everyone already knew Hamish was amazing though. At 3 he had already been waking down stairs normally for a while, could play violin quite well, and could do multiplication and division; but he never spoke. When someone would point this out Sherlock would say, "He's doesn't like to. He prefers to listen." And because of that John never questioned it either. But about a week ago he came quietly down the stairs to the flat where Rosie had been tidying up while Sherlock made tea and John prepared biscuits. Hamish padded around the flat looking for something, then began frantically searching.
She was in front of him before she knows her legs were moving. Rosie kneeled down in from of the little boy and cupped his little face in her shaking hands. Tears were running down both of their faces. She saw the bruising and swelling of his cheek and eye and felt the anger swelling in her throat. She felt her heart break and a part of her die at the udder cruelty her brother had been subjected to.  She planted a kiss on his forehead before reaching down to the knife in her pocket and cutting the bonds. The gag came off first.
"N-no. I haven't gone to check on her yet," Rosie suddenly felt ashamed that she hadn't seen if her Granny was okay. "I'll do that now." And with that she hung up.
Dad had told them the story of the bother and sister taken from the boarding school, and how the brother used linseed oil to write a message on the walls. The oil had also gotten on the floor and showed the kidnappers' shoe sizes, gaits, and paces; as well as debris from their shoes that led Sherlock to the cite where the children had been taken. This was Hamish's favorite case.  The cool thing about linseed oil was that it was clear, but it could be seen under a black light. Rosie ran to the closet and found the spare black light she kept and shown in on the floor and wall. On the floor there wee three pairs of foot prints- none of which were Hamish's, so he must have been carried. But more of a mystery, on the wall written quickly and slightly smeared read, "Wil"
"Granny, I'm so glad you're alright! You haven't seen anyone come into or out of the flat have you?" Rosie said, her eyes puffy from the tears.
"Well look who's awake!" came a voice from the darkness. Hamish was frozen with fear. He recognized that voice. He said nothing but yelped as light flooded the dark room, assaulting his eyes. He snapped his eyes shut, but he began to gradually open them as his eyeballs adjusted. The floor and walls were the same color grey, making it hard to tell where one ended and the other began. From what Hamish could tell, he was probably in the center of a square room. He was facing what he believed to be a door less than 4 yards away and to his right what appeared to be a boarded-up window. There were 2 fuzzy figures to his left, they were close enough that the boy could tell that they were both men and close to middle aged. Hamish cursed not having his glasses, as he was unable to deduce anything more without his sight.
"So what do we do now?" Rosie asked, taking her gun from the lock box in her closet and slipping in the pocket of her coat before putting Hamish's spare pair of glasses in a case and tucking in in the other pocket. For when she saw him again.
Rosie opened the door, it only took her a minute to find the key. She opened the door and the little light from the outside flooded the room. She saw the outline of what she had been hoping to see for hours. She flicked switched, the first modern light she'd seen since she entered the building. She dropped her gun.
Sherlock kept his gaze locked on the fire, flickering away before him when John jumped up and ran off, why should he have to look at the imbecile anyway? It’s not like he knew what he was talking about. Sherlock
"Are you still apologising for last night?" John asked gently and Sherlock got the most brilliant idea.
"Sherlock, I’m serious. Not here." John gritted out, begging his raging erection to disappear. Sherlock pouted again and lifted his arms so he could trail his  hands up John’s belly and chest before wrapping around the doctors neck.
"No!" John yelped again, struggling against Sherlock’s hold but no matter how much John twisted, kicked and clawed he couldn’t get free, Sherlock just flattened his body against John’s and growled louder. Since when was the skinny bastard so strong?! John and Sherlock had fought before but Sherlock was never nearly this strong so what the hell was going on? That was when Sherlock’s scent increased and a tingle spread through John’s muscles and he went boneless.
John and their child so he could keep them safe. Perhaps that was what would keep him alive for now; if he couldn’t do this
"I want to flip you over and fill you up right now but I can smell that your heat is close and I don’t want to spoil you. You do, after all, still need to be punished for letting Lestrade have you." John dropped his head against Sherlock’s left thigh and rubbed his face against it.
Speaking of John, the little Omega finally ambled into the room just as the kettle finished boiling and Sherlock smirked at the flushed, satisfied look he was wearing, he looked beautiful, Sherlock couldn’t wait to see what that look would translate into during a heat. John gave him a quick smile and then turned his attention over to the table where the three men sat, Sherlock felt the pull of jealousy that John’s attention wasn’t on him anymore but pushed it away, it was for the best that John’s attention wasn’t completely focused on him right now so he could get his task done.
"Sentiment." John confirmed and Sherlock gave a forced groan and sat down beside him facing the pub. That was when something popped into John’s head.
"That makes me very happy, John." Sherlock growled low and slipped his own hands onto John’s Shoulders to squeeze rhythmically before continuing.
"Sherlock what your smelling is the change in my scent now that yours is mixed with it, it’s a part of our bond." Sherlock rolled his eyes and slid down so he was face to face with John’s abdomen.
"Hm. depends on you; it could be twenty minutes or two hours." John shrugged and Sherlock nodded and dropped his head to nuzzle and lick at the two bites on John’s neck.
"One; I don’t want to know how much and two; will you need any more baby things in the forcible?" John pouted at Sherlock and handed him back his card.
pregnant with your child that I’ll be over the moon." John assured the Alpha who perked up when he heard this but gave John a confused look.
Oh! Another Alpha, except this one was bonded. Pity, he had a nice scent about him. John gave himself an internal shake, he was starting to doubt his earlier prognosis that this heat wouldn’t come in the 24 hours, he was already looking for a potential partner, he managed to swallow down his instinct to present his neck to this new Alpha, it was made easier by the scent of another Omega mixing with his.
"Yes. I know you don’t. As long as I don’t challenge you and we keep a safe distance, this won’t happen again. Promise." John assured and Sherlock nodded once.
"You ever seen it? The Hound?" John asked and Sherlock’s eyes narrowed when the big Alpha leaned into John a little bit.
." John was asleep by the time Sherlock had whispered the last two words against his cheek. He knew that both he and John weren’t quite ready for those special three words yet but John was still
“Not your first time flying in one of these then?” Willis laughed when they took off but Sherlock once again ignored him, Willis tried a number of times to engage Sherlock throughout the journey but after the first hour realized that the man wasn’t interested in speaking so spent the rest of the journey in silence. Sherlock just kept his eyes locked on this passing scenery and tried his best not to snap at the pilot to go faster but with every second that past Sherlock was becoming more and more anxious and tense like a bow string.
"Hush darling, it’s ok, I’m not going anywhere." Sherlock whispered against John’s lips and then pulled back again to slide his jacket from his shoulders and toss it on the coffee table, John licked his lips and moaned, realising why Sherlock had pulled away from him and let his hand drift down to palm himself through his clothes. Sherlock let out a moan of his own and dove forward again, grabbing John’s face and slamming their lips together again. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and twisted them around to guide them both through the kitchen and to Sherlock’s bedroom, they were frantic by this point, ripping clothes of each other and slamming each other up against counters and the fridge, chemicals and test tubes fell to the floor smashing and spilling God knows what on the lino but they didn’t
"Footprints. On the exact spot my father was torn apart." Sherlock huffed exasperated and sat back in his seat and here he thought there may have been something a little bit interesting.
." John said firmly in his best captain’s voice and that just made things worse, Sherlock just smirked and tossed the sheet away so he could rise and then proceeded to straddle John’s lap;
"You know you never let me touch your things. Oh! Chance'd be a fine thing." She snorted and Sherlock turned to her, glaring and barely supressing a growl.
"I’m sorry if I frightened you at the pool Sherlock, it’s just... bad memories." John struggled and Sherlock held him tighter.
of that was unforgivable, bruises faded whether they were visible or not and John was always assured that even if their relationship didn’t progress into something deeper, he’d always have this brilliant, gorgeous man’s friendship.
"Of course! Oh! And by the way you’re forgetting something important, in fact the most important thing we’ve discovered." John grinned stupidly and Henry laughed at him and drew his arm across his eyes, wiping away the last of the gathered tears.
was one-sided on her part, let himself drift off to his mind palace for a bit so he could go over everything thoroughly. He thought about Henry’s words, Fletcher’s words, Baskerville, Dr. Stapleton, his trip to the Hollow and every single thing that he and John had done since arriving to Grimpen. Sherlock didn’t know how long he wandered the grand halls of his mind palace before he came to his final conclusion but when he started back to life the pub was practically empty, save for a few old men and one or two couples, perhaps he should’ve skipped the trip to the John Watson wing.
“Sherlock wait, I need to make sure John’s still asleep remember?!” Molly whisper shouted at him and he gave her a pleading look, all he wanted was to be with his family. Molly’s gaze softened at the look on his face and she gave a tentative smile.
’ written on the sheet by the side of the door frame that the reality of it all finally crashed into Sherlock.
"No reason not to." Sherlock answered and looked John up and down from the corner of his eye to make sure he was okay and hadn’t been handled. Lestrade seeing that his little diversionary tactic wasn’t working decided to bow out gracefully and took a couple of steps back to show Sherlock he was leaving.
"So, you believe him about having the dog destroyed?" Lestrade asked, trying to change the subject and stop Sherlock from getting all protective.
"I’ve read all the books, John. Not to mention the fact I could practically build one if I so chose." The man snapped and once again made a lunge for the pocket his keys were being held hostage in.
"Well how would you feel if I told you that, I’ve never submitted to an Alpha in that way before? How would you feel if I told you that the only thing I let Greg do was satisfy my physical need and nothing more, no knotting? And
"Oh, this is Mycroft, isn’t it?" Sherlock scoffed in irritation and Lestrade’s eyes went wide in panic.
He had found a way to control his instincts so no more incidents of dominance took place, however it seemed that Sherlock had miscalculated his instinct as a
"Tell me where they are, please tell me... please." He looked at John with a wounded puppy dog look and John once again had to resist his instinct to cater to his Alpha's needs, this time with a bit more challenge. God his heat must be closer than he thought.
“I gave you my word that I would, do expect a call soon little brother, it won’t be long now. Good Luck.” Mycroft called in parting and left. Sherlock stood staring off into space for a moment before he too climbed in his car and took off in the direction of his first mission, making sure the phone Mycroft gave him was securely in his pocket.
"He’ll be fine soon, he’s basically going through heat symptoms in fast forward but once he starts sweatin’ and his scent changes he’ll be over the worst and probably start talking, it’s just that he’s a bit... delirious right now what with his body changing so quickly in preparation for his Alpha." This relaxed Sherlock a bit but his eyes still never left John’s form rubbing itself against the bed sheets.
It wasn’t until he was back in the safety of Mycroft’s car that he realized in hindsight that falling, making John watch and watching John grieve at his graveside were all easy but walking away just now from his new born daughter and her father that was the hardest thing he’s ever done in his life and the truth is he really hadn’t expected it to be, funny that.
Sherlock really was trying not to be so snippy with John because he knew he was upsetting and stressing out his beautiful little Omega but things like putting others needs first didn’t come naturally to Sherlock so once again the Alpha was struck by his ‘
"Oh! Apparently so." Sherlock quipped, gesturing towards his brother and they both burst into laughter. Hm, this had been a good day so far, maybe when Mycroft insisted he put on the clothes that had remained unnoticed on the table between the couches, he could con John into another quickie.
"I think you’ll find that you were the one insisting, quite enthusiastically I might add, that I knot you over and over again and yes, you would be quite correct, when I brought you in for your bath the other night I noticed that you hadn’t taken any more birth control since London and I knew there was a chance you’d be pregnant by the end of the heat which as I said, you are." Sherlock grumbled, rubbing his chin and glaring at John until the Omega collapsed, all the fight going out of his tired body. Sherlock caught him before he hit the floor and swung him up into his arms to carry him back to their mattress/nest, John’s face was eerily blank when Sherlock lay him down and Sherlock not for the first time felt fear in regards to his John’s feelings regarding him.
Washed, bandaged and dressed in some fresh clothes, Sherlock and John made their way downstairs where they were greeted by a smiling Gary.
, Pre-bonding/marriage Sherlock would have just let John go on his merry way but now that they were bonded, married
He could’ve leaped for joy as they left ASDA stocked up with enough Shopping to last a month and he was just about to flag down a cab so he could finally,
"Sherlock’s got a plan?" He asked and cringed when it came out more of a question. He looked over to Sherlock who was lowering his tea mug and smiling strangely.
"Yes, yes, of course, sorry. Please, come in." He stood aside and Sherlock walked in followed by a blank faced John. John lagged a bit when he noticed the size and style of the house and he glanced at Henry curiously.
"Jesus Greg! Little more gentle next time, yeah?" John moaned, rubbing the sore area, Lestrade just smiled and sat across from him.
"Are you all right?" Sherlock asked worriedly and wasn’t expecting the flying leap John took from the back of the cage into Sherlock’s arms, knocking him on his arse, nor was he expecting the desperate kiss John planted on his lips before the man launched himself back onto his feet to start pacing and panicking.
"Nope but then you’re the first Alpha I’ve ever let go all Dom on me before." John confessed and Sherlock gave a pleased growl making John smile.
"No, I was just going to go to Harry’s." Sherlock’s hold loosened again slightly but not enough for John to pull back completely, however there was enough leeway for him to lean back so he could slide a hand against Sherlock’s cheek and press his forehead against the Alpha’s. The look on Sherlock’s face was a cross between
’, making the possessive Alpha in Sherlock hum in pleasure. Sherlock cleared his throat and took another discreet sniff at his scarf, much better.
no matter what. Sherlock smiled one last time before burying his face into John’s hair, making sure to hide the smaller man as best he could from the world and not just because John was his but...
“It’s alright. I didn’t mean to scare you baby. Hush now, daddy’s sorry.” He whispered against the side of her head and slowly but surely she started to calm down. Sherlock kept on rocking his body back and forth slowly until he was sure she was fine before he decided he should probably leave now and let John and the baby get some sleep.
When John had jumped up to go to the bathroom in Henry’s, Sherlock’s eyes had followed his every step his attention only being drawn away by a comment Henry had made when John had closed the door to check his wounds.
real and no longer that forbidden dream he’d pushed to the back of his mind, John was so busy thinking about how much his life had changed that he lost track of time and was surprised when the receptionist came to call on him.
“Two seconds.” She assured him and Sherlock nodded, watching Molly quietly open the door and stick her head around, it was such a relief when she looked back at him excitedly and gestured that he head in. Sherlock gave her a grateful smile and slowly made his way into the room, afraid that is he wasn’t careful he might shatter everything.
"John, I want you to wrap your arms around my neck ok?" Sherlock said when he bent over John to pick him up again, once John’s arms were securely around his neck, Sherlock slid his own hands around John’s thighs and stood back to hoist the man up and wrap his legs around his waist. John moaned at the skin on skin contact and began humping himself against Sherlock’s belly making the detectives eyes roll back as he walked them both into the bathroom. Sherlock managed to still John’s movements so he could lower them into the hot bath but once he was sat back in the water with John lying on his chest, the thrusting he had expected to continue never happened, instead John sighed at the soothing heat of the water and scent of his mate, snuggling into his Alpha’s chest, closing his eyes and going boneless in relief. Sherlock watched the display fascinated, was that really all it took to calm John’s restlessness?
pregnant, you will make a wonderful father." John choked out and pulled Sherlock in for kiss that was wet and full of emotions neither man could put into words. They lay on the mattress, wrapped around each other until the emotion of the moment passed; Sherlock who was lying on top of John gingerly, lifted his head up to give the man a strange look.
tasks that under pre-bond circumstances he would’ve balked at and that was clearly agitating him. Still despite the never ending bitching, Sherlock had been a surprisingly affectionate and loving mate both in the privacy of their own home and in public, Sherlock had even organized a surprise
"Of course not, it’s not like you bought bags of stuff, just a little baby scarf and I love you for it. It’s cute." Sherlock’s body flopped a little bit in relief.
"I don't know what you’re talking about, I really don't." Mrs. Hudson whimpered and ran out, Sherlock just jumped on his chair and sat with his knees pressed to his chest, John slammed down his paper and leaned forward to try and be as menacing as possible.
"Just thought I’d ask. I’ll go put these bags in our room for now until the furniture is delivered and we can store them properly." Sherlock gave John a curious look.
"Oh God! What just happened? THAT BASTARD!" He snarled and then slid down to the floor to palm himself as quickly as possible, it was nice to take time out and have a little fun with his new Alpha but he really needed to get back to being serious about this case and maybe kick Sherlock’s arse for making his situation worse.
"John?" There was only a nod in response and Sherlock pushed himself up and kicked open the door behind him, sliding out. John was still on his knees, staring at the seats as Sherlock cleared his throat and paced with his hands in prayer stance at the side of the car.
"He’ll be fine John; he just needs time and quiet to think. Now I don’t know about you but I’m hungry and knackered so what do you say we head back now before we both drop?" Sherlock asked impatiently and climbed into the car, John raised an eyebrow at him and hopped in the other side.
"Did I do something wrong?" He asked and was about to pull away but Sherlock reached down and grabbed his shoulders firmly, there was sure to be finger shaped bruises there later.
John just focused on making his tea, minus the milk, and made a note to get some fresh shopping later before he shuffled into the living room to see if Sherlock had got today’s newspapers. He was pleasantly surprised to see that all three of his favourite papers were sitting on the arm of his chair ready and waiting for him to plop down and read them, seeing this, John had a moment of weakness thinking how thoughtful the tall Alpha was before he caught and pulled himself back from the instinct driven train if thought.
fighting the urge to steal an ashtray." John quipped when they’d both calmed down and Sherlock snorted.
place." Sherlock tried not to sound so agitated at the thought of being separated from John for what was most likely going to be several but John could see right through him and even though he gave Sherlock a concerned look, his eyes brightened immediately.
"Sh’lok..." Was slurred back as the Doctor’s eyes opened to look up into his own and Sherlock huffed in relief that the man could speak again, even if he sounded drunk.
The explosion rocked the entire area, debris was scattered all over the moor and four men stood and watched the whole thing with expressions of disappointment and horror. John was kind of stuck between the two, on the one hand he was horrified that Dr. Bob Frankland had just exploded into thousands of little pieces; on the other hand, he was disappointed and pissed off that the murdering bastard wouldn’t be punished for his crimes, that he got away with it, so instead of having to choose between the two emotions he settled for disgust since it covered all of the above.
"We need to wait six weeks ‘til you smell a change in my scent and do a pregnancy test before you can say I’m pregnant." John admonished.
"No, I’m sure what you’ve bought is just fine, I can see them when they baby uses them." John shrugged; he wasn’t really expecting Sherlock to be enthusiastic about that.
"Yeah?" The detective challenged egging Fletcher on to huff and pull out his mobile. John was panting a little by this point, he couldn’t help but enjoy the two Alpha’s displays of dominance as they taunted each other above him. Sherlock noticed this and swallowed, he’d have to end this charade quickly and get John out of here and away from this enemy Alpha whose eyes were darkening when the sweet scent of an aroused Omega penetrated the air. If Sherlock was honest, this little shit Alpha wasn’t the only one having a reaction, the poor detective had to squeeze his legs together hard to prevent any further stimuli and his mind was screaming at him to grab John and rub his scent all over him.
"You don’t even know what I was going to ask you." Sherlock pouted and John scoffed and crossed his arms.
"Why didn’t you tell me then? Is it not my job to care for you when you’re in heat? Is there another Alpha? Is it
"Yes... No. Well I had an idea..." John mumbled, then jumped when Sherlock growled loudly and pulled him close.
reason Sherlock came was just to moan about the whole event and agitate his pregnant mate to breaking point, after all that seemed to be his favourite pass time when he was bored at present, but no, John knew deep down that wasn’t the case no matter how irritating the man was being.
"Sorry but I only have three queen sized rooms left, would that be alright?" John’s eyes squeezed shut for a second but he nodded and gave a tight smile, he was
what just happened. To his belief, one of the reasons Sherlock never wanted to deal with an Omega’s heat was because he couldn’t ‘
!’ and it didn’t matter that Sherlock probably didn’t realise what he was doing, this was just what happened to Alpha's and Omega's in and around heats; primal instinct just took over.
"Why?" Sherlock wasn’t so pleased, why should John, his John, need anything from another Alpha, detective inspector or not. John looked at him with that ‘
." Sherlock snarled out at the end of his rant, John swallowed and stared at Sherlock then looked away and cleared his throat.
John ruffled his hair and swung his legs over the side of the bed to sit for a moment before jumping up and heading for the shower, making sure not to take too long as he didn’t know how much quiet time he had before Sherlock came charging in again to either drag John off on this case or continue his moaning. After showering and getting dressed save for his trademark jumper John headed downstairs to the kitchen whilst trying to decide what to have for breakfast.
and over the past twenty-four hours I’ve treated that one very poorly even though he’s done nothing to deserve it, I’ve attacked him, ignored him and worst of all made him believe that I don’t care for him, but I do, John, more than anything and I would
’, you should know that our rooms have special sealing in the walls that prevent any pheromones from attracting any unwanted visitors." John blushed and cleared his throat.
"Never are." Sherlock tilted his head to the side smugly and Fletcher narrowed his eyes and lifted himself up further into more domineering stance, John shamefully felt drool gathering at the back of his throat at the image.
"Easy. I put it there, hardly my fault if you didn’t notice." Sherlock huffed and pushed a lubed up finger into his arse. John nearly swallowed his tongue watching his lover finger himself and reached one hand down to undo his trousers and pull his leaking cock out, Sherlock who was now up to three fingers and drooling down his front, tossed John the bottle he still had clutched in his hand.
"Pass Please." He asked and Sherlock reached into his coat and pulled out a card to hand to the man.
"Perfect." Sherlock repeated and John smiled at him and lay back down against his new lover, Sherlock watched him, fascinated by the every breath John took.
"That's because I usually piss off to Harry's or to whomever’s I'd been dating at the time, for a week to run through my heat so as not to bother you with it and since you’ve never noticed I suppose it worked out quite nicely." John sighed, he was already fed up with this conversation so when he saw Sherlock start to open his mouth and held up a hand.
