“Sherlock?” John asked again.
“Yeah we are,” Sherlock agreed, but gently nudged him back off the wall, to get them started in the right direction. “Come on you. You’re coming to my place for dinner tonight anyway, remember. There’ll be plenty of time for more of that later,” he said with another suggestive smile, and he grabbed John’s hand to pull him towards the exit door.
“I won’t disappoint,” Sherlock said, between clenched teeth. “I just need a bit of rest. I will be fine.”
“Maybe,” he mumbles. “And if you let me, I’ll massage your feet when we get home.”
“You made him believe you were dead, Sherlock. Don’t forget that. He had to face his mortality and the loss of you – and his life without you in it. Any friend would suffer with that, with the way it… unfolded,” Mycroft said carefully. “And then, you came back. Things were never going to just go back to the way they were.”
“Well fine, call them, but he’s talking to me first.”
hand. They were left handed, John. At least when they were firing guns!”
you put in your body, if not food and water?"
“Sure, I have more copies, digitally,” she said absently.
“Why is this the first I’m hearing of all of this, anyway?” Sherlock was annoyed.
“It’s the key to our house…
“You okay?” John asked, trying to gauge his mood.
“Sorry of course. I’ll go down and ask Mrs. H. I could go now, while Rosie is down… if you don’t mind keeping an ear out?” John hated how polite they were both being around each other.
John shakes his head in annoyance and gets up quietly, grabbing the plates to take into the kitchen, clearing away the leftovers before walking to the bathroom and closing the door. Sherlock can’t tell what his mood is, but he suspects being interrupted by Mycroft twice in one day won’t have been ideal.
“And what would you like me to say that would make it better?” Sherlock fired back, with recklessness, knowing that he was pushing John’s buttons.
Sherlock increases the taps and the nail connects to the wood grain.
that’s saying something.”
“Yes sir,” John said mockingly, giving a half salute.
He places his violin down on the side table quietly, moving to his comfortable armchair where he can appreciate his friend, and watch him sleeping soundly. He knows John has nightmares, and he has often been responsible for slipping John into a gentle nap in the evening. It is his small way of helping John to get some rest. They never speak about it, but Sherlock has learned which songs work well.
John feels ridiculous, like he’s a primary school student borrowing his dad’s jacket. He can tell just by the weight of it, that the jacket is High Street level fashion. The light fabric feels gorgeous under his hand and he has to stop himself stroking the arm mindlessly. He’s never owned a really good quality suit like this in his life. He catches a glimpse of himself in the glass door out of the corner of his eye and despite being a little big, it really does make him look far more impressive, although he becomes self-conscious that the black jacket, mixed with blue pants and brown shoes is likely to draw attention in a place like this. He’s still going to look slightly out of place, but less so now.
John scoffed. “My intentions?”
Reading through the paper was tedious. Always the same dribble, which was why he usually let John check the headlines. John was able to spot the human element, figure out what would interest Sherlock just enough.
“John…” he began nervously.
,” he spat in John’s direction. “You forget I survived being tortured. This little holding cell is
“I didn’t want to distract you. You don’t need distractions right now. You’ve only just got back to touring. Distractions are a bad idea.”
“Not today, I have a couple of other errands to run. I will pop by again in the next couple of days, though. Just grabbing a few essentials for now. The pantry was looking a bit bare last night,” he says with an embarrassed look.
“Early on, when we first received the device,” Mycroft said, nodding. “I was one of the first to try it out.”
John sat with that thought for a moment, wondering what he meant.
“I didn’t give him a choice,” John replied stubbornly.
“Can you wait until Rosie wakes up? She’d love to see you,” John offered.
“Here I am, God help me,” John chuckles, taking a few brave steps, arms wrapped around his chest. The waves are lapping just above his ankles now, at the stark tan line that has formed from the seams of his socks, his toes curled into the pebbles beneath.
“You went on a date… with Molly?” he asked again.
“I’m insulted.” Sherlock tried to lift his head in mock offense but moving just made everything hurt more and he had to settle on a slightly pouty bottom lip instead, the pain making him cramp up and tense everything.
that’s been texting my son?” He demanded, stepping closer to assert his height over Sherlock.
“Without a word of a lie,” Mycroft replied.
“But I did it for
“Stop what?” Sherlock said cheekily.
How was he going to tell Sherlock? What was he even going to
“Maybe I
“I… I know you said to keep the interaction to just the café owner…”
This is exactly what he needed. He feels a smile tug at his lips as he turns to look to the shore, at the bench, half expecting to see his Großmutter sitting there with her cigarette, waving. He blinks the image away, ignoring the moment of disappointment, and lets himself relax back into the water. Then he lies on his back to look up, the clouds dancing against the blue sky, the crowns of the trees and the tips of the mountains just barely in his peripheral vision.
room. Something in his memory was not settling on this idea though. He did not feel any relief that he was here. He felt a sudden movement and glanced down to find a person – a man in fact – snuggled against his chest, the warmth between them suddenly coming into focus. From the smell and the sight of his hair, Sherlock knew immediately it was John. His mind went into overdrive.
“Everything okay?” Sherlock asks, running a hand through John’s hair.
“It’s okay, I’ll order for you. I know what you like.”
“You saw him?” John looked surprised, a little scared.
if you must know. Someone who’s weird… and dangerous and exciting…” John nodded with a smile “… and gorgeous.”
“That’s why I left. During the concert. The way they looked at you, listened to you play. I felt so small compared to that man on that stage like I could never be good enough.”
“Oh good. You’re awake,” Mycroft said from the chair as Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open. He sighed heavily at the sight of his brother.
It’s heart-breakingly magnificent. The way he moves, dances, floats, as he plays. John finds himself pulled into the hurricane that is Sherlock Holmes. And the sounds he manages to pull from this instrument go straight to his heart. It takes a bit for John to recognize the song. He heard Sherlock play it once before when he had been here to record it. The longing in it makes his body vibrate with emotion, and John pulls the blanket around himself, arms covered in goosebumps.
“John, please,” he interjected with a shy smile, leaning forward slightly to be seen around Mycroft’s tall figure. He was greeted with more of the same serious faces, no smiles. His charm was usually something he could switch on and use as a weapon but today it was really falling flat. He swallowed hard.
Mycroft didn’t answer.
“Oh. Right… um, right. Okay. I—” John nods nervously, kicking himself for travelling on a whim and not booking a bloody ticket first.
“He doesn’t really mingle. But people don’t generally mess with him either,” Mike replied.
, is a decidedly formal, almost arrogant façade. He flashes a sheepish smile at the audience who give a mix of renewed cheers and laughs. He is playing to the audience in a very un-Sherlock persona.
“Ah… sorry bug.”
When John opened his eyes again, Sherlock had made himself at home at the front table, his usual spot. John noted down the file number he was viewing and started taking notes – who else was inside, what he observed them doing. He noticed that Sherlock seemed more on edge than usual, constantly jumping at every new arrival through the door, watching more intently out to the street, as if he was expecting someone. He would check his watch every so often. He was restless.
“Maybe we could… if there’s time I mean—” Sherlock starts to offer.
“Well
“Sherlock where did you go, what happened? How did you get out? How did you—”
“Hey John, cut it out,” Mike intervened, seeing Sherlock getting noticeably more upset.
John imagined Sherlock was stroking her curls off her forehead like he always did. Rosie loved that. His deep voice was so soothing. John closed his eyes and his heart clenched at the sound of it - Sherlock calming her back to sleep so gently. It was a special soft voice he reserved only for her. She sighed into the monitor and settled. John listened as Sherlock sat heavily into the chair. The chair they would sit in to read to her, or to cuddle her. Sherlock sat quietly for a good couple of minutes, probably waiting to make sure she had properly settled. And then John realised Sherlock was still talking but very softly to himself, so he pulled the monitor up closer to his ear to hear it.
“Just trust us that it does,” Anderson piped in. “The device is basically a timer. You felt that little prick as it attached?”
“Sir?” He turned back.
(“Ah very good.”)
, the man who I thought had
“Highly trained psychologists and therapists, brother.”
“Interesting…” Mycroft said as he left the room.
“Oh god, I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock pulls away slightly, looking suddenly horrified, unable to speak, eyes wide.
“I can come if you like…” Sarah hinted.
John stood to attention, like a good soldier, eager to please. Mycroft noticed and looked him up and down before sitting at his desk.
unless they were in front of a client, never in private.
“Camera on,” she directed.
“Don’t want your bath to overflow,” John finally teased, and Sherlock, refusing to move, glanced over his head.
John sat quietly but didn’t move.
don’t,” he begged.
“Don’t even think about it John,” Sherlock said suddenly, still pacing.
Sherlock—” John began uncomfortably.
“Dealer?” John asked with an undertone of a threat, but Everitt kept his mouth shut and ignored the question. John rolled his eyes and took the lack of an answer as confirmation, looking back at the footage as Sherlock walked away and back down the stairs calmly.
been surprisingly excellent. You’ll need to be sedated when we move you again. Still, Mother is eager for you to be brought back to English soil where she can fuss over you properly,” Mycroft said, sitting back down in his chair and crossing his legs. Sherlock rolled his eyes, which hurt his head and he winced.
“Ummm… I don’t know how I got here, actually.” Sherlock turned around and John could see he was genuinely lost and confused.
“How did you—”
I would push and push. Somehow you knew that Sherlock would be my undoing.”
“John is a complex web of emotions that I’m still learning to decipher,” Sherlock admitted, staring towards the window, deep in thought. “There’s no way you could have predicted his behaviour, his reaction to that.”
“If Lestrade gets here soon, he’ll be fine. They’ll take good care of him… at the Yard, that is,” he said pointedly to the man, who was watching him. “But if the detective takes too long I may have to take matters into my own hands and show him what happens when he shoots the love of my life,” he said extra loudly. He heard Sherlock chuckle from the other room at his remark, before sucking in air again in pain.
“You really are a genius, aren’t you?” John said shaking his head.
Sherlock thought to himself guiltily. “It’s fine, really,” he said.
“The ankle holding up?” Sherlock asked. John nodded, as he edged towards Sherlock. Sherlock’s heart rate started to climb for a wholly different reason this time. He swallowed. John was looking at him so…
John gives Sherlock a confused look again.
“Oh well…” John stopped to think before answering.
They both chuckled at that.
“What?” Sherlock whispered, his eyes still closed enjoying the sensation of the kiss.
practice,” John corrected.
“You hungry?” John asked.
Mary scoffed at that, still not speaking. Still not moving.
Sherlock stood there shocked by his reaction. It had not occurred to him that John would be unable to process the sight of him, to be upset, or confused, or angry. He thought there would be relief, that seeing him would fix everything. Another miscalculation.
, he thought to himself, but he was unable to move. After a few deep breaths, he clicked on the folder, revealing only one movie file as its contents. He was terrified of what it would reveal and yet he knew he had to find out. Before he could second guess himself, he clicked on the file and a window expanded onto the screen. He pressed the play button and the video began: an empty chair on screen, the sounds of scuffling behind the camera. The video had last week’s date displayed on the bottom right corner, clear as day, to verify it was current. John could feel his blood throbbing in his ears now, worried for what was about to come.
“Not good?” Mycroft asked, with a lightness to his voice, hoping to keep the banter flirtatious.
this Greg. Why didn’t he tell
“Hey,” John came over and sat down beside him. “Hey. Sorry I didn’t mean that.”
“You have every right to hate me, and I will respect your wishes. And if you really never want to see me again I will respect that too.”
“Susi! Guten Morgen, schöne Dame!” John exclaims, patting the dog as she licks at his hand excitedly.
From all the files I’ve seen, you’ve got nothing so far,” John retorted, angrily.
“A little,” Sherlock responded. It was worse when he closed his eyes, so he just tried to fix his vision to a spot on the floor tiles while he tried to out-think the spinning.
“Okay then, we’ll just go to the lab,” John said with a nod, trying to keep it as casual as possible, despite his worry. “I’ll ring ahead. They won't be able to do a full workup since you're not a patient, but I'm sure Molly can help us rule some stuff out.”
“Guys I have to go grab some stuff from my locker – I’ll see you tomorrow alright?” John said, wanting to get away from the conversation altogether and not have to lie any further.
“If you’re okay, I should get going, I’m going to be so late.” John couldn’t help the anxiety that was clear in his voice.
It gave Sherlock a little boost to think that maybe John had told Mike they were friends. But he was incredibly anxious to find out what had happened to John. He was probably just sick – maybe he had a flu or something – but Sherlock’s gut was in knots all the same. He hadn’t known John very long. Most of his feeling had developed purely in his own head, from watching him at a safe distance. Listening in to conversations, observing him as he smiled and laughed with Mike and with Sarah, and with the football team. In the space of only a few days, Sherlock was completely smitten with John Watson. He was attractive in a conventional way and when he smiled the room lit up. Of course people wanted to know him and spend time around him. He glowed. Somehow, unlike most new people, that glow had made people like him despite his ratty clothes. He had smoothly transitioned in with the popular people. And Sherlock? Well Sherlock was always going to be the pale, awkward dark figure in the back corner, hiding in the shadows, watching from afar. That was where he was comfortable, where he deserved to be. John’s light was too bright for him. He knew that. Still, he liked that maybe they were friends at least. That made him smile to himself.
“It’s nothing,” John said awkwardly, sliding his jumper sleeve down further over his wrist, but Sherlock already caught sight of a visible bruise on his arm just above his wrist.
“Oh, sorry. It just looked like…got a girlfriend then?”
life, or on
“Tell me what it is,” John demanded.
___________________
“It’s not going to work, Sherlock,” John says, avoiding his eyes at all costs.
“You’re
“At the
“Why?” Sherlock asked.
“Don’t worry Sherlock, we’ll figure this out,” John said as gently as he could, trying not to notice his own voice shaking.
“Does he know you’re coming?” the manager asks, ignoring John’s needy request for an affirmation.
It took a moment for him to appear on another screen, but he headed straight off to the side again, and out of sight from that camera angle. As their heads all bobbed around, looking for him on each screen, Everitt added: “he headed in the direction of the bathrooms. We don’t have cameras there.”
“Great,” he said to himself as he tried to pull his jacket off with the phone still held to his ear by one shoulder. The phone slipped out and hit the ground as he heard Greg answer.
“Sorry,” Sherlock was so embarrassed. Not only because he had maybe made things worse for John, but because
John sighed, his head dropping in defeat. “Sherlock…”
“Thanks,” he said, pulling himself up. “There’s some interesting stuff upstairs in the two bedrooms, you’ll want to see,” he advised.
It is Sherlock’s turn to say ‘shut up’ now, voice muffled. “There wasn’t much time for packing. I got here right after the tour. Changed flights in London. Came from Florida.”
. Clearly I should not have bothered to ask.”
“What’s this then?” he asks.
“It smells amazing,” Sherlock comments.
John nodded furiously in reply, swallowing hard, hoping to push the fear and overwhelming emotions down his throat and out of the way. Sherlock didn’t need him to fall apart now.
at least,” he smiled at Sherlock sheepishly.
John swallowed hard at the bluntness of the statement. “But you’ve taken care of Sherlock… all this time,” John whined, unable to fathom what was happening. He was so hurt that someone close to them would do this. He knew Sherlock would be struggling with that too. Neither of them trusted easily.
be uncomfortable,” Sherlock scoffs, looking back at his menu.
“Sherlock—” John tried. When it came to health matters, he was never satisfied until Sherlock gave him a full and clear answer.
One of the crew comes out of Sherlock’s house to look for him and John is already on his way, giving them a wave to indicate that he’s got it covered as he heads off into the woods. He picks up his pace, jogging quickly through the familiar path until he comes closer to the lake, slowing his pace as he gets near. Sherlock is there, pacing wildly beside the water, mumbling to himself, unaware of John’s arrival. Not wanting to frighten him, John steps carefully forward.
“Your shoulders are so tense. Do you play violin like this all the time?” John asks, in disbelief.
Sherlock nods, with a smirk. “All 50,453 of them,” he agrees.
“No, you’re right. It does look like that,” John agreed begrudgingly. I just don’t understand why he took it! Or could it be the matchstick card he had in his pocket?”
“Listen, before we get into that, I just wanted to… about the other day. We just need to… uh… I think…” he paused and closed his eyes for a moment before trying to go on.
“I can’t watch him like this,” John says, unapologetically. “How can
“Save your strength,” John said calmly, walking over to perch on the edge of the stone slab.
that. But Sherlock, we’re a team, okay?”
Silence descended upon the house as the mysterious man lay unconscious at the bottom of the stairs, John sat, leaningagainst the hallway opposite, and Sherlock tried to stem the bleeding of his leg in the front room. In that moment, the shriekingsirens, getting increasingly closer, was the sweetest sound John thought he’d ever heard.
Sherlock was stretched out on John’s dorm bed. Laid gracefully out on his side, resting his head on his hand and watching John get ready, his knees bent a little as his legs were too long. Somehow, he was gorgeous enough to make the school uniform look hot. John was distracted looking at him through the mirror, as he tried to tidy his hair and do his tie up.
But the realization comes too late. Sherlock is gone.
“You scared the life out of me, you know,” John admitted suddenly.
“You don’t say,” John retorted with a half laugh in frustration.
“Sherlock,” he replies, his brain forming the word before he even has time to register it. He grabs on in answer, his arms unable to let Sherlock go once they have closed around him. He’s afraid that if he does, this dream will end. It has to be a dream. He’d gone to bed last night, tossed and turned for a few hours and once he had found sleep, finally, this is what he’d been dreaming about – this very thing.  Surely it can’t be real, though. He can feel that Sherlock’s hands are cool, where they rest on his upper back, the vest John is wearing barely a barrier between them. The rest of his body is warm, and John melts against him, feeling the soft silk shirt, the rougher fabric of the coat, and Sherlock’s firm torso beneath. He allows himself to close his eyes, still half asleep. The relief at seeing Sherlock again is overwhelming.
,” Sherlock let out on a huff of air, as his breath was taken from him momentarily.
“I thought I should return it to you though, just in case. And well, you did offer…”
“Mmm-hmm.” Sherlock confirmed, gently nodding.
“No, it’s fine.
“So, what exactly does our operation involve then?” John asked them, wanting to know more. “You know, how do we use this, day to day?”
“Really?” Sherlock stopped, surprised.
“Everything is okay now, Sherlock.” John said gently.
“Sorry sir, I thought it might be best if I met you here. I have the match-card after all.”
For the first time in years, he has nothing pressing, nothing that has to be done. His face, initially raised into a satisfied half smile at his sense of achievement, wastes no time as it drops into a look of concern, the feeling unsettling him. No orders to follow. A master of his own surroundings. He can do whatever he wants to, and he suddenly realizes he has no idea what that is exactly.
Sherlock doesn’t want to say anything, he just nods, but then he wonders if maybe bringing John into the conversation would help. “I’m not sure. John, what did you think?” he tries.
John liked to arrive late to school, to avoid the awkwardness of not having anyone to talk to. He found his way into the English room for his first class of the day, and sure enough in the back corner, Sherlock was already sitting there too, deep in focus, reading. John stood in front of his desk to sort out his books before sitting, at least that’s what he was telling himself. He really wanted a chance to glance over and observe Sherlock a little bit, unnoticed. He wasn't bold enough to actually say anything to him. There was a spare seat beside him too but he could never be that self-assured, he just didn’t have that sort of confidence in himself. This was a safe distance to observe from.
“We can stay in touch,” he offers.
Every time he woke and walked out of his room, the realisation that he was not at Baker Street still caught him by surprise. Even eighteen months later, it was still always a sharp jolt, and no number of days that passed ever made it easier. No amount of time was lessening the pain of what had happened.
Saturday 6:49pm
at least, I can’t watch you suffering through that,” John said, ushering him slowly to the couch. “Now put your feet up. Can I make you a tea?”
“Okay great, thanks,” John nodded, hoping his dad would be okay with all of that. He wasn’t going to tell Mike that.
“But if it’s already happened how can you…?”
Thank you all for the amazing feedback on our first few chapters <3
“Yeah, cheers. It’s good to know where I stand. I mean I was already self-conscious coming into this pompous school. Best to know I’m in for a rough start,” John said with a bit of false bravado.
John isn’t sure he understands, so he stays quiet to let Sherlock work through his thoughts a bit longer.
“What?” Mycroft stopped, looking shocked to be pulled up on the comment. “It’s clear as day.”
A noise startled them both and John grabbed his gun, pushing Sherlock behind him, to get him into a protected position.
… I mean she’s
Eight minutes was also enough time to kill twenty-three people, including the love of John Watson’s life.
“It just feels… it feels like déjà vu, you know? He’s in the spotlight, again, and everyone doubts him – even me – and he’s pulling away again.” John swallowed hard. “Last time…”
Sherlock strokes his foot along the back of John’s calf. “I wasn’t… aware, before, that you would mind. People don’t usually care.”
He wakes late, the morning rainstorm making the flat dark. Sherlock wanders out into the quiet living room, passing via the kitchen to boil the kettle for tea. The memories of their lovemaking in the middle of the night, when he had finally come to bed, still fresh in his mind. He sits down in his chair, cataloguing the sensations as if they were happening to him now. On the side table are some of John’s things, some papers he must have unpacked in the morning and placed there, forgotten. Sherlock can’t help reading the already opened letter from a publisher and he grins wide as he realizes that someone wants to publish John’s writing. He hasn’t even mentioned that yet.
John’s heart felt like it stopped beating for a brief moment. All this time they had been living together and rescuing each other from ridiculous situations and he had been completely enamoured with this amazing man and his brilliance but he never dared hope to have anything more than his friendship. He never dared say anything. Suddenly he was pretty sure he understood. He reached out and put his hand on Sherlock’s face. “You’re really here,” he said, reverently, and full of wonder. The sensation of touching him like this, with affection was overwhelming. He never thought that would ever happen.
They stand there, looking at each other for a moment, neither one able to speak. Suddenly the timer goes off in the kitchen, startling them both.
“Sorry?”
“I need to draw some bloods and have them analysed. We may need to move him to the hospital for scans if they show something too alarming or that fever can't be contained with what I've got here in the flat.”
the wounds to know they were both safe, and they were reunited. Sherlock's extraction from Serbia had led to a much more important extraction – healing the pain of the last two years and bringing forth their feelings for one another. At last.
Sherlock’s breathing started to speed up as his brain tried to figure out what was happening.
“Can Daddy borrow Bunny for a minute?” he asked.
“Sherlock, I…” John tries not to look at him, despite their closeness, the guilt of his behaviour weighing heavily on him. “I love you.”
“Who the hell are you?” John asked, stopping in his tracks, shocked, nearly losing his balance.
Sherlock’s senses were so dulled now, his breathing very shallow and his head becoming foggy as the drugs took hold. But he thought he could feel the warmth of John’s body, the softness of his jumper against his fingers as he curled his arm around John’s back, the smell of his shampoo near his nose. He could sense John. Of course it was all just a combination of different sensory memories and his brain playing tricks on him, but it was a pleasant way to go.
“Well? What do you think
“Yeah, well it’s all we’ve got. Trust in the legal system. And the rest is down to us to find the right evidence.”
“It’s Greg,” he said, holding the screen up to show Sherlock, as if it needed confirmation. "Lestrade," he added with an annoyed sigh, as Sherlock's blank face stared back.
broken, Sherlock.”
“No one to really walk
“Hold it steady,” he coached her, as he held Bunny and guided the magnifying glass on the rocks. And yes, that actually could be a tiny bit of blood on the rock. Maybe he wasn’t crazy.
John briefly smiled to himself, but that smile was tightened to a line with tension. Just being able to sit in the room with Sherlock had been so nice. They hadn’t talked,
John let out a loud sound, on an exhale, surprised that Molly would dare to tease Sherlock. “I’ve always
It wakes an anger in John, anger at the world and at himself, and at this entire situation. He wants to smash his glass to the floor, rip the curtains from their rod, tear this house to pieces, until it represents the chaos in his head, in his heart. He wants Sherlock to stand in the ruins and see how much John loves him, how much pain John is in, what Sherlock has done to him, unknowingly.
“Oh my god, Sherlock,” he shook his head, “for a second, just a second, I
“I… was that
“But…”
“What? Sherlock?!” John called from his place on the floor. He didn’t seem to be able to move, exhaustion and shock finally taking over, despite his fear for Sherlock’s safety.
Sherlock kept going, ignoring John. He just had to keep going. “I ended up in hospital. My brother was furious. I had a stint in rehab and then I had to try and stay away from him. But he found his way back. And he knows. He knows my weaknesses and… I have been clean since we’ve been friends and he’s not happy about it. You were right though. On Saturday he was trying to get me to…”
________
“You’re bad for business, John,” he sneered.
“That sounds like the best thing I’ve heard all day,” John sighs with relief.
is proper playing: proper, magnificent, beautiful playing. It makes his heart ache as the melody slows and becomes sad, lonely even. Perhaps this person is isolated and alone like he is? Perhaps he could go and visit tomorrow and introduce himself? The curtains of the house on the hill are drawn and far too thick to even gauge an outline of a person. The house seems very closed and private, only a small peeking of light showing any sign of life. He feels a little disappointed after wondering for so long about the owners of the house, that he can’t see inside more clearly. He has spent the last six months trying to rival their garden, at the very least. His own isn’t nearly as good, but he is proud of his efforts – sore muscles notwithstanding. Eventually, his back begins to complain again, the outside air too cold, and John has to move himself back inside – an early night of rest, in readiness for the trip into town tomorrow.
“No, no. It’s fine,” Sherlock says awkwardly, putting his thumb in the palm of his other hand to nurse it, not able to make eye contact with John.
“Doctor Watson, this is part of the work we do, and you are now going to be involved in that work too.”
“I mean, I’m not the physics genius here, but isn’t the very fact that we’ve interacted, and nothing’s changed yet, a sign that maybe it was always meant to happen? This way?”
“No. Absolutely not.”
They walk up the hill a bit, to the edge of the woods. A narrow path leads them along the tree line, allowing them to look down at the valley below. Every so often, Sherlock stops to kneel down and look at the bees. Ever since John got him a book on beekeeping for his birthday, his obsession with these fascinating animals has only grown.
“So John,” he says instead, not giving any guilt away. “You’re here in London.”
“Not really your style is it?”
His eyes momentarily flicked back to Sherlock to check once again how he was coping. He had refused to speak to anyone, even John.
“Dostoyevsky?” Mycroft asked as he spotted it on the nightstand.
“Who’s watching me?
“You move a lot then?”
“Fine,” John agreed stubbornly.
“Well I’m afraid that’s not the kind of life you lead, brother. You don’t have that luxury. You’re going to have to make some decisions.”
Sherlock looked at John with shocked betrayal before letting out a huff of air. “Perfect,” he repeated, looking to his brother.
“Tea?” Sherlock deflected brightly, clearing his throat before making a deliberately loud racket with the cups in the cupboard and the teaspoons in the drawer, to end the conversation, drowning out John’s voice.
“No, no. I’m fine thanks,” he said formally, dismissing her, as if everything was normal, as if this day was any other day.
Sherlock nodded frantically, and it was adorable how insecure he seemed all of a sudden.
Standing in the doorway, dripping from head to toe from the rain, his curls wet, and plastered to his face, was Sherlock Holmes. His coat looked heavy, falling off his much thinner frame than John remembered, the fabric weighted down, soaked from the moisture. His face bruised and dirty, there was a deep cut across his cheek, the dried blood a dark red, violently contrasting with the flecks of pale skin that showed through the patches of grime. His shirt clung to his torso, the ribs sticking out more than they should, the shirt fabric torn slightly and half untucked. At the hem of his coat some shrubbery jutted out, caught on the grain of the fabric. But Sherlock stood there unmoving, his eyes boring into John, speaking a million things all at once – guilt, fear, sadness, and apology. A puddle had begun to form at his feet, his shoes were falling apart, barely helping to cover his feet. John could see the side of his feet, cut up and sockless jutting out of the broken, worn leather.
The man stops, blushing, as if he was unaware that anyone else might hear.
“Yeah it can be tough,” John replied
“What is?” Sherlock asked from his perch.
Lestrade looked at him for what was too much of an extended time, checking. Eventually when Sherlock gave no sense of planning to speak further, he handed over the files in frustration. Sherlock was a closed book, much more than usual.
Sherlock watches John for a moment, as if he wonders where that question has come from. As if he longs for a friend who might actually miss him when he leaves. Maybe John is just projecting his own wishes onto the moment, but it certainly seems that way. And even though they’ve only known each other a couple of days, John genuinely thinks he will miss Sherlock. Very much.
“Sherlock, you don’t have to explain anything to me. No judgement.” John didn’t look at Sherlock, just focussing instead in front of them as he walked.
“Remember how I told you about that writing thing I’ve been doing?” he asks, getting a nod in response. “It had been mostly an attempt at keeping a diary, at first. But for a bit now, I’ve tried my hand at writing fiction. Since Susi went missing, actually. Not that it’s ever going to see the light of day, but it’s fun. Keeps me busy, up here. I’m close to finishing the first half of it, actually.”
day. The day when his entire faith in their friendship had been torn out from under him.
“Isn’t that a good sign that maybe he wants you to take the initiative and stay here? It’s the best school in the country. How could he
“Your shoulder?” Sherlock asked, realising the connection now.
"I don't believe that, John. He needed you," Lestrade encouraged.
he thought to himself.
“Hmmm, I just might,” Sherlock says, stealing another kiss greedily, as he pulls John in the door by his collar, before stepping back out to pull in his suitcases and close the door for some privacy.
“You’re crossing a line, soldier.”
“We have a… difficult relationship. He won’t let me help, and he has ways of going undetected. It’s frustrating to say the least.”
He starts towards the bedroom. Mycroft had brought him home, ignoring all his questions about where John was, and now he realizes…
“Well I guess I really
Chapter Notes:
“Yes, sir, on our way,” Mike said nervously. “Come on guys. Leave that for now.”
“It’s alright, I’ll take this version of you for now,” Sherlock said, “it will have to do.”
“Yes,” John confirmed.
“Oh.” Sherlock had no clever retort for that.
John leaned in and kissed him before he could say any more. It was short, and sweet, but John felt actual fireworks. He didn’t believe that was possible until that moment. When he pulled away, Sherlock was lost for words, his eyebrows raised, John had definitely gained the advantage.
As they sat side by side, John let his hand rest on the edge of Sherlock's chair, allowing their pinky fingers to touch. Sherlock was trying not to let a smile show and John’s heart was racing just with that little contact. It was all they needed to maintain a connection, without drawing attention to themselves. John let out a contented sigh quietly to himself, as they tried to focus back on the proceedings.
explanation, but yes, he means a lot to me. I don’t have friends either. I’m not very experienced in this area. But Sherlock is… different and over the last couple of weeks we have been helping each other.”
“Do they have a photo?” Greg asked.
Sherlock. He knew that Sherlock was unpredictable. They had been here before. Not that long ago, Sherlock had appeared guilty and it had led them to the ugliest of situations and Greg wanted no chance of a repeat performance. When he found out that Sherlock was alive, he had promised himself not to let it happen again. Yet, he couldn’t stop himself doubting Sherlock today. How quickly they all forgot the lessons of the past. He hated himself for being sceptical, but by god, he was. Sherlock had the murder weapon in his pocket.
Sherlock smiled. “Thank you.”
“Molly I can’t talk about this now,
“Moriarty is dead. You know that , right? He killed himself,” John said boldly from beside her, as she re-asserted the gun in his direction.
“With Mary.” Sherlock said, and John felt a little stab again, hearing her name. “I promised. To protect her, and you -
“I told you, Lieutenant Abrahams was the commanding officer,” John said, flipping back a page to check what was written there and trying to remember what he had said aloud.
John sat quietly for the longest time before he looked up at Sherlock again. “The letter. Sherlock…I…”
Sherlock blushed, unable to speak. He wasn’t ready to become a public figure. He had been so focussed on John, it hadn’t occurred to him that people would have seen.
Instead, he couldn't resist the urge to stare at the top of John’s head, resting so trustingly against his chest. He had to admit a secret guilty pleasure at having John this close. Listening to the sounds of John's relaxed breathing. With his free hand, he reached up and stroked John’s hair ever so gently, just for a moment, just to see what it felt like, but careful not to wake him. John shifted a little against him and it made something stir in his chest. Such a small simple movement. He couldn’t understand how someone he had never had any physical relationship with would move him so completely – so easily. Relationships were never something he had bothered to worry about. They were so ordinary. Something people did to pass the time. Sherlock had always been busy – he made sure of that. He knew he was too difficult for anyone to spend more than a few fleeting minutes with. It was something that once or twice he and his brother had tried to talk about but had both decided that they just didn’t need.
. We need that information to proceed. It’s very important. Start there.”
A week of observing the same footage and John was starting to understand why his predecessors may have lost their minds. It became mind-numbing fairly early on, but he was determined to stay focussed.
“Mycroft—”
John takes a moment to register the words and translate slowly in his head. His German is improving and he is getting to know familiar phrases, but still has much to learn. He is far from fluent, nor is he comfortable being so familiar with the locals, even six months on.
“And?” John was well aware that Mycroft was leaving out some truths of his own.
“John you look terrible,” Mycroft said from the doorway, where he had moved to, watching John far too closely.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He didn’t know what to say to that.
“He never lets anyone near him. He’s a lone wolf, and straight away, he…”
“I think I might benefit from some… mouth-to-mouth resuscitation?” Sherlock said suddenly, brazenly, with a smile.
“Right.” John looks down at his pathetic collection in the basket: bread, a block of cheese and some band-aids. “You got all that from my basket?”
“Until?” he asked, even more curious.
“Probably a good thing you didn’t name her Sherlock then, I guess.”
“Yes,” Mycroft held the phone up to show a photo, clearly a morgue shot. On his left side, over his heart, was a full Celtic cross, all four arms were bell shaped with trinity knots on the end of each arm. The cross was encircled by a knotted Celtic ring.
The terraced house on Olinda Road seemed unassuming, aside from its red door. The exposed, unpainted brick looked slightly dirty with age and the jagged brick fence design attempting to mimic a picket-fence failed to hit the mark. Each window had white lace curtains to block nosey passers-by from looking in, although it did nothing to improve the charm of the place, the white lace clashing badly with the cream windowsill paint. Cars lined both sides of the street but most of the houses – on this side of the street at least – had no light. The early evening had not brought their occupants home from their day jobs yet. The neighbourhood was quiet.
The foyer is quiet now – uncomfortably so. He came straight from the station, and the theatre bustle is clearly yet to begin. There are a couple of staff in matching jackets moving about: one setting up the booth to sell programs, and another preparing the bar further over. He finally spots where the box office is and walks over tentatively. The lady behind the counter is distracted and clearly not expecting anyone yet.
“No dependents, or partners; lives alone; one sibling, estranged; parents both deceased.”
“Oh John.” Lestrade grabbed the other arm now too, to steady John in support. “Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. Whatever this is, let’s just take this hour by hour. Okay?”
Suddenly John snapped, slamming his fists on the dash, startling Greg.
“Wait, what are you doing Sherlock? Are those Greg’s case files?! You’re not meant to be looking at those! If they call you back in for questioning and you’ve seen these—”
“I can’t believe you and your brother drove up here. Don’t get me wrong, it was a nice surprise,” Greg said, looking up to flash an adorably shy smile all of a sudden, and Mycroft couldn’t help reaching out to touch his face.
It was well after one in the morning when Greg and John trudged back through the door. Greg had a thick case file to read, and more photographs from the morgue to add to his own growing file. They still had no information on the identities of all of their other victims, aside from this fellow – James Andino: local farmer, single, quiet, maybe a little reclusive. Not much to go on.
Pale fingers close around the neck, catching the instrument before it hits the wooden floor. Sherlock has never been so grateful to see his brother standing there, the precious Stradivarius secure in his grip. Mycroft must have been in the room for a while, and he is embarrassed to realize he didn’t notice the signs – a look at the armchair in the corner now reveals that he must have sat there for hours as Sherlock slept, the cushions only now losing the shape of him, Charles Dickens’
“I’m in,” John replied quickly. And that was that. John Watson was going to become a time traveller.
“John?” Greg checked.
I’ve told you that moving him in this state is against the medical advice. Right doctor?”
“No,” John interrupted, pointing angrily at Mycroft, before heading over to the cupboard to grab a dustpan and deal with the broken saucer. He swept angrily at the floor as he ranted. “I don’t want to hear that from you. You knew the whole time. Don’t you stand there and tell me how to do any of this – this day-in, day-out tedium without him. I don’t know how to do it. I was never the one that was good at this stuff and he
Mycroft could see there was no reasoning with John, and he nodded silently to John in agreement. “The car is downstairs. It will take you to the team. Lieutenant Abrahams will get you whatever you need. And John? Keep me updated.”
“He was mad, but a genius. And for a while he was doing very well.
“Make sure you get some fruit and some water,” Mike directed.
Thursday 5:26pm
“Fine,” Sherlock spits out, irritated, “I’ll bring home some dinner, okay?” He gives John a gentle smile of apology. “If that’s all right with
“Right, well thanks for letting me know, Greg. I’m on my way back home now so… oh hang on, that’s Sherlock on the other line now. I better get that and make sure he’s okay. Call you back once I’m home?”
“But you…” She didn’t know how to tackle this with him. This would have to be affecting him too.
“Why are you Holmes boys such a mess?” Greg finally got the courage to ask.
“Sherlock? Sherlock? Can you hear me?” he asked, shaking at Sherlock’s arm. “Sherlock?” he tried more brightly, touching his face this time. Sherlock’s skin was clammy. He grabbed at the phone.
“You’ll be okay. It’s probably just the hot water. I always run it too hot. My partner is always telling me off for that, but I like it that way. You’ll feel better if you lie down and let your body temperature go back to—”
Mycroft instantly waved the security officer away, looking John up and down calmly. He was used to John’s angry visits. If anything, he admitted to himself that he’d missed them. John had been notably absent over the last eighteen months. On the one hand, Mycroft had been relieved. It was much easier to deal with the deception and the stress of the mission, without John’s pain being visible. Of course, he was still keeping an eye on John anyway, as he had promised. But John didn’t know that. He was too caught up in his own depression to even notice. On the other hand, he struggled with staying silent, despite his promises to Sherlock. John had accepted the reality of Sherlock’s death way too easily. He wondered if his brother would be missing, be in trouble like this, if he had listened to sense and brought John in on the plan. A small part of him had hoped John would have stormed in a lot earlier and demanded the truth. He may have even been tempted to cave and tell all. But John had stayed absent and this visit was unexpected.
“Together?” Sherlock asked him.
And he had loved her, had followed in her footsteps. Her too early death had been the first heart break of Sherlock’s life. He had refused to come back here, not wanting to be confronted with a cottage that didn’t have his Großmutter living in it anymore.
“You’ve known… about this… for a couple of weeks? And you’re just telling me now?!”
“Oh look, he’s helped me more times than I’d care to admit. The score’s definitely even. You don’t need to…”
“No. Seems not. John’s taking him home immediately. I’m worried.”
“Okay then,” he settled on, in response.
“Honestly though, John, what do you think
“As far as I know,” Mary said, putting the gun down beside herself on the coffee table, seeing neither of them as a threat in their current state. “He entrusted me with the task of getting this close to you both, because he knew at some point, one of us needed to make you pay, to make you
“I can’t…imagine what that must be like for you. But I’ll sit with you whenever you want. If it helps,” John said calmly.
“I think perhaps William will be pleased to see you, John. He has mentioned you.”
“William, you have a radio interview in twenty minutes.”
I don’t get it
“So wait… but he had the ring. I saw it.” John couldn’t reconcile the news with his memories. He remembered being satisfied by the sight of something silver on the man’s hand. If this was true, if the man he shot was not involved, then what did that mean? Who lived there?
“You could break a leg up there, in the dark,” Großmutter had always said and Sherlock thought it best not to risk that just now. Instead, he follows the small path to the lake, knowing he can be back before sunset – the nights here, away from any city, are as dark as the cities can never be.
John couldn’t believe his life was finally right. Everything was just how he wanted it to be. After years of struggling, years of never finding his place, he was finally settled and succeeding. And he had an amazing boyfriend by his side.
, though.” John looked back at the lady. “You don’t think he—?”
“Hey little Bee.” John called over to Rosie. She stopped at the top of the slide. “Do you and Bunny want to help Daddy with some detective work?”
“We’ll have the bottle,” Mycroft stated, with a superior air, and Greg raised his eyebrows, impressed and a little terrified. “Shall we go and sit somewhere more comfortable?” he offered.
.” Sherlock tries to lead him out the door as quickly as possible.
“Have you been…” John cleared his throat awkwardly. “How often have you been urinating?” he asked, a slight blush on his cheeks. He didn’t know why suddenly his medical expertise went out the window, where Sherlock was concerned, when things got personal.
“John, I’ve brought you some food. You haven’t left the room all day and I was… concerned.” Mycroft interrupted John’s thoughts, startling him momentarily, passing over a container and a plastic fork.
“I heard that,” John shouted from the bedroom.
“No, it’s fine Mary. If you’re going to be around this week, you’re likely to hear a bit of arguing about the case, so if we can just ask you to…” John said, annoyed that she was there, but trying to be polite.
than just friends. I know I don’t deserve to, but I like you.” Sherlock let that sit in the air but couldn’t look at John yet.
“John, you know I—”
Friday 7:31pm
John licked his lips, before letting out a loud, impatient, frustrated breath. “Really?” he said angrily. “This person just about gave you a hand job on the dance floor in front of god and country and… you don’t remember them?!”
Sherlock smiled to himself. “Sorry.”
John broke the eye contact – he never broke eye contact - to place a kiss on Rosie’s head and looked back over towards the scene.
“So, we think that’s the bomber, watching from the street?” another said.
Sherlock feels a confusing mix of emotions. On the one hand, he had been nervous about telling John, and hearing his reaction. On the other hand, there is a sense of relief that John is equally as upset that he is leaving, a sense of accomplishment that he has made a friend and this friend doesn’t want him to go.
“You… I…” Sherlock stumbled again as he made a decision, heading towards the stairs to John’s room.
He much prefers the wild curls, but there is something elegant about this look. He also catches a glimpse of the manager talking to him. It looks like he is reassuring Sherlock, placing a hand on his shoulder and Sherlock stubbornly shrugs it away.
“No, I was going to say I take full responsibility for it.” Sherlock replied simply.
“Fine,” Sherlock sulked.
“Mmm, I think that’s pretty self-explanatory isn’t it, John? If you need
agree that my wife
“Is that
having Rosie there, that he had taken on more than either of them realised in that time. He put his hand on Sherlock’s curls to reassure him and Sherlock sat upright, looking at him, surprised by the contact. But it only made him more determined. His face changed as he looked into John’s eyes with a new intensity that made John almost stop breathing.
“But that’s different. You
“You weren’t part of the plan, John. You weren’t… what I expected,” he went on.
hours ago. He’s been missing for ten hours or more, that’s not a
“Are you an old man, now? Taking a nap in the midday sun?” Sherlock’s voice destroys every illusion of exactly that happening.
John huffed, and rolled his eyes, hoping Mike was joking. But Mike just held John’s gaze until he started to feel guilty. “I guess when you put it like that…” He glanced over at Sherlock sitting in the stands, looking down at his feet. He really did look miserable. “He said he wanted to give me space, to think about what I wanted to do.”
“That’s because I’m clever, John. Most people are stupid.” Sherlock covers John’s hands with his own, where they rest on his belly. He looks at the cover, at the ‘John H. Watson’, written in bold, red letters along the top, feeling his heart swell with pride again.
Rosie put her head back down and John felt a flare of anger at Sherlock for being so rude.
“Could be,” Greg conceded, but there was not enough of the right angle to really identify it with any certainty.
“It’s obvious that my brother – and John – are picking up on a certain…” Mycroft waved his hand around in the air trying to conjure the right word.
“I can’t do this… with you. We don’t get any privacy. Every spare moment we get together is interrupted by your brother, your work. I want you to myself at least some of the time. Do I need to book that in with Mycroft, too?”
Right sorry, I had to run to get the bus home
my lawyer. Where are they all?”
“If you’ll let me get a word in,” John finally said, pointedly. “I have been
“You seem to forget who got you out,” John said, turning away, unable to look at Sherlock, his eyes starting to well up. Greg knew John would find it far more humiliating to be seen being emotional now, than any of this nonsense Sherlock was trying to stir up.
“Look, Sherlock, don’t start trying to
“We won’t have time to enjoy it. Just keep it simple – ask about their business, maybe suggest you want to have a meeting or something, so you can look around the space,” she suggested.
out of earshot.
“Well that’s very kind of you,” John said sarcastically, sipping aggressively at his tea, the liquid burning his tongue.
At least, he was pretty sure that’s what John was thinking.
Sherlock heard and tried not to smirk. He was mostly focussed on the skip ahead. It was blue metal, very battered and rusted. The laneway was behind a row of shops and there were a series of other skips and bins further down, but this one was isolated.
“Why, Sherlock? Do you
“I don’t understand why you waited so long.”
,” John reminded him, finally looking up.
“Hi.” Sherlock replied, simply.
are real, helps,” Sherlock put a hand on his arm.
They stand together so very close, looking at Sherlock’s reddened thumb together, both not able to breathe, neither one making a move or trying to say anything, John still holding on to Sherlock’s hand. For a small moment, time seems to stand still and it’s just the two of them, sharing the space, sharing the seconds as they tick by.
“But this… this is where I live. I thought you were happy here?”
this. I’ll book you a flight to go and see him when this leg of the tour is over, but you do have to finish this.
He had clearly rattled Sherlock with whatever he had said. John couldn’t wait to be off the crutches and able to take James on properly. James needed to be seriously put in his place.
John lets out an audible sigh of relief. “What about your parents?”
“He didn’t
that. He asked too much of me. When he died and left me behind, I had to read all those things, hear those things, be approached by people in the street telling me he was a fraud and I tried to stay strong. But it broke me. And now, people are
John smiled and held out his arm and she passed Bunny over.
“Really?” Mycroft is taken aback.
“I have no idea… I don’t think so,” John answered. “He solved most of it without even leaving the flat, barely left the couch even. He’d spoken to employees, called the authorities in Ireland, and then he said he wanted to go out to check something else. That’s when we fought. He wasn’t making much sense after he solved the case. I thought… I
“Perfect. Just… perfect.” John finally said under his breath.
“Oh me too!” John said way too excited, and then chastised himself internally for not being cool. “Want to walk back together?” He asked a little too hopefully.
“Why?” Sherlock asked again, sitting up straighter. John always fascinated him when he was being unpredictable.
“You mean the crime scene? How?” Greg sat up straighter and John heard him issue a shout out to Donovan to get in his office.
“I don’t want to,” Sherlock tried to cross his arms and sulk, but it hurt too much, and he just had to drop them by his side again awkwardly, blushing slightly at his unsuccessful petulance.
“Then you’ll understand.” He stood a little straighter, his hands in his pockets. Waiting.
“Yeah, okay I promise. Whatever,” John said, with an eyeroll of annoyance.
“It’s fine."
“But you were so—”
Of course, it was Friday morning, so he avoided the front door and headed down to the bathrooms at the far end of the school. His regular Friday morning appointment. It was out of view of the staff, just late enough that classes were in and he could move about unnoticed.
“I can’t seem to keep them apart. And it’s been eating at me all week John because, she’s not even my... she’s not
Before Sherlock could argue, John was already grabbing their coats. There would be no argument.
was about the work,” Sherlock was losing control of this situation and he could feel it. John might not forgive him.
"Let me guess," John said, "you took some of it that night when we practically ran a marathon all over town tracking down the potential murder site when your sensibilities wouldn't allow you to sit in the same car as Donovan. I've still got blisters on my bloody feet."
“Were you?” John turns to look more fully at Sherlock.
. I had to pretend I didn’t know who he was,” John said, shaking his head in disgust.
“How have you been?” Sherlock asks, finally.
“Hey, will you go on ahead? I’ll meet you at class?” John suddenly said, snapping him out of his thoughts. Up ahead he could see Sarah at her locker.
John shook his head but didn’t take his hands off Sherlock’s face. He kept looking, watching him.
“That’s not what people normally say.”
John stopped to think about it. He knew he had been looking for the cane and had noticed its absence at home, more out of habit, out of comfort. But Sherlock was right, he had not, in fact, needed it at any point. He had not even noticed walking all that way without it.
“So they didn’t shoot the gun,” John deduced, looking around for Sherlock’s reaction only to remember he wasn’t there. Where was he, again?
“Doesn’t look like nothing,” Sherlock teases, observing John’s obvious reaction. “Really, John. What is it?”
it a thing. Especially while you have crutches to contend with. We can argue about it later. For now, I won’t take no for an answer. Unless you want to hold the books and I just carry
They fall quiet after their giggles die down, the sound of the rain against the roof, the wind in the trees filling the silence. And John is back to his thoughts.
“Ok class, attention please. All eyes up here. That means you too Anderson,” the teacher directed to everyone.
Sherlock. It didn’t take long for John to piece that together and his blood began to boil. He channelled his anger, storming closer on his crutches.  Close enough to be intimidating, his face obviously giving off enough of a threat that the man actually took a step back to press against the tiled wall. He did eye John up and down, trying to assess if the crutches were enough of a disadvantage to save him.
Sherlock didn’t speak, he just looked at John and, in that moment, he looked genuinely scared.
Sherlock sat up properly to look at John, to watch the concern etched on his face, to process the information, for how heavily trapped in this situation he was becoming. He didn’t want this for them, not for John at least.
The look John saw there made him sigh. John’s mouth curved up into a gentle knowing smile. “You’re better at it than you think,” he said.
“Mycroft will never allow it,” she snapped.
of yours is, but I shall look forward to doing this again,” he said with a sneer, giving John the once over one more time, before turning back to Sherlock and running his hand sensually down Sherlock’s cheek bone to his lips. “Think about what I said, won’t you?” And with that he was off, passing John and deliberately running into his shoulder.
generous,” John said, nodding a little too keenly.
How he wished John would sit with him and they could be like that. In the fleeting moments they had together, Sherlock felt like John really wanted to spend time with him. No one had ever given him that kind of attention. But Sherlock knew he was reading too much into it. He was displacing his own desires onto the situation and imagining things that weren’t there. Then again, what had John said to him the other day in the alleyway?
“I just don’t understand the fun of this. It’s walking, but up a mountain, which makes it even more annoying. You could have easily done this without me, you know?”
She certainly seemed thrilled to be sitting with you in English…and in Chemistry...and History.
one?”
“Absolutely,” Sherlock smiled.
“I know. I feel the same way.”
John sat beside Sherlock’s bed, running through their arrival in his head on an endless repeating loop. Sherlock had refused help, from absolutely everyone – John included. Storming ahead of John, he tried to constantly use the wall to prop himself up as he progressed down the corridors, in a weak attempt to stay upright. Stubborn to a fault, he argued incessantly with John, then physically wrestled off the nurses, until he finally collapsed. As terrifying as it had been for John to watch Sherlock’s decline, it was a welcome relief, that they could finally help him, without any more struggling. Now he was sleeping, fitted with a drip and awaiting the last of the test results, before they moved him to a bed ward for kidney disease patients. Dialysis was definitely on the cards and it seemed like the damage was thankfully going to be reversible. He'd need to be on a low-protein diet and intravenous fluids until the kidney damage showed signs of either improving or getting worse.
“John—” Sherlock was suddenly confused.
Sherlock watches as John flips the cover to look at the back, eyes skimming over the list of songs that are printed there in fine letters, as if written in ink. He knows John doesn’t know much about all the classics written there, though he might recognize some of the big names.
“I’m trying to figure out where we fit too, John. How this will work:
“What, are you serious?” Greg checked.
made his choice already.”
“Never better. This ugly mug caused a bit of trouble though,” he said with bravado.
Sherlock remained very still, unmoving. He was clearly not going to say anything until he had processed it all. John was going to just have to leave him like this.
“Probably back when I ended up in the hospital,” Sherlock said bluntly without blinking.
“Right, yeah sure, help yourself. My cook was meant to open up early and get started and she’s bloody slept in, hasn’t she? So, you have free reign of the joint before any customers come in. What’s your coffee? I’ll get that sorted.”
“So is this…thing. You and James? The other day you said…” John tried to sound casual, but failed.
“Right…” John said, coming back into the lounge room, trying to cover his deceptiveness with a brighter tone – probably wasted on Sherlock who would instantly know he was up to something. But Sherlock ignored him as he read, and for the first time John really looked at what Sherlock was so engrossed in.
“I’ve got practice.”
“Fine. That’s fine. I’ve got plenty of other clients anyway. You’re not
as well.
he thought to himself.
,” John whispers and the endearment sends shivers down his spine, still.
John couldn’t stop laughing at how excited he was. “Don’t tell me you actually
“Oh? You know something?” Greg stopped, halfway through buttoning his shirt to look at Mycroft.
When Sherlock returned to the room, John could feel his mood had shifted. His footsteps were slow and heavy on the stairs, and he was quieter, resigned to something. He walked slowly across the room and sat in his chair opposite John’s, making eye contact. John tilted his head in question.
“You did. Believe me, it was just as much of a surprise to me. But you’re here now. How about before you leave, I make some toast? Put something in that stomach other than pure alcohol.” Sherlock tried to be helpful, and to keep John here a little longer, selfishly.
(“Sorry, did you want these too?”)
"Piss off.”
He grabbed his phone and dialled the number he was not looking forward to calling.
John stood so still, unable to form more words.
her John. She’s the spitting image, and all week I couldn’t look at her without seeing Rosie and I couldn’t bear to see Rosie… And I just... I don’t understand it. You know I never have an issue with separating myself. If anything I…”
Finally they reached half time and the teams ran off the field for their break. Sherlock felt a stab of disappointment as John left the field and suddenly he was back to feeling awkward and alone. He took in the crowd. So many excited and happy people, all heavy in conversation. Sherlock stood up to let people out of the row, stepping into the side aisle. The school ran a canteen and many people took the opportunity to go and get food and drinks and just move about. He enjoyed being able to stretch his legs a bit, the space between seats not enough for his long legs to cope – even for the short length of a sporting match. He felt all the more exposed just standing in the aisle, though, so he returned back to his seat. He grabbed out his phone and found he had a message.
“Are you sure?” John asked again.
“Well clearly I didn’t think that bit through fully, John. There wasn’t time!” Sherlock tried to argue.
The awkward slow walk across the front of the class to the door on his crutches was excrutiating. John glanced over at Sarah briefly, who was blushing as well, eyes in her lap, not willing to look at John. He felt a pang of guilt. Finally he reached the door, which Sherlock held open for him, closing it gently before turning to face John. Before he could speak, John leapt in.
“Thank you,” he says, more politely now, handing her the loaned jacket in exchange. “Do you have a pen and some paper I could use?” he tries again.
“Right. Well, if you want to try… how about I hold the paling in place and you just put the nail in one spot and—”
“Thanks.” Sherlock said again awkwardly with a smile.
John sulked in the office, working once more through footage, with less enthusiasm than usual. He had been essentially demoted. Despite the fact this had always been his job, this time it felt different. It was so much harder to concentrate now, too.
“Their tattoos seem to match their professions, possibly. Maybe we’re overthinking it, but it could be relevant. There is something familiar about the design that I just can’t place,” Mycroft said, deep in thought.
“So it seems,” Mycroft sneered, very unhappy that he had been unable to contain the situation alone. He had been loathe to call his little brother and admit defeat, but John was a law unto himself at the moment and he feared Sherlock may be the only one capable of making an impact.
Sherlock lets go of him, rummaging in his pocket. “You left me a note,” he says, holding the evidence out between them.
Friday 6:55pm
“Normal is boring,” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.
“I want it to be.” Sherlock’s reply was quiet, but confident and clear.
The smell of scotch drifted up from him which worried Sherlock. He was not in a good way.
“I have excellent judgement, thank you very much,” John smiles back. “Don’t you dare say otherwise.”
Still, in the back of his mind, Mycroft’s words kept echoing on a loop:
“Are you there? You git, if you’ve changed your mind, it’s too late!” John yelled into the phone in frustration. “I’m already on my way back now. It’s too late to change your order,” he scoffed in frustration, standing on the spot, listening. He could hear groaning and heavy breathing.
John has his hands wrapped around his mug of tea a bit too tightly, his fingers white with the pressure, grateful for something to hold on to. He is looking into the distance, not really seeing anything. Instead, he is focused on trying to find the right words, a way to start this conversation they should have had weeks ago. Now, and they both know it, it’s too late to get out of this without getting hurt.
“In here with the sensitive information no one else has?” John asked, incredulous.
“Sherlock,” John let out in frustration. “You’re rich, you’re smart. There are so many reasons you are out of my league. Why
” he groaned to himself as he came into consciousness.
“Yes Mrs Hudson, do come in.” Sherlock was sitting in John’s chair, legs crossed, fingertips together, deep in thought. It did irritate him how gentle and sensitive everyone was around him. It was almost comical, considering how very inconsiderate he always was of everyone else. They were all clearly concerned he might break if they behaved normally. Little did they know he was already well and truly broken.
“I assure you, Dr Watson, my brother is innocent.”
John leaned over and gave him one more quick kiss.
“John?” Mycroft said gently, stirring him from his thoughts.
“Don’t think I don’t know what you are doing.” Sherlock looks over his shoulder, then turns the car to the right.
Walking down the stairs, still in a bit of a daze as he pulled the soft t-shirt over his head, John headed straight towards the kitchen to make tea in the hopes of settling his jangling nerves. It was probably too early to go straight for the hard liquor.
“I thought I’d go out this morning and surprise you – stock up the fridge while you were sleeping and even
“Sure thing,” John said, returning the smile, grabbing his bag from the floor and then he was gone. His heart was hammering in his chest as he ran down the corridor to head to the bus. How was he going to explain this? He grabbed out his phone and there were already two missed calls from his dad.
“Oh, sure, right. Sorry. I didn’t mean to…I can just…” John began awkwardly, starting to get up. He shouldn't have pushed so hard. Why did he always have to be like this?
When Sherlock opened his eyes again – his face now so close to John’s they could almost have kissed – something in John’s stomach clenched. He didn’t know why. But something seemed…
“I love you John,” he whispered back, his lips so close as he pushed his head against the bars and John started to close his eyes as the shock took over.
“Really? You’ll stay?” Sherlock said hopefully, interrupting John’s thoughts. “You and Rosie?”
“Exactly. Get out of here. Boys messaging my son! Coming to our door unannounced! He’s not interested in…
Sherlock had smiled at him, in a way that John couldn’t quite read. It was as if no one had ever offered to spend time with him before or expected anything of him beyond his musical skills. John hadn’t been sure whether to be embarrassed that he had asked, or happy to have surprised the genius.
“Hey, Sherlock! It’s me. It’s John. Can you open your eyes for me?” he asked again, a little louder.
“Will
“Get your own breakfast!” Sherlock shot at him.
“John… stop this,” Sherlock tried to reach out and put a hand on his arm, but John pulled away.
“Yes sadly, he doesn’t let us intervene in his life, so I watch from afar. Our parents are away a lot, so his care rests with me, but we don't get along very well. My… work allows me certain privileges which I occasionally abuse to keep up to speed with things unbeknownst to him.”
Sherlock’s face dropped – changing from the earlier confidence, the stony battle face he used to fake some bravado with his brother – just enough that John noticed from up close. He placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm.
___________________
“Right,” Mycroft finally asserted, “well then
“It’s fine. Finish your soup, you lazy sod,” John said with a lightness he didn't feel and left the room.
in my head every day. It won’t leave. His head… the pavement…and his words…” he let that thought drift away briefly looking lost in those memories before shaking his head to clear it, looking skyward to stop the tears from showing. “I can’t get it out of my head. I can’t take it anymore. It’s the only way I can get it to leave my head. And you think…you think he gave a bloody damn about me?! You’re even stupider than he said you were!” John yelled banging his fists on the table.
“Sorry, I’m still confused. How old is this footage? How is looking at this footage going to enable us to stop someone? How can we stop this from happening if it’s already happened?”
“If you’re quick,” he said, still not looking up.
you remember then?” she tried.
“John…I know I was a bit forward before, in the car. I do that sometimes. But…well, can I ask…are you going to ask me out? I mean… sorry,” she laughed nervously, shaking her head. “I don’t mean to be pushy. It’s just that I think you
“I’m asking, you cock, because you have a cold house waiting up the hill. You haven’t been there yet, to turn the heating on. So, if you stop being a right arse, I would offer that you take a nap while the casserole is in the oven, and I go up there to do that for you.”
The silence on the other end of the phone made him tense, though. “So you’re at a tattoo parlour? Don’t get anything too outlandish,” John tried to joke inappropriately, scrunching his face up at himself. Awkward silences did make him so uncomfortable. He cleared his throat to regroup. “Right, well I’ll follow up on the address, just send it through. I’ll stop by the lab on the way.”
Molly nodded, but didn’t say anything. He said
“But your dad…”
“How long is he gone for?” John checked, trying to mentally figure out how long he was willing to commit to this idea.
he chastises himself. This isn’t a movie, this isn’t a fairy tale. It’s probably some sixty-year-old local who can make him biscuits. Or a family with a seven-year-old genius who will have little interest in John’s adoration. But something about it still pulls him forward, demands his attention. His breakfast forgotten now, he races forward, grabbing his cane and throwing open the front door. His foot kicks against something and he looks down to see a can of beans on the doormat. For a moment he is confused, unsure of how it happens to be there, but he can’t stop now. He needs to make sure he can catch this neighbour in the throes of playing. He needs to be sure it is real.
“Does Lestrade
A quick glance in the fridge and pantry alerts John to the need for a trip to the store tomorrow. Mrs Hudson will be upset that he hasn’t been to visit all week, so it is long overdue. He manages to make a simple dinner of eggs on toast before he starts up the fire. For once it starts quickly which is a great relief, because he’s never been good at it, but his aching muscles really need some warmth tonight. He settles down into the comfy armchair to read a book, with some scotch in a small glass, putting his feet up on a small stool that doubles as his footrest. He lets out a sigh at how wonderful it feels and settles in to focus on another mystery book from the shelves. Some chapters in, a sound in the distance catches his attention: he can hear music. It’s been so long since he’s heard music and he pauses his reading to stop and listen. Real music, not just a recording. It is the sound of someone playing an instrument – a violin perhaps? The beautiful melody captivates him, and he puts down his book properly to listen for a bit, before walking out onto the small back verandah, with his scotch glass in hand, to try and find where it’s coming from. The closest house to his left is all still, all the lights out. It isn’t that late, but considering the owners are an older couple, the early night makes sense, and he is pretty sure neither of them are musical.
“This won’t do at all! Brother, why didn’t you tell me sooner? I will make arrangements to get you into a more… private facility. London Bridge at the very least,” Mycroft scoffed. "You'll be more comfortable there," he promised, his glance sweeping around the other beds in the four-person room.
“Sherlock—” John tried to reason with him.
“Well, you’re right about that. We both know you don’t possess the necessary skills to really
week. But
some of the play as well?” he teased again.
His latest series of nightmares had shaken him a little bit more than usual. They were particularly realistic, and his heartrate was pounding in his chest with fear.
“Doubt it,” Greg replied. “Why does that matter?”
tell me it’s not your doing!” he tried to pull away from Greg and spring at him again. Everitt dodged to the side nervously, and Greg firmed his grip around John’s midsection.
“I know that. And deep down
. Keep me informed.” Mycroft hung up the phone and rested his head in his hands. He knew his younger brother was very capable. He would not have let Sherlock tackle the network alone if he didn’t have faith in those skills. Sherlock was determined to be the one to bring them down. And to do it alone. He was stubborn, but all the Holmeses were. The plan had been seamless, until recently.
“I don’t think I did this…” Sherlock’s eyes were sad, confused.
“Is this because of tonight? The orchestra? You didn’t like it?”
“My uh…my name is Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes,” he said holding out his hand to shake hers, but she didn’t take it. “I’m a friend of John’s from school. I’ve brought some homework he needed.”
“No. What? No.” John was caught off-guard. That was not what he was implying.
“Well… I’m just… investigating options,” Sherlock says gently, without committing.
“That’s why I’m here, Sherlock. Whatever you need.” John hoped that Sherlock would read in his tone that he really meant that.
. Sherlock looked up at John blankly, innocently, but they had known each other long enough. John knew he was asking for more information.
“What the hell is this? Am I…? Are you telling me you’re seeing this too?” John said to Lestrade.
“You shouldn’t have done this.”
John’s ankle was improving by the day. With some firm strapping, he was able to put the crutches down and do some light training with the boys. Not enough to play this weekend probably, but by next weekend maybe… if he was even still here then. The decision had been weighing on him all day. And watching Sherlock, sitting deliberately at the other side of the classroom from him for the rest of their lessons today, was extra torture. He knew Sherlock was doing it to give him some space, but he didn’t want space. Not from Sherlock.
“Are you sure?” John asked.
“Hey!” Greg turned to look at Mycroft, offended. It was one thing for Sherlock to say it, but that he told others was a bit annoying.
“Sherlock… I just… I… I’ve always known it was
“Is this going to be a problem, William? Is the next tour going to be an issue again?”
his every instinct to
“Yes, it was enthralling – from a medical perspective, at least – reading about crime scene injuries and how to determine their cause.”
“Sleeping,” Mary offered again with a nod, as Mycroft’s phone started trilling in his pocket.
“Really? You’re sure? Because...”
“You can have them,” he says suddenly, annoyed at himself for giving in, and for not spending more time getting to know this interesting new person. He puts them back on the shelf and turns on his heel to limp away from the imposing gentleman. He still has some eggs left at home. That will have to do for today.
Tuesday 1:00pm
“No time,” John said with a smug smile, winking at him as he swallowed down the sweet liquid. Sherlock always had too much sugar in his tea. It made his wink turn into a squint for a moment; it hurt his teeth. He moved to the couch to put on his shoes, as he heard Greg run up the stairs and into the flat.
“You don’t have to say anything, John. I love you. My brother is happy because I’m more settled now since I’ve found you. He can see that now. He’s giving us his blessing. The house is ours. There’s nothing else to say. Except to say yes, of course.”
“It’s not normally this bad,” John tried to justify.
“He’s half off his face right now, John. He needs to understand that he can’t just do whatever he wants and act out and then expect everyone to trust in him blindly, the way you do,” Greg accused, gently.
is. It’s too hard,” John said, finally looking at him. “I think… I think I’m out. I just can't.”
Neither of them had realised just how much John had cared about Sherlock because caring was something they stayed far away from. They had not considered the ramifications of leaving him out of the planning. Ensuring he witnessed the fall, and grieved it as the trusted friend, was part of the plan. To ensure he remained safe, to ensure he remained blame free and could live on. It had not occurred to them that John was not willing to live as long as Sherlock did not. It was a cost Sherlock had already decided was beyond his ability to live with. He knew what his decision was, the second he was told. The second he had returned to British soil and he was told. There had been no other option for him. He had just been waiting.
He grabbed his phone off the side table, checking the time. Five A.M. – too early for the sun to be up yet, but early enough for Sherlock to get out and about and into trouble, possibly. He dialled Sherlock’s mobile, only to hear the sound of it vibrating from somewhere in the room.
already did…” Mycroft commented, glancing up and down at John’s posture, deducing the cold way only a Holmes brother could.
“Nothing just a cut. I…”
Sunday 10:15am
“Yes that’s right,” John said, swallowing hard.
Sherlock grabbed at the books and avoided eye contact, aware that others nearby were staring as well. The whole school knew about James and Sherlock and their history. He was sure this would be great fodder for the gossip.
“You know, I think what you two have is lovely, and I can see that John really cares for you,” she said kindly, as she rolled up her sleeve to lean in and take the plug out. Sherlock could tell she was trying to distract him by changing the subject. “He does tend to let his frustration bleed out a lot, but he loves you. That much is clear.”
“I’ll be there, thanks,” he said with a smile.
“You left me here and now look at me. I’m an empty shell, just like I was before we met. I hope you’re happy,” he said, before emptying the contents of the glass again and slamming it onto the counter.
“I know exactly what you mean. He has been a bit out of sorts. Can you stay with it, until the team get there?”
“I don’t know… straight?” Mycroft said, finally looking into Greg’s eyes, trying to read him.
“I love you. You
John doesn’t need to read it. Every word on this piece of paper has burned itself into his mind, repeating over and over each day, taunting him.
“I know. It’s okay John. I’m fine, just a bit woozy. And you will be okay too,” Sherlock said sternly.
“Shit. Must be an infection,” John said, mostly to himself. “Sherlock, I’m going to get some antibiotics started as well as your next dose of paracetamol and try to cool you down a bit. If you can hear me, I’ve got you. I’ve got this. Just keep listening to my voice. Don’t go anywhere. We need to find out what's going on here.”
happens,” he snarls quietly into the phone as John comes back to the table and sits down.
time?”
“It’s a joke,” John added uncomfortably, seeing that Sherlock was tense.
“Anything to eat?” John asked as he walked to the kitchen.
into your club to sell drugs. Don’t you
John looked up at Mycroft. Really looked at him. How he wanted that to be true. He saw his own fatigue and worry mirrored in Mycroft’s face. “Well, he has a really twisted way of showing it,” John scoffed.
was not really something he wanted to support.
“And… I’m in love with you,” John added, with a sudden confidence he didn’t understand.
“Nonsense! Who
“Sherlock,” Greg realised.
The distant noises became louder as they got closer, and the familiar sound of his cage being opened, brought him back from the brink. A cage was all you could call it. He had been reduced to a caged animal, and they were going to experiment on him again. He couldn’t bear the thought of being tortured again so soon. He wasn’t sure he could make it through another session. Even a mind as strong as his had finally begun to break. He started to sob weakly to himself at the thought of more pain. But even that hurt him, so he stopped.
“Are you okay? If this is too much—”
“And I noted it.”
“John Watson,” he said, not looking at him.
He sat up, grabbing for his cane again, to help push himself back up to his feet, with a heavy groan. When did he become so old and creaky, that it hurt just to get up off the bloody sofa? He shook his head at himself in silence as he hobbled over to the kitchen. Today, everything felt hard – even the ten steps from the sofa to the fridge. He briefly considered making some eggs, before grabbing a beer instead, and a packet of crisps from the pantry. He grabbed his clunky, out-of-date laptop from the kitchen counter – another gift from his sister’s marriage breakup – shoved it roughly under his arm and hobbled back to the sofa. He settled against the cushions as he dropped the laptop to the sofa, sorting out the crisps and opening his beer. He shovelled a handful of crisps into his mouth, enjoying the satisfying crunch, and chasing it with a first, cold, sip of beer. Placing them back down on the coffee table, he set about opening the laptop to get it started.
“You’re still cold?”
“Yes, but this is more fun… and I get some time to talk to you,” Sherlock said, surprising John. “I’ve missed having you to talk to. Imaginary John was always a poor substitute.”
“We?”
. Doesn’t that seem strange?” Mycroft asked.
They both glanced at each other and then broke into laughter.
, it shouldn’t be forced on Sherlock.  After all they weren’t a family. Not really. John was just a pathetic flat mate who couldn’t afford to pay rent on his own while trying to raise his daughter. He had been so desperate, he hadn’t stopped to really think about whether this was something Sherlock wanted, or would want long term. They had never even discussed it.
Sherlock just nodded in compliance again, not moving.
“I see. And the people before me? What happened to the ones that joined before I was recruited?” he asked, nervously.
in a bar, apparently. And then she was naked in her hotel room and Sherlock was there,” John said, swallowing hard, the words harder to take than the hot tea.
“Love you too, you git. Oh, the car park is there, at the right,” John points out, and Sherlock pulls into the right lane.
But before he could hear a reply, chaos descended as police burst through the door and the house lit up with the familiar glow of blue lights flickering through the windows. Something about it was soothing to John. After so many crime scenes, it brought a certain peace, a calmness, despite the reality of the situation.
“So it’s customary for boyfriends to carry your books to class,” Sherlock said with a blush as he walked up to greet John at his locker, placing a quick kiss on his cheek.
“That’s why you didn’t want John here?” Sherlock looked back toward the skip. The photographer was already flashing the camera, adjusting angles, getting first glimpses of the scene and Sherlock was annoyed. He liked to get the first look. The police were notoriously stupid at crime scenes, not understanding the delicate nature of evidence. There had been a number of occasions where Sherlock knew he could have solved the case faster had he been first on scene without their interference.
John looked up at him, surprised. “He’s good for me too,” he replied. Mycroft nodded and looked over at the principal to signal that he was finished. John took his place beside the rest of the team as they received more applause from the school.
“He...” John began, pointing to Sherlock’s room aggressively, “...has a collapsed lung, internal bleeding, which we’re still not exactly in the clear from, so many broken bones, Mycroft. He’s been bloody tortured for weeks in that… that dungeon! Where
“Could you?” John asked, feeling the need to justify his sanity a little bit, and taking out his notebook to write that down for himself as well.
“Works hard, very loyal – almost to a fault, in fact. He’s trustworthy. Topped his class at Barts but would never brag about that. Three years in Afghanistan. Honourably discharged after being shot. Invalided – walks with a cane. Tried some local GP work and casual A & E contracts. Nothing flashy. Nothing that stuck.”
“Sherlock?” John sat up in the chair, pausing. But even John could tell Sherlock had actually stopped talking altogether now. “Sherlock?” he asked again, standing up from his chair, staring down the corridor.
“Sherlock?” he asked desperately. “Oh Mycroft…” he was disappointed, listening to Mycroft frantically barking at him over the phone. He stopped moving as he tried to listen and focus, his blood pumping loudly in his ears, his heart rate racing out of control. “Yes I’m here… just looking for him now… no, what? I haven’t seen Mary… but Mycroft… no, I don’t know, I don’t…”
“Yes,” Mycroft continued, ignoring Sherlock’s threat. “Our parents travel so much for work these days. I’ve been appointed as his legal guardian in their absence and well, you know he has issues - of course you do. With James back on the scene, I was… concerned. Sherlock needs to be regularly assessed as part of the agreement with our parents. It was a condition of being allowed to have you for dinner, that he agree to see the psychologist this afternoon,” he finished.
“Yes,” he conceded. “You weren’t supposed to find out. No one was.”
“Obviously. It is only logical that you would get one, living out here as you do. Especially in winter. Also, I can clearly see where you are usually parked. Tyre marks. Not a difficult deduction to make, especially with the snow. You would never buy one – you don’t have the money – but you were offered one to borrow. Herr Mayr, I’d say. He drives an old Audi. But he’s slowly going blind, so you probably help him out with groceries and take him to the doctor, from time to time,” Sherlock says, without blinking, hands in the pockets of his long coat.
John makes his tea and toast and moves slowly and painfully out to the little verandah to sit in the early light and take in the fresh air, in hopes that it will improve his state of irritation. The mornings and evenings in the mountains definitely have a chill that remind him of London, despite it being summer. The rising sun creates a soft glow in the sky, although it is yet to grace the house with its warmth, being further down the hill. He glances up at the house – his favourite house – in the distance, as the first rays of sunlight begin to shine on it. The windows sparkle in the distance, from the attention, and it creates an angelic moment, as if the house he admires so much, with the glorious and mysterious musician holed up inside needs to seem any more perfect.
“I’m crazy about you, Sherlock Holmes. And I don’t want to leave,” he repeated.
things,” he added under his breath, sounding displeased. “Is he still resting?” he asked of Sherlock, his voice clearly softer now, worried.
“That’s the thing… I uh…”
Donavan looked up and gave Lestrade a nod and then her brow creased at John and Sherlock being allowed to follow him. She knew what was happening. Then her eyes returned to the lady, and continued talking. Lestrade led them further down the corridor to the next interview room.
with him. That’s how I ended up… like this.” He gestured down at his foot. “I was too busy worrying about
______________________
. My brother has been nauseatingly attentive, and the nurse has been in to check on me too. We thought you should be left alone, to sleep.”
“Not a match either.”
“It doesn’t… look good. You know… all those people?” he asked. “You’re involved?”
think?” John asked gently, putting a hand on Sherlock’s arm, the two of them stopping to look at the point of contact, both of them momentarily confused by it.
“Okay, I deserve that,” John agreed.
(“First time, dear?”)
I love him, that I need to leave. He needs to stop trying to make me happy. It’s like watching a caged animal, seeing him suffocated, silenced like that. He needs to be heard. Properly heard. He does not belong in that chair, beside those musicians. They’re not worthy to share the space with him. I’m sure they’re all outstanding enough, but Sherlock is… he’s extraordinary, he’s a rare gem.” John stops pacing and looks at Mycroft, who seems to be taken aback by John’s tirade. “Well you
“Get that will you John? Somehow I don’t think this little tyrant is going to let her Unk Tehrok stop.”
“Anderson, can you cue up the footage for us,” Govinda directed. “It’s grainy, but there’s definitely someone there. We thought having both teams on hand for opinions might be a good idea, since we’re out of time.”
“Well I kept running into that bloody side table and it just wasn’t practical. Hopefully Joe doesn’t mind.”
Sherlock had found comfort in his new routine: the more confused and delirious he became, the more often John appeared. It was an interesting feature his mind palace had developed during this isolation, one he wasn’t entirely unhappy with. He preferred these awake hallucinations to the repeated nightmares of his sleeping hours, of that much he was certain. Staying awake and talking through his thoughts with John, as he suffered through the consequences of sleep deprivation was a much more pleasant way to pass the time. When he slept, the sound of John screaming his name would always wake him and would ring in his ears for hours after. Reliving the moment he had to say goodbye, and hearing what it did to John, was a torture all of its own.
“Sherlock?” he walked to the bathroom, pushing the door open and finding it empty. His heart had started gently pounding in his chest, with the beginnings of concern as he fought his tired brain to try and think through where Sherlock could have gone. He was walking back towards the bed, when something outside the window caught his eye and in the pre-dawn light he could make out a figure on the beach. He moved closer to the window, squinting his eyes.
“Seriously, don’t worry John. Sorry I didn’t mean to scare you,” Mike kicked himself internally, “it’s just… well looking at your clothes, I’m gathering they will give you a hard time. Best you know up front what to watch out for,” Mike said sympathetically.
Sherlock stood up to see what John was looking at. Sure enough, the photos of the tattoos had fallen in such a way that they fit together in an almost fan shape on the floor. Not perfectly, not like a jigsaw, but the way they fell, John could see sense. Sherlock was still trying to see what John had noticed as John raced over to the desk, opening his laptop and logging in, beginning a search. Sherlock stepped over the papers, still not sure what the mess was really supposed to be showing him.
“John, it’s not that simple,” Donovan stepped back in.
Friday 6:21pm
“John, I know you’re new and you’re still settling in. But I like you,” she said confidently. “I don’t know what you think about me, but I
Nothing. I just wanted to say thank you. For yesterday.
“We?” Sherlock checked.
forgotten,” John said, his voice faltering, but his eyes planted firmly on the man before him, serious and unwavering.
“You know, it would be nice to be woken with a kiss, slowly and softly,” John laments, as the light streams in on him from the newly open curtains his boyfriend has tortured him with.
“Ooookay, my love. Enough swing. How about you take Bunny on the slide for a bit. Daddy’s just going to look at something,” he enticed her.
“Just take me with you and I won’t,” John tried again.
“Sherlock, things are… not right at the moment, for you. It’s not your fault. I’m looking into it.”
Friday 6:21pm
“Wait. You spoke to Sherlock about this? That’s how the—”
“So, I get three weeks with you?” John asks, cheeks wet with tears of laughter, as he straightens. All Sherlock manages is a nod, laughter still threatening to bubble up from his throat.
“You can go,” Sherlock said coldly, dismissing him, making the decision to keep banging the nails into his own coffin. “And take that ridiculous lawyer with you. I will represent myself,” he spat at them all.
“You’d be helping me out really,” Mike said, relieved, with renewed enthusiasm. “I don’t have time to go over and keep the place in order and my Mother’s been nagging me that it will be sitting empty for so long. Haven’t had time to list it anywhere. We don’t need the money, really. It was more to have someone just keeping an eye on the place while my brother’s gone.”
“It’s a shame they had to take that tube out of your throat,” Mycroft poked. “It was so much more peaceful when you couldn’t speak your mind.”
“Not at all. I feel the same way. I don’t have a lot of people close to me. I’ve been very good at ensuring that’s the case, in fact. But I had hoped you considered me a friend. So yes, I am okay with that, because I feel the same way,” John reassures him.
“I have a couple of stops to make first,” Greg reminded him.
John smiled at him, “You know, it’s not her fault you have a ridiculous name that’s impossible for her to say.”
“And now we have a farmer. In a small town in Yorkshire? How could he possibly be connected to either of those people?” Greg asked, frustrated.
“Of course, anything you need,” he replied more formally, before flicking his eyes to Greg, who turned away to look at the bookshelves suddenly with great interest.
“No,” Sherlock sulked in reply. “All right? Happy? I haven’t taken anything,” he responded, unable to look John in the eye. “God, you’re more annoying than Mycroft right now. And you
“That’s right. You don’t want to think about the unpleasant things, do you? You just assumed I would get over it, right? But I didn’t. Not for a very long time,
______________________
“I thought—”
“Was it James?” John’s voice was quiet and a little hesitant.
“Is it?” Sherlock asked.
“Mycroft, honestly.”
“I don’t feel so good,” he said. The head injury and stab wound, mingled with the shock, all seemed to catch up to him at once. Sherlock couldn’t hold himself up any longer either, as his legs gave way under him. But he held on tight to John.
“Sherlock…do you…do you not want me to come on cases any more? Is there something I’ve missed?”
That thought makes the laughter die down in his throat and Sherlock lets himself sink down into the ice-cold depths again, to chase it away.
“Did you want to do something together tomorrow maybe?” Sherlock was really trying.
“John!” he suddenly livened up and ran over to him expecting a happy reception.
“Mycroft,” John said with an air of confidence he didn’t really feel, as he entered. This place was so intimidating, as was clearly the intention. He did enjoy the complete look of surprise their entry created on Mycroft’s face, though.
John smiled and his head hurt a little even from that small movement. Judging by the lack of people in the room, he gathered he had been out for a good while.
“It must be tiring – travelling so much like that? Having to be so switched on all the time?”
“Coach is about to lock up. Thought you would rather me interrupt, than him.” Mike had a wicked grin on his face and John couldn’t help blushing. “You left these outside,” he continued, putting them down on one of the benches in front of him.
. We thought of everything,” Sherlock tried to say, with arrogance, despite shivering and feeling slightly feverish.
More students filed in, some giving him the once over he was so used to. One of the girls giving him a particularly more interested glance, which caught his eye. It wasn’t the usual judgemental look, more of an appraisal. Maybe he would have to get to know her better.
“Sher—what? What’s… going on?” John managed to sputter out in wheezy breaths.
“John…” he tried, crouching down closer.
Almost as if on cue, John hears the strains of the violin starting up. This time it doesn’t seem like a concerto, not a fancy flurry of notes, but a simple, beautiful melody. Somehow, it’s slightly sad and yet also full of… hope? Something in the melody floods straight into John’s heart, making his pulse race from the sheer beauty of it. He closes his eyes and lets the cool air rush over his face as he listens to it. The melody is almost calling to him. He feels it in every fibre of his being. He could sit and listen to that violin and never tire of it, he knows that much. He had promised himself to be brave, to make the effort and meet this mystery violinist. Under the guise of being neighbourly, of course. Would she be beautiful? Would she be old enough for John to charm her? Was he overthinking it?
(“Understood.”)
y knowing it could be my last and I wouldn’t get to… to see you again,” he paused at that admission and quieted his voice again. “And because I knew, if I came and
“Thank you,” he said quietly. John let out a frustrated sigh.
“John, wait… I… but I love you.”
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson. It is good,” he says, picking up a few bags of Gummi bears and adding them to John’s basket, ignoring the disapproving sound the doctor makes. He then leaves John to his groceries, approaching the shop owner instead.
“No, just… well yes actually. This whole thing has messed with my head,” he confessed. “I’m definitely having strange dreams.”
Sherlock let out a long breath and closed his eyes again, enjoying every imagined sensation of the moment. Just one moment.
______________________
my legs are now broken, actually…” He opened his eyes and glanced across the room to the corner where John would stand. “You know… you’re
When the man stared and said nothing, John’s rage built further still. The man started to chuckle in his throat, a realisation in his eyes, about something which John didn’t understand, and it only fuelled John further. He punched the man, hard, so that he fell back to the floor. In closer proximity now, he could see the wound. He’d managed to shoot clean through the shoulder. There was a fair bit of blood.
for me to stay?”
And Greg led him out of the room as he nodded to himself.
“Give me more information. I want the location of the café. I want the bloody date. I need more information. I tried to search the business names and they don’t exist. They’ve been removed from the internet.
“So does that mean you’re going to die too?” he asked, brightening, feeling hopeful for the first time.
Mycroft left the room and John sank down into one of the chairs in defeat. It was over.
They both watched the footage a few times but couldn’t place it. “A business card perhaps? Maybe her number?” Greg said, to which John gave him a shocked look. “Well what would
“Has the skip been moved?” He asked Lestrade with urgency.
“If only we knew more about who these bloody people were,” Greg said, exasperated.
as possible! And you walked right in there like some… some bloody mercenary?! What am I supposed to say to that?!” Sherlock was furious.
“He has?” John hates himself for how hopeful he sounds in that moment.
“Come on, Sherlock.” John couldn’t believe he was going to take that line. As if the last week of weirdness hadn’t even happened.
“Sherlock—” she said, as he fell forward.
required,” Sherlock said dramatically with an air of defiance from the kitchen.
.” Sherlock said more forcefully.
a “them”. He kept his eyes glued to the front doors in the distance, hoping John would walk through them. Every time a student pushed the doors open, he would look up, his heart in his throat. After fifteen minutes of disappointment he stopped looking, slumping against the wall, hugging his bag against his chest for comfort, deep in thought.
lol I can’t imagine you in the kitchen
“Yes John, but he was fully
“Yes,” Mycroft said absently, glancing back in the direction of the bedroom with unease, before sitting in Sherlock’s leather chair. “What does John think? Did he say? What do
“Well, yes, it’s just that I thought… well, I didn’t think it would matter, and then when I realized it might, I didn’t know how to…” Sherlock lets his voice trail off, not sure how to finish the thought.
“It can be. It’s nice to visit different cities. I don’t get to see much of the places I travel to though, which is a shame. It seems glamorous but it really isn’t. The challenge of adjusting to a new venue, a new orchestra, keeps me from getting bored, though.”
“Mycroft have you been…?” Sherlock turned to him.
“When?”
“Yes?” John asked with an eyeroll, already regretting his decision.
John. Not really. Was it the look in his eye? Something about his clothes? His smell? It had been so long since he had seen his real John to even work out what it was. He couldn’t place it; he just knew.
“None of them ever feel like home,” he moaned as he caught up.
“I can never stay,” he confesses.
John sighed. Sherlock was tying himself in knots all of a sudden. And this was not the place for this discussion. “I think we’ll be fine,” he said, finally smiling. Not acknowledging any of the other information just yet. He needed time to think.  But everything felt far more simple than he realised. Sherlock was clearly panicking about having let it slip. All this time John had felt the same and said nothing, and Sherlock had…
Sherlock turned and looked at him, genuinely surprised but didn't say anything.
“Right,” Sherlock looked at John with the best attempt at sympathy and apology he could muster under his bruises. “But the longer I was in there, the blurrier the lines became. In the beginning I knew it was just something my mind had conjured up to keep me sane, ironically. But the more pain I endured, the more delirious I became, and it felt
“John you can’t just—” Donovan shook her head, trying to decide where to begin, not knowing how to explain.
“Not straight away, obviously. But maybe something closer to home would—”
. You keep me right, John Watson. At some point I will be able to return and I’ll need the heart back -
Sherlock places his coat on the coat rack, indecisive about what he should do next. He feels bored, but it is a different kind of boredom than he is used to.
John only looked more confused, not even able to comprehend what the next question should be. His mind whirred.
John’s eyes snapped to Mycroft’s. “Excuse me?”
things,” John said frustrated. “You already read the report. You don’t need me to read it out to you. What would I know about it, anyway? I think that maybe… maybe you need more rest. We can do this another time,” John added as he started to move off the bed.
“Oh?” Sherlock stopped moving, much to Rosie’s annoyance.
“Yes, I know. I know,” John said, sitting back up. “You’re right, okay? I have some news.”
As he bursts out the doors into the empty foyer with a gasp, he rips the jacket off quickly, searching for coolness and sucking in some breaths. Tears start to well in his eyes.
“So you’re the last one then? In the network? They’re… all gone?” Sherlock asked.
“Are you embarrassed of me?” John finally bursts out.
“Understood.” Mycroft doesn’t even let him finish that thought. “Are you sure that’s what you want?”
“What?” Greg asked, curious to see what he meant, turning his head to see a slight blush rising on Mycroft’s cheeks, and he didn’t think he’d ever seen the man blush about anything, ever.
“Oh sorry, that’s… that was… cut. That’s a wrap,” the man controlling the sound says – Sherlock hasn’t bothered to learn any of their names.
“My son doesn’t need a tutor,” he stated with finality.
“… scare the life out of you. Something clearly already did that,” Mycroft commented casually, connecting the dots for John in a patronising lilt.
“You had something for me?” Greg pressed on.
“No wait, I still… I needed to say more,” Sherlock interrupts, his heart beginning to race.
“I can wait. I’ll be fine.”
As if in answer, John comes out of the bedroom and down the corridor towards him, a packed bag in hand, stopping in surprise. He had obviously hoped to disappear before Sherlock made it home.
As his body jolted upright in bed, it was of little comfort to John, that it had all been a dream. A bad dream that had woken him. A very realistic, terrifying dream. His head throbbed with the confusion as he desperately tried to look around and find his bearings.
“He was okay, John. He
The first part of the walk had been spent in a comfortable silence, neither one of them seeming to want to break the tranquillity. The crisp morning air had buzzed with potential, their silence rewarded as the forest wildlife moved about their morning routines. They had laughed together as squirrels and birds ran across their path, gathering and nattering.
Dropping to his knees, Sherlock’s mouth finds its way down his belly, following the trail of golden hair, kissing and nipping at his skin, until he can finally wrap his lips around John. For a while, then, it is just the taste of John, the weight of him on his tongue, the sounds he makes – a composition just for Sherlock, teased from him with licks and sucks and bobs of his head. Sherlock could listen to him forever, wants John’s fingers in his hair, his trembling thighs framing Sherlock’s chest.
weeks ago! Sherlock!” he yelled, before he could calm himself again.
“You better send the dailies off for checking,” Sherlock reminds him.
“I’m… John. John Watson,” he says, extending his hand.
“I had a headache for a good week afterwards that I couldn’t shift. But my brain works differently to most, so that’s not surprising. It’s nothing to feel embarrassed about, John.
John feels giddy, like he could jump with joy and he tries to remember ever having felt like this before – Christmas mornings as a kid seem to pale in comparison. He tries and succeeds, for the moment, to push away the fear that is undeniably intertwined with it. He does have questions, so many of them, but then Sherlock doesn’t seem to be too eager to answer them.
Sherlock keeps side-eyeing him as Mycroft asks him about the meeting. “How did it go?”
Monday 6:00pm
“We’re all capable, John. Make no mistake,” Sherlock replied just as quickly.
“I don’t know, Sherlock. I don’t know but we are going to find out. I’m taking you home.
daughter.” Sherlock said it coldly, but his voice cracked slightly and it broke Molly’s heart. Of course Sherlock wouldn’t know how to deal with these feelings. They had
Sherlock finishes with a magnificent high note, daring to glance over at John, just for a moment. He sees John’s face and everything stops. Sherlock’s face changes briefly, although John can’t read what it’s expressing. There is a rumble in the audience at the unexpected delay, the change in procedure, and John freezes, feeling self-conscious suddenly.
Greg returned to his notes. “Right, well he’s a courier – a runner? Right?”
“I’m sure we can open up a seat, Gilda?” he suggests to the lady, smoothly. “Give him the front row aisle seat. AA-ten?” he suggests.
John’s hands travel over his body, leaving trails of goosebumps in their wake, adding to the arousal pooling in Sherlock’s belly. His tenderness slowly turns desperation into a deeper, less frenzied longing.
. John seemed good, and seemed to care, but of course he had thought that before, and been wrong, and now John wasn’t replying to his messages. Was John trying to give him the message to go away, or was he unwell or in need of help? It was so hard to know. Sherlock prided himself on being intelligent. On being able to solve puzzles all the time. But John Watson was a much bigger puzzle than he was capable of solving it seemed. Where the heart was concerned, Sherlock had no experience, and not talent for reading the situation.
“I hardly think buying a cuppa is going to destroy the universe,” John teased.
“What…the hell happened?” He asked, confused.
“Well that went well,” he heard Mycroft say sardonically to his stubborn brother, as he passed through the doorway.
“Okay,” Sherlock replied, swallowing hard.
“And I do need to go home and relieve Molly of her duty – I’ll be lucky if she comes back after yesterday.” John was not looking forward to dealing with that conversation.
“Well, I thought we could go to the library and you could start helping me with this bloody assignment, like you promised,” John scoffed, but the look he gave Sherlock was gently pleading.
is the therapist? I mean, you might as well accuse Mary,” Sherlock laughed.
“How would I even do that?” He said back at her, resting his body on the crutches as he extended his arms out in mock confusion.
“I know. I shouldn’t have said those things. I was…” John shook his head. He had been a right arse.
“No. No of course not. Unlikely.” Greg said, but didn’t sound convincing. “What’s the time stamp on this guy?” Greg asked Molly.
Greg looked at him as well, and John realised what he had said, his face dropping suddenly at the realisation.
“What?” John stopped walking to take the news in.
“It’s okay,” Sherlock said between gritted teeth.
“Oh, no problem at all. I can speak English too,” the man says in a thick German accent, but it’s the sweetest sound to John’s ear. The relief of not needing to be fluent in German is overwhelming.
“Good, because Japan is selling better than any of our previous tours. We don’t have time to mess this around. You’re getting a… reputation, brother. In a couple of weeks, we need to be gone again.”
“Chicken or Beef?” Sherlock asks.
John feels a bit stupid, now, his fear irrational. “A surprise?”
Finally, he opens his eyes and they are all just staring at him, transfixed.
“Are you being romantic, again?” John says, half-joking.
“Looks like you, Watson,” one of the other men in the room joked, and a few of the team laughed along.
“As if getting serenaded by the world’s best violinist isn’t special enough,” John looks at the man he loves, at his long toes, at the way his suit trousers are pushed up. Further up, at the lean hips, at the tiny buttons of his shirt, at that long, gorgeous neck, at his beautiful face.
_______________________
He had got very good at covering it up. So much so that even his brother hadn’t noticed. His teachers never did either. His parents were never around, so they were blissfully unaware. Sherlock had accepted his lot in life. He was able to go to all sorts of magical places in his mind palace to pretend it wasn’t happening.
you. You were bruised and battered and a shadow of your former self, but you were more alive than I expected you to be. So, I took it to Mycroft, only to find out that indeed, the whole time… the WHOLE TIME, you had both created this clever trick and I was left to suffer. Do you have any idea what that feels like?!” John yelled.
“Hmmm,” John hummed in thought, and Greg hoped he was remaining as impartial as he had promised to be. “There!” John finally called out, finding Sherlock on a screen.
to talk about it, Mr Holmes. If you plan to get out of here,” the lawyer said hopefully, flashing his professional smile at Sherlock’s back. Greg noticed John shake his head to himself, well aware that this was not the way to win points with Sherlock.
To imagine he was here with John. And they would finally be together.
I was being a machine… on
.” He looked up suddenly. “Wasn’t it?”
“John—” There was so much Sherlock wanted to say to John. To apologise for. But he had wasted his time with John in here and not said any of it out loud. Even though he knew this wasn’t really
“Sherlock…”
“Thanks, Mike, but I can’t today. Raincheck?” John said as naturally as he could.
She looked genuinely confused at Sherlock’s words and he started to doubt his sanity. For a brief moment, he wondered if he was really going crazy.
“Sherlock, it will be fine,” he reassured him.
“Hey!” John yelled suddenly from down the corridor, coming up the walkway as fast as he could on the crutches, cursing to himself at how slow he was.
“What? No!” Sherlock replies, blind-sided by his question.
“That’s not funny,” John said, angrily. “What have you taken.”
The longer Sherlock stayed away, the more and more distant the memory of that day became. And the more John had started to doubt his own sanity. He had slipped backwards. He had stopped shaving. He had called in sick to the clinic. He hadn’t changed clothes for how many days now?
“The scholarship.” John’s face was stony, and he was looking all over Sherlock’s face for any sign of a lie.
Getting Sherlock to admit to needing help and leaving the flat would be the first step.
Lol. Thanks. I think. You should be going to class now! I’ll see you tomorrow Sherlock.
“John Watson, my parents paid for the library,” Sherlock said looking at him, “
“Yes.” John jumped up realising he was definitely
John closes the door and Sherlock lets out another huge gush of air.
“Thanks Sarah,” he said as she handed it back to him and helped him get steady.
John clears his throat, his tongue nervously wetting his lips. He needs to wet his throat, too. Everything feels dry. John steps into the kitchen.
The search brings up nothing useful – a clothing store, a brand of tea, a corporation selling insulation of some kind. Maybe he isn’t a famous violinist, after all?
go. I don’t want you to go.”
Sherlock clears his throat. “Yes John, this… is my brother, Mycroft.”
“No,” John answered quietly, guiltily. He knew he had to.
John walked closer, “you okay?”
John sits there with his eyes closed, just taking in Sherlock’s plan, a light smile on his face. It’s a lovely fantasy, one he never dared picture until now.
Greg couldn’t hide his surprise.
John tilts his head in question, looking worried, and Sherlock shakes his head slightly to brush it off, and the moment passes.
John dropped the spoon loudly into the bowl and put the tray on the bed, scooting himself off it in a tantrum reaching epic toddler proportions. “Exercise?! How can you call this an
“Sherlock…” Mrs Hudson interrupted gently from the doorway.
“Right, that’s it. Now you can take your hand away and tap a bit harder. It should stay.”
Sherlock was slightly irritated that there wasn’t more of an exciting chase on this case. He needed a case that he and John could really stretch their legs on again. Like the good old days. But this case was never going to be
John smiled back and stood up brushing off his jeans and held his hand out to give Sherlock a hand up off the ground, a feeling of happiness settling in his chest.
It’s not quiet here either, the buzzing of the insects, the faint sound of a tractor, the church bells chiming up from the village, mingling with the sounds of the cows somewhere to Sherlock’s right. He climbs for a bit, eyes fixed on the green surrounding him and the mountains above. He walks and walks and every step between him and the other humans feels freeing. As he reaches the edge of the forest, Sherlock turns to look at the valley below. The cottage looks small from here, the last before the road turns into a small hiking trail. The lake glitters in the sun, and Sherlock wonders if it is too cold to go for a swim yet – not that the lake ever gets warm at such heights.
“I assume you have all the evidence on video brother?” he asked without turning around.
“I was making tea,” John said simply. “Sit by the fire and get warm.” He took himself to the kitchen away from Sherlock. It was the hardest thing he had to do – not touching Sherlock, not hugging him, not asking questions.
Sherlock turns from his place at the table to look to the open door, ready to declare his frustration at his brother for the interruption, but there he stands: John Watson. Dripping from head to toe, suitcases dumped on either side, already creating puddles on the landing, he looks completely downtrodden.
“Well I’m talking to
“Well that’s ridiculous. I’m going to
“So we have a lead,” John began as he accepted the crystal glass of amber liquid.
“Sleep. We will leave in the morning,” the older brother says, as a way of agreeing to the arrangement, and turns to leave without making eye contact. “And we can postpone the US. dates. For just a few weeks, if that is what you need.”
“Yeah I
“She’s part of the network,” Sherlock’s voice came from down the corridor. John looked over, relieved to hear his voice.
“I do,” Mycroft cut him off stubbornly, perhaps a little too quickly. He checked for Greg’s reaction before continuing. He knew he’d pay for that later. “My people have only looked at the surface. I
.” He looked at Sherlock with such a lost look.
ever heard,” John says with a blush. “Now let me see,” he demands more forcefully and steps in closer to Sherlock’s personal space, with his hand outstretched. Sherlock seems to be surprised by the closeness and is suddenly lost for words, removing the thumb from his mouth and handing it over to John. John grabs it in his own hands and looks at it with great concentration, as Sherlock watches him with intensity in silence for a moment.
“Sorry mate, you okay? Didn’t mean to hurt you – get a bit bruised in the practice yesterday?” Mike asked casually as he sat in the chair in front of Sherlock.
"Stop making a scene and
“Of course, John, you don’t even have to ask,” Sherlock says, casting the wet shirt off him and tossing it to the floor. “Let’s get you warmed up first and we can order some Chinese from down the road for dinner later.”
Thursday 5:48pm
“I’m just—” the manager begins before shifting nervously on his feet and reasserting himself, which makes John momentarily nervous.
“Just kick me from the top stair when it’s dinner time and I’ll roll back down,” he joked.
“Ok then, well shall I…?”
“Nothing!” he shouted back.
“You have it? The report?” Sherlock asked, suddenly perking up.
“Oh?”
Sherlock had returned to staring at the girl, brow furrowed, still chewing on his thumbnail, processing John’s assessment. Obviously he was listening, even if he wasn’t giving John any response. Something in the pit of John’s stomach lurched at the sight of Sherlock standing in a crime scene and not looking confident. The last time he had seemed that way was… well, Moriarty. The days leading up to the fateful jump had been terrifying. Sherlock had been lost, confused, and had shut John out of most of it. He had promised himself he would let that all go now that Sherlock was back. He had promised not to hold a grudge. But he felt so isolated from Sherlock in this moment, an observer. An observer with no sway, no inside pull. He didn’t want to be just an observer. He needed to be more. He needed to be the person Sherlock confided in again, trusted again. He took his gloves off and, without looking to Lestrade, walked straight over to Sherlock, who was looking paler than usual and was rocking slightly on his feet. He was coming down off
“No… just…” John tried to think of something intelligent to say. “No.”
“Not as nervous as you look about tackling that plate of food,” Sherlock teases.
“Well it’s a fairly common design – the triquetra. Not necessarily in this form, but still something about it is familiar that I can’t place.”
“What? Already?” John blurted out, before he could stop himself.
“Don’t Greg, don’t say his name. Besides, he’s not here, is he? He wouldn’t care whether I lived or died.” John said quietly, but the rage under the surface was clear. Greg knew he should tread carefully but a part of him wanted to break John, to get through to him. He knew Sherlock was his only real weak spot, even in death.
“Mmmhhhmm,” Sherlock hums in response.
Yes. No not actually in bed, not like going to sleep! Just lying on the bed. Why? You want to know what I’m wearing? *wink wink*
. And he loves you. I’ve never seen him like that with anyone else.”
Listening to men in leather pants lamenting about finding love and losing it, takes the last ounce of patience from him. He wants out, wants to curl up in bed and pull the duvet over his head. He wants the smell of lavender laundry detergent, of wool and war and warmth and he wants it more than he has ever wanted to play, more than the applause, the adrenaline.
Molly had said. Even her words had a weight to them. He knew this was not going to be good.
, and hidden under the watch – which they hadn’t removed yet – there was another marking.”
You came! :)
“It’s no trouble,” Sherlock replied, clearing his throat. “Better that you keep that neck hidden for the day.” He sat back as well resting his head against the cool tiles for a moment, with his eyes shut, his head still spinning.
“We deal in preventing acts of terrorism…”
The dark slowly comes down from the mountains, crawls over rocks and trees and meadows, until it reaches the villages below. Sherlock watches, as he plays his violin, fascinated still, after so many times, by the beauty of nature. Even more so now, with the rose-tinted glasses of new love changing his perception, making the rugged edges softer, the colours of the sunset brighter.
“I uh… um…” John is suddenly flustered by the direct line of questioning and hates that he hasn’t got a good retort ready, or even a clear answer.
“God, Sherlock,
Friday 6:10pm
“How often do you lot do this?” John tried to keep the incredulity out of his voice. He could tell that he’d failed some unspoken test, and probably lost credibility with the team. The experience had thrown him more than he anticipated.
