Thermos filled with coffee – Molly is a tea drinker, only drinks coffee in the morning for the caffeine, never in the evening
“I don’t care.” Was all he said. There was a limit to his civilities. He had absolutely no interest in getting to know this man at all.
As Sally lay in bed that night she reflected over the days events. The uncomfortable feeling of residue fear had still not completely left her system and she honestly wouldn’t know what she would’ve done or what would’ve happened if Sherlock hadn’t come to her aid when he did. The detective had been surprisingly good at helping her through the worst of her panic and she had to admit, she’d felt completely safe in his arms as he’d calmed her down. Normally it’d have taken her hours to compose herself after such an intense panic attack, but Sherlock had been really comforting. They’d never been big fans of each other, but lately is seemed like things were beginning to shift in their perception of each other. It was.. Good.. And when she’d needed him he’d been there for her. At that point Sally silently swore to herself, that in the future she’d at least try to be there for Sherlock if need be.
“Where were you guys? It’s not like you to be late for a case.” He said.
WARNING! This chapter contains date rape drugs and attempted rape (NOT I repeat NOT completed rape). It is a very delicate and sensitive subject to write about and I have (luckily) no experience with date rape drugs myself or know anyone who has so this is written purely from my own imagination of how this might happen. If anyone is not comfortable with this, please stop reading as of now.
Sherlock’s heart swelled with affection at John’s words. How he’d ended up with a man as good and selfless as John Watson he’d never know. “I love you.” He whispered, not able to hold back the words.
“Damn, you sure are a fine piece of ass. What’s your name sugar?” John asked as he laid his one arm on the bar and the other resting against the woman’s seat, making her feel trapped as he leaned in closer. He licked his lips for good measure.
“Let him ride along.. Please..” Lestrade agued from below in a weak voice.
Sherlock shivered slightly in delight at the delicate behind his ear. His bespectacled eyes never leaving John’s face.
“2 ml!! Only 2 I swear!!” The man cried out, afraid of more hits coming his way.
At the mention of Sherlock John immediately jumped off the man and scrambled to get to his lover who was laying a few feet away. Lestrade immediately took over John’s place and planted his own firm knee on the attacker’s chest making him moan out further in discomfort, but not earning any mercy from the DI. Sally had arrived too and had made her way directly to Sherlock and was currently supporting the detective’s head while she tried to get in contact by calling his name out, asking if he could hear her. She immediately gave up her spot for John when the doctor came running. John cradled Sherlock’s head gently and called out himself.
“Did you know the average human eye can distinguish up to 10 million different colours?”
"Bloody he..!!" John bit his lip to stop the curse escape his lips as the deeper penetration of the cramped up muscle caused yet another weave of hot pain to rack through him.
John started walking around the room, taking notes of the surroundings. Several minutes went by when suddenly he felt a very slight chill carried by an even slighter breeze in the nape of his neck. He looked around. There was a window a few feet to the left. He walked over and felt around the frame, but the breeze had disappeared and he couldn’t detect it anywhere near the window, so he walked back to the spot he came from. Once again, he detected a very soft breeze. It was very weak so it was amazing he’d even been able to detect it to begin with. He licked his right index finger and held it in the draft’s path. He could feel the right side of his finger getting colder, indicating the direction from which the wind came from. John started moving, trying his best to follow the current. As it got slightly stronger he realized, with confusion, that he was nearing a bare wall with a intricate floral tapestry all the way to the right of the room.
Sherlock bent down, cupping the cheek and planted a soft kiss on John’s lips.
Finally John, his only salvation from this tedious experience, came back inside but with an apologizing look on his face.
“John has an old injury on his left shoulder where he was shot during his military service. The suspect landed on this injury and caused John significant discomfort. That’s all you need to know for now.” Lestrade explained shortly, seeing as he couldn’t deny his officers at least some kind of explanation. John was
Sherlock stood frozen in place while he watched with an aching heart, as John stubbornly dragged himself up into a standing position with the aid of the doorframe and leaning heavily against it. A look of shame and embarrassment now joining the mixture of emotions on the doctor’s face before he started to slowly make his way down the stairs.
Suddenly there was movement further down his body and new kind of chill shot up through his spine as felt something huge and cold reach downwards, past his now undone belt and pants to fondle him roughly through his boxers.. Though his mind felt like it was shortcircuiting and his body felt foreign and disconnected Sherlock just knew he had to get away from this onslaught or die trying.. He gathered all his strength and willpower and willed it all to fight off the abusive touches..
John’s face contorted further, clearly with the increasing effort it took to complete the last repetitions of the set. It hadn’t escaped Sherlock’s notice how impressively many repetitions John had been able to do with that much weight on the bar.
“What the hell? Did the fuse box overheat?” John asked in bewilderment.
First when he heard the worried outburst coming from the door did John register that he was no longer alone. He slowly lifted his head to see a worried Sherlock quickly discharging himself of his long coat and blue scarf and carelessly toss them to the ground before rushing to his doctor’s side.
Sherlock immediately let up the pressure of his fingers again – The state of John’s shoulder was worse than earlier episodes alike since Sherlock hadn’t been home to prevent it from worsening. Sherlock cursed himself silently for not having made in home sooner. Clearly he would have to be much gentler in his approach than usually and work out the muscles little by little. No doubt it would take a long time, but Sherlock couldn’t care less, all that mattered was to ease John’s pain as fast and effectively as possible!
John glanced over at Sherlock who was deep in conversation with Lestrade. Sherlock had been tipped off from his homeless network, that Singer had been spotted hanging around the abandoned theatre, treating it as his temporary base. An easy location to hide himself and his car. The entire division, along with John and Sherlock, had stormed the place, hoping to apprehend the man. Unfortunately the place was completely empty and all they managed were to scare a few doves. Now the detective and DI were brainstorming, trying to come up with a new course of action.
“Sherlock, I’m heading to the gym. I’ll be back in a couple of hours.” John called through the apartment of 221B as he tossed a towel and a pair of sneakers into his old military duffel bag.
“What about that cute brunette at the bar? You should go chat her up, offer her a new drink.” John suggested with a sly smirk.
“Are you sure you’re alright love? You look flustered, do you feel sick?” John asked, his doctor mode taking over when he noticed the way his lover’s fair skin looked red and heated, maybe he had a fever. That might also explain the odd behaviour.
“Oh yeah baby, you smell so delicious and I bet that plump ass of yours is just as delicious as the rest of you. I can hardly wait.”
Charlie was back in bed at home. Mrs. Hadley had fallen asleep next to him in his bed, reluctant to let go of him after the scare he’d given them that night. She had her arm draped protectively across his body on top of his covers. Up until now he’d never have allowed for such acts of kindness, but he right now he didn’t mind. He realized now he’d spent so many years in his past to protect himself from disappointment and hurt, that he’d never let anyone too close to his heart. But Mr. and Mrs. Hadley had treated him differently from the first day he’d been placed into their care. They were patient and loving, even when he’d lashed out. They’d been able to see past his exterior shell, even when he’d refused to acknowledge their act of love and kindness as genuine. Now that Sherlock had opened his eyes he could finally be honest with himself and accept what he’d refused to believe for so long. That he was worthy of love and the Hadleys, mom and dad he should probably get used to caaling them (he smiled at the thought), wanted him to be their legally son! For the first time in his life that he could remember he felt warm and loved and if it hadn’t been for Sherlock Holmes, this night would  have ended much differently and he’d never stop being grateful to the detective for saving his life to return home to his familily.
Sherlock couldn't help smiling a little sad smile. This was so typical John, believing he was weak when it actually it the exact opposite.
“Well, this calls for another round.” He grinned and left to put action into his words.
“Easy there! Wouldn’t want to mess up that pretty face of yours love. I promise if you behave, I’ll make it good for you as well.” The man growled.
With his mind made up, Sherlock dove for his coat and scarf before practically leaping down the stairs two steps at the time, his mind already buzzing with thoughts and deductions on where John most likely would have headed. He had barely made it out the door before he collided straight into a hard chest, followed by a sharp “Oi!” from the other man. Sherlock stumbled slightly at the impact, but managed to catch his balance before landing on the pavement. For a brief second his heart leapt with hope that it might have been John who had returned home to him, but unfortunately his brain quickly caught up. The position of the chest where the two men had bumped into each other clearly showed that this man was several inches taller than John. Plus the voice of the other was much more rough-edged, not at all like the warm, shooting tones belonging to his doctor.
“Hey easy mate, no worries. We’ll just grab a cup of coffee while we wait.” John said reassuringly.
“What is your friend’s name?”
Anderson couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt this happy. Sofia seemed genuinely interested in him. When he talked about his job ‘Oh a forensic how exciting! Tell me more.’, his hobbies ‘That’s really fascinating, maybe you could show me your collection some day?’, his travels ‘I’ve always wanted to see Venice, it sounds wonderful.’. As he sat and listened to Sofia’s story about her own trip to Barcelona he caught a quick glimpse of John at the other end of the bar. John flashed him a thumb up and lifted his new beer in salute. Anderson returned with a quick smile before returning his full attention to this beautiful and intriguing woman in front of him. All thoughts of his heartbreak over Sally were already fading. Part of him felt like he didn’t deserve a friend such as John Watson, especially since he’d never treated him or Sherlock as he should have. His bitterness and low self-esteem had made it hard for him to make connections to other people. But right now, he had a blooming sense of hope, that Sofia might be the one to change all that and he owed it all to John Watson.
A minute later Mrs. Hudson came back up with Lestrade and Molly following right behind her, both offering a small smile and weave in greeting as they entered.
“Suspraspinatus and.. in the center of infraspinatus…” John hissed, using the correct medical terms of the muscles that pained him the most, being more accurate that way than if just telling Sherlock ‘up high’ or ‘down low’, knowing that his boyfriend knew the areas he was referring to.
John would have none of that and ripped the phone out of Sherlock’s hands, successfully gaining the attention, as well as a sound of protest from the detective, once again.
Hey everyone, here's another chapter! Hope you'll all enjoy it :) As you might be able to tell from my writing, English isn’t my first language and I’m really awful at spotting my own spelling as well as grammar mistakes D: That’s why I would like a proofreader for my Sherlock stories. Anyone who would be interested or know where I might find someone who is? Help would be greatly appreciated – Thank you! :)
When he walked back through lab doors Molly was already pulling out the slides to be tested. She looked up with a face of gratitude as Sherlock poured them both a cup of coffee.
Even in his current state John somehow sill succeeded in sending his lover a soft smile. “It’s okay really Sherlock. Please, a few moments alone? I need to try and reset my focus away from the pain, but I can’t if you stay.” John said almost apologetically.
“Urghhh!!” Exclaimed in frustration as he threw his head back dramatically and rolled his eyes in disbelief, dropping his phone on the bar as before turning back to the man with a glare in place.
“Do you guys want a lift home? It’s the least I can do after all your help.” Lestrade asked.
John quickly tried to slam the door shut again. Sherlock couldn't see him like this! He was so damn weak and pathetic and Sherlock had already made it quite clear how many shortcomings and flaws he was already in possession of. The last thing he needed right now was giving the detective more ammunition to rip the rest of him apart. But before John could fully close the door Sherlock was already been prepared and shoved his foot in-between the frame and door, ignoring the pain traveling up his leg as John desperately tried to push it closed anyway.
“It almost doesn’t make sense.”
“Call me John please, and your first name is…”
Sherlock and John hustled through the terminal. Heathrow airport was always so busy. Deducing wise, Sherlock was in his element. On entering the terminal they stopped off at Starbucks to get some breakfast (it was far too early in the morning) and as they sat John would point out people and Sherlock would deduce anything he could. There was a nervous looking priest who was apparently cheating on his wife, with his third mistress, there was a nanny who was so terrible at her job that she had apparently lost three sets of children, on different occasions, there was a crack dealer, and far too many crack addicts, much to the doctors concern. There was a lawyer who was dying from most likely an inoperable tumor, there was a nun who had a black belt in karate, there was a millionaire with a cheap watch who wore it for sentimental reasons, most likely an heirloom, there were several wanted men on the run, there was a mother who was planning to murder her husband and there was most noticeably, a smuggler.
The body of Eleanor Scott is wheeled out by Molly Hooper, and John and Sherlock attempt to find something to a very obscure cause of death.
John still felt like this wasn’t his home and he asked almost shyly where his room was, when Sherlock mumbled that it was back up the stairwell to the one room allocated at the top of the house John nodded before practically retreating to the privacy of what had become his bedroom.
Unsure but hard at first, out of sync, sudden, John was shocked. Soon though he ceased to fight it and let it happen, all his worries and fears washed away in an instant. They left his mind, his spirit, somewhere, fucking who cares where, everything and nothing mattered, he could feel this man who he had not known for long, yet knew all about, care. Really care. Sherlock wanted, no needed him. John felt the most adored he’d ever felt it was invigorating. Then there was a bang.
?" Sherlock expressed his confusion, "John I just told you, we are on a boat to France," John shuffled uncomfortably, feeling vulnerable that he was not being understood, Sherlock saw it and tried to rectify the situation, "John I thought you'd had a marginally good day, what's changed that? If you are tired you can sleep in the car and I will drive the rest of the way." John still stared at his feet and began hesitantly.
Immediately John took the bait, “who did?”
“How did Eleanor die Henry?” The shock was evident. This is most definitely not what Henry had suspected. Out of fear he glanced at the lawyer and colleague he had brought in, but to no avail, Sherlock didn’t miss a beat, he gave him no time to recollect or consider any options, “how did your sister die Henry?” Henry shook his head, “this isn’t proper.” John sat back, comfortable and his role was now clear, “just answer the question mister Scott, he doesn’t bite.” Sherlock liked John’s words. Looking down at the table Henry gave a sigh, rubbed his face then made eye contact with the detective, “we were told that it was of heart failure.” Sherlock again, did not miss a beat, “who is ‘we’?” Hands were spread across the table and Henry looked down at his cuticles, “my wife and I.” Sherlock nodded to John and John knew exactly what to do, they had talked about this and they were ready.
The two men together, pacing as they did was the living opposite of such a metaphor. They were drinking in everything constantly, digesting in their minds in a whir of spirit and need. Eleanor Scott, Eleanor Scott, Eleanor Scott. They must have passed one another a thousand times before a voice finally made it’s sound. It was Sherlock’s baritone that broke the only noise of the feet tapping and crossing and tapping and crossing. Four heels breaking the step, then the twenty toes thrumming against the floor in a well planned and executed pace as if they were waves finally lapping up against a shore. Sherlock’s voice only prevented the waves from receding back into the mass that was the unchartered and the unknown.
Therapist
John’s jaw had dropped the entire time, and whilst Sherlock’s hands moved continuously to match the flow of his words, John could look nowhere but his eyes. They had come alive once more; so different from when he first walked in.
Looking him straight in the eye with an assurance that both of them knew could not honestly be given, “Sherlock we will get home. We will be back in 221b, we will get you fixed up and we will solve this case. These men who have done this to you, I will not stop until they are put behind bars. We must hurry, and the pain you feel now, it will not be forever, it’s only three hours Sherlock and then we are safe.”
“Is that why you think I went to war Sherlock?”
The room was very dark, almost pitch black but six eyes soon adjusted. The room was small, and the men had to stand within each other’s personal space, something that may have been a nuisance in other circumstances. However the individual gazes focused on only one wall in particular. This wall almost entirety consisted of a window. A one-sided window of which the other side was a mirror. Another disguise, brilliantly designed so that when the suspect was looking at you, with full knowledge that someone lay beyond the glass, they were forced to look at themselves. An introspective, self-conscious inducing target making anyone weaker than if they were being questioned anywhere else. “The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown” was the quote that sprang to Sherlock’s mind, Author H.P Lovecraft. The genius of it made Sherlock smirk. How fitting.
“Speak for yourself, husband.”
Sherlock got up off his chair and went to walk out the door, on which Anderson appeared at the door. They stood face-to-face, almost eye-to-eye and both said at as a form of hello a sly “Sherlock.”
“The man you have just proceeded to torture, for god knows how long, is not only a dear friend of mine, he is also a man of huge influence.”
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock called.
“Easy,” John said again. “Come on, Sherlock. What are you doing?”
Stepping out she noticed movement out of the corner of her eye and turned to confront it, only to see Kate rising from a stool to the side with a fluffy towel.
Donovan glanced at him. “Oh Sherlock Holmes might be uptight but everyone knows that if not for his big brother’s cover ups, he’d likely have been in trouble with all the drugs.”
“That’s so sweet!” she said.
“Oh no…you’re…” She stared at him in horror, glancing back at me with such obvious concern. “Oh my god.”
“And what do I have to do for it?” John said, gritting his teeth.
He slammed the door for good measure, even though he was angrier with Mycroft, and Irene Adler, and himself than either John or Mrs. Hudson.
Greg shrugged. “If he won’t accept Watson then there’s nothing left to do. Moriarty will get her and I’ll just have to sit and watch.”
“Cindi I’m so sorry, I only broke up with Sarah a few months ago. I’m probably just not in the habit…I swear if you give me another chance I won’t disappoint you again. I didn’t mean to I—”
“No! That wasn’t ... I – I didn’t ...” Molly stammered, looking horrified.
The rest of the night was a blur. Sherlock trying to explain while I remained unable to keep my cool. I was so furious with him, I could barely process his words, and I didn’t really care to. Whatever explanations he had were pointless. I didn’t want elaborate plans and secrets of how he’d faked his death, I wanted to know why he couldn’t be bothered to tell me he’d been gone, why he’d left
“Just a—Sherlock are you mad? Seriously! I’m
“I…was relieved when I escaped from that fire…I might have…what I’m trying to say is…”
“I was curious to see this plan A John.”
Sand between our toes
“Oh yes right, that, well I have established some deductions about you that let me see that escaping would be a more than likely option for yourself.”
ermahgerd
...................................... xD .......................................
Sherlock rested his elbow on the armrest and looked out the window, what if he never saw Redbeard again. It was a thought that would not leave his brain the entire trip.
They gave a shy smile to one another before commencing their analysis.
SO FEELSY> I am so sorry.
--------------------------------------------
“Yes John, he was in property, a swindler just like his daughter then. Call him.”
"Yes John?"
“Off record?” Sherlock nodded. “I think your brother, whilst an important man, he is a giant dickhead.”
(See the end of the chapter for
How unfair a way
“Sherlock, I believe I shall order us some lunch from the kitchens to be brought here, usually we are meant to go down to the dining area to socialize with like minded rehab people, but I think you couldn’t think of much worse. Am I right?”
“I’m a soldier man, do you think I am not used to nakedness? I have had weirder patients than you, if you had to do therapy naked I would let you, anything that gets you to the chair I don’t give a flying fuck. Come on Detective Holmes, get to the chair, naked or not, your choice.” John left the room at that point and Sherlock struggled to put on a dressing gown before following after John to his office.
“Is everything okay? Was there something wrong with your stay?”
THEre's no point in running
The mouthed awkwardness made them all politely laugh.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Now the doctor and the detective walked side by side, about a meter away from the door Sherlock pulled John back to face him. He hesitated slightly for in his apparent boldness he realised that he hadn’t actually thought through what he was going to say. “John, I just, erm, I simply wanted to say that I am glad you, well I am pleased that you, or rather I am happy to be in your company.”
“No, no not really. Well yes she’s beautiful but I personally would never approach her.”
Sherlock began to stand and when John did the same, torch still in hand, he asked rather alarmed, "how the hell did you know that it was a stabbing?!" Sherlock removed his gloves, tossed them on the sand to be momentarily collected before doing up his own coat button and then pocketing the chain he'd inspected earlier. "Eliminate all other factors, and the one which remains must be the truth." Whilst very poetic, John was not satisfied, he forcefully ripped off his own gloves, threw them down and spat "Sherlock I want to know how." Sherlock gave a weak smile, now he really was starting to feel over tired, adrenaline starting to wain, he spoke calmly, "I went through improbable and probable options, it made sense is all, it is the only one that fitted." John was angry at his own feeling of stupidity but he he took the anger out towards Sherlock, "that's not good enough, I don't understand how you, how you do that, how you just see it!" Sherlock put his left hand through his curls feeling potentially a bit uncomfortable, "John, I don't understand how you can look at the sea and be so emotionally affected when I feel nothing at all."
Both were endeavoring to create in this case. They were heading to the police station they have frequented previously, albeit briefly. In between the borrowed tent and the dock they stopped off mainly to get keys, however there was an offering of leaving their possessions. The station was now closed and their bags sat outside by the door. Sherlock was irritated and voiced so, “how can they not still be here?! This is the most invigorating thing to hit this place! How can people be so dull John, How?!” To be honest John agreed with him however he was too exhausted so as they both lent down to grab their bags he just added an “I don’t know.” Now that the first job of collecting their own shit was done, they needed to find a place to sleep. “Sherlock where are we going to go for the night?” Sherlock had already begun walking in a certain direction before John asked the question. “The Langbury.” John felt himself getting agitated; he just attempted to reassure himself he just needed sleep, “the what?” Sherlock turned his head to face John but continued to walk forward, “it is a hotel up the hill, detective Chalmers booked us in, did I not tell you?” John made a scoffing sound and dragged his heels for a second, signs of irritation even Sherlock did not pick up on, and then said, “no, you didn’t.” So the pair walked in perpetual silence side by side, Sherlock thinking, John merely concentrating on placing one foot in front of the other with bed in mind.
John and Sherlock paced together in the 221b living room. Passing one another in a perpetual crossing as if two swings were to fling in alternate juxtaposition right next to one another. They looked like a Newton’s cradle. One metal ball bouncing onto another and the other at the opposite end taking it’s exact soar to then reconnect with it’s scientifically still partner. Constantly soaring and then hitting, soaring and hitting, soaring. Hitting. Soaring. The cycle was endless and one. What set off this walking cradle / swing set was the case of Miss Eleanor Scott. Smuggler, Bee Keeper, Gambler and altogether mystery.  Their mugs sat side-by-side on the kitchen table, one empty, and its twin full and now consequently cold with a skin over the top that would prove ugly to clean later on. It was a mug John would hold onto for a very long time as it bared a stain all the way around its rim, the same brown of the tea, lightened by time gone by and the failed attempts to remove its permanence, and it never ceased to remind him of their first case together.
“We haven’t even be on a case yet John and you already see me as a hero. You have so much to learn John. Someone once told me John that I am on the side of the angels. But I am no angel John, and I can tell you that you are the better man out of the two. On the simplest level to begin with, you are ex-military turned altruistic doctor. You have fought for your country and yet on return you refuse to lie down, despite an injury may I add, you endeavor to help those who made bad choices, non-judgmental and beneficial. Yet I am a high-functioning sociopath who solves crimes not out of generosity, but out of a sheer selfish need. You are the doctor, I am the addict. Thus making you naturally the better man.” Sherlock sat back in his chair and for the first time in their meeting, John was speechless.
“What do you think of my brother?”
getting us on our toes am I...
Sherlock returns from his final surgery, and Sherlock makes a suggestion to John too painful to hear.
Love you all x
The two men stood facing each other unmoving throughout all of John’s words, and Sherlock could feel his heart in his mouth, this is all he had ever wanted.
Sherlock meanwhile was understandably completely undeterred by the whole thing. He started off by assessing her fingernails, all ten of them. John just watched whilst Sherlock had his face about an inch away from her cold form. Sherlock then scanned up her arms and to her face, remaining very close to her body, almost as if he was going to kiss her on the cheek. He looked in her mouth and lifted her lids so that he could see the entire eyeball. Lastly he checked her entire scalp, almost as if hair-by-hair. He stood up straight and crossed his arms, careful not to let the gloves touch any of his clothing.
Molly ushered John and Sherlock to one of the metal encasements labeled ‘number 23.’
“Now John, you’re going to meet an associate of mine, Molly Hooper, she works with cadavers. She is simple and is completely besotted with me, hence simple. The fact that she has affection for me however, proves very effective in time sensitive matters such as what we find ourselves in now.”
John smiled on seeing Sherlock enter, “Ah Sherlock, I see you have gone sockless, very good choice. Quite freeing wouldn’t you say?”
John placed an index finger to his lips in a motion to make Sherlock quiet, he was joking of course, imitating a stone age stalker about to catch his dinner, Sherlock scoffed and continued to laugh, this was the most ridiculous he'd felt in years. "Sherlock shh! It's going to know we are here! Shh! This is very serious business!" The laughter continued, consistent and joyful. If someone stumbled across such a scene, two grown men looking for crabs, you'd never guess a body had washed up only just over a day ago a mere hundred yards down the beach. Tent or no tent. John leant down and indicated towards a pretty hefty stone that clearly hadn't been moved in an age. John placed two palms upon it before mouthing a comic 'one, two, three' to Sherlock before impressively rolling the stone to one side without any apparent effort. Sherlock watched the mud disperse in genuine fascination before it slowly began to settle as if untouched. Nothing. Not a thing moved. John shrugged and said, "when in doubt, turn over another stone." Sherlock giggled and said "John I think you just combined three sayings." John said, "well it still applies." Sherlock had to confess, this was fun. John waddled, careful not to slip, to another stone, smaller in size but closer to the seaweed layered edge. As he leant down he said, "I have a good feeling about this one, this is it! Get in here." Sherlock immediately did as he was told, except before stepping into the water he removed his coat and folded it neatly before placing it on the sand, he then with a flamboyant grace bent down and rolled up his trousers to ensure they wouldn't meet the same fate as John's jeans. John rolled his eyes but didn't complain. Sherlock waded in, gladly accepting it was warmer than he'd expected. John had to stop himself from laughing as he got closer. Such a deer like creature as Sherlock was, all limbs always covered in the finest of wear, yet some how John had got him crabbing. Fucking crabbing. Ankle deep in salt water looking for a crab for absolutely no purpose at all other than a childhood desire for entertainment. John liked his flat mate more and more. As they met close in the rock pool John asked "ready?" and on Sherlock nodding, John leant down and shifted the stone with ease, on resting against the edge it made a pleasant crack sound which reverberated against the shallow walls only geology could explain. Sherlock saw it, a blood orange crab an impressive two inches wide. It was using its claws in an attempt to dig itself under smaller stones, but Sherlock saw it. Without any fear he put his hands to it. He grabbed it by one leg and watched it flail mid air. John said an alarmed, "no not like that!" John placed his right thumb and its connected index finger apart and held the flailing crab from the air into a still position between his fingers. It was level and held its claws in the air ready for a fight. Clicking them together in a show of battle. Sherlock and John beamed, ogling at the defenceless creature of which they'd do no harm. On closer inspection it had only one eye, most likely lost in a fight not dissimilar to this but hopefully against its own kind. It also only had seven legs instead of eight and Sherlock envisioned it being carried off by some gull, but this veteran probably would cut off its own leg and happily fall from a great height before being taken by such a simple bird. It had a small limpet on its shell and John concluded that this crab had had one hell of a life so far. "What shall we name it?" he asked the happy detective. Without any hesitation Sherlock said in a comic tone, "Mycroft." John gave a belly laugh, which Sherlock replicated. Once the snicker was quiet, John said, "here put your hand out." Sherlock gave a confused look, it wasn't huge but it had some mean pincers. "Come on, trust me Holmes." So Sherlock flattened out his right palm at pectoral height, John placed the crab upon his palm, still ready for a fight. However, as it touched Sherlock's salty palm is tightened itself up and pretended to play dead. Sherlock let out an understanding "ah" and John nodded in contentment. It was bundled in tight into itself, and the pretending dead reminded Sherlock of a series of cases from a different life. A life pre-John. Seems impossible now. Sherlock copied John's tactic and picked it up by its shell using his thumb and finger. It still remained playing dead, fooling no one but itself. It was only once Sherlock had leant down and placed it into the water that it 'miraculously' came to life once more. It sank like a leaf would have fallen from a tree. From side to side until in reached the bottom, hitting the stones like a fellow pebble itself, it then stretched itself out full form and scurried away hurriedly until it vanished beneath the green curtain of seaweed that hid it from the world, and the two men who had just freed it.
If only she could convince Sherlock that everything he wanted was right in front of him. How someone as confident seeming as Sherlock Holmes hadn’t already declared his feelings to John Watson was beyond her. But she supposed everyone had their insecurities every now and then.
One of his hands moved from Sherlock’s chest down to his trousers.
“Now, if you’re done bothering me with meaningless triviliaties, perhaps you’d like me to solve this case.”
Watson seemed to get the hint and walked off. Sherlock sighed and turned on the car, pausing as he heard loud pop music from behind. Sure enough, a car had pulled up behind him, and was parked there. Sherlock’s hands tightened on the steering wheel as he watched Moriarty climb out of the driver’s seat, music still playing.
“And you,” he said sternly. “You will be reminded that I expect you to still maintain some decency. If you are arrested, impregnated, or the cause of any harmful behavior which will have serious consequences in your future years…you can expect full well that there will be further implications at home. Am I understood?”
“I said excuse me,” Sherlock muttered and continued back to his room.
“I don’t know how I thought you’d be wrong,” Kate said with a sigh. “You’re never wrong.”
He watched Sherlock’s eyes scan over his face, then his usually stony expression morph into an unexpected smile.
But of course he wouldn’t. John had been like any other boy growing up, was like any other man now. He had dealt with his share of arousal and masturbation and intercourse and pornography and girlfriends and all the other nonsense people put themselves through in an effort to lessen their sexual frustrations. To him such things were perfectly normal.
Moriarty had been scanning the schoolyard for a while. Though he hated to admit it, there was a certain curly head he was looking for. And to his disappointment, it wasn’t anywhere in sight. Perhaps the oh so famous Sherlock had been given a detention for his outburst in class then. Well, at least there was something.
Her smile dropped and she frowned.
Irene smiled. “Maybe. It depends.”
John wanted to groan. Why did Sherlock need to be so utterly insufferable? As though it wasn’t enough that John was constantly fantasizing about him, he had to make things uncomfortable with his girlfriends too.
Of course, John came out of his thoughts to find Sherlock continuing his deductions, moving on from commenting on Molly’s present to making remarks about her appearance.
Molly noticed there was something off about Sherlock the moment he walked in through the door. Well, not to say she hadn’t seen plenty of hostility from him in the past, but she could see the tension in his shoulders. The way he carried himself tighter than normal, not the usual grace his dancer’s body required.
Lestrade flushed and ran a hand through his hair. “Er…well…it couldn’t hurt, right?”
, he thought. It was all in hand. He had his cards ready to play.
He leaned in closer to John, admiring the familiar smells of John’s aftershave, deodorant, shampoo, but also the muskier scent that was purely his. The smell of John. He breathed it in for just a moment, well aware that John would grow impatient if he took too long. But this was his chance. A moment he could enjoy being close to this man he’d come to feel attracted to…
“What’s the matter, John? Are you ill?”
John swallowed and willed himself to speak calmly. "Ages. I think I've had them all along, but that kiss…it opened my eyes. Made me more willing to see it."
“No, I mean I think you’re going to find her dead,” Sherlock said.
“You’re not, you might have a concussion,” John said. “Come on.”
John was trying to focus on eating. But it was hard. Especially with the Holmes brothers arguing over top of him.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock muttered again.
Sherlock snapped out of his reverie, suddenly becoming aware of Irene sitting there and staring at him, eyes glittering in the low light.
“Well, how about I seduce the wife and you seduce the husband?” Irene giggled. “And we can have a nice little foursome affair together.”
He was perplexed by that. All he’d heard from her before was complaints. This was new. Perhaps she had picked up on some of the Christmas spirit or something. Or maybe she’d been drinking as much as he had. He hadn’t been watching her closely enough to tell.
So, it was going to be like this. Giving Moriarty everything he wanted or watching Kate die. There was no middle ground.
“Know more than you think actually,” he said. “‘I’m not stupid you know,” he muttered under his breath.
Sherlock grimaced at the mess on his torso and lower body. He’d have to clean up later, but for now he wanted to get John settled. He wrapped an arm around the shorter man’s torso and walked him to the door and then out into the sitting room, helping him onto the sofa. John already looked ready to fall asleep. Sherlock watched him for a moment. Was he going to pass out? Maybe he should stay with him, make sure he was all right?
Sherlock gritted his teeth as he looked over at John for the hundredth time. How could the man be so oblivious? It seemed quite obvious to him that Shannon was using John in some respect. He wasn’t quite sure how exactly, but he had a bad feeling about her. He knew that his deductions should spring from actual evidence, but with Shannon it didn’t matter. She was absolutely repulsive and he couldn’t believe more than a month had gone by since they’d first met her. Shouldn’t John be right on schedule to be finding a new girlfriend by now?
“No, not if he’s keeping a dildo with it,” Molly muttered.
“Mmm…the kind where I tell you where I give access to my photographs if you give me access to…information…quell my curiosity about the two of you if you will.”
Irene felt that familiar heat curling in her belly.
“Wasn’t planning on it,” John muttered, sure his face was going to permanently red by the time he left. Could anything be more mortifying?
So, what did the evidence tell him? What could he deduce from the little he’d known? Had the drugging been for her own amusement? Had it been to prove a point? Had it been an attempt to seduce him? That seemed a bit low for someone as intelligent as Ms. Adler, but he wouldn’t put it past her. She was good at getting what she wanted. Quite good in fact.
“All clear,” she said, motioning him into the room.
But of course, his detective skills were a bit lacking. And besides, every question he tried to ask Sherlock simply ignored. At least that was normal.
“I still maintain that he is clearly having delusions. Likely drug induced or perhaps just the usual case of schizophrenia,” Sherlock muttered. “My deductions were not the root cause.”
He found his mind wandering even as he continued to stare. John…the mere thought of him. It sent him into some place where he was incapable of reason. He almost smiled but had to stop when he noticed Molly staring at him,
I’d asked him to stop being dead. That first miracle was all I’d really hoped for. I never expected a second in somehow managing to have him love me in return.
He faked a yawn, smirking as he noted the way her jaw tightened.
He laid down on the bed and unbuttoned his trousers. His body didn’t seem the least bit interested. Recalling the spark of heat the day before, it seemed obvious to him that the effects had to have been caused by a drug, not normal bodily reactions at all. Nonetheless, he should continue.
No, something wasn’t right. Something wasn’t fitting. Before she could say another word he was standing.
He pushed his way over to where she was.
John nodded.
He pulled away minimally to stare down at me.
and old lang syne?
Sherlock sighed, steepling his fingers under his chin, wondering how long he could go in silence before John would become upset.
He thought his heart might have stopped. Those words, so simple, yet so lovely. So full of meaning. He stared into those stormy blue gray eyes and was unable to keep a smile from his face.
“Merry Christmas, Molly Hooper.”
Sherlock looked him over again. He had a difficult time making deductions, eyes catching on Watson’s chest, the way his biceps looked beneath the sleeves of his t-shirt.
“I was,” Sherlock muttered. He pulled the phone back out and gazed down at Irene’s text.
“So,” she said after a moment. “Here’s your basic breakdown. Over there, the typical social elite. Don’t even bother talking to them unless they address you directly.”
“So, no one could have come in or out. We’ve already determined after the deadbolt was set there was no way a criminal could have broken in without leaving signs either through windows or the door. As Lestrade has suggested, a man could have waited inside, but that’s highly unlikely. You know, it’s funny because most people are well aware that robbing a house with a dog is a big risk. Yours in fact sleeps on the sofa based on the amount of fur accumulated there. Right in front of the door. No one would have been able to get in and out easily.”
It was a text that John would not see until he awoke early the next morning. He was pleased that they had taken the correct trail and that the drive had apparently been worth it. He had no bloody clue what the quote Sherlock had added to the image was though. It was too much his still asleep brain could take. He showered and excitedly headed down to breakfast. Sherlock was sat at a table with the Cleopatra sitting right outside the window. As John sat Sherlock merely pointed to it without looking up from his phone, John said "yeah, yeah I see it, so what now?" As Sherlock went to open his mouth a waiter arrived, they both impatiently ordered coffee and a croissant. He was gone in an instant and Sherlock began, "well the boat is here, we need to get on it somehow, created aliases or something to get on board, scout for any evidence and then judging by whatever is next, I still think Paris, but the boat may provide us with the next step as you say." Sherlock gave a smile; he was enjoying this. John still needed to wake up, so when the coffee arrived he was pleased for its presence. With bitter taste now on his tongue, John responded. “Right so, who do we pretend to be?” John placed his coffee back upon the table and rubbed his eyes with adjoining palms. “Police, obviously.” John slammed his hands on the white cloth and nearly knocked Sherlock’s coffee right out of his hands. “Sherlock! That’s a criminal offence! We could get up to…” Sherlock interrupted, “twelve months in prison, yes I know, but we don’t pretend to be French police, we are British police investigating, and that’s only a bend of a lie anyhow, honestly John, you and your morals.” John sat back now, smirk upon his lips. What a ridiculous man Holmes was. “At least having morals shows conscientiousness,” Sherlock made a mocking ‘ooo’ sound and pursed his lips, “big word for such an early time of the day John, I applaud you.” John giggled, now their croissants arrived, they were almond and tasted, as one would imagine if gold was made edible and sweet. When plates were collected and coffee refilled, John said a “merci” and Sherlock only hummed. “Do you have police documentation to prove us legitimate?” Sherlock beamed and leaned forward in his chair, “good John you’re getting in the spirit, of course I do,” Sherlock flashed two police ID cards, as this moment in time, with Lestrades face and details, before John could protest Sherlock answered, “I pick pocket him when he’s annoying.”
Mary kept her face calm and she yawned for affect. “John, honestly you have just got your friend back from the dead, be guilty for once. Go out with your friend.”
Sherlock ignored John’s exclamation. “Educated backs up the fact that they may be in some powerful position, rewards also usually come from upper-class, middle if we’re lucky. So they are influential and rich. Potentially a politician who’s been hiding the fact they have a secret failure of a sister. Maybe a clergyman who has a daughter who left the church in a crime obsessed rage. Maybe a well-known actor with a bastard daughter that his wife doesn’t know about. Or maybe just a friend wanting to see justice for their murdered lover. Who knows!”
This reunion with Lestrade was not what he had planned. His intentions were to meet with him in private, something that Sherlock couldn’t consider with his excitement to see John again. He wanted to surprise and impress his only friend. He believed that John would be only joyful. Maybe Sherlock wasn’t human after all. Why could he not just be more like a gold fish? John had him believe that he had the potential, if not had become empathetic. It seems in the mutiny of loneliness he had lost it all. All that John had pieced together and shaped of him. Lost with that jump from St. Barts.
“Some women have messy handwriting too.”
“Well, I would say that the scars on your arms tell me that you have in the least been methodical and almost clinical in which veins you have used, the repetitive scars are usually the worst, whereas you have many marks but they are all small and unnoticeable at a brief glance informing me that you have been trying to hide your drug use, either to your brother or the police or whomever. Doesn’t matter. The fact that you’ve been avoiding discovery tells me that you are aware that drugs are only a temporary part of your life otherwise you’d let the scars be worse than they are for accepting that drugs will damage your skin anyway so why bother maintaining there current state. This is a good first step, and by what you’re saying about your drug use being for your mind just means that we need to find more for you to do in those limbo points between cases. That sounds fair?”
John thought for a second before answering, “I imagine in life she would have been someone who would definitely turn heads.”
They collected their bags from the oval shaped bag collection point and sauntered thorough the unfamiliar faces and environment with an unbelievable confidence. Maybe it was the remaining pangs of alcohol, but the confidence that surged through John was something he had never felt before. They entered the departures lounge looking as if they would fit in a James Bond film, and proceeded to look for a sign with their names on it. There was a Chinese man in a very suave suit and white ray ban sunglasses bearing an Ipad saying “Watson & Holmes.” They shook the mans’ hand and followed him to the Mercedes SLK limozine.
“I do believe we are playing chess Dr. Watson.” Even though Sherlock said it like nothing had occurred, on the inside he felt ecstatic, John was the one, the only one he had ever met who he knew would definitively enjoy his cases. No longer would he have to do everything on his own, someone to discuss it all with, finally someone that could just keep up!! If Sherlock played his cards right, this could be the beginning of something life changing.
“Well, no, it’s an inherent need, I need cases more than I need food and water, and my brain needs something to focus on. If it doesn’t it crumbles and leads me to drugs. It always has, I need a stimulant continuously, and for example if we didn’t have this conversation in the present I’d be doing anything, an experiment most likely, just waiting for the next case. If the gap between cases gets too long, I need drugs just to pass the time eventually. So to answer your question, no I would solve puzzles even if I wasn’t needed making any positive emotion about being needed irrelevant. This can further be proven by the fact that most of the London metropolitan hate having me around, hence why the cases need me more than any emotion around want towards me is there or not.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"This" was the only reply.
Sherlock took it and began flicking through before replying, “even if it wasn’t people rarely change their numbers. Too much fuss apparently. Aha!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“God you’re cruel. Fuck you.”
"Hello Raj," Sherlock spoke confidently, "say hello John."
HERE WE, HERE WE FUCKING GO *beat drops*
The driver didn’t bother turning road but looked in his rear view mirror whilst asking, “Where are you two lovebirds going then?”
By the time they reached the end of the street Mary closed the door and tried to busy herself until she was exhausted enough to sleep.
They spent their days together, and even some nights, the nights that Sherlock was finding drug withdrawal particularly difficult, but during their days they would chat and do a bit of Sherlock's paperwork as fast as possible. They'd talk about everything, from the unimportant to the dark things. Sherlock’s worst case, John’s worst army experience, Childhood memories and what John was to expect in joining Sherlock on cases. On the eleventh day it was as if John and Sherlock had run out of things to discuss, so they sat and read. Mostly in silence but sometimes they’d read certain passages to each other which would lead to brief discussions, but mostly the silence was something they both thoroughly enjoyed.
They don’t understand how that has affected you, or they may not even be able to remotely empathize. Once John took himself out of his trance with his bad thoughts he felt himself panic. He began to over breathe and his blood turned from acid to alkaline. His eyes welled up and he felt the back of his throat tighten and it became incredibly difficult to breathe. His chest began to burn with every expansion and all he could think was ‘fuck fuck how could you be so stupid.’ This was Sherlock on a case; this is how he would be most of the time. Not the Sherlock John had got to know and like in the sanctity of his office, which was case free and in which Sherlock didn’t have a genuine worry.
“Is Angelo’s still open?”
John giggled slightly and said, “I see we haven’t even lived together yet and you’re already taking advantage of me. Yes Sherlock I have cash.”
“Good, why?”
“I was there.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, the first intake he had taken for a very fast minute or so, John sat back, his mind whizzing. Sherlock did not like the silence. Had he said too much? He had definitely said a lot, it washed out of him like a river and John was the rock sat in the water unable to move despite the racing current that seethed about him. Maybe it was overbearing, oh fuck it was overbearing wasn't it. Fuck fuck fuck, Sherlock felt himself internally panic, his oesophagus tied it a knot in his throat and his breathing stifled. Then John said the best possible words, "well we have hours until the sun comes up, and clearly you've been thinking about this a lot, what kind of experiments do you suggest?"
However, Lestrade stood before him. Hearing of a booking from a ‘mister John Watson’ being involved, Lestrade had to come. He had not heard from John in a while, but he always thought Sherlock would have been appreciative if he helped him out. Now he stood dumbstruck. Mouth gaping. Sherlock was now so unsure of what to do. This had all gone wrong. Greg didn’t disappoint him though. He did exactly what Sherlock thought John would do, Lestrade hugged him. With the words ‘you bastard’ it appeared that all was forgiven between them. John was more hurt by the whole affair it seems. Something Sherlock had realised arguably too late.
Sherlock went to reach for his phone and realized it was not there. No googling today. That is how they must have got John out the hotel. Used Sherlock's Phone. Shit. Les Americaines. Why would 2 Americans want him dead. What was his history in America. Politics. Religion. KKK. Reverend. He was a reverend. He abandoned his flock. His sheep. That would have caused some upset. Sherlock looked back. Looked at the things he may have missed. The chain. On his neck. The one thing he hadn't got rid of. Family heirloom? Who would he pass that on to. Father of three. Two daughters. One Son outcast for being gay. The son. The son. The son. American. The two men in the bar last night. In suits. Two white men. Two men. The son and his partner. Could it be? Where could you hide anyone here. Where could you lure anyone. "excusez-moi, où voulez-vous aller?" The taxi driver was getting impatient. "I need to think." Sherlock hummed his thoughts out and thrummed his fingers on the seat. They must have realised that the detective would fast become aware that his phone was taken. It could be tracked. If they did not want to be found, where could you not track a phone to. Geo location is not possible underground. The subway? No, too public, too open. The Parisian Metro takes you all the way to Eurodisney. Then it hit him. THE CATACOMBS. "The catacombs! Take me there as soon as possible. I'll pay double." With that the driver was away. Sherlock had long abandoned his French. His friend was in need. They whizzed in and out of traffic and Sherlock tried not to think about John locked somewhere below the street they were on. He could not lose his only friend.
Mrs. Hudson’s face fell slightly as she heard Sherlock broken beg. She reached out a hand and cupped her boy’s face softly. “Oh dearie, I’m sorry I scared you. But I’m okay, really. I promise I’ll take it easy today and when John get home I’ll let him look me over but let’s not worry him while at work.” She agreed softly and stoked her thumb across a sharp cheekbone in a motherly fashion.
“John?! Lestrade do you know where he is? Please I need to speak with him! Now!!” Sherlock actually begged and pleading with his eyes, but he didn’t care. All that mattered was getting to John as fast as possible. His pride was a small sacrifice to pay.
“Good, then sleep John, you need to rest.”
But Sherlock interrupted the man before he even got a chance to finish his introduction.
“Come on, I’ll give you a lift back to your flat before heading home. It’ll be faster that way.” Greg offered.
Now it was Sally who stepped forward, her eyes lightnings of barely controlled anger. “Did you hear what DI Lestrade just said? John Watson received his injury while serving his country! So how can you even say such a ridiculous thing!” She growled.
Sherlock only hummed in responds as they continued to search for the boy. After only a few minutes they heard a loud banging noise from above, followed by another and another. Sherlock and Dexter shared a quick look and then marched towards the noise. The sounds grew louder and louder as they ascended a long series of staircases leading to the roof of the building. They finally reached the top and entered onto the rooftop. Sherlock had a brief uncomfortable flashback to the last time he’d been on a rooftop, but quickly pushed the memory aside, this wasn’t the time or place for that.
Mr. Hadley however took a hold of Charlie’s chin and lifted it up so he could look him in the eyes with a serious yet gentle look. “No Charlie of course we’re not giving you up, never! On the contrary my boy.” Mrs. Hadley cupped her hands around Charlie’s face, stroking the thumbs gently across his tearsteaked cheeks as she continued; “We’ve been arranging for adoption papers Charlie. We want nothing more than for you to become a fully member of our family and Mrs. Clare, your caseworker, has been helping us to get things settled. We didn’t want to tell you until everything was in order though.” Mr. Hadley spoke again; “That is if you want to of course Charlie, but we’d love to have you as our son.”
“I know you don’t wanna go home mate but enough is enough. See, you’ve even lost your bloody jacket somewhere. Let’s see if we can’t find a cap for you.” Christian announced to the room and managed to pull his own jacket on while still keeping a firm grip on Sherlock, making it impossible to escape even if he could. He then wrapped one of Sherlock’s arms around his broad shoulders and half carried the detective towards the exit. Sherlock could do nothing more than moan soft complaints, but even in his drugged induced haze he knew it was no use. From every onlookers’ point of view, it looked like Christian was the noble, responsible friend helping his way too drunk mate home from the pup. No one would be coming to help him now…
“How much?!” Lestrade barked.
“Do you mind if I take the first shower?” He asked and turned to his still sulking boyfriend.
As Molly walked through the chilling night air she found that a supple peace had settled in her chest, that she hadn’t felt in a long time. Yes, she was disappointed that the man she’d pined after for so many years was now utterly out of her limits, but it had also left room for a feeling of relief and freedom to finally move on. Not long ago she’d never imagined Sherlock would ever had offered to help with her mundane work and tonight he’d stayed with her the whole night assisting her. Though she knew now she’d never have him in her life in the romantic sense of the word she felt a new kind of gratitude to have him as a close friend and that was enough.
“Thanks.” John muttered automatically as he quickly rummaged through the contents of the kit, finally finding what he was looking for. He quickly pulled off the wrapping of the pen and looked back to Daniel.
Anderson’s eyes faltered a bit to the side and a very slight blush rising to his cheeks. “Well..” He said timidly, his eyes shifting form a point at the bar to the table in front of him. John followed his gaze to a pretty brown-haired woman, who sat for herself at the bar, nursing a glass of white wine. She was wearing a black dress that hugged her figure all the right places and her features looked soft and feminine. John could see why she’d caught Anderson’s eye.
“John, sentiment is for the losing side, his daughter died, many people just died, we all die eventually, I told him that as a tactic, he wasn’t involved, his response suggests he genuinely didn’t know of her involvement, not even a clue, the pitch of his voice and the general tone and emotion fueled words tell us that, now we know for definite that he isn’t anonymous, and that more than likely he didn’t kill her. We can tick him off. See, John I’m working.” With that Sherlock picked up the chalk and crossed through
"He's coming in tomorrow morning, he wasn't happy about it, and a lawyer is coming in with him.." Sherlock began pacing and shouted "Oh God! What did you tell him?! He can't know anything we know, he can't know we are thinking he is a suspect, why would he believe he needed a lawyer unless we think him a suspect... unless..." Sherlock stopped in his tracks and John completed the thought out loud "unless he's guilty. He's a lawyer himself surely you'd think you could just rely upon your own knowledge." Sherlock looked at John, "he may be a terrible lawyer though, but I prefer the guilty hypothesis."
Will John follow his heart or his head?
‘Fuck, FUCK!,’ was all John could think. ‘You fucking idiot! You were dreaming! That was a dream! You fucking idiot,
They were the only two to leave the bus stop at Mine head, 'The Parade' to be exact. They wandered along, John drinking in his new surroundings, fortunately of which were most pleasing on the eye, and Sherlock thinking of the dead man that lay on the beach. On reaching Northfield road, only three streets closer to the sea, John spotted the blue and white metropolitan sign signalling that the police station bode here. "Sherlock" he said whilst pointing out the sign, Sherlock nodded and the two walked towards the doors. It was around 8pm, and there was only mild light left, enough to see but not enough to witness all that the land scape had to offer. John wondered for a moment if anyone would still be there, but detective Chalmers knew they were soon to arrive, and just like that someone sauntered through the double doors and she said "about bloody time Mister Holmes" as a form of introduction.
Molly nodded. “Yes it came back clean.”
Sorry? I mean was that completely torturous?
Why do they make me wait
*dances*
John leapt out of his seat and bolted down the aisle, shouting all the while “I’m a doctor and his friend!” On reaching Sherlock’s aisle the two people from his row had already left their seats and were standing in the aisle unsure of what to do with themselves. John sat down next to Sherlock who was hunched over with his head awkwardly squashed against the seat in front of him, and repeated his name over and over again in the tiny hope that consciousness was even an option. John pushed the same staff alert button that Sherlock had pushed over and over again to order drinks on the way here, then he gently lifted Sherlock’s head to reveal the last thing he wanted to see. John awkwardly held Sherlock’s head and panic rippled through his core. “Please! I need water! Please! And a straw!” John shouted for everyone to hear and that was the aim.
Please Watch
Like for real.
Sherlock practically scoffed and swiveled his head round so that his body was facing John but his eyes were on Lestrade.
"Later, we'll do it at our flat. We need more about her first."
John nodded and said, “erm right, Henry worked with the gang that Eleanor also worked with in Shanghai, if that isn’t enough as a threat we can also point out malpractices and weaknesses of his profession, if the incest isn’t enough, obviously,” John rolled his eyes and the mimic of his flat mate made Sherlock have to hide his giggling, John continued, “the crime boss loved Eleanor meaning that he’ll most likely try and kill whoever killed Eleanor if the police mishandle it, after all they may know something we do not, Mark is in the closet, and we have come up with a way to get Henry’s hand writing giving a viable way to take him to court.” With every fact Lestrade’s face became more and more telling. Each sector of his facial muscles contorting further to demonstrate the pace his brain was attempting to work at. As he went to speak it was like watching a computer reboot painfully slow, “How?!”
Sherlock gave a modest nod followed by a comforting smile.
These thoughts raced through John, all in a mere moment of Lestrade leaving, Sherlock asked further, “did your wife know you smuggled just like your sister?” Henry went to exclaim but John spoke up before he had the chance, “we know, don’t waste time, we met the gang ourselves and they treated us very poorly but they told us things about you, just answer his question.” Henry’s game was up, he sighed heavy, “yes she knew, but only recently, we had no money and we didn’t know how we were going to afford the savings for the kids tuition fees for later in life, so Eleanor got me in, my wife found out after I had been lazy with the money installments.” Sherlock nodded and shuffled his position slightly, “was she upset about it.” Henry replied, “yes, she wanted me to stop immediately, she always knew Eleanor did it but she didn’t know I was involved. She wanted it over.” Then Henry’s eyes went wide and he erupted into a fit of tears. He’d seen it; he’d seen the realisation the detective he basically hired had had a single moment ago. Through a stream of tears he wretched, “that man is going to arrest my wife isn’t he?” Sherlock and John said nothing, Henry spoke with more urgency, “isn’t he?!!!” He curled himself up on his chair and wept into his knees. John nodded to Sherlock and they both stood to leave Henry alone. They solemnly walked out the room and retreated to the room next door with the mirror window. All they had to do was watch to ensure he did nothing to hurt himself and wait in silence for them to bring his wife and the mother of his children to be interviewed in the room further along the corridor.
Sherlock slouched in his chair, not wanting to admit defeat however it seems that this game of chess had not gone to plan.
WHAT DOES IS MEAN
started at 10.34pm, it's not 1.58am. IDEK.
“Michael Elliot Scott, Eleanor’s father, he signed his name at the bottom of the letter, odd considering it’s to his daughter, but maybe they weren’t as close as its content suggests. Could be habit, generational thing. John get the yellow pages.”
John felt a bit strange about the news, just for that initial moment when someone tells you some news that you expect to be indifferent about. Up until this moment Sherlock had been all Johns, they had just been with each other. But on meeting Mrs. Hudson, he didn’t feel his way? She knew Sherlock just as well as Molly imaginably, probably more. Was it the fact that she liked Sherlock? That she may have some kind of ‘claim’ on him? John needed to shake this off and accept that Sherlock clearly wasn’t as isolated as John had envisioned. He was never going to be the first. Was John needy? He hadn’t ever been needy in his relationships; his girlfriends had always complained that he was the opposite, too independent and distant.
Sherlock watched as John headed for the entrance to St. Bart’s’ West wing. Sherlock had to practically run to catch up with his doctor. For Sherlock this is all he had ever wanted, a smart person to confide in about cases, to have some ideas that don’t have to rely to come from him. Sherlock really didn’t want to lose this, if this went awry and John left, Sherlock would feel even more lonely than before, and Sherlock would often feel so lonely he that he would sleep on the sofa in fear that he would go to bed and die in his sleep because his heart would fail from loneliness.
Once again John didn’t quite agree with the phrasing, maybe he was looking into it all too much. He’d be fine once the excitement had normalized a tad.
Once parked up, they headed to the deck floor, John purchased two cups of average yet welcomed teas. Once the boiled liquids were paid for, John left the line to turn around and find that Sherlock had indeed fucked off. Typical. John bit his lip and flecked his eyes, he had to remain calm, it had been an incredibly long roller coaster of a day, and they were so near the end. Where would Sherlock go? John walked determined, hovering the steaming throw away cups as he went. Thankfully, it became clear that Sherlock had not strayed far, not that he could really, it was a pretty small boat. He was outside, arms resting across the banisters, staring back at the land they had just departed. The darkening evening was becoming storm tied and when John handed over the tea allocated for his companion, he used the free hand to pull his jacket collar closer to his exposed neck. "Cold?" was all Sherlock asked, "you know you are not very good at small talk right?" Sherlock smiled and watched the waves turn from unending blue to a curled shocking white foam.
Months ago...
Whilst Sherlock and John found some much needed refuge amongst that tryst of rocks, they found no evidence of anything of case value being washed upon the shoreline. Still, with happy hearts at their childhood venture, both Doctor and Detective walked with their shoes in their hands. John still had the file of mostly photographs tucked securely in his jacket. Perfectly parallel to the other, walking in perfect synchronicity leaving footprints in the sand as unique to them as the genetic code that lay in their cells. It reminded Sherlock of that first morning he'd properly met John, in his office he'd noticed John bare foot and speaking as liberal and as fascinating as he pleased. He liked that about him instantly. Walking back to the nest of housing that sparked off into bone idle streets, it was clear that the borrowed white tent had now been taken down and removed from the sand. Unusual site now gone from the scene, any visitor may land upon these shores without any knowledge of the horror that was hidden from sight in that tent. John thought briefly that it may have now even been returned to the admittedly more prepared police unit who provided the privacy for the deceased white male. They walked in silence practically the whole walk of the beach, and it wasn't until the warm sand became cold concrete that words were exchanged. "We leave as soon as we get this car then?" John asked, paraphrasing in full knowledge that Sherlock would understand. John and Sherlock walked still holding their shoes until they reached the entrance to the premises of the bed and breakfast they'd shared a bed in last night. They hopped on the spot until socks and shoes where back on feet, irregardless of the fact that sand still hid between their toes. They collected their belongings, which had been left at reception on request. Sherlock paid using their work expenses account, and to both mens pleasant surprise, the rental sat outside, just over an hour early, for it was only twenty past two in the afternoon.
Ask yourself what they are, point your mind to a star, or maybe there's no need to look that far, place your ideas in a jar and try your hardest to tackle the tsar...
One thing that was resolutely funny however was the moustache. “Are you really going to keep that?” is what drove Mary over the edge. She too was not a massive fan of the moustache, but what a thing to say, after everything. Definitely deserved a punch or two.
"I'm going to tell the doctors that you are to be discharged today, I'm starting to miss London anyhow." With that John was out the door. Sherlock smiled from ear to ear, the grin could not be helped, he did need Doctor John Watson, he needed him and Sherlock knew it.
Sherlock sat on his side, with the white chess pieces stoically placed in front of him atop the piece of checkered wood.
Anderson put his hands down by his sides and became a little child being told off at school in front of the whole class, “No they don’t.”
John and Sherlock are in to interview the suspect at hand, brother and lover of the deceased Eleanor Scott. Did he do it? Find out in the 'final' (maybe not) chapter of this super long fic.
“Yes you’re right Sherlock I had completely forgotten. Whilst I ponder it, do have some garlic bread, remember I’m the one that has to deem you physically fit before we can go on a case.”
NEW CASE = HAPPY VIBES
Sherlock nodded some more, “I am the same John, I wouldn’t pull the lever.” Again there was a brief pause and John said, “I think we should both drink to that.” So the two men picked up their plastic cups and knocked them gently together, before taking a mutual gulp.
"Why yes in fact I do. Sounds like you lads have got yourself caught up in one, don't mean to pry clearly, you work for the police?" Before Sherlock had even drawn a breath John spat, "yes." Sherlock shot him a darting look, Sherlock loved to tell people he's invented a job and that it was entirely unique. John just shrugged and rolled his eyes. "awight awight" was Raj's response. Sherlock continued his train of thought, "did you hear much of what we spoke of?" Raj all of a sudden shifted in his seat and sat up straight, he swallowed before replying.
"Well John, am I like anyone else you've ever met?"
“Since you ask Dr. Watson I actually am rather hungry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock could barely eat anything the next morning. He was supposed to meet John in his office at 11am but he was so weak. So at ten minutes past the hour Dr. Watson appeared at the door. “I never expected Detective Sherlock Holmes to be a late man.”
Mary knelt down beside Johns awakening ear.
It took the fourth yelp of “John!” before John stopped what he was doing to pay attention to Sherlock. “Sherlock we don’t have time!”
In response Sherlock audibly swallowed once more, his mouth now dry.
Sherlock swallowed. “I am not afraid.”
Who hears a case conclusion, *points at self* dis bitch
John, his John, the man all this was for, lay before him with a sad face and pained legs stretched beneath his cold form. His eyes were closed yet the disappointment could be seen plainly, for his face pointed towards the wall. Away from a living Sherlock, away from all of this. Sherlock thought that maybe unconsciousness would be better than this. He had regressed and now his miscalculations had seen him pay the price. He didn’t even notice when Mary’s fists connected with his rib cage. Nor did he notice when Mary was ripped away from him, or when the police were called and arrived.
John sighed. “Come on Sherlock, he’ll just take us to the case and then you can out deduce him until he gives up and leaves?”
John swung his head around to face Sherlock in one swift movement; his words were slow and calculated like the words were as fragile as glass. “One letter is from her father, it’s trivial but insightful about character I suppose, and he is worried about her for sure, looks like she has had some dark times in the past. The second letter though, I think it’s from anonymous, the handwriting and the wording is similar, remember you pointed out the language used? It’s the same, but they are not a relative as they said in the letter sent to us, they are most definitely a lover in the letter in my hand.” Sherlock immediately took the letter in question out of John’s hand.
“Actually, Lestrade, Greg, sorry, I think Sherlock should wait until John wakes up, erm, maybe they should give it a second go?”
Whilst it was only three or four rows in front, John felt uneasy about not being able to see Sherlock. He was worried for his health, and arguably selfishly felt like he needed the company, needed Sherlock’s company more specifically. Sherlock was too focused on his survival to worry about seating arrangements. Once everyone was on board and the doors were closed John was still looking for some catch. Some one would jump out, yell surprise and shoot him in the head, or maybe the entire plane was in on it and they were just waiting for John to relax into his seat and give a contented sigh before all collectively trampling him to death. Even whilst the plane was taking off he couldn’t shake off the feeling that this wasn’t safety. It was only when the seatbelt lights went off that he began to truly believe that he wouldn’t die in China, and maybe, just maybe he would die at an old age in the comfort of his own bed. Just has he took a deep breath and undid his seatbelt did he hear a crunch and a loud gasp before someone shouted “is anyone a doctor?! This guy just collapsed!” He knew it was Sherlock.
Sherlock and John have begun a conversation that has no patience, and something needs to be requested that has never been asked before...
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock remained stood tucking his shirt into his trousers. He’d been through quite an ordeal it seems. Coldness seemed to have taken over his tall form. Drugs had spent a large time manipulating Sherlock’s life, especially in the past few years. Work was all he had, much to his brothers concern. The addict’s eyes cast to the floor in an obvious attempt to avoid the elephant in the room. Mycroft watched his brother intently, continuously noting that his appearance was troublesome. Undernourished was the first thing that came to the political mind. His cheeks had hollowed making every word and expression dramatically jut out just as much as the detective’s collarbones. His hair was longer than usual and his pale complexion had changed to an ill unwashed yellow, no longer was there that moonlit glow dancing from his brother’s skin.
“Sherlock that doesn’t sound easy.”
John simply twitched his nose and nodded. The men began to step towards John and Sherlock, but John went against the plan, “wait,” he said, without hesitance and with visible strength.
ENJOY!
John internally panicked, oh god he saw, Sherlock could see, he'd barely been conscious and he already saw straight to John's heart. John just swallowed and shook his head and said "no, nothing, there's nothing, else." Sherlock looked doubtful and did a series of deductions about his assistant, he did see it, he did in fact see it. Dilated pupils, hands closed in front of his body, legs crossed, defensive body language, he was chewing the inside of his lip, nervous, twitchy, overtired, quickened breathing, definite stress, he saw it all but he couldn't quite put it together. He decided that John probably wanted privacy, even though he knew the 'nothing' was a lie, he would realise it soon. He always did.
"John, where the
“Heart failure, most likely caused by shock.”
John interrupted “Are you glad to be needed like that?”
“Sherlock you need to conquer whatever is making you take the stuff in the first place.”
The remnants of the smile remained on Sherlock's face, "okay."
“Yes in two days is fine by me.”
Confusion hit John’s face, his brows knitted together. “Won’t you come?”
On entering the building Sherlock hesitated at the bottom of the stairs. It was a sort of hallway. Just a large set of stairs with a wooden door bearing a lock at the top of the stairs. At the bottom of the stairs lay checkered flooring and nothing but a cupboard under the stairs that would fit in the Harry Potter series, and another front door. It was a patterned glass that made looking through unclear. You would be able to see colours and movement but nothing specific. It was dark and dormant beyond the glass. No neighbours it seemed. There was a bicycle against the wall; it looks like it had been unused for a while, as it had nearly made a permanent imprint on the eggshell white wallpaper behind it. On making quick deductions about his surroundings Sherlock pointed up towards the top of the carpeted stairs.
John uttered an “Oh Sherlock” more to himself than to his patient before springing into action. John ran to the bathroom, grabbed a series of towels and placed them under Sherlock’s body, he wanted to slow bleeding that was leaving his back and he wanted to prevent infection where possible. On opening the small room fridge he took out the four bottles of water and the small glass alcohol bottles from the top, all containing vodka, of which there were three.
He lifted up the sheet and stared down at his maimed body. He knew something was different. Before he had the chance to poke at what had changed John turned into Doctor mode and informed his friend, "they removed some ribs, they were irreparable, your left lung capacity may also be permanently smaller, they singed the lung tissue back together, you need to be careful until it fully scars. And you still have a tube in your side to drain the blood, you'll have to go back to surgery in a few days time to have it removed." Sherlock just nodded and painfully leant over to the machine next to him, John rushed round the other side to help Sherlock but Sherlock waved him off, "I'm fine John, just turning the morphine down."
Within a minute Sherlock was sauntering over with two of the most ridiculous drinks John had ever seen. They were a milky brown like hot chocolate, and like
“Who am I to see then oh Mycroft the Conqueror?”
John and Sherlock stood outside Scotland Yard, looking up at the spire of metal and glass. Sherlock wanted to buy cigarettes to celebrate but John would not let him. Instead they stood humbly outside the stress filled building. John looked to Sherlock and stated, “full confession.” Sherlock nodded. “I still don’t really understand the actual act it self?” Sherlock now looked down at his friend, “nurse wife wanted husband out of smuggling game that Eleanor dragged him into, she went round there to confront Eleanor to get him out of the game, Eleanor probably brought up the fact some way or another that they were sleeping together thinking that the wife knew the fact or it was a way to get back in the argument, wife was angry, understandably, acting out of anger and a way to completely scare Eleanor out of her life she probably made her submit, bound her, stripped her down, probably made certain threats and Eleanor died from fear itself. Weak heart, it’s probably genetic. She never meant to actually kill her, just terrorize her, so she panicked, left the body for someone else to find, ironic that it was the man that connected them.” John stepped back to now look at Sherlock straight rather than from the awkward side angle, “brilliant.” Sherlock smiled. “221b?” John nodded, “221b.” So a taxi was hailed and as they climbed in John said, "Sherlock I was thinking about Eleanor's bee hives."
RUN BABIES
“Ah the old Charlie.”
John and Sherlock reach Calais, on finding the murder suspects boat, they devise a plan on how to enter such a vessel for their investigation, the only problem is that in order to do so, they may have to pretend to be bound till' death do us part...
John needed to get it. He was fast so he did. However this was delicate. Sherlock was not of the delicate sort. He could only dive in and hope he wouldn’t drown.
“Doctor, this is getting tedious, please do try to entertain me.”
Lestrade looked, well actually delighted with the decision, and he swung his arms fervently just as a child would.
Sherlock discovers that John may in fact be a useful human.
John stood speechless, he couldn’t argue with the logic, but he could argue with the action. So unusual, and wrong. I guess it reached its aim. Sherlock succeeded he supposed. Bold or stupidity either way what was done was done. John admitted defeat, shrugged his shoulders and put the kettle on. As he made Sherlock and he a cup of tea he asked “Sherlock how do you take it?”
Sherlock removed his hands from John’s face and swiftly walked into the building, almost pushing Anderson over as he went. John stood a bit dumbfounded before shaking it off and saying to no one other than himself “right.” He briefly rubbed his hands together, turned and entered into the building just after Anderson, shutting the door behind him.
The landing was fast and so abhorrent in its rush that John had to hold one hand out in front of him to stop him from getting the same gash as Sherlock had upon his scalp. Most of the other passengers had to do the same. Then everything but not enough happened all at once. Four people were on the plane in maybe around 120 seconds of the plane stopping. They had a canvas stretcher, so old fashioned that the sight of it made John nervous. As they all collectively tried to lift Sherlock, John couldn’t help from barking, “watch his head!” or “it’s his lungs, he needs surgery immediately!” They all just nodded and continued with their jobs, as if they had seen this all a thousand times, the hysterical friend or family member telling them how to do their jobs. John couldn’t help himself. What if Sherlock died, what if Sherlock, this brilliant new friend died; died on foreign soil for a case that no one really cared about. No one apart from Sherlock, and even John was on the case for a selfish thrill, but now it had ended up with Sherlock hurt, possibly even dead, John was invested. He wanted all those fuckers who did this to him dead.
"Sorry, yes, sorry Sherlock you're right, it's just, just the shock, yeah, yeesh, the shock of it all." John nodded as if to confirm his own shaky confession. Sherlock shook his head and said matter of fact, "once I get this tube removed I am coming over there and shaking you back into logic Doctor, Captain John Watson." John's face went from inadvertently pleased to assured and he just nodded as if the scenario hadn't been more than pleasing to him. If he was honest with himself just being called 'Captain' by Sherlock was arousing. He cast his eyes to the floor and his ears tingled, so much so that he walked to face the wall, anywhere as long as Sherlock couldn't have a chance of reading the want. He nodded, to himself really, and then just like that Sherlock was hailed off to surgery and once more John was plunged into surreal terror, except this time it was different. Now John's heart was at stake. Now all he wanted was for Sherlock to return. Conscious and talking. Whilst John watched through the glass and forced his way through the dejavu of it all, he realised that even if he was a plant or a moth, or even a hem on Sherlock's whooshy ridiculous coat, it wouldn't matter, because all that mattered was that he was with Sherlock, and able to understand, or at least hear, anything, all of it preferably uncontrollably pour from Sherlock's mind through that deep clattering vocal box and finally through those arched lips to rest upon the ears of John Watson. That's all John wanted. To hear him, to listen and learn from the man he had now chosen to spend time with. Not just as a colleague or even a friend, but more. John wanted to know everything about Sherlock. He wanted to know him as human, not just as a machine. God this was all so hard. John rubbed his brow whilst the surgeons delicately fed the tube from out of his lung tissue to take a gasp and rejoin the world. John knew it would all be okay, Sherlock, it had only been a few days from such a traumatic event and thousands of miles away at the crime scene he had already basically solved the case of smuggler and bee-keeper Eleanor Scott. Sherlock liked bee's, John made a mental note to find some of those hut-hive things Sherlock so adored. They definitely couldn't have them in 221b, but they could have them somewhere. Maybe Mrs. Hudson would let them keep a couple in unoccupied 221c.
He set the gun down.
“It’s disgusting,” Sherlock muttered. “Using his charms to seduce them. Molly should be smarter than that. Mary too by my calculations.”
In their youth he’d always admired Molly’s selflessness, but it appeared that had all but disappeared in an instant.
“Moriarty,” Sherlock said. “You’ve mentioned that already.”
Stepping out of the cab, he had to consider the real possibilities here. John’s tone had been one of concern. He’d been doing his best to solve the dilemma with Irene Adler himself. Had that been enough to motivate him to lie?
They headed to the stairs. Molly was as quiet as possible, tiptoeing down to the entryway and moving towards the door. Mycroft, to her surprise, was sitting in the living room. However, his back was facing them and he had a newspaper in his hands. Well, perhaps not the end of the world.
He stopped to talk to Mrs. Hudson on the way out.
Watson snorted. “Of course. Firebird as well. Gorgeous compositions. Even better performed of course.”
John sighed and settled back, waiting and watching as Sherlock pulled the phone away from her.
Well, the answer came down to one glance in Sherlock’s direction. A single glimpse of those dark curls and those unfocused gray eyes. John managed to swallow, effectively keeping the emotions he was feeling at bay. He sighed and then closed his eyes for a moment.
Lestrade snorted. “Good point. Well, gonna grab myself a drink and go try some of those sweets Mrs. Hudson made then.”
“I know when the system’s been played with,” Donovan said. “I’m not an idiot. You leave my grades alone. I gave you a useful tip.”
“Jaaaaaaawwwwn,” Sherlock pleaded as he thrashed on the bed.
“I guess I hope so,” Lestrade said with a smile. “All right, you ready?”
“I wanted to examine bruises more thoroughly. As I didn’t have a live human test subject (John was out…probably getting milk or something), I decided to use myself.”
However, as the younger boy stalked off he was forced to note Watson still standing there smirking at Holmes’s retreating arse.
“It’s a camera phone,” Sherlock corrected her. He went back to staring at it.
“Why get him to admit he’s in love with dear Dr. Watson?” Irene said with a smirk. “And I think in many ways that might just play out to your advantage, wouldn’t it dear?”
John’s mind had wandered back to earlier, thinking on how it had felt, Sherlock sucking at his neck. It had made him wonder what Sherlock’s mouth might feel in other places. He closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, trying to steady himself.
John made a fist and forced himself to take a deep breath.
“Good,” Donovan said. “Now you go and enjoy shagging Molly Hooper while I take care of this for you, hmm?”
She smiled, hand tightening on him some. “You’re a fool to not see it, Sherlock Holmes.” Her eyes trailed over him.
He tapped out a message and hit send.
“I love you, John Watson. And I want to spend the rest of my life with you. But only if you’re sure you want the rest of your life with me…and not with Sherlock Holmes.”
“We leave Sherlock to stew a bit,” she said. “Play on both of them in getting a bit jealous. Continue to confuse John. I have good confidence in the plan. In the meantime, I need you to keep an eye on those American gents. Don’t want them barging in on us again.”
If he heard her he pretended not to. Molly sighed and looked him over again.
John was left in confusion and despair. What had that been? Necessary for a…
So therefore he headed off to his new girlfriend’s for the night.
He hadn’t anticipated this. Out of all of the deductions he could possibly make, this was the one that he’d failed to see.
Donovan shook her head and sighed. “Well, I’m off. I have more than enough homework to finish. But…I’ll see you tomorrow, sound good?”
Molly headed over to the chest of drawers next. She opened one up and looked inside.
“Have an idea for you,” the girl said. She nodded at the empty seat beside him.
“Is that right?” he said with a slight smirk. “And what do you plan to do about it?”
Just yesterday he'd smiled and said that he couldn't imagine life ever being more pleasant than this. High praise from Sherlock Holmes John supposed.
“Are you quite alright, John?” Sherlock asked.
So, she'd settle for the domestic lifestyle. Relax and enjoy the time she had thanks to the help from Sherlock and John.
“What group is she in?” he asked as she went to sit at a table with another girl.
John tossed the phone away, hoping to not have to deal with more text throughout the day before moving to enjoy the rest of his time with Cindi, unhindered by thoughts of his obnoxious flatmate.
“You’ve done well enough for now, darling. Keep an eye on him and do call me if anything changes, am I understood?”
He focused on his driving, letting Irene tell him the latest gossip. Whatever he couldn’t deduce, she could usually seduce. It created a valuable pool of information between the two of them. While he might mock her sexual exploits at times, they did come in handy. He let the information sink in before he pulled up to her door.
Molly sighed. “Can you just…for one night be my brother. I want to go to this. Would you please come with me so that I can go?”
“Well, you’d better make it up to me tonight,” she said, batting her eyelashes.
“Er… can I take you to dinner this weekend?” he tried as a last attempt.
“Sherlock,” Cindi snapped. “Now get out. I’m not dating another gay man. I can’t do it. Leave.”
His hand wrapped around his flaccid length. Again, very little reaction, even to stimulation. This was what he’d normally recalled, his body acting in its usual asexual manner no matter how hard he tried otherwise in his brief attempts to be a normal boy.
“But, I suppose not everything is boring here,” Irene purred.
Moriarty was silent for a moment. She bit her tongue to keep herself from making any noise, simply waiting. She looked back at Kate again. It was a risky move, and it was one she did regret in some ways. The Baker Street boys were supposed to be her pet project, and now Moriarty might decide to mess with it, but she supposed there were sacrifices she had to make. Her priorities needed to be picked.
“Deny what?” John asked, swallowing as he tried again to find somewhere to settle his eyes. Sherlock was the best option.
“Why not?” Lestrade asked. “He’s perfect.”
Molly sighed. “Well, confirmed that he is gay. Because I found interesting things on his laptop when searching. So unless he’s looking at… well…porn for research, I’d say we’re well set on that.”
“How?”
“I’m not,” he said.
Her eyes narrowed. “It’s about Molly Holmes if you must know.”
John was still trying to catch up. He’d followed at first, but the latest had him a bit lost.
I blinked a few times. Was that really what I needed? There on that pointless little DVD? Him just sitting there telling me he was sorry he left. It was nice in some ways. But the last part was what threw me.
However, John had more pressing issues on his hands. Namely getting rid of the hard on that was preventing him from standing.
Irene Adler was most amused when she returned to find Kate giggling at the screen.
Their lips met. Noses knocked briefly until John adjusted slightly, turning his head to avoid the awkwardness. John kept it tender at first, just a soft light touch of mouths, no tongue included. He heard Irene’s breath hitch behind them, even as his own caught in his throat. There was another noise too, and he quickly realized Sherlock had emitted some sort of groan.
Sherlock hadn’t been rude to the bit—er…John’s girlfriend. No, he hadn’t been friendly but really did John expect him to start small talk with her and smile and act all hospitable all of the sudden? He’d always thought John was unique in understanding how he didn’t get on with others. But for once John seemed to be taking their side instead of his. Apparently some girl he’d met a month ago was now more important than his flat mate.
However, it brought about some serious thinking like nothing before. Truth was, I’d never been drawn to a bloke before. Not like that anyways. I mean—I wasn’t precisely inexperienced. I’d had a few fumbling experiments as a curious teenager, all that. I’m not some blinkered idiot who thinks love has to look one way. But I had been quite serious all those times I’d denied things. All those moments I said I wasn’t Sherlock’s date, I wasn’t gay, I wasn’t his boyfriend.
“Don’t even look at him,” she muttered.
“My phone,” Sherlock said, pulling it out to look at it.
He was glad he was lying on his stomach, hiding any signs of arousal from John. No, John couldn’t know he was feeling this way. No one could. This was—strange. He needed to figure out what was going on.
“Oh my God, oh my God. Do you have
Sherlock allowed himself to collapse on the bed, sighing as his head made contact with the pillow. He just needed to rest for a moment.
She headed towards him, determined to do some damage control.
John groaned. "Fuck. All right, stay here. I'm going up to my bedroom to grab things. I'll be back in a few. Don't you move a muscle, you hear me?"
“I’ll take you somewhere different,” John said, taking a few quicker strides to catch up with the taller boy. “I’ll…show you a good time.” He let his voice drop a little lower, trying to make his meaning clear.
Sherlock turned away from her, but she could see his face twisting uncomfortably. What could he possibly be avoiding?
“There, mystery solved. My only suggestion to you is taking rubber gloves with you on future walks. You’ll get your necklace back, eventually. And in the future I would leave your valuables in a more safe location. Good day.”
“I imagine John Watson thinks love’s a mystery to me but the chemistry is incredibly simple, and very destructive.”
“Whatever, I’m driving,” Sherlock muttered, reaching for his coat and scarf on the hook before pushing past the boy out the door. Molly watched in mild amusement as he turned up his coat collar with the boy trailing after him. Well that certainly was an improvement.
“Oh you naughty naughty girl,” he said, and she could hear the smirk in his voice. “Who’ve you been screwing this time?”
“So someone took the necklace and the money, but there’s no signs of burglary,” Sherlock muttered. “Well, let me have a look then since you’re proving yourself so utterly incompetent.”
throw the rocks
THE GAME IS ON.
VATICAN CAMEOS
(See the end of the chapter for
“Errrrr” John looked once more briefly over the shelves.
Lestrade sat at his desk with both his feet crossed atop his desk, a coffee in his right hand and a jam donut in the other. It made John lick his lips. On Sherlock’s entrance Lestrade nearly choked. Through a mouthful of dough and jam he scoffed “Sherlock you are not allowed to be here! Mycroft will kill me! And I mean actually kill me, dead as a door! There will be one of his sparrows here with a bullet with my name on it!”
John’s breathing was erratic and audible. He wanted to hide, everything in him wanted to hide, pull the duvet cover over his head and be in the ignorant bliss of denial telling himself over and over 'this is all just a dream.' Instead he sat stock still like a wax work unable to make a noise. He went to stammer but was cut off by an obvious command from one of the gun swindlers. It was in Mandarin so John had no idea what was being said. “John, he’s told me to tell you to get some clothes on, and once you’ve done that get down on your knees in front of the bed.”
She had the decency to blush. “I will admit animal rights are not my highest priority, but my boss needed me there. So yes, when I came home I was hungry and cooked up some bacon and eggs. Honestly, having all those vegan foods…I needed something a bit more substantial.”
Kate was quiet for a moment, her gaze softening as she looked Irene over once or twice for any signs of deception. Irene just turned back to the fire, unable to look Kate in the eye.
It had taken a moment for him to register the mistake. John too by the looks of things. But after a few seconds it had become clear. And that was really when it had all become too much. Panic had set in.
“Stay off my computer,” John growled.
Irene strutted over to the doorway and paused, glancing back towards the screen one last time, longingly admiring another furtive glance from Sherlock. So perfect. She licked her lips.
“Oh, my mistake,” Sherlock said. “The color suits you.”
It only made Irene’s decision more painful.
“I’m afraid the poor dear had her house broken into yesterday evening,” Irene said with a smirk.
“Treat her like royalty,” Sherlock suggested.
Sherlock shrugged, deciding to study the grain of the wood on the coffee table rather than look at John any longer.
“Just do it,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth.
“Er, yes. I’m going out now, Mrs. Hudson. Good morning.”
“It’s crazy…but…” she paused and pursed her lips. “God, I would never suggest this ever but… we need a backer.”
She gave a small wave and then disappeared off into the crowd again, likely to seek out Jim.
She laughed. “Oh dear God. Look at the poor man. You don’t actually think I was interested in you?” She crossed her arms and stared directly into his eyes. “Why? Because you’re the great Sherlock Holmes, the clever detective in the funny hat?”
“Oh, do tell?” Lestrade said, leaning forward a bit.
“Most valuable stuff is probably on his cell, but I see tickets to the ballet for this Friday. Microft probably procured them to get Sherlock off his back. Hmm… I’ll snap some photos of the books he’s been reading. And there’s probably some music over on the nightstand if you want to have a look. Overall, not much more information here.”
Mycroft stared for a long moment before finally snapping his jaw shut and glancing at her.
“Good. I’m sure it shouldn’t be that much of a challenge for you,” Moriarty said. “Getting Sherlock to solve it for you.”
It took a few seconds to puzzle it through, and then he was springing to action. His coat flapped wildly behind him as he accelerated into a run, dashing to the corner. Hailing the nearest taxi cab, sliding into the vehicle before anyone could even protest. Someone called his name, but he didn’t turn. Merely ordered the driver to 221 B without another word.
“I have nowhere else to go.” She stared at him fixedly. “Will you help me, Mr. Holmes?”
“For blackmail?” John asked, eyeing her. She was a slippery thing, but it was so obvious in those moments why Sherlock liked her. It wasn’t just the sex appeal. It couldn’t be. Sherlock didn’t go for that sort of thing. But this…her very manner. Her intelligence. Those fierce eyes staring at him almost hungrily.
“Not in trouble again, are you? Please say we’re not going to have to send you to rehab again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly did as she was told, pulling back the sheet so he could peer down at the smooth pale skin. He was unsurprised to see 32, 24, and 34 in the hourglass figure presented to him. He nodded.
Donovan pursed her lips.
Those words for some reason made him notice an inconsistency. Jim Moriarty sends his love. And yet earlier she’d given
“Yes,” Kate agreed. “And what was that with the phone?”
"I suppose I must," she said with a light smile.
he fall out the window?” Lestrade said with a sigh. Sherlock didn’t dare look at him, but he could see the familiar expression. Lestrade saw through him far too easily now adays.
Sherlock's eyes ran over him, clearly considering it.
“Oh no, Christmas is canceled,” John said, unable to think of anything more creative or clever to say. He was secretly pleased Sherlock was looking at his blog. The amount the detective passed it off as trivial had been annoying, but apparently he did think it worthy of a check every so often.
"I did mean it, you know," Irene whispered, looking up into her eyes. "I love you so much, my beautiful lovely Kate."
“You—You’re—alive.”
“John!” he realized that was what she’d said. Something about John.
“Adequate as well.”
all he could conjure up were images of John kissing him. John’s soft reassurances in his ear. John’s lips and tongue and teeth…
John fell upon him again, moving to kiss him deeply, tongue sliding in as his fingers threaded into Sherlock's curls. He moaned slightly, moving so that his entire body was pressing along Sherlock's.
The door opened and a familiar figure came scrambling in. Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked away. This particular boy had a habit, always the last one to class, often not coming at all. He knew little of the other boy, only that he seemed entirely disinterested in the educational system as a whole. Probably too focused on sports or drugs or something else. Sherlock honestly hadn’t spared the slightest deduction for him. It really didn’t seem worth his time.
“No, it’s mine,” he snapped, before downing the drink.
“I’ve been accepted.”
“Looks like he’s clean. We’ve tried all the usual places. Are you sure tonight’s a danger night?” John asked, reaching up to rub his temple.
He sort of doubted that was even possible at this point, but he didn’t bother telling Mrs. Hudson. He simply poured himself another drink and sat down with a book.
If he’d admired from a distance, it was even easier to do up close. The lines of muscle as Holmes bent slightly, the slight flash of skin where his shirt rode up. Well, this wouldn’t be a chore by any means.
Donovan put on a brave face, he’d admit that much. However, Lestrade looked less secure, trembling slightly as he came forward.
"Wait…you mean…" John trailed off as he thought about that night and his ridiculously erotic dream. "That was…real? What happened? Was…"
"Love you," John murmured, sliding back on top and kissing him.
“Oh yeah?” John said. “Me too. Er…I mean I’m looking for another girlfriend. One can only spend so much time cooped up with Sherlock Holmes before you crack.”
The crescendo of music, the rising swell as more and more passion and energy went into each stroke, reaching towards climax, climbing up up up, the tip of the bow sliding more and more rapidly back and forth, the sawing motion arcing as the undulation of smooth vibrato rose faster and faster—
"Hello, Doctor Watson," she said.
Sherlock grabbed his things and went towards the door feeling his temper bubbling just below the surface of his skin. He made sure to give Moriarty a good shove as he left, hearing Mrs. Hudson’s clicks of disapproval as he went.
His eyes opened again, and John did his best to not let his emotions overwhelm him. This still seemed like some kind of dream.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at the words, even as he became aware that John’s mouth was moving a bit, though no sounds were coming out.
