"I like this way of doing laundry." Cas said as he threw in a pair of shorts and kissed Dean's neck.
"No it's not!"
"Well I like it." Dean murmured, kissing him on the temple.
Cas searched his eyes and tried to smile. "Why didn't you?"
Cas let out a long sigh, feigning annoyance. "I have a bio test."
"Nope." Dean said with a grin. Cas shook his head with a small smile. "Damn it!" Dean shouted. "These need stitches and I don't have any dental floss or a needle!"
A younger blonde came rushing over. "Is that Cas? I want to finally meet him!" Dean tried not to laugh as Jo hugged him. "Okay, Jo, is this Cas. Cas, this is Jo, Ellen's daughter and probably the closest thing I have to a sister."
Cas involuntarily flinched as they crossed the threshold and Dean moved his arm around Cas's waist. "Come on, we're going." He announced, turning back to the door.
"Missed you too." Cas leaned over to turn up the music.
Dean's hands slipped underneath Cas's shirt and he pulled him even closer. "Cas?" He asked quietly, the silent question hanging in the air. Cas broke him off with a responding kiss. He let his hands slide down Dean's body and he let out a soft sigh.
Dean snickered quietly and grinned as his hand grasped something. He withdrew his hand and smiled even wider as he looked down at the Twix bar in his hand.
Cas sank into Dean's touch as a pair of arms wrapped around his waist and Dean kissed him on the cheek. "Hey Dean." Cas whispered happily.
"I'm coming Cas." Dean murmured as his eyes closed. One final breath and it was over.
"Mm mm."
"Why not?"
"Such a rebel." Dean murmured, placing a kiss on Cas's cheek. "But your Mr. College Bound-"
Dean traced along Cas's jawbone with his thumb and smiled. "I guess we better get some food, huh?" Cas blushed as Dean threw him his clothes and dressed hurriedly. "You okay?" Dean asked, taking Cas's chin in his hand and looking Cas in the eyes.
----------------------------------------------
"Damn it, this isn't your fault Cas." Dean half laughed, half cried. "I...I was worried about you."
"Dean-"
Mary slowely smiled. "Good. I'm glad it was you, I would hate Dean to be kissing anyone else." Her face looked completely relieved.
"Sorry, that was a real dick move."
"Actually," Cas said, rummaging around in his messenger bag and pulling out three envelopes."Here." Cas shoved them at a flustered Dean. "You open them, I'm too nervous."
"Just...meet me by the front doors after school and we can talk about it." Cas said, sprinting out of the room so he wasn't late for his next class.
"I wasn't going to." Sam said honestly. "I wouldn't want to fill you with false hope, but Dean, I do know he's in the best place he could be and they are going to do everything they can for him."
Dean took Cas's face in his hands and bowed their foreheads together. "No, you promise me something. Get rid of that guilt, about Meg, if something happens to me, just promise me that you won't blame yourself. Even if something does happen....I wouldn't give up my time with you for anything. I wouldn't change any of it. I fell in love with you and I wouldn't ever do anything to change that."
Cas looked up at Dean in alarm.
"Well." Dean said sometime later, stretching his arms over his head. "I guess I'll head home."
"I hate you." But Cas was smiling and couldn't say it convincingly.
Dean gave him a strange look at the outburst but shrugged his shoulders in indifference. "Sure. We'll have to take the bus though, my car's in the garage today."
"Well I'll say this. You sure look better once your cleaned up." Cas laughed when Dean emerged
"Cas, come on. It's Christmas Eve. Santa Claus is much too busy to stop to talk to me. It's not very realistic you know."
"Dean!" Cas's head shot up and Dean searched his eyes anxiously. "You can't! You can't ever stop it! Ever! There is no end! Nobody can help! God, now I've put you in danger too! Dean, I'm sorry!"
"Doubt it." Cas snatched the flask from Dean anyway. He hesitated a split second before taking a sip. He spit it out immediately, making a horrible, disgusted face. "That's nasty!" He cried, shoving the flask back into Dean's hands.
"Shut up."
"You mean a bacon cheeseburger?"
"Come on, your tough, strong, right? You've pulled through this crap before..." Dean trailed off as his eyes became misty. "Your gonna be okay." He said aloud, mostly for his own hope. He gave Cas a gentle kiss on the cheek and squeezed his hand again. "You have to be okay."
Cas swallowed thickly. "So they're right when they say you can't go home."
"Hey!" Cas poked him in the chest. "Don't be mean." Dean laughed softly at Cas's fake anger. "Maybe I'll sabotage your car." Cas teased with a straight face.
"Hey," Cas replied, putting his messenger bag on his other shoulder and leaning into Dean. They walked down the empty hallway and into the parking lot. "You work today, don't you?"
"We should totally go exploring." Dean said.
The cassette ended and Dean moved to change it before resuming his seat. This time he lay on his back. "You should see it at night, the stars, they look...." Dean trailed off in embarrassment. "I sound so cheesy...."
"Shh, don't tell anyone." Dean smirked. "So you wanna go get something to eat?"
Cas pulled out a picture of his family smiled sadly.Then he pulled out a wad of cash and Dean's eyes widened.
"Mmm." Dean kissed Cas tenderly and smiled. "Maybe sooner rather than later?"
"Cheater." Dean muttered under his breath.
Soon the struggle to stay awake ended as Cas's eyes drifted closed and Dean smiled to himself. Cas was stubborn, he'd give him that, but that was one of the reasons why he liked him so much.
"Cas!" He couldn't think, he couldn't breathe.
"Got it all out of your system?" Dean asked gruffly as he wiped his forehead.
Dean gave him a determined look. "Okay mister you think you cook a hell of a lot better than me. I bet you can't cook either."
Dean searched his eyes cautiously before giving in. "Fine, I won't be too long."
-------------------------------------------------------------------
"I just wish she'd never met me." Cas whispered. "Just like you...I can't stand the thought of you in danger, that I put her in danger."
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas's waist. "I think it's nice too."
"Yeah, might be a good idea." Cas said with a smirk.
"Ah," Mary leaped down from Dean's arms and wrapped her arms around Cas's legs. "Okay, I'm going to bed now." She promised as she ran up the stairs.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"You can. At least for now, please, just for a little while. I'll prove to you that nothing bad is going to happen to me."
So he took another deep breath and rebuilt his emotional wall, higher and thicker this time. "It's alright Cas." Dean breathed when he saw the pain flash across the younger's face. "It's alright Castiel. Go ahead, leave this place. I'll still love you." He leaned down and kissed him gently, trying to hide how his voice had cracked.
Dean turned to go but Cas stopped him in his tracks. "Where do you think your going?"
He knew it was happening the moment he started having chest pains, he had read the warning signs on the internet. He wasn't sure if he cared if he lived or died anymore. He had been rushed to the hospital by Benny, the co owner of his garage at the last minute.
-------------------------------------------------------------
"Dean, don't! Just forget about it, please!" Cas shouted pleadingly. "Please Dean, just don't do anything-"
"Cas-"
Dean numbly nodded his head.
"Is there a heaven?" Cas asked in a low voice.
"Hey," Cas complained, placing his hands on his hips to show he was offended. "I would not-"
"Ah.." Cas seemed at a loss for words so the girl continued on.
"So how did it go?" Dean asked cheerfully.
"Okay." Dean ran over to the other kids surrounding the pinata.
They leaped up and went running across the sand holding hands like a pair of love stricken teenagers, which they were in a way.
Cas chuckled and looked over at the other man.
"Dental floss, a needle and tweezers." Dean pawed through his stuff, raising a pair of tweezers victoriously. "Aha!"
"Nervous, nervous, nervous." Dean clucked his tongue and walked up behind Cas, wrapping his arms around his waist. "You just don't want me to see how badly you are going to fail."
Cas placed one hand atop Dean's and squeezed it. "I love you." Cas said through gritted teeth. "I wouldn't let anybody else get this close to me with a needle." Dean let out a soft laugh as he stitched up the second wound. "You know....I had to do this to my mom once." Cas said quietly. "Dad beat her up pretty bad, she couldn't drive herself to the hospital and I sure wasn't going to try."
"Dean, I'll be fine."
"You have your hand up Sponge bob's but!" Cas cried before falling onto the ground and laughing.
They bumped to a stop and Cas was the first one out of the car. Running, flying it seemed, across the sand and pebbles, his trench coat billowing out behind him like a superhero cape. Dean shook his head with a smile smile before closing the door and following.
It was quite some time before Cas opened his eyes. "Dean?"
"Okay, I hope you have a nice Christmas Santa."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean sighed. "Your never going to tell me, are you?"
Cas stiffened and Dean spun around. "Your just jealous you can't get some, from anybody. Too bad people have standards." He retorted.
Cas appeared in the hallway, his arms folded but a soft smile on his face. "Nice timing, I was just about to call you."
"But this is our time together. I want to spend it with you, not sleeping." Cas argued.
"You just want me in your bed." Cas said with a laugh.
"Are you kidding me?" Cas asked in astonishment, letting out a tiny laugh.
"Uh...thanks." Dean said with an awkward laugh. He watched the flickering glow from between his fingers as Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist.
Dean grabbed another and sat on the impalas hood, Cas crawling in beside him. "I thought you didn't like alcohol." Dean said curiously.
"So I guess you'll be wanting the grand tour?" Dean said, dropping Cas's bags and turning on a light switch. "This," He said, waving his hand in a flourish. "Is the hallway, obviously." Cas couldn't help but grin and followed Dean. "And this," He opened the first door. "Is the bathroom." He continued down the hallway which opened up into a kitchen and living room. "Kitchen," Dean said, pointing one way. "Living room." He pointed the other way. He opened the last door. "Bedroom," He announced, giving Cas a suggestive wink and causing him to blush. "Hope we spend a lot of time in there."
Dean stuck his head out of the bathroom. "Yeah?"
Cas took Dean's hand again as they walked through the trees, the sunlight filtering through the canopy overhead. "It's so pretty down here, it makes me want to get into photography."
Cas couldn't help but laugh as Dean gave him a kiss. Dean gave him another soft smile before closing the door. Cas collapsed back on the bed, feeling like it was going to be quite a long day.
"Don't tell me it's going to be alright Sammy. Don't tell me he'll get better, I don't want to hear it...I don't want some false happiness. I don't want to be lied to."
mischievousness
There was an awkward silence, only broken from the guitar riff coming from the speakers. "Oh Cas..." Dean felt his heart drop and looked at him sadly. "I'm sorry man....Jesus...."
Cas bowed his head, searching despertly for a change of subject. "So, you work?"
"Do you want me to drop you off at home?"
Cas smile down at his feet. "Is that a challenge I hear?"
Castiel panicked. Crap! "But...if I was made up, then I wouldn't be sitting here with you, would I?" He said smoothly.
Cas blushed slightly.
It was that night Cas realized how much he liked working on that stupid project. It may have been boring schoolwork, but it got him out of the house. With his now smashed I Pod in his hand, no thanks to his fathers drunken rage, he missed the music. He maybe even missed the company. He felt a little relieved as he heard his father snoring from the living room. It would be quiet, at least for a little while. He crawled into bed and faced the bare wall as he tried to fall asleep.
Dean buried his head against Cas's chest. "Cas....I....ah....."
It wasn't long when Cas returned, his arms laden with grocery bags. "I honestly don't know if I've ever bought that much food in my life." Dean admitted with a laugh. Cas just shook his head. "You get pie?" Dean asked hopefully.
"Sure." Dean followed him up the stairs. "I hate this place." Dean announced, looking around the empty hallway in disdain.
"You better be." Cas whispered before Dean moved away to put on some Christmas music.
Dean held him tenderly, kissing the top of his head. "Shh Cas, it'll be okay. Your going to college, remember? Your a Mr. smarty pants. It's not that far away until the fall semester starts, you can stay at my place until then. It'll be okay Cas, we'll make it work."
"It wasn't even that bad at first, at least until I started struggling...damn it Dean, he had these pills and all I could think of was mom!-" Cas broke off into a sob and Dean gently ran a hand through Cas's hair, kissing his forehead gently.
Dean reached up and tenderly touched Cas's back. " Oh babe....Does it hurt a lot?"
"I've always wondered what was in here."
"Dean." Cas protested weakly as Dean pressed him up against the wall and kissed him.
okay so you guys probably all hate me after that ending, sorry XD There is an epilogue and I'm hoping to have it posted in the next few days. I just wanted to say thanks to anyone who commented, left kudos or even just read this story, you guys are amazing <3
"I'm not on drugs." Cas mumbled, glad when they exited the bus and walked across the street to the library.
"I can't okay, I just can't!" Cas's chair squeaked back and he excused himself to the washroom.
They walked hand in hand outside where the sun was just begging to set. Cas smile when he spotted the impala. "Now this is home." He murmured as Dean started the engine and Cas reached over to put in a cassette. Dean smiled over at Cas softly before Cas reached over and kissed him on the lips.
"Hey, it looks pretty good to me." Dean said with a smile.
"Your favorite, peanut butter and grape jelly."
"Not until you tell me what the hell is going on with you."
It all seemed too much, even breathing seemed too much of an effort.
This was the end. Everything had been holding on and now the holding on was over. It was time for letting go.
-------------------------------------------------------------
They made their way outside to the nearly empty parking lot in stride. Dean hopped into his car with a smile. Maybe this is happiness. Cas followed suit and sank down into the seat, smiling shyly. They headed down the road when Dean's phone rang. He fumbled for it and flipped it open after checking the caller ID. "Hey Rick." Dean listened for a couple of seconds and then glanced over at Cas. "Fine, I'll be right over." He ended the call and gave Cas an apologetic look. "Hey, I hate to say this, but that was Rick, Dad wants me to go down to the garage, one of the mechanics called in sick."
"Yeah," Cas mumbled. "I know."
"I'm sorry sweetie. He was just too busy."
Cas turned around and smiled at seeing Dean as nervous as he felt. "Hey." Cas replied, carefully skirting Dean's eyes.
Dean rolled his eyes and placed his hand on Cas's leg with a gentle smile. "So, where to?"
"Yes sir." Dean gave Cas a mock salute causing Cas to roll his eyes.
"So should I quiz you?"
Dean smiled at him, his hands lingering on Cas's elbow. "You looked pretty scared." He tried not to laugh as Cas swatted him.
"Okay, see you." Cas gave him a small smile, collected his bag and started down the sidewalk.
"Yeah, it sure was." Cas said with a small smile. Back when his mom was still alive. Back before his dad had started drinking and hitting them. Before his brother had followed in his father's footsteps.
Cas couldn't help but giggle as his stomach growled. "Sorry." He apologized as his stomach let out another gurgle.
"No you don't." Dean smirked as he walked out to the kitchen.
"Well, if we see a horror movie, it gives me extra reason to hold you." Dean said with a sly smirk.
Cas smirked. "I can't, I have a math test next."
Dean pulled up against the curb and shut off the engine, surveying the little house in front of him.
They bumped their way down the road which had basically become a path and rolled to a stop. ".....wow...." Cas said in astonishment.
Dean followed him out into the hallway wordlessly.
Dean opened Cas's door for him and leaned and kissed him. "Well I sure as hell would rather spend that time with you."
"Cas," Dean placed his hand briefly on Cas's shoulder and tried to smile at his friend. "That doesn't matter. Your wings may be...weak and tattered, but your not. I believe in you man, your amazing and strong okay? None of that other stuff matters. Your wings, they don't define you Cas, don't ever put yourself down, okay? Your so much more than anyone will ever know."
"Seriously? You just skipped pretty much a whole day of classes and your going to go home and do your homework?"
"Merry Christmas Dean."
Dean turned and pinned the younger against the wall, his eyes flashing furiously. He expertly ducked out of the way of an oncoming punch from the older from behind him and quick as a flash Dean had thrown a punch at his head, knocking him out cold.
Cas wrapped it around himself because he was in fact freezing and breathed deeply. It smelled familiar, welcoming. Like home. Everything about Dean was starting to feel like home.
"Hell no!" Cas shouted, laying back against the rock with a laugh. "Sometimes I wonder why I try so hard." He whispered quietly as Dean sat beside him.
Dean leaned in close and kissed him gently on the lips. A few tears managed to trickle down Dean's face as he let out a soft sob. "Cas, I can't. I just can't...."
Dean took a small breath and moved closer to Cas. It didn't matter if they were in a crowded hallway, it seemed as if it was just the two of them. Cas felt his heart pound as Dean slipped his hand into Cas's. Cas kept smiling and opened his locker, Dean moving to stand next to him. Cas turned and caught Dean watching him and blushed, hurriedly grabbing the books he needed. "That's cute." Dean murmured, only making Cas blush even more. The bell rang and the hallway cleared quickly, leaving Dean and Cas standing alone. "See you later." Dean leaned in and gently brushed his lips against the corner of Cas's mouth, smiling at him before drifting away.
"You'll be out soon." Dean promised with a tender smile. Cas smiled back silently and after a few moments of silence Dean cleared his throat awkwardly. "Listen Cas, you...you can't go home. I know that's the farthest thing from what you want to hear, but...you can't."
"You make sure Dean treats you right, you hear? No being a cheapskate." Ellen winked over at Cas with a smile.
"Good." Benny appeared and wiped his hands on a rag. "Your hired, now get to work."
Cas's face lit up and he looked at Dean like he was God himself. "Really?"
It was as if Dean could read his mind.
"In the rain? Come on, I don't mind driving you home."
"I'm just glad your okay sweetheart." Ellen leaned down to give him a hug and then whispered in his ear. "Dean was real down in the dumps without you." Cas smiled shyly as Ellen retreated to deal with a few new customers.
The teacher looked at Dean pointedly. "Dean, do you have something to add?"
"Dean." Cas warned.
Dean snapped out of his daze at Ellen's voice and looked up.
They finished eating and headed out. "I can't believe I hadn't found that place before." Cas said as rain began pounding against the windshield.
Cas smiled back wordlessly and felt his heart flip again. It was odd, even after all this time, Dean could still do the simplest things and make Cas feel newly in love all over again.
"Never," Dean interrupted. "I'd never stay away from you."
"Are you alright? Where's Cas?" Dean just shook his head silently and Ellen immediately hurried over. "Oh sweetie." She cooed. She ushered him into the privacy of the kitchen and hugged him tightly. "It's alright sweetie."
"Well I need an address buddy." Dean said with a laugh.
They drove in silence and when they entered Cas's room Ellen involuntarily sniffled. "Dear God." She murmured, touching Cas's exposed arm. When he didn't react Ellen looked at Dean in concern.
"What? I like it." Dean said with a smile that made Cas's heart flip. Cas shook his head, feigning annoyance but a smile tugged at his lips.
"You know...I've been meaning to ask. I'd say that I keep forgetting but really I'm just afraid of the answer." Cas murmured as they drove him after getting some supper. "What's going to happen when I go to college?"
Dean let out a snort of laughter and walked out front, motioning for Cas to follow him. "You know Dad only stays to lunchtime Bobby."
Cas laughed at this. "I'm not going to answer that."
"I love you." Cas whispered as he lay his head back down on Dean's shoulder.
Dean smiled into the darkness and squeezed Cas's hand. "Not afraid of a bad boy like me?"
Dean involuntarily cringed at the mental image and grabbed the flask out of his bag. "Why the hell did you come to school like this?"
"Good," Dean smirked. "Then you can't stay angry with me, right?" He scooped Cas up in his arms and ran towards the water.
"Dean...I love you too." Cas gave him a weak smile and Dean felt a prick of worry develop deep inside him somewhere. "Hey, change that cassette." Cas instructed as the current cassette ended.
----------------------------------------------------------------
"So I tell you everything and you get to get away with keeping quiet? I don't think so." Cas opened his mouth to argue but Dean shook his head. "Never mind, Bobby's...he's more like my second father I guess. It probably sounds stupid, but he's cool. One of dad's closest friends." Cas nodded his head. "Sammy's my kid brother. I'm going to fix up that old mustang for his birthday."
--------------------------------------------------------
"I just thought you might want a friend." Dean said with a slightly sad undertone.
"I'll miss you."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas smiled down at Dean with tears in his eyes and then kissed him gently. "I love you Dean." He intertwined their fingers and looked into Dean's eyes. "I love you so much." Dean smiled at him. Cas felt his heart soar and wondered if there was anything greater than this, being in love. "I think your the best damn thing that's ever happened to me." Dean leaned down and kissed him. Cas smiled and pulled him closer and closer. Because he wanted to get as close as he could- he wanted everything. He wanted Dean to love him, to make him forget and make him feel special.
"I'll just wait in the car." Cas reasoned, giving Dean a reassuring smile.
"I...I don't have any money." Cas said in embarrassment, the tips of his ears turning bright red.
"Falls?"
"Mmm." Cas murmured, squeezing Dean's hand.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas hesitated for only a split second before reaching out to snag Dean's wrist. "Let's go."
"Okay. Well there's TV, or my laptop, just no porn, I'll be home soon enough."
Dean laughed as he went into the living room and turned on his cassette player. He watched Cas from around the corner. "I hate you." Cas muttered. "And you might want to find a better hiding spot, I can see you."
Dean walked through the empty, quiet house and could practically feel the pain. Or maybe it was the thought of Cas sitting alone in the car. Whatever the reason was, Dean just wanted to hurry up and get this over with. He opened many doors before finding Cas's room. It was bare, but his bookshelf was filled with textbooks and binders. A shelf along the opposite wall held several model cars. There was a bed with a simple duvet and a closet and a dresser and that was it.
Cas rolled his eyes right back at Dean as he stepped out of the car. "Your a walking heart attack."
"I'm guessing your a regular here." Cas said.
"Exploring? What are you, six?"
"Dean-"
"They said that they would eventually heal
"Yeah," Cas said in a low voice. "I thought she was sleeping at first." Dean wrapped his arms around Cas tenderly, being careful to avoid any wounds. "It was when she didn't wake up when I realized....that she....she was dead...."
"Shut up," Cas smiled. "But I did, head over heels and then off a cliff and there you were at the bottom."
"Hey, it's alright, my treat." Dean pulled into Harvelle's diner and parked the car.
"Yeah, for an old guy." Dean smirked. "But yeah, I guess he's okay."
"You'll fit right in at this place." Dean remarked, but still Cas didn't respond. Dean took a seat at one of the tables as Cas went searching through the racks. "Aren't you going to tell me to help you?" Dean questioned.
"Wouldn't dream of it." Dean laughed, walking back around to the front. Bobby gave them a final wave as they pulled out of the parking lot.
"Anywhere." Cas replied, sighing happily. "As long as I'm away from there and with you, I just don't care."
"Lucky us." Cas smiled as he walked off to homeroom.
Dean smiled down at him and took his hand before his expression turned grim. "Cas, your bleeding." He whispered, noticing little pricks of blood seeping through the back of his shirt. "What happened?" He asked quietly, his voice hoarse.
"Oh." Cas replied stupidly and followed Dean over to the student parking lot. Cas felt his mouth drop open a little bit when Dean opened the door of a 1967 Chevrolet Impala and threw in his backpack. He couldn't help it, he opened his mouth. "That's your car? Jesus, it's nice." Cas hesitantly slid into the passenger side and set his messenger bag in his lap.
"I got some homework."
"No it's not. I was a dick and I shouldn't have been."
Cas sniffled in embarrassment. "God, I'm sorry. You must think-"
"Don't you dare." Dean warned.
"Umm, sure I guess."
"I am better-"
"Awww." Jo beamed and smiled at Cas. "Well isn't he just the cutest thing?" She hurried over to the kitchen and appeared a few minutes later with their food and pulled up a chair. "So," She trilled. "How'd you two meet? And isn't this just adorable?" She touched the sleeve of Dean's leather jacket that Cas was wearing and smiled. Cas blushed instantly but Jo continued on. "You guys are just the cutest couple. Everyone said Dean would never be in a serious relationship, but here it is!"
A pair of socks were thrown in and a kiss was placed on Cas's eyelids.
Dean obliged with a smile. "Bye Cas." He gave Castiel one last soft smile before he left.
"How the hell are you not like 500 pounds? Jesus, you eat a ton of food and your still in great shape. What the hell?"
"You hungry?" Dean asked as they pulled into the diners parking lot.
The bell rang and Cas and Dean headed outside, skipping the locker detour this time. "I gotta stop by the shop for a minute if you don't mind." Dean said as he started the car.
Cas felt relief fill him and smiled at Dean gratefully. "Thank you." He mouthed once Ellen had left.
"Damn it Cas." Dean muttered, taking Cas's hand in his. "Damn it."
"To get out of here, remember? To get away from home." Dean propped himself up on his elbows and looked out at the water before back at Cas.
"Yeah, I guess we did." Cas agreed, getting their paper from the printer. He dropped it on the teachers desk and went back to his seat. "Well....finally done." Cas said with a small smile.
"Dean-"
Cas rolled his eyes. "Shut up."
Oh how Dean wished he could see that sparkling happiness in Cas's eyes just one more time.
"Sorry, I had a dentist appointment this morning and I forgot to tell you. Didn't you get my text?"
Each day that passed was another weight bearing down on Dean, crushing him in excruciating slow motion. Each day was another day of lost hope. Each day was more pain, more fear and more memories. All he wanted to do was go back. Back to when Cas was okay.
"Ah...actually, I was wondering if you needed any help. I'm looking for a job. I just moved here and I'm broke. I've fixed cars before-"
"I'd eat them everyday for every meal!"
Dean leaned over and placed a delicate kiss on Cas's temple. "Shh." He whispered. "It's alright Cas, go to sleep."
"I want to see him."
"Yeah, for my dad's repair shop. I've practically grown up there. I was always under his feet, wanting to help. Until I was actually old enough to help out. Now I get paid, my own apartment and a sweet friggin car, I have no complaints."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Really?" Dean asked, opening one of the doors of his car and pulling out a package of marshmallows and a package of hot dogs. "Bet I could make it better."
"I don't want to keep those." Cas laughed. He took a step towards Dean and was wrapped in a hug.
"Okay." Mary whispered sadly.
"Can you come pick me up?" Cas asked quietly.
Dean leaned forward, his hands resting on the table in front of them. "Well then do something about it."
"Yup," Cas's eyes sparkles with a childlike happiness. "Here." He carefully transferred the firefly into Dean's hands.
He bent down to pick it up and recognized it immediately. At the Hot Topical earlier today he had spotted the locket and thought he might get it for Claire. It was silver with angel wings carved on the front. He had been afraid to tell Dean about it at the moment and had shoved it in his pocket to show the hunter before they left. Except they had left the store and Dean hadn't known about it. Crap.
"And now your going to take off." Dean predicted with a knowing look.
"Why?"
"Why would you care? Why are you trying so hard? Heck, why are you even sitting here talking to me?"
"Better than eating your cooking."
"Hurt my brain." Dean shot back. Cas tried to hide his smile and headed to the library. "Where you going?"
Both children fell back on their behinds and looked at each other in astonishment as another child snatched the bar before running away.
"Then let's go." Cas said, his voice full of enthusiasm and hope.
"Is that a firefly?"
Dean watched him wordlessly and finally shook his head. "I can't-"
"Dean, please." Cas pleaded and Dean sighed internally. Cas had two sides, the terrifying angel of the lord side and the puppy dog, I will sook the whole drive back side. "Come on." Cas grasped onto Dean's arm and dragged him inside.
"I hope so."
"Fag!" Someone called.
"Is that an option?"
"Didn't think so." Dean let out a small chuckle and pulled out his binder. "Here," He said, slipping Cas a peice of paper with his cell number on it. "Seriously, if you ever need anything or just want to talk." Cas was slightly stunned but gave Dean his cell number also. "So, when are we going to work on this stupid project? After school?"
"Yes it was Dean."
"Nothing happened." Cas reassured, squeezing his hand as the bell rang.
"Good idea." Cas murmured as he pulled Dean up into his arms.
"You were about to open your eyes." Dean accused as he kissed Cas's palm.
"Sorry."
Dean smiled back and helped Cas into the empty elevator. Dean slung Cas's bag over his shoulder and hit the ground floor button. "Baby missed you."
Dean reached over and tenderly brushed Cas's cheek. "God, I just want to take you far, far away from this horrible place."
"Hey, what are you down in the dumps for? I'm sure you got in." Dean said as he unlocked the front door and hurried to the bathroom. He emerged a few minutes later and picked up the envelopes.
Cas kissed him. "Not if you come with me."
They reached Dean's car and Dean opened the passenger door for Cas. Cas smiled gratefully and clambered in, stifling another yawn. "You know, you can go back to sleep if you need to." Dean said as Cas struggled to keep his eyes open.
Cas grunted and rolled over, blinking his eyes against the sunlight. The room came into view and he recognized Dean standing over him in his work clothes. "Oh, hey." He said sleepily, feeling slightly disappointed. "Is it Saturday already?"
"Cas." Dean breathed, a hitch in his voice. He strode over and took Cas in his arms, which caused Cas's tears to finally fall. He pressed himself closer to Dean, leaning his head against Dean's chest. He felt Dean's grip on him tighten. "Cas." Dean whispered, his voice breaking. "Oh Cas....." He gripped the back of Cas's head with one hand and rocked him back and forth tenderly. "Cas." His voice was filled with horror and pain.
"Hey." Cas's face appeared from behind a tree and Dean almost had a heart attack.
"Your welcome." Cas whispered as he kissed her cheek.
Dean shook his head with a small smile.
Cas groaned as Dean shifted and stood up. "Dean."
"Nice try." Dean said, pushing him away with a laugh.
"His dad was a jackass, always beating Cas and stuff. I found out and....I couldn't just sit on my ass and do nothing! I got Cas out of there, decided to chance it and called the cops but...he broke into out apartment and Cas was there all alone because I went to work! I shouldn't have gone to work! I could have-"
"Cas! Is he okay?"
"Dean."
"And your going to spend it sleeping mister." Cas said sternly.
"Yeah, anyway, I got that and it had your address luckily and I just knew I had to get over there...and you know the rest Castiel."
"Will do." Dean steered Cas out of the diner and plopped down in the drivers seat with a sigh.
"Cas," Dean breathed. "Damn it, Cas. I-"
"Nope," Dean held up his hand. "No arguments."
"Good, then study. I'll drop you off at the library."
Cas felt a small happiness burning in the center of his chest and for a few seconds was truly happy. He forgot all about everything at hearing Dean say those three little words. The way Dean was holding him so tenderly, it made Cas believe that maybe he could be loved. And as Dean kissed him gently Cas knew that in those few precious seconds everything in the world seemed perfect.
"Thanks." Cas whispered, but Dean had already hung up. Cas sat cross legged on the sidewalk, trying to forget those horrible images. In another few months he would be 18, legally an adult. He would be able to move out. The very thought scared him though because it seemed wherever he went, his brother and father would find him. There was nowhere to hide, no escape.
This time Dean reached for him too late and Cas slipped out of his grasp. "Cas." Cas turned around and gave him a soft smile. "Hey, are you going to be okay?"
"Dean." Cas protested with a laugh.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Sorry!" Cas blurted and then ducked his beet red face.
He watched through blurry eyes as Cas's breathing slowed. He squeezed Cas's hand as he became still. Dean swallowed a heart wrenching sob. "Your with angels now, where you belong." Dean whispered, his voice filled with grief as he squeezed Cas's hand one last time.
"You are so smashed." Dean laughed, pulling Cas against him.
"Hey, it's alright." He led Cas through a small hallway that opened up into a small kitchen. "Bedroom is right there." Deans said, pointing to a slightly adjoined door to the left. "I'll take the couch."
"So how was work?"
"Hey," Dean said, stroking Cas's hair tenderly. "It's okay, I don't mind. We'll have forever to hang out, you need your sleep."
"Do you promise?" Cas's voice was barely audible and anything left of Dean's emotional wall came crumbling down.
Dean laughed as she helped Cas up and kissed him. "Come on, don't be angry with me."
He walked the hallways silently, mulling over his decision. There was nothing telling him it was the wrong one, he knew deep in his gut that he was doing the right thing. Yet there were so many warning signs. They told him to turn back, to do anything but this, nothing but pain lay ahead.
"Dean."
"Um..homework-y. Is that even a word?"
He could feel Dean's eyes on him, surveying him, judging him. He took a deep breath just as Dean leaned over to inspect his textbook. "What the hell has got you so interested? Hiding some porn in there or something?" Cas held his breath as Dean grabbed his textbook and scoffed. "You always like to read this crap?"
"Nah, hanging out in the woods by yourself, that's not weird at all." Cas chuckled.
"But..." Dean's eyes were filling with tears. "It's not fair! It's not fair damn it! He was so young. He had his whole god damn life ahead of him! He was so happy and full of life and he....I love him, this isn't fair!" Dean tried to cover up his sob with a cough. His voice turned eerily quiet. "If we leave him like this, there's a chance he'll get better, right?"
"A whole summer with you...it sounds like heaven."
"Hey, I'd rather fuck you."
Life was not infinite, that was something important Dean had taken away from this. Anything could happen at any second to rip your loved ones away. The only sure thing about life was death.
"Dean?"
"Mm, apple, want some?"
"She's a girl dude!" Dean laughed a little. "Totally different ball game."
"Maybe," Dean murmured slyly. "But I mostly just want you there."
"Do you think Claire will like it?" Cas asked worriedly.
Dean pouted as he opened the basement door and walked down. Cas followed, his head peeking around the side of the load to see where he was going.
"Cas," Dean bowed his head and closed his eyes. "I love you." He murmured, looking into Cas's blue eyes and wondering if he could get lost in them, drown in the sea of blue. They were like the sky or the ocean, but more still. There were no words to describe them.
Dean wrapped his arms around Cas's waist and kissed the back of his head. "Mmmmm." He murmured, he could still here Zeppelin playing softly in the other room.
"Dean!" Cas complained.
"Mary, calm down." Cas soothed. "I can promise you that's not going to happen. God, all that crap you're learning at school. Don't listen to any of those stupid kids, okay?"
"You broke into the office for my file?" Cas asked incredulously.
"Thanks for the burger Dean."
Cas grinned and shimmied out of his clothes before Dean lifted him up and placed him on the dryer.
Sam ran a hand through his hair, obviously stressed and let out a long sigh. "Dean, he won't be awake."
Dean grinned over at Cas and offered him a campfire stick with two hot dogs on it. Cas accepted it eagerly and moved closer to the fire, Dean kneeling down beside him. "You know, I never did this before." Cas admitted, turning his hot dogs so they didn't burn.
"Thanks." Cas said gratefully. "But...I can't. If i try to leave, it just gets worse."
Cas leaned over to playfully punch Dean but didn't have the strength. "Punch yourself Dean."
"Hey!" Dean reached over and shook Cas's shoulder. Cas mumbled and shifted. "Wakey, wakey." Dean called, poking him in the ribs.
"Shh." The librarian insisted and Cas glowered at Dean.
"Shut up, no!" Cas swatted his arms away and blushed. "I think someone deserves an apology."
Cas beamed with pride and Dean kissed him. "I'm proud of you." Dean whispered, his hot breath tickling Cas's ear. "So damn proud." Cas smiled and turned to him, giving him a long kiss. Cas's hand rose to caress Dean's cheek and he sighed as he leaned into Dean. Dean placed a kiss on the tip of Cas's nose before Cas pulled him back down to his lips. He ran his hands through Dean's hair as Dean moved closer, holding Cas against him by a hand on the small of his back. "God, Cas." Dean murmered, gently placing a kiss on Cas's exposed neck. Dean tenderly touched the bruise on Cas's shoulder, which filled him with anger. "I don't want you to go." Dean said truthfully, searching Cas's eyes as he stroked Cas's cheek with his thumb.
Dean's heart saddened and he took a deep breath. He couldn't let his own emotions or selfish feelings stop him.
"You just seem quiet."
Cas blushed even more and stared down at the ground. "I love you too Dean."
The teacher turned back to the board and this time it was Dean who snickered. "Shut up." Cas muttered. "You got me in trouble."
"Hey Cas." Dean whispered softly. "I brought you something." He found an unoccupied electrical outlet and plugged in his cassette player. He put in a Zeppelin cassette and reached out to touch Cas's cheek.
"You'll see." Dean said. "Keep your eyes covered."
They floated to the surface sputtering and laughing.
Dean looked at him in confusion, shocked that Cas had just voluntarily revealed something about himself. "Older or younger?"
"You make sure Cas is safe, you hear me Dean? Don't let him fall down anymore stairs." Dean grinned and saluted her. "Yes ma'am." Cas smiled shyly as Dean walked him to the car and even opened the passenger door for him. "Don't fall down any more stairs or I'll have to answer to Ellen." Dean said with a twinkle in his eye.
Dean threw Cas a clean set of clothes with a grin. "Hope you look good in plaid."
"Dean...please!" Cas's hand rose up to touch Dean's cheek. "Please Dean....just trust me, just for now." He turned away sadly. "Jesus, I was so stupid! I should have never let you find out- I shouldn't have gotten so close!" Dean looked at him, his face shocked and hurt. "I'm sorry Dean, but it's true. Whenever I get close to someone they get hurt!....I thought I could hide it from you, protect you, and God, I wanted to so bad! Because your special Dean and damn it, I wanted to break all the rules and be with you and now look-"
Dean gave Cas a soft smile before he, not very happily, left the room and waited in the hallway.
Dean spotted his chance. He shook himself from his daze and grabbed Cas by the shoulder, pulling the angel after him as he got the hell away from there.
"Too bad you didn't fall. Then I could say you fell head over heels for me." Dean said with a playful smile.
"Remind me to spend every day with you." Cas replied with a gentle smile.
"Here." Dean said, handing Cas the flask. "It'll help with the pain." Cas took a couple of sips and Dean searched his eyes carefully before kissing him. "This will hurt, I'm sorry." He said, using the tweezers to pick out a piece of glass and place it on the counter.
"Yeah, it will Cas. I know you, sooner or later that goody two shoes instinct is going to kick in."
"Yes I do. You were a teenager once, you would know what she would like."
"Okay."
"Hey, if your really that tired you can take a nap. I'll wake you up when lunch is over."
"Great, that probably means it's a crappy movie."Dean complained and put his arm around Cas.
"Please Dean." Sam pleaded. "You can be here first thing in the morning, I promise." Dean bit his lip and looked at Cas in his bed. "Dean, he would want you to. He wouldn't want you to worry yourself sick about him, now would he?"
"Well aren't we arrogant." Cas just grinned silently and finished his burger.
Bobby shook his head but also smiled and stuck out his hand. "Of course Cas likes your car, who doesn't?"
"I know," Dean smiled halfheartedly. "That's why I called you...I....I couldn't be alone....." Dean scuffed his shoe along the floor. "Sammy," His voice was wobbly,breaking, close to going over the edge. "I'm scared."
"Hmm." Dean sighed as he wrapped Castiel in his arms and they swayed together.
Cas shrugged his shoulders. "Whatever you want to."
Cas looked stricken. "Dean.....please, just try, just for now. Please Dean, just this one thing, for me."
"You want the job or not?"
"Cas? Hey Cas?" Dean could hear Zeppelin playing and smiled to himself, it was their song.
Cas shrugged his shoulders and Dean took his hand. He finished the third wound and turned Cas to face him. His face was tear stricken and Dean immediately took him in his arms, rocking him in a comforting motion. Cas reached up and touched Dean's cheek. "Thanks." He whispered, his eyes shining. He stood and kissed Dean's temple with a smile. "Was it really that bad?" He asked, placing his hand on Dean's hip.
"Every great car guy needs an assistant."
Dean pulled Cas back to him with a smile. "You should get some rest." Dean said, looking into Cas's eyes with concern.
"Nah, it's alright." Dean said, kicking a pine cone along with his foot. "Is it weird?" He asked finally. "Not being around your dad and stuff I mean."
It wasn't exactly an easy day and by the time lunchtime rolled around Dean knew something must be horribly wrong. Cas wouldn't stay away from school, he wouldn't  voluntarily give away the little part of his day that was his escape. Dean waited until the office staff went for lunch and quickly jiggled the lock. He breathed a sigh of relief as it swung open. He looked around to make sure no one had seen him and headed for the student files. Once he found what he wanted, he was out of the school within minutes.
Dean smiled as he unblocked the door and took Cas's hand in his. "You deserve so much better than this." Dean murmured but Cas didn't respond as the noise from the hallway seemed deafening.
"The sky." Cas deadpanned.
"It's raining out silly," Dean half scolded, half laughed. "Your gonna catch a cold."
"I...I don't know." Dean admitted in a scared voice. "If there is, you'll be there." He tried to smile and his voice cracked. "I know it's hard, I know your struggling, holding on, for me. I can see it in your eyes, but..." Dean took a deep breath. "You don't have to Cas. You should be...up there, in a much better place-"
"There's one for me and Sam too." Cas stared at his own pop vinyl silently. "That is not an accurate representation of my wings." He mumbled dejectedly. "They are much more broken and tattered now."
"You wouldn't dare."
Cas giggled. "Your just glad I'm around for when you wanna screw me."
"Maybe your not the weird nerd I thought you were." Dean said, nodding in approval of Cas's music choice.
"I love you too." Dean murmered, his breath tickling Cas's ear. He pulled away Cas's beard and kissed him, softly and swiftly. "Merry Christmas babe."
"You know what's getting me through this?" Cas asked quietly. "You. Your the reason I keep trying..You make me remember why I'm still holding on, to be with you. If it wasn't for you.....before, it looked bleak Dean. Before you said hi to me in history class...it looked really bleak. But now...I have you to keep me going." Dean smiled and gave him the most softest, most tender kiss and looked into his eyes. That was enough, no words were needed. Cas gave him a gentle smile and stepped out into the night. "Goodbye Dean, I'll see you tomorrow."
"You must be pretty happy you found it again."
Dean reached over and snatched the book from Cas's hands and placed it out of his reach with a thump. "So whats up?"
"No," Dean said gruffly as he tried to push past her. "Just looking for my friend."
"Your a terrible liar Cas."
"Nah, it's alright. I'm the one who said who could call anytime. You sure know how to pick your timing Cas." Cas could practically picture the sly smile on Dean's face. "I'll be there in a few."
"I know you do."
"You do realize that opening someone else's mail is a criminal offense, right?"
"I just needed some space." Cas said with a brave smile. "You know how parents are."
At this Dean couldn't hold it in any longer. He felt a few lone tears trickle out but was somehow to keep in the shoulder shaking sobs. "I love you too Cas...I'm so damn glad I found you." Dean shakily caressed Cas's cheek with his thumb.
"Jesus Christ, you are drunk." Dean let out a little half laugh and looked at Cas in astonishment. "God." Dean shook his head as Cas lay his head on Dean's chest with a small sigh. Dean smiled and ran his hand through Cas's hair as Cas continued to laugh.
Silence.
"Aren't we going to eat?" Cas teased with a smile. "It would be a shame to let all this food go to waste."
Cas felt his heart leap at the possibility and unconsciously reached up to place a hand on Dean's cheek.
"Good." Cas smiled over at Dean and then became quiet.
Cas blushed and smiled shyly. "Dean, that's so sweet." He kissed Dean's forehead and let his hand linger on Dean's cheek. "But it's damn true."
"Kansas."
"And do what?"
Dean immediately dropped down next to him and pulled him into his lap. "It'll be okay Cas." He whispered, his voice wracked with emotion. "He won't hurt you again-"
"Okay!" Mary exclaimed, giving him another hug.
"I have to go."
Dean shrugged his shoulders. "I heard you singing along in the car one day, your not too bad."
The words were like a stab in the heart for both of them. Dean immediately wanted to take it back. He knew what it sounded like and it wasn't like that at all.
Cas opened the top of the washer and dug out the detergent.
Cas woke to sunshine filtering through the window. He groggily rolled over onto his side, shielding his eyes from the sun.
"It's friday." Cas said as if that explained everything. It didn't. Dean gave him a blank look. "Don't you have a party or something to be at?"
"That's a good girl." Cas stood up and placed Mary in Dean's arms. "I must be going now, I've got a lot of presents to deliver."
"How many days until school is over?" Dean asked wistfully, running his thumb along Cas's hand.
"I could go for that." Dean replied softly, kissing Cas's jawbone.
"Damn right."
"Go get some candy Dean." Mary encouraged as she nudged Dean forward. Dean gave his mother an uncertain look, causing her to smile. "I'll bet they have Twix bars."
"Mmm? Dean?"
Dean let out a snort. "Of course you would spend Saturday night doing homework."
Dean smiled and went rustling through his closet. "I don't suppose you took any clothes with you, did you?"
"Hey Cas." Dean sat beside him on the couch and Cas leaned into him. "So you didn't die or anything."
"Hey," Cas said softly, placing a hand on Dean's knee. "Seriously, I'm getting concerned about you, you need some rest Dean."
"Well, it's really busy tonight, isn't it?" Cas deadpanned.
He stood up unsteadily and pushed open Cas's door.He couldn't help but smile when he saw Cas's beautiful blue eyes looking up at him.
"Yup," Cas replied as Dean sat down beside him. "His name is tree, he's quite the listener."
"Okay, the whole no talking thing is really creepy." Cas remained staring out the window. "Jesus, what kind of drugs are you on, I want some."
"Told you." Dean said triumphantly.
Castiel turned around and flew into a pair of waiting arms with a tear filled smile. "Dean." He murmured, wrapping his arms tightly around his boyfriend, never wanting to let go.
Dean shrugged off his jacket and cocked his head to look at Cas. "So, it's not too late to admit you were wrong."
"Hey," Dean said in concern. "I'm sorry I asked, you don't have to talk about it."
"Dean, open your eyes damn it!" Benny shouted as the nurses ran Dean through the hallways to the nearest free room. "Don't you dare die on me!"
Cas went to open the door but Dean placed a hand on his elbow. "No offense, but your a mess. Do you really think you should go home like that if home is so bad?"
already
Castiel took a seat and planted Mary on his lap. "Maybe next year." He promised. "But you have to be extra good, okay?"
"It just might." Ellen laughed and took off for the counter.
"Dean-"
What the hell? Dean whipped back around to face the girl again.
"Sammy...what are you doing here? I mean I'm not trying to be rude or-"
Cas looked out the window at the stars shining and as much as he didn't want to leave Dean, he knew he shouldn't try his luck. "Yeah." He sighed just as they pulled in the diners parking lot.
Dean let out a tiny sigh and wrapped his arms around Cas's waist. "Sorry." Dean mumbled, keeping his gaze on the floor.
"Dean, I know you want to stay with him, but it won't help either of you. You need to get home, get some sleep."
"Hey Ellen," Dean called into the empty diner as they took their usual booth in the back.
"I guess we are." Dean said with a silly smile.
"So you gonna tell me?"
"Dean! Are you alright?" Cas sounded so worried that it nearly broke Dean's heart.
"Oh, she's been a real angel." Dean laughed.
"Mm." Cas stretched and rubbed the kink in his neck. He blinked and stood up, almost walking straight into Dean. "Sorry." Cas apologized, grabbing his bag from the counter.
"Dean!" Cas squealed with a laugh. "Stop looking at my ass!"
Dean chuckled and placed his hand on Cas's knee. "Your the smart one babe."
"No, just most of the time." Dean teased, slipping off his leather jacket. "Come on, hand it over." Dean said, holding out his hand until Cas handed Dean his trench coat. "There," Dean said as he hung them both on the coat rack in the hallway. " Now it's home."
For some unknown reason this brought tears to Dean's eyes. He took a deep breath and looked at Cas through blurry eyes. "Your welcome." He leaned over and pressed his lips against Cas's, letting them linger there. He just wanted this moment to last forever, because then he wouldn't have to say goodbye. "Castiel my angel." He whispered, touching Cas's cheek tenderly.
. Castiel's sweet voice beckoning him.
Dean caught up to Cas easily. For a guy who ate a ton of junk food, he was in great shape. "Cas!" Dean reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder, turning Cas to face him. "Hey, it's alright. Cas, hey, your alright." Dean pulled him close, hugging him tightly. "Shh Cas." Cas felt a small happiness at this simple gesture. It had been so long since someone had hugged him. It had been so long since someone had showed an ounce of concern for him. "Come on." Dean said, steering Cas back towards the car. Cas slid into the passenger seat and stared down at the floor. Dean got in but didn't start the car. Although he did turn the music on low. Dean watched Cas carefully but didn't say anything, not yet.
Dean laughed. "It's a lot simpler than that. You weren't in school that day, so I automatically knew something was up. You may hate school, but you hate home more. You said it yourself, school is your escape and when you didn't show for school, I knew something was wrong. So I waited until lunch and got into your file from the office-"
"I'm sorry sir, but visiting hours are now over." Dean resisted to glare over at the nurse who had stuck her head around the door and instead nodded.
"Okay, well see ya."
Dean grinned devilishly before dropping the laundry and spinning Cas around to face him. The shorter almost lost his balance on the steps, but Dean caught him just in time. Cas's arms had flailed when he thought he was falling and of course all their clothes had fallen to the ground.
"I don't care," Dean murmured. "Just as long as your okay."
"Nothing..."
"You can't just put your entire life on hold for me."
Cas pushed the dwindling pile of books over to Dean as he sat down beside him again, carefully replacing the arm of his sleeve that had moved to expose his forearm. No one could ever find out, he just couldn't go through that pain again. "Damn, you were doing a lot of reading last night." Dean said, looking at the tiny pile of books. Cas shook his head no and Dean waited for him to go on. "You gonna elaborate or what?"
"I don't care." Cas wheezed, because damn it, it hurt and it was taking all his composure to keep it together.
"Because your a goody two shoes." Dean smirked.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Bye Dean." Cas took his messenger bag and opened the door, giving Dean a shy smile before disappearing.
Cas curled their hands together and smiled when Dean squeezed them. "I like doing everything with you."
Ellen leaned over and hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry sweetie, none of this is fair. But you didn't cause any of this, if anything, you helped Cas more than you've hurt him."
"No it won't."
"You okay?" Dean's eyes searched Cas's, trying to find the answer, the real answer.
Dean felt tears fill his eyes and leaned down to kiss Cas's papery cheek. "I love you Cas. Hell, I don't even know if I'm going to be okay...but I have to make sure you are. So don't be angry with me please. Baby, I'm doing this because I love you and I hope you can understand that." Dean stood up and swiped at his tears.
"But I forgot about it. We stopped coming out here. I think that day really freaked Dad out. See," Dean paused to take another drink. "It started out as a good day. We'd gotten down here real early and it was sunny and warm. God, there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Sammy wanted to go swimming. That was fine, we'd gone swimming here before, but...this time something was wrong. I could just sense it. Instead of telling Dad and getting Sam in trouble, I went out after him." Dean let out a wry laugh. "Turned out that wasn't such a good idea. I got Sammy free, he'd caught his foot between two rocks, but I stupidly forgot to hold me breath when I went under and swallowed a bunch of water. Dad was pissed. He got me out safe and sound, but he was pissed....We never went back after that day and I guess over the years I forgot about it. Until recently I was driving around the back roads one day and I stumbled upon it. I have to admit, I still like the place."
"So what's the big surprise?" Cas asked as he lay his head against Dean's chest.
---------------------------------------------------
Dean closed his eyes with a large sigh as they pulled into the ER and slammed to a stop. He couldn't go yet. "Benny." He croaked as they loaded him onto a gurney.
"Let's head out then." Cas grabbed his messenger bag, which he'd almost forgotten he had with him, and followed Dean out to the car. He searched through Dean's cassettes and put one in the stereo.
"Hey." Dean found Cas after first class.
Dean playfully shoved him away. "Oh shut up."
"Dean-"
"Damn it, sometimes I wish I could hate you." Cas laughed, hugging Dean tightly and pressing his wet clothing against Dean.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The machines keeping Cas alive beeped in sequence, a certain pattern Dean knew he would never be able to forget. He took a step towards the bed and sat next to his husband. He gently placed a hand on his arm, swallowing difficulty. "I'll share with you." He murmured softly as he placed the familiar golden wrapper on Cas's bedside table. "You know I always will."
"I don't want a ton of friends."
"I want to go to school."
"Hell yes." Cas laughed and pulled Dean close to kiss him. "Now you just have to break me out of here."
"Was nice."
"Ugh, I hate you." Cas muttered, picking himself up and rubbing his eyes.
"We should stop at a grocery store." Cas suggested on their way home. "You don't even have anything in that apartment to cook with."
Cas punched his on the arm with a smile. "Shut up."
"I'll share with you." Dean offered as they both took a seat in the grass.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean waved her away and she walked into Cas's room.
"I am happy." Cas protested weakly. "Dean, you are everything that makes me happy-"
"Yeah." Cas sighed, leaning back against Dean. Cas hated what Dean was doing to him, what he was making him feel, but he wouldn't give it up for anything. Dean got up and took a drink from his flask from his jacket. "Really?" Cas asked with a roll of his eyes.
Cas chuckled. "Well, that was the point."
"No!" Dean protested. "But that is a bonus." He winked over at Cas.
Dean ducked back around the corner and smiled to himself. "Love you."
encouragement
He had been up all night, yes, only because it was impossible to sleep during his fathers drunken rage. "You wish." Cas mumbled with a hint of a smirk.
The rest of the day went by too fast and before he knew it Cas was walking home. He dejectedly kicked a pebble along the sidewalk. It seemed ages ago since the last time he'd gone straight home. He missed the way it used to be with Dean already.
"No." Cas said quietly as Dean started the engine. Yet they just sat there. "I...your a good person and I appreciate that you care, not many people do. But...you can't always help, I think it's better if I just go home."
Dean murmured a response and kicked off his boots, running across the sand with a carefree grin. "We should make a bonfire when it get's dark."
"I'm not going in there." Dean stated and stopped dead in his tracks.
Dean laughed and pulled another flask from his jacket. "Actually, that was lake water." He held out the other flask to Cas who just glared at him.
"Yeah, but I missed you. Plus, I knew that you'd suck at picking out what I wanted to keep." Cas knelt down and pulled out a small box from under his bed and cradled it to his chest. "Can you get the clothes?" He asked quietly.
Dean couldn't help but shake his head with  a small smile as Cas's messenger bag flapped around his legs. So desperate to be a goody two shoes. So desperate for approval.
Cas sniffled and snuggled into Dean. "Promise me if he ever comes after you-" "Cas,"
Eventually Dean did open that door. He  even worked up the courage to step inside. He saw Cas lying there so still-so peaceful-. If you ignored the machines it was almost as if Cas were just sleeping.
"I don't know...we could go look." Dean grabbed Cas's hand as they stood up and walked over to where the broken pinata lay. Dean knelt down and stuck his hand inside the paper mache Sponge bob, causing Castiel to laugh loudly.
"Yes." Dean croaked out.
"There's only one." Cas said quietly.
"Hey beautiful." Dean said, wrapping his arms around Cas with a smile.
"That's the second time today." Cas hissed.
"Go ahead, I'm busy." Dean sighed and pretended to pout. "Your no fun."
Cas kissed Dean again and smiled. "I love you." He whispered in Dean's ear. "That's adorable and I just love you."
"From the way you were acting I guess..."
They bought their tickets and popcorn and settled down in the empty theater.
"Visiting hours will end in 5 minutes." A voice over the loudspeaker announced.
-----------------------------
Dean asked with a tiny smirk.
"I'm good." Cas said, stifling a yawn as he took his seat next to Dean.
"Cas, Meg dying wasn't your fault."
"No, no, I didn't mean it like that Cas. I just...it's nice to have an optimistic outlook for once. It seems that my relationships never last very long..."
"Ugh, math." Dean complained as he stood up and wiped the dirt from his jeans. "You know how much I hate history, right? Well take that, quadruple it and that's how much I hate math."
"Hey."
"Ah!" A pair of hands covered Cas's eyes and he dropped his books. The hands were removed and he heard Dean's laugh. "Your a dick." Cas muttered as Dean slipped his hands around his waist and rested his chin on Cas's shoulder.
"Until they say that you are better and you can leave." Dean said, laughing as Cas pretended to be angry.
"Okay."
Dean admired it with a small smile. "Thanks Cas," He leaned over and kissed him softly. "I love it."
Sam moved and gave him another hug. "I know you do Dean and I'm sorry. It must be damn hard, but you just need to take it one day at a time. Cas knows you love him, he won't give up easily. Neither will you, I know you'll be there next to him until his last breath or the day he walks out of here."
Cas couldn't help but laugh at the expression on Dean's face. "I didn't get much, but I was pretty good at saving it."
"Kinky." Dean whispered with a smirk.
"I was going to say wimp." Cas said with a wry smile. "But I'm not sure if that's any better." He looked outside and took a deep breath. "I..I thought I saw my ex girlfriend but...shes dead."
"I'll explain later." Dean mumbled, feeling the numbness take over again. Ellen placed the burger by his bedside and left quietly. Dean gently placed his hand on Cas's cheek before he followed Ellen out into the hallway. He walked over to the nurses desk, his insides quivering. "Is Dr. Wright here?" Dean clutched the edge of the desk with shaky fingers and looked up as the doctor approached him.
"Yeah, those pretty blue eyes of yours are pretty striking." Dean gave him a quick kiss.
"Hey you." Dean said, giving Cas an affectionate smile. Cas smiled back as he grabbed his lunch from his locker. "Nope." Dean said, shoving Cas's lunchbox back inside his locker. "You are going to eat some real food."
Dean shook his head furiously. "Not this again Cas. Damn it, I can't just forget about it!"
"I told you that I'd find you." Dean whispered against Cas's cheek. "I promised."
It was usually where no one could see. A place where Cas could easily hide the marks, the scars, but this time his father had forgotten. Or he just didn't care. Cas stood in front of the mirror but averted his gaze. He didn't want to look up and see the fresh scars, the new bruises, the painful remnants of his fathers rampage only minutes earlier. He didn't want to see how ugly he'd become.
"Dean..." Cas looked down at the floor and tried to hold his food down. Even the subject made his stomach roll. "I can't...I have to go back home. If I don't..." He trailed off, afraid of his brother and father's wrath.
Dean wordlessly wrapped his arms around Cas in a hug. "I'll miss you too Cas. Damn it,I'll be worrying about you every second."
It seemed only minutes later when the sun began moving over the sky, signalling it was late afternoon. "Damn." Dean muttered. "I come out here and never want to leave."
"Just nice?" Dean asked with a smirk. "I usually get a lot better than that."
The doctor left and Dean sat there, still feeling numb. Eventually he raised his head and looked at Cas.
"Shut up." Cas muttered, pulling his trench coat tighter around him. "Your a special one alright." Dean said with a twinkle in his eye as he took Cas's hand. Cas smiled down at the floor as they stopped to the door to the computer lab. Dean gave Cas a soft smile, squeezing his hand and then slowly letting go. "Bye."
Dean pulled Cas close and gave him a gentle kiss on the lips. Cas grinned shyly as Dean grabbed his hand and led him out of the bedroom.
"Computer lab, there's some power point project."
They became silent and Dean held Cas a little while longer, not wanting to let him go. "I love you." He finally whispered. "This wasn't exactly the way I wanted to tell you...but I thought you should know."
"Well hey to you too." Cas said with a soft smile, placing a hand on Dean's cheek.
Cas watched him leave as the bell rang feeling utterly confused. People like Dean were usually jerks to him. Heck, people in general were jerks to him. He didn't understand why Dean was being so unusually nice to him.
They had become fast friends, as close as brothers. Benny was the only one other than Ellen, Jo, and his family that knew about Cas. Benny was that one friend he had, that he could always count on, when things got tough, he called Benny. Benny didn't coddle him, or tell him to man up either. Which was exactly what Dean needed, something in between.
"With food?" Cas asked with a laugh as he sat up. "I probably should have expected that."
Dean shrugged his shoulders. "Don't answer the door. I'll lock it and have my key. Don't answer the phone either. If someone wants to get a hold of me bad enough they can leave a message or call my cell."
"It's Cas!" Cas barked with a frown.
Cas smiled tenderly and took Dean's hand. "Everything."
"Damn it Cas." Dean whispered as he stood in the doorway. "Damn it, why can't they just fix you?" He moved closer and wrung his hands. "I thought hospitals were supposed to help people damn it! So why-" He stopped talking as Sam appeared in the doorway.
"So do I." Cas muttered but gave Dean a soft smile.
Dean smiled before kissing the underside of Cas's wrist and placing a hand on the small of his back. "Missed you." He murmured.
"Dean! Wait!" Cas tugged on Dean's hand desperately, causing Dean to turn around and notice the tears on Cas's face. "Just promise me...that if there is a heaven, you'll find me."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cas had been so careful at guarding that secret. Like his life depended on it, because it did.
Dean just wanted to sit there. He didn't want pity and he didn't want comfort. Damn it, he just wanted to sit there and hope everything would be okay. He wanted Cas back.
"Look!" Cas shoved something frantically into Dean's hands.
"Older." Cas left it at that and Dean knew better than to pry. There was a sadness developing in Cas's blue eyes and Dean looked at him with sympathy. "It must be nice." Cas said wistfully.
"You say that now, but later it'll be different-"
"Sometimes I wish I could. Heck, I've been debating that decision way too much the last while, but...she's dead."
"Thank you." That's all he could think to say, because it wrapped up everything into two little words.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
They made it across the yard and Cas slid into his seat with a huge grin. "Oh God, I can't believe I just did that." Dean grinned over at him and pulled out of the parking lot with a squeal of tires. Cas let out a whoop, he felt so....bad ass. It was nice. "Yes!" Cas shouted over the music, sticking his hand out the window and feeling the wind rushing by. He'd never felt so carefree. "Why didn't I ever do this before?"
Dean sat up with a tiny groan and rubbed his eyes. "Sometimes I never want to go to work."
"But....I...."
Soon, he'd lost track of Cas in the dark and he turned in a circle worriedly. "Cas?"
Dean rolled his eyes and pulled into a parking space. "Get some pie."
"They're kissing!" The employee that had rearranged them popped out of nowhere and squealed. "Which totally needs to happen. Like, aren't they just the cutest couple? They love each other so much, I just wish they would make it canon!"
"Maybe your not the I don't give a crap about anything jerk I thought you were." Cas whispered, too low for Dean to hear.
"So would I." Cas smiled and pushed Dean over to his door.
"Morning beautiful." Dean murmured as Cas's eyelids fluttered open.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Yeah, sure." Cas said with a hint of a smile.
"You gonna enter it?"
"Oh...well, thanks. You didn't have to do that."
There were sirens in the distance and and Dean gave a shudder of breath. "Okay, it's okay. Your going to be okay." He reminded himself, feeling a little lightheaded. "Your going to be okay Cas."
"Sammy." Dean looked up as Sam wrapped him in a hug. Sam was the one thing he could count on. When everything else was crumbling around him, Sam was home. Not his mom, or his dad, but his brother.
"Dean and Cas! Gosh, I haven't seen you two in forever."
"Really? Your not upset that it wasn't the real Santa-"
"Nope. If it's bedtime for me then it's bedtime for you too." Cas reached out and snagged Dean's wrist.
Dean looked down at the floor. "Well yeah...of course I worry about you."
Dean smirked. "Sometimes I wonder how you put up with me."
Dean gave him a pitiful look. "I know Cas, soon."
They had been together for a couple of months now and Cas still couldn't believe it. They way Dean made him feel so happy, so protected and loved when he held Cas in his arms. They had fell into such a simple routine of just being together whenever they could Cas couldn't imagine it could ever end. It was like Dean had become a piece of him. A piece he just couldn't loose.
He returned shortly and retook his seat but wouldn't look at Dean. "So are you going to tell me whats up?" Dean asked quietly.
Dean slid into his seat and pulled out of the parking lot, taking Cas's hand gently. "I'm sorry."
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Well I would-"
"Wanna bet?" Dean asked, standing up and motioning for Cas to follow. "Come on." Cas stuffed the rest of his sandwich in his mouth. He then picked up his textbook and trotted to catch up to Dean. "Your problem is that you think schools boring. Well, it is boring, but you don't even try to make it fun-" The bell rang and Dean let out a long sigh as Cas looked back at the school worriedly. "Never mind." He muttered. "Mr. Goody Two shoes better get to class. See ya in history."
"Dean, no!"
Cas smiled over at Dean. "Good, because Dean....I don't want to leave you. I don't want....to be without you...I'm scared....."
----------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dean turned away and walked out the door, knowing that if he stayed any longer he would loose his composure. That wall keeping back his emotions was getting fragile and weak.
"I'm not." Cas whispered.
"I think so too." Dean smiled softly.
"Do you want to come home with me?" Dean asked with a smile, playing along.
"I was so scared she was going to find out." Cas confessed. "She knows my face pretty damn well."
Dean turned to him. "Yeah...I'm good." He even smiled to prove his point. "Why?"
They arrived at Dean's apartment and headed inside. Cas dropped his messenger bag by the door and sank down onto the couch. "Dean?" He called.
Cas couldn't believe it, but someone like Dean had actually chosen someone like him.This stuff only happened in movies, not real life. It was almost impossible for Cas to comprehend what had just happened and what it now meant for them. Heck, Dean was a guy and everything. And he'd chosen him. Cas smiled and contemplated his thoughts, their hands tangled together. That was certainly something new, for Cas to find another man attractive. The surprising thing was that Cas hadn't even noticed until it was right upon him. How close he'd gotten when he'd tried to hard to remain distant. How much Dean seemed to affect him. Cas's happiest times of day were when he was with Dean. It was just beginning to dawn on him. It wasn't the car, or the music or even the time away from his father and brother he looked forward to each day. No, those were just added bonuses. What made him really happy was being with Dean.
"Probably not." Dean admitted as he nuzzled Cas's neck. "Besides, it's Santa spoiling her, not us." Dean teased as he tugged on Cas's fake beard.
"Cas, that isn't even an option. Don't be stupid." Thankfully his phone fell silent. "I'm not leaving you alone."
A few passing students snickered and Dean smiled victoriously. Cas was immediately wary, sure that this must be a sensitive subject. He wasn't sure, but he'd always thought that Dean was straight. Well, until this happened and he wondered the same about himself. "I'll see you after homeroom." Dean said softly.
"It's on." Dean said, giving Cas a confident grin. "I'll go easy on you when you fail helplessly."
The wind ruffled Dean's hair and Cas smiled. "Sounds good." He agreed.
"What?" Dean stood there stupidly, his mouth hanging open.
"Exactly why I'm not going in there." Dean could hear the crappy music drifting out into the mall and wanted to cringe. It was really crappy music.
Dean pinned him down and kissed him with a grin. "You know you can't stay angry with me." He took Cas into his arms and Cas blew a raspberry at him. Dean sat up, still holding onto Cas. "Are we going to try this again?" He asked, putting the flask in Cas's hands.
"Dean, where are we going?" Cas asked with a laugh.
"Dean..." Sam looked like he had bad news to deliver and Dean's heart sank.
When Cas emerged Dean was waiting patiently, tapping his foot along to the cassette playing. "I haven't seen one of these in awhile." Cas admitted as he inspected the monster of a cassette player sitting on the coffee table.
Dean leaned over and kissed him to cut him off mid sentence. "There's no way your asking that the whole way there so please just shut up." Dean placed another kiss in the other mans hair and the ex angel smiled. "You'll love it, I promise." Dean squeezed Cas's hand with a smile.
"Jump?" Cas asked absently.
"That's great."
------------------------------------------------------------------
"Third time in a row it happened."
"Oh, nothing." Cas blushed.
"But it's such a nice, hot ass." Dean came up behind Cas and nuzzled his neck.
"I can't stop thinking about....."
"Can I call you chef Cas now?"
Dean took Cas's hand with a smile. "Your pretty."
"Wake him up." Dean's voice quavered and he hated how weak and afraid he sounded. "Wake him up damn it."
Dean shook his head with a smile. "Nice try, but I'm not letting you leave until you are better."
"Do you have your reindeer up on the roof?" Mary asked anxiously. "I want to meet them! Can I have one for a pet?"
-----------------------------------------------------------------
"I promise." Dean felt the lump in his throat threaten to spread and unleash everything.
Cas's sobs and sniffles slowly lessened until Dean was sure he'd finally fallen asleep. He gave Cas a gentle kiss on the forehead and stared up at the ceiling silently. The Zeppelin cassette was still playing softly in the background and Dean felt tears prick his eyes, but he closed them, letting Cas's rhythmic breathing lull him to sleep.
Cas have a small 'humph' as Dean pulled up a chair. "I want the hell out of here."
Cas let out a sigh of happiness as Dean ran his fingers through Cas's hair. "How about we just lie here forever?"
"Where's your homeroom?"
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Never mind Dean." Cas got out of the car and fear struck Dean.
Dean looked at his brother with shock and outrage. "You expect me to leave him? I can't!"
"I'm sorry Cas." Dean whispered emotionally.
"Cas, I'm sorry. I know your whole world seems to be just falling apart, but it is better this way. They won't be able to hurt you anymore." Cas picked at a thread on the blanket, his composure sullen. "Cas, I'm sorry." Dean leaned down and gave him an awkward hug.
"Are you really magic?" Mary asked suspiciously.
"Dean?"
"Seriously though. And you've lived here how long?"
All because of a spilled glass of water. Cas cringed at the memory. He could still feel the blows to his ribs, knocking the breath out of his as he crashed to the ground.
They soon had a considerable pile and Dean threw in a match, watching as the branches caught and flames ensued. "This is perfect." Cas lie down on the rock with his hands behind his head.
Dean laughed as Cas pulled him towards him and Dean finally collapsed against the bed. He crawled under the covers and hesitantly pulled Cas close. "Mmm." Cas murmured as he lay his head on Dean's chest and threw an arm across Dean's stomach.
"Shh." Dean murmured, hugging his boyfriend.
The bell rang and this time it was Dean who left quickly, giving Cas a small sad smile before turning away.
--------------------------------------------------------
"Here." Dean fumbled around the backseat and gently wrapped Cas in a blanket.
"Thanks." Dean replied graciously, taking a bow. He straightened up and grabbed his car keys and jacket. "You want a jacket?"
"Perfect," Cas whispered, kissing Dean's cheek. "It's all perfect."
"What did she say to you?" Dean asked as he took a giant bite of his burger.
Cas turned to Dean. "But this seems like the sort of store Claire would like."
One landed in Dean's hair but he was able to catch the other. "You'll have to do better than that Castiel." He smirked.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------
"No way!"
"No sweetie, I'll be fine." Ellen leaned down and hugged Dean feircly. "You take care of yourself Dean, you hear me? When your ready, call me. I'll always be there for you."
"Yeah right, you wish."
Cas rolled his eyes and stuffed his lunch bag back inside his messenger bag. "Let's go."
Cas squinted his eyes. "Dean, I need your assistance."
"Cas?" The girl asked eagerly. "Or is it Sam?"
"Cas."
Dean looked at the floor with an ache in his chest. "Cas....I don't think I'll be there."
"Your not the only one." Cas murmured, lazily flexing his foot, which had fallen asleep.
"Yeah.." Cas seemed embarrassed as he opened the compartment and took out a few model cars.
"Have all summer to do nothing." Dean smiled.
"Santa!" Mary squealed as she spotted the red clad man stepping through the door.
"Dean," Sam called, poking his head around the door. "Visiting hours are over."
"No, you go back to work tomorrow." Cas argued.
"Dean..." Cas took a seat on the couch and seemed nervous, edgy. "I don't understand why I...my feelings...but I know I like this-being with you. I don't ever want to loose you. I....I have so many things I wish I could tell you, how happy you make me and how I absolutely love you...but I don't have any words."
Cas laughed and took Dean's hand as they made their way over to the thicket of trees.
Dean grinned and picked up Cas's messenger bag, which had been dropped. "So, where you headed?" He asked, following Cas through the empty hallway. Cas's classmates were long gone.
"Damn good." Cas said, giving him a smile.
"Oh, nothing."
"7 or 8, somewhere around there. Mom walked me through it, told me what to do."
"Shut up you pervert. You have such a sick mind." Cas muttered with a smile. Dean picked up a stick and poked Cas in the leg. "Jesus Christ, no wonder your relationships never last, your always picking on people." Cas laughed, snapping the stick in half and throwing it away.
"Yeah," Cas mumbled, his head clearing. "I'm good, sorry about that." Dean was still looking at him worriedly so Cas kissed the tip of his nose. "I'm fine, seriously."
"It is," Dean agreed. "Peaceful."
He ended up by the turnoff for the falls, but he drove right by. He couldn't, he just couldn't. Nowhere would ever feel the same again because everywhere would remind him of Cas. The falls wasn't Dean's spot anymore, it was their's, and he wouldn't go alone.
"Bio."
Dean shrugged his shoulders as a painful grimace flickered across his face.
"Shut up." Dean smiled shyly as he grabbed his lovers hand. He pulled them both up and pulled Cas to him. "I think you need to slow down on the cookies." He teased as his hand passed over the pillow stuffed down Cas's shirt.
Cas gave him a soft smile. "It's okay."
"Oh, hey."
Benny had been there when Dean was close to the edge. When Dean called up and said that he couldn't do it anymore, Benny was the one who talked him away from the edge. "How dare you even thinking about ending your life, Cas wouldn't  have wanted that. Especially because his was ripped away from him so unfairly, Dean don't you dare, your better than this, your stronger than this." And maybe he was, because he had made it 34 when he thought he wouldn't be able to make it a day.
"Don't worry," Cas piped up. "I'm slowly weaning him off this stuff. It might kill your business though, sorry."
Dean got in his car and drove home, alone.
Cas smiled and pulled Dean closer to him, kissing him on the forehead. "I love you too Dean, more than you'll ever know."
"Don't lie to me." Dean said, his voice low and hoarse.
His car keys fell to the floor with a gentle clang but he didn't notice as he fell to the floor in front of the slumped body.
Cas grinned and spun around enthusiastically, sending droplets of water flying everywhere.
"Cas, what the hell happened?" Dean's voice turned hard.
"Yeah, but there is not much else to do."
Soon Cas was giggling uncontrollably. Dean tossed the empty flask back into his jacket. "Are you....drunk?" He asked, trying to suppress his laughter.
"We should go swimming." Dean suggested sometime later. Cas grinned and leaped up, following Dean to the waters edge. There was a tiny voice in Cas's head telling him not to do this, but he couldn't think of a good reason not to. "Hey, come on." Dean encouraged, shedding his t shirt and stretching his hand out towards Cas. "We'll jump together." Cas smiled and lifted his shirt over his head and stretched his hand out towards Dean's. His hand stopped midway at Dean's gasp. Cas realized what he'd done and wigged back into his t shirt. He felt tears pool in the corner of his eyes and prayed it was just a bad dream.
Dean stopped in his tracks and looked over at Cas in astonishment. "Detention? Who are you and what have you done with Cas?" Cas rolled his eyes. "Seriously though, what the hell happened?"
Dean sighed as he grabbed Cas's hand while they lie in the grass. He looked over at Cas and shook his head with a heartfelt smile. "How can people not love you?"
"Now you need to get to bed so I can place your presents under the tree." Cas watched as Mary struggled to keep her eyes open. He smiled as the child grinned up at him.
"Jesus!" He muttered. "Don't do that."
"Mm?"
Dean looked at him carefully, swallowing another oncoming sob. "I'll find a way to get you out of this so you don't get hurt." He promised. "If it's the last thing I ever do, I'm going to destroy him and make sure that your safe." Cas tried to smile as Dean placed a lingering kiss on Cas's temple. "I promise." Dean whispered, looking into Cas's eyes and causing Cas's breath to catch. "I promise I'm going to get you out of this." Cas gave him a small, mostly worried smile.
"Yes!"
Dean smiled sadly and pulled Cas close to stroke his cheek. "Today was nice." Dean murmured, searching Cas's blue eyes with a smile.
"We need to have a serious fucking talk right now. I can't take this any longer!"
"I don't even have a library card." Dean smirked. Cas nodded and placed the books and his library card on the checkout counter. "How are you getting home?"
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Doesn't matter." Cas whispered and began walking to the bus loop.
When he emerged he noticed the cassette had ended and replaced it. He turned on Dean's laptop and surfed the web aimlessly until he heard a key turn in the lock.
"Dean...I'd like to speak to you if that is okay." Dean looked up with sad, desperate eyes and Dr. Wright stepped into the room. "Dean, I'm sorry to tell you this but these last few weeks there has been no progress and more importantly, no signs that there will be any progress."
"Me too." Dean tossed in a pair of underwear and kissed Cas's palm.
"Well it's laundry day." Dean murmured as he opened the lid and threw in Cas's shirt.
"We should run away and elope. Screw school, screw life, I just want you."
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I agree." Dean muttered.
"It must suck, moving around all the time."
"Ugh." Cas reached his arms above his head to stretch. Luckily, Dean was focused on the road and didn't notice the exposed bruise where his shirt had risen up. Cas quickly pulled his shirt down to cover it up. "Where are we?" He asked, squinting outside.
It was so blunt that Dean was stunned for a moment.
"Thanks Dean, seriously, for everything." Dean gave Cas a wide grin as they pulled into his driveway. "I hope your parents don't mind, it's kind of late."
"Yes." Dean replied, feigning hurt.
Dean clenched his jaw and pulled away, giving Sam a tight smile. His mind and heart were reeling and he felt numb. Like he was disconnected from his body. Like all this was happening to another person. "I think I just need some space." Dean whispered, taking off down the hallway.
"Listen, can I ask you something?" Dean wiped his hands on a rag and went searching through his tool chest. "It's just...you always say your dad. What about your mom? Maybe you could live with her."
"Damn it, I told you not to answer the door!"
This time it was Cas who shrugged his shoulders. "I don't care about school as much as you think." He took a seat at the table as Dean dug out the lone box of cereal.
Cas had been right, Dean Winchester didn't cry, but this. Well it seemed to be breaking all the rules.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Hey."
"Damn it Ellen, he didn't break up with me, he's in the God damn hospital!"
"Although no one around here seems to want to stay long."
"Sorry." Dean apologized, placing both hands on the steering wheel. He glanced over at Cas every few seconds, watching the gentle rise and fall of his chest.
"How you feeling?"
"Cas," The protectiveness in Dean's voice was back. " What is it?
"I'm just saying." Dean said softly. "I hate to see you suffer. Don't you have family, aunts, uncles,grandparents maybe, someone you could stay with?"
"And you don't even have your beginners?"
"Dean, just give me a second." Cas squirmed away long enough to close the lid and push the start button. "Okay." He said as he settled back in Dean's arms.
"Aww, someone to share his classic rock obsession with."
"Nuh uh," Dean replied, pretending to be offended. "What would make you think that? I just don't want to deal with a cranky Cas in the morning." Cas rolled his eyes as Dean tucked the covers up around his chin.
"Ugh, fine." Cas kissed him back and Dean opened his eyes to find Castiel's bright blue eyes searching his.
"I'll pick you up in an hour." Dean pulled away and all Cas could do was shake his head.
Cas watched Dean quietly for a few minutes until he couldn't stand the silence anymore. "Dean?" He asked quietly, taking a hesitant step towards him. Dean looked up, startled. Cas hurried to him and took him in his arms. It felt nice, because it was usually the opposite, but it felt nice to hold Dean, to comfort him. Dean clung to him and Cas knew he'd go to the ends of the earth for the man in his arms. "Hey, it'll be alright." Cas whispered, holding Dean's head against his chest. He ran his thumb along Dean's cheek and kissed the top of his head.
"It was the first time I heard about some kid telling her Santa isn't real."
"Okay then." Dean picked some of the bark off the tree and poked Cas's leg with it.
Dean looked at him out of the corner of his eye. "Oh right, I forgot." They pulled into a repair shop parking lot and Dean jumped out. "Hey," Cas jumped when Dean knocked on his window. "You coming or what?" Cas followed Dean around back where he clapped a, well, he looked like a backwoods redneck, on the back with a smile. "Hiya Bobby."
Dean smiled back softly. "Yeah, I actually probably would be."
"Aww," Ellen cooed and Cas was glad they were the only ones in the diner. "High school sweethearts, that's cute. You have your song yet?" Cas blushed immediately and looked over at Dean. He remembered the feel of Dean's hands on him, the song playing softly in the background and knew his face was beet red.
"I don't care about that Dean."
"Hell yes." Dean laughed. "I can't cook." The waitress arrived with their food and Cas took a tentative bite. "Good, huh?" Dean asked with a huge smile.
They pulled into the parking lot, which was empty of cars. "Shop is closed today." Dean explained as he unlocked the door and motioned for Cas to dump his stuff on the counter. "Will you drive the mustang into the empty bay for me?" Dean tossed Cas a set of car keys and Cas seemed stricken. "Um, Cas?"
"Well so are you."
"Dean, I'm fine. Hell, I've done nothing all day and I'm exhausted. I can only imagine how you feel."
"So, that leaves us with two options." The doctor looked at Dean with concern and took a seat. "This won't be easy to hear and I wish we had more options. We could leave Cas in his induced coma state,although we have no signs pointing to that being a successful option. Or...we could wake him up for a little while so you could....say goodbye."
"Thanks." Cas said, his ears turning bright red. Dean also handed Cas a marshmallow and tossed one into his own mouth. Cas leaned back and admired the stars, finally feeling content. "God, this is nice." He said, popping a golden marshmallow in his mouth.
"My parents?" Dean let out a tiny laugh as he unlocked the door. "I live by myself. I already told you that, remember?"
"You got that mustang?"
"Damn you Cas." Dean repeated. "I..I'm straight, I swear to God and then you show up out of nowhere and...I'm completely lost. You show up and I question what I ever found in other relationships....I want to know you damn it, you and your whole mystery card thing. I want to get closer. I want to be...I want to be that person you can trust. I want to be there for you, I...I want to be with you God fucking damn it! I don't understand but....everything about you....damn it, I want to be with you."
Cas obediently accepted the paper and package from Dean and began folding it up.
Dean laughed again and gently placed a kiss on Cas's forehead. "Thank God your alright."
It felt like he hadn't known Cas for long at all, yet  somehow they had known each other for lifetimes. He had changed in ways that couldn't be ignored, he had been changed by someone he just couldn't quite forget. No amount of alcohol could make Dean forget. Cas's face would appear in the strangest places, out of nowhere really. Cas's voice and sweet laughter could be heard inside Dean's head on a loop. Maybe he would never be okay.
Dean put on a brave face and dug out the next piece of glass, placing a hand on Cas's hip to steady him.
"That I do." Dean smiled, placing a mug in front of him. "I completely understand your pain with mornings."
"Hey." The softness in Dean's voice made Cas's heart flutter.
Cas laughed as he shoved a forkful of pie into Dean's mouth.
Time went by, like it always does. The seasons changed and people moved on. Castiel and Dean were just a failed love story, they happen. Maybe people would speak of their story, but most likely they wouldn't. Dean knew in the great scheme of things, of all the amazing, beautiful and important people in the world, Castiel had been nothing. But to him, Castiel had been everything.
Dean sniffled and then clenched his jaw. "Why? Why the hell him? It isn't fair!"
"Nah, here is fine. Thanks anyway."
"School." Dean replied, pulling into the parking lot with a smirk. "And right in time too." He said as the bell rang. Cas let out a yawn and opened the door, grabbing his messenger bag from the backseat. "We have history." Dean said, steering Cas towards the nearest set of school doors. "Maybe you should start drinking coffee." Dean suggested, surveying the tired look in Cas's eyes.
They both heard the bell ring and Dean cursed under his breath.
"Yeah...but I'm worried about when Dad finds out."
Cas surveyed Dean carefully. "Nothing," He said finally. "Dean, your dead tired. You don't have to do stuff just for me. I think you need some rest."
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
"Zeppelin, I approve." Cas smiled weakly.
"Dean, it's fine. You can't stay around babysitting me 24/7. I don't need a babysitter anyway."
Dean grinned successfully as they walked towards the doors, shoulders bumping. "Exactly, like I said, real food." Cas laughed and took Dean's hand. "You have a nice laugh." Dean whispered, leaning his head close to Cas's. "And a really pretty smile."
"Cas?" A familiar voice asked.
---------------------------------------------------------------
"It's alright," Cas said wistfully. "My house wasn't exactly in perfect order either."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Damn it, I need him."
Dean rolled his eyes and cleaned his plate with a smile. "Alright, I'm never going to challenge your cooking skills again."
Apparently, they both mistook Dean for someone they could push around.
"Maybe I'll be the exception." Cas's voice quavered and Dean hated that he'd hurt him.
Dean clucked his tongue. "Impatient, aren't we?" He opened the first and skimmed it with a smile. "Your in, told ya." He tossed it onto Cas's lap and opened the next one. "Your in, again." He tossed the letter to Cas and opened the last one. "Once again, your in." He tossed it to the side and smiled. "I told you that you didn't have to worry."
Cas stood motionless in confusion, trying to determine what Dean was saying. Trying to make sense of it in his muddled brain.
"Okay."
"Sorry." Dean apologized with a bashful smile. "I usually eat out."
"Dean?"
"Cas," Dean pleaded, pulling into an empty convenience store parking lot. "Please, you can't go back there-"
"Anything....happen?" Dean asked in a low voice. He protectively placed a hand on the small of Cas's back and guided him down the hallway.
"I'll be fine." Cas said, giving him a reassuring smile.
"I know." Cas agreed, letting out a long sigh.
Dean placed his hands on Cas's hips and kissed his shoulder.
Ellen let out a little laugh as she disappeared around back.
"Thought so." Dean replied as he dumped a pile of wood and Cas joined in his search.
"Sammy always get's to bring Jessica, his girlfriend, so I'm bringing you." Dean said with a small smile. "I'm always the awkward one out, the lone one, and it pretty much sucks."
"Not anymore."
"Ooh, are we skipping again? Maybe I am a bad influence on you."
Cas trotted after him and hopped into the car. He put in a Boston cassette and leaned back to enjoy the ride.
Cas kissed her on the forehead and tucked the blankets up around her. "Now, you have to get some sleep."
Dean didn't have the heart to tell her.
"Hey! Cas!" Dean protested loudly.
The principal let out a long sigh. "Alright Cas, you can go to class. Dean, I'd like to see you in my office."
"I'll just walk."
"What?"
-----------------------------------------
"No, it's okay-"
Dean looked at him with an expression of melancholy. "You deserve to be safe Cas and...you never will be with your dad or brother around. I know that now. I won't be able to protect you like I thought, like I promised..." Dean let out a small sob and hung his head.
"I can't."
"So Ellen, can Dean cook?" Cas asked, hiding his smirk from Dean.
Dean place his hands around the exposed part of Cas's stomach and pulled him closer to him. Dean's cell phone rang, loud and clear and Dean shoved his head under his pillow. "Shut up, I'm not going into work today." He mumbled, willing the ringing to stop.
"Damn right." Cas responded, ducking when Dean went to swat him.
-----------------------------------------------------------
"Go to work," Cas instructed, shoving Dean away with a small smile. "I'll see you later."
"How is he?"
"So...they chew you out?"
"It'll be alright boy." Bobby gave him a hug. "I gotta get going, but hey, you need anything, you call me, okay?" Dean gave a slight nod and Bobby gave Cas a nod on the way out.
Sam gave him a concerned look but kept quiet until they pulled up in front of their parents house.
From then on it was a blur. The paramedics arrived and everything then on was fuzzy. Hell, it was all just a blur and this, the waiting, the pain of not knowing. He wished this could seem less real. He remembered the horror and the way Cas's hand felt unnaturally still when he held it on the way to the hospital and the fear and the....
Dean laughed and took Cas's hand, causing him to smile. "So how does it feel to finally be free?"
"But-"
They lay there in a content silence for sometime, drying off in the sun.
"Yeah, canon, like actually acknowledged in the show. Fanfics are nice and everything but seriously, is just needs to be canon already. It's been six freaking years coming! Like seriously, with all that subtext they've got to make it happen. Or everyone will think Supernatural's been queer baiting this whole damn time! It's the greatest love story and it's never been told! Ugh, and everyone thinks all the destiel shippers just want to see two hot guys getting it on but it's not like that. I mean, that would be nice, but their relationship is just so much more! I just need some hand holding and cuddling. I just need Dean to admit that he'd in love with his best friend. They make his character so macho and make it seem that it totally wouldn't be okay if Dean was a little gay for Cas. It would be perfectly fine! They love each other so damn much, anyone can see. They are each others home. Hell, all the things they've been through together and how much they would sacrifice for each other, I just don't understand it when people try to say that they are just friends. It's the deepest kind of love, what they have. Even if they never do admit it aloud or make it canon, we'll always know. Dean and Cas totally and absolutely love each other and it's beautiful."
"Okay." They boarded the bus and Cas was surprised to see Dean take the seat next to him.
"Shut up," Cas muttered but smiled over at Dean. "It's Cas."
"I can't Cas. It's yours, from your dad-"
Dean slowly opened his eyes. "Cas...." He clenched the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turned white.
"Not bad," Dean said with a laugh. "Just 10 years of scraping gum off desks." Cas looked horrified and Dean chuckled. "I was joking Cas, they didn't care."
Dean chuckled. "Come on around back."
"You know, I always wondered," Dean said with a wry smile. "How the hell you could study that crap and how you always seemed so concerned about school and why the hell you cared so much."
"Dean, she thought you loved me back."
He spread out a blanket on the ground and placed the picnic basket beside it. "Okay." Dean tried to help Cas down into a sitting position, laughing as they both lost their footing and stumbled to the ground.
"Guess I'll have to trust you, now here, it's gonna be a long night." Benny threw Dean a rag and a change of clothes.
"I was hoping I'd see you today. Cas seems to be progressing quite well and all signs point to him waking up soon." Dean started to grin widely and the doctor hurried on. "Now, I don't want to get your hopes up. Remember, just because he's conscious....well, it at least will give us a better understanding of his condition, but that doesn't necessarily mean....Dean, I just want to warn you that Cas might not-"
Cas nodded in agreement and pulled their project, which he'd written as a paper, out of his binder and placed it in front of Dean. "Almost done." He said with a smile. "Just have to print off a final copy. I figured I'd let you look at it and see if there was anything you wanted to add or change first."
Cas laughed as he wrapped his arms around her. "Okay, listen." Cas took a deep breath, dreading his next words. "It was me." He rushed out. "It wasn't really Santa you saw tonight,  it was me dressed up in that stupid suit. Dean wasn't kissing Santa at all, he was kissing me."
"Oh-"
"Um." Cas sputtered. He hadn't expected Dean to ever acknowledge him again much less sit down and talk with him.
Cas heard footfalls behind him and then Dean was leaning close to him. He rested his hands against the car to pin Cas there. "Damn you." Dean muttered in a low voice. Cas turned around and was shocked to be face to face with a pair of brilliant green eyes.
"I...I just don't want to spend anymore time around them than I have to."
Two uniformed officers barged past Dean and into Cas's room. "Sorry sir, but we need a statement. The nurses alerted us that he had regained consciousness."
"Speaking of, you decide where you are going yet?" Dean asked as he held open the door for Cas.
"Hey you." Cas looked up and Dean sat beside him.
"I don't have that problem." Cas grinned.
Dean shook his head and dumped his clothes in the laundry basket by the washing machine. "Does the winner get a congratulatory kiss?" He asked slyly.
"Nope." Cas grinned, pulling Dean close and twirling around before they tumbled to the ground.
Cas and Dean finished eating and Jo cleared away the dishes. "Hey Dean," Jo called. "Don't let him get away, he seems like a special one. And bring him around more often would ya?"
"No, I mean I know, it's alright."
Cas looked up at the ceiling. "I really shouldn't tell you you know, all that anger....To be honest, I don't remember much. It all kind of blurred together,I was just sitting there watching some crap documentary on...I don't even remember actually." Cas and Dean both let out a little laugh. "Then dad, he was there and-"
Followed by a kick to the head, which had caused Cas to come to his senses and stumble towards the door.
Dean took a great gasp of air, not seeming to be able to get enough oxygen.
They pulled into Dean's driveway and he shut off the engine, plunging them into silence. "Damn it Cas, I don't want to be without you either." Dean whispered. "I've never been this....needy-dependent- for someone...."
"Well I'm glad your in a better mood now." Dean smirked as he handed Cas his trench coat. "Let's go. We'll stop to get some breakfast on the way."
"I know Cas, but I'll be back, I promise." Dean placed a kiss on Cas's temple.
-------------------------------------------------------------------
"Well so do I!" Cas shouted. "I like them more than you!"
Cas smiled softly and took his hand, running his thumb along Dean's palm gently. "It's alright." He said softly.
Cas nodded his head sadly. "Yeah, I guess I am."
"Then why are you here?" Cas asked pointedly.
"Okay, good."
Dean gave a little shake of his head before smiling over at Cas.
"Come on." Dean coaxed, running his finger up Cas's arm.
"Hey," Sam said softly pulling away from Dean and leaning against the wall. "How's he doing?"
"Mmm, you look good in my clothes." Dean said, pressing their faces close together with a twinkle in his eye.
"I should probably get home." It came out as unenthusiastic as it possibly could.
The first time Dean had stepped inside Benny's garage, it had been almost closing time. "We're closed and booked up solid, if it's an emergency I suggest taking your dam car somewhere else!"
Mary's face lit up as 'Santa' approached her and bent down to hug her. Mary wrapped her arms around Cas's neck as he picked her up. "Santa I've been really good all year, just ask Dean!"
Life seemed hopeless really, but still he found a way to make it through each day. Maybe it was hope. Hope to get out of his house, hope to get out of this town. Or maybe it was revenge. Pure, hatred driven revenge that he wanted his brother and father to experience the same pain they made him experience.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean took the box from Cas's hands and placed it back on the shelf. "Cas, that doesn't matter buddy." He tried to reassure his friend but he knew he hadn't helped much.
"Ah," Cas heard static and then Dean's voice again. "Sure." He yawned again. "Where you at?"
Dean looked down at the table and smiled. "Cas, this is Ellen. Ellen this is Cas." Ellen gave Cas a wide smile and Cas felt himself warming up to her. She seemed like one of those people you couldn't help but like.
-------------------------------------------------
"No, I'm 4." Dean replied in a child's voice.
Cas held him back tightly, wondering how he could have been so stupid, so oblivious. How his head could have been up in the clouds so much for this to happen.
"I guess so. He helped me rebuild it and said I could have it. Of course, after all the work I put into her, I wouldn't let anybody else touch her." Dean smiled at this part.
"Hey." Cas responded with a small smile.
"Yeah, actually." Dean said, shifting slightly to wrap his free arm around Cas. "I was going to talk to you about that. Sammy's birthday is in a few days and I wanted to know if...you'd want to come. I mean, it won't be much, he's having his party with his friends or whatever later, but we always do a little thing with the family."
"Hey, I didn't think you were that bad."Dean said with another shrug of his shoulders. He waited until the teacher turned her back and balled the flyer up and threw it into the wastebasket.
"You going back after lunch?" Dean asked once they arrived at the falls.
"I can study in the car." Cas complained with a pout.
"Dean, it's the slimmest of chances, basically nothing. Even if he did miraculously pull through, I doubt he would be the same. There would most likely be permanent damage to the brain. He wouldn't be able to live a normal life, he-"
"I'm good, thanks." Cas was shy enough walking into school with Dean's clothes on, let alone his prized leather jacket.
The older shoved Cas, causing him to fall back and smash his head against the wall. He slumped over, unconscious. "Shut up you worthless piece of crap."
"Are you ever going to get out of bed or do I have to get some ice cubes?" Dean threatened, leaning down to shake Cas's shoulder.
Dean pulled Cas up with him as he stood up. He wrapped his arms around Cas's waist, resting his nose against Cas's. "None of this changes anything Cas. Your still  damn beautiful to me." Then they were dancing around. Twirling and twirling to Zeppelin drifting out of the car and Cas couldn't help but let out a carefree laugh as the tears dried on his face.
