?” He almost begs. Not that he doesn’t appreciate his teammates and friends trying to help, but right now Steve only has one sub on his mind.
“Captain Rogers, hi!” Her hand is warm and firm, and she’s dressed impeccably. Steve isn’t entirely sure how she’s managing to walk in those heels, let alone stand (he thinks that she’d get on famously with Nat), and he takes her hand with a warm smile of his own.  “I’m Pepper Potts, Tony’s executive assistant, personal wrangler and exasperated right hand.”
“Oh?”
Well, fuck.
” Nat agrees as she steps forward around Steve.  “Natasha, hi.”
Tony rips the ear piece out and throws in on Pepper’s desk, clearly angry at whoever he’d been speaking to. He doesn’t seem to have even noticed Steve yet, so he takes the opportunity to look before he’s seen.  Tony is wearing black pinstripe slacks with a matching waistcoat, and a white shirt open at the collar, just like he had at the dinner. This time though, there’s a scarlet and gold striped tie at his neck that Steve assumes was tightened properly and straight when he started his day, but has clearly been tugged at and loosened as the day has gone on.  Tony’s hair is wilder than when Steve had first met him, and he’s clearly been running his hands through it, probably out of frustration. His eyes are flashing with an angry energy and Steve wants to reach out a hand and put Tony on his knees to calm down and
“Steve.”
Steve glances over Todd’s shoulder and suspects that the elevator is the Stark’s own private access as it’s set away from the main elevator banks and behind the reception desk.
OK, so 10% was wildly optimistic.  Good to know.
Steve watches as Tony saunters away, a swing in his hips that wasn’t there when he walked over. The little shit is doing that purely for his benefit, and Steve’s smile gets broader as his eyes follow the young sub across the room. He takes in the beautiful curve of Tony’s back as it narrows a little at the waist just before the swell of his ass. And boy, that ass is...it’s fucking perfect is what it is.
“People keep asking me that,” Steve tilts his head as he watches Tony’s body language.  He’s open and engaged, but he’s also very clearly ready to run or fight if he perceives Steve to be any kind of threat.
“Jarvis,” Tony interrupts and gets into a crouch.  “Sometimes you gotta run before you can walk.”
“Oh I’m sorry, did I step on your moment?” Natasha’s grin is far from innocent as she passes Steve a fresh beer.  Tony sees Steve roll his eyes at her and then exchange what looks to be an entire conversation in a just series of wordless looks.
to be paired off with a stranger. She would absolutely not see her precious Anthony go through what she had with Howard. Tony would be free to find his own bondmate, or for his bondmate to find him, but he would not be forced into something that he had no choice in, she would not allow it.
“Have you considered Sarah from weapons tech? She’s cute,” Clint suggests while they’re eating dinner at the Avengers compound. Steve rolls his eyes because apparently, they’re still doing this.
He very quickly revises that thought.
* * * * * * * * * * *
So he’s going to try and put all his nerves and doubts to one side and be Steve Rogers, Alpha Dominant tonight. He’s choosing to wear the same blue three -piece suit that he was wearing the night he first met Tony, but with a very pale pink shirt that has fine silver pinstripe shot through it.  Clint said that the whole ensemble makes him look softer and more approachable, which is exactly the kind of image he wants to convey to Tony.
“Nice to meet you Cap,” Tony grins, still not breaking eye contact.  Not that he thinks he’d be able to look away if he wanted to, because his eyes seem to have locked on to Steve’s and don’t seem to want to let go.
OK, so it’s a teeny, tiny lie, but it’s the best he’s been able to come up with without having to say that he’s been a coward because he’s trying to figure out his feelings. He’s Captain America, it’s a likely story, and he hopes that Tony doesn’t see straight through him.
“Has anyone ever told you what a brat you are Tony?” Steve is grinning now.
“That’s great Tony,” Steve says eventually, his voice rich and low and Tony shivers because oh, that’s
After nearly three days, Pepper arranged for Tony to be moved to the mansion as she knew he’d be more comfortable there, efficiently organising round-the-clock medical care  and transport. She’d asked Steve if he’d wanted to come with them, but he’d declined. The mansion was Tony’s home, and he didn’t have the sub’s express permission to be there, to be in his personal space. Pepper said she understood, and that her asking was essentially as good as Tony asking, but she couldn’t change his mind. He didn’t want Tony to wake up and discover that an unbonded Dominant, and an Alpha at that, had been in the space of an unbonded submissive without that sub’s direct permission.  Pepper had hugged him and thanked him again, and then made him promise to visit the mansion when Tony was awake and able to proffer the invitation himself.
“I’m not sure what you expected Capsicle, but I am
Anyway, enjoy. Also, i'm a slut for any and all feedback so hmu.
“Pepper, please. And I can assure you it’s not all true.  If you’d like to follow me? Tony is just wrapping up his call, but you can wait in my office,” Pepper turns and heads back towards the corridor and Steve follows, but stops next to Katherine’s desk.
“Oh, that much is obvious,” Steve shoots back, but his smile is still genuine which is, huh? Tony didn’t expect that. Usually when he’s compared to Howard he only sees disdain on other’s faces. And then Steve adds:  “You’re much more fun.”
Steve can see what she’s doing, and smiles into his phone because she’s sneaky as hell. And he knows that he’s not the best person to do what she’s asking, not while he’s still trying to work through how he’s feeling.
Stark Tower? That big ugly building in New York? Yeah, it's not so bad.
“Did they get him?”
“Isn’t it?” Pepper smiles as she follows him to stand beside him.
“What did you say slut?” The Dom says and starts to stalk towards Tony, anger flaring in his eyes and Tony is rapidly sobering up and looking for an escape route.
of all people. Tony thinks that maybe he’s pushed it too far as he gets pinned under Rogers’ blue gaze, something flashing across his face that Tony can’t get a read on. Then he throws his head back and laughs, a real, genuine laugh that comes from deep in his chest, and Tony feels a warmth spread through him, because he was the cause of that.
“Let ‘em in J,” He pushes the welding mask up as the door to the workshop slides open and the pair walk in.  “Not that I don’t love seeing both your pretty faces, but to what do I owe the pleasure.”
“The brunette with the purple glasses?” Steve grunts as he smashes another group of the tentacled menaces.  “She’s cute, but she’s not really my type.”
like my father,” Tony says harshly, his eyes hardening.  Always in Howard’s fucking shadow, never seen for himself or what he can do.  He’s the fucking CEO of one of the biggest companies in the world for fuck’s sake, not just Howard’s wayward submissive child.
“So you’re the famous Tony Stark,” Steve says,  eventually letting Tony’s hand go. The brunette notices the loss of heat.
Steve presses his thumb to the glass pad on the device and it scans his thumb print.  A small rectangle of card comes out of the back, and Todd takes it to slip it into a plastic card holder that has a clip at the top and hands it to Steve.
His father has given up despairing about what might happen to his son and moved straight to quiet, seething resignation. Howard used to try to make Tony see that his behaviour was wrong and obscene, but as frustration grew at his son’s increasingly outlandish actions, he got nasty. Drunken beatings became the norm, but still Tony wouldn’t listen. His mother, Maria, tried a different approach, and Tony seemed to listen for a while, always keen to make his mother’s life a little easier, but it hadn’t lasted of course.  Even Howard threatening Tony with being forcibly bonded to Obie, the Stark Industries ‘Right Hand’ didn’t seem to put a dent in Tony’s lifestyle. So now, Howard just ignores his son, only interacting when absolutely necessary. And it was pretty easy to ignore someone when you lived in the Stark mansion: four floors of rooms plus a basement to get lost in.
Or rather, Hawkeye doing his best to hold The Black Widow back from trying to shiv someone with a broken glass.  Rhodey watches as Falcon gets himself in between his teammates and the guy that has really just fucked with the wrong people and yup, there’s Captain America.
“No,” Tony sighs and gives up trying to solder the wires in front of him to finally meet his best friend’s eyes.  “Although, I'd pay good money to see that.”
..He knows that Steve is a supersolider, but six punching bags in 48 hours? That’s...that’s actually really hot. He also makes a mental note to look into designing a punching bag that will stand up to a supersoldier sulk.
He lets his eyes wander over the crowd by the bar and in the room, and it's the same people as always. They’re all Dominants, all puffed out chests and overly red cheeks. A fog of cigar smoke hangs in the air above their heads, and the smell of expensive liquors and oak panelling fills the rest of the space. The white noise of separate conversations are a background hum and Steve really is trying to look and sound interested in the conversation he’s supposed to be taking part in with the three Generals standing with him, but he just doesn’t give a fuck. He’s bored out of his mind and he wants to go home. He might swing by Sam’s place on the way back, see if he wants to order a pizza and have a few beers. The food they serve at these functions is the type that's all show and no substance, and Steve has a supersoldier’s metabolism.  He made sure he ate a Steve size portion of food before he left for the function, but he’s going to need to eat again before he goes to bed. He gets his phone out to shoot Sam a text and ignores the disapproving looks of the men around him.
He walks through the enormous entrance hall, shoes clipping against the marble floor, and strides over to the reception desk. It spans almost the entire back wall and is manned by no less than six people, all dressed in smart black suit jackets and ties.  As he approaches, the man at the desk smiles the same, bland smile that most receptionists have until he realises who Steve is. Then the smile turns excited, as it so often does. He’s a switch Steve thinks, because he doesn’t lower his eyes  and incline his head like a sub would, and nor does he straighten up like a Dominant would.  Steve discovered fairly quickly that most businesses employed switches for front desk duties as they were more or less neutral and non-threatening. This particular switch has pretty eyes Steve thinks, and his smile is warm and genuine. His name tag tells Steve that his name is Todd.
“I’m still sorry. I should have come to see you and I haven’t, which is wrong of me,” Steve is determined to try and put it right, no matter how much Tony says it’s OK.
Tony stops pulling and they both turn to see most of the crowd on the dancefloor looking towards the bar, some of them pointing.
This chapter has graphic descriptions of attempted rape/non-con, physical assault and vomit so for the love of Odin, PLEASE don't read it if any of that is triggering for you.
“I like it. Fabricate it. Paint it,” He looks at his watch and shit, he needs to get his ass moving if he wants to go and make himself look good enough to eat before Steve comes to pick him up.
The 3 other Dominants standing with the Captain literally stop breathing. Who does this kid think he is speaking to a Dominant like that? And to
“Oh man….”Sam laughs as he looks at Tony, who looks confused and a little hurt to be laughed at.  “Don’t worry, he never says anything bad about you Tony, I swear.”
When Steve reaches the penthouse floor, the doors slide open to reveal a plush reception area with a deep, scarlet carpet, a couch in a rich, dark brown leather with matching chairs all with throw pillows that match the carpet, and lots of glass and chrome. It reflects the outside of the building, but the carpet and the splashes of colour from the seating area all make it feel less harsh, less clinical. A brief moment of comfort before the storm of a board meeting.  There is another reception area, but this time it’s an elegant chrome and glass desk topped with two computer screens and a keyboard with one person sat behind it. There is a wall of glass to the right of the seating area and Steve can see the boardroom behind it, the high backed leather chairs empty now and the three enormous flat screen televisions black. Behind the receptionist there is a well lit corridor with the same scarlet carpeting and several doors along its length.  It’s all quite sedate compared to the lobby downstairs, and Steve suspects that only a select few get to see this floor. He knows that a floor or so down from where he is is a whole section of meeting rooms and boardrooms, which is as far up in the building that he’s been until today. R&D are on the bottom 5 floors, as well as 3 floors of basement. S.H.I.E.L.D. has its own floor above R&D so that they can work directly with S.I. on specialist weaponry, and the rest of the tower is for all the other departments of Stark Industries.
“Tell you what, I’ll go shower IF you say yes to going out tonight,” Tony points a wrench at Rhodey, who rolls his eyes.  “Let’s go out, find some company, get wasted and be thoroughly debauched?”
Steve has been to Stark Industries many times before, but this is the first time he’s actually been looking forward to it.  The tower dwarfs the buildings around it, a gleaming shard of glass and chrome soaring upwards to the sky. Steve used to think of it as grotesque, a sharp reminder of a New York that he no longer felt part of. But he has an artists eye and he’s come to appreciate the different architecture of the city, how the history of New York can been seen from building to building, old nestled against new, somewhat like himself. Stark Tower is a shimmering behemoth, a monolith of the Stark empire.
“Tony c’mon, lets go,” Rhodey knows he’s going to lose this fight, but at least he can say he tried. He gives up and lets himself be dragged through the excited crowd to where the Avengers are, bracing  himself for whatever Drunk Tony is about to do or say. At least he’s sober so he’ll be able to step in when he needs to.
This is the first meeting more from Steve's POV. I wanted to lay the groundwork before i get properly stuck into the meat of the story.
As such, I don't really feel that inclined to finish this. I want to, but being plagiarised by someone who is making money off of my work, work that I do for free because I love the characters and love fanfiction, has really taken the wind out of my creative sails.
He looks fucking
“Let's get this hooked up to the gauntlets and boots Jarvis. Daddy wants to fly.”
“Mm-hmm,” Steve rumbles and turns his body towards Tony so that he’s leaning on one elbow and pressed even closer. God, he’s beautiful, Steve thinks as he takes in the flush rushing up Tony’s whole body.  He brings his other hand up to push a wave of Tony’s hair back from his face, fingers skimming across his ear and settling at the base of his skull, huge and warm. He lowers his head even further until they’re almost nose to nose.  “I always take care of what’s mine.”
“Five days,” Rhodey answers and rubs his face.  Tony hums in reply and then a silence falls over them.
Steve turns and is stunned to find Tony standing, swaying a little. And god, he looks
Urgh..... I rewrote this chapter like, a bajillion times because i just wasn't happy with it. I'm still not, but it's about as good as it's going to get. Our boys are meeting again and i wanted so much for it to better than it turned out.
“It’s a free country
“Please?”
Clint, Sam and Natasha come to see him too and they play poker, all sat cross-legged on his enormous bed. They bring donuts with them and they tease him -  it’s nice Tony thinks. They make him laugh and they don’t treat him like he’s made of glass.
“I’m always OK,” Tony pastes a smile on his face, but knows that Rhodey can see the dark circles under his eyes, the sag of his shoulders, and knows that he’s lying.
Tony is nursing a sore shoulder and an even sorer ass after crashing through the roof of the garage when he got back from the suit’s maiden voyage (Howard is going to go fucking
Rhodey, I need it,” Tony tries not to plead, but fails miserably.  “I just...I need…”
“Colonel, a pleasure,” Steve smiles and takes the proffered hand to shake.  “And don’t worry, we get it a lot. Just not from the CEO of Stark Industries.”
Rhodey is
be expecting.  He puts his class down on the coffee table between them before very slowly unbuttoning the cuffs of his shirt and rolling back the sleeves to just below his elbow. He then rests his elbows on his knees and steeples his fingers, and he does it all without breaking eye contact with Steve. Tony knows it’s a massive risk, but when has he ever been one not to flirt with danger?  An unbonded sub rolling up their sleeves in the presence of a Dominant, any Dominant, is an invitation. It’s akin to a dog rolling over and showing you its belly. It’s exposing a part of the body where a Dominant puts symbols of ownership, things like cuffs and rope. Tony wants to see what Steve’s reaction is, how he’ll handle it.  Not only is the Captain a Dominant, he’s an Alpha. Showing Steve his forearms and wrists is a test, a challenge, and he wants to figure out what his motives truly are. It’s also a test of whether or not Tony can trust him. He watches as the blue of Steve’s eyes are swallowed by his pupils and his throat bobs as he swallows. Tony notices a twitch of fingers and thinks that maybe Steve’s body is telling him to reach out, to take, to claim, but he doesn’t.  He stays perfectly still in his chair and calmly brings the glass in his hand up to his lips for another sip, hands completely steady, his tongue chasing the amber liquid on his lips. He lets the silence between them stretch on as the air in Tony’s office starts to feel heavy, starts to close in. Steve can wait him out and he can already see Tony second guessing himself. It’s delicious. One of Steve’s favourite skills as a Dominant is his love of making a sub wait, of stretching out the anticipation as long as he can and letting the atmosphere around them fizz with it. And he’s thus far never been the one to give in first.  He can make it last for days if he wants to.
Unbeta'd because i didn't to burden her with this clusterfuck.
come back to me until they’ve agreed to at least 17%.”
* * * * * * * * * *
Tony can feel the panic rising and he concentrates on his breathing and Rhodey’s reassuring presence, filling his senses with the Dominant. Then he notices Rhodey’s scent: metal and autumn fires.
“Good afternoon Jarvis,” Steve smiles at the roof of the elevator. Fury had told him that J.A.R.V.I.S. was an A.I. (and hadn’t
Everything that Steve says in this chapter about being a Dominant is the same as my own beliefs. I've been a Dominant now for nearly 20 years, and i truly believe that submission is a gift that should be treasured and nurtured. Fuck all that 50 Shades abusive bullshit, that is NOT what BDSM is about, not even close.
Steve looked up from his sketch, heading to open the door, his chin dropping. "Tony? Oh, my Lord above, what happened?" He tugged Tony carefully inside, looking him over.
“Then what's your question?"
Tony snorted out a laugh, rolling his eyes fondly. “Anything I can do to help?”
Tony let out a moan “Yesss” he groaned, grinding back again.
"Thank you" he smiled, patting Tony's shoulder. "Want dessert? I made key lime pie earlier.
“S-Sorry” He offered softly, blushing
Tony gave him a tony smile “Now is fine”
Tony groaned inwardly when Steve walked in those jeans and tank. This man was going to be the death of him. “Hey there Cap.” He said, getting back to what he was doing
“Thank god” He breathed, shifting to help him get the pants off, arching towards Steve’s mouth and moaning.
Tony forced himself not to flinch at the yelling, he hadn’t been properly yelled at in years. “I’m not useless!” He finally yelled back before turning on his heels and storming off. He was headed to avenger tower to lock himself in his lab. He was going in blackout mode and threatening to disconnect Jarvis if he let anyone in.
Steve groaned, leaning to rest his forehead on Tony's shoulder. "Tones..."
Tony sighed again That'ss Just usually what people want ya know?" he said, with a shrug.
Steve smiled nodding. "I'll teach you as much as I can. Do you want to now? Or after you're healed? "
Steve smiled, hugging him for a second before straightening up. "Okay, plant your feet. After you grab my arm you bend your knees to get your shoulder at least mid-chest, ok? Then yank as you stand up to guide me over your shoulder. Ready to try again?"
“Fuck me.” He groaned. Steve pulled back just to snap his hips forward. Tony moaned out, scrambling to get a better hold on the sheets. “God yes.” He whined. Steve reached up, pinning Tony's shoulders down as he started a hard, though slow pace as he slammed into Tony, twisting his hips. Tony whimpered and whined out moans and little noises “Steve.” He whimpered “so good” he groaned.
“Because you’re right.” He sighed like it hurt to say that. “I need to learn to fight”.
“As long as it’s blue so it matches your eyes,” Tony said with a laugh. “Need any help? I think I’m part human now.”
Tony squeaked, doing as he was told “Fuck, that was hot” he groaned, diving back in for another kiss, letting Steve just throw him around like he’s nothing.
"You could if you ate more than once every 36 hours." Steve pointed out. "You don’t have to finish it, Tony" Tony huffed and stuck out his tongue childishly at Steve.
“Why do you want to know what I want for breakfast? Surely you’re not cooking again?” He asked incredulously
“No. I’m good.” He said absently, concentrating on perfecting his trap, and shrugging Steve’s hand off automatically.
"Thought I what?" Steve frowned
"And let you refuse to ever talk about it again? Yeah no," he crossed his arms. "We will talk now."
"Sure. It’ll keep as well, if you end up not wanting any tonight" he assured the genius. Tony sat and talked to Steve for another hour or two before they went their separate ways for the night.
Tony tried to suppress a shiver “I’m great.” He mumbled with a sigh and attempted to push off Steve but stumbled slightly.
“Apparently” Tony breathed out, shivering at the name before latching his lips onto Steve’s neck. Steve groaned, letting Tony continue on the short walk to his bed before he all but dumped Tony into the sheets. Tony flopped back, looking up at Steve with a lustful gaze, licking his lips in anticipation
"If you're a good boy" he grinned. "Do you want me to massage the muscles lose?"
Tony nodded “We can get everyone together tomorrow and decide what we want. Steve put a plate full of food and a small bowl of salad in front of Tony. Tony looked from the food to Steve “I’m not Thor you know?” He chuckled “I can’t eat all this”
slowly, emphasizing what he really meant to Steve and just confusing Tony. “I can do it,” Tony said forcefully.
"You were really pale"
"What about that Korean barbecue place?" Steve offered, getting Clint on his side as the archer just wanted Asian.
"Why on earth would I say that? Are you ok?" He gently guided him to the kitchen, taking out the small bag of frozen peas he had, pressing it to Tony's eye.
"We aren't quite sure, Clint is still out in medical. This,
Tony laughed at Steve’s joke. “Ahh!” Tony breathed out, arching his back.
Tony huffed, crossing his arms over his chest defensively “You can save the
"Don't be" he murmured "I'm no saint" Steve assured him. Tony bit his lip and rolled his hips again, letting out a quiet moan
Panic crossed his face for a moment “Oh no. Nat likes me better.” He said with a smirk.
Tony was in the field Sure, but his job was to sneak around and place his devices around the thing they were fighting, in order to create a forcefield and trap the creature. He was doing a good job of being silent while the others fought to distract it. It had already knocked down Natasha and they were holding Bruce back until they had enough information. So that left Steve.
"Can we talk?" Steve asked.
Tony rocked back onto the finger “I need you Please Steve” He whined, begging Steve to add another
Tony glared at the ceiling “Traitor” He huffed.
Tony did, punching again as hard as he could. "Tuck your thumb by your fingers, not in them" Steve reminded him gently. "Again." Tony nodded, fixing his thumb before he started swinging at Steve. "Good! Perfect. You learn very quickly" Steve beamed, praising with each correct punch.
Tony had been walking beside Steve and he stopped to tie his shoe. Before he even got the strings in his hands good something came out of nowhere hitting him in the arm, causing him to fall to the ground, clutching his shoulder and letting out a string of curses.
"I'm too tired to yell" he admitted. He hadn't been sleeping well. "I just...I don't want to be a one night stand "
Tony groaned “that feels amazing” he moaned out, arching slightly. Steve bit his lip, trying to tamp down the surge of arousal that curled up his spine as he worked out the knots, scooting up a bit more as he trailed hands up Tony's back. Tony let his face fall into the sheets “Jesus Steve.” He groaned “Your hands are magic”. Steve's mouth was parted as he moved, fingers kneading firmly as he memorized each noise Tony let slip. Tony let out a soft whimper when Steve his a particularly sensitive area. “You’re too good at this” he groaned appreciatively. Steve swallowed hard, moving a bit so he was straddling Tony's lower back. Tony bit his lip to keep any more obscene sounds from coming out as he arched shamelessly into Steve’s hands
Over the next weeks, Tony spent a lot of time with Steve. The blonde making sure he ate and slept somewhat normally and keeping him company in the lab. Right now, though, they were in a conference room that Steve had all but dragged him and Fury into. Tony had his elbows in his hands. Watching the two arguing like a ping pong match.
The scene finally ended, thank god. The next one was Teenage Tony coming home with an obvious black eye and busted lip. Howard, obviously drunk already berating him. "You can't even throw a punch." He grumbled "Useless" he muttered, putting his glass down. "C'mon boy, I'll teach you to fight." It moved on to Howard's 'teaching' style that ended with tony having another black eye and a bruised rib.
Steve let his face show his shock. "Tony..."
“I don’t think I can eat anything else right now, maybe in a bit?” He said, getting up to put his dishes and Steve’s into the sink.
"I need you to assemble." He said immediately "All of you." He said, looking between Steve and tony meaningfully. Steve's face showed hi sc fear for Tony, not thinking as he pulled the other close.
Tony wiggled again under Steve, brushing him a few times in the process, groaning when he felt Steve's hands go from massaging to just rubbing his back. Steve sucked in a breath as Tony's ass rubbed against him. Tony heard Steve and decided to do it again, rubbing his ass up towards Steve’s intentionally. "Fuck, Tones." Steve groaned. That one had definitely been intentional.
Tony stood there, in the darkness, watching his memory like it was a play going on right in front of him. It was Howard yelling and telling him how useless he was before throwing a glass at him that he barely missed. Then it switched to him in his room, asking his captain America poster if he really was worthless like Howard said. Tony wanted to look away, close his eyes but it felt like he physically couldn't. Couldn't talk, couldn't yell, couldn't escape. Just had to stand and watch.
” he grunted, rolling his eyes and almost pouting. “They wanted money. They got money and apparently had to give me a black eye and some bruises on the process” he complained.
Steve tossed his head back to laugh. "Think I could pull off the frilly apron?" He grinned as he turned back to the waffle machine, absently checking the strawberry compote he was making as well as the bacon.
"Hey Tony" Steve smiled, heading over. "So, where you want me" Tony’s brain went over a thousand places he’d like to have sex with Steve in his workshop. Most were not very safe places for those type of things. Tony just cleared his throat and pointed to the couch in the corner, fighting his blush down.
"I upset you. I don’t know why, but I did" Steve said.
Tony's eyes widened "W-what?" He asked again "I-I didn't...I-I mean...I thought y-you..." He floundered
Steve's eyes watered, burying his face in Tony's neck. "I'm not disgusted and the rumors are partly true. I'm bi."
Tony’s eyes widened slightly, mind racing at the thought that Steve COULD throw him over his shoulder. It took him a moment to get his body under control enough to speak. “O-okay” He agreed, running at Steve to try to grab him Steve moved slowly once he felt Tony's arms around him, flipping Tony up and over his shoulder, absently cradling Tony's head so he didn’t smack it when he landed on his back, using the momentum to swing a leg over Tony, straddling his waist with his forearm over Tony's throat, not even his forearm touching skin.
“Don’t you dare Jarvis,” Tony said but not before Jarvis had started speaking.
“Fine Fine.” He said placatingly “You’re welcome to watch me work,” he said with a shrug, getting up and walking towards the elevator. He usually didn’t want people in his lab. They usually worked in Bruce’s lab when they collaborated, but he has a feeling Steve being there wouldn’t bother him.
Tony rose up to meet him instinctively “Tsk tsk,” Tony said breathlessly “That kind of language from America’s sweetheart” he scolded playfully.
"Fuck, you look like pure sin too" Steve groaned, yanking off his shirt before crawling up Tony.
Steve's smile grew into a beaming grin. He really did love it when people ate his food and when he was able to take care of them. "You're welcome. Do you want waffles or crepes for breakfast?"
“Everywhere.” He sighed “Going to kiss it better?” He teased, taking another bite of toast
"One more, doll" he promised, tucking the fourth into him, wanting to make sure he was good and stretched. Tony moaned shakily, legs already feeling like jello.
"I've got you" he whispered, slowly moving up to his thighs. Tony sucked in a breath, biting his lip and forcing his body not to react to Steve’s hands. Steve moved slowly, moving to straddle Tony's thighs, working on kinks on his lower back.
There was an attack, Clint was hit and now in medical, recovering and Thor was off-world, they were short two Avengers. Fury had told everyone that he wanted Tony to be in the field, not to fight but to set a parameter around this monster to trap it. Steve almost had an aneurysm. Now here they sat, Tony had a front row seat at watching Captain America argue with his superior.
“S-shit” Tony moaned loudly when Steve’s fingers hit just the right spot, arching his back in response.
Dinner went great, they all had fun, laughing and talking and just spending time together. They were all walking back to Avenger tower because it was a pretty night. Steve smiled at his friends, ambling along closer to the back.
Tony had never really seen this side of Steve, felt like the blonde was flirting with him. He really liked it. “Less talking, more massaging.” He pouted. Steve chuckled, grinding his thumbs into another knot. “Steve” Tony whimpered our breathlessly, blushing when he realized what he’d sounded like
Tony let out a soft moan, shivering at the feeling of Steve’s breath on his ear “Id like that” he murmured without even thinking.
Steve clenched his eyes shut at the mental image of Tony bent over that workbenches. "I can see why then"
"Bullshit" he snorted. "What can I do to help you here? I know if I leave, you're going to hide for days and I won’t have you back to those self-destructive eating and sleeping habits
hit him with some kind of ray and he promptly passed out." He said with a sigh "Physically he seems fine" he added, "We will just have to wait for him to wake up." Tony nodded.
Tony frowned "I went to the lab. I-I didn't want to wake you." He said in a soft voice "And as far as the other part, I figured you didn't want your business out in the open."He said, another shrug "I'm sorry, steve" he finished in a tiny voice.
Tony rolled his eyes. "What's going on Fury?" He asked, ignoring the blonde as much as he could.
Tony ate good, leaning back in his seat with a groan “I’m stuffed, that was great Steve, thank you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Which was why even though it was not the same lake, he would go to the place of Tony's burial whenever the pain and guilt got to be too much to bare...When he needed to feel at home again.
“The question is, what? And why
"Just say yes!" Janet exclaimed in exasperation.
"Tony" Steve called out again, this time not even trying to disguise the irritation in his voice as he stood with his arms crossed over his chest.
Steve wanted to believe otherwise, but deep down he knew the truth.
“Ay. That we did. Kang being the dishonorable warrior he is used some device to freeze us momentarily in time instead of combating us directly” Thor sneered in disdain.
? Really? His Sharon flirted with him...But it just didn’t feel right with her being Peggy’s niece and all...
But even the promise of a life with Peggy waiting for me back home wasn't enough.
Steve looked at his mentor in disbelief, the burden and guilt of his sins finally falling away from him as if someone had unlocked the chains wrapped tight around him.
"Grow up Clint, Kang could come back at any moment. We need to start formulating a plan, not passing out the popcorn" Bee-Lady chastised, sounding exasperated at us all.
Can’t you see he’s trying to reach out to you?
what to say.
"Grief and regret easily clouds the judgement of even the most logical...But it is hope that blinds" Adam warned.
She used to do that with him and Sharon to encourage his counterpart to just call her...Why did she shift game plans?
Oh God
"You did what you did because you felt alone. That you didn't have anyone to rely on and that's on me" Steve declared, pushing right back.
Steve's eyes widened as he skidded to a halt, "Dr. Erskine".
Suddenly a... jolt, rippled through his being.
The man was rugged and swave. Brilliant and not afraid to go explore the world, heart condition or no heart condition.
"Well one of us has to have a social life" Natasha retorted playfully, giving Steve a knowing look as she poured herself a skillfully crafted martini and took a sip, "Though I hear you finally have plans"
"I did" Reed assured.
Steve closed his eyes with a frustrated exhale, "Not that"
Or did the TVA trap his soul in some kind of twisted jail reminiscent of the nightmares Wanda had plagued his mind with all those years ago?
Steve couldn't help but mentally slap himself for not seeing his and Tony's relationship for what it was earlier.
I continued to stare gravely at the black screen.
The sound of ice rattling around like maracas snapped Steve out of his daze.
Suddenly a flicker, a glint sparkled before the sun's rays finally caught the Tower's emblem at just the right angle, reflecting off of it like a mirror.
Steve's tail swished back and forth in contented leisure as he rested peacefully atop the spacious cushioned couch Tony had added to his lab for the rare occasions he actually made his way down there.
“The input streaming into his mind is potentially damaging. He may not be able to discern what’s real and what’s not. You have to come to terms with the possibility that he-”
And now I'd doomed them.
Dream him was everything he had wished he could be. Tall, muscular, an able-bodied military man, and even a superhero.
While Steve had to admit that Tony's concerns held some merit his patience was wearing thin.
Don’t you touch him!!
But after being forced to relive the memories of a non-animal version of himself and watch him essentially fail at life, Steve came to the conclusion that ignoring his instincts, like the other him had, would only lead him to disaster and unhappiness.
Sadly though the adventurer never attended any of the events the Magazine invited him to.
I grinned at his joke...and realized that I still hadn't taken my hand off of his shoulder.
And he wanted to see his friends and family again.
"You died" Tony stated, his voice small and broken in a way Steve had never heard before, "You died"
Pulling back sharply Tony stared at Steve in concern, "Steve are you okay? You know who I am right? That this is universe 10208?"
Steve gave the agent a slow hesitant nod.
There was no way he would
Nobody said a word for the first few seconds after the screen turned black, waiting with bated breath for my reaction as I processed the contents of the villain’s demands.
I held my hand out to him in a silent request to help me to my feet.
"Trust is illogical" Kang retorted reflexively, "Though Kang will concede that without previous data to go off of it is reasonable to be skeptical of my claims"
"A wise deduction" Kang calmly replied.
His ideals were from the forties. His dark humor and rigidity portrayed him as inflexible and not very open-minded (But at least he didn't pretend he was something he wasn't like the other Rogers). He couldn't make his relationships with women work. The one child he didn't even know he'd had turned into a psychopathic killer…
"Steve" Tony exhaled, his voice little more than a whisper, as if speaking any louder would mean Steve would disappear.
"Yeah…" Tony said slowly, his mental processing slowing increasing each moment he was awake, "It's good to see you Steve"
Okay so this chapter is quite a bit longer than my other chapters, so make sure you read everything!
Reed had recommended that he rest as Earth-199999's cross-dimensional interference had placed a heavy strain on his mind, but he'd obstinately refused.
"With your help of course" Loki mockingly thanked.
“And I’ll go make sure he doesn’t get sidetracked” Janet exclaimed with a fond knowing smile as her wings lifted her up into the air and after Hank.
Space.
"The leading authority on waiting too long".
Steve shivered as his mind replayed his...the shield breaking the RT-the arc reactor into pieces.
And another.
Flat surface, thin mattress, slight aroma of sanitation and chemicals. The med bay?
"Yes...I believe it is"
Steve tried to swallow around the lump in his throat as his eyes raked over the form of the man he had killed.
His heart pounding in his chest, Steve made his way toward the familiar silhouette, his blood pulsing in hope-filled anticipation and nerves.
And Tony Steppe was
"Tasha" Steve exhaled in desperate relief, immediately (and carefully) lunging forward to grasp her in a tight hug around her chest, pulling her back onto the bed and clinging to her with no intention of ever letting go.
“Captain Rogers, leader of the Avengers but please, just call me Steve.” There’s a tiny twitch at the side of Rogers’ lips, and a twinkle in his eyes that Tony thinks might be the start of a smile.  He knows he’s got balls of fucking steel walking up to an Alpha Dom like he just did, but Rogers...
“That’s not a no.”
"Apologies gentlemen, Avengers business,” Steve says, trying to look sheepish as Sam replies almost straight away with a yes. ”Never off duty.”
“Pepper said you needed a trainer,” Natasha says succinctly as she approaches Tony to give him a hug.
“I’m gonna make sure this fucking hurts slut,” The man growls and Tony screws his eyes closed, wishing for unconsciousness to pull him under, drown him so that he doesn’t have to be awake for this. He hears his pants rip and feels air against the naked skin of his ass and the top of his thighs. Then he hears the belt followed by the zipper of the man’s jeans being undone before a dry finger is shoved into his opening making Tony scream and struggle. It burns, and the shoulder of the arm still being held behind his back feels like it’s about to pop out of its socket as he tries to break free. “Fight all you want you little cunt, this is happening.”
and he goes boneless. He burrows deeper into the warmth and keeps his eyes closed. There are hands on him again, but they’re gentle, kind. He thinks he’s moving but it could be because his head is swimming again, and his innards suddenly try to crawl out of his throat. He lurches to the side, not wanting to throw up on the safe, warm mass underneath him and empties the contents of his stomach onto the floor of the bathroom. He hears it splatter on the tiled floor and tries to say sorry but his voice sounds strange in his head, slurred and mumbled. The arms around him tighten a little, holding him closer as he feels his mouth being wiped with something and then he’s moving again.
more fun that he says.”  Steve snorts at that and Tony turns to look at him.  “What’s so funny, Spangles?”
* * * * * * * * * * * *
,” Tony grins maniacally and grabs hold of his friend to try and get him to join in.
Tony is totally going to go over and get all up in Rogers’ space, because of fucking
“HOLY SHIT!” Tony’s eyes go wide and he slaps a hand over his mouth as he realises who Steve is standing with. “BLACK WIDOW! AND HAWKEYE!” Clint waves at him with a lopsided smile.
Anthony Edward Stark is a brat.
“Thank you Jarvis.”
It also affected how i indentified within the BDSM world, having always been a switch up until that point. Since then, i've only ever been the Dominant one. So Steve in this fic is, more than likely, a bit of wish fulfillment on my part that one day i'll find someone similar. So please , all blond Adonis supersoliders, form an orderly queue.
Yes J-Man, there is,” Tony smiles then because yeah, this is gonna be awesome.  “Show me all the files you have stored on the Iron Man project.”
Pepper just
“Tony has asked me to find him someone to help get him in better shape,” Pepper says one afternoon, after she’s updated him on Tony’s healing.  “And someone to teach him some basic self defence moves. Wouldn’t happen to know where I could find someone like that, would you?”
Tony blinks at the Captain, his brain desperately trying to keep up.
“No,” Steve says and the tone in his voice brooks no argument.
Steve grinned. "Well, some of it is for me, but there’s a lot for you too."
“Waffles,” Tony grumbled
"Mhm, I saw that panic" he laughed "another doesn’t have a body"
Tony drug himself into the common area, yawning and half awake, searching for coffee as usual." Morning Cap." He greeted sleepily.
"O-oh" he choked out. "I'm sorry you had to see those", He said in a quite voice. "I just couldn't let it hit you, once fury told me what the ray does"
The next morning found a very sleepy tony, he’d actually slept more. He was now sitting on a barstool with his head down on the countertop while Steve cooked. Steve chuckled softly. "Coffee is almost done." He reminded, keeping an eye on the carafe as he cooked.
Steve just raised an eyebrow. "Before the omelets this morning, how long had it been?"
"I dont. I was very hurt when I woke up to you gone. Especially when you acted like nothing had happened" Steve explained.
(See the end of the chapter for
They were together in each of them.
I swear Sam better not let Clint live his alternate self's sense of fashion down.
'Maybe they're all color blind?' I thought offhandedly, completely relaxed with the invader's presence.
he here?
But even making all the 'right' choices I still didn't have the true happiness I wanted.
And he was.
Siberia had opened his eyes in more ways than one.
The feeling of his stomach dropping out from under him as the news told him Tony was gone. And the crushed hope that Tony was okay and on the other line,
The flashes and scenes. The emotions.
Well what'd you know, they got their happily forever after, after all ;)
...But now wasn't the time.
snarked back.
And what did one of the episodes of Days of Our Lives say again? Love was love. It didn't always need to be labeled.
“Kang then went on some rant on how yet another Captain America was destroying yet another timeline, or universe or whatever and decided that he needed to inform the Council of Narcissism so that they could deal with the matter” Janet relayed with an unimpressed scoff.
Tony leaned tentatively forward, closing the little remaining space between them.
Sam understood what I'd done from a psychological point-of-view.
"Project Rebirth" Stark cut in, his expression stunned, as if his eyes were laying upon Steve for the first time.
“Kang supposes a tactical retreat would be the most logical course of action...
"He thinks I'm going to leave him for Pepper, have his baby and name her after a cousin that's tried to kill me God knows how many times" Natasha deadpanned, her voice completely serious.
“The best heroes always make a good entrance” the Blue Eyed Tony exclaimed, a cheeky grin on his face.
I had abandoned them.
Steve strode forward until he was near flush with Tony's chest.
Maybe that's why I had gone back in time to the day I had promised Peggy our dance.
"Don't just sit there!" Bucky exclaimed.
The desert. The burial grounds if he was correct.
"I've taught him all that he knows. I'm confident he'll be a good lead" Peggy chimed in, sounding highly amused.
What?
(See the end of the chapter for
…He was…beefier than I'd expect…And taller.
those things?
“Oh thank god” Clint exhaled.
without him.
Of course that also meant that his death, their War, was likely the last thing Tony remembered.
*Earth-90214 (Noir)
Again.
"Wait?! What did you just-"
“What’d you mean?” Steve inquired, crossing his arms across his chest.
"Yes we are. Look, I don't know what's gotten into you, but it's me remember? I did everything I did because I thought I knew best. That I would do it all over again. SHRA.
“Okay okay.” He said defeatedly, getting up and heading for the elevator
Tony sighed. “If I Tell you I won’t go then will you please leave,” He said defeatedly
Steve smiled, kissing his shoulder. "You're amazing."
Tony couldn’t help it, he snorted out a laugh at the memory “I vote Thai” He said jokingly
Steve cursed, slamming into him as he came, filling him up
"Take off your shirt and lay on your stomach on the chaise. That way I get to both sides," he instructed. Tony nodded, stripping his shirt as he was told, laying down. Steve grabbed some lotion before patting Tony's shoulder, slowly starting to rub his arms. Tony groaned at the feeling of Steve’s hands on him, unable to keep himself from arching into the touch. "Mmm, they're bunching for sure" Steve murmured, finishing Tony's arms before moving to his calves. Tony let out a soft whine, his leg muscles were hurting but he knew they’d feel better when Steve was done.
“S-Steve.” He whined softly, rolling his hips again, gripping the material under his fingers lightly.
"Of course, I am." Steve cocked his head to the side.
Tony snorted out a laugh "I kinda figured"
"Go on and yell. You probably want to." Tony said with a shrug and a chuckle, gathering everything they needed.
Tony huffed. “Who says I’ll be up here during breakfast?” He counters
"With me" he panted, upping his pace, hands moving down to Tony's hips to yank him onto his cock.
Tony had gone up and taken a shower and gotten redressed, this Time in just pajamas and a tank top. He then came down for his coffee. "Morning Cap." He said with a friendly grin as he started the coffee pot. Steve grunted, still upset that he was apparently just another notch on Tony's belt. He did, however, still cook for the genius, sliding the plate in front of him. Tony said his thanks, nibbling a little at his food before heading back down to the lab. Once in the elevator, he let himself fall back against the wall of it with a sigh. Did Steve regret it? Is that why he seems so upset? Tony shook his head, exiting the elevator and beginning to work again.
"Then obviously you've not had a proper fucking" Steve grinned, eyes darkened even as he forced himself 'down'
"I want to help you learn to fight. Help you protect yourself. I don’t want you hurt at all." Steve explained.
Tony downed the rest of his cup of coffee before getting up “I eat them either way.” He said with a shrug, grabbing plates and everything else Steve mentioned
Tony’s heart stopped for a moment he froze before whirling around and snatching his arm out of Steve’s grip, stumbling back a bit. “Don’t do that!” He said with a frown.
"Mmm, want me stretching open? Filling you up?" He lined up, teasing Tony's hole with the slick head of his cock.
It was the next night when Tony decided he was going to walk back from his late meeting, and that was just a bad idea altogether. Once tony got back to the tower he went straight up to Steve’s floor and stood at the door to his room, deciding what exactly he was going to do. He finally sighed and knocked lightly.
"Not going to" Steve whispered back.
"Like pure sin."
"Mmm, I won't for now," Steve said. Tony made a happy noise, shifting a little to get more comfortable and Steve kept up his motions, rocking into each rub as he found another knot.
Steve grinned widely, leaning forward. "Then eat up and we'll go take care of you"
Steve grinned, looking Tony up and down the blush on the mechanics face just causing him to want to splay Tony out on that couch he pointed to. And see just how many licks it took to make him fall apart. Instead, Steve nodded, his grin having a hint of mischief to it as he turned to flop across the couch. Tony turned back around, immersing himself in his work like usual, forgetting that he had an audience.
Tony huffed “I’m always a good boy,” he said and was about to reply ‘no I’m fine’ but it came out “Yes please” He even groaned the words.
Steve hummed, keeping an eye on him as he ate. "Where is sore?"
"C’mon" Steve nodded, smiling. "Let's head to the training rooms,” he said, leading the way. Tony let out a shaky breath and nodded, following Steve to the training room
But watching each easy breath fill Tony's lungs gave him a sense of relief he hadn't felt in years.
Captain America?
Suddenly the darkness surrounding him flashed white.
I groaned at the noise. Everything was too loud.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why are you here?" Steve demanded suspiciously, gritting his brittle teeth so hard they felt as if they'd crack at any moment.
For a moment Tony said nothing. Just stared at him with an incredible amount of relief that made Steve's chest hurt at the implications of it.
You always survive
that to happen to them.
Stark was serenading
“Steve’s not crazy!”
Technology had always fascinated him after all.
“That is correct Anthony Edward Stark 616. While the Chronomonitors had alerted us to Steve Rogers 199999’s infraction, the Judges were content to let Earth-199999 destroy itself and inadvertently solve the issue of the cross-dimensional disruption. However Civil Warrior of TRN634 confronted us with the case and convinced the Judges to send myself and Justice Love to arrest Steve Rogers 199999 while the Chronomonitors start on stabilizing the flow of time here” Justice Peace explained, sounding as if he was reading off a grocery list.
“Don’t waste it”
He wanted the chance to say those words to Tony.
"And you're sure the connection's been cut?" Natasha inquired skeptically.
have your back. Didn't trust you when I
He was wrapped in bandage cloth and-
"Don't ease up!" a similarly familiar commanding voice echoed throughout the room.
"I'm...back" Steve declared hesitantly, his words sounding weak and unsure to his own ears.
"Each and every one of us has a dark side...Even the most honorable can forsake their morals when faced with a crossroad" Adam defended, hoping to get Steve to understand his concerns.
Said couch was perfect for his 'cat-naps' though he hated it when Tony or anyone else called them that.
"There's the Stark I know" Steve stated, amusement laced in his tone.
For the most part my expression was impassive, gazing at the blank screen with a contemplative sad acceptance.
"I don't think anyone would ever mistake you for anything less than a man's man Darling" Tony assured him, his calm nonchalance setting Steve at ease.
He knew his days were numbered.
“Thor head to the Baxter Building now. We don’t have time to wait for Reed to get here himself” I heard Tony command.
. There isn't much of it, but I felt the warning necessary.
After what seemed like hours Steve finally pulled away, his and Tony's breath coming out in heated pants as they both greedily took air into their lungs, their faces still no more than a few inches apart.
No...He desperately prayed that he would.
A lot of time.
I couldn't help but crack a smile at that.
STOP!!!!!!!!
...He did have a nice ass.
"I do" Steve exclaimed, making Tony's eyes snap back to his in confusion.
“Whatever it is, the Avengers will handle it together” Peggy declared, stooping by his side, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder.
Suddenly the Time Fog puffed, red illuminating through it as it surged forward.
Suddenly the world vibrated.
Thump.
"Exactly" Reed confirmed.
It didn't matter that Tony had said that he had been his role model. That there'd been pictures of Tony in a Captain America costume.
Bringing his hand up over his eyes to block the input he blinked rapidly, extending his other senses to catalog his surroundings while he was temporarily blinded.
Of course the only reason that bothered Steve
Steve couldn't help but let out a pleased sigh as their lips met for the first time, reaching his hands up to grip Tony's shoulders possessively.
“Too soon?” she grinned, her nose crinkling in amusement as she gave him a soft smile.
Kang didn't so much as move a millimeter as a glowing green dome appeared out of nowhere, successfully shielding him from the onslaught.
But that's why they call it a sacrifice isn't it?
And his instincts were telling him that Tony was meant to be
Steve clenched his teeth.
"Then fix it!!" Natasha demanded furiously, "Separate the frequencies from each other! Now!"
The two of them destroyed streets. Buildings. Towns and cities.
Unlike him, the Steve of that universe hadn't been able to fully let go of what could have been.
The people may have been real...But it was not the life he had lived.
"Apparently Stark is attending the Magazine's latest publicity event. Probably has to do with his latest and greatest campaign against the Nazi's of the world" David informed him, a mischievous sparkle in his eyes.
I’m over one hundred years old and up to my neck in the grave, I’ll joke in the face of my killer if I damn well want to.
Steve paled ghost white as all the blood drained from his face.
off of him.
Steve could feel that his counterpart hadn’t wanted Tony to leave. Tony had given him a home (like Bucky, like Peggy)...Only for him to leave him behind too.
They were just too different and…….they just didn't have that spark.
He truly prayed that Tony didn't secretly resent him.
Risking a glancing into Not-SHIELD Steve's pointedly accusing eyes I knew the very answer in the depths of my soul.
But he was still angry, let down, and in disbelief that I could be so selfish.
Of course there wasn't anything he could do about it now.
I have so many regrets, amends to make, and mistakes to fix.
A much fluffier ending this time around <3
'Yes'
"I wish the both of you the best of luck" Adam stated, removing his hand once he knew Steve was once again fully aware.
"You're okay with this?" Bee-Lady questioned, sounding both incredibly sad and worried.
And he was right.
"I love you" Steve declared, not an ounce of hesitation in his voice.
It had been so easy to manipulate the world with pretty words.
She was his wife and she was
Hi all!
"The Gems are their own Beings. They are...finicky. Temperamental at best depending on the wielder. Even a hero with tales heralding his exploits may not be deemed worthy" Adam clarified.
Where Steve had expected to see anger or impassiveness, or even denial at his accusations, Tony's eyes reflected something far worse.
“Humph. You wouldn’t have a head if that were the case” Hulk scoffed.
Steve felt like he was being dragged. Yanked in one direction to the next.
That he wasn't the 'real' Steve Rogers.
"......We were dating?!!" Tony exclaimed in a guilty panic, finally snapping out of his shocked reverie, his mind racing as he thought back to every interaction between him and Steve in the past years, "All those times we played basketball, went out for burgers and hung out at the park?!!"
He felt gratefulness. A possibility...But not the spark he’d felt his counterpart have with Peggy. Or with…
As i said, the warnings for this chapter are loud and clear to only read if you think you won't be triggered.
Steve just hums and keeps looking into Tony’s eyes, delighted as he watches the brown being swallowed by black. Leaning as they both are, they’re touching almost all the way down one side and Steve inches the pinky on his hand next to Tony towards the other, brushing the side of his hand. He watches as Tony’s lips part a little then as his bottom lip get caught in his teeth.
, all Steve did was look at him, what the hell?! That’s the Alpha in him, clearly.  It’s like he made the entire room fold in around them by just his presence and one look.
too fucking sober for this…
Now that he knows the thrusters and stabilisers work, Tony sets about putting together the whole Iron Man suit. As the parts each slot into their places, the suit starts to take shape and Tony’s excitement builds. It takes him almost 36 hours and a fuck ton of coffee to finish, but when he’s done, the suit is standing in the middle of the workshop looking sleek and gorgeous and Tony thinks he’ll never love anything like he loves what’s standing in front of him. It takes his breath away.  He doesn’t know how long he stands there, DUM-E and U either side of him, but he eventually gives himself a shake and decides that now is as good a time as any to see not only if the suit fits, but if it works. He steps forward and starts the complicated task of actually getting into it. It takes a little time, and he’s pretty sure he’ll have even more bruises than normal after he’s pinched his skin a few times closing and locking various parts together, but he gets there with the help of J.A.R.V.I.S and the ‘bots.
Rhodey is currently regretting every single one of his life choices.
“He’s not ignoring you Tony,” Clint says softly, and Tony isn’t sure he likes the glint in the archer’s eyes as he says it, like he
“Tell me.”
“And no-one thought to record any of it for me?” Tony jokes.
“The more pissy you get, the more Tasha is gonna kick your ass,” Clint says as he drops down from the window to join them on the mat.  “It clouds your judgement. Y’gotta let it go man.”
Rhodey and Steve kept a bedside vigil, sleeping upright in the hard plastic chairs supplied with the room.  Rhodey had gone back to the mansion a couple of times to shower and change, but, like Pepper, he’d been right back as quickly as he could.
“Boss,” Pepper nods and goes back to her computer.  Steve watches Tony close his eyes and breath in deeply, blowing it out and giving himself a shake.  When he opens his eyes again, he startles when he finally sees Steve standing at the window.
“What the
Steve tilts his head to one side as he considers Tony, the twitch of his lips slowly becoming more of a smirk as he takes in the fire in Tony’s eyes, the jut of his defiant chin.  He’s young, very early twenties he thinks, and very, very pretty. He does remind Steve a little of Howard, but he’s definitely inherited Maria’s stunning looks.
Seeing the man in the flesh is ...well it’s quite something.  The man is
“You? Sitting still?” Tony snorts.
The swim back up to consciousness is long and tough, like he’s moving through jello, never quite making it to the surface. He dreams of dark eyes, bathroom tiles and blood as he screams into an echo like chamber of nothingness. He dreams of bright blue eyes and roses bathed in sunlight. Those are the nights that his sleep is long and dreamless, when he hears voices, murmurs in the dark that sound familiar and comforting, but he can’t place them, not yet. He dreams of calm, cloudless skies the colour of blue that reminds him of something else that he can’t quite remember. He watches as equations take the place of the stars in the night sky, laying out neverending wonders before him, stretching out forever as he runs after them.
when he gets home later), but he’s so high on the feeling of flying, and the suit actually working that he doesn’t care. He knows he needs to go and get himself ready for dinner with Steve, but there’s just one more thing he wants to do. The shining silver of the suit isn’t really...him.
“Can you guys please just
I can confirm is wholly true,”Tony says, wiggling his eyebrows at Rogers because fuck it, why not?  Flirting dangerously? Yeah, Tony knows how to do that, it’s second nature. “You should swing by my office at SI, let me show you just how much fun I can be.”
.”  He revels in the full body shudder and sharp intake of breath that his words and the tone of his voice get him.
It’s Tony.
“So she called in the Murder Twins?” Tony shakes his head because of
Because only his hands were the right hands.
Adam was silent.
Tony slowly nodded, almost like he was moving through molasses. His eyes still unfocused and glassy.
“This is a delicate matter. One that differs from when you had shared a body with Ultron. I can’t guarantee that separating him will be painless. It isn’t like closing a door”
Neither of his alternate selves had the courage to take what it was that they had truly wanted.
Of course Tony would know about that.
His wife?
It took a moment for Tony to recover from Steve's unexpected action, but when he did he returned Steve's hold with earnest, getting the distinctive feeling that Steve was only barely being held together by the seams.
"So killing Steve wouldn't do anything" Carol hypothesized, trying to follow Iron Man's logic.
'Looks like I'm gonna be leaving you all again' I thought regretfully as Kang charged the hand cannon in his suit.
No. No. It sounded like people.
was the fake. The one that didn't belong.
Pathetic.
To see if what could've happened if I had made better choices than I had here.
“Ay. I do not believe confronting my Father would be a fruitful endeavor either” Thor agreed in disappointment.
Blink. Blink. Blink.
"He's about to die anyway, what does it matter?" Not-SHIELD Steve callously reminded him.
"The soul gem desires souls" Adam continued, testing the broken man before him, "Tell me. If you were willing to let the world burn in your division, than what would you do to bring him back to you in order to become whole once more?"
He'd created a fantasy universe.
Let him help you.
“You get used to it” Sam grumbled.
Any other day the reminder of how Tony violated his volition would have sent him storming off in righteous indignation...But now...Now he knew it was just Tony's cruel way to avoid digging deeper, letting Steve see his regret. His pain.
"Marry me" Steve firmly proclaimed, not an ounce of hesitation in his voice as he announced his intentions aloud.
Would that have happened to them?
An embarrassed heat rose against Steve's neck.
Next up is Earth-8096 the Earth's Mightiest Heroes universe!
Miraculously he felt a shift.
To be fair he
"I was not initially" Adam conceded, his expression hard to read as his feet made touchdown.
He'd stubbornly stood his ground without giving so much as an inch.
to throw Howard in Tony's face during their split because of Ultron.
Though not even that woke Steve from his horrors.
Steve stood unmoving, posture rigid, hands folded behind his back reminiscent of a military stance as he watched the gold of the sun creep up along the horizon. It's rays reflecting off of the windows and steel of the buildings and skyscrapers surrounding the Tower.
It was meant for
Steve blinked in surprise.
“Now is a death glare any way to thank the people that traversed time and space to save your asses Snowflake?” Blue Eyed Tony teasingly exclaimed, not sounding concerned at all with how Bucky still had his finger on the trigger of his rifle, pointed to the ground or not.
And he had to adapt once more when half the universe's population had been Snapped away.
This wasn’t good. At this rate of degradation it was only a matter of time before another fight began and our common goal lay forgotten.
So naturally after an hour of failing to coax Tony away from his holotables the unexpected delay was starting to grate on his nerves.
He knew that Tony wouldn't have had the chance to tell him his alternative idea to have all the heroes register with him instead of the government, and thereby completely circumventing a majority of SHRA's human rights violations.
"Who the hell do you think you are?" Sam demanded furiously right back.
The same Soul Stone he'd left in an entirely different
Images of fire and rubble dancing behind his eyes.
"You're from one of my universe's branch realities" Steve realized with a start, the answer to Loki's living presence smacking him in the face, "You're the one who got away with the Tesseract"
Against Tony.
"He could've had you by his side" Steve declared, turning his head to face his lover.
It was almost painful to watch the Steve of that universe struggle with his own feelings between Peggy, Sharon, and Tony.
But Tony wasn't here to clean up his mess this time.
A solution.
"I've been told I'm pretty spry for a man my age" Steve playfully countered back, lightly scratching at the tips of Tony's fingers with nails.
We complimented each other in a way that just worked.
Steve turned to Tony with a look of such grief, such disbelieving awe that it stunned Tony silent.
'He'll be as he was' She warned him (tested him).
Hi All!
Thump.
“So what’s the plan Cap? Are we going after Kang or what?” Clint asked.
This time
He had it all planned.
He had years to fully accept his hand in everything that had happened between them. To let go of his amnesty.
how to feel about that.
"Wha-You just. Nev-Never mind. Forget I said anything" Tony declared shakenly, pushing off of the desk to make what Steve could only assume was a hasty retreat.
“More likely to our very universe itself” Thor (Jane Foster) corrected gravely.
world.
Stark comically froze in place, looking ridiculous with his wide eyes and dust covered suit.
Funny how under the guise of a walking red, white, and blue flag the world was so quick to agree with Hydra's ideals for a "better, nobler, truer" world.
“I will ensure the kitchen stays intact until your arrival” Vision relayed before floating off.
It was Stark's voice calling him.
* So I know that Steve isn't actually in Marvel Noir...But I couldn't resist creating a way for his character to fit in that universe. (David Bond isn't officially in Noir either but I think I worked his character into the universe well too - and yes that is actually what Xavier's is called on Earth-90214).
But it was Tony's voice that had echoed in his ear.
He had a chance for a healthy life here in the future.
own being. A shadow of
But he'd selfishly pursued what he wanted all his life (minus a specific married man), and if he couldn't have what he wanted in his time, he would get it in another.
He'd been holding onto all his resentment for
Because of
He never had the pleasure of seeing The Tony Stark blush before.
to happen.
Tony no. You’re so much more.
“Love you too honey bear,” Tony huffs and lets Rhodey hug him from behind.
“Clint tried but…. Tasha,” Rhodey chuckles and yeah, he wouldn’t fuck with the Black Widow either.
“Pep, if Ben calls back today, tell him I'm not available. For the next decade. At least.” Tony instructs Pepper and Steve sees her roll her eyes.  Clearly this is nothing new. “And see if Sodi’s has a table for tonight.”
“Thank you Katherine, i’d love one,” Steve smiles as Katherine comes around her desk and gestures to the enormous couch.  “A Doppio please, no sugar or cream.”
He only sees flashes when he manages to break the surface, snapshots in time. Sometimes it’s dark and he sees only shadows. Sometimes it’s too bright and he falls back again, shying away from the light. He remembers soft touches to his hands and face, gentle murmurs. There are times when the hands are firmer and they roll him, shifting him around. He feels sharp stinging pain and the wetness on his cheeks as he cries. He hears the sounds of machines beeping, muffled and syrupy. He remembers the smell of clinical things, alcohol and metal. Then that smell of sandalwood and cinnamon again and he tries to chase after it, tries to reach for it and the warmth and safety he associates with it. The smell of summer rain and lilies is there more often than not, as is the aroma of metal and autumn fires. He knows those smells he thinks and knows they’re safe. There are new smells too mingled with the familiar: vanilla and spice as well as citrus and gunpowder and then coconut and engine oil. He finds them all comforting:
J.A.R.V.IS. throws up the display of three possible ideas, all floating in blue shapes in front of Tony who immediately hones in on one of them after glancing them over.
Right now he’s stuck at yet another dreadfully dull industry function that his father had told him (by fucking email) that he had to make an appearance at because there are lots of military bigwigs here and he had to to the schmoozing on behalf of SI. Urgh, all these assholes are the same: bloated, preening Doms in dress uniforms with too much meaningless metalwork gleaming on their chests, all butting heads for Tony’s attention with wandering hands and scotch on their breath. Tony hates it.
Tony can feel his knees weakening with every word Steve says, the  deep, rich tone that seeming to trickle down his spine like treacle. He can’t stop the shiver that ripples through his entire body at the use of his full name and since when was that even a thing for him? Maybe it’s just when Steve says it
“Pretty sure I’d have a job finding it,” Tony leers back, dragging his eyes down to the man’s crotch then back up again.  The man’s eyes have gone dark, dangerous and Tony makes a mental note to have a harsh word with his brain-to-mouth filter later if he makes it out unscathed.  This is getting scary really fucking quickly and he prays that someone is going to need to piss soon because there’s no way he’s going to be able to keep this guy off him if he has to fight. The atmosphere in the bathroom changes in an instant and Tony doesn’t know he’s been punched until he feels the searing pain across his cheek as his head snaps to the side from the impact. Time stands still for a few seconds, then everything starts to happen as if it’s in slow motion. He sees another blow coming but can’t dodge it in time and he feels the world tilt to the right before the white, blinding pain of the side of his head meets the solid mass of the basin. He doesn’t have time to try and right himself or to scramble away before another punch lands, smashing his face against the basin a second time. Then he’s being dragged up upwards by his hair and thrown towards one of the bathroom stalls. Tony stops himself from going face first into the toilet bowl by putting his arms out in front of him, but he feels the jarring of muscle and bone as he catches himself. The man follows him in, hauls him up by the back of his shirt and slams him into the cold tile of the toilet wall face first and locks the stall door with his other hand.
