Tony just smiled, something warm and fuzzy coursing through his veins, and he relaxed in his seat, staring at Steve's profile as he was wont to do when Steve drove, and he had just started to rub a hand over his belly when the song changed, and Steve let it play for all of five seconds before he said, "
" JARVIS replied, and Barnes looked up at the ceiling and frowned or glowered or… whatever. Clearly, being Hydra's pawn for seventy years must have fucked him up, because he had one hell of a miserable look on his face most of the time. Eh, maybe 'miserable' wasn't being entirely charitable. 'Disgruntled.' He had a disgruntled look on his face most of the time.
"How else were you planning on getting clothes?"
She shrugged. "He's seen me once or twice, but I don't think he recognizes me."
"So?"
team, and he wasn't the one that had pulled the team together to begin with. Colonel Fury had been the one to do that, hand-picking them for something he called the 'Avengers Initiative.'
"Look, uh... I've kind of been on... I haven't been as active with the team as—"
"Time Warner?"
"No, I'm not saying—"
He put a dash on all the lines to indicate zero because, yeah, this was definitely the first time
The clerk nodded, and he reached out and began to toy with a pen on his desk, almost like it was helping him to think, before he said, "So, why not wait until this
"I don't know. Side of the highway in some godforsaken part of the state up by the Finger Lakes. There was a former SHIELD safe-house—"
Tony heaved out a breath and murmured, "Well, I guess it couldn't
"Yeah?" he glanced over to her. "Well, I wasn't about to sit around on my ass while my tower was being attacked."
Tony sneered a little but said nothing, and Bruce turned back to the brat.
Well, he did have a point.
"No," Barton muttered. "Even Cap's not that corny."
Tony frowned at what he saw on the plate and said, "Hey! I got ice cream to go with this! Where the hell is the ice cream?"
"So," Natasha said, and Tony could tell by her tone it was a complete change of subject, "you can feel the bond, huh?"
Steve shook his head. "Just when it's born, and I made an honest fella out of you."
"He's also from the forties. He'd probably expect you to stay home and be some perfect little housewife."
Tony exhaled a sigh. "Not going to give up, are you, old man?" he muttered then said, "She's been ours from the start."
Tony reached out and patted his arm. "Good man."
"Shh!" he said through his laughs again and pointed into the living room. "Bucky—"
"I know," he murmured just as Barnes began to wheel something aflame out of the kitchen.
Steve responded by slamming Stark against the edge of the table. He pinned him there, Stark sandwiched there between the table and Steve’s front as Steve used one hand to hold Stark’s wrists together then reached down and swept an arm over the table to clear it off, knocking various towels and tools and papers onto the floor.
"Sounds like a really scary dream."
"Huh?"
"You don't realize it, but you just quoted an old Alka-Seltzer commercial." At Steve's confused frown, he added, "It's probably on YouTube. I'll show you later."
"Nope! Don't want to hear it! Captain Rogers can fall in a ditch for all I care. And you can tell him that. Tell him those exact words, and make sure he knows this is not me being 'sensitive.' This is me done with his bullshit. This is me done feeling like I'm not good enough for him. This is me letting him chase after his precious
keep your voice down."
. He loved his energy, he loved his mind, he loved the way he'd tilt his head in slight confusion those times that Steve said something that didn't quite make sense to him. He loved the way he built and created and forged something from nothing. And selfishly, he loved the way Tony made him feel wanted and desired, made him feel like he was someone worthy of being loved, made him feel
pounds."
him?" Maybe she had — or would have had had she still been alive — a point? He loved Steve. He loved Steve so much.
Nope, definitely not a 'white' Christmas this year.
"Fine," Tony muttered again and went into the bedroom. Steve waited a moment before he went over to Olivia's bedroom and set her down in her crib, making sure she was free of anything she could accidentally suffocate on. He pressed a kiss to his fingertips then pressed his fingertips to her forehead before he turned and went back to his own bedroom.
"Good to know."
"God,
Sam and Bucky snorted laughs while Jim shook his head and Thor smiled like hearing this pleased him. Steve watched them a moment before he decided to try his luck elsewhere and left them to their Christmas show while he made his way back to the kitchen, sneaking up quietly enough so that he wouldn't disturb Tony.
at this moment, she did grow inside of me for nine months, and I did literally push her out of my body. Technically, that
, I can explain every—"
"How would it? It's your body, isn't it?"
Tony shoved a throw pillow behind his back and leaned back against it. "What? Why?"
"The changeover seems to have done away with the sensors I'd embedded in me, so I can't call the suit to me that way. I have to pull one of the older ones out of mothballs—"
Barnes shook his head a little then said, "Why didn't you just ask your ceiling-guy to send me down here?"
"OK, first of all, that's everyone's presents. Second, we can afford it. Third, it's her first Christmas, Steve!"
in charge of security? Christ,
Tony hummed a little and nodded. "Steve said they took his blood but they didn't take anything else and he didn't offer it, either."
"I mean, I was
"Yeah? Well, that stops now. No one is dragging my family through the mud to sell papers or boost ratings or get…
Thor opened his mouth to protest, but Barton said before he could, "Yeah, I'm sure Frigga and the All-Father were just spectacular parents to you, but I'm guessing your crazy brother didn't get the same encouragement?"
Bruce frowned at him, and he folded his arms and leaned against the bar and said, "Tony, I'm not doubting that you think you feel this way—"
existence." He groaned and slumped some. "Fuck, how is this my life?"
"It was that, but it wasn't that."
close! And one of those stupid fucking fish-things got me!" Bucky cried out, and Steve just shook his head and tried to concentrate on his job. He'd been there that night. He'd almost cried because it was his TV Bucky had broken and none of them had had the money to replace it.
The clerk stared at him.
"Who the hell are you going to tell?"
Tony swallowed down acid just thinking about it. "J, you know curry isn't agreeing with me at the moment."
His mouth fell open some again before he was able to catch himself, and he closed it back up again, swallowed once more, and said, "Could you...show me?"
"Yeah?" he breathed out and finally dropped his hand from his chest. "Mission accomplished."
"I don't know why I put up with any of you," he said then yawned.
Tony waved an airy hand in the air. "Or one of their parents or subsidiaries. I don't know. They change that shit all the time. One company merges with another, or they rename or rebrand. Hard to keep up. Got my own company and my own shit to deal with—
He scrubbed a hand over his face, feeling the irritation and prickle from ungroomed hair, but decided to go back downstairs to see if Rhodey was still up.
," Steve muttered with a grumble and went back to staring at his tablet. "Buck, I'm not a kid anymore."
"I don't know. Should it?"
"Whoa, hold on! Who said I—" He faked a gasp. "Virginia Potts! What a filthy mind!"
"Oh. Well, what is—? What? No. Honeybunch, why are you shaking your head at me?"
"What does that mean?" he asked, directing a similar bland look back to her.
Bruce and Hill just gave each other nervous and sad looks.
"Well, I don't know where they are."
Steve just shrugged. "Both body fluids."
"She's good and distracted. Less of a chance of mishaps," Tony replied and took hold of Olivia's small left hand.
"Don't even start that with me now, Steve!"
Tony winced. "What? How? We're not a hospital. We don't have the equipment—"
," Barnes cut in again, "I did not lie. Some of my war buddies
" she snapped, dropping her hand from her nose and glaring at him. "Where did she even come from? Who is she? How do you even know she's really your daughter?"
"Hey!" Bruce said with a frown.
"Please don't talk about pushing—"
"No," Tony said, raising an eyebrow at what was clearly a very bad lie on Bruce's part.
Steve shrugged. "As close as I can get without…" He made a face, and Tony almost wondered exactly what sort of stories he'd actually read.
Tony glanced up and watched as she turned her head to the side and stared at something on the floor, her brows furrowing and her lips pinching together.
"You get cranky when Daddy goes 'way," she said, hands on her hips. "Imna hafta tell Daddy not t' go 'way anymore 'cuz you get cranky when he does."
He yawned a little and sat up, and though he was content to lay in bed a little longer and take advantage of the peace and quiet, he got up and stretched a little more, feeling sore and used but in the most fantastic way imaginable. There was much to be said for a good round of sex, but a good round of sex with someone you loved more than anything?
Tony turned to Steve, who blushed a little and shrugged. "Maybe I should just stick to boiling things?"
Steve just smiled then said, "I think you need to go to an obstetrician."
Tony shook his head a little and shrugged. "Nothing," he said, attempting to be casual and yet averting his gaze so Steve couldn't look him in the eye.
he was mistaken. There was no point in hoping that something that would never come to pass.
He felt her stroke her hands over his face, and he put his hands over hers and finally looked up to meet her eyes, and he realized she wasn't the one he needed.
"Please," Tony begged in his ear, straddling his hips as he ground their erections together, making Steve moan and shove his head back into his pillow, "
,” he said, practically sobbing the name.
Steve and could still
And Steve was only partially certain it was the company that made the breakfast as deliciously decadent as it was.
"'Cause you're his princess," Wilson finished.
"OK."
Tony shrugged and logged in his information. "Wasn't that bad."
"Look, Tony, I'm on the clock here. Could we do this later?"
"How did you eat that that fast?" Rhodey asked in disbelief.
Tony, though, gave Pepper a
Bruce, however, snorted a laugh and said, "Honestly? I'm thinking a little annoyed but not distressed in any way. I'm telling you, this is… This is just amazingly perfect."
"Anyone that might be on
Steve grinned, that bashful, intimate sort that he reserved only for Tony. "I could damn well try."
"Congratulations, Papa," Bruce said and put a hand on his shoulder. "It's a girl."
" he heard Steve ask as the doors began to close, panic lacing in his voice, and just as the doors slid closed, he watched as Steve turned around to look in his direction.
"Hey, I didn't get
(which didn't seem possible, but maybe if they were really in 2015...), if they had a daughter (adopted?) and a house upstate, it wasn't because Steve had merely settled for him.
What a goddamned mess.
"In the car. When you're driving and she's in her car seat. She likes to kick the back of the seat."
Steve just gave him a flat look. "Ornaments?" he asked, but Tony shot a smirk at him.
He didn't even bother to reply to that. He was pretty sure that was his kitchen in the background of the picture, though. A quick check of the attached details showed the picture had been taken right before it had been sent.
"All right," the doctor said, cutting into their bickering, "I have a few more questions for you." She picked up her tablet again and began to look over it. "Now, can I presume you have been continuing to have sexual relations with each other during the course of this pregnancy? I see you did check that you're currently sexually active."
, I know—"
Without a word, Tony grabbed the belt and pulled it over himself, clicking it on and adjusting the way it rested over his belly. "You
She tilted her head. "No?"
Tony was already to the point of scraping Steve's plate when he said, "Yeah, but he's got a pretty nasty case of 'resting murder face.' I don't think there's anything they can do about that. Kind of a turn-off for man, woman, and beast."
He pulled away from him. "No, Steve, I don't want you to let go of… I know he's your friend. I know you think you failed him once before. I know you feel like you have a chance to make it right again. I'm not that much of an asshole that I don't want you to have other friends. I just… Maybe I just want to know that I'm almost as important to you as he is."
He rolled his eyes. "Yeah, he got that from Barton, and Barton is full of shit. Don't listen to him. Don't ever listen to him. We treat each other with dignity and respect, and you think I'm a goddamned genius, which is why you go along with what I say. Because I am a goddamned genius, and I'm right, and that's all there is to it, and you recognize that."
It was at that moment that he knew he was in much deeper than he had ever thought he would be. Steve's moves had been heroic and amazing and thrilling to watch up to that point. From that moment on, Tony could only pray to some higher power he didn't believe in that he wouldn't end up a Steve-shaped splat on the ground one of these days.
"What can you offer?"
"Saying 'Go the fuck to sleep' or 'Get your fucking head off my bladder' doesn't count, Tony."
"Look, if it's something that's too personal, we don't have to—"
"Mmm!" Thor said and sat up, one of the cookies in-hand. "They are most delicious. Our Anthony proves himself to be a masterful and formidable perpetrator of Midgardian feasts."
He wanted it gone. He wanted it out. Forget what he'd said to Steve earlier. That was before Bruce had driven home the horror of what he was risking. That was before Thor had oh-so- casually informed him of what the entire purpose of the hex was. He wanted it out of his body. He wanted his body exactly the way it had been before that crazy little diviner had worked her magic on him and turned him into an internet meme. Yeah, sure, at the time it had been fun, even titillating. How many men got to find out what it was like to live as a woman? To fuck as a woman? To be fucked as a woman by a gorgeous super soldier? Look, it wasn't like he and Steve hadn't taken full advantage of it, and yeah, there was a part of him that feared toward the end of it that Steve preferred him as a woman, and as much fun as that week had been, he wasn't certain he would be willing to stay a woman the rest of his life.
"Just have a seat," the nurse said, a warm smile on her face as she motioned them into the room. "The doctor will be right with you."
"I do, but..." He set Tony's glass down then stood back up and snagged a gentle hold of Tony's hand to pull him close. "Just...for a minute."
Tony shrugged. "Hell if I know. Portal opened, she came flying through it, portal closed, and now she's stuck here."
"See what?"
Tony sat up some, frowning at Steve's sudden change in demeanor. "What?"
"Yep."
, Bruce. A daddy that's an
As Tony, his movements halting like he was cutting his way through a fog, made to stand beside him, Steve reached down and grabbed his helmet and his shield off the ground, and as he adjusted the shield on his arm, Tony said a somewhat confused, "No, we don't."
"Yeah," Tony said with a less-than-enthused sigh. "There's a tendency towards that in my family. I
"I don't
Steve finally found the gumption to meet his gaze, the fucker. "I am."
"No. I don't know where you and Bruce get this idea that just because I mention about how much of an egotistical ass the guy is—"
"Dude, no thanks," Wilson said. "Dudes are not my thing."
Steve pointed at his barely-touched plate, and Tony huffed.
Again, Tony went to open his mouth to reply, but Wilson said, "He's gonna deny it, but we all know it's true. He could literally blow up the world, and Cap would find some way of excusing it while we all sat on our little floating space rock foraging for space worms or whatever would be left to eat."
," JARVIS cut in. "
So, Tony decided to throw an extravaganza: food, music, revelry and the like. Fireworks were already taken care of, thank you, City of New York and your yearly pyrotechnics show over the Hudson. The Tower afforded a spectacular view of that, so he didn't have to go out of his way for the fireworks. He thought about inviting an embarrassing amount of people, but that would require all of them to be on their best behavior, and not that they were wont to act like swine in the privacy of their own home, but it was a lot easier to relax when it was just the Avengers and Company rather than the Avengers and Company and Those Types That Always Get Invited to These Sorts of Things but Really Have No Business Being There.
had shown up in the middle of a firefight in Washington, and Steve had all but blown a fuse, and suddenly thereafter, it became all about Steve trying to track his old buddy down. It was his obsession, along with rooting out Hydra. It was all he could think about, and Tony…
," he said and motioned over himself, "is what you're supposed to dress like when you're going out in public where people are going to see you."
"Well, that was random as fuck," Barton muttered.
child? No! What'd she say?"
"Yeah, well, jury's still out," Tony said and grabbed a breadstick. He caught Steve's eye then began to mouth the breadstick rather suggestively, dragging the tip of his tongue from one end to the other before swirling his tongue over the end and then taking it halfway into his mouth.
"Encourage me?" Steve asked and cocked an eyebrow.
The mystery kid just stood there like she expected Tony to do something, and Tony snapped, "
"Yeah, he knows you're a single-minded pain-in-the-ass, too."
He laid the comforter down over Tony, and Tony only realized then how chilly he was covered only by the thin sheet that had come with the gurney. At least the shaking had subsided for the most part.
"Yeah, no, even you wouldn't get behind that."
'Steven' as the middle name?"
"I don't know. I just
"You're handling it a lot better than I ever would."
But the doctor just smiled at him and said, "Truth be told, I wish more of the couples I saw come in here were like you."
"While I agree wholeheartedly with the sentiment, that's not exactly a solid game plan."
Bruce just shrugged, and Wilson turned to Barton and said, "You know, you never finished your explanation for Thor."
"His pal Barnes just died," Tony told the man, a weird and almost knowing tone to his voice. Wilson nodded his understanding, and Steve narrowed his eyes at the exchange. There was something funny about it — it meant something, but he couldn't figure out what.
"Eh, not exactly," Bruce said, scratching at the side of his neck.
Steve hummed out a thought then nodded at Tony's belly. "Pretty sure that's how that happened."
"You saw something, didn't you? For all you know it's a fuzzy woodland creature over there."
"What does that even—"
"Well," Barton said with a contemplative shrug, "you're not wrong. That
He was not above playing to Steve's more dominating and possessive side.
He only wished he'd never found out.
He shrugged. "Technically forty-four, but you tell me." He motioned over himself. "Does this look forty-four?"
"Clearly not, but—" He stopped cold. "Babe?"
"I mean, clearly, mine was…just something crazy, but yours— How do you know? I mean, you didn't meet your future—"
"Now," Steve said and stood behind him again. He felt Steve take his arms and position them behind his back, "did you bring any restraints down with you?"
Bruce went a little deer-in-the-headlights but recovered enough to say, "Uh, Tony, it might not be a good idea for her to be here when Pepper shows up."
Tony shrugged again as Steve reached in and grabbed his own slice, and Tony folded the pizza and took a bite and said, "Dunno," around a mouthful of bread and cheese and sauce. He chewed the bite and thought back for only a moment — yet another memory of an earlier time plaguing him, a wasteful little brat that would only eat the cheese off her slice of pizza.
"Steven," Tony said, his voice even but serious, "get out of that train of thought. It wasn't your fault. You did everything you could. I know you just lost him, and I know this makes me sound like a complete asshole, but all the blame in the world that you heap on yourself isn't going to bring him back. Mourn him, sure, but don't deny yourself happiness because of circumstances beyond your control. Would he want you do to that?"
got you — there was no way he could just sit back and let the less-than-handful of others that remained fight. He had to do his part, too, as literally painful for him as it
"You're, ah,
Tony shrugged. "Don't have a choice, do I?" he said, and he knew Steve thought he was only upset at being consigned to this body for the rest of his life, not that he'd finally come to accept or realize…
Tony just glared at him, jaw set, and he shoved away from the table and went over to another workstation.
Tony rolled his eyes as Steve began to poke at his belly, watching as the little creature within reached to each prod and jab. "What have I told you about believing everything you read on the internet?"
"Sure," Sam said, his attention on the monitors.
'Tony' here. 'Natasha,' remember?"
"Yeah, I'm sure that was the reason."
Without bothering to wait for Bruce's answer, he hiked up the hem of the shirt enough to get at the hook that held up the cup for the bra.
out of a box of goddamned scraps. Surely he was smart enough to figure out a way to brew a goddamned cup of coffee without a fucking maker. All he had to do was fashion something to hold the filter with the ground coffee in it then run through a pot of boiling water and presto! Liquid savoir!
. Steve was
. I don't
to me like this but picturing me the other way."
"I don't
it in his bones. This was his flesh and blood, this obstinate little titan too smart for her own good, and the hell anyone was taking her away from him. Bruce would sigh at him and shake his head; Rhodey would give him that
make love to him right then and there.
"Yeah, all right, I know I might be jumping the gun a little—"
"Yeah," he said, the makings of a smile on his face. "I know. Maybe I just wanted to make sure. I don't know. But you… I trust you."
Oh, thank god.
"Amazingly," Barton said, sliding from the arm to the seat of a chair.
She gasped. "Language, Papa!" she said, but there was a teasing edge to it, and it was clearly something that was bandied about a great deal in the Stark-Rogers household.
He did take advantage of Steve being there more than usual. He made Steve clean off the highest shelves that he couldn't reach without a ladder (or the jet-boots, but Steve had been adamantly against that), he got him to rearrange the furniture in the living room to his newest desires and specifications, and, against what were Steve's basest wishes, he even got him to repaint the room next to theirs a light and cheery yellow because fuck blue.
everything, either."
He tightened his folded arms against his broad chest and nestled his head against his helmet. Yeah, that was a path better left untraveled.
"Wait! Hold on!" he said then unfastened some trinket-y bracelet from his wrist — the typical sort of tacky souvenir thing sold at a tourist mecca.
Tony grumbled a bit more and said, "OK, what am I doing now?"
He sucked in a breath and slapped his hands on his thighs then pushed himself to his feet, and he stood before Esmeralda, who smiled up and him and made to put her finger to her lips.
The reaction of the room appeared to be somewhere between 'What?' and 'About time,' and Tony shushed them and said, "Look, we convinced the clerk to give us a license, but we have to wait a fucking day to use it, but he said he'll marry us personally if we get our asses there by 3:45 tomorrow, so—" He pointed to all of them. "No fucking around. I am getting married tomorrow come hell or high water. End of story." He then produced a small blue Tiffany's bag. "I have a ring and everything that Steve practically embarrassed the shit out of me to get because he thinks 'douchebag hipster' is an appealing shade on him."
is going to make you do your own damned makeup if you don't stop texting."
Steve's eyes went just a little watery at that, and he reached out and folded Tony into a firm, warm embrace. Tony went with it, nestling his head against Steve's shoulder, trying to relax as Steve's arms wrapped around him, his hands firm and possessive over his back.
Ten years King Anthony had ruled over these lands, having been anointed as such at the age of seventeen after the death of his father, King Howard. He was as good, if not better, a king as his father had been, and peace and prosperity had reigned over the lands for a now unbroken line of thirty-eight years combined between the rules of father and son.
"It's not a vintage wine. Trust me, it—" He made a face and put a hand to his swollen breasts. "There's more where it came from. And speaking of that—" He got up from the chair. "Think I better go make some more of it before I explode."
condition?" Steve asked and directed a knowing look at Tony's belly.
Steve just hummed and rubbed his stomach where Tony had hit it and said, "Sure you did, honey."
Something imagined, he supposed, something related more towards the hormones his body was producing during and after the birth of his child. You know, so he didn't kill her or abandon her. Something like that.
She shrugged and said, "Because I think you need it— I think you
She smiled a little, slowly, a bit thin-lipped, like she was considering her words.
He stifled a groan and rolled his eyes. "Because I'm a girl, Steve. Remember? I got turned into a woman, one that's inexplicably pregnant with
Clint just stared at Steve in disbelief before he turned back to Tony and said a simple, "Spoiled."
Tony shot him a sly glance. "No," he said after a moment's deliberation. "I think you need to find that one out the hard way."
She just shifted onto her side, facing away from him, and he left the room and closed the door behind him, and he went to go back downstairs where Bruce unquestionably still sat, but he thought about Olivia's previous-day indignation, and he instead went the other way toward the room that he'd been in maybe once, the one Pepper had had every intention of turning into an office.
"What? You're right. It might not necessarily lead to
to my current figure."
Steve marched over and caught him, pulling Tony up into his arms as Tony wrapped his legs around his waist, arms about each other, mouths met, desperate want filling their veins. Steve stumbled over to the bed and fell back, Tony falling atop him, and they worked to strip each other of the clothes they'd just put on, sweat beginning to coat bodies that had just been washed clean of the day's muck and dirt.
it was that little girl that had begged him for shield waffles and sat at his coffee table, drawing pictures of her daddy and her papa and her baby sister and her various aunts and uncles.
Tony folded his arms tight against his chest. "Clearly the man has kissed once or twice in his life."
He raised an eyebrow. "You want to bet?"
She frowned. "Oh." She brightened. "How 'bout when you and Daddy get married 'gain?"
He smiled and rubbed his hand over Steve's chest, tracing the contours of his pecs and thumbing his nipples through his shirt. "You have to come with me."
"Tony, we shouldn't do it this way," Steve murmured, but Tony ignored him and said, "Yeah," to the man's question.
"Yeah, but then they, like, formed a team to…go around and solve mysteries and stuff."
He looked up and met Steve's gaze again only to be greeted with not anguish but steely resolve. "All right," Steve said with a resolute nod of his head. "Then that's what we're going to do."
And he wanted to keep it.
had rattled her, something she couldn't quite keep off of her face no matter how good she was at making herself look as blasé and neutral as possible as she scrolled through something. DUM-E was off in the corner making sad little whirs, arm down like he was actually depressed about something, but that was par for the course for him. He was
to begin with should call that into question."
Tony just caught the doctor's eye. "You see what I have to put up with?"
like, say, going to the beach.
"Hey, Olivia," Bruce said and went for his next slice.
, before he turned back to the computer to make sure the module had loaded properly.
Wilson hummed and read something on his phone. "With your 'smile as warm as a summer sun'?"
"I can't take it, Tony. I can't. This whole…" She made some vague gestures with her hands before she let out a heavy sigh, looked dead at him and said the six most horrible words in the English language.
(Even if he'd found having a bag with him was
"Honey, if this is about your guilt, you need to stop it. He doesn't blame you — not so far as I can tell, anyway. But he wants to move on. He wants to live in the present — it's much better for him, seriously. And yeah, sure, maybe you can reminisce every now and then, but don't live in the past. And you really think you don't have anything to talk about? Tell him about how you got mixed up with the Avengers. Tell him about Loki. Tell him about our little adventures with Killian and Pierce. Tell him how much you secretly hate Brooklyn and going back to Brooklyn because of how much it's changed. Hell, bitch to
While the mask didn't completely lift, Steve saw cracks in its façade in the form of a small smile that broadened across Tony's lips and softened his face. He allowed Steve to meet his gaze again, and Steve saw from the dawning awareness on his face that he understood what Steve was getting at. He finally took hold of Steve's hand and shook it.
Steve finally found the courage to look up at him, and now that he was looking at Tony — and not, well, checking him out — he could see the telltale flush of arousal that spread from his cheeks down to his chest. There was a slight look of confusion in his brown eyes like he wasn't quite sure why he should be feeling like this, but more than that, Steve saw the hunger of lust in his dark irises, which sent a shot of need right down to his groin, and he grimaced at the pang of desperate want that throbbed inside him, only because there was a rational part of him that knew he really, really, really shouldn't have been feeling this way at that moment.
Everyone's except Tony's, of course.
"I guess I thought I could handle it."
"What? With what?" Tony asked, and Steve caught the way his back arched just the slightest like he was putting on a defensive move. "We're not giving into temper tantrums. We're not giving her everything she wants no questions asked. It's Christmas, Steve!"
Tony remembered what had happened to Steve before he'd fallen from the sky, and he frowned at Barton and said, "Is he OK?"
"The hell I did! Get it down to my lab. I'll worry about fixing it later. It's probably fine now. Just needs a reboot."
" Natasha gritted in reply before Tony heard the unmistakable zap of the Widow's bites in action. "
"Hey," he said, kneading his thumbs into Tony's flesh. "What's wrong?"
"Open your eyes and look at me, Tony."
— was what Steve was going to see? Going to live with? Going to sleep with the rest of his life? This broken down old bag of bones?
He glanced up from the gelato, and though she tried to look impassive, he saw actual concern lining her green irises. He raked his gaze over her face before he went and sat down on the bed, setting the tub of gelato down on the mattress so he could dig at it with his left hand.
Tony hummed out a thought then smiled and nodded his head to the couch. "Come on. I'm sure you've got a thousand questions turning over in that head of yours."
"Uh, yeah, I think I can."
And now he was expected — what they wanted of him — was to join some group of super- powered individuals to help bring to justice some trickster alien from another world. It was a testament to what he'd seen in the war that he didn't just laugh in their faces and hightail it the hell out of there the moment they'd told him that. No, he didn't believe this trickster was a
Seriously, you have to sit down to pee. How do you even get anything done?"
(He later found that Steve wasn't just sketching robots and military-grade armors; he'd been sketching Tony as well and had been for some time. He still did sketch Tony, but now that he didn't have to hide it, Tony knew exactly when he was doing it and usually ended up ruining the whole thing by trying to model for him in either goofy or provocative poses. Steve actually threw his pencil at him one time. Then they'd had sex. Honestly, it was a win for everyone.)
"I know exactly what kind of furniture you're talking about, and no. Not until after."
"Yeah, maybe," Tony said, "and maybe you haven't bonded with her yet—"
And an injured Steve.
"I still can't find Maddie anywhere!"
"Negatory on that, Widow. Sounds like you guys and gals could use my help whether you want it or not. J, take me where I'm needed most. And if these doors open back up to the penthouse, I'm giving you to the Golden Slumbers old folks' home, got it? Not for the staff but for the residents. Let's see how you enjoy dealing with octo- and nonagenarians. Not all of them are as tech-savvy as Steve."
"A fucking killjoy," Bucky cut in as he sat back down at the desk. "One of you go on rounds. I already checked the front by the ATM. Six o'clock and all's well."
“Slouch down more,” the Omega encouraged and instead of sliding down, he lifted himself up on his knees. Steve shifted forward on the couch to give the other man a better angle and lined back up again. The other man nodded as he wiggled his hips to test the angle, “There we go.”
Steve grinned and nodded, “I’ll be here.”
There were chairs and sofas facing the wall so the Alpha - or Alphas based on the mention of the galas earlier--present could sit and admire the view of all the Omegas that were currently presenting to him. It was a wonderful sight. Steve imagined there were plenty of Alphas that sat on the cushioned sofa and took themselves in hand before doing anything else. The thought was incredibly tempting but he wasn’t here to get off on the anticipation of having an Omega. He wanted to find one he could have for the night.
. It amused him and the enthusiasm was sexy. At this point, Steve was going slow just to be careful. He would love to just sink into him right now but he couldn’t and
He took a deep breath and slid his gaze away from it to his other choices. He didn’t want to make his decision too hastily. There were a couple others with shapes that he enjoyed the look of and he shifted behind them just to take in the sight, keeping his hands to himself as he considered each one in turn. It would be unkind, he thought, to tease someone without the intention of following it through and he didn’t want that on his conscience.
Steve tipped his head, hands resting on the Omega’s thighs instead as he looked up at him, “Sounded like you were having fun to me.”
“Lean back,” he ordered, tugging the man so his back was laying flush with his chest and the Omega straightened his legs out without too much protest to make things more comfortable.
“That can--” he groaned again, the man beneath him shifting and wiggling enough to send him over a third time. He could feel the knot softening and it wasn’t surprising because he could feel his fluid dripping out of the Omega around his erection now. “That can be arranged.”
His mind just couldn’t resist comparing all them to one another and the winner was clear. Steve stepped behind the wonderful, wiggling ass in the middle and reached out to squeeze it, testing to see if it really was as perfect as it looked. He wasn’t disappointed. It was exceptionally firm and tight. Clearly, this Omega worked out and probably prided themselves on their appearance.
Steve was on the bed in a matter of moments and his hands ghosted up over the outside of the man’s thighs and ass. Gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous. “No biting, I promise.”
Steve pressed his thumb back to the Omega’s hole and rubbed around the ring of it once, twice, three times before pushing it in just past the tip of his thumb. He could hear the man on the other side of the wall groan and felt him push against the intrusion, demanding more, but he wasn’t going to find it just yet. Instead, Steve hooked his thumb slightly and just tugged on the man’s entrance, stretching it without opening him the rest of the way. There was a moan of protest that he ignored in favor of tugging the man’s opening to the right and Steve bit his bottom lip as he watched the Omega’s muscles flex.
“Yes, quite comfortable. If you’ll come around here, I’ll show you,” Harrison offered and he walked him around back to open the door on the other side of one of the holes in the wall to show him the cushioning. It looked like the Omega would be partially standing and bracing themselves but there were plenty of cushioned supports to hold their weight. There were plenty of different options based on whatever the Omega wanted and no restraints.  Steve was satisfied, at least, that if he chose to go this route the Omega on the other side wouldn’t be straining to hold the position for him. In fact, it looked like they would be probably more comfortable than him with the wall in the way.
“You’ll find our rooms to be organized rather well. You filled out a questionnaire upon making this appointment so I have already set up two rooms that will fit those preferences,” Harrison explains and Steve vaguely remembered filling out a survey of extremely personal and specific questions. They ranged from the simple ‘What color hair do you prefer?’ to ‘What size is your dick?’ to the even more specific ‘How much do you enjoy ‘insert sex position here’?’. Steve left some of the answers blank as he didn’t have an opinion and it took him the better part of an hour to fill out.
“Good,” the man said delightfully and he made another wonderful moaning sound as he rocked his hips. Steve’s knot was deflating enough that there was a little bit of leeway for him to move. He didn’t trust himself so he let the Omega control it and after a few more minutes of that movement he came again, hips jerking as he spilled himself a final time. He groaned again and tried to catch his breath, just relaxing against the other man as he softened enough to finally pull out.
“Just wait until it’s on
Steve pressed one hand just above the man’s groin and wrapped the other across his chest so he would have the leverage he needed to start thrusting upward into him in firm, hard strokes. At this angle, there was no way he was avoiding the man’s prostate and he was sure he was dragging against it with every thrust which is exactly what they both wanted.
Well, he would just have to wait. Steve was having fun and entertaining himself. Really, it was the man’s fault for having such a nice ass. It just asked to be admired. He used his fingertips to lightly stroke along the top and down both sides. Another impatient wiggle earned the ass in question a light, playful slap of warning to knock it off. The Omega responded by doing it again and all he could was imagine the cheeky grin he was probably getting on the other side of the wall. At the challenge, the Omega earned another light slap and Steve grinned when the man pushed back against his hand. This one was fun already and they had barely even started.
“I want number five for the evening,” he replied. “As soon as possible.”
“I like seeing you framed up on the wall,” Steve said and the man smirked at him.
He was getting to the point where he couldn’t stand all the teasing either. As much as he enjoyed the moans he was hearing from eating the man out, he needed to get moving here. Steve reached for the lube as he stood back up and slicked his fingers, rubbing at the man’s hole with his first two fingers enthusiastically. God, but he was gorgeous. He could only imagine the rest of the man’s body but from the shape of his ass he didn’t think he was going to have any complaints and he was looking forward to being able to touch all of him.
“Oh am I?” Steve asked, raising his eyebrow again at the Omega who grinned and leaned forward to actually smash their lips together. It surprised him so it took him a moment to try to return it but by the time his tongue was coming out to swipe over the other man’s lips, the Omega was already pulling back.
The Omega actually moaned at the thought, reaching between his legs to smear the fluid against his thighs and his hand moved up to where his hole was winking to empty what it could out of him. “Deal.”
Being Captain America did have its perks and when it came to this, he figured it was harmless to use his status to get what he wanted. Was it wrong to want an Omega to share his bed for a night? He didn’t think his current profession or schedule was conducive to having a mate. He was gone on missions at odd hours, sometimes for weeks at a time and he didn’t think that would be very fair to a partner. He might not like the idea of a one-night stand but it was going to have to do. He didn’t have much of a choice.
sink back onto Steve’s erection with a moan. He dropped his head back with a sharp inhale but leaned it up again to watch himself disappear inch by inch into the Omega. Once the man was settled on him, he clenched around him and Steve groaned, hands shifting to dig into his partner’s hips.
“Firstly, all the Omegas here are volunteers. They have a set a price for their company for the night. Some are here often, some only come once. It’s completely at their discretion,” Harrison began, gesturing for Steve to follow him and he opened the nearest door. The room beyond it was empty but tastefully styled. Clearly, it was set up as a demo room instead of one that was used for clients. Or maybe they just limited the amount of rooms they used when there was only one client present. “The majority of our Omega clients prefer to remain anonymous. Many of them are powerful men and women who would prefer their reputation not be sullied by rumors of affairs with random Alphas.”
“Oh sorry, I forgot you were there,” the man said innocently and grinned when Steve scoffed at him. He was just messing around now and the Alpha was getting impatient. Maybe he could give him some incentive to move to the bed and get this round finished up before they both got too uncomfortable.
Steve pressed the head of his cock to the man’s opening and rubbed it up and down, threatening to push in. He could feel the Omega attempting to force the tip of his cock into him but he didn’t have the space. His ass was too perfectly framed by the wall and Steve could hear the whine of protest on the other side when he denied him. He grinned and stepped closer, pushing his cock vertical so it stood framed between the man’s cheeks. Steve took a slow breath and thrust upward, sliding his erection up and down against the man’s entrance. With his hands, he pushed the globes of the Omega’s ass together, tightening them around his cock and thrust several more times. The head of his cock repeatedly poked out the top of that perfect ass, leaking fluid onto the curve of his cheeks and Steve groaned at the sight.
“Not the point,” the Omega responds, untying Steve’s robe and throwing it open. He leaned back, obviously to admire the view and gave the Alpha a grin of his own. He reached down to rub a hand over Steve’s abs and chest. “It must be my lucky day.”
“Uh-uh, you know why,” the man replied and surprised Steve when he shoved him backwards until his knees hit the couch behind him. It was followed up with a push that forced him to sit down and pulled an instinctive growl out of him. The Alpha part of him wasn’t thrilled with being pushed around. The Omega just rolled his eyes in response and didn’t look either apologetic or concerned, “Yeah yeah, I hear you, hush.”
His breathing was heavy as he said, “I certainly wouldn’t mind round two.”
portion– but that was the point of this and the only way for them to remain anonymous so Steve couldn’t bring himself to feel bad about it.
“Understandable,” Steve agreed. It made perfect sense to him. He imagined that some were in positions like his but who didn’t crave a nice, hard round of sex every now and then? Suppressants were only so helpful. He was sure some Omegas just preferred to deal with their heats this way every now and then, so long as the right precautions were taken anyway. He wondered if he should have worn a mask and then decided that no one really knew him anyway. As far as anyone was concerned, Captain America was long dead and SHIELD was going to keep it that way as long as possible.
Steve started with one finger, pushing the tip in and there was no real teasing with it this time. He kept going until he was buried to the knuckle and slipped it out again, thrusting it a few times to get a feel for the Omega. He was happy with the reactions he could feel, with the flexing and relaxing around just one finger. Steve honestly wished he could hear him just a little better. If he could, he would work him open until he begged for him, but he couldn’t be sure that he would hear it and that would just be disappointing. Besides, it was safe to assume the Omega didn’t know he could hear him. It was, at least, something to think about later.
Briefly, he wondered what the Omega on the other side of the wall was thinking. There weren’t many Alphas that would go to their knees for any reason and certainly not to thrust their tongue in and out of their entrance, no matter how perfect the ass around it might be. Steve, however, enjoyed it immensely and found it even more spectacular when the other man was at his mercy. He made a mental note as he lapped again at the Omega’s opening, fluid rushing freely from him and there was enough that his chin was wet with it when he pulled away. He rubbed a hand over his chin to wipe it away and moved to grab a small cloth to wipe his hand on, dropping it on the floor beside the wall when he returned.
This Omega. He was something else. Something absolutely wonderful. Steve jerked his hips sporadically, heat pooling in his gut and the other man clenched right as he hit deep and that was all it took for him to come. He felt the Omega force his hips higher so the angle was deeper as Steve jerked his hips shallowly, emptying himself and then he yanked the man’s ass flush with his front when he felt his knot start to swell.
“You--” the man said, “--are a terrible person.”
Steve hesitated, weighing his mood today before deciding. “Male.”
For a moment, he was confused. In his defense, he was currently knotting an incredibly sexy Omega and all of his brainpower was shot at the moment. When his brain finally caught up, he chuckled, “No, that would have been a shame. I could have watched you ride me all night.”
“What can I do for you, Sir?”
Again, he moved one hand to the cheek of that wonderfully perky ass and squeezed before he pulled it back enough to reveal the man’s hole again. This time he used the thumb of the other hand to rub at the opening. The Omega twitched and his hole flexed under Steve’s thumb, which only made him do it again. Such a fantastic reaction. He rubbed at the man’s entrance more insistently though not nearly hard enough to penetrate just enough to be a tease. He was rewarded with a small release of fresh fluid from the Omega that he slid his thumb through to slick it up.
“How would you do that?” he asked.
“There are drinks in the refrigerator there and snacks on top, if you require either,” Harrison finished. “If your requested Omega chooses to join you, they will be up momentarily.”
The man on the other side of the wall was squirming enough to be obvious and he grinned, running his tongue over his bottom lip as he gave the man’s opening another light tug. He squeezed the ass cheek he was holding with his other hand as he did and was thrilled by the muffled moan it earned him. He really did love being able to hear the response and thought that maybe they should put in speakers to make it more obvious for those Alphas that wanted to hear their partner. He would certainly make sure to suggest it for next time. For now, he would just have to appreciate his super soldier hearing.
“I’m riding
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve replied with grin, echoing the man from earlier and the Omega returned the look over his shoulder. He loosened his grip to let the man feel like he was more in control and was rewarded with him lifting up, then sinking back down on Steve again with a pleased hum of appreciation. He shifted his hips upward and he didn’t see any reason he couldn’t wiggle just like a certain Omega. All’s fair, as far as he was concerned.
He raised his hand to inhale the man’s scent and he let out a small groaning sound. If he wasn’t hard before, he certainly would be now. There was nothing more wonderful than the scent of an aroused Omega. It was possible that Steve was just a little biased given his current situation. His pants were getting to the point of uncomfortable but he didn’t do anything with himself just yet. He didn’t want that to get in the way of lavishing attention on the Omega. He wanted to drive him crazy so he wouldn’t question coming upstairs with him for him to finish the job.
Steve nodded, glancing back over his shoulder at that perfect ass, dripping with slick and seriously looked forward to seeing the rest of the man. He took a deep breath and followed his escort down the hallway to the grand set of stairs at the entrance. He was sure that the man probably noticed that Steve’s pants were much tighter than when he came in but he also imagined that wasn’t uncommon in these situations. Either way, the man gave no impression of noticing and stopped in front of a door down the hallway.
Scissoring his fingers, he thrust them in and out while he squeezed the cheek of the man’s ass with his other hand. He made a mental note to let the Omega know later just how perfect he looked like this. A third finger joined the other two when he was happy with his progress and the moans picked up again and there was rhythmic jerking backward against his hand. It wasn’t as much movement as the Omega probably wanted but it was enough to tell him he was definitely impatient. No matter what Steve was doing, he was always demanding more and more
“Doesn’t bother me one way or another either,” Steve replied with a shrug of one shoulder. Thanks to the serum, he couldn’t catch anything anyway and to be perfectly fair, he already stuck his tongue up the man’s ass. It was hardly the time to worry about a condom now.
Steve couldn’t resist pulling back far enough to watch fluid and come leak from the Omega, running down his thighs in a wonderful mix. He licked his lips and was honestly disappointed there wasn’t going to be a round two.
The other man returned to the center of the room where there was a basket in full view of the wall. “You are more than welcome to sample and claim any or all of the Omegas in the room if you so choose instead of simply picking one for the night. There won’t be any charge beyond what you’ve already paid. We are aware some Alphas have voracious appetites and dislike the idea of being limited. Supplies are provided and required, unless the Omega has noted otherwise. They are also certified to be clean in every way just like we require of our Alphas so you don’t need to worry about anything that you choose to do. We do ask that you do not cause any Omegas injury. They are here for a night of fun and entertainment.”
“The mouth on you,” Steve laughed, using his own mouth to press light kisses to the Omega’s back and there was a chuckle from beneath him.
At the moment, the only thing that was important was that he was the Alpha and he could use the Omega as he pleased. That was what his instinct told him anyway and he wasn’t going to argue with it right now. Steve wrapped a hand underneath and around the other man’s erection, jerking with his thrusts. The Omega squirmed beneath him, rocking back against Steve and then forward into his hand. His hands scrambled at the sheets uselessly as they rocked on the bed and he whimpered desperately beneath him, unable to decide between the Alpha’s hand and cock. Either way, there wasn’t going to be any escaping the Alpha’s administrations. His hips connected with the other man’s ass with the firm slap of skin on skin. Steve wanted to be deep and he aimed to be deep every single thrust.
“Perfect,” the man said, leaning over to grab Steve’s erection one more time and liberally apply lube to every inch of it. He dropped his head back against the couch with a slight groan and shifted his hips into the man’s hand. He just couldn’t help himself. The other man’s hands felt wonderful. When he was done, he tossed the bottle in the direction of the bed and straddled Steve’s lap facing away from him and the Omega scooched back until his ass was pressed up against Steve’s erection. “Waiting on you big guy. What’s the hold up?”
risk hurting the Omega that way so he would have to deal with waiting.
“Come on--” the Omega protested as he tried to catch his breath. The man pushed his hips back into Steve and obviously was trying to help get him over the edge. There was still a desperate edge to his voice even though he must be sensitive. “Give it to me. Knot me. Fill me up.”
,” the man said and just the idea made his balls tighten. “Like that idea, huh? All warm and wet around you.”
“Nah, I’m good,” the Omega flashed him a grin and wiped up what he could with the cloth. “I’ll make sure Harrison knows you’re mine. That way I don’t have to worry about you picking someone else.”
Maybe it was egotistical of him but he thought he was well worth the wait. Steve didn’t need to add more lube to add his fourth finger. The Omega was doing well enough with creating his own at this point that it slipped in easily and he was careful with the first few easy thrusts of them, keeping them tight so he could stretch him gradually. It probably said something that the Omega didn’t seem to have much trouble taking four and in fact, continued to happily thrust back against his hand as much as he could in response. Even so, Steve took his time stretching him out and spreading his fingers to make sure he was open enough for him. He bit his lower lip again and pulled his hand out to slick his erection, taking a deep breath to summon the willpower he needed for his next little tease.
“I think this room will be the best fit for you. There is a switch to your left as you enter. Please turn it on. It will signal to the Omegas that you are present and the light outside the door will turn on so no one disturbs you. It shouldn’t be an issue since you are alone but it’s still an excellent precaution. Take as long as you would like.”
“Of course,” Harrison responded and Steve flipped the switch off, opening the door as the man approached with another one tailing him. “If you’ll follow me, my assistant will speak with your chosen Omega.”
“Huh,” Steve said and he knows that isn’t particularly eloquent but he’s a little out of his element being catered to like this. Nobody told him that particular bit of information but he definitely wasn’t going to complain. For his first time here, he thinks he prefers it that way. He wasn’t sure how he felt about being surrounded by a bunch of undoubtedly horny Alphas all looking to score for the evening. He knew this particular club catered to the rich but he still wondered if there were ever… disagreements over who would claim what Omega. Steve wasn’t interested in being wrapped up in a brawl, even one he would win without much competition.
He couldn’t resist giving him two or three more hard thrusts before letting him go and watching as the Omega scrambled to his feet, fluid dripping down his thighs and making them glisten as he climbed onto the bed. Steve shrugged his robe off as he stood up and his brain short-circuited when he caught sight of the other man. The Omega was on his knees with his chest pressed to the bed, giving him what he assumed was his best ‘come-hither’ look and oh was it working.
“Fuck--” the Omega moaned, reaching down to stroke his own erection a few times and he squirmed until he figured out that he was pretty well at Steve’s mercy again. His hands came up to wrap around Steve’s neck, letting himself be thoroughly fucked to the point that his chest was heaving and the Alpha’s thighs were slick with fluid. He breathed out, “Okay… you win. Bed. Now.”
“Your Omega will have a mask on,” the man continued. “They are generally masquerade style and fit quite nicely so they don’t fall off on accident. Please do not remove it. We have provided one for you to wear as well.”
“Just admiring the view,” he said with a sly smile. He didn’t mind that the Omega was incredibly forward and quite a bit more domineering than he was used to but to be fair, most of his previous partners knew he was Captain America. There weren’t a lot of Omegas that would try to boss around an Alpha and he definitely noticed a difference when they knew his reputation. This was perfect because the Omega in his lap didn’t have any idea that he was in the presence of a living legend.
The other man’s answer was to shift his hips and
The man eyed Steve for about two seconds before he said over his shoulder to the waiting assistant, “Yeah, we’re good. Definitely good. I accept.”
“Thank you, I appreciate it,” Steve said, hoping that he sounded polite even though he was impatient. He knew that they needed to go through all of this and he genuinely appreciated all the care they put into making sure both parties were safe.
“I won’t,” he promised. He wouldn’t betray anyone’s trust like that particularly not for the price he was probably paying for this. Steve didn’t know if SHIELD would take it out of his paycheck or if they would just write it off but either way, he knew it wasn’t cheap.
“I’d appreciate it,” he nodded once. Steve knew vague details about how this supposedly worked but he didn’t want to go breaking any rules and get kicked out. If this went successfully, he might want to come back.
“You’re very thorough,” Steve said. It was perfectly reasonable to him. They were here to have just as much fun as the Alphas. It gave them both a safe way to hook up and move on with their lives.
decided on. That was just fine by Steve who was looking forward to teasing the Omega and if he’ll let him without too much complaint, he’ll certainly make up for it later.
He groaned, unable to help himself and he really wished he could move but the Omega was clearly more than happy to clench down again. “Shouldn’t give me ideas.”
That wonderfully perfect ass wiggled again as he returned and Steve bit his bottom lip at the sight, unable to keep himself from grabbing the man’s ass so he could grind his covered erection against him. Steve was already as hard as his khakis were going to allow. He just wanted to make sure that the Omega knew he was most certainly interested in what he was offering him and it was a nice promise to him of things to come. Steve was just going to have his fun first. He heard the Omega groan in appreciation and couldn’t help the smirk that came to his face. He should probably just go to the intercom to order this one now but this position was too perfect to abandon just yet. There was no reason he couldn’t draw this out a little. Maybe the impatient Omega might learn a thing or two about how nice it could be to wait.
He couldn’t show the man how big his cock was visually but he certainly could show him this way. Each lazy thrust said ‘this could be inside you’ and ‘wouldn’t you like it if I fucked you with this?’ There was another low moan from the other side of the wall and Steve was honestly surprised when the Omega moved up and down with his thrusting, encouraging it even if he was only sliding along the outside of his hole. He was impressed by the reaction and ecstatic. A few more up and down slides of his cock and he pulled back completely to hastily tuck himself back in his pants. He tapped the Omega’s ass again and teased his opening one last time with his finger before he crossed to the intercom to all but smash the button.
He stood up and moved to the bathroom, cleaning himself off with a washcloth, before bringing out one for the other man to use. “Here, do you want me--”
Steve handed the envelope over for the man to inspect. He doubted that anyone would be able to find this place without an invitation. The outside of the building was nondescript and lacked any signs that might suggest what actually took place behind the closed doors. There were plenty of these businesses around but from what he understood, this was one of the most exclusive and served some of the richest Alphas and Omegas in the world. They all catered to certain preferences and had their own unique style. So far, this one wasn’t disappointing.
“I would appreciate that,” he says with another smile.
There was some squirming from the Omega that seemed more like a reaction to what was happening than an attempt to instigate something or tease the Alpha which he took to be a very good sign. He could probably stand and squeeze the man’s ass for the rest of the day but that wouldn’t be as fun as what he had in mind. He took both hands and squeezed both sides together one more time before he moved his hands inward to part the man’s cheeks.
He was nobody right now. He trusted that his Omega wouldn’t recognize him and certainly wouldn’t out him to the world. If they turned that information into the media, they were just asking to have themselves revealed as well and he doubted anyone paying for anonymous sex was comfortable with that idea. However, he could see Fury frowning at the idea that he had the opportunity to cover himself and didn’t so it was probably better to go along with it.
It was seriously tempting to nip at the pale expanse of the Omega’s ass cheek but that would ruin the surprise so he resisted and instead raised both hands to spread his cheeks apart. This gave him the access he needed to lean forward and drag his tongue firmly over the man’s entrance. The gasp, followed by an almost obvious rush of fluid made him smirk and he did it again. He fluttered his tongue against the man’s hole, rimming the outside of it and poking the center without actually penetrating it just to feel him squirm against him. The moans were much more plentiful now and they were oh so very sexy. He gave him a few more firm laps before he pushed his tongue in just far enough to make it obvious and thrust it in and out a few times, keeping the motion smooth, before he pulled back to nip one cheek.
Several of the Omegas in front of him wiggled invitingly and Steve’s tongue flicked out over his bottom lip as he watched them. Oh, he could see why Alphas kept coming back to places like this. There were clearly a variety of Omegas in front of him and he was sure that other Alphas wouldn’t choose just one for the money this probably cost. Steve didn’t feel right taking that route. His aim was pleasing a single Omega. He didn’t want the pressure of giving two or three a good time. He felt his entire attention should be lavished on just one, special Omega.
One of them stood out and yes, it was one of the ones wiggling but it caught his attention more because of the absolute perfectness of the man’s ass than the actual movement. Most certainly one he would want framed if he was the sort to decorate his wall with Omega pin ups. It was round, appeared wonderfully firm from where he was standing and there was only a slight, but perfect, bounce to it when the man wiggled.
So he avoided sitting down and instead stood in front of the wall, inspecting each Omega offering themselves to him carefully. He rarely judged people on just this portion of their anatomy–or really
“Everything looks to be in order, Captain,” the man said, folding the invitation up and neatly replacing it in the envelope. The man put it down on his desk and turned back to him with a polite smile. The lobby was large and open but he seemed to be the only one in the building. He couldn’t smell any other Alphas either. “I’m Harrison. It’s my pleasure to aide you this evening.”
“Is it usually this quiet in here?” he asked and the man gave him an amused look.
When he was content with how easily one finger slid in and out again, he made sure to slick the second before adding it alongside the first. The muffled moans from the other side were louder and the Omega jerked back against his hand to no avail. He couldn’t get Steve to move any faster than he wanted to move and currently that was nice and slow. The Alpha was good sized, even bigger with a knot, and he wasn’t going to rush this. The Omega needed to be nice and stretched before they moved on to the real fun.
, big boy,” the Omega said over his shoulder and knocked at his hands to push them away. “Remember our deal.”
Steve gave him a coy grin as the door closed and they were left alone. He was shorter than the Alpha, with tousled brown hair and beautiful eyes. They were completely focused on him. He felt a little like the man was sizing him up but that was fine. He didn’t want to startle the Omega so he thought it was fair to let him make the first move.
“If I didn’t have somewhere to be, I’d stay right here all night,” the Omega murmured, wiggling his hips and flexing again. He was driving Steve crazy and obviously on purpose because he moaned when another orgasm wracked the Alpha. “Put that nice big cock of yours to good use.”
“The man nodded and lead him down one of the side hallways. “We also take the Omegas preferences into account. They fill out a similar survey and we try to match them with Alphas that will scratch their particular itch as well.”
The man quickened the pace further and didn’t complain when Steve started rolling his hips upward into the action or when his hands started to wander over the smooth expanse of his back down to his ass again. He really did have a thing for it and he didn’t see how anyone could disagree with him. Steve grinned to himself as he stretched the man’s ass cheeks out to really get a good look and it earned him an eye-roll from the Omega over the shoulder. The man also stopped moving and pretended to stretch, clearly intending to tease the Alpha. Steve gave him a quick slap to the cheek that made him laugh.
“Come here often?” the man under him said breathlessly and he couldn’t see the smile on the man’s face but he was pretty sure he could hear it.
“I hope it won’t be,” he replied with a smile. Harrison was giving him that same amused smile as earlier. They wouldn’t know his name or occupation but they would be able to see him and he was certainly a great Alpha specimen. He could have easily taken home any Omega he crossed paths with but the anonymity of this was appealing. The thought of someone denying themselves the chance to sleep with him in any fashion seemed rather silly but there was always that possibility. He just needed to convince them in advance that they would have a good time with him. He didn’t think that would be a problem either.
He didn’t waste anymore time on chit chat and instead lined himself back up to sink into the man one more time. He groaned and leaned over, pinning the Omega to the bed and only waiting a moment before he started thrusting into the man. His pace was hard and faster than anything up until now but his angle was better. Every thrust was nice and deep, dragging the head of his cock against the man’s prostate with each jerk on purpose. It was even better than having him sprawled over his lap. The Omega moaned beneath him, hands digging into the sheets and Steve’s breathing turned heavy as he chased his release relentlessly.
The man on top of him wiggled and clenched around him, raising an eyebrow as he played along with the Alpha’s request, “Now what?”
“Of course,” Steve said and his forehead creased as he considered what rules were made because they were necessary. It was likely something occurred where it necessitated warning future Alphas not to harm anyone and that made him unhappy. Alphas were already regarded with some disdain for their behavior and they hardly needed anything else to convince people they were dangerous or wild. He didn’t understand it himself. This was supposed to be fun. He adored wringing every pleasured sound out of an Omega that he could.
"Again, I thought Brucie didn't—
And if Thor was right about what it really was, they should have just left it at the bottom of the goddamned ocean. He'd said that from the moment Nick had come to him with his first mission out of the ice.
Bruce just looked him over then said, "Yeah, thanks, Tony, but I'm not sure I could pull off a black evening gown as well as you."
"That's why they gots married. Like you 'n' Daddy did. But I wasn't there when you 'n' Daddy got married, was I?"
Stark scoffed and tossed the towel aside. “Yeah, what was that thing I’ve told you time and again? Oh, right, following’s not really my style.”
She shrugged. "I dunno. You 'r Daddy's usu'lly around. We're not 'lowed to be by ourselves. You 'n' Daddy 're 'fraid someone's gonna try to take us."
in it), he showered and shaved and plucked and dried his hair and slipped into a red- and-gold silk and lace negligée. He rolled a pair of stockings up his legs and hooked them to the garter belt then watched a couple YouTube videos on the proper technique for the makeup style he thought would most impress Steve then stood in front of the bathroom mirror and tried it out on himself — fuck him, he really liked playing with makeup — and was able to come as close to the smoky look he was trying for as he figured he was going to be able to.
Steve just looked at him, and he tilted his head to the side and frowned some.
He sat at the table in the small Brooklyn apartment the organization that called itself SHIELD had set up for him. He couldn't complain; it was actually a nice joint — much nicer than the dump he'd lived in before the war. It was clean and seemingly well-built and had good lighting. Certainly not the tenement-living he'd done as a kid.
"Yeah? Don't look so bad there yourself, soldier."
"Your non-existent dick?"
Natasha scowled a bit like she was more annoyed at their intrusion than Tony was, and she looked up at them and said a somewhat annoyed, "
"I do."
He took a sharp inhale of breath and used both Steve and the mattress as a counterbalance to push himself to his feet, grunting out the breath, and he reached down and took the baby out of Steve's arm and shuffled over to the rocking chair. Taking care to cradle the baby and sit down as gently as he could, he settled into the chair, Steve turning back to watch his every move, an eyebrow slightly raised in question.
" like Tony had just offered her the world.
"No," Steve said with a yawn and a shake of the head. He smiled a little at Tony and said, "I did notice that I didn't get anything from you."
And that's when he felt it. Some weird jerky motion in his abdomen.
want?"
," the doctor said, a pointed tone to her voice, "please relax your legs. The sooner you do it, the sooner this can all be over with."
Steve just shrugged again. "I guess people today just have no appreciation for the past and no sense of hometown pride."
"And how do
She just shrugged, her gaze cast down to her sandwich, but Bruce could tell the words had gotten through and had been much appreciated by her.
"Future me is a moron, and it's not even future me. It's some sort of alternate universe me that must have been desperate. I'd feel sorry for the idiot, but clearly he knew what he was getting himself into."
Steve stood back up and said, "You really don't have to—"
She shrugged. "I dunno."
Steve nodded at this, and he was quiet a moment before he said, "Well, then we just make sure that doesn't happen."
Tony shrugged a little. "Not particularly. Feels a little weird, but after literally pushing a human being out of myself, 'weird' is relative."
They stared at the TV a few more moments before Steve said, during what appeared to be yet another rape scene, "Should we really be watching this with her in the room?"
one of the responsible ones doesn't say much for the relative maturity of the rest of them."
But instead of responding, Steve scooped Tony up into his arms and carried him up the steps like an eager groom on the wedding night. He kicked the door open with his foot, which sent a shot of want straight down to Tony's groin, and the lights automatically came up a fraction as Steve set him down on the bed and climbed on top of him, covering him, arms bracing him over Tony as he dipped his head to capture Tony's lips with his own. Tony reached up to meet him, hands fumbling with Steve's belt as he worked to undo it, and Steve kissed him one more time before he sat back and unhooked it himself, unzipping his pants and untucking his dark shirt, face flushing and pupils dilating.
be out there. I'm the captain. That's my team out there. I should be out there helping and setting an example and promoting our cause."
"So, that's why you did this to us?" Steve asked but didn't lessen his grasp on Tony's shoulders any.
Steve took a deep breath and nodded, exhaling the breath in resignation rather than relief. "If that's what you want," Steve said.
Tony felt Steve's hands slide beneath his arms, and he gently tugged him to his feet. Steve pressed his body up against his, and with Steve's hard cock pressing into his belly, he felt Steve reach behind and undo the bindings that held his wrists. He then pulled Tony's arms so they were in front of him again, and he put his wrists together once more and bound them yet again.
just spit it out."
"If you don't know, Stevie, I'm not gonna tell you."
"Yep, you got me," he said and put his hands to the guy's shoulders again and tried to shove him off. "Now, if you would be so kind as to get out of my way—"
bottoming for the Cap. He didn't think. It was hard to say. He hadn't done it much in his lifetime — maybe not even a handful of times — because contrary to what the world thought about Tony Stark, he was actually quite embarrassingly
Tony blinked. "Not following."
"Am I sleeping with Thor?"
"So, I mean," Tony continued, "it's not like it's totally permanent. I'm not taking myself off the team forever. I just— I think it would be best if one of us stays back here with her at all times — just in case. Just in case something... My baby's not going to be an orphan if I can help it."
"You don't know that, Steve. It could happen, and if it does, I just want…" He scowled a little and folded his arms, averting his gaze. "I just…I want to be able to say I was married."
Tony struggled to his feet, wiping his mouth off with the back of his dirt-stained hand. "OK?
"I'm the one that pushed you to let him go," she murmured.
"Nothing. Turned the spoon the wrong way—"
"Yeah, real mature there, Preggers."
Steve's face fell. "I'm sorry, Tony. I know how much you—"
"Clearly not as many times as you have," Natasha said, and Hill nodded her agreement.
He glanced over to the couch at the opposite end of the room. It was pretty comfortable. He'd slept on it several times himself. It would probably do for the night.
Not that he'd ever really
"Tony? Tony, it's OK," Romanoff said, her voice oddly soothing, even if it was a little jarring to hear her use his first name. "We're here for you. We're not going to abandon you. And Clint's not going to make any more jokes about this."
"I've done it before," he said and fiddled with the straps, fitting his breasts into the cups and tugging on it so that it fit as comfortably as it possibly could. He sighed a little when he thought he'd gotten it, and he held his arms out and modeled it and said, "Well? What do you think?"
"Yeah."
"Steve had a type," he continued after a moment. "Steve always had a type. He always claimed he just wanted a nice, sweet girl to love him, but no," he said and shook his head. "That's not— Steve liked a challenge. Steve came alive when someone challenged him — when someone gave as good as he did. Steve says one thing, but deep down, he means something else — or he did. Like I said, he said he just wanted a nice, sweet girl to settle down with and have a family with, but Steve— That would have been too easy for him. He said it because he was expected to say that. He thought that's what he was supposed to want. But I knew he—"
"What'd you tell him?" Hill asked, glass to her lips.
He frowned a little, his face softening once again, and he rubbed his hands up and down Tony's arms.
"What if I wanted to do it?" Rhodey asked, though Tony knew it was simply for conversation's sake and not because he actively wanted to walk Pepper down the aisle at her wedding.
"Whoa!" Barton said and came into sight, his tux a much better fit than Bruce's was on him and a glass of something in his hand. "Catty Stark is with us tonight, I see."
"Can you blame her?" Tony asked then pretended to shoot a glance down at Steve's very firm, tight ass, which was difficult to do seeing as he was sitting on it.
"Why?"
"Hey, whoa!" Steve said and put his hands out to placate him. "Tony, calm down—"
medical history. Don't just make one up."
"Yeah," he said with an exhale of breath. "I know, I just…"
pain or—"
He picked up his glass. "What does Barnes think about it? I mean, he claims to remember some of what happened before the whole, uh…Soviet Assassin Era."
"Well, I'm just trying to speak 'old man' for you so you understand. Wouldn't want you confused by something the under-nineties can appreciate."
"What are you talking about? He's a tactical genius."
. Look at me, Steve. Look at me." He motioned to himself the moment Steve turned his head to gaze at him.
Tony just shot a bemused little smile at the person that had shouted that to him. "I want to say none of your business, but you'll take that to mean there's trouble in paradise, which there could be nothing further from the truth. Has it changed my relationship with Steve? Yeah. I mean, I'd be lying if I said everything between us was exactly the same as it was before. I'm
"The media," Steve finished for him, and Tony clamped his mouth shut and nodded.
Tony jumped up. "Whoa! Whoa! It's not his fault!" he cried and stood between Steve and Rhodey. "Look, there were two of us in that room, we both jointly decided it was something we wanted to try. We tried it. A lot. And, you know—" He motioned down at himself like it explained everything.
It was coming up on the end of May, which meant the annual Foundation gala was only a couple weeks away, but more importantly, it was coming up on an even more momentous occasion — even if, unbeknownst to the public, Natasha Carbonell was scheduled to make her first 'official' appearance at that event.
"They stick you guys on everything, don't they?" Barnes said and looked at Steve, but Wilson just humphed and folded his arms.
Tony patted his arm. "Steve, babe, you know I love you, but you give Thor a run for his money in the chowing down on food department, and that's saying something because that guy could actually probably eat a horse and still look for seconds."
Against his better judgment, he padded over to the couch and stood next to Steve. Before he could get a word out Steve broke his concentration on the tablet and looked up at him.
And who's
"What?"
Tony let out a frustrated groan, and he tipped his head back and bared his neck, and Steve could only think Tony was taunting him — exposing the creamy column of flesh to be kissed and sucked and lavished. "Fine. Fuck, Steve. Make love to me!"
Pepper had pursed her lips into a flat line, and she shook her head a little and stared at him, almost like she was disappointed in his attempt to rationalize with himself.
"It's because it is," Tony replied then sighed and waved Steve off. "Go. Read your pregnancy articles, you overgrown boy scout."
"Isn't it?"
"What?"
"You? Which would be…pretty weird considering you were kind of a Capsicle when I built him — unless there's something to the whole 'bondmate' theory and your consciousness was somehow reaching through the ether to inspire me."
"Wait, are you calling me 'fat'? 'Cause Steve called me 'fat' a couple weeks ago."
decided all this at the last minute, didn't you?"
"I'm a soldier, Tony, not a teacher. I follow orders, I don't give them. Well, I mean, I guess within reason, I do, but—"
"Hmm?" he asked, rolling his eyes and repacking the
He set the black thing down rather casual-like, and Steve raised an eyebrow and said, "I don't think you hate this stuff as much as you pretend to."
"Well, I figure you were there for that momentous event, so…"
"Golly gee willikers, you're not from the farm! You didn't just fall off the turnip truck!"
He faked a gasp. "Steven! How could you?"
"Can feel your arteries hardening already, can't you?" Tony said.
Tracy's brown eyes sparkled in delight. "That's amazing. God, you're so lucky."
"Do you think it's…weird…that, completely making me question everything I'd ever thought about myself aside, I'm kind of enjoying this whole thing?"
"No," Bucky said with a shrug, "but I just assumed—"
"I don't know," he said, not talking about himself but what he had seen and what Steve — his Steve in the future — had come from.
Bruce began a long-winded spiel on the life and career of one James Marshall Hendrix, and Tony tuned out and instead let his mind and his gaze wander. Most of the photographs in the vicinity were of dead or now-aged rock stars, which was interesting in theory, he supposed, but he had an internet connection. He knew how to use Google. He could look this shit up in no time and buy a fucking reproduction if he wanted it so badly.
Steve had been watching him like a hawk ever since Esmeralda had vanished into thin air, not letting him get more than three feet away from him as he grilled Thor over any possible exceptions to Esmeralda's hexes. Thor, to his credit, was good-natured about the whole thing, answering Steve's increasingly frustrated questions with patience and good-humor, though he didn't seem to quite comprehend what the issue was.
He lessened his hold and pulled her away so she was back to just sitting on his lap and not hugging him. "Did you not hear who her 'Daddy' is?" he asked and looked between Rhodey and Bruce. "Even if I felt that way about Captain Needs-to-Learn-How-to-Take-a-Joke, which I clearly don't—" he shot a glare at Bruce, even though Rhodey was the one to say,
He snorted a laugh. "You wouldn't believe it."
Tony startled a little at the name, and as Olivia fought Steve again as best as a six-week-old could and Steve sighed and pulled the bottle away once more, Tony only then realized that he had been 'Mommy' over the course of the past six weeks.
ego couldn't get any bigger."
"Anyway," he said, and Steve tilted his head a bit, looking for explanation for Tony's previous strange little actions, "the serum may have given you
get to do that."
He stripped off his shorts and his underwear and placed them aside in a neatly folded pile, and wrapping the sheet around him, he
," Rhodey said over him, "ever since you met the guy, he's all you've been able to talk about."
"Something about Mjolnir going into a wall?"
It wasn't just the personality that was wrong. It was the other, smaller things as well. This Tony Stark was supposedly in a relationship with a stunningly beautiful woman named Pepper Potts, who was the CEO of Stark Industries — Howard's old company — and a highly successful one at that. He understood their portfolio to be quite impressive, whatever that meant, the company undergoing a new era of growth and prosperity and innovation under her leadership.
But he also liked to think that she would adore Olivia.
"Sounds like this has happened before," Bruce said.
She exhaled a heavy breath. "Perhaps, but not in the way you're thinking." She reached out to Tony and touched a hand to his cheek. "You are much more than just the body that you come in."
thing in the world. Yeah, OK, gun to his head, he actually found it kind of hot. But not for two fucking hours or more at speeds of upwards of seventy miles an hour or better. A fucking helmet wasn't going to do much to protect
He was, well, not
Steve stared at it a moment before shook his head. "Whatever," he murmured before he turned and left to take a shower. Tony would have followed, but he was too comfortable where he was, and besides, someone had to run the show.
This time, Tony hummed and said, "Somehow, I'm thinking it's a little more selfish than the noble 'peace on earth, good will toward men.'"
"I want to try something."
Tony groaned. "Fuck me, you're doing it again. Just stop, OK? Just don't talk. Don't say anything. Don't even look. Just sit there. Look out the window. Yeah, just sit there and look out your window and don't say anything."
"Whatever you think is the best approach," he said then turned his attention to the newborn in Tony's arms. He reached out a hand and he brushed light and gentle fingers over the top of her small head. He frowned and said, "Are you sure it doesn't hurt?"
better 'n he is. He likes to boil stuff. That's wha' they did when he was little back when there were
"Second-nature. You don't really think about it."
or Steve's energy that he was feeling wasn't that at all. Maybe it was naïve hope. Maybe it was some hormone his body was producing to keep him going and keep him from falling apart because he now had a squawking newborn to take care of, and the last thing a squawking newborn needed was a mother that was falling apart because her — his — whatever's husband was dead. Very clever, Mother Nature. Very coy, you little bitch. That wasn't Steve at all, was it? That was something just so he wouldn't leave his newborn to starve to death.
"Yeah, OK!" Bruce said and stepped in before Tony could say anything more. He made a face then crouched down to the kid's level and said, "Hey, sweetheart, so, in case you haven't noticed, your, uh,
Tony started to say, "You'd never
Tony. Tony was standing there, leaning against what he now realized was a
He shook his head. "Nope, you brought this one on yourself. You said you'd go if I went with you, and I agreed to go with you, so—"
"What?" he asked. "Good son-of-a-bitch or bad son-of-a-bitch?"
But Steve didn't love him — not in the same way, not as much. Steve had settled for the first sure thing that had come his way. Why, Tony didn't know, but he had. Maybe having missed his chance with Peggy had scared him, had made him afraid not to act, made him jump into bed with the first brown-eyed brunette that had looked his way after he'd come out of the ice.
stupid."
He keened a little bit again and tipped his head back so it was resting against Steve's shoulder, and he took a breath and was finally able to whisper out, "
"Good girl," Steve said and pressed a kiss against his shoulder. Steve left him for a moment before he felt the bed dip with his weight, and then Steve was pressed up against his back and nudging his legs apart. "How wet are you?" he murmured into his ear before he stuck a finger inside of Tony. Tony let out a silent gasp at the touch, and Steve hummed in encouragement and said, "Mmm…
be attending the gala that year (though not giving any speeches; the hell with that). Surprised, but supportive. The Board was breathing down her neck about Tony's disappearance, and she was growing frustrated by the day at the way the media was spinning the whole affair into some illicit and scandalous debacle that called everyone's morality and mentality into question. She had been Tony's friend long before they'd ever attempted to date, and even if their romance hadn't worked out, she was still his friend first and foremost.
not have used protection like we should have— But in our defense, it's not like we ever had a need for it before all this, which is probably too much information for some of you, but whatever."
"Ugh," he said and dug the hash brown out of the bag. "Could we not mention that?"
Steve just reached out a hand for Tony. "We'll figure something out. Come on. It's early enough. We'll take a nap and order Chinese or something."
Maria had been cordial to him, but it was the family's butler…or cook…or valet… handyman?...pretty much the one that took care of them, Edwin Jarvis, that had been not only polite to him but
listen. I don't think you
"Princess?" Tony asked, highly affronted. "If anything, I am a goddamned
"Uh, OK?" Bruce said and blinked at them. "I'm not sure what—"
"I've been trying. Pepper asked me the same, but I— but I— Oh, god, Steve. I can't— I can't. What if she's Hydra, Steve?"
But Tony hummed and went up on his toes and pressed a kiss to Steve's cheek and said. "Later. Shower now," and left the kitchen to go back upstairs, Steve's disappointed-sounding sigh bidding him his only adieu.
"Maybe," he said, not budging from his resolve, "but they're not going to."
"Ty Stone?" Steve — darling, wonderful Steve — said, sounding a little confused. "Isn't he the guy that owns all that media…stuff?"
Jim, the baby settled on his lap, made a face and nodded his head as though to say,
"All right, look, it sounded a lot cooler in my head. But I'm serious, you hurt him again, I don't think I'm going to be able to side with you. Now, he hurts you? That's a different thing entirely. You hurt him…"
with—"
"You both still fail to understand the strength and power of your bond to one another. It is sacred and something few of your kind can ever experience. You know yourselves to be bond mates. You should embrace the blessing the universe has bestowed upon you."
"Ugh, I'm so jealous. I'd let him knock me up in a heartbeat. Do you think it's serious?"
"Being parents. Being superheroes."
"Yeah," Tony said but didn't elaborate, instead saying, "not that I really want to part with her, well,
He must have ignored them for far too long because the next thing he knew, Natasha was leveling a serious look at Bucky and telling him to be on his best behavior tonight.
He rolled his eyes. "Are you kidding? I was all set to go, but
He hummed a little in intrigue and said, "Believe it, babe," before he slid his hands around Steve's shoulders and leaned down a little further to nuzzle at his neck.
she was my daughter and she stomped around here like she owned the damned place. I couldn't wait to get her back to wherever she'd come from at first. By the end, I didn't want her to leave."
than that, Steve. I'm
"Easier cleanup," he said with a shrug, and Tony rolled his eyes.
"Convenient," Tony said and untucked the bottom of the box from the top. "Seriously, though," he said as he closed it up, "how in the hell did your family get their hands on these? Are they even real? Did I just spend twenty-five thousand dollars on a couple of fakes?"
kind of assurance about something.
"I don't know. A long time."
"TMI, Stark. Really TMI."
He just nodded, and she squeezed his arms and made to turn until he said, "Do we all have tells or just Steve?"
, Pep. She's got me on camera saying it. I didn't deny it was Steve's. I fucking
But Steve just put his hands on Tony's shoulders and shoved him toward the door. "Some other time," he said with a laugh, and they left the establishment and found their way to the street.
Steve sighed and shook his head as he read over his tablet later that afternoon.
Steve stared at him a moment then said, "Did you hurt yourself on that turnaround?"
"Stevie, go see what your princess is doing in the kitchen so we can talk about you behind your back. Give. Me. The. Kid."
"Aren't you supposed to be scouring the nine realms for our friend?"
"). He hadn't noticed anything for himself or Tony from any of these people — well, except for 'Your Best Pal, Clint,' from whom, as it turned out, they'd received membership in a 'jelly of the month' club.
"You're closer to her, aren't you? I mean, you're her real father, so it makes sense—"
Tony? Tony Stark? Iron Man Tony Stark?"
"Tony, she might not want to follow in your footsteps."
"Right
Steve scratched at the back of his head. "So, you mean we—"
," JARVIS said, sounding anything but contrite, "
Steve crouched down on the other side of the box to take a look at it. "Four-in-one, huh?" he said, examining the colorful, advertised specs on the box. "A lot more convoluted than what they had in my day."
Tony rolled his eyes in an exaggerated motion. "Again, the mood whiplash with you is mind-boggling. It's a television."
But the hell he was ever going to admit to them that it was anything remotely approaching a good idea.
Steve's face folded into a frown again. "Does it hurt? I'm sorry. You don't have to do that if you don't want to."
Rhodey turned from where he was talking with Natasha and Pepper, and Wilson beckoned him over. He made his excuses to the girls then joined them and said, "Yeah? What?"
Steve's sharp gaze went over to Barton at that for some reason, and Barton put his hands up in what looked like apology and sat back.
"Great," he said and rubbed a hand over his belly. "Steve must be pissed."
He swallowed and took a breath to calm the thrum of desire that was shivering through his veins. No, they'd done quite enough for tonight. He was tired — sort of; that shower had really woken him up — and it was late, and he wasn't sure he could handle one more round of Steve controlling when he could come, as much as he loved it. He just needed to relax, get something light to eat, and go to sleep. His body would thank him for it.
"Six-one," Steve said, flat and with just a little bit of smugness. "Maybe there's a little more than five inches between us."
She rolled her eyes and waved off his concern. "Oh...of course not. You're more than that. It's just... You are the defender. Your bonded is the creator. Now, do you want me to make it easier to kill you, or don't you?"
The colors were more stereotypically feminine than what he was used to, but there was an exam table (with...
"What do you want to do?"
"It's fine. Look, can we get back home already?"
"Hey! You can't blame this on the future. This is all those assclowns at Hydra. Take it up with them."
OK, this was
"Then?"
"You can sit there. If you want," he said. "Make things easier for both of us, I think."
"No," he replied, none-too-happy about it. "We can't. The others would kill us. And I don't mean figuratively. They would
He sat up as the others turned on him, Thor loosening his grasp on Steve, Esmeralda smiling in delight while the other three gawked at him in shock, surprise, and a little bit of horror. Tony sighed and looked down at himself, which, going by the breasts and the long, dark hair that fell in his face as he looked down, was maybe not the right pronoun to use.
"You know, I'm standing right here," she said. "I can hear your conversation plain as day."
of it before.
. But yeah, OK, the
Tony scoffed and rolled his eyes, and he went back to looking at himself in the mirror, poking and prodding and just generally eyeing all his flaws with disgust. "You're so full of shit."
"You really think that idiot wanted to break up with you? Really? Let me tell you, the night you broke up with him, when you fucked off to god-knows-where, three o'clock in the morning, your little boyfriend shows up at the doorstep, crying, begging us to tell him what he did wrong."
"Come on," he said quietly. "Let's get cleaned up and go to bed."
Well, it
Wanda and Viz, now that I think about it, too, but that…" He made a face and scratched at his jaw. "There's something they're not telling us, and I'm not sure I want to know what it is. Thor doesn't count. He says it's natural for soul mates to feel that way about each other, but he's a fucking alien."
body, right?"
"I love you."
Steve was to Tony what
"Honey, let's face it. The only way I'm sleepin' on the couch is if you're sleepin' there with me."
Tony groaned and rubbed his hands over his face. "Sure, sure," he said finally. "Yeah, no, I totally get it. Magic lady thinks Steve and I need a kid to 'complete' us or something like that." He turned to Thor. "Hey, didn't she see you there? How come you and Jane aren't dealing with something like this right now instead of me and Steve?"
"Steve, come on, you're not a stupid guy. Even you know the risks and challenges something like this would pose."
"Captain America, huh? Anyone listen to boring, old Steve Rogers?"
Tony stopped at the door to the bathroom and switched the light on, and standing there only in a pair of red briefs, he turned toward Steve and said, "Well?"
to be my Antonia."
"OK," she said with a shrug.
"Bruce said she was nine pounds, twelve ounces," Steve replied like those four ounces made a fucking difference.
Steve raised an eyebrow. "We're doing it here?"
But since being able to find some peace and purpose in this new millennium, the sleep came much easier for him, and tucked into a warm and comfortable bed with the love of his life sleeping beside him and dark skies greeting him from beyond the plate glass windows before him, it was all he could do not to stay curled up beneath those blankets all day.
"What are you going to do with postcards of Jones Beach?" Wilson called out to him.
Barton shrugged. "Maybe it's a remnant from when you were a woman. You got pregnant. When you got changed back...maybe not everything changed back, if you get my drift?"
"Fine," Tony said, "but only 'cause I have the lights down, and if I'm not careful, DUM-E will try pouring motor oil over my ice cream again because he thought it looked like caramel sauce, and I can't see it well enough to judge it before eating it."
Steve shot a look at him and said, "Believe it or not, we had those back in my day, too."
Steve, against what Tony knew was his better judgment, smiled right back.
Tony glanced back and watched as Wilson fought for something he could say that wasn't… insulting? Was he really thinking of ways of insulting Tony?
He considered himself then said, "It's OK, I guess."
Steve sighed. "Tony, what did I tell you about conflating my title with—"
"Former SHIELD safe house," Steve said.
"It's not something we felt the public needed to be made aware of," Steve said. "We contained the threat and remedied the situation with minimal damage to the perimeter."
"Yeah, well, that could happen. Anything could happen, Steve. I don't think having a party with a bunch of our friends where they freely and willingly
He pulled it out, closed the door with his elbow, and took it over to the counter. He unwrapped it, the scents of processed deli meats and cheeses along with lettuce, tomato, onion, bread, and dressing creating a delicious symphony of smells that made his mouth water and his stomach grumble with desire. Or was that this fucking child looking for another free handout?
He came, tremors running through him in areas he still wasn't used to, gasping lightly lest anyone overhear and think he was in distress. God, if this was the way things were going to be until the end of this pregnancy, he wasn't sure he'd be able to handle it. There was being horny and there was needing to be fucked silly. He wasn't sure even Steve had the stamina for the latter.
is import—"
When I was making my fourteen thousand dollar bet with that asshole—" he motioned to Barton, who winced and looked around at the group as though to ask, 'What the hell did I do?' then continued, "—did you
She chuckled, light and full of mirth. "No," she said, smiling broadly at him, "but I can tell you that you will soon meet someone that can. I suggest to tread lightly."
"Tony," Bruce said, "I think Nat probably just wants to hang out with Pepper and Hill without—"
"I thought it prudent to avoid such lies and falsehoods," Thor replied earnestly.
Bruce let that hang in the air a moment before he said, "Does he know?"
Hammer's obnoxious voice cut out as Tony turned the TV off, tossing the remote to the foot of the bed where it was far out of reach for him. He turned to Steve, who was looking at his actions in slight confusion and said, "Oh, sorry. Were you listening to that?"
this body long enough to even breast feed? Jesus Christ, did those words just come out of my mouth?"
"I just want to stress that," Tony said as they walked, hand-in-hand, along the side of the country road in one of the bumfuckiest parts of New York State. If he was being charitable and objective, he would say it was a gorgeous spring Saturday with blue skies and fluffy white clouds and the sun shining brightly above them. The trees and overgrowth that lined the roadway were budding and blossoming, shocks of bright green overtaking the last vestiges of winter brown. Birds chirped in the near distance. It was as quiet and peaceful and contenting as could possibly be, and maybe under better circumstances, he could enjoy it a little more.
"You still saved him," Steve said, and there was nothing but warmth and gratitude emanating from him as he added, "Thank you."
"You got it, Boss," she said and left, nodding 'hello' to Thor as she left the kitchen and he entered.
He nodded again and turned back to his breakfast, and when he glanced up to look in Barnes's direction, he saw an eclectic combination of emotions crossing his face: old-school pride that his pal had scored himself a catch—
"OK, in the vernacular of today: Philly sucks."
"Like killing my parents?" he asked, the words like acid on his tongue.
"You know," Steve mused, a glimmer of mirth in his eyes and humor in his voice, "that sounds an awful lot like you're proposing a mutiny."
Steve suddenly looked a little panicked. "But you said—"
But Steve just chuckled a little and said, "You'll be fine. I promise. It doesn't last the whole pregnancy, I don't think."
The swab he'd taken of his baby girl was an identical match to the swab Bruce had taken over two years earlier. Tony was singled out as being her 'probable' parent as he had been back then, but Tony had set it up to run it against all the genetic samples he had stored in the database, and sure enough, another match came up this time:
