Cas glances up, finds the guy’s eyes on him like he’s genuinely interested. “Yes,” he pulls out a takeaway cup, “Just the afternoon shift though. I have lectures in the mornings.”
“Alright, green tea with jasmine it is,” the guy says, decisively.
“Cas,” Dean gasps, hand twisting in Cas’s hair. His hips are still moving in small, aborted movements and he smells incredible, warm and musky under the smooth satin and swirled lace of his panties. “Cas,” breathless, this time, “Please.”
“Help yourself to something from the display,” Cas gestures in the direction of the home-baking he’d put out just before Dean had arrived. “On the house.”
Dean closes his eyes in resignation, trying to gather himself.
“Are you alright?” Cas’s voice is low and gravelly, the timbre of it sending shivers all through Dean. Cas is leaning forward in his chair, brow furrowed slightly as he regards Dean, wild-eyed and straining against his restraints.
“Good,” Cas replies, because he’s spent most of today still on a high from yesterday. He can’t help returning Dean’s familiar grin, wonders fleetingly at how easy it is to be happy around him, how smiling comes as naturally as breathing. It’s almost disorientating. “What are you drinking?”
“What?” Dean blinks.
, Cas,” he swallows, darkened gaze following the mirrored movement in Cas’s own throat and he lets out a soft, involuntary moan. “God – it’s – everything is so much louder, like this,” he says breathlessly, “I can’t – Cas – please.”
“Your blood is telling me things, Cas,” Dean groans, overcome by the heat of it, so close. When he opens his eyes again, Cas is staring at him with barely disguised want that does absolutely nothing to abate his own. He feels his stomach somersault, and god he’s so screwed. He’s always been screwed when it comes to Cas, but nothing could have foreseen this (this: being bitten by a vamp masquerading as a kindergarten teacher, consequently being handcuffed to a bed, and left alone with the person he’s spent the last five years pining over standing vigil).
Cas rolls his eyes right back at Dean and rolls up the sleeves of his vintage patterned shirt, exposing the intricate ink on his own arms. “Alright, give me your arm, then.”
Dean thinks, as they kiss under the ancient constellations, it doesn’t need a mark anymore. Not now, not after all these years. They both know the truth.
“I get that,” Dean looks more serious than Cas has ever seen him. “That kind of stuff, it can be –” he pauses, carefully, “Kind of a big weight to carry.”
“Tea?” the guy wrinkles his nose in a way that’s more adorable than it has any right to be.
, and
“You only want my blood,” Cas manages, sounding breathless. “Not me.”
“Oh,” Cas looks down at his own untouched candy, brings it up to his mouth and sucks experimentally. “It’s like… toothpaste,” he frowns at Dean, letting the cool, clean taste fill his mouth. He sucks again, slower, trying to get a sense of the flavour. “It’s quite nice.”
“I think he’s just like that with everyone,” Cas argues, defensively, “I’m not embarrassing myself or him by trying to make that more than it isn’t. Plus, he’ll probably never come in again.” Cas feels his heart sink as he says the words, desperately wanting to be wrong but also not wanting to get his hopes up when he’ll almost certainly never see Dean again.
“I don’t know, I think you kind of pull it off,” Dean’s eyes sweep approvingly up and down.
“Well, thanks Cas,” the guy grins, warm and flirtatious. “I’m Dean, by the way.”
“Cas –”
“Are you trying to work me out?” Cas frowns in surprise.
“I wanted to too,” Dean says, “In case that wasn’t already obvious,” he laughs, easy and warm and so
“Do you believe her?” Cas asks, removing the tea strainer. The colour of the tea is a subtle golden green, and Cas is suddenly struck by how similar it is to Dean’s eyes.
“A little edgy,” Dean admits, “But okay. Starving though. I didn’t have time for breakfast.”
Cas swallows, realises he’s been caught staring. “Um –” he stammers, trying in vain to stop the head flooding his cheeks. “Our London Fog is quite popular at the moment, and the special this week is the pumpkin spice latte. Or we have cold drinks. Local raspberry and vanilla cordial or ice cream milkshakes. Sparkling water. Uh - it depends what you like, really,” he finishes lamely, internally cursing the way he can feel his cheeks burning.
, dropping so many hints I’m surprised you don’t fall over them on your way out. He’s probably bewildered as to why you just stand there all gooey-eyed and never reciprocate. If you’re not careful, he’ll just assume you’re not into him and stop buying pretentious tea here.”
it, out loud in the clearing like they both still exist, instead of through the ether. He’s trembling. Dazedly, he realises that the times Dean has prayed to him over the past year may have been the only time he’s spoken at all. “Cas, I know you can’t hear me, but –” he breaks off, takes a deep breath, eyes still closed. “I need you, Cas. I just – I really need you, Cas,” Dean’s voice tightens, like his throat is thick with tears, “Please.”
Up until now, Dean has managed pretty damn well at completely ignoring any less than platonic feelings he has for Cas. But trying to maintain that kind of front while Cas has been eyeing him seductively him at every possible opportunity has – been taking its toll, to say in the least. Last week, Dean accidentally stabbed a tree instead of the irate werewolf he was hunting, all because Cas showed up in a dramatic flash of light, all rumpled hair and protective glare. Later that same day, Dean had been forced to abandon his pie in the diner because, honestly, having Cas eye-fucking him across the table with Sam right there was all just a bit much. Two nights ago, Dean, flustered from hours of Cas staring at him like he wanted to jump him, attempted to take a drink from a lamp on his bedside table instead of the bottle of beer.
it makes Cas’s heart ache. He cups Dean’s face in his hands and kisses back until he’s dizzy with it, lost in it, until they’re both grinding against each other breathlessly. It’s so insanely good Cas feels a little like he’s dreaming, but the solid heat of Dean’s body against his is all too real to be fantasy. Cas kisses back with everything he has, giving himself over to everything he thought was impossible.
Meg was nowhere to be found.
Dean told as much of the truth as he could but he knew no one would believe him about Purgatory, about how Castiel was lost in that separate dimension. Even the Realm’s greatest scholars did not know of its existence. The best explanation Dean could concoct for the rows upon rows of people looming over him was that the Angel was unreachable.
“Well,” Garth said, “you were the one who taught us the signs.”
Dean smiles.
the souls whispered,
Ummmm, sorry? I absolutely want to know your reactions to this one. Did you see this coming? Any guesses on what the master plan is?
“You seem young.” Castiel rested his chin in his hand. “How old are you?”
"Okay. So why does he officially not exist? Where-- Is he--"
you to kneel for me.”
“I--” Dean swallowed, his eyes as bright as the sun behind him. “I have a concern.”
Cas fell into Dean’s arms the moment they saw each other. He whispered Dean’s name over and over, arms wrapped tight around Dean’s shoulders. While he didn’t know what was going on, Dean remained in the doorway of his room and held Cas. Dean waited until Cas’s breaths evened out and his body stilled.
“Stay,” Dean whispers.
“I suppose.”
“I assume you have questions.” Castiel indicated the chair, where the book Dean brought still lay. “Feel free to take a seat.”
But he let them. The humans seemed to need it. Castiel wanted to shout that he was the reason they were in their current predicament, that he was the reason that the Long War took such a dark turn. However, he knew the humans needed hope and, when they needed hope, they called him the Angel.
“You think we can do it?”
“And well, we figured one Winchester was better than none,” she concluded.
The grass beneath Dean’s was far greener than he had ever seen. The flowers-- in saturated colours-- grew together in harmony despite their unique needs. The trees, plants, and bushes hailed both from places Dean knew and would never see. The sunlight came from everywhere and nowhere, casting the whole place in a welcoming golden glow. Dean inhaled deeply, catching the sweet scent of the flowers and the freshness of the perpetual spring breeze.
A metal door screeched open, and two voices floated towards Castiel, one beloved and familiar and one he hadn't heard in a long time.
“He? Who’s he?”
Stark white lighting swirled overhead. Beeping machines, the scuffle of shoes on hard flooring, and voices sounded from all around, unfiltered, incomprehensible. It was too much, too much, too much.
“Oh, I can’t complain. Couple months ago I would’ve killed them or sent them back into the War.” Balthazar jumped off the bed. “Even Sam Winchester’s been rather pragmatic about this whole thing. He just nods at me in the hallway.”
The woman laughed, pushing her cart forward when the line moved. "Handsome, funny, and a hands-on dad." She reached into the cart and loaded her bottles onto the belt. "Your wife is a lucky woman."
Not that Dean knew what Sam was doing anywhere. Not lately, anyway.
“Yes because the mines are near--” The Captain glanced up at Dean. “The mines are nearby.”
Garth’s smile faltered the tiniest amount and tried to catch Dean’s attention, as he never meant to cause a scene. Dean, however, was not interested in speaking. He glared down at his desk, his eyes seeing nothing, with an expression on his face harder than steel.
“Whoa, dude, are you oka-- Wait. Sam?”
“Wait!” Dean shouted.
Kevin jumped up from his bed at the sudden intrusion, a cascade of papers falling to the floor. “Who--”
,” Sam said, gesturing with his bloodied knife to the treeline.
Staring up at the ceiling of his dark room, Dean focused on his body. He clenched and unclenched his unmarked hands. He bent his unbroken knees. He curled his intact toes.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean said after his latest attack nearly reached Castiel’s throat, “you’re going easy on me.”
“I know.” Jamie winked. “By the way, your Angel slipped away a little while ago. You should go after him.” She flashed a knowing smile.
I feel like this chapter needs a tag. Maybe something like body horror or dissociation.
“What?” Dean asked when Sam said nothing else.
Almost.
“It’s something I’ve been working on,” Ash said. “Makes the comedown easier. Don’t worry. I’ve tested it on myself.”
“Fair enough.” Dean took a deep breath. “It’s all we got.”
Sam had not received a response since Azazel left, passing effortlessly through the very wall Sam slammed with his fists. For Sam, the wall remained solid.
“Oh.” And Cas gets it. Dean can tell. Cas squeezes Dean’s hand, smiles. “You retired.”
"That's it?" Dean set his mug down on the table with a loud clunk. "
“I appreciate the offer but it’s best that I don’t,” Castiel said. In response to Sam’s lowered brow, Castiel elaborated, “I tend to attract too much attention.” His words held no vanity. Just fact.
"I told you, I'm John." He stepped forward. Sam shrank back. John clicked his tongue. "Fine, fine. I didn't lie. I am John. Or at least, I’m using his body."
“See you on the other side, brother.” Benny raised his axe and tipped his chin to Castiel.
He spat the blood back in her face.
Seraph whined and nosed at Castiel’s arm. Castiel pushed its snout away.
"No. No, you don't. You--" Dean stepped forward and leaned closer to Castiel. "You got a bunch of eyes and, like"-- His eyes flitted around Castiel's head-- "a bunch of heads. Is that a deer?"
They screamed.
“Some
“Well, I thought I died back in that village.” Garth moved closer to Dean and raised one hand into the light. “But, uh”-- Garth’s fingernails extended, becoming a claw-- “I didn’t.”
With one sharp yank from Castiel, the boulder rolled away to reveal a perfect sphere of blackness. The blackness was so dark, so opaque, that no one could see beyond it. Castiel and Dean stood side by side before the blackness, a slight wind disturbing the stagnant Purgatory air.
Castiel tilted his head. “Where did you meet him?”
“Alright,” she said, “I answer your question and you answer mine. Deal?”
alive”-- Balthazar indicated Dean-- “and now, since the Metatron can see through all those Creatures, I’m a traitor.”
The Captain stopped his frantic pacing on the gold embroidered rug and chose an armchair, looking alarmed when he sank into the comfortable cushions. “But you’re going to now?”
Sam's eyes were in danger of bulging out of his head as he leaned towards Dean. "Really? What was he like? Did you see his sword? Did he glow? Does he have wings?"
talk about?”
“I think he already is.”
“What is?”
“How much do you think that sword is worth? Though I guess no one would buy it if I nicked it.”
However, Dean continued to read. As part of his studies, Sam kept the book about Celestials on his bedside table. When Dean had a spare, private moment-- as rare as they were, especially after he started teaching Sam to defend himself-- he would seek meaning in the spiky letters on the page. They were harder to read than Castiel's careful letters but Dean's determined stubbornness made him persevere. Frustration happened, of course, but Dean never gave up.
"That book is not very accurate," said Castiel.
“Okay, okay. More of that later. Food first. Welcome to mortality, Cas.” Dean broke free from Castiel and headed toward the door, yelling as he went. “Hey! Sammy! We need some snacks in here!”
“Come on,” Balthazar said. “Aren’t you going to ask why I’m here?”
Sam pulled back but did not let go of Dean. “Dean. We’ll win this War. We will. And then you can feel like this, too.” Sam glanced at Castiel, who was politely listening to Jessica as she waited for the drinks. “Thank you, Dean. Thank you for looking after me but I’m okay now.” Sam brought Dean in for another bone-crushing hug. “I’m okay.”
The souls writhed within Castiel. They whispered their impatience, weary of all the waiting. Castiel reminded them of who brought them into being, who saved them from the prison known as Purgatory. He could keep the souls under control. The lesions on His vessel— hidden under his clothes— were just a test.
Cas stops. When he does, his wings keep going. Dean half-expects to hear the ping of an elastic band when the light collects on either side of Cas’s back. Now Cas looks like he has those fluffy white angel wings from the movies Dean expected back when he first met his angel. They are made of light rather than feathers but it fits Cas well. It’s adorable, yet badass at the same time.
"What do you need?" Dean asked.
Ruby led Sam into the centre of the Capital. Sam spared a glance down the pathway to Andrea's Tavern when they reached the crossroads between the Commons and the wealthy districts. Dean was out there somewhere, fighting and saving people as he always wanted. Sam was supposed to head back to the tavern, as he agreed to do in situations like this, and he paused. He took a single step down that path.
They lapse into easy silence, the sun-soaked road unfolding in front of them – and then Dean makes the colossal mistake of glancing in the mirror. He feels his stomach somersault; Cas’s gaze is boring into his, vivid blue and fucking
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean smiles, a tinge of something almost like disappointment in it, like he was wanting Cas to say something else instead. He grabs his tea and nods at Cas. “See you on the other side,” he tosses one last smile in Cas’s direction, and then he’s gone. The door clinks shut behind him, punctuating the silence of the café.
The first and last memories Dean has of Cas are the same: a strong, tight grip burning into Dean’s shoulder like sun.
that Cas can’t help smiling in response. “I just,” Dean adds, quieter, “I never thought you were interested.”
“Did you miss the bit where I drove the car off the road earlier today?” Dean demands, incredulously. His heart is pounding, because
“Cas, I never got to say – the things I wanted to, the things I should have said,” Dean can hear the way the words shake as he speaks, scared of them even now, even now they’re both dead. He swallows, tries to focus on Cas, because he matters so much more than fear. “I shouldn’t have made you wait, Cas, I made you wait so long, and I never said anything.”
Feeling flustered, Dean makes a grab for a bag of rice flour and starts measuring out into his mixing bowl. After a moment, he makes the colossal mistake of glancing up to see if Castiel is still there, and finds Castiel’s blue gaze still on him. The intensity of it runs through Dean like a shock, and he promptly fumbles the bag of flour in his hands. It slips from his grasp and lands with a heavy
the rush of hot blood through Cas’s veins, feel the light, airy swirl of his grace like clear water. He can taste the soft clarity of it, intriguing, compelling, familiar. He realises it’s a stronger version of the smell he associates with Cas’s hugs, and can’t help wondering if that’s what Cas’s skin would taste like under his tongue. The thought draws him in almost as much as the blood pumping just beneath it.
Craving more, Cas leans forward and takes Dean full in his mouth, swallowing him down and moaning at how absurdly good the weight of him feels inside him. Above him, Cas is vaguely aware of Dean shouting out, hand clenching in Cas’s hair again. Cas’s ears are ringing with how turned on he is, how incredible Dean feels on his tongue, heavy, hard heat. Cas swallows him deeper, deeper, until his nose is pressed to Dean’s stomach and he can feel it rapidly fluctuate between concave and conflux as Dean gasps for breath.
“Might this have had something to do with the drop-dead gorgeous man who was just in here flirting with you for the best part of half an hour?” Meg smirks.
, Cas. Fucking irresistible, okay? So fucking irresistible I can’t even think, just,” Dean groans, giving up on trying to conceal what he’s been trying to push down for goddamn years. His human insecurities have faded to irrelevance in the rush and heat of the desire burning through him, the venom slowly percolating his bloodstream. “Please, Cas,” he tugs at his cuffs again, feeling the muscles in his arms straining. He doesn’t even know what he’s pleading for, he just feels dizzy with want. Bloodlust and years of pent-up, unresolved, quiet longing.
“Is this okay?” Cas asks, voice low.
“Yes,” Dean breathes, and his hand comes up to rest against Cas’s back, pull him in closer, “God, Cas, yes. Fucking finally.”
Castiel had found that the hardest to bear of all. Half beside himself, he’d almost gone to Dean that night, to prove that Dean could have faith in something. But he didn’t, because if Dean was killed, there’d be no point in believing in anything.
Cas is too slow this time to avert his eyes before Dean turns around. He glances up to find Dean looking right at him, something heavy and unreadable in his expression. His gaze drops to where Cas’s had been a moment before, where there’s still a sliver of pink visible on the v of his hip. Instead of looking embarrassed, he just grins, raises his eyebrows suggestively, “Like something you see?” he asks, teasingly. The unreadable
Cas leans forward and presses his mouth to the tented pink satin, feels arousal jolt through him at the
“I’m fine,” Dean says, tightly, shoving the tub of currants away and cursing as it decides to tip itself over again, small black currants spilling all over the bench.
Cas’s expression is unreadable, and he seems to gather himself, shut down a little before saying, “You only feel like that because you’re a vampire right now, Dean.”
Dean lets out a sound that might be a breath of surprise or a groan, staring at Cas wide-eyed, heart pounding. Because this, this is all he’s wanted since he first laid eyes on Cas all those years ago and he can’t quite believe it. “Yes,” he murmurs, dazedly. “God, Cas – yes.”
Castiel smiles even wider, eyes bluer than ever, and, suddenly, Dean doesn’t mind one little bit if Castiel Novak is the reason he doesn’t win this competition. Although it’s far too cheesy for Dean to ever admit aloud, as he watches Cas dust flour from his bumblebee apron, cheeks flushed and eyes shining quietly, Dean feels as though he’s just won something far more important than Bake-Off.
“Uh –” Cas hastily folds the napkin in two so that Dean won’t see it before he leaves. Cas doesn’t think he could bear the embarrassment of watching Dean open it up in front of him. “There are orange spice ones, and raspberry and white chocolate.”
“Shut up,” Dean murmurs, voice low and lazy. Cas feels the rumble of his voice reverberate against him from where they’re pressed together. Dean tugs him a little closer, all soft warmth and hard muscle, “I can hear you overthinking from here, you big idiot.”
Cas groans, leaning his head against Dean’s hipbone and mouthing at his cock, feeling it twitch against his lips. “Me too,” he murmurs against Dean’s skin, arousal throbbing through him at the thought Dean is as affected by this as he is, that Dean’s feeling this same, overwhelming pull, this pleasure that’s so dizzyingly good it’s difficult to think straight.
At first, it had been unbearable. Dean, wandering the endless space, shouting himself hoarse on Castiel’s name. His prayers had been abrupt, frequent, often aborted midway through. Full of the kind of rage that was a split second away from tears, his voice breaking on the single syllable of
“Alright, that’s it, I’m done,” Dean shoves his cheeseburger away and stands suddenly. He’s shaking, he realises, and speaking louder than he needs. Cas’s eyes widen a little, but Dean doesn’t wait for him to respond, just grabs his jacket and stumbles dazedly from the diner.
“You mean – you find me attractive?” Cas’s eyes are shining like he already knows the answer, is feeling the same giddy happiness that’s blooming in Dean’s chest.
“Well, you clearly are brainy or they wouldn’t have offered you an interview,” Cas says, stubbornly, putting the cap on the takeaway cup.
. Cas starts running, weaving his way through the few people out this early. He rounds the corner into the square, cherry blossom blowing like snowflakes through the breeze. For a moment, Cas thinks he’s gone in the wrong direction – but then he catches sight of Dean a few paces ahead, hair almost golden in the sunlight.
Involuntarily, Dean groans darkly at the thought of biting into Cas’s skin, the ache for the blood he can hear humming through Cas’s veins almost overwhelming.
“You don’t know what a relief it is to not care about any of my stupid hang ups anymore, to just be able to say what I want without giving a damn about any of that shit,” Dean tugs at the cuffs, lets out a groan of frustration. “And,” he whispers, darker, “You like me like this.”
Part of Cas loves the fact that Dean seems to want to spend so much time around him. But a smaller, deeper of him knows it’s also a sign of how platonically Dean must see him. Cas knows Dean well enough by now to know that Dean doesn’t make friends with the people he wants to fuck. Not that Cas ever expected Dean to be into someone like him anyway – but it’s still hard to get past, sometimes. How much he wants to be one of those people that Dean charms into bed like it’s nothing at all. Only, of course, he wants it to mean something, with him.
“What?”
“You’re different this morning,” Dean raises an eyebrow, leans against the counter as he watches Cas put the bagels into the food bin.
in his gaze deepens, turning into something that makes Dean feel simultaneously as though he wants to look away and never look away again. The space between them suddenly feels intimate, theirs. Just the two of them, the way Dean always aches for when it’s not.
“Can I touch you too?” Dean murmurs, and feels his stomach somersault at Castiel’s fervent nod, the way his pace on Dean’s cock quickens desperately. Breathing hard, Dean fumbles Castiel’s bumblebee apron out of the way and tugs his jeans down his muscular thighs, feeling Castiel’s cock brush against his wrist as it springs free, slapping wetly up against his stomach.
The last two weeks have been a mess, and Dean knows that if he doesn’t watch himself, this week will be his last one in the competition. Determined not to be intimidated out of his rightful place in this competition by a man who wears a bumblebee apron, Dean sets his alarm extra early on Saturday morning to get in a couple hours practice in before everyone else shows up. His frustration is momentarily soothed by his walk across the sloping grass lawn; the spring sunshine is just pastel and soft, warm on his back, blossoms rustling softly in the breeze.
“Can’t I want both?” Dean groans, straining at his confines again.
They look at each other for a moment that is all heat, and then Cas moves up the bed in an easy, fluid move, suddenly straddling Dean, pinning him with his thighs. He holds Dean’s gaze unflinchingly, reaches out and places his hands over Dean’s cuffs. And – yeah, that’s pretty much all Dean can take. Before he quite knows what he’s doing, he surges forward and captures Cas’s mouth in a searing, urgent kiss. Cas lets out a muffled sound that might be surprise, but then a lower sound deep in in his chest as melts into it, mouth hot and silken soft, hands coming up to cup Dean’s face with a kind of desperate tenderness that sets Dean’s heart racing even faster.
“Hey,” Dean grunts, reluctantly, because, yeah, Cas is probably going to steal this competition from under his feet, but he’s not going to a complete asshole about it.
Dean watches the way Cas’s eyes darken slowly, the way his tongue darts out to wet his lips unconsciously. He always looks gorgeous, but right now in the soft light of Dean’s bedroom with dishevelled hair and hooded eyes and inked skin, he’s so beautiful Dean aches with it.
The guy laughs then, teeth white and even, head thrown back, so beautiful Cas’s stomach does another little somersault. “I’m sure that’s not what you’re meant to say to your customers,” he raises an eyebrow, amusement still twinkling in his green gaze.
“I didn’t want to interrupt,” Meg shrugs, tugging on her black velvet jacket, “I mean, when was the last time you got laid?”
Dean looks up to find Castiel’s blue gaze on him, as steady as ever, full of warmth. He feels all the tension and uncertainty melt out of him like it was never there at all. “Yeah?”
There are people milling all around Cas in the sun-soaked square, the air muddled with cherry blossom and violin music from someone busking in the distance – but when Dean turns at the other edge of it and waves, he seems to spot Cas as easily as if he’s the only one there. The sun is no match for the warmth that blooms in Cas’s chest as he waves back. He’s never felt less invisible in his life.
“I like seeing you unfiltered,” Dean closes the book, slowly slides it back across the counter. “You’re hard to work out, you know.”
“What?” Cas blinks, pulling away slightly to look at Dean incredulously. Dean’s cheeks are still a little pink, his lips red and swollen. His eyes are complex green, glowing with something quiet and hopeful that makes Cas’s heart fumble a beat.
The guy smiles, something a little quieter, a little deeper than before. “I guess.”
“What things?” Cas’s eyes are impossibly dark, eternal, devasting blue.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean says, rubbing the back of his neck in the way Cas notices he does when he feels self-conscious, “I should’ve got you to write my application for me, you seem to have a much better opinion of me than I do.” He grins, slides a note across the counter and takes the cup from Cas’s hands. His touch definitely lingers unnecessarily on Cas’s this time, and Cas can feel the heat burning in his cheeks when Dean eventually pulls away. For the first time, he indulges himself, doesn’t try to quash the little glimmer of hope.
Cas’s blue gaze flickers up to catch his, amused and reassuring all at once. “Dean. You’ve watched me do this plenty of times.” It’s true: Cas trained as a tattoo apprentice for part of his art course last semester, and since then has informally tattooed a bunch of their friends at parties, as well as himself. Dean has been pestering him to give him one for months.
“Guess I shouldn’t ask you to make me one then,” the guy’s tone is apologetic, humorous, and he holds up his hands in mock surrender. “I’d hate to prolong your suffering.” He pushes himself off the counter. “Anywhere else near here you’d recommend?”
He’d never have imagined Dean wearing something like this, but seeing it, it also somehow makes sense. The unexpected is a big part of Dean’s draw; how elements usually in opposition seem to coexist harmoniously in him. Gruff masculinity and quiet vulnerability; sharp cheekbones and soft eyes; crude language and emotional sensitivity. And now this. His body is all strong muscle and angular lines, and the delicate pink floral is the perfect contrast, pastel and wispy.
Dean laughs, and god, he’s beautiful. Cas swallows, wills himself not to blush.
“Alright,” Cas clicks the cap on the marker and looks up, blue eyes glittering, “Ready?”
“Castiel,” Cas says, a little captivated by the way the guy puts his cigarette between his lips for a moment as he fishes in his pocket for a lighter. “Everyone calls me Cas.”
Dean can’t get out of his head now.
Dean closes his eyes. Cas’s gaze and the fairy lights all fade into to soft shadow. Vision gone, Dean suddenly feels very aware of the proximity between them, the almost imperceptible warmth of Cas beside him, the way their thighs are pressed lightly together. Dean has a sudden urge to nudge his closer to Cas’s, to close all the gaps and feel how warm Cas really is. He breathes in, suddenly breathless, and is overwhelmed by the smell of Cas’s skin, familiar and musky, a hint of the patchouli incense he always burns when he’s working. The smell of home. Dean’s heart is suddenly racing so hard it hurts. “Cas?”
“But,” he takes a deep breath, tries to steady himself, “I wanted to give you more, Cas, I always wanted to – I just didn’t think – I always thought it was impossible, I always told myself you didn’t feel the way you do.” Dean swallows, “Because how could you? You’re this incredible angelic being and I’m –
Dean still kept praying, prayers that made things bloom Castiel’s chest he didn’t think could exist in purgatory.
“I’d like to think so too,” Cas replies, handing Dean his drink. “Here. No tea leaves. You’re free to make your own future.”
“I’d really like that too,” Dean confesses, and although his heart is still racing and his cheeks are hot he feels strangely calm, standing there in front of Cas, covered in flour.
“Yeah,” Dean nudges him, smiling too.
Dean glances over, and something unreadable passes across his face. It reminds Cas of how he looks when Sam talks about their childhood, nostalgic and complicated – not happiness, but something close. “Where’d you find that?”
They both gasp when Dean gets a hand around Castiel’s cock, already slick and hot with precum. He’s so hard he must be even closer than Dean, which sends a jolt of heat straight to Dean’s cock; the idea that Castiel is this turned on just from kissing him, touching him. Trying not to lose it just from the feel of Castiel’s cock in his hand, Dean starts jerking him, a little overwhelmed by how good it feels, how good Castiel feels, hard and heavy and so fucking perfect it’s ridiculous. Dean flicks his thumb over the head of Castiel’s cock and feels arousal pool low in his groin at the way Castiel breathes out shakily against his neck.
“Of course,” Cas hears himself saying, even though it’s definitely past closing now. He frowns, “Are you sure that’s what you want, though? You don’t look wildly enthusiastic about the prospect. I can turn on the coffee machine, it’s no trouble.” He doesn’t know what makes him say it. It undoubtedly would be trouble, and the last thing he wants is for the cappuccino machine to explode all over them both, but somehow he just can’t stand the idea of this guy walking out, can’t stand the prospect of never seeing him again even though he’s only known him ten minutes.
“Oh, I’m afraid it does. He is a demon, after all.”
Well, shit, Dean thought, that probably wasn’t good, but Michael continued and it kind of got worse.
“Uh, yeah, that’s me. Who’re you?” Pie, Dean realized in some corner of his mind. The room smelled like pie.
“That was it?” Dean asked, following Cas to the balcony. “That was this important war-meeting?”
Oooh, the contact felt good. Screw it, screw the Jimmy issue though it was still an issue – he just wanted to be close. Cas’s wings came up around him, and so did his other arm. Dean wrapped an arm around his waist, hooked his chin over Cas’s shoulder, and Cas sighed.
my dear,” said Aziraphale’s voice, floating down the hall, lighthearted. “I do think he means well.”
“I’m fine,” said the demon shortly, rummaging in a drawer in the kitchen.
“Thanks,” he said, surprised. “You don’t do that at home.”
“I mean that is kinda Chuck’s jam,” said Dean. “Being invasive.”
“Why?” said Lucifer, and he sounded genuinely confused. “Why suffer through it, when we can just fix it? It can’t be pleasant.”
“Yes. Crowley or Aziraphale usually preens them, here.” He fidgeted them. “Based on his body language I believe that Lucifer might try, too. Truth be told I am—unsure how I feel about that.”
He didn’t want to think about Michael and Dean. That had been weird. What was that all about??
“Hoooooo,” said Dean, high pitched.
“You won’t reach him,” said Dean. “He wants to burn everything.”
, brother.” His voice wavered, distressed. “None of this makes sense.”
“Of course,” Lucifer said gruffly. “I can station Lesser Demons all up and down the block, too. We’ll bring Shepherd, and I’m sure I can find a few Hounds on the smaller side to guard the front yard. I have just the place. I’d station Azazel there too, but he’s—indisposed.” Lucifer sighed. “Also, I’d rather him not go for your human’s jugular, right, Pigeon?”
“It’s relaxing,” Aziraphale explained. “And also signals the start and the end. Now, very important; Castiel is a Seraph in your world, and therefore rather high-ranking. This means he has blades on his wings.”
“Fine! Big paradox! Little loopy!” Crowley called back. Aziraphale kept giggling.
Cas nodded. “Yes. But they are infinite. They will be here in a hundred years, a thousand. You will not. I planned to spend your lifetime with you.”
“Yes.”
“Private,” Cas said, “I see. That’s private,” he added to Beatrice.
,” she said, impatiently. “I can fix things if they’re crap, right?”
He took another bite of his sausage. Honestly, the sausage thing would be way funnier if Cas were here. He wouldn’t get it. It would be great. They were good sausages, too.
“Kind of,” said Ella. “It’s complicated. But all Greater Demons are Fallen. Next there’s Lesser Demons, like Maze—Mazikeen—they’re made out of the firmament of Hell. Last is imps, which are human souls turned all twisted and wrong.” She wrapped her arms around herself. “One of my exes became an imp. Lucifer says it only happens if the soul is particularly corrupted. It’s against the law, in our Hell, to intentionally make imps. I’ve heard that your Hell is only imps?”
it, wanted like he’d wanted nothing else before, so he pulled Cas down to the chair and made him sit, before perching on the arm himself.
“I’ve got a very large volcano in Hell,” Lucifer spat. “And a lake of fire. It’s the
. It looked like a well-stocked bar, too, though it lacked any pie at all, despite smelling like a damned bakery. Beatrice hopped up on a stool next to him, drinking out of a juice box and she started petting one of his folded white wings idly, like fiddling with the seam on a sofa or a pillow
a little freaked out. Why are you not freaked out?”
Anyway. Did this count as sex? Felt like sex. Better than sex. Which begged the question – did Dean just have weird angel sex with Cas?
Dean felt a strange pang.
“Murder?” Dean asked, wry.
. In our world, I mean.”
“What? That’s what they were doing, right Lucifer?”
from somewhere. They were long and thin, like a baton, but ending in a dull point. One looked like it was made with some sort of plant, though the point was some gold-colored metal. The other was dark wood, carved with a pattern like scales.
Aziraphale sighed a very judgmental sigh. Cas had said he didn’t like when Crowley made this dish because he learned it from somebody evil, hadn’t he? Dean wondered what that was all about and kept eating, because damn it was good.
Mostly she thought about how this was still not really okay, and how terrible Nightmare World sounded. What gave Dean Winchester the authority to take a life like that? Was Dean a killer, or was Nightmare World really that bad? The way Crowley talked about it, it was really that bad. She would need to think about this more.
This was not a skill learned from Linda. This was because he was so close to Chloe, and he didn't want his rage to touch her, though it inevitably did, sometimes. Still, he was trying.
Zephyr liked to give them riddles, sometimes—usually in Latin; it was annoying—but luckily this time it didn’t. The letter was tugged gently out of his hands, and it vanished.
“It’s coming from me, yes,” Michael said, low and conspiratorial. “Whatever you’re smelling. It’s me.” He smiled sweetly
“Daydream World,” Cas said, amused, like this explained it. It kind of did.
“Crowley told Lucifer,” Cas said with a sigh. “Who is now also panicking. I should—go. Before Mazikeen shows up.”
“Lucifer has a
“Family?” Dean asked, alarmed. Cas had been missing out on some kind of angel family thing, for years, because they couldn’t look at his wings?
“Daydream World,” Dean echoed faintly. They were actively avoiding a fight. Even Lucifer was avoiding a fight. How was this place so nice? “Why did we never come here before?”
“No,” Dean replied, “It is not something you are supposed to tell them.” The hadn’t actually had sex, in fact. Never mind that Dean was a little uncertain about that once he’d sobered up a bit—because dude-shape—but Cas had pulled away a little when things got too heated, claiming that he was overwhelmed
They didn’t have sex very often. Aziraphale generally didn’t enjoy human sex, on the whole, and it frankly paled in comparison to a paradox, and to the other things they could do. But on the rare occasion it could be fun. Usually they both regretted it afterwards because it was sticky, but Aziraphale wasn’t thinking about that. He was thinking about Crowley standing nearly on his toes, vibrating with energy, but the good kind. He looked bright-eyed and lovely and Aziraphale
Dean reeled back. “Wait, what? Cas!” he spluttered.
“And someone named Adam. Cas trusts him.” The last was doubtful.
“Yeah, it’s a social thing,” Chloe said, catching on right away. “They do it when they’re together and relaxed. Less so around humans, or other angels they don’t like. The only way to get them to do it around you is to do it back.”
------------------
“Sometimes I know things,” he said, “I can tell you: it affects our Father, as well. As long as Chloe or one of her bloodline are on this world, Father will remain absent.” He cocked his head at her. “You were in a car accident when you were small, and you made a friend.”
“They talk about us like we belong to them, but really we know it’s the other way around.” Her smile went impish. “Anyway, Lucifer’s mine. Or I’m his. The special human, that is.”
Funny. According to Amenadiel and Michael, she was the woman keeping them all alive. She and her daughter, he supposed; Michael had said bloodlines, so the kid was part of it too. She looked—perfectly normal. They both did. Beatrice had her head in her mom’s lap, and Chloe was braiding her hair. There was no indication whatsoever of the raw power it took to render an angel human-ish, or a god unable to set foot on the world. The movie they were watching looked superhero-y, but Dean didn’t recognize it.
She couldn’t let him go alone, not to that terrible place! He might get killed! He definitely needed her to go with him, but how could she go and leave Trixie? Leave this safe house, where she would be vulnerable to Him Above?
Cas looked at Dean apologetically.
Cas stepped up to Dean’s side, and he spoke in low, soft Enochian. Dean caught the words for
Crowley shook his head. “It’s not,” he said, and he sounded upset. “He’s still looking at you and seeing
It was kind of Watchdog’s fault. She’d been playing with Dean and had settled on the floor close to Castiel. Dean had sat close to Castiel on the couch so he could reach the dog, and then he had slowly started to fall asleep from there. Watchdog was no fool. She was a
“Cas, this is weird,” he said.
“Ooooh-kay,” said Dean, eyeing Michael. He was definitely not like their Michael. “So, besides—that—” He waved a hand at Michael, not really having words for whatever was happening, “What are you doing here? Also, what are we doing here?”
“I’ll come with you,” Amenadiel said. “I—need to think about this. Castiel,” he added. “Be safe. Send Crowley my best.”
“Crowley,” sighed Cas.
This was both very loud and very uncertain.
“About
“Are you all seriously quoting Shakespeare?” Dean blurted. He was feeling a little whiplash at how fast this argument had deescalated – that was not something he was used to – and he also didn’t like the sound of that.
Dean chuckled. “Man, I don’t want to see that.” He kicked another stone and watched the dog race after it. “I’ll figure something out,” he said, looking down. “There has to be a way to do this in our world without going blind.”
Dean blinked, surprised. He'd just vomited half of his internal organs, Cas had fixed it, and now this guy was pissed at him? What the hell?
“Hang on!” called Ella. She raced over to her car. It was—well, it was lame, especially for someone as cheerful as Ella. She drove a dark gray Volvo wagon 740, looked like 1991. Dean would have pegged her for something newer and chirpier. “I have some gloves and stuff in here. Or you guys can hop in, if you want!” she said over her shoulder.
“Okay,” the guy is grinning, careless and easy, stupidly attractive. He leans against the counter again, a little closer. Cas notices he has freckles scattered across the bridge of his nose, faint golden on his soft skin. It’s strangely endearing, softening the tough exterior. “Breathe. I don’t scare that easy,” he pulls his wallet out of the pocket of his leather jacket. “What do you drink if you don’t drink coffee?”
A flood of heat washes through him when he finds Cas’s gaze already on him, heavy and blue and doing that devastating smitey smouldery thing that makes Dean’s insides feel all fluttery. He swallows unsteadily, fiddles with a few fries. Cas’s eyes darken, and his tongue comes out, wetting his bottom lip in a gesture that’s so blatantly sexual Dean feels his cock twitch in his pants again. He shifts in his seat awkwardly, but Cas just holds his gaze like he knows exactly what this is doing to Dean, like he wants to slowly drive Dean wild. His blue eyes are quiet and intense, full of something that looks so much like undisguised longing it’s more than Dean can handle.
“I’ll have a green jasmine tea, if you’re still serving.”
“You know I can’t come closer,” Cas whispers, eyes heavy and anguished.
Castiel blinks owlishly with lashes dusted in white, eyes somehow bluer than ever. The flour has settled in his hair, giving him a slightly ghostly look, and clings to his full lips in a faint powder. Dazedly, Dean can’t help wondering what it would be like to lick it off, to grab the front of Castiel’s stupid bumblebee apron and kiss him until they’re both breathless.
“Just – don’t,” Cas is the one to close his eyes now, fists clenched at his sides. He looks agonised, as tortured as Dean feels. “Don’t trust me to say no to you.”
Dean looks reluctantly away from Cas and back to the shelves, eyeing them more closely. His hand pauses on an unfamiliar hardback, Bluebeard by Vonnegut. “This?”
“Stanford?” Cas raises his eyebrows, impressed.
Wordlessly, Cas nods, turning on the cold tap and wincing slightly as he sticks his bleeding thumb under the stream of water. He leans against the sink, watching Dean kneel down and rifle impatiently through the contents of the cupboard. He still feels dazed, wondering if he imagined the tiny glimpse of pink lace. His heart thuds faster again just at the thought of it, soft and feminine against Dean’s pale freckled skin.
it is. How much it’s making Dean slowly lose his mind.
“Then come here and stop me from suffering,” Dean counters quietly, holding Cas’s gaze.
A smile pulls at the corner of Cas’s mouth, his eyes crinkle with quiet amusement even though the nervousness doesn’t dissipate, Dean notes. “No, it’s not your present.”
“Can you grab me the paprika for the dressing?” Cas asks, dicing zucchini.
, and it was hiding. Seriously?
“Sorry,” said Chloe, not sounding sorry. “If I can keep you safe, you’re stuck with me.”
” Dean blurted.
“Chuck,” Ella said. “Seriously?”
She blinked at him. “Seriously?”
“I love you,” Cas said, slow and measured and staring into Dean’s eyes “I have since I met you, I think. It’s confusing. I don’t know its shape, or its size, or where it fits in me.”
. “That was your first one, wasn’t it? It hurts to be apart, you know, after that first one
“Yes. I nearly forgot who I was entirely. Crowley brought me back.” Aziraphale obligingly took the stone from Watchdog and tossed it. It transformed into a stick, and the dog caught it midair.
“So someone ordered him to do this,” Ella said, right away. “Someone very high ranking. The blood is not even dry, so it was not long before he died.”
thing didn’t sit well with him, but he was bound and determined to follow Cas into this Daydream World mess.
“She disappeared when I was still an eyas,” said Cas. “Lucifer and I have—compared. As the Darkness was trapped in our universe, so Mother was trapped in this one.”
This Lucifer was different. Cas, Crowley, and Aziraphale were right. If he could do this, could do the paradox, then there was no way he was like their Lucifer. Their Lucifer, Nightmare-Lucifer, could never dream to touch something like this, something so pure. Dean hadn’t thought of himself as pure in—well—ever, but that was what this was. It was pure in a way he couldn’t describe.
Aziraphale bustled up to him. “Crowley gave you—ah. Good.” He showed Dean his baton. “This is called a dowel,” he said, very firmly. “After this, we are going to teach you how to make your own. This is very important; a dowel feels like its owner. The one you are using is Crowley’s. Luckily for us all, Castiel quite likes Crowley,” here he reached over and sort of affectionately tapped Cas with his own—dowel, “So it should not be a problem.”
While he sat next to Chloe, that should have slashed his hand wide open, too. She turned him human—or rather, she turned him human-ish. Instead, he bore an angel’s injury; a mild scratch. It matched Chloe’s.
, seriously?” Dean said, starting to smile. Honestly, that was adorable, and since Cas was an honorary Winchester it was practically Dean's duty to never let him live this down.
That was a horrifying thought. “So, when angels Fall here, they become demons?”
“Yes, of course it’s
“Can we come?” Sam asked.
Dean straightened and braced himself for Hellhounds. Friendly Hellhounds. What the Hell. “Yeah. Let’s do this.”
Thankfully, it was Cas’s hand on his back, not some strange demon. The nausea curled up in a small ball in his stomach and then whispered away like so much smoke. Before his eyes, the vomit he’d up chucked onto the floor vanished, too.
“You think Cas is gonna just—camp out in front of his room?” Dean asked. He glanced back at the pot, where there were sausages, which Sam had bought on a whim the other night. Though he didn’t eat, Cas generally sat with them for dinner. He’d been known to call them over when whatever meal was finished cooking. Eating or not, Cas still usually participated. It was nice.
” said Trixie. “Doesn’t count. Anyway, Maze can keep me safe.”
“Dean,” hissed Sam. “Not the point.”
in under a decade!”
“Union of two opposites,” Crowley said lightly. “Contradicts itself. You need one of one kind, and one of another, and you have to trust each other. That’s it. Aziraphale and I, we can do one. Lucifer and Chloe – Devil and human, in love instead of rage. Michael’s right, you and Pidge can probably do one too
And all this talk of paradoxes, like they were incredibly powerful. He was dying to learn more about that, honestly. Something like that in his back pocket—well. That could be useful.  Though Cas seemed weirdly shy about it. Going to have to get to the bottom of that.
“Are you right or left-handed?” he asked.
“Trixie, if I’m there he’s—”
“Hey Watchie!” said a feminine, delighted voice. “Hi there! Hi! Yes, who’s a good Hellhound? Who’s a good Hell-puppy? I think it’s you! I think it is!”
He liked her, he realized, as the conversation lulled. He liked her a lot. “He’s—good to you, though, right?” Dean asked, awkwardly. “Just—well—he’s
Dean’s stomach swooped and churned like Cas had thrown him into a washing machine, and then they landed with a hard thump. Cautiously, Dean opened his eyes.
Cas ignored him, so Dean did too. A little hesitant, he took Dean’s hand again. Oh, man, that touch did wonders for Dean’s heart. Gently, he tugged, and Dean followed him up the stoop and onto the porch of the place.
“Good?” Dean asked Cas, low and soft. Aziraphale had said family, and that was certainly true, but just—just to make sure—
Cas gave him a funny half smile. “I could never leave you, Jack, and Sam, Dean. You’re my family.”
Cas shook his head. “Not a good one,” he said. “We know he is—destroying the other worlds. All of them, but ours.” He looked at Dean.
The Empty, the Empty, the Empty: once upon a time, Castiel had made that terrible deal, and the Entity that ruled the Empty had promised to come for him, when he was at his most content. This was so close to perfect, just a breath away, he realized with horror. Lucifer was being loud and annoying and ruining the moment—and probably unknowingly saving Castiel’s life. He had to step back. He had to step back right now.
had treated Cas well. That maybe Dean
Oooooo they’d played games, right? Games sounded awesome right now. What if they had
“No,” said Cas, sounding concerned, “Dean does not like flying.”
Aziraphale had whacked him with a wing. “Stop that,” he said firmly. “This is the quickest route, I assure you.” He turned to Castiel. “You—are worse than Lucifer.” He shook a finger at him.
“Huh,” said Dean. “At home he’s a dude. Named Chuck.”
. He chose the room that shared a bathroom with Cas.
The demon gulped. “Yes, your majesty.”
He’d saved the life of a demon, not out of convenience or because he needed him for some plan—but to save his life. That same demon got into a shouting match with Dean because he was worried Dean was treating Cas poorly.
“I was not the one who traumatized him, Crowley,” Castiel hissed to the crack. “That was not me.”
“Yes,” snapped Lucifer. “We don’t bargain with terrorists. Winchester isn’t the one killing worlds. It’s Dad.”
kill people. Even for an alternate Lucifer, it was bizarre. But Dean actually agreed with this sentiment. “Yeah,” he said. “Me too. No deaths.”
And—” He hesitated. He wanted to tell her. But would she freak? They needed her.
Fuck that.
“Uh,” said Dean, “Not if I tell him something’s private?”
“Aziraphale’s stalling,” Crowley told him, his eyes hidden behind a pair of sunglasses. He looked totally sober. His black hair was wet, too, like he’d just showered
“Because you’re going to make amends,” Aziraphale said firmly, and Dean definitely didn’t have a choice about that. “Crowley is right: Castiel has been meeting you on the human side of things, but he is not human. He is an angel. He will require different things from you. The first step to meeting him in the middle, as you must, is to make a dowel. They are significant, you see.”
As Surgat, a glorified taxi driver, arrowed them to the First Circle, Castiel’s song picked up. Lucifer glanced at him; the angel had curled himself protectively around his human, stars in his eyes. Castiel was a pain in the backside, but it was kind of nice to see an angel who wasn’t Amenadiel snuggling his favorite human
“You are,” Chloe whispered, knocking her forehead against Beatrice’s, “so brave.”
” Aziraphale bumped into him on the jog in. “Stop that, don’t pressure them, they’ll panic! We’re going into the other room, and we shall sleep this off. We will do your wings in the morning, Pigeon, don’t think I forgot! Come along, Crowley.”
“Then play to your strengths,” said Aziraphale. “I suggest you not use car parts; that would feel—” He shuddered a little. “Too many hands on them, you see, and your Castiel is actually rather sensitive; too many people have betrayed him.” This was severe and a little angry, though not directed at Dean. “He won’t tolerate a stranger at his back, even if just a human who had a part in the making of the dowel.”
. Also, don’t call him an archangel to his face, it’ll go to his head, and it’s fat enough.”
----------------
Crowley had every idea of what he was talking about. But slinking about on Earth alone shortly after the Beginning, still traumatized about the Fall and feeling like shit anyway, was very different from his life these days. You really could get by doing it yourself every month, but it was a bit like eating every other day. No permanent damage, but it sucked.
“I hate you,” Cas said to his palms.
Michael was sitting cross legged on the grass. His wings were out and slightly spread to allow for this; he had his hands on his knees palm-up, fingers in little circles like he was meditating or something. Just as before, he smelled like really good pie, and this was totally baffling to Dean. Did he eat pie when Dean wasn’t around? Or did he
Flying was the worst, it was horrible, and this way was even worse than usual because Dean was actually kind of participating. Cas’s brown wings spread wide and graceful, and with each downbeat they lifted, just a little, and it made Dean’s stomach turn. From the air, he could even tell that they were in LA, and he really, really didn’t need to re-live his memories of Lucifer in LA. He could feel the wind and he saw the sky and the ground faaaaaaaaaaaaar down below and it made him want to hurl. Again.
But it wouldn’t work unwilling. He knew that much. It was a comfort. As bad as he was at explaining this, he knew that both parties had to want it, wholeheartedly. Which meant he could not accidentally coerce Dean into doing this. It was his greatest fear, his greatest worry. Dean had to choose it and continue to choose it; he could back out. Castiel comforted himself with this fact, even as he stuttered out what even he knew were poor explanations.
Mia said, "that's so cool! And makes a lot of sense actually."
Mia said, "was that all because of the Profound Bond?"
brought something home for her and Charlie, who he adored more than anything in the world, and she was Daddy's Little Girl through and through.
Mia said, "babe! That's great!" then gave him a hug and kissed his cheek.
Mia nodded her head and Cas opened the door then they walked in. Cas walked over to Marg and said, "hey sweetie. How are you feeling today?"
The angel just smiled and tilted his head as Dean said, "and you got pie! I love you!" then kissed Cas's cheek and sat down. Cas sat down next to him and Miracle laid down off to the side, chewing on a bone Cas'd gotten him.
Ben said, "Yeah, sure."
Dean just nodded as the trail ended and they were on the other side of the park near a playground. All the kids saw them come out and they ran to pet and play with Miracle, who loved all the attention.
Hope you enjoy!! I loved writing this chapter! Remember; Always Keep Fighting, Love Yourself First, You Are Enough, You Are Not Alone, and You Define You. Love y'all!
Ben's math teacher had Mia introduce herself to the class quickly and she told them she was married to Sam and basically was Ben's aunt and that she wanted to come see the school. Then, they sat down and started working. That class was of worksheets and working on your own. The teacher gave Mia a few worksheets to do and Mia helped Ben a little bit too.
*skip to Stanford*
Ben smiled, loving that Dean really did care, and sat next to him then said, "it's good. My chem class is a little difficult but it's okay. And I'm still getting a B in it and A's in pretty much everything else."
He said, "what time is it?"
Dean, and Cas, of course, but it was nice to have someone else to be confused with or even just to share the "first" something with and talk about the stresses of doing something that the other 3 may have forgotten about sometimes.
Cas put a hand on his shoulder and his other one in front of his chest then said, "this is gonna hurt but you'll be okay."
Mia got up and was about to hug him and offer him some words of comfort but they were interrupted by a horn honking. Dean stood up and Mia took a few steps back as they watched the driver of a '98 Corvette, a big buff guy, step out then walk over to them and hand Dean the keys.
In the shower, Mia started thinking about when she first met Eileen.
Dean smiled back and said, "I'm glad you had fun," then gave her a side hug and they walked like that to the car before going to their separate sides to get in. On the way home, they blasted music and Dean even sang along to songs that came on that he "didn't know."
After class, Ben was glad the day was over and they went to his locker. Ben grabbed everything he needed then they walked to the car.
She said, "the first time I met you and Jess. I had never been more jealous of another girl until then or seen a smile as bright and big as yours. And your smile is still the biggest and brightest."
Mia said, "she attacked us in the hallway and we asked her. From what she said we were able to piece it together."
Eileen said, "yeah, you guys know it?"
Once they got to the grave, Sam hung back a little and let Mia go up first. She sat down and placed the flowers down on the bottom of the headstone then said, "Hey girlie. Umm, I miss you a lot. Sam has changed so much since you last saw him but I'm taking care of him though. And I promise I never did anything or thought about doing anything while you were together." She starts to cry a little bit as she continues, "I was actually helping him pick out engagement rings when you died and um... he was gonna propose after his interview that Monday because he knew he'd get in and knew that you'd say yes so he wanted it to be the happiest day of his life. I wish you were here to see him. I know you guys would be so happy together right now. Um, we have a little girl named Charlie now. She's two and beautiful and so smart like her dad. Rowena, a family friend, and a witch is already trying to show her spells and of course, I'm the only one against it since Rowena has been teaching Sam since they met but I just want her to know she doesn't have to be a part of that stuff so Sam and I compromise and limit how much she gets taught. You would love Charlie so much, Jess. She's such a firecracker and LOVES music. She's always up early as hell too so I know you guys would get up early together. I love and miss you so much. You meant the world to Sam and me and still do. You guys were my best friends there and once you died and Sam left, I was pretty much alone again."
Quote of the Week: "I don't think I ever allowed myself to hope or think about anything else than the step directly above the one we were standing on at the time." - Shoshannah Stern
Mia said, "what was it like pulling Dean out of Hell?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hey babe, I'm still going to work with you tomorrow right?" Mia asked as she set the plates down for dinner and Sam walked in for work, kissing her cheek.
Ben said, "English is next. Band is last."
Dean smiled and blushed as Cas threw his arms around Dean's neck and kissed his cheek.
After it was picked up, Ben put the game back and Dean pulled Claire into a hug then said, "thank you, kiddo. I love you."
Once they salted and burned the bones, they went back to the hotel; Mia and Eileen in their room and Sam, Ben, and Dean in theirs.
Mia said, "yeah! I'm actually working on a book right now of everything that's happened since I met Sam and wanted to do a chapter that focused on just one of the boys each so that's why I'm here."
They ended up waking up around noon, which sucked because they wanted to be up by 10, and then they showered together "to save water," though it took almost as long as if they'd taken their own because they kept making out. After the shower, they got dressed then left and went to Stanford, about 15 minutes away.
Jack said, "yes but she asked for a second chance so I wiped everything, except what she needed, then sent her to training."
Jack put his hand up and smiled then said, "Hi."
End chapter 3
Ben said, "sure! Meet you there."
Cas said, "yes I think so."
This is something Jared said in his interview with Michael Rosenbaum and it just really touched me and really made me think and realize that yeah we're going to have pain, it even says in the Bible that we will have pain, but giving in to it and not fighting through it is a choice. We all have the ability to feel the pain and understand it and then move on/move through it or drown in it and honestly, it's easy to suffer or drown in something and not even realize what you're doing but once we realize that, we should focus on working through it and fixing it.
After they got there, they stood for a few seconds before Jack said, "Mia you can open your eyes."
Mia said," yup," as she stood up and walked to throw her trash away.
She picked Charlie up out of her chair and started kissing her face.
Mia stretched and smiled as she heard Sam's deep laugh and Charlie's giggle coming from the kitchen. She got up and showered then went out to surprise them both.
She said, "that you set her on fire then left to avoid getting caught."
Sam said, "Yeah, didn't your other dad talk to you
She nodded her head and said, "yeah, I wanna be alone for a bit right now anyway."
After she looked around for a few seconds Mia realized she was still holding Cas's hand and dropped it then said, "alright Cas, show me all the fun you have."
Mia said, "oh wow that's cool. What did you guys do together?"
Then, he showed Carlos his Samulet (Ashulet?) and said, "this looks like the necklace Uncle Sam gave my dad when they were younger so I say it's from Ash until he can get me something on his own."
As they were leaving and Dean was unlocking the driver's side door, Ben put his arms on the hood and, with a huge smile on his face, said, "thank you, Dad, for today. I had a lot of fun and I think I want to come back and maybe actually work here at some point."
When he was done talking, Dean clearly needed some time to think and process so Mia let him for a few minutes then slowly got up and wrapped him in a hug. He hugged her back and whispered, "thank you."
Mia nodded as she got up with her plate then said, "well, goodnight everyone. Cas can you get me up by 2 please?"
Mia smiled as she pulled her shoes on then said, "If you really want to Sam but you need your rest."
Sam said, "yeah, you?"
Ben said, "time for class."
Mia smiled and nodded her head then said, "is there anything that your dad ever said to you that really stuck with you?"
Sam said, "yeah of course!"
The rest of Cas's shift was spent going on rotations and showing Mia around. Plus, there was one incident where Cas was needed to heal someone in the emergency room.
Dean stopped unlocking the car and put his arms on the hood, key still in the keyhole, and smiled, then said, "you're welcome Ben. I'm glad you had fun," then they both got in and you could tell that what Ben had said meant the world to Dean.
Ben looked up at him excitedly and said, "really?!"
I took one last longing look then nodded my head and we walked back to the door.
Sam said, "okay. I'll meet you in the car."
Mia smiled and said, "thank you!" then practically ran over there and started reading the titles. When she chose one, she sat down in the comfy armchair Sam had next to the bookshelves.
Meanwhile, Sam sat the flowers he bought next to Mia's then immediately got tears in his eyes and said, "I'm so sorry Jess. I'm so sorry. I should've found a way to tell you about the hunting. I shouldn't have left. I should've done something. You shouldn't have died. I love you so much. I was gonna propose and we were gonna get married and Mia was gonna be the maid of honor. I had it all planned out already. I knew exactly what I wanted and how to get it and Mia had helped me plan everything out. I'm sorry your life was taken because of my stupidity. Because I actually thought I could have a normal life then. When my mom's killer was still out there. Gosh after all those years of training... I should've known. I'm sorry..." and then he ends up crying for about 10 more minutes before going back to the car with a red face and bloodshot eyes as well.
She glanced at him. “You know. Around,” she said, mischievous. “Best car ever. The acceleration on that thing.” She went a little wistful, but then cleared her throat and added, nervous, “Gave it back, though. I’m on the straight and narrow, now. I don’t do that stuff anymore.” She pulled them into Crowley’s driveway.
Dean had no idea who Adam was. “That’s Chuck for you,” Dean said, a little weakly. “He’s been manipulating me, too.”
Dean thought back, more honest than he intended.
“Mostly,” said Cas, cuddling Dean. Being cuddled was warm and comforting and all around excellent. “I killed the angel. Amenadiel says that Heaven does not want war. Crowley is injured. Left wing. Aziraphale is worried. I am also worried.” Cas suddenly went tense. “I am worried about Crowley,” he whispered into Dean’s hair. “I am also worried about Jack and Sam. I do not have everything I want, yet. Now is lovely, but it is not the time.”
.” He ducked his head, awkward.
“There we are,” Aziraphale said. He stroked through Cas’s feathers affectionately. “This is a sound that angels make to those they love,” he told Dean brusquely. “Friends, family, lovers. We do not discriminate; all kinds of love count. Holding it down is not poor for his health but it is—extremely upsetting. For him and for me, frankly.” Aziraphale also made that sound, deep and strange in his chest, as if in answer to Cas. He patted Cas’s shoulder and walked back to the couch.
“At any rate,” Aziraphale said, a little more severely, “It is time you explain to us what is happening, Castiel. We’ve called everyone.”
“Michael,” Amenadiel said softly. “You won’t reach him.”
And then they landed on hard ground, finally, and Dean reeled to hurl at last.
time!” The voice was familiar: the demon Crowley dashed up to them. He was—not what Dean expected.
“Don’t wanna be out in a moment,” Dean grumbled. Cas chuckled.
He didn’t want to examine what
Nightmare World that that doesn’t bother you?” Ella blurted.
Dean huffed. “You get used to it,” he said, dryly.
A truly enormous German Shepherd was asleep in a dog bed under a window
“Aziraphale! Hi!” A woman rushed at them from the living room. She threw her arms around Aziraphale and squeezed him. “You must be Dean!” she added, and lunged for him.
, after all, Lucifer’s kid. By definition. I mean, look at Adam. I made my peace with that a while ago. It’s still
A whisper: yet another letter, this one deposited on Cas’s head. Cas opened it and spread it on the table, preemptively, so they could all read it. It was longer.
Dean was good at lying.
Chuck. It was still amusing. That was the name He had chosen? Seriously?
demons. Trust takes time. Dean Winchester, if you would please wait in the hall.” It was not a question.
“Yeah, I see that.” She frowned. “Did you fix his wings?”
“Oh, dear me no, of course not,” Aziraphale said. “But they must be made by hand and made with love. And it must be genuine. He’ll be able to feel it, if it’s not.”
Dean sputtered. What the hell? He thought they weren’t telling Lucifer anything about this!
“Yes,” said Aziraphale. “But it is not a good story, or a kind one, and it paints a rather poor picture of the Lady God, you understand. It has to do with Nightmare World.”
Dean was now about sixteen times more interested in her than he had been before. “Hate to break it to you, sister, but you drive a sleeper car.”
Lucifer waved them away.
The house was large and modern, painted white with great windows. It was pretty ugly, but Dean wasn’t going to say anything about it. When Cas turned the doorknob, there was a hair-raising, horrible howl, a Hellhound’s howl. It was familiar, in the worst way. Dean’s breath came a little short and he went for his gun on instinct. He felt a hard spike of anxiety when the gun was not there.
Dean spared one more glance to Cas, concerned. But Cas nodded, and he was clearly not afraid. So, he followed Ella down the hall, and Watchdog followed them both.
“What?” blurted Dean, utterly thrown. Dirtbag? Cas was his best friend! He was family! Dean was definitely allowed to tease Cas! Who the Hell did this guy think he was? “Is this guy serious?” he asked Cas.
Cas didn’t need him to specify. “Yes,” he said. “We are.”
“You’re lying,” said Cas.
“She’s Dean’s pride and joy,” said Cas from the back, sounding startled, over Dean’s outraged noises.
There was a long silence.
“Yes,” said Lucifer. “But he made it. He made
“Different than in your world, I imagine,” Aziraphale tittered nervously. “He is—quite cruel, here.”
“He’s an honorary Winchester; that doesn’t always last,” said Dean.
“This pinches,” he told Dean firmly. “Don’t do it without permission, and unless you are certain you cannot fix it.” He pointed out other feathers that had been clipped in the past
Maybe he’d misinterpreted everything and this wouldn’t work because Dean didn’t want…?
“Your Highness,” said the demon.
What the shit even
Chloe made a confused face at Lucifer. What the Hell was a Reaper?
Cas chuckled at Dean, looking fond. He must have a look on his face. “They’re very good,” Cas said, taking some for himself. That was weird, too. Cas usually didn’t eat.
It wasn’t like he was wrong, Cas was his the way Sam was his, his to keep safe and, okay, fine, even his to love, but said so plainly like that was just weird.
Sammy was gonna
“Yes,” said Dean, firmly. “You should have said something,” he told Cas, alarmed. It came out as irritation. “We could have worked something out, Cas!”
The first was that Cas was a freakin’ idiot, but this was a recurring theme in his life. The next was that Jack had disappeared into his room, and had not come out for dinner, which was not like him, especially now that he had come back to life and seemed always hungry. Then there was the state of the multiverse and the huge tantrum Chuck—God—had thrown weeks ago, and how he had just started smashing his toys. Unfortunately, his toys were whole worlds, so this was bad, but not something Dean could fix right now. Besides, the end of the world was nothing new; it was the story of Dean’s damned life. The last thing on his mind was Sammy, sitting across from him at the table, poking unhappily at his dinner.
“Pigeon?” Dean croaked, the only thing he could grasp on to. “They call you
universe? Why hasn’t he destroyed us?”
“He learned the dish in Pompeii, apparently, from an evil man. Aziraphale gets upset when he makes them, because the man was so evil, but they’re quite good.”
“Yes,” said Cas.
He seemed entirely unbothered that he was shirtless with his wings out, and in a kind of vulnerable position. It made Dean a little uncomfortable, to see him so, but it also made him feel kind of— protective.
it began.
“Seriously?” Dean asked wryly, more about the dog than about what Aziraphale was talking about.
“Oh, dear me, no one taught you how to turn that off?” Aziraphale clucked.
Lucifer rolled his eyes. “That smell trick is
“Were you in a cage here?” Dean asked Lucifer. “Can that hold him?”
He clucked. “Castiel,” he said firmly.
this place?”
, so that was something, at least.
. “You’re on thin ice, Dean Winchester.” He turned on his heel and stormed into the apartment.
Watchdog whined, but she turned around and started walking. Ella followed her without a thought, though Dean exchanged a glance with Cas before going after her.
They shared an incredulous stare. What the hell?
having a body again, because his hand was still joined with Cas’s hand, and Dean never ever wanted to let go, even if it was dumb, even if it was the most chick flick thing to ever happen.
Lucifer making swan noises was something Dean would treasure forever.
Cas nodded. He gestured with one hand, and the dead angel untangled itself from the tree and drifted down to the grass. “An angel of our world must possess a human body in order to walk the earth. We cannot make our own, as they can here. This has to do with something called the Hall of Being; it burned in our world, but not in this one. My vessel was a man called Jimmy Novak. He was killed by Lucifer.”
“Did you?” asked Lucifer, and he sounded more curious than threatened
“We’ll station a guard,” Michael added softly. “I’ll be in the area. I have—made an executive decision regarding Sandalphon’s Earth Visits; namely, that he should not have them.” He tapped the dog’s head playfully. It nipped at him.
He’d pinched him! That brat! Sex was messy and full of landmines for Crowley, but Aziraphale knew them all, and could navigate them perfectly. Crowley was feeling excellent after that paradox; he could be convinced.
Aziraphale chuckled. “One sharpened feather on each wing,” he said. “The first primary. Primaries are his flight feathers.” He tapped them with his dowel, and sure enough, Dean could see that one of the huge feathers, easily more than the length of his torso, was sharpened like a blade.
The Hellhound whined at the word
. Dean picked up the letter.
just to spite him, but Cas nuzzled along his hairline, all affection, and said, “We will be out in a moment.”
Dean muttered unhappily, but he allowed it. Except—this time was different. Cas kind of cocked his head and looked Dean up and down thoughtfully.
There were a bunch of other people in the room, too, Dean realized, scanning. Lucifer was talking to the girl—Beatrice—in a low voice, and two others, a black man and a white dude in overalls, both with wings, sat backwards on two chairs. They were watching him curiously, especially overalls-guy. There was some kind of smell in the room, too. Baking?
“Come on.” He pulled back and then added, a little tentatively but also with relish, “Come on, my Dean.”
“If you use a store-bought knitting needle or some such,” Crowley said from the couch, “our Pigeon there is going to jump out of his skin, because it’s going to feel like every single human who ever touched it in its manufacturing. Do not do this. It has to be hand-made. Buy something, and I will set Watchdog on you.”
Frankly, there was a lot to be freaked out about. She’d been tortured by a bunch of imps. Trixie was terrified. Aziraphale had been hurt, and Crowley was frantic. The paradox was amazing, but it was frightening too: she’d had a moment where she’d realized that with that power, she could fix Lucifer, undamn him, and she’d had to talk herself out of it, because she knew he didn’t want that. She didn’t even want that. It had been a terrifying moment. It was just—too much power, and so unfamiliar, and she’d experienced so much evil that day. And then he’d been so shy to touch her, though it was all she had wanted. It hadn’t been a good day.
“I’ll be fine,” she said. “Besides, Trixie’s right; if we can protect two universes instead of one, it’s worth it.”
“It is very likely,” Cas said, a little apologetic.
“I am,” said Aziraphale. He smiled, a little mysteriously. “This is part of it, I’m certain of it. You are part of it
“He flew through,” Ella said, right away. “These wounds are minimal and deliberate. If he had fallen, or otherwise been out of control, the wounds would have been greater and more scattered. Look, there’s no shards in his wings. He must have pulled them in close. He was diving.”
“Wait.” Dean stopped dead. Aziraphale looked at him, and Watchdog bounded up to him, sniffing, concerned. “The kid has wings, too,” he said. He patted the Hellhound absently.
“Awesome,” said Dean, breathing deeply as the nausea faded. It wasn’t as bad as before, but then, they hadn’t flown through Hell this time.
. It was a good look on him.
?” Dean wheezed.
“How did you do that?” He almost added,
“In this instance? Yes. And we must go quickly.” He turned to Sam. “We need a portal.”
“Okay, so he’s a major douche,” Ella said, grimacing.
“Get all of the big clumps,” Aziraphale said. “Call me back over when you’re done. Don’t wipe it from your fingers; it needs to go on the surrounding feathers. After you do that, I shall show you how to straighten the other feathers.” When Dean nodded, he strolled off to sit with Crowley. He heard them murmuring together, but not what they said.
“Furious, actually,” Aziraphale said mildly
“The rules are different here,” Cas told him, quirking a smile that was almost—shy.
Chloe’s palm was clean. Together, she and Lucifer stared. She had a small red line, a very small scratch, but not the deep gash she should have. He turned her hand over, this way and that, confused.
“—then he can fuck right off. This is part of Care and Feeding of Angels,” said Crowley loudly. Having given the baton to Aziraphale, he flounced off to the couch, and plopped down on it, kicking his feet up
“Believer?” Dean asked. She nodded. “Sorry,” he said, and didn’t know what else to add. Chuck was an asshole. There wasn’t much more to it than that.
“Direct orders from Him Above,” said Michael. His eyes were still closed.
“To each her own. Beautiful, it’s true, but the thing’s a boat; you’ll barely get out of a driveway. A Hellcat, though,” she said, a little dreamy.
“One of the Nine Spheres of Heaven,” said Cas. “This is the lowest one, the one closest to Earth. They are somewhat solid. Rather like glass. Dean, you have only experienced the Fifth Sphere of Heaven—it is the place for righteous warriors.” He smiled at Dean, a little
“That’s where it gets interesting,” said Dean. He was about to explain more when there was one of those loud Enochian bird-screams, and two thumps.
“Yes,” said Amenadiel sadly. “The order was loud enough that numerous angels heard it. This is—strange for Father, you understand. Normally he is specific and very precise. Generally, they go to Gabriel, frankly, but he heard nothing. It seems that the order only came through most clearly in the First Sphere. Reports said it was like he was shouting from somewhere distant, like he wasn’t even in Heaven. It affected Turiel the most; he crashed right through on his way down. There are several other lower angels who heard, and also want to follow the order: it was to kill Chloe and Beatrice or, failing that, to attack Crowley Snake-in-the-Grass, or Mazikeen of the Lilim. It was lucky you dispatched him, Castiel; he would have killed Crowley then hunted Maze, since he can’t get to Chloe or Trixie.”
Mia smiled and said, "oooo my little sexy witch in training," as he walked away and smiled at her comment.
Mia said, "It's 4:30.  Go back to sleep. You need your rest."
Dean smiled and drove off, doing his best to not sing along or show interest in the next song since it was Shake it Off by Taylor Swift while Mia sang as loud as she could and asked Dean to turn up the radio.
Sam said to let her in then he and Mia started cleaning up. When she came in, Sam introduced them then Mia went back to her book in the chair.
Mia eventually said, "Jack this is so cool! But, I thought all the angels were dead?"
Mia giggled then said, "yeah me too."
Sam kissed her head and said, "Mia that sounds like a great idea. We can talk to everyone in the morning."
Dean introduced them then Carlos immediately enveloped Ben in a bear hug and he was gasping for air before Carlos pulled away and said, "sorry I'm a big hugger and Dean talks about you so much I feel like I know you already."
"Yeah the chick who helped him with his demon powers and stuff?"
Sam nodded his head and Mia said, "We should do something. Like we could go on a little road trip and listen to a playlist of her favorite songs on the way to her grave then leave flowers and maybe stay a day or two and visit or something."
Dean said, "Yeah, sure," then walked to the cooler and handed him a Coke (the ones in the glass bottle), opening one for himself then setting it down and going inside to let the customer know he was done.
The next day, Dean was up and ready extra early because he was nervous. At 11:30, while Cas was in the shower and Dean had already been ready since before Cas even got up and was busy pacing the room and nervously playing with the tickets. Miracle followed him back and forth the whole time with his tongue hanging out.
Once that customer left,  Dean and Mia put the other wiper on then Dean said it was time for lunch. They pulled their lunches out and sat down in the fold-out chairs, eating in silence for a few minutes.
Suddenly, Jack, who had appeared a little too close to Mia, said, "Hello, guys!"
He ended up taking me to the baseball game and after the game, we got to hang out with the players, plus he got me whatever I asked for! And after we were doing hanging with the players, we went bowling and ate pizza then we came home and watched a movie. It's my favorite father/son day that I've had with him."
Mia said, "okay love you," and walked out as Sam went to the car.
After ice cream, they went to a bunch more of Jess's favorite spots, ending with her favorite park to watch the sunset.
Claire smiled and said, "thanks Dad," then went back to her pizza.
As they walked out, everyone waved bye to them and quite a few gave Mia hugs and said they were glad they met her.
Mia nodded her head and said, "Yeah, let's go," then smiled.
"Oh. Well, that sucks. You want any help?"
Mia said, "Okay, okay. You're bossy for a 3-year-old," then smiled and closed her eyes.
Once they were laying down, Claire texted Ben and said, "hey you tired yet?"
A/N - Everyone knows how to sign so they sign and speak when talking to Eileen.
while
Sam nodded and said, "Yeah, why?"
When Mia saw Sam, she turned the music off and then he got in and they both sat in silence for a minute. They could tell they both felt as bad as the other looked so as Sam drove off, Mia suggested they go to Jess's favorite ice cream place and Sam nodded his head then drove in that direction.
Mia smiled and patted Marg's hand then said, "sure, bye. It was nice meeting you."
Quote of the Week: "It's so much better to be your authentic self." - Genevieve Padalecki
Mia showered and got dressed then woke up Sam, who did the same while Mia made breakfast.
Charlie said, "that's good! I'm excited to read it!" as Little Charlie made it clear she wanted ALL of her attention.
Half asleep, Mia said, "yeah," then passed out. Eileen smiled and turned the light off then went to sleep.
"So Ruby could have been possessing Kris when we first met her?"
Sam said, "okay. Listen, Hannah, I promise everything will be okay but do you have any salt?"
As he walked over to the Impala, he said, "I wish Ben and I had gotten a chance to work on this one yesterday but I'll be able to show you a little bit after lunch if you want."
Marg nodded and said, "oh okay," then looked at Mia and said, "come back and visit sometime will ya?"
to go to bed right after dinner though because we have to get up at 4."
Mia smiled and said, "really? Cool! Thank you! Now, what's next on the tour de la Heaven?"
Sam said, "Hey, what's you're name?"
When Mia opened her eyes, they were in front of the hospital. It was the same one Mia drove past all the time but seeing it after flying made everything seem better and brighter somehow. The building was a simple red brick one with turquoise colored doors and signs but she now saw the beauty in the design and the colors somehow.
The girl turned around and smiled slyly then said, "Ruby."
I felt this quote was only fitting since all 3 of my stories this week have references to Mystery Spot and/or Heat of the Moment and that's my favorite line from that episode. Every Tuesday morning I text my friend "it was the Heat of the Moment!" then say "good morning Sammy," because that's such an iconic scene (in my mind anyway) and Heat of the Moment is our ringtone for each other. 😀
Mia said, "nice. English was always my favorite and Rowena always reminds me of the teacher I had Junior year. They both have the fiery attitude and red hair."
Dean chewed his lip for a second, thinking, before he said, "fine, but only if your dad says it's okay."
Dean said, "We worked on a few cars that came in and worked a little bit on the Mustang in between but I'm waiting on a part to come in for it so I can't do much else yet and the Camaro won't take long, we just have to find the time since there's an oil change appointment in about 10 minutes."
He had Mia give him the tools he needed so she was involved and not just standing around, plus she asked him to let her do something with everything.
They all nodded their heads and Ben rolled his eyes then they walked to the building and got started.
"Hmmm?"
He said, "Oh. But are you sure it's okay? You're not gonna laugh at me or tell me to just suck it up?"
Dean finally sat down on the bed and ran his hands over his face then Miracle jumped up to lick Dean's face. He smiled and scratched Miracle's head then the dog decided to jump on the bed and put his head in Dean's lap.
Ben said, "no we don't have any big games or anything so we just practice in class."
Ben said, "working on the Impala because he knew so much and brightened up so much when I'd remember something he showed me or jumped in and helped him. And also when he came to my band stuff because he always cheered the loudest and I knew where he was even when I couldn't see him."
When Mia got to the car, Dean was headbanging and air drumming to the radio so she laughed and smiled. Once he realized she was there, Dean said, "Hey, you ready to go?"
Dean smiled then kissed her head and opened an arm for Ben to join the hug once he came back. Ben put an arm around each of them as Dean kissed his head as well. Then, Claire took one of her arms and moved it to put it around Ben as Dean squeezed them and said, "I love you both so much."
She snuck up on Sam, telling Charlie to be quiet when she saw her, then put her hands over Sam's eyes.
Ben said, "yeah but it's okay. He was amazing and still is."
Ben smiled and said, "thanks, Dad," then hugged him.
Mia looked down at her phone and said, "what is your favorite part of the shop?"
They planned to be gone for about a week since it took 3 days to get there, 3 days to get back, and they were gonna stay about 2 days; but they packed enough for a week and a half in case they were gone longer since they weren't really gonna rush and planned to take their time. Once they left, they didn't really stop except to go to the bathroom and stretch and just switched off on driving and sleeping when it was needed. They also brought food with them so only stopped for food once each day.
Sam thought for a few seconds then started talking about when Dean first drove the Impala.
She hugged him back and said, "You're welcome. Now we've gotta teach your dad he can show emotions too."
Mia said, "No of course not. We will all always be willing to listen, all you have to do is ask okay?''
Mia laughed and said, "yeah, personal space Jack. Hi, anyways."
Dean said, "Ben come on. We gotta go. Be out to the kitchen,
Ben was absolutely beaming and you could tell hearing that meant a lot to him. Then, Carlos said, "He talks about Jack and Ash too, though not nearly as much as you. Oh and that girl uh... Claire. But you, he talks about the most."
Claire said, "YOU'RE ON!!!" then they raced the rest of the way there.
Mia said, "well you're not. You guys were my best friends and after you left I still hung out with our friend group but it wasn't the same."
He hugged Mia and said, "what happened?"
Mia smiled and said, "awww you talk about me?"
Mia said, "I am but I thought angels didn't need to eat."
Mia said, "are you sure?"
Mia laughed and said, "yeah okay. Just admit that you only pretended to be annoyed and come here all the time by yourself."
Cas smiled bashfully and said, "thanks. I brought a friend with me today. This is Mia."
Everyone walked to say hi, Ben and Mia together, and Ben said, "Hey you think we can talk tonight after dinner? There's a lot I've been holding in and I'd love to tell someone a little about my mom."
“Sam’s going to freak,” said Dean. “And so will Jack. It’s really not a good idea.” Oh god, everything
“Aziraphale says it takes some getting used to for humans,” said Cas with a shrug. “You’ve been exposed to it a great deal.”
Ella made a squealing noise and hugged Dean. Dean gave her a weird look. “What?”
Ella shook her head. “No. He says all guilty souls go to Hell anyway; he’s got no reason to collect souls. Crowley says that some of the other demons do. Collect souls, I mean, but Lucifer’s never really cared one way or the other about it.”
” Crowley.
Wait.
He was wearing a tall man with perfect five-o-clock shadow and dark eyes. The man wore a suit that screamed
“C’mon, Dean,” said Ella, nudging him away from the door. She looked sympathetic. “Let’s wait downstairs and let the angels do their angel thing.”
Chloe blinked at him. “Of course he did,” she muttered after a moment. “I mean, obviously.” This was sarcastic. “What’s one more thing?” Clearly annoyed, she pinched her nose.
, but—pluck a down feather? Easiest that way. There you go. Put it on his back, put your palm over it and—there you are, you’re a natural.”
Crowley made a traumatized hiccoughing sound.
They were really pretty wings, Dean thought abstractly, watching the feathers shift and move, alive. Brown on brown, they looked like the wings of a predator, some kind of hawk or falcon or something. A hunter.
, feeling pretty pleased with the world.  Cas’s thrums went kind of funny: he matched him, perfectly in tune, a bass accompaniment.  That was neat. He switched to
“Of course he gives them back, Crowley,” Cas sighed, rising from the chair. He shook his wings out, and man, they looked much better, if Dean did say so himself.
“I have every idea what I’m talking about,” Crowley hissed. “I am six thousand years old. You think I never learned a thing or two about humans? About myself?”
“Yeah. My whole life, apparently. It sucks.” This came out angrier than Dean intended.
The dog didn’t let him pet it – it just raced around him, tail wagging, until it stopped, stiff-legged, and then stared at Dean. It did indeed look like a large, thick Doberman or a very slim Rottweiler. It did something with its brown eyebrows that made its gaze almost pleading, as it watched Dean.
Bad things. Bad things. Sam and Jack were in danger, Lucifer was furious, the
Dean opened his mouth to reply because he didn’t really know anything about that and also feelings, ugh, but furthermore Lucifer, ugh, but he was interrupted. A kid who looked to be about fourteen opened the door to the apartment. “Are you coming in, or what?” she asked. “Everyone’s waiting.”
a second ago, honestly, Dean thought.
STARVING CHILDREN, Castiel thought frantically. Chuck was going to murder them all! His friends were in danger! This was a terrible idea! He grasped at straws and hung on to them for dear life because Dean was—Dean was—warm and close and
you great idiotic human!” thundered Crowley. “That’s what it means when an angel loses his faith! His feathers fray! He wastes away!”
. “Which means you, Castiel, need to take your human there as far away as you possibly can. Maybe go with Crowley to London or something. Azazel’s got a grudge.”
in a way Dean couldn’t articulate. You never got that, really, with burnt impressions in gravel, or whatever.
Ugh. Why. “Fine,” Dean muttered. He shut his eyes, because it was better that way. “Just do it.”
“Huh,” said Dean. “Thought everything was sunshine and roses here.”
Michael had been wearing overalls and nothing else when Dean had met him. And he smelled like pie. That was just wrong. Dean didn’t comment. “Where’s the body, Cas?” he asked.
“He sounds like he’s freaking out,” Sam said.
A little shiver went through Dean, not quite heat—not the same as desire, but similar. The paradox had been awesome.
“Yes,” said Amenadiel, “and there would have been war. You, however, are not of this universe, and you are also an angel. I won’t thank you for killing one of my brothers, but I believe that you saved us all.” He smiled, though it was a little strained. “But there are others who will want to follow this order. I cannot directly contradict an order from my Father, you understand,” Amenadiel said. “But I can keep the others occupied.”
Lucifer sat back, satisfied.
“Saw it at the Globe,” Crowley muttered. “With Aziraphale.” He tilted his head to the angel, leaning against the chair, quiet, watching.
Dean mostly had a ‘you do you’ attitude. But his dad had instilled some serious crap deep in him about being a sissy or gay that Dean didn’t like to look at too closely. He’d never pulled the poison out of himself. Mostly he tried to ignore it instead, because he knew it was crap, but it still made some things awkward, at least at the start.
“Pigeon, did you break him?” said a second voice that Dean also tried to block out.
“Of course not,” said Aziraphale, before Crowley could snarl. “Why don’t I take you out to find some materials for a dowel, Dean. Crowley, perhaps order some lunch? Or take Castiel out for a soar. That will cool your temper.”
Dean shrugged at him, mouth full of toothpaste. Cas tapped at the counter, and three shirts, two pairs of jeans, socks and underwear appeared in a neat pile. Dean spat out the toothpaste.
“Friends who abandon you, so you show up on my doorstep with a broken heart and fraying feathers!” Crowley snarled, abruptly furious. He kept fiddling with Cas’s feathers, weirdly gentle despite his rising temper. “What the
was his master? What the hell? Wasn’t Crowley a demon? Dean made to take another step forward.
“I’m going to kill him.” Dean said it with absolute conviction, even though he knew it was impossible. Killing Chuck meant setting the world out of balance. Without the Light there was only Amara, the Darkness, and the world needed both to live. Still. He would find a way, he thought angrily. There had to be a way. That bastard didn’t get to dick him and Sammy and Cas and Jack around and live.
“Amenadiel,” Cas said. “It is—very good to see you again.” He walked up to Amenadiel and held out a hand. “I did not get the chance to say hello, the other day.”
“What about Gabriel?” Crowley asked. Gabriel?
“Crowley has a Hellhound.”
Dean shared a look with Cas. Looked like they were bringing the Devil and a civilian home.
He stretched back up, got a finger under Cas’s chin, and pulled him forward. Maybe this was a misstep and a huge mistake but fuck it, fuck everything—
“That’s a big ask, Cas.”
“I have a name,” Dean muttered sullenly. Cas spared him an amused look but didn’t comment.
treated him well. It made anxiety knot inside of him.
Dean fiddled with one of the coverts. Cas shivered. That was weird, Cas being so connected to these wings, Cas being so physical while also an angel. That usually only happened when he’d been human in the past.
be manipulated into an idiotic war,” he seethed, ushering them inside. “I’m giving you a half hour. How
Was that supposed to be Cas?
Ella chewed her lip. “Alright. What do we do with--?” She looked at the body.
“I will
was making a bunch of noise nearby, and Dean ignored it. It was weird having a body again. It was
Dean eyed her. That sounded too good to be true.
“Probably because our Lucifer is the best Lucifer,” she said with a grin.
“We sent Amenadiel and Michael to investigate,” Cas continued, clearly not even a little alarmed. “And then Dean, Ella and I inspected the angel’s body. The joints were bleeding, and the angel had pieces of the First Sphere imbedded in his forearm, like he had dived right through.” He held up his arm as if to shield his face in demonstration. “Amenadiel confirmed that it was direct orders from Him Above. He gave orders to the rest of Heaven to distract them; he told them that Chloe was dead. Hopefully, this will afford you some protection.” He smiled tightly at Chloe. “If he is caught in the lie, it’ll cost him his flight feathers.”
“Very different!” called Crowley from the couch. “You never get used to it; it’s brilliant!”
----------------
Lucifer rolled his eyes. “You killed his alternate. Now he’s annoyed. Look, it’s idiotic Hell logic; don’t take it personally. All you need to do is stay away.”
“That was a
Aziraphale had cracked the sixth one, once, when they’d removed his hindwings with his demotion. It had been exceedingly unpleasant.
Yeah, no kidding. Dean got out of the car.
Watchdog barked and Dean wondered what the Hell his life had become.
“If you’re in Nightmare World, you’ll buy them more time!” insisted Trixie, pulling back. “You’ll keep Him Above away. I can be on my own for a few days.” She held up her head, proud. “I have Shepherd. And my knife.” This she added slyly, like it had some kind of significance. Who knew, Dean thought—maybe it did. “And Maze and Crowley and Aziraphale will stay with me.”
“Oh, dear.”
Lucifer understood this to his bones. He backed off right away.
Dean smiled, charmed. Thank god—someone human. Maybe she had baked pie for everyone? He shook her hand. “Probably. Good to see another human.” He furtively looked around but didn’t see any pie.
,” Crowley replied, a little desperate.
“Yep,” said Dean.
? – and also Lucifer and Chloe, dusty, like the dust bunnies that lived under a couch.
It wasn’t short, either. It felt like it lasted hours
Fuck the Jimmy issue; Jimmy was dead and gone, and Cas was here and alive and it wasn’t really his fault he needed a vessel. Cas was in the driver’s seat and he really, really wanted
Carefully, on a hunch, Lucifer reached for his own sharpened feathers. He closed his palm around one, felt it bite skin. He pulled his hand back.
Dean gaped at this.
“Yeah, I’m a demon,” snapped Crowley. “I know more about
“Angel thing?” Dean asked Cas.
“Paradoxes—” said Crowley, sliding into the room as if on socks. The room had a rug in it, and he was wearing boots, so this was kind of weird to look at. “Are the absolute
him, the human way, which was always rather strange but lovely all the same.
’s in a temper? Cuddly Crowley? Is that even possible?” Ella asked.
Amenadiel was glaring at him.
Cas’s eyes were still on him, and there was heartbreak there. There must have been a look on Dean’s face too—Dean felt weirdly devastated—because Cas’s eyes went round and worried.  “It’s alright,” he told Dean, low and soft and a little crooning. “It’s alright. I’m not leaving. We have things to do. Right?” His wing brushed Dean’s side, affectionate and careful, mindful of the blade. This was also a natural gesture, fluid and graceful, a language Cas spoke with the other angels here, this strange language of wings. It helped.
This was dangerous. That deal he’d made, that foolhardy deal; if he experienced too much happiness, too much contentment, Castiel could find himself in a very bad situation indeed…. But all was not right with the world; Castiel still worried about Sam and Jack and Chuck destroying things, so he rather thought he was alright for now.
“You literally just called Lucifer,” said Dean, stunned. She’d called him without any fear, too, and he hadn’t like, popped into being threatening to murder them all, either.
“I should warn you,” said Cas gravely. He was standing some feet away and eyeing Dean warily, as if worried he would hurl again
“What the Hell?” Dean hissed to Cas. Cas shrugged.
Watchdog gazed at him out of warm brown eyes. You’d never guess she was a Hellhound, really, except by her size and her name. “Alright,” Dean sighed. He held out a hand. “I’m not gonna hurt you.”
“Alright,” said Aziraphale, rising from the arm of the chair. “As you say, it’s not the kind of thing you can force. I will happily paradox any sort of place you like, and I’m sure you will too, Lucifer. Castiel, Dean, you may do it or not in your own time.”
Dean gulped. “Uh, then why are we going for a walk?”
He finished the tertiaries and moved on to the secondaries. One of them was bent, and no matter how much Dean tried to fix it, it wouldn’t unbend. Aziraphale clucked and clucked and talked about angels who didn’t take care of themselves and clipped the feather.
“This is different,” said the other angel.  He had dark curly hair that fell almost to his shoulders, and he wore denim overalls. He was also sitting backwards in a chair and his wings were dusty white. “Generally, there’s a reason. I haven’t found one.” He was scratching the ear of a big dog, sitting by his side. There were another two, both small, hiding under his chair
That—was totally something Dean could do, actually. He relaxed. “Alright, what’s the catch?”
“It heals quickly?” Ella asked.
“Good,” said Dean. He straightened more feathers. “Why have you never done it before?”
“It means you will be entrusting your sanity to Lucifer Morningstar,” Cas said, firm. “If he stops singing for a moment, you will go mad.”
“Choose carefully. It matters. It must hold some significance.” They’d walked in a circle. They were back at the house. Watchdog frolicked with her stick. Dean nodded slowly.
____________
“Dude, I don’t like the sound of that,” said Dean.
“Dad collapsing them, you mean,” Lucifer scowled.
“Not that I know of,” said Dean.
“What the Hell is an eyas?” Dean spluttered, grasping onto this with both hands.
He was neither especially tall nor especially short. Crowley was thin, almost sleek, wearing dark dress pants and a red button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. His hair was black and artfully tousled, and his expression anxious. He looked, in a word, like a douchebag, though a worried one. His eyes though—
Cas nodded, slowly. He eyed the empty lot. “We need to speak with Lucifer,” he said.
Dean woke to a knock on his door. He turned over, but the knocking got more insistent.
“What, bridal style not good enough for you?” Crowley snarked.
Cas made a grumbling, petulant sound but said nothing otherwise.
. Though m’lady doth protest too much, methinks.” He grinned like he’d said something extremely clever. Dean wanted to deck him, but he got the feeling that Cas would not approve.
Dean blinked at her. Actually.
She held out a hand. “I’m Chloe Decker,” she said, and gave a little self-deprecating laugh. “I guess in this crowd I should also say that I’m human.”
Even the
“I’ll go with you,” said Dean, firm. “Sammy will stay with Jack.”
? Cas, when were you dying?”
In the living room, Cas was sitting backwards on a tall backed chair, shirtless. His brown hunter’s wings were folded neatly on his back. He was watching Aziraphale with a wry smile; Aziraphale was puttering around the kitchen, chattering away about—croissants?
His opinion didn’t matter. Whatever. He twined his fingers with Cas’s and didn’t let go. Cas made that
“Dean,” said Cas, looking over his shoulder in surprise.
Lucifer clucked at the demon, and the chariot started forward, and then, like a backwards Santa’s sleigh, plunged downward, down and toward Nightmare World—toward home.
“That’s part of the First Sphere,” Cas said, shocked.
“Gabriel?” murmured Dean.
” The last was a frustrated growl. “Nobody intended to break the treaty, except Turiel.”
“Yes,” said Cas. “Very much.”
Cas drew up, insulted. “I am not!” he said.
“What?” blurted Dean. “Cas what
Chuck was destroying alternate worlds.
“It’s a union,” Cas whispered back. His eyes were squeezed shut, and he sounded a little anguished. “That’s
“Who’s Linda?”
“No, but I’m pretty sure it is,” the demon snapped. “Having humans isn’t supposed to preclude you actually taking care of yourself.”
“He is very different here,” Cas said, almost absently, like Dean hadn’t heard this about a thousand times. “I’d like to consult Aziraphale. And—check on Crowley,” he added, abruptly sounding worried. “Will you give me enough time to do that, Ella?” he asked.
Lucifer offered Chloe a hand. “Milady,” he murmured.
“Under arms?” Crowley suggested.
he thought at Cas, on a suspicion that Cas could hear him.
“Not here, and not while I’m watching you,” Crowley said loudly. “C’mon. Sunset House. We have to fly there.”
As if they didn’t know how to miracle a wall to be soundproofed, honestly.
“He’ll keep Lucifer in check, then,” she said with a nod. “Alright. Hi. Sorry about all this.”
Not that good! Some part of Castiel was grasping for things to be unhappy about. It was very difficult! Dean was preening his wings and it was the best thing! In desperation, he’d miracled a nail to stick up from the floorboard and he was digging his heel into it, ensuring by sheer force of will that he would feel it. It was very uncomfortable but if it kept him alive a moment longer to enjoy this it was worth it.
“Well it’s Him Above, isn’t it?”  Crowley slammed the drawer closed. “I
. You need to talk to Linda, Pidge, this isn’t good.”
“You going to fall asleep on me, man?” He tugged out another clump of powder down.
“Paradoxes,” said Amenadiel, right away. “They’re unnatural. I’m certain you could do an illusion with one.”
Cas chuckled. “Killing things is very unpleasant,” he said.
That was not—that was not the original engine. There were way too many horses in there.
It was kind of hard to visualize, really. It was confusing.
“Yeah,” she said. “Something’s—weird, though.” The warm, sulfur-filled winds of Hell blew back her hair. He was of two minds: on the one hand, it was
Cas made a frustrated sound. “Yes, he does, but his world is more protected than ours. I have been—building him up to it,” he added, awkwardly.
“They’re flying, dear,” said Aziraphale. “Crowley probably didn’t answer his phone because he was in the air. He’s in a bit of a temper.”
“Wasn’t the right time,” Cas murmured. “Apocalypse or Amara or—” he faded, drowsy, into another low hum.
“Yeah, it’s better! What the Hell, man!” Dean scowled. “Why is ours such
Dean didn’t drop Cas’s hand, but he did pinch his nose. Definitely not normal, he thought.
He hadn’t exactly packed anything, but the bathroom had extra toothbrushes and toothpaste, so that was alright.
“You have two paradoxes, as least,” Aziraphale said lightly. “We can build you a safe house now. If we can find a way for you to work as well, Chloe, we shall, but for now the most important thing is to get you safe. Lucifer, will you stay with her?”
Dean had no idea what was happening, and it was pissing him off. “Dude, what the Hell? I thought we didn’t have time for—”
The famous Aziraphale, Dean realized, and he gave the angel another once-over. Cas talked about this one a lot. He talked about Crowley often, too, enough that Dean had definitely known who he was—though the eyes were a surprise—but Cas talked about Aziraphale more. Aziraphale liked books and was good at research; he missed him most on research days, which frankly were a lot of days. Even Sam corresponded with Aziraphale and smiled frequently at his letters. Dean had been told that Aziraphale was good and kind and gentle, and had been tortured by Naomi.
Dean watched a lot of westerns, okay, he knew what a stagecoach was.
Things to do. Right. Right, of course. Dean swallowed down the lump in his throat. He released Cas’s hand. “Yeah,” he said. “Right—you’re right.” He shook his head, trying to clear it. It worked, but it hurt.
means ‘I love you,’ really heartfelt, regardless of context.”
“It’s really weird,” Ella said earnestly. “Angels don’t kill demons. I mean, not usually. There’s a whole truce. They pick fights but nobody
Chloe sighed. “We did assume as much. But what do we do? We can’t fight
“Private
Dean nodded. “He really loves you, you know,” he said gruffly. “Cas. He misses you, when he’s home.” This had always been clear, but it was becoming more obvious now, seeing Cas interacting with Aziraphale, with Crowley. He trusted them absolutely—a rare thing, from Cas.
.” He smirked a little, impish. “While Amenadiel was lying to angels
we fight from day to day?”
you, Dean Winchester?”
Cas was nodding before Dean could put in a word edgewise. “Of course. Thank you, Aziraphale.”
Cas patted his back. “Better?” he asked hopefully.
Azazel was a different Azazel than the one that killed Dean’s mom, but it still made Dean’s hackles rise. “Azazel?”
Charlie. That was it. She was reminding him of Charlie, a little, minus the red hair and the computer stuff. He—liked her, Dean thought. Weird.
“So. Wood,” said Dean. He was a little distracted by
Cas grumbled again.
“He can’t have the
Crowley snickered. “That was a fun one,” he said. Aziraphale whacked him with his wing.
fetching, her lovely blonde hair all wind-tossed. On the other, Hell, any part of Hell, should never touch her.
He could kind of feel those happy thrums through his fingers as he fixed soft brown feathers. He definitely felt it in his chest. It was—weirdly endearing, weirdly precious, too precious for teasing. He straightened Cas’s feathers and listened to Cas fade into a kind of half-sleep, still making that deep sound. Dean was smiling. He knew he was smiling.
“Mm?”
“Your everything smells good,” Dean replied, muffled, and it was true. Dust and honey—not a Jimmy smell. Cas thrummed at him even harder, if that was possible.
“I know,” sighed Cas. “I know. When I was here before, Crowley asked for my trust. He said that I did not have to trust the others, not yet, but should I trust
Beyond the portal, Hell was dark and horrible as always. It made something in Dean clench with carefully suppressed trauma. They’d emerged on a narrow pathway lined with twisted, dark stone. It was very hot and very claustrophobic and somewhere, someone was screaming. When Cas touched his arm, just on the other side of the portal, he jumped.
Dean was totally high as a kite and he
Missives from Daydream World came from time to time, though mostly Cas was rather quiet about them. They had increased, over the years. He shared if asked – he wasn’t hiding anything – but it seemed like he wanted to hold them close to his heart, so Dean mostly let him. That this thing fell in front of him when Cas was perfectly available was unusual. Boreas generally only came to Dean when Cas was busy.
. I mean, Lucifer was really great about it—surprisingly—but still.”
Amenadiel shook his hand. “Good to meet you! We need more humans in Angel Network.”
wings. Spread awkwardly, dead limbs, hanging from the tree. And the thing was, Dean had just learned all about wings. He’d just preened Cas’s wings this morning. He knew feathers were soft, except the blades which were awesome. How Cas went all puddly and sleepy. How he thrummed.  Wings were
“Raguel is the Vengeance of the Lord,” said the tall black angel sitting backwards on a chair. His great dark wings were folded neatly on his back, sleek and powerful looking, somehow. He looked directly at Dean, eyes bright and curious. “He is mostly powerless, these days, but when Father commands him to take Vengeance, he becomes the most powerful of us all. He ran away, rather than harm Chloe.” He smiled a little, as though proud. “You must understand, Dean Winchester, that for any of us that is a great act of defiance – for Raguel, it is a nearly impossible act of will. He has bought us time. But we must understand—why has our Father ordered Raguel to kill our humans? I would not ordinarily question an order but—our humans are beloved. I went back to Heaven and found no answer. It makes no
“On that, we agree,” Lucifer muttered.
“You both need to talk to Linda,” Crowley said, finally
No, nope, not going there.
Dean scowled. “He possessed my brother. He tortured my brother in Hell. He possessed Cas, too. He’s—killed more people than I can count. He tried to end the world, he—”
Lucifer maneuvered himself between Chloe and Beatrice, snuggling up to Chloe unselfconsciously. Beatrice leaned on his other side, totally unconcerned that he tried to swat her away a few times. It was kind of funny. Also, now that Dean was really looking, kind of unreal. Michael said that Chloe was made to make an antichrist—something cold and cruel on Heaven’s part, of course. But Lucifer brushed some hair from her eye, careful and affectionate, and that was unreal, too. His eyes met Dean’s.
bullshit, Pigeon. You are not a spaniel!”
She dialed. She put the phone to her ear. “Hi Lucifer!”
Cas squinted at him. He held out a hand, palm facing Dean.
and they are very warm, and I know them well. There is a trust element to this that Aziraphale is explaining poorly; I feel that I trust you, and I feel content
Cas stepped up to his side. He rolled his shoulders, and to Dean’s absolute shock, two huge freaking wings unfurled from his back.
“It is,” said Dean. “We heard from Lucifer—apparently he went up there and looked at the other universes, somehow?” He glanced at Ella, who nodded. “He said that they had gone dark. Because he’s burning them, man—Chuck’s burning them. And you’re next, unless we can stop it.”
“No,” said Ella again, shaking her head. “No, that can’t be—that can’t be—”
Cas smirked back to him, like he would very much like to laugh. It was a good look for him. He cleared his throat. “I should go,” he said. “They’re frightened. They’re my friends. I—I have to help them.”
Together, they followed Beatrice inside.
Aziraphale followed him. He had—four wings? Somehow? There were two more folded under the first two. What even.  Daydream World was weird.  Dean turned to Cas. “What the Hell are they talking about?”
“Then act like it!” Crowley shouted back, a little wild
Chloe pulled back from her daughter. “Probably,” she said. “But she’s right. If I’m there with you, Him Above can’t hurt you while you’re there. And it’ll keep Him from burning up that world, too.”
“Lucifer,” Decker chided, and strolled over to sit beside him. It was weird: he didn’t curl an arm around her, but he did curl his other wing around her. It was—a weirdly cuddly gesture from freaking
Cas set the angel carefully above the grass, floating in the same position it had been in the tree. Now that was a neat thing he never did at home. “Yes,” Cas said. “Though yours is quite different. Far kinder.” He smiled a little.
“Oh, there you are,” said Aziraphale, sounding relieved.
“Anything I should know?” Dean asked Ella. “About Lucifer and Chloe and this place?”
“Not a bad plan,” Lucifer murmured. “I doubt Heaven will go for it, though.”
“Like an engine,” said Dean, a tease. She definitely had a different engine in there.
“The angel came from nowhere,” said Cas, picking up the story. “He knocked me off course with his downdraft, and then he spun behind us, up and to the left; his blade caught Crowley’s wing. It’s a well-known maneuver to remove the wings of your opponent.” This was to the humans in the room. “I performed a counterstrike with my blade, and he fell, dead. I helped Crowley land, and we returned to the Sunset House. The wound should not threaten his life, but it will hurt, and if not tended to, it will get worse. It will be somewhat difficult to heal, due to the blade and the placement. Aziraphale is with him now.”
“Does she hurt people?” Dean asked Cas, already knowing the answer. It was obvious from the way she stuck by Cas’ side, head low, eyeing Dean.
but that was a bit—more than he wanted to share. Than he was ready to share.
“Cas. When.”
Lucifer hooted. “Oh, you’re in for a treat!”
“I do not do well when my demon is injured. I am aware that you love that human, Castiel, but I do not. He is a
Lucifer made a noise like an angry swan
“It does not.” Lucifer scowled. “But you’re right. We need the rest of Angel Network. And I need Azazel—he needs to know not to launch an attack on Heaven. We will not be goaded into a war just to destroy the world. I refuse.” He gritted his teeth and visibly reined in his anger
Dean opened his eyes and got a horrifying glimpse of land far down below, a cracked sign that said
“Maze would have killed him,” Cas said. Dean still wasn’t clear on who Maze was, besides a Lesser Demon.
“Oh, everything’s weird,” Ella was saying without looking up. “He’s bleeding in his joints,” she added, and Dean had noticed that too. It was hard against the silver feathers, but there. “That’s odd. Castiel, you didn’t do that, right? This is from before he died.”
Aziraphale made a horrible sound somewhere deep in his chest, the polar opposite of a happy thrum. “Alright,” he said hoarsely. “Alright. Fold it back, darling. I have you.” He pushed the wing folded again. And again, things Dean learned just this morning: that was supposed to be a relaxing move. Crowley nodded, breathing hard, and leaned forward to put his forehead on Aziraphale’s shoulder. It was a surprisingly vulnerable gesture from the same demon who had shouted at Dean just an hour ago.
“I think we have a lot to talk about, Dean,” she said, but it wasn’t threatening like Crowley had been.
“They have a truce?” Dean asked. He already knew this, but he wanted more information.
?” Dean blurted, horrified. “Cas wasn’t preening at all! For
Dean nodded. “And you’re not—I mean, why aren’t you taking care of yourself?”
“You’re doing a wonderful job, dear,” said Aziraphale, and Belial brightened considerably
Dean nodded, and he marched after Cas, through the portal.
hugs—he’s a squirmer, but once he relaxes, he’s super warm and heartfelt. His advice is pretty bad, to be honest, but he means well.”
“Crowley,” Cas chided.
“I don’t know,” she said. “Just—weird? Like everything’s gone kind of dull, I guess. I feel fine—I feel great, actually—but, like, less immediate? If that makes sense?”
Well. That didn’t sound good. It also didn’t sound like Hell. “Okay,” Dean said slowly, “but why?”
Cas looked at Crowley.
—” She didn’t seem to be referring to Dean.
Dean blinked at Cas, surprised. That was a great deal of devotion, there. To a demon, no less. But that demon looked ready to cry, yellow eyes and all
Trixie knew. Maze had told her about Reapers, once, those entities that took away the souls of the dead. Maze had promised to keep them away from her. When she’d got Shepherd, Maze had said that a Hellhound was more than enough to scare away a silly Reaper.
“Because it’s not as black and white here as it is there,” said Crowley sharply. “Greater Demons are forbidden to kill humans directly. But Azazel holds a grudge and there’s ways around that decree
“Sit,” said Aziraphale. “Lucifer can wait a few minutes. Eat.”
“Angels make their own bodies, here,” he murmured, again. “They only bleed red if they know that blood is meant to be red. Otherwise it is generally silver.”
, a rare, precious feeling for Dean. It made him snuffle close sleepily, filled with affection for his best, favorite angel.
“You know what’s going to happen when Gabriel gets wind of this? When Sandalphon does? I mean, we have Michael, but he’s not the rebellious type. I’m not equipped to go to
“What the Hell?” said Sam, expressing Dean’s thoughts perfectly.
—” He sounded terrible, like he’d broken something sacred. It kind of made Dean want to swaddle him in a blanket. Since when did Cas freak out so hard about killing angels who attacked him?
Well. Fuck it. What was Lucifer going to do, judge him? Better or not, he was still
Dean had treated Cas poorly enough. Things were changing, he thought, determined, right here, right now. If they were going to do the chair – and they were, because that meant they could sit closer—then Cas got the seat. Dean got the arm. No arguments. It was stupid and symbolic and they were doing it.
“Probably. C’mon. I’m glad we got to chat. Thank you,” she added, as if reading his mind. “For telling me. And—just—keep in touch, okay? Angel Network’s all about banding together.”
against his palm, and the feathers shifted.
“We have access to more information on Nightmare World,” said Cas. “The bunker has all the information we could need. If Crowley and Maze stay here, in this house, they’ll be safe from attacking angels. Lucifer and I can research possible solutions. He will be able to return here at any time through the Eighth Circle gate.”
“Weekly,” Dean said, nodding. “Alright. We have to figure something out at home.” Maybe welding goggles? Would that even work? No way would Cas consent to experimenting.  “Listen,” he said after a moment, not really sure how to ask this but also dying to know. “Do you know—I mean, Cas doesn’t make a lot of those—noises – in fact, he literally never did ‘til he got here—”
It seemed to be made of light, almost glass but not quite solid, or at least not solid to the human eye. She grasped it with the tweezers well enough, anyway. “What’s this?” she asked.
What the hell?  Dean eyed Cas, surprised. That sounded like—banter? Since when did Cas banter? Since when did Cas know
“Store bought knitting needle, then?” Dean teased. Cas actually shuddered. So, this was a real thing, then. Duly noted.
“We’re here to tell you what happened in Heaven,” Amenadiel said heavily. “Why that angel attacked Crowley
“WHAT?” Dean squawked. Cas buried his face in his hands like a teenage girl.
“Crowley, that’s enough.” Cas had slipped from the chair and slid himself in front of Dean, which was probably a good thing; Dean was really ready to punch the douchebag. Who the Hell did Crowley think he was? “It’s alright. It’s
“Is it? Is it really?” Aziraphale said, and his voice dropped, low and playful
Cas came down. His wings were tucked away, and he looked unhappy. “Aziraphale says to tell Lucifer,” he said quietly. “He says that we should go there in person.” He chewed his lip. “And, Dean—” He cast his eyes away. “If you’re willing to try that paradox, we should. He says that if Chloe is protecting us somehow, as Amenadiel suggested, it’s imperative to keep her safe.”
“Of course,” said Dean. It wasn’t like Dean hadn’t also freaked out when angels had started showing up in his life, though admittedly that had been amidst a bunch of other really freaky stuff.
The story washed over Dean. This favor thing didn’t sound good. “Souls?” he asked abruptly. “Does he collect souls?”
“You think there is a connection,” Lucifer said, and he also sounded sick. He curled his wing closer around Chloe Decker, who put a hand up to her mouth.
sound. “It’s kind of like ‘uh-huh,’ but it has some other meanings too. Like ‘I’m paying attention,’ or ‘I know’ or ‘I approve.’ Informal agreement, Linda calls it
thought Dean.
Cas shrugged. “Different world; they use different terminology. It’s alright, Watchie,” he added when the dog whined again.
Chloe thought about this
world, every one of our humans is precious.” He smiled with all his teeth. “I will not tolerate any deaths. Do you understand me?”
The kiss was warm, and sweet and goddamned perfect, and everything Dean had misinterpreted or ignored for the past several years. It was like coming home
“What?”
“What--?” Dean blurted.
“Now is not a time to mourn.” This was Michael, but he didn’t look—good. He was kind of green around the gills, like talk of Chuck being a bastard was making him nauseous. He’d stopped petting the dog. “Now is the time to prepare. If this is true, and we don’t know that yet, then we have to protect Chloe Decker and her daughter—her bloodline—at all costs. If it is not true, she still needs protection from Raguel if nothing else. His defiance cannot last forever.”
“Come with me,” said Crowley, and Dean followed him down the hall and then down the stairs.
Cas shrugged at him. “Are you ready?”
and you should try it.”
“Hold you to that,” rasped Crowley. “Treat him better,” he added to Dean, firm.
“Leave him alone, dirtbag,” Crowley’s voice snapped. “You have a lot of winning over to do before you get to make fun of Castiel.”
“I need to consume as much beer as I can find,” muttered Michael. “This is terrible.” He stood up and brushed the dirt off himself.
mean? That’s my good Left Hand they tried to murder!” The last was a growl. “I can’t go through
“You do things for Angel Network. When they ask for your help, you help. That’s the point, Dean. You’ll see.” He sounded very confident in this. Dean was regretting his life choices even more now.
That was like, unheard of back at home, nobody dying. But sure.
. “How?”
, no harm would come to me. And I did. And he was right.” He took a breath that Dean was fairly sure he didn’t need. “So, Dean, I will ask the same of you. In Daydream World—trust me, if not the others. That can come later.”
Ella stretched out one of the angel’s wings. She petted the first primary – the one that was sharp on Cas. Dean was about to warn her when he realized she knew perfectly well what she was doing. “Not a top-tier angel,” she said. “No sharpened feathers. Aaaaand—” She touched the joint of the wing, where the wrist would be. Her gloved fingers came away silver. “They don’t bleed red unless they hang out on Earth,” she explained, and that was—different. Dean looked to Cas, who nodded.
“His wing is injured but he is otherwise fine,” said Castiel.
“I have to disagree, dear,” said Aziraphale, and now he looked a little pissed, too. Somehow, that was more disturbing than Crowley looking angry. “The first time you came here you were terribly depressed; the second time, more so. When we get back, Dean, you may borrow a dowel, and I will teach you, if you like.”
“Alright?” Crowley asked Cas gruffly, pulling back and folding his wings.
“He’s an
Bleeding was the physical, human translation, of course. Without a body the effect was quite different, though no less unpleasant.
