“I love this moment,” said Fantasy Sherlock, and John’s own smaller fingers dipped lower, behind his balls.  “You’re always so tight here.  I’ve felt corpses looser than this.”
Yes, this has been reposted.  There was a small but significant error in chapter 9 that affected chapter 10, but I edited 9 and kept 10 as it is.  If you read them already, you probably won't even notice, but it was a consistency thing that messed with the plot, kind of.  Thanks for pointing it out, CC.
They took a shortcut through the picturesque Japanese Garden and stood on a curving wooden bridge to watch the koi swim in lazy circles beneath them, before continuing back toward the main entrance.  The colour runners were reaching the finish line: plumes of coloured powder shot up into the air and event workers sprayed the waves of runners with fire extinguishers full of colour as they crossed the finish line.  John and Sherlock were heading towards the motorbike when a panicked shriek rose up above the general din.  John heard someone calling for help, and without even thinking about it, ran from Sherlock’s side to where a small crowd had gathered near the finishing line.  Someone was trying to prevent the cannons from going off and someone was yelling for an ambulance.
intimacy, terrifying as it was, trust issues be damned.  He wanted to hold the person he loved, to say sweet nothings to them, to lie, sweaty and sated, within the circle of someone’s arms, hear their heartbeat.  He couldn’t even imagine Sherlock being able to do those things.  It’d be just like him to have an epiphany during a nice cuddle and leap up and out the door, chasing whatever it was that had crossed his mind, leaving his partner befuddled and alone.
Mr. Chapman frowned, reminiscing.  “Kind.  Busy, always pottering around in that garden of his.  Wore a flower, always, right here.”  He patted his chest.  “Loved youngsters.  Even before he had his own children, I remember that.  Kids just loved him, too.  His wife, she had the brains, always working on something.  Maths, I think.  Sometimes he’d read to the kids down at the library when they were here in the summer.  All the children in town knew him.  Followed him around like the Pied Piper.  Just ask Marjorie.  Her son, Henry, and Ernie Owen’s son, Adam.  Best of friends those two, always tagging after Mr. Holmes.  He really should have been a teacher.  He had the knack.”
to be told anything about his past when it was apparently simply on display, so it was only fair that John be given a few glimpses into what made Sherlock Holmes tick.
He walked with his phone in his hand, waiting for it to buzz, and buzz it did when he was halfway to Camden Town.  He stopped and checked his texts.
They stood together and moved to the sofa, where they simply held one another for a long, long time.
Sherlock tucked his bare feet up under himself.  “My brain is all I care about.  Everything else...is just transport.”
between cases, a task much easier said than done.  Sherlock’s black moods were miserable and sometimes scary, and, as a doctor and good friend, John tried (to an extent) to help Sherlock through the crippling ennui.  Such an endeavour was not for the faint-hearted, and as often or not John just gave up, said “Fuck it”, and angrily stalked off to the pub while Sherlock destroyed the flat.  As time passed, though, Sherlock matured; Mycroft seemed much less concerned and “danger nights” became far and few between.
In a fury of naked limbs, Sherlock lept from the bed, threw open the window, and sent the ruined muff to the same fate as the offensive peacock feather, sailing out into the night and into the middle of Baker Street.  He shut the window, drew the curtains, and stood expectantly.
John was attempting to steer a troupe of interior designers through the east wing.  Anthea, who was running behind, had sent a long list of directions and entrusted John with the task of getting them to their assigned rooms.  John couldn’t imagine why anyone would need to employ people to rearrange furniture.  One older man was an antique dealer and was tagging artefacts to be put up for auction; most pieces, however, would simply be sold with the home.  Neither Mycroft nor Sherlock seemed to want any of it.  John had grown rather attached to his own comfortable bed and wondered whether it would be appropriate if he should ask to buy it for himself.
“John and I have very important business to attend to,” he politely told  the local force’s equivalent of Sally Donovan, before extricating John from a very distressed Leybourne Senior, whose portrait would likely be the last weak-chinned Leybourne to grace the main entry.
“Sherlock,” John warns.  “I’m going to come so soon.  God.  Was dreaming, you know.  When you woke me up.”
, he thought immediately, until he reached in and picked one up to find it completely unlabelled.  He pocketed the tiny glass tube, feeling confident he’d found what he was looking for, walked out of her office to find Melissa still engaged with her computer, and sat back down.
He found the ad and dialed the number.  He got an answering service, where a bored-sounding woman with a thick Yorkshire accent asked the caller who was interested in the room to leave a name and number.  John did so and then turned his mobile off.  Leeds just might be a place he could restart.  It sure as hell wasn’t Afghanistan, and for that he was infinitely grateful.
The cab started moving again.  “So, how much do I know about hair removal?” said John, continuing the original conversation.  He put aside those nagging feelings and considered what he did know.   “It’s biologically fascinating, actually.  Adult humans grow body hair to distinguish themselves from children.  It’s a mark of sexual maturity; hair under the arms and on the groin holds in not only heat, but scent, pheromones, sex attractants.  And then people shave it off to be more sexy.  A bit counterintuitive.”
“You’ve made a fortress,” said John as he climbed under the duvet and Sherlock turned off the table lamp.
He pulled the keys to the secret garden from his pocket and placed them in the drawer of the nightstand.
With that, he took off as fast as he could, naked and dripping and praying he didn’t slip on the floor and crack his head open.  Behind him he heard Sherlock groan with frustration before he, too, hauled himself out of the water and gave chase.
) that John couldn’t help but oblige.  All of which were usually followed by Sherlock panting, “my love, oh, my love” as he teetered over the abyss.
...and John gasped, waking himself.  He sat up in bed, panting, and realised, with shock and a profound sense of relief, that he had an aching erection.  He took a few shaking breaths that were more half choked-off sobs than anything before kicking off his pants.
Owens swayed on his feet; John rushed forward and helped him into his chair. He looked deflated, as if someone had simply unplugged him and he had nothing left.
fine without him; he was alone and addicted and miserable.  John didn’t want to move out.  He just really wanted to, well, have an orgasm with another person.
“You’d love it.  I can picture it now - you looking all posh, smouldering at the camera as they style your hair and go after you with a makeup brush.  You wouldn’t even have to try.”
“OK, OK. Oh...” John let his head fall back as Sherlock took him into his mouth.  John looked at the ornate ceiling before closing his eyes and surrendering to wet heat and suction.
John closed his eyes and counted his heartbeats.  “What do you...are you usually...?”  He didn’t know any better way to put it.  John really didn’t know the vernacular of gay sex.  “Top or bottom?” he managed to get out.  He didn’t want to force Sherlock into something he would find distasteful or wasn’t used to.  When he realized that penetrative sex was likely on the agenda for the weekend, John decided he would be all right with anything.  Being penetrated would be...different (he’d had a tip of a finger once during a particularly spectacular blow job and that hadn’t been uncomfortable in the slightest), but the idea of being filled by Sherlock, having that beautiful cock stuffed inside of him, filling him up - well, he could deal with that.
John agreed.  He hadn’t realised how much he’d missed the sun, the sun whose novelty had worn off after just a few weeks in the Helmand province.  The sun was just another enemy there, one that caused heatstroke and dehydration and constant sweat.  To the moors of Yorkshire, though, the sun was a welcome friend.  Even the flowers rejoiced, bursting forth in great blooms of colour.  The warm weather wasn’t predicted to last long, so John enjoyed it while he could.
Sherlock looked at his violin, his expression softening.  His eyes raked over John’s face before a little wrinkle appeared between his brows.  “You don’t actually hate me,” he declared.
For a horrible ten minutes John was quite positive Sherlock simply wasn’t going to turn up for dinner.  He’d gone and changed after his awkward experience in the spa, hoping Sherlock was back in the room, but the detective was nowhere to be found.  So John journeyed down to dinner by himself.  He said hello to Navya, who appeared to be ending her shift, as he passed by the reception area.
She smiled enigmatically and didn’t answer.  “Is that all you brought?” she asked instead, gesturing to his kitbag.
“Just a moment.  I’ll see if she’s available.  She actually gives some of the speciality massage packages herself.  May I mention your friend’s name?”
Beside him, Sherlock slept deeply.  As tired as he was himself, John felt a certain duty to stand guard, to protect the person he held most dear.  They were together now for the long haul, he figured.  Things were different now, the tension and pain of the past slipped away behind them, not forgotten, but less harsh, like rocks polished by the sluice of a free-flowing stream.  Once again they were being drawn together, the chemistry between them flaring to life.  John felt the pull of attraction borne not only of love and respect but also of desire; feelings once buried finally being allowed to percolate to the surface.
John had nothing else to say, so he kept his mouth shut as Mycroft let himself out.  He no longer felt like reading, so instead he changed into his old jeans and a lightweight jumper, thinking he would finish weeding the flowerbed he and Lestrade had worked on the other day.  He was nearly out the door when he remembered the key to the locked garden.  He retrieved it from his nightstand and tucked in the front pocket of his jeans.  Mycroft wasn’t the only one who could keep secrets.
The problem was that he couldn’t stop imagining what it was going to feel like, when all Sherlock’s attention was focused on them, on their joint pleasure, deducing his every desire and then delivering.  And soon, too, back in that ‘ludicrous bed’ with those soft, satiny sheets. Jesus fucking Christ.  Crime scenes would never be the same again.
John had been occasionally dragged to antique shops by his aunt as a child, and he’d hated their musty smell: a combination of cat urine and mould spores.  To his child’s eye, everything had been useless and boring.  Now, as an adult, John found he liked ducking into Mr. Chapman’s.  It didn’t have that particular odour, either; instead it smelled of old books, like brittle paper or wool, lemon polish, and glass cleaner.  John found the owner himself interesting: having lived in Burnett Thwaite his whole life, Mr. Chapman knew just about everything about the village and the people who lived there.  He opened his shop three days a week and habitually wore a bow tie and cardigan combination of which John wholeheartedly approved.
If it was Sherlock’s plan to exhaust his lover, he succeeded.  John came twice that night, once in the bath and again sometime in the wee hours of the morning when Sherlock woke up feeling randy, broke out the lubricant, and demonstrated just how talented his fingers could be.  Thoroughly shagged out, John slept like the dead and woke up at 10am, alone.
The postman got out of his car, shut the door, and went to the back of the garage where John could see various tools and gardening equipment strewn about.  It was enough time for John to get a look at his footwear: black Dr. Marten steel-toed work boots.
“I wasn’t, to be honest.  I don’t know.  Maybe it’s just something about this place.  There’s something very... cathartic...about it.”
He loved the feel of Sherlock’s hip bones, the skin warm under his palms.  Sometimes Sherlock liked a rougher touch, liked to be gripped firmly by those hips while taking it from behind.  For now, John kept his touch gentle as Sherlock began to move above him.
.”  She raised her eyebrows suggestively.  Then she turned back to her cooking and said nothing else on the matter.
John flicked the catches with a finger.  Something sparkled inside.  Curious, he opened the lid as Mrs. Hudson looked fondly at the contents.
When they arrived back at the Manor House, Sherlock finally turned and drew John close to him.  Had he been crying?
“Oh, sorry, yeah, I was going to suggest you try the hydrotherapy bath or something while you wait.”
John runs in the door ten minutes later.  “Sherlock!  My God, was he here?  Jesus Christ, are you OK?”
A few flowering trees broke into blossom, and hyacinths, tulips, daffodils and crocuses stretched themselves toward the sun, which was slowly but surely warming the earth.  John no longer needed the heavy duvet at night, the countryside finally throwing off its nightly blanket of frost.  Things were almost settling into a routine, for which John was appreciative.
John would blame the manhandling later for not realising that the muff had been inadvertently squashed between his body and the mattress.  He honestly hadn’t noticed it.  It was hard to notice much when he was so turned on and Sherlock was fumbling around in the drawer of the bedside table for lube.
, the pulse and flutter of muscles, and then he, too, was gone.  One last tremendous thrust and he came, as far into Sherlock as he could.
“I need to have a look at Lillian’s office, and I think you, John, really should find out what’s inside ‘The Fountain of Youth.’”
Both of them giggled, remembering the way Lestrade’s eyebrows had shot up with his lip curled in disbelief when he’d entered the garden.
The dream still lingered, the feeling of being pressed close against another body still fresh in his mind.  Without a second thought he rolled over and jammed a pillow underneath him.  The urge to rut, to move his hips and fuck was so strong that he just went with it, humping the pillow like a teenager.  He clenched his buttocks tightly, pushing up and in and not even caring that there was no partner with him, no warm skin to hold, no tight heat to pump into.  It had been so long...months and months of absolutely nothing, no sexual desire whatsoever, that it overwhelmed him and before he knew it he was coming, spurting into the pillow as he held himself up with his arms and pushed his pelvis in, the roar of his blood a motorbike rumble in his ears.
“I didn’t even think you did that.”  John’s face heated, as did his groin - he was going to have to learn to control his arousal because this was just damn embarrassing.
They were now in the main gallery hallway on the second storey, where a row of stern-looking men gazed at them from gilt-framed paintings.
Smiling in spite of himself, John reached out and smoothed Sherlock’s hair, which was in a complete state of disarray.  Sherlock leaned into the touch.  No wonder he’d been so guarded with his body; Sherlock Holmes was
“My father was an unkind man.  He’s...he’s not right.  He never touched me, never me.  But Maggie and Suzanne.  I didn’t know, I didn’t even suspect,” she continued, “and my mother refused to notice.  Maybe she couldn’t deal with it.  Sherlock told me.”
Before they could sell, several repairs had to be completed, parts of the building needed new wiring, and teams of tradesmen soon arrived to finish restoring and renovating the lower level of the east wing.
“In my professional medical opinion,” said John, “he eats stupidity and shits sarcasm and if he farts at all, it’s in the form of an windy insult.”
John and Sherlock became something more than friends but less than lovers.  Sometimes John wondered whether several years of his life had been deleted - the ones in which he and Sherlock had enjoyed crazy, passionate, endorphin-fueled sex - and what remained was the familiar comfort, bickering, and companionship of those long married.
“Is he with you, then?” said the owner of the squawk.  A pretty girl, under too many precisely applied cosmetics.  “Out, the both of you!  Perverts!  I’ll call the cops!”
“You’ve lived with the wanker for three months now.  I know he can stink.  Jesus, when I found him a few years ago at that crack house he hadn’t showered for…”  His sentence was abruptly cut off by a certain someone kicking the back of his seat.  “Oi.  Stop that.”
Sherlock looked immediately concerned.  “You did, though.  Right?  We don’t have to do that, if you don’t want to.”
This scene takes place during chapter 22, “The Momento”.  When I was originally writing The Guarded Secret, I didn’t really see a place for an explicit sex scene.  So I didn’t write one.  I was also under a time constraint; I had to finish before I went back to work.
“Hmm?  Human?  No.  Too expensive.  And you never know what you’re getting on the black market.  These organs are entirely porcine.”
“Oh!  Mike then.  No, Stamford is a decent enough fellow.  Dreadfully boring, I’m afraid.  Married, two cats, high cholesterol, favours yellow mustard, excellent researcher though terribly disorganised, well-respected by colleagues and students.  I wonder if he knows anyone with a mass spectrometer.”
John was going to attempt conversation again when the unmistakable whiff of damp Labrador mixed with one too many gin-and-tonics heralded the imminent approach (on somewhat short legs) of a member of the landed gentry.
“Is it OK?” Sherlock murmured behind him, running his hands over John’s back, down his chest to tweak his nipples, before sliding over his belly and back to his hips.
It’s all funny, isn’t it?  Whatever they are to each other.  Funny how similar laughing and crying are.  They are either a grand comedy or tragedy, but he’s damned if he can figure out which.  And that in itself is amusing.  So funny.
So he freezes in front of the weird new staircase, closes his eyes in the dream, and wills himself through the hypnagogic fog until he finally awakens and sits up, in the home he knows is his own.
After a minute, she steps back and watches him brace himself for the next hit, waiting, waiting, then slowly daring to relax, then brace again out of panic, then relax.
, to unwind the tension and heightened stimulation from earlier, to build his pleasure and find his release and let it suffuse him, envelop him, satisfy him.
Irene stands in front of the open armoire, perusing its contents with a critical eye. The inside of it is hidden from John by the angle of the doors, and the light is too low for him to see anything anyway, but he watches as she removes a few things and sets them carefully on the leather bench. She opens a drawer in the bottom half of the armoire, removes a few more objects, then one last thing from the drawer below. She lays everything out on the bench, arranging each item carefully. John can see some oblong shapes and the dull blackness of leather, but little else.
They stare at each other for a moment, then Sherlock begins to lean forward. John’s hands meet Sherlock’s chest defensively, but there’s not strength behind them, not yet, and Sherlock ignores them.
John lets one hand drift down to rest on Sherlock’s abdomen while he moves around to grip the handle of the plug. “Okay?” he whispers, and Sherlock nods, then grunts as John pulls it free. He wraps the plug in the towel on the bench, then turns the wheel to lower the cage ceiling another few inches.
He’s not sure he’s going to reach the point where he’ll have to do something about it right here, even though he’s certain Irene wouldn’t care and might not even notice; she hasn’t looked back at him once since she started.
“Did you forget I was working late, love?” John reaches up and ruffles his hair back from his forehead, then cups his face gently, stroking a cheekbone with his thumb.
“The first time was a couple of years before I met you. It was right after the last time Mycroft… well, the last time he had to... intervene. He threatened to tell our parents… that’s his big gun, the one threat that always works… and told me I needed to figure out another way. He made a couple of suggestions.”
Apparently the fight has, in fact, gone out of Sherlock, as he allows John to make quick work removing his jeans and pants. It doesn’t stop Sherlock from glaring at him while one leg is stretched tight towards the corner of the bed, and its ankle secured. When John reaches for his other ankle, he flinches it away. Not kicking, not breaking the rules. He just jerks it out of John’s grasp for a second.
Whether this is from the pain of the higher voltage or the fact that his cock is already stirring again, John can’t tell.
John follows her across the room to the cage. She unlocks the wheel and turns it, lowering the cage ceiling just until Sherlock’s feet can plant firmly on the floor again. Sherlock issues a slight moan which hints at gratitude, but he's still at the mercy of the involuntary convulsions of his body.
John gasps and grits his teeth, then relaxes into the sensation. Sherlock continues to work his cock as he slides a second finger in, moving both hands slowly in a coordinated rhythm.
John turns the vibrator on for a full second, and Sherlock tenses around it again, thrusting his hips up. He exhales loudly when it shuts off, and John uses one finger to draw the pre-ejaculate fluid down the shaft of his cock, almost idly. He turns the vibrator on again as his finger drifts back up.
Sherlock blinks at him, slowly, three times, inhales thoughtfully, and replies, “What was the question?”
“Does this hurt?” he asks, relieved at the shake of Sherlock’s head, even among choked coughs, staggered breaths. John brings the arm down slowly, encouraging Sherlock to plant his palm on the floor. He massages up and down the arm, trying to bring the blood back into it, until he could feel Sherlock supporting his own weight.
breathing, and absent any other immediate medical distress, John’s first priority is freeing him from the grid.
Mycroft sighed and turned around, confirming that he was, in fact, wearing a reindeer tie. He stood with a hand on his hip, opening his coat just enough to reveal a matching pattern on the pocket square. He glared at John, who was not bothering to hide his high-pitched, only
“Anyway,” John said. He watched Sherlock looking at his picture, and he felt such a surge of love and remorse that he almost got dizzy. He rose from his chair. “I’m gonna make some tea. Did you want some?”
“No… Sherlock…” Sherlock covers his mouth, and John’s words are swallowed momentarily, but in short order John grips Sherlock’s collarbone and pushes him back. They stare at each other for another second.
Unsurprisingly, not too much time passes before they sense each other’s desperation and start to pump in earnest, hard and fast. John feels Sherlock’s hand fist in his hair, a warning, and he pulls Sherlock’s hips forward to keep the head of his cock at the back of his throat. Sherlock pulls off John to moan breathlessly as he comes, his hips twitching uncontrollably into John’s mouth, and John moves with him, swallowing and swallowing around him.
John closes his eyes against this. He teases Sherlock about it, and he knows he shouldn’t, and he vows right here never to do it again. The truth is he doesn’t like to think about how difficult it must be to live inside that head, all the time, every waking moment at a million miles an hour.
He slides down Sherlock’s body, grabbing the waistband of his shorts as he moves, and pulls them off as Sherlock kicks out of them. Sherlock hitches up onto his elbows to watch as John removes his own shirt and pants, then kneels back onto the edge of the bed and takes Sherlock into his mouth.
John turned his head to the side when breathing finally became difficult and tried to figure out how he was possibly going to solve any of these problems, ever. His eye sockets felt like they were filled with sand, but he blinked and blinked and willed himself to keep them open. When he did, he saw a glass of water and a bottle of paracetamol on the bedside table.
Daniel is still bracing against the wall with one hand, working his own cock with the other, and irrational politeness makes John decide that he can at least make sure this poor sod gets off. He closes his eyes and steadies his pace until there are unmistakeable signs, then takes advantage of Daniel’s distracted recovery to resume his frenetic rhythm.
Sherlock’s tongue traces a path up the shaft of his cock, and John groans as Sherlock closes a fist around the base. He pumps slowly with his hand, pulling back the foreskin, and then laps at the slit, sucking at the salty liquid he finds there. Finally, he circles his lips around the head and slides down, slowly, almost loosely, slicking his way with saliva. He opens his mouth and pulls up, touching only his tongue to the thick vein underneath. He does it a second time, and John lets his head fall back for only a second, thrusting up into Sherlock’s mouth, craving a tighter heat, but he’s the one who told Sherlock to go slow.
Sherlock shakes his head, so slightly. “No. Please, John. Please?” Now he does pull, and John resigns, lets himself be moved off, settling in against Sherlock’s side. John’s hand moves up to cup Sherlock’s cheek, thumbing away a last bit of wetness out of the corner of his eye, then brushing the damp curls from his forehead.
“You really are,” John called after him, turning back to his paper. “That might have to go in my blog. ‘Mycroft Holmes not only owns a Christmas tie, but wears it out in public.’”
Then, reaching up to grip the metal crosshatch of the grid wall angled above his head, John starts fucking Sherlock’s mouth. Properly fucking it, deep and fast and unrelenting.
Sherlock puts the tray down on the table, pours his own cup, adds milk and four sugars, and returns to his chair.
“Not really,” John says, rubbing his hair again. “The melody came into my dream. I knew it was you playing, and kept trying to find you, but every time I went into a new room, it seemed like you had just moved out of it.”
John realizes he has another question he wants to ask. A request, really. But unlike a moment ago, when he needed to see Sherlock’s face, he has the opposite instinct now. He wants to ask this question in the dark, to give Sherlock a measure of privacy to process it, so he can decide how he wants to answer without being influenced by what he might read in John's eyes.
“He just knows, you know, everyone.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “People. Places I could go, people who were trained to… help. But John, I haven’t been since you came back, obviously. I won’t ever go again.”
Lestrade scoffed. “No way am I witnessing what’s about to happen. I’ll come back tonight and see if I need to arrest Sherlock for homicide, justifiable though it may be.”
He lets Daniel type a number into his phone, and fakes his way through the brief, weirdly uncomfortable thanks-for-a-good-time kiss. John watches him disappear down the stairs, scrolls to the number, and swipes left, deleting it.
And Sherlock does, his hips thrusting as far forward as they are able as he fucks John’s hand, adding to its mess and shouting behind his bit in aching, desperate relief.
"Now then, Sherlock Holmes." Irene looks at him almost like a painter regarding a canvas. “What are we going to do to take you out of that pretty little head of yours?”
When she is directly behind Sherlock, Irene is more or less out of John’s line of sight, and then Sherlock inhales sharply. A few moments pass where John can guess what it is she’s doing. He tamps down a jealous pang.
There’s an eight-foot-tall real tree in front of the window by the sofa, a shorter skinny fake one behind John’s chair, and three different green ceramic ones on the coffee table. (All of the lights on all of the trees are blinking in random and very likely headache-inducing patterns.)
Irene reaches for Sherlock’s hands and one at a time slides them into the cuffs, adjusting the buckles and checking the fit carefully. When she is satisfied, she steps back.
She moves the vibrator and wand together back to the center of his sternum, then down, so slowly, over his stomach and into his lower abdomen, settling just above his straining erection, then back up to his sternum, then back and forth from one nipple to the other, over and over again, a regular, predictable pattern.
He closes his own eyes in the hopes that he can somehow divine the source. He knows if he looks frantically about the club, he’ll never find it. He wants to be able to open his eyes and look in the precisely correct direction, so he can know for sure.
Sherlock exhales slow and controlled, squeezes his eyes shut for a moment, then stretches his neck and stares at the ceiling. “I fucking hate you right now,” he says quietly.
Sherlock’s eyes had fallen closed, and his hand still rested on John’s chest. “Hmm,” he frowned, then opened his eyes, narrowing them at John. “Actually, I think I fancy a game of Monopoly first.”
“Apparently, you got monumentally drunk with some of your new coworkers, and crashed on one of their floors. Christ, John, you couldn’t even make it to the couch?"
“No. A patient’s. Obviously I can’t tell you which patient, and you really actually cannot ever tell anyone that I gave it to you, Sherlock, I mean it. But… I thought you might find it interesting.”
“Well, to be honest, I was getting my boxes of decorations down from the attic, and I thought I would put a few things around your flat, but then my hip was acting up again. I didn’t take any more than usual.” She blinks again. “Did I really do all... this...?”
He’s moving over John, holding himself up with hands that are wrapped around John’s wrists, pressing them to the bed on either side of John’s head. He is only barely staying out of contact, lowering himself just enough to ghost his lips here and there over John's neck and upper torso. John inhales deeply, a trick to lift his chest, but Sherlock, wise to the ploy, rises with him, maintaining the thin space between them.
Sherlock moans in response, his eyes scrunched tightly shut. He breathes loudly behind the ball gag.
“I love it. It’s perfect.” John loves that Sherlock is embarrassed by his own kindnesses. He looks over at him. “So are you, Not So Secret Santa.”
She pulls the flogger from his body completely, then rotating it in a circular motion, strikes down one hip, then the other, back and forth in precise, clearly practiced movements. His breath is still gasping as he turns his head into his shoulder and upper arm, and his hips flex forward once more.
, then,” John replies, forgiving that Sherlock tried to dodge the question. He’d have done the same thing. “I just want to try to understand it a little. See if it’s… possible. For us.”
John is standing in front of the open freezer with a paper bag in the shape of a pint of ice cream in his hand and a seriously exasperated expression on his face.
did I do?” he rasped as Lestrade started the car. He swore he felt the lining of his esophagus absorb the first sip of water before it ever reached his stomach.
“No. Look at me,” John demands sharply. Sherlock complies, and his expression is dark, heavy-lidded.
“Yes,” Sherlock whispers. John looks down and sees Sherlock’s cock twitch in response, and feels a strange sense of satisfaction. He withdraws his hand and moves back down below Sherlock’s knees. He pours lube over the toy and pushes it slowly into position.
“Sorry, Sherlock, but you’re making room for this fucking pint of ice cream. Now stand here and pick something so we can move on with our lives.”
Her efforts had essentially saved Willow Cross from bankruptcy.  Leybourne was very pleased with her but wished his son had more interest in the place.  He rarely, if ever, sets foot in the spa himself.
A rousing cheer went up from the throng in the distance as another round of colour mortars exploded.
“How delightful,” said John, tracing the flower under the glass.  “The colours still look fresh.  Does your mother enjoy gardening, too?”
Sherlock must not have even finished before he was back to manhandling, and before John knew it, he was being forcibly rolled from his front to his back so that he lay on Sherlock’s stomach.  How Sherlock managed to keep them connected was a miracle, but soon there were large, warm hands on his cock and within a few sloppy pulls and several deep thrusts, John was coming as well, gasping for air and only vaguely aware of his own semen landing hotly across his chest.
John stared straight ahead and tried to ignore his racing pulse.  What if...they were sexually incompatible?  His experiences with penetration in that particular area were limited to a single finger (and once, he recalls with great fondness, a tongue).  What if Sherlock simply wouldn’t
Sherlock said nothing; John was forced to open his eyes.  He peeked blearily at the headline: “What Drives Him Wild In Bed.”  Good God.  He shut his eyes again and began to nod back off.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” he gasped when he found his breath, “muff…” (gasp) is a common slang word for…” (gasp).
“And you’ve hated every minute, haven’t you.”  There are tears in her eyes now.  “Don’t you deserve to be happy?  I love him, too. Why can’t you just admit it?”
“Oh God!” Smith screamed again.  Watson barked orders to the soldier next to him.  His current patient -- now minus an ear -- would live.  Shouldering his gear, Watson covered the short distance between the two buildings to where Smith was lying in the dirt.
“Oops.  Sorry.  I didn’t mean to sound spiteful.  Lillian really is very kind.  And she has done so much for this place.  It’s just that she’s kind of a celebrity around here.  Everyone seems to do whatever favours she asks, and Mr. Leybourne basically handed the spa over to her.  If Lillian wants something, she gets it.”
But for whatever biological or chemical --or romantic-- reason, right now Sherlock was not, for once, craving the feeling of John, hard and hot, inside his body.
John smiled.  “Yeah.  You too.”  Time stretched out, and John was struck by an odd feeling, like he should invite Sherlock in for a drink, or something.  Something
John tied the robe a bit tighter around his waist - just to be safe - before getting off the table.  “Dinner,” he said, “is going to be absolute hell.”
“Fuck you, you bastard.  I didn’t want to know!”  John shoved him a bit, playfully but without much force; he was too tired.
The sheets were covered in lube, he was a wet mess, he hadn’t even touched his prostate, and the toys hadn’t even come within their intended vicinity.  Yet John lay panting and smiling up at the ceiling.  He could handle this whole penetration business.  It was rather lovely indeed.
Marjorie (Margie to her friends) was closing up for the day, but she welcomed John’s company and promised to send him home with a baguette if he’d help her sweep the floor.  He did so dutifully, and when she finally hung the “closed” sign on the window, he showed her the list of people Sherlock had written up.
“Sometimes, but not always. My guess is that Maggie picked this flower during the treasure hunt and pressed it in the book for remembrance.”
That was until one night, when his sleep was interrupted by the chattering blades of Mycroft’s helicopter.
She pursed her lips and shook her head.  “I know what your mother thought about your pursuing the matter.  But I suppose with her gone now, too, there’s no harm in it.  Do you really think he was murdered, Sherlock?  Still?  After all this time?”
“Sorry, mate, was the sausage,” replied the DI, waving his hands a bit, which did nothing more than combine the odour with the heat and smell of exhaust.
“Oh, this man here, he saved me,” said Angelo.  “I would have gone to prison if it weren’t for him!”
John shivered at all the right stimuli, laughed when the fur tickled him, and squirmed as the detective traced it over his erogenous zones.  “So,” he eventually said, “I can’t believe I’m actually condoning this, but what you were doing earlier…”
John, having little else to do that day, took a walk around the grounds.  The spring breeze was warm, and the leaves, having finally unfurled into their green glory, whispered their delight.  Other than that, it was quiet.
During his two years of exile, Sherlock will replay John crying out, “I’m his friend!” again and again.  But he was whisked away too quickly to hear what followed: “I love him.  Oh God, no, please, I love him.”
Cursing, John fumbled with his cane and the door handle and managed to get inside without dropping the tray --or himself--on the floor.
“Hm-hmm.  As fine as I think your arse is -- I can’t wait to get your trousers off, by the way -- I have no intention of penetrating it.  Of course, unless you want me to.  Kiss me again?”  John did.  “Perhaps I should have clarified.  Not that I’ve had a lot of experience in this area.  It’s been a very long time since I have been sexually active.  But I’m rather keen on the idea of you penetrating
John shivered.  He felt odd, all of a sudden, so full of love and lust that it swelled up against his ribcage, his senses overwhelmed.  He licked his lips and whispered, “I see us.  Together.”
Sherlock can do nothing but follow John’s demanding lead. John hears him whimper deep in his throat, knowing he is stretching Sherlock’s jaw to painful limits. Sherlock is breathing loudly through his nose, but John doesn’t really care that he’s not getting enough air at the moment. He wants this, right now, and he's taking it.
it.” John reaches in and grabs something at random, a vaguely spherical lump, frozen solid and covered in what looks to be several torn pieces of aluminum foil. “I’m throwing this out.”
Sherlock slowly pushes himself to a sitting position, then slides off the chair onto his knees. He shuffles forward to close the short distance, and waits.
Sherlock stretches his jaw open and closed as John sets everything on the bench. He turns back to take Sherlock’s face in his hands, gently rubbing the joints with his thumbs, then leans in and kisses him as tenderly as he ever has. Sherlock’s mouth doesn’t work quite right yet, but neither of them care.
The sensation is fantastic, but it’s an awkward angle, and as much as he enjoys denying Sherlock, he’s not that interested in prolonging his own release. After the promised minute, he pops off with a wet sucking sound and grips the metal grid to leverage himself back up to standing, positioning himself sideways, alongside Sherlock’s body. He grabs a fistful of hair again and shoves his mouth against Sherlock’s ear as he starts working his cock again at a feverish pace.
He pulls his hand back and tucks it against his own chest. His voice is barely above a whisper. “Sherlock. What is going on?”
Mycroft and Sherlock grew before his eyes with every turn of the page. Eventually Sherlock’s curls came in and he got down off Santa’s lap, and the Santas changed every few years, but two things remained constant, photo after photo: the abject misery of the Holmes boys, and the relentlessly cheerful holiday apparel they modeled.
A package, about the size of a shoebox but standing on its end. Wrapped in Christmas paper. Big red bow placed squarely in the middle. No card.
John pulls Sherlock’s forehead down to press against his own. “Are you okay?” he whispers cautiously.
“Sherlock,” he called, but it came out a whisper, besides which he only got as far as “Sherlo…” before the rest was lost to a dry heave.
There’s a matching one in 221C. If it’s turned on or off in one location, it turns on or off in the other.
On the table are at least eight different open liquor bottles, and four highball glasses, three of them drained of whatever their contents were. There’s also an open and half-empty jar of maraschino cherries, a lime cut haphazardly into bits, a peeled lemon with no sign of the peel anywhere, and a single olive on a toothpick balanced on the mouth of one of the liquor bottles.
“I’m going to work you, with my mouth, for sixty seconds. Just one single minute, Sherlock, that’s all.”
John nods and is surprised when he feels tears he swears came out of nowhere trailing down his cheeks. “Dammit,” he says, embarrassed, scrubbing at them with the palm of his hand.
Irene continues trailing the flogger up his stomach and chest, then whips it across his sternum in a criss-cross motion for a solid minute.
The car pulls up to an externally unremarkable row house. Sherlock doesn’t wait for the chauffeur but pulls the car door open himself and bounds out, and John is almost relieved to see a sign that Sherlock might be a little nervous as well. John slides over and exits after him, taking deep breaths as they climb the stairs to the door.
He hasn’t been to a club in a decade. He doesn’t go now with any real expectation. He orders a shot of tequila, knocks it back in one, passing on the salt and lime bits. He thinks his age will be an issue.
John’s hand freezes for an instant. He doesn’t know exactly how to respond. After all, almost everything they do in 221C could be classified as punishment, in one way or another, but he doesn’t think that’s what Sherlock means.
She drifts the tip around the outside of his chest, then down and across his ribcage, the wand continuing to crackle as it transfers the current to Sherlock’s skin. Occasionally he jerks involuntarily, and Irene allows him to just barely find his footing before starting up again.
He knows Sherlock can feel it, the added warmth against already hot skin. The pace of Sherlock’s stuttered respiration matches John’s, but his whines are rising with need, imploring, while John moans with total satisfaction.
He’s sitting at the table in his pajamas and dressing gown. Well, not sitting, exactly, but resting his head on one arm that is outstretched along the table’s length, watching the liquid in the remaining glass swirl around as he stirs it with a swizzle stick. When he realizes John is standing there, he sits up with a start and nearly falls out of the chair.
place?  Of all the places you could have picked, you had to pick somewhere high-profile that catered specifically to women, for God’s sake...”
While not as profuse as the wiry, shining curls that frame Sherlock’s prick, the skin immediately surrounding sweet pucker of Sherlock’s hole is also kept cosy by a dusting of hair.  And it is
3-methyl-2-hexenoic acid is attributed to normal body odour.  It’s easy enough to create in a lab.  I was not exactly successful in my attempts to replicate Eau de Jean. Seems I couldn’t make the concentration quite right.   Perhaps the resulting odour was redolent of a giant-sized John who had completed a super-heavyweight boxing match three days prior and hadn’t showered since.  221B smelled rather like a boys’ changing room for nearly a week.
Dinner was nice, actually.  They ate at the Midnight Bell, where he splurged and ordered a steak pie and a lager.  Beat the hell out of the frozen microwave dinners he’d been forcing himself to eat at Harry’s.  He tried not to devour his meal in seconds as Mike told him all about his wife.  They hadn’t had children, but had done some Medecins sans Frontieres work in Africa.  John was surprised how easily they fell into conversation.  If he were honest with himself, perhaps he was afraid that he’d forgotten how, that the man who joked with his buddies had been left behind (no, not ‘left behind’, horrible euphemism.  Dead, they were all dead) in Helmand.
Mycroft nodded, sipped his tea, and furrowed his eyebrows.  Clearly not his usual, which was probably grown on a mountaintop in Tibet and harvested by magical tea fairies under the full moon.
Redbeard slept on my bed from the time I could remember.  He grew older, his doggy breath became more pronounced; his flatulence could clear a room.  That didn’t stop me from rubbing my head next to his, nuzzling his ears.  Rubbing their softness against my cheek.  He became incontinent.  He wet my bed; I’d clean it and not tell Mummy.  His eyes grew rheumy.  Mycroft complained bitterly about the stench.  Underneath it all, however, his smell remained, one of warm fur and dander.
“John,” he said, “I’m rather flattered, but I’m not really...that is...I…I’m not looking for...”  His voice trailed off as he pressed his lips together.
Yet they tick on, our bodies’ metronomes.  I place my palm on his chest.  My heart aches with love; it throbs with life.
“You hold no attachment to that job, John, and you know it.  You can find another in London.  Part time, of course.  And in in the interim, you can be my assistant.”
John Watson is not necessarily impulsive.  He broods a good deal, thinks things through.  But he’s excellent at thinking on his feet when immediate action is necessary and for some reason he’s pretty sure he will never understand his hand shoots out to the ledge where Sherlock keeps his poncy conditioner.  One pump in his hand.  His hand to his cock.  Oh
“Suit yourself,” said John, shrugging.  “Unattached.  Just like me.” He didn’t mean anything by it, just stating a fact, but realised that his words may have been misconstrued when Sherlock’s expression shifted.  He looked a particular way when he was deducing, John realized.  Tiny muscles twitched in his face before finally settling on a combination of both surprise and confusion.
“I heard you,” she said, ripping open the packet and placing John’s hand on the table where she could inspect it before wiping it down with an antiseptic pad.  “I’m sorry I don’t have a local for you.”
“I’ve had relationships,” Sherlock offered with a dismissive wave of his hand.  “Tedious.  I prefer to be unattached.”
The photo is dark, but John doesn’t need to see.  He closes his eyes and he sees what no one else is allowed to: all those secret little hairs?  They’re
There was something pathetic about seeing a man’s life bundled up into containers. John found himself close to tears, suddenly and painfully reminded of the soldiers he’d served with in Afghanistan and the pathetic parcels of books, clothes and personal belongings they’d left behind.
“I’m not here to save you.  Or change you, for that matter.  I made that explicitly clear to your brother the night we met.  You are who you are.”
Hello, insistent erection: proof that Sherlock Holmes is indeed human and male.  I think it looks ridiculous.  On John, though.  Well, that’s another matter.  I very much want to see his anatomy, in all its various states of being.
“I see.”  She looked down at her hands for a moment before mustering a sad smile.  “I’m not sure how I can help you.”
Lestrade sniffed and wiped his brow.  “Now there’s the problem.  I don’t know, honestly.  It’s never bloomed for me, so I can’t figure it out.  I was going to tear up the bloody thing, but Mycroft seems to want it for some blasted reason, so I’m keeping at it.  Maybe it’s the soil pH.  Lack of potassium or something.  Fussy bugger.”  He swatted at the thing with his glove, as if bullying it a bit would give it the impetus to bloom.  “But the old roses are nearly ready.  Come have a look.”
The other gentleman stood, albeit slowly, and shook John’s hand.  “Samuel Campbell,” he said.  “Pleased to meet you.”
Andrew didn’t even see it coming.  There was one distinct advantage of being smaller than an assailant, and that was generally that they anticipated their opponent to be of the same size: they reached in a certain way, expected limbs to be where they were not.  John slipped his arms up and under Andrew’s, knocking them off his shoulders, before headbutting him right in the nose.  Shocked, Andrew stepped back before attempting the same move that had bloodied Sherlock’s cheek.  John grabbed his arm instead, swept his feet out from under him, and held on as Andrew’s own weight dislocated his own shoulder.
Just then, a sharp rap at the door startled them both.  John dove under the covers as Sherlock sat up; their skulls nearly colliding in the process.
John nodded.  Of course.  The postman would be round six days a week, would know the habits of the people he delivered to, their daily routines, even details of their lives based on the mail they received.
a reader, although his tastes were usually for popular crime dramas or spy novels.  He’d paid attention in English literature classes, however, and remembered the gist of many of the classics he was required to read for A level.
“Oh,” said John, trying to find something else to talk about that didn’t involve rubbing.  “I got you something today.”  He reached into his backpack and pulled out the chemistry text.  “Met with Mr. Chapman in the morning.”  He laughed to himself.  “I actually bought an antique copy of
“Brian Holleran.  Girlfriend did.  They’ve got a long-distance thing going on; she’s in Edinburgh during the week, see each other at weekends..  Noticed he’d been missing payments on things, bills piling up, letters from debt collection agencies.”
Sherlock wove the bike expertly through clogged traffic, and a short half hour later they were pulling up to what appeared to be a massive country house estate.  Instead of being overrun by tourists, however, the place was swarming with runners.
“I met them.”  Navya grabbed a few napkins and folded, the action automatic now.  “Dr. Watson was very polite.  Kind.  Fit.”  She smiled.  “And Mr. Holmes was…” She paused to find the right word.  “Intense.  Very observant.”
He rubbed it across his face again; pleasurable.  Down his neck, then.  Also pleasurable.  He fondled the handwarmer for a moment more, then peeled off his socks and tried the fur over his feet.   Surprisingly pleasurable as well.  Hmm.  Sherlock held the muff, frowned at it, then placed it on the coffee table and stripped off all of his clothes.  Naked, he found the flat cold, so he turned the heating up by more than a reasonable amount, then laid the tartan blanket over the sofa (cold leather against his bare skin didn’t sound appealing) before flopping himself down on his back.
John did the maths.  At £850 a pop, the woman had dropped £5100.  He could tell exactly what Sherlock was thinking - she couldn’t afford it.  Even if she were loaded, it would be a hefty expenditure.
He’s trying.  Sherlock has assured him a hundred times that talking to one’s daughter is critical to healthy relationships.  John knows he’s right. He never talked to Mary.  Not really talked, not about the things that mattered.  It’s the least he can do.
John could be so insipidly dull sometimes.  If he had not broken wind in the doctor’s general direction, it was simply because it’s not what you do when you are trying to impress your flatmate, when you are attempting to be alluring and mysterious.  A peacock on display does not fart.  He struts, he fans his tailfeathers and attracts his mate.  John, however, seemed to be oblivious to the peacock’s charms.  Likely because he was not a peacock.  A bird of prey, perhaps, some type of falcon, maybe.  How did falcons attract mates?  Likely in the same way.  Tailfeathers or talons or something.  Perhaps the bird metaphor was unfitting, however, since the female bird only chose the showiest mate for the sake of passing down her genetic material, and John had no use for Sherlock’s genetic material whatsoever, at least as far as reproduction was concerned.  Come to think of it, most biological metaphors were completely unsuitable, since most the mating behaviour in males for most species were frankly barbaric in regards to male relations, rams hitting each other on the head again and again in competition, stags ripping each other’s throats open just for a chance at a two minute copulation with a fertile female.  Even more confusing was the fact that John and Lestrade seemed to be vying for the loudest and smelliest wind.  Was a male’s stench a sign of his success as a mate?  Did intelligent men really find this kind of puerile silliness a sign of manliness?  Did they wave it around like the peacock’s tail, a telltale sign of a healthy and properly functioning digestive tract? Sherlock’s eyebrows came together in frustration.  No, forget the peacock.  Did birds even break wind?  No.  They didn’t.  Peacocks most certainly did not sneak out to use the toilet in the bathroom of the currently vacant third floor if they needed to void their bowels while their flatmate was home out of common courtesy and a completely unwarranted but undeniable need to be found...what?  Likable?  Desirable?  Attractive?  The entire business was confusing.  It was giving him a stomachache.
“I think you’ll do quite nicely,” said Mr. Holmes, looking genuinely pleased.  He turned back to his paperwork.
“Don’t worry, John, I think you will find this case,” said Mycroft, his mouth quirking in a very Holmsian expression, “relaxing.  If Sherlock solves it in ample time, that is.  Do try to enjoy yourself.  I will, of course, cover your expenses.”
John awakens, just enough to reach out not an elbow, but a hand, and push him over to his side, then snuggles up behind him.
Orgasm left him breathless and boneless and he was quite sure he’d die smothered by Sherlock’s shoulder.  He was sweating profusely now, his belly was a wet mess and his finger was still tucked securely away in Sherlock’s plump backside.  He wriggled it experimentally, and Sherlock grumbled, “You’re trying to kill me,” into the pillows.
it, just a little bit.  Just to let him know that his own son may not be there, but I still was, I was there to help, and I thought he’d just wobble a bit, and I could hold it still, or catch him if he actually stumbled, and he’d say ‘thank you, Adam,’ like he always did when I handed him his paper, like he did when…”  he trailed off and put his head in his hands.
The picture round began.  John missed the category, only vaguely hearing the people at his table call out names.  “Barbara Windsor!”  “Diana Dors!”  “Dawn French….ooh, who’s that one? The one who was mates with Princess Anne.”
Maybe it was because he hadn’t been intimate with anyone for so long, or maybe it was because he was kissing an incredibly sexy man, but whatever the reason, John was as close as he’d been to coming in his pants since his teenage years.  They’d stop and get their breath back, noses rubbing against each other, foreheads bumping, a press of lips to an eyebrow or cheekbone, and then go back to it, lips meeting and parting, tongues swiping wetly against each other.  Sherlock seemed to enjoy soft, closed-mouth kisses as much as the intense, sloppier ones; his big hands framed John’s face, brushing his hair off his forehead, cradling the back of his neck.  He was vocal, too, little groans and sighs escaping those perfect lips.
“I’m not sure I can move much like this,” said John, running his palms up Sherlock’s sides and down again.
Metcalf placed two new pint glasses in front of them, wiped his hands on his towel, and went back to the other side of the bar by the fan that wasn’t doing much to help.
“Well, it’s a bit complicated,” he said.  It came out easier than he expected.  For all the times he’d denied it, insisted on two rooms, rolled his eyes at the assumptions, the truth was horribly easy.  Fancy that.  “We’d really just like to keep a low profile, if you get my meaning.  You know, keep the mystery going.”
Thanks to both of my wonderful betas for their work on this chapter.  And for all of you readers who keep leaving the most wonderful, encouraging notes.  I am so appreciative!  This has been so much fun to write...and so much longer than I originally planned!
.  Observe.  It’s fascinating.  I should have chosen a unisex place, however.  There’s one a few blocks from Baker Street; maybe I could work something out.”
John hung back, tucking the keys into his pocket, as Sherlock surveyed the garden.  Sherlock stood close to the door; John watched the sunlight catch in his hair and found himself appreciating the line of Sherlock’s back, the curve of his arse.
John looks at him for a moment, oddly overwhelmed with affection at this particular moment. He closes his own eyes for a deep breath, then sets the mobile on the bed where he can see the countdown and settles himself on all fours between Sherlock’s legs. He allows himself a few seconds of indulgence, tasting the smooth skin of Sherlock’s stomach and, for now, ignoring his leaking erection.
Irene notices John’s questioning look. “That’s how he prepares,” she says as she closes the door and turns the lock. “You may not have noticed it before, he’ll have done it before you joined him. Come sit down.” She places a hand on his back, and he lets her guide him to the sofa.
“Sherlock! Dammit!” Adrenaline pumping, John’s military training kicks in as a reflex. He tightens his legs around Sherlock’s middle for leverage and grabs his right wrist with both hands. He lets Sherlock’s left hand claw at his arm until he secures the first cuff. In less than six seconds, the other wrist is similarly secured.
They stand like that for a moment or two, until John regains a measure of certainty that his voice will work if he tries to use it.
They lay together, Sherlock’s head on John’s chest, every limb hooked around another, pressing themselves into each other, never getting close enough, and John knows there will never be a good time to talk about this, so he thinks
John smiles and says all of this in one smooth, conversational, Sherlock-making-a-deduction breath: “You don’t really remember why you retrieved every liquor bottle from our cabinet, arranged them on the table, poured some measure of the contents of each of them into four different vessels, retrieved all the popular cocktail garnishes from various locations throughout the refrigerator, added them to the vessels in multiple combinations, and proceeded to ingest them over what I’m estimating was the last hundred and twenty minutes?”
“I’m really persistent.” John kissed him a third time, then lifted his head. “So we’re going to keep trying, okay? I mean, I really don’t want to make you uncomfortable...” and with this, he began to kiss his way back down Sherlock’s body... “but there will likely be many occasions when I just...” kiss... “won’t be able…” kiss… “to stop myself…” kiss... “and I can’t have you getting all weepy every time.”
He groans as Sherlock’s mouth finds that twitchy line between his abdomen and his thigh. It’s one of his most sensitive areas, which Sherlock is keenly aware of. He feels the very tip of his tongue trail along its length, back and forth, with the barest hint of pressure. John tries to hitch up into the touch, and Sherlock pulls up, out of reach, chuckling.
Sherlock’s mouth opens and closes as though he means to protest, then decides not to. He presses his lips together for another moment. A gleam appears in his eye.
He slowly unwraps the present. It’s a stunning cabled sweater, richly patterned in a muted blue wool John is sure was meant to bring out his eyes. He can tell by the feel that it’s handknit, and the label sewn in at the collar tells him it is actually from the Aran Islands. It must have cost a fortune, and John’s blue eyes swim for a minute as he pulls off his oxford and slips the sweater over his head.
She moves back to the wheel and raises the ceiling slowly, his arms extending above his head, then completely straightening, then straining, and finally he groans, clearly back to being aware of his surroundings, as she lifts him from the floor until only the balls of his feet and his toes are touching the ground.
They’re still here. Sherlock inhales, exhales, inhales against his chest. John leans down to press a gentle kiss to the crown of Sherlock’s head. He waits.
you didn’t notice the chauffeur’s shoes. How else do you think I knew about the citrus allergy? From the dead purple cyclamen? Ridiculous. Not to mention the victim’s elbow prosthesis...”
“Come back here, yeah?” John’s hand reaches for Sherlock’s and pulls him, shifting down so Sherlock is over him once again. Their kiss is slow, patient, full of honesty and the spark of heat that’s always, always there.
“A pleasure to meet you, Doctor Watson,” Irene smiles warmly. “Why don’t you and I chat a minute before we get started?” She motions toward a leather sofa backed against the far wall opposite the cage, which John hadn’t even seen on his first sweep of the room.
Sherlock’s chest caves back instinctively, but he also doesn’t want to lose his connection with the floor, so he whines and tries to stop his motion from taking him too far off balance. The second he regains some control, Irene cracks the crop against one nipple or the other, maybe once, maybe four times. He growls through his pain and frustration, but manages to stay still.
He collapses into Daniel’s back, pressing his forehead into the grey cotton, hoping Daniel, if he’s even aware of it, thinks it’s sweat and not tears that seep into the fabric. They are both gasping for breath, and when he opens his eyes, his heart stops because of a split second of a familiar silhouette in the periphery of his vision, one there is barely enough light to see, disappearing around a corner at the end of the hallway.
Anger surges over his affection, consuming it, drowning it, and John takes a slow, steadying breath. They’d have that fight later.
John’s eyes fall closed. “Oh.” He leans his head back and blinks up at the ceiling. “Oh, Sherlock. I might have been. I mean, I can’t swear to you that I wasn’t. I wasn’t thinking that, but maybe subconsciously...”
“Mum,” she yells, trying to stop the avalanche of detritus from her purse, wedged behind her shoulder and now tipped upside down from bending over. “Mum, stop talking, I dropped the phone…”
“Hey, it’s okay. Sherlock. We’ll be okay. But we should talk about it.” He runs a palm over Sherlock’s long, smooth back, willing him to relax, to breathe again. He waits until he feels some of the tension ease before he continues, careful to keep his tone matter-of-fact.
“All right. I’m going to get your ankles now.” John lets his hand drift up to cup Sherlock’s shoulder as he reaches around to unbuckle one ankle, then the other. He feels compelled to make sure he doesn’t break physical contact, not even for a second. He trails his hand across Sherlock’s back as he shifts from his knees to sit properly on the floor in front of him. “That’s it, you’re completely unhooked. I’m going to slip the blindfold off now, okay?” Again Sherlock nods. He’s still breathing heavily as he reaches up to wipe at his wet mouth with the back of his hand. John moves his own hands up to Sherlock’s neck, and continues one up around his cheek to push the blindfold back and off.
“You were so…” Sherlock’s voice trailed for a long second, then he blinked, and regrouped. “... you know… blonde.”
Sherlock’s back instantly arcs rigid as he yells behind the ball gag, long and loud at first, then stuttering as he inhales just enough to keep yelling. At the same time, his hips snap forward in an erratic rhythm as he comes, and comes, and comes, fluid pulsing from his cock with every thrust.
Sherlock looks down, clearly having forgotten he was naked. “Oh. Right. That’s probably a good idea.”
Sherlock flounces into motion and begins to pace. He can no longer ignore the not sleeping and the not breathing and the not moving and the heart pounding, because these are not signs of fear, exactly, but signs of
They shift a little bit more, just a few inches here and there, getting everything lined up and balanced, until they finally find a comfortable fit and fall into a steady mutual rhythm. At some point John feels Sherlock’s hand drift from his hip to pump him along with this mouth, and John follows suit. They continue to tease with wrist twists and tongue flicks, each giving back what they feel from the other, and adding something to it.
John is, in fact, up for it, because he isn’t dead, but he can’t bring himself to give in quite so quickly. “Now? I haven’t had a proper supper yet.”
Sherlock does as he is told, slowly walking himself backwards as John shucks his jeans off the rest of the way, along with his pants, and pulls his t-shirt off over his head. He moves around Sherlock and uses the restraints he had placed earlier to cuff one ankle to the bottom of the grid, then the other.
He turns and looks down the hallway in the direction of the disappearing figure, the shadow, the illusion. He moves slowly in its direction, knowing he won’t catch up to it, assuming there is something to catch up to, but his heart thumps in his chest when he sees an exit door at the bottom of a metal staircase. He moves down the stairs, leaning heavily on the bannister, and shoves the door open.
John is as close to coming in his jeans as he has been since he was a teenager, but he presses down on his erection and tries to take deep breaths. He knows it would help him relax if he closed his eyes for a few minutes to collect himself, but he barely even wants to blink for fear of missing a moment of what is happening before him.
He rises to his feet and gently lifts the headphones from Sherlock’s head. Sherlock’s position has knocked a couple of inches from his height, so John is able to lean into his ear quite easily.
Sherlock sighs. “So is Irene, as it happens. The point of this isn’t an emotional connection, John. It’s about surrendering your essential physical autonomy, for however long you’ve agreed to do so. Sex happens to be the particular... conduit, I suppose would be the closest word. I’ve tried this with both men and women and found that it makes no real difference, so it’s just a preference of individual personality, and aesthetic, if you want to call it that. Irene is good, and I like her.”
“I didn’t know what the fuck I was doing, Sherlock. It goes against everything in my nature to cause you pain. I think there’s ample evidence, through the course of our history together, that my tolerance for you in any kind of distress or danger is quite ridiculously low. For me to be the one to cause it, it might take some getting used to.”
Sherlock sighs and starts to sit up again, and this time pushes his way through John’s half-hearted attempt to keep him in place. He finds John’s gaze and holds it for a second before he speaks.
…” He goes stock still for a moment, then shudders against Sherlock’s side, dropping his head against his shoulder and maintaining only enough awareness to make sure he actually comes all over Sherlock’s abdomen and cock.
John thrusts forward once. Sherlock grunts, breathing heavily through his nose. John pulls back slowly, keeping himself just inside Sherlock’s mouth, for a beat or two, then thrusts again, feeling the head of his cock bump hard against the back of Sherlock’s throat. He pulls back again. He does all of it one more time, quickly forward, then a slow pull back, and holds still for just a moment.
Sherlock lifts off the backs of his heels until he is kneeling straight up. His eyes don’t leave the floor as he loosens his t-shirt from the waistband of his jeans, then reaches back and pulls it forward over his head. He extricates his arms and drops the shirt to the floor next to him, then sits back again.
He took his time trudging up the stairs, dreading what was about to happen, mostly because he had no idea what was about to happen.
He traces up John’s legs and slowly smooths his palms over the tops of John’s thighs, as though he is feeling them for the first time. He leans forward and presses his mouth to a hipbone, running his tongue over the skin, tasting it, while the fingertips of his right hand skate over John’s cock, twitching to life under his touch.
Sherlock wakes from a fitful sleep at 3am, tosses and turns and proves the quadratic equation in his head and finally decides it’s as good a time as any to work on the etude he’s been composing. He shrugs his dressing gown on over his pyjamas and switches on the kettle as he shuffles through the kitchen.
Sherlock decides to make tea with maybe just a slightly higher than usual amount of noise, trying to wake John up in a way that appears accidental. Teapot, cups, saucers, milk, sugar, spoons clink onto the tray. When he carries it into the living room, John is sitting up, leaning forward, rubbing his eyes.
“That,” Sherlock says, raising his torso off the bed, “is literally the only thing that could entice me to move right now.”
Not only did John not know what to say, but now he didn’t know what to do. Should he just stand here until Sherlock moved? He could feel the gravity of sleep pulling at him, so as a course of action, just standing here wouldn’t last long. He opened his mouth to try one more time, then closed it, then realized how thirsty he still was, and now that he thought about it, he could use a piss, and the silence just got more and more awkward. When he finally spoke again, it was tentative, halting, as he expected to be cut off at every syllable.
He came so close to losing the man kneeling before him today, for reasons of that man’s hubris and impulsivity, nothing more.
He takes a moment to savor the tight, unprepared heat, as well as the quiet but unmistakable groan that he has finally been able to wring out of Sherlock. He pulls back and slams forward again, and again, until he notices that Sherlock has recovered his ability to stay quiet, and has also started shoving back with nearly equal force to meet him.
Quite suddenly, John grabs Sherlock’s wrist and flips toward him, shoving him away so he’s forced to roll onto his back. John throws a leg over Sherlock’s waist and hauls himself up to a sitting position.
“Oh, Ollie, what are you doing here? Get inside, you, it’s freezing out here,” she clucks, pushing the door open and then reaching back to pull him in after her, like she doesn’t quite want to let go of him, and when they are both inside and the door is closed, she pulls him into her arms again.
is your bloody heart.” He set the blue medical cooler down rather harder than necessary on the desk, then framed it with both hands, a sarcastic presentation, before starting to pull off his coat.
“It helps. I can... ignore the endless deductions, the constant mapping of connections and evaluating conclusions. It all… just… stops. It’s the only time it ever does. Someone telling me what to do, restricting my movement, relieves me of making decisions. The pain creates an environment where everything becomes white noise. And the denial, the fight to stay in control, to stave off release, takes so much concentration, so much focus, nothing else can get in.”
Finally they are more or less where they need to be. John rests one hand lightly on Sherlock’s hip as he draws his cock into his mouth. It’s such an odd sensation, this position, and he has to resist a strange urge to somehow try to move his head around. He tilts forward and slides his mouth down, inhaling the musky scent of sweat and salt, then groans around the shaft as he feels his own cock sink into Sherlock’s ice-cooled mouth.
“Fine. We’ll attract all the feral cats in the neighborhood, shall we? Stand up straight,” Sherlock says exasperatedly, pushing John’s shoulders back a little. He moves around behind John’s right shoulder and holds the bow out in front of him. “Thumb here, four fingers on the other side.” John takes it from him and tries to mimic the position. “Here… just…” Sherlock mutters, repositioning a couple of fingers, and sighing in despair.
John tries to settle his jaw against the black chinrest. “I don’t think this is ever going to feel right.” He pulls the violin away for a second and looks down at it, then tucks it back under his chin. “They couldn’t have made the chinrest out of something soft? It’s not terribly comfortable.”
Sherlock ripped the paper off the flimsy cardboard box and lifted the lid, blinking at the contents.
After taking in the room, John realizes that he is also not quite done taking in the woman, who he sees now is more than beautiful; she’s really quite striking. He still feels off-balance by the fact that she is so casually friendly, like they’re all meeting at a dinner party.
Every Saturday, Mrs. Hudson has lunch in Piccadilly Circus and then goes to the Westminster Community and Leisure Centre to play bridge. On this particular Saturday, a bitterly cold Christmas Eve, she walks home with her scarf-wrapped head bowed down against the chill, so she doesn’t notice the figure standing by the front door until she flat out plows into him.
“This is…” John shook his head and grinned widely at each passing photograph. “This is the greatest thing I have ever seen.” He continued turning pages, year after year, the photos long since ceasing to show children, until he finally realizing exactly what had happened today. He looked up at Sherlock, aghast. “You’re kidding me. You’ve kept doing it? All this time?”
“Of course!” Sherlock is studying the ingredients label intently and therefore replies like he isn’t actually listening.
John is struck by Sherlock’s beauty in the oddest moments, like right now. Sherlock follows his instructions perfectly, with instant, eager grace. There were nights when he was simply stunning in his submissiveness, and tonight is one of them.
He thinks about what Sherlock said before, about the pain and the denial and the escape it provides from the constant motion in his head, and now John can see it, really see it, and he is suddenly and unexpectedly overwhelmed with emotion.
Sherlock shakes his head slightly. “Not yet. It’s a little busy up here tonight.” He puts a palm to his forehead, then slides his hand back through his own hair and lifts his head to look at John. “I can play you back to sleep, though? That one lullaby that always works?”
John turns the vibrator on and off at random for another minute, watching him flail, then pushes the button and leaves it on. Sherlock yells wordlessly for almost ten seconds, then, finally, breathlessly: “Stop, stop, stop…”
Sherlock’s face broke into a crooked smile as he looked up at John. “This has been sold out for months.”
and John is kind of pleased with himself for spotting it and is then immediately annoyed at himself for being pleased in the face of this carnage of cheer.
“You really can,” John answers, his voice still calm and quiet. “You can choose to respect what I have just told you I need right now. You
He knows why he feels the fear of Sherlock’s recklessness in his bones. That’s not a mystery. It’s because if Sherlock dies, John will too. It’s not a question, it’s a simple corollary certainty. John has already (barely) lived through Sherlock’s death once. And that was before they were
“God, you’re so ready, aren’t you? You’re gagging for it, and we just got started. You’re going to have a long night, I’m afraid.” He pulls on himself harder, faster, using his pre-ejaculate as lubrication along his shaft. He starts to thrust into his fist and reaches down to brace himself, grasping Sherlock’s calf with his free hand.
“No,” John says forcefully. “No, Sherlock. We agreed, before, that what happens down here can’t be about… real life, our life outside this room. I don’t get to punish you here for pissing me off up there.” John bends down to press his mouth into the side of Sherlock’s head. “I’m so sorry. It wasn’t my intention, it really wasn’t, but I can’t promise it didn’t seep in to what I was doing to you. I let go, in that moment, and I shouldn’t have.”
John looked up to meet his eyes, then grinned, maybe a little bit evilly, even as he took Sherlock in his mouth, and out of his head, once again.
It was all over in a second, but in that second Sherlock’s brow furrowed, and his limbs twitched the tiniest bit in their post-fucking languidness, and his head made a motion to burrow into the pillow but didn’t actually. Of all this John registered only the twitching but assigned it no significance, and his eyes closed as he continued breathing in the skin of Sherlock’s abdomen.
Sherlock immediately gasps and thrusts up into John’s mouth, but John moves up with him, and pulls off to allow himself a brief smile. “Easy,” he murmurs, bringing a hand up to hold the base as he licks up to the head, lapping at the pre-come he finds there before closing his mouth around the tip once more. He moves down, then up again, flicking the underside with his tongue, and moaning a little, just to cause the vibration.
“All of it. The not sleeping or breathing or moving and how I’m causing adrenaline in the living room.” John takes one step into the room, and his voice drops. “I bet I could cause more.”
He straightens up and starts to shove against Daniel, withdrawing only slightly before thrusting in again. He feels Daniel try to push him back and then move forward, encouraging longer strokes, but John grips his hips and fucks him short and hard and fast.
“I do, and you won’t.” Sherlock reaches a hand to John’s head, cups his jaw, meets his gaze. “I’d never be down here with you if I thought you were capable of hurting me.”
Irene settles it into the base of Sherlock’s erection. He stands up on the balls of his feet, twisting and turning in vain to try to avoid the stimulation. She pulls it away until he seems to catch his breath, then presses it back into his abdomen and runs it along the length of his cock, then back down.
Sherlock pulls off, hollowing his cheeks and moaning like John is the most delicious thing he’s ever had in his mouth. He pumps him leisurely with his hand and mouth together a few times, then scoots forward a bit on his knees, lifting the angle of his head slightly. He reaches forward to grasp John’s hips. He slides about halfway down, inhales and exhales, then shoves quickly, with certain determination, lodging the head of John’s cock in his throat.
“Very nice,” Irene purrs, drawing the crop lightly over Sherlock’s torso, then over his back, as she continues to circle him. “Someone’s been feeding you. You’ve filled out a little since I saw you last. I like it. Stand up.”
One month and one day after the aquarium, he goes back into the city, walks down Baker Street, rings the bell at 221B.
Sherlock blinks as the possibilities ping around his brain at light speed. He has a theory, but will need more data.
“Listen. I’m not promising anything, okay? I heard everything you said. I know you won’t expect me to do anything I’m not comfortable with, and I accept that you are willing to give up this part of your life for me, for the sake of us. But pop culture nonsense aside, I don’t really know that much about it. I’m guessing what I’ve been doing has probably been very amateur. Let me see what’s really involved, what really happens to you. Let me try to understand it. I’ll tell you if I think I can’t do it.”
Sherlock’s arms are stretched over his head, angled out slightly from his body, and secured to the grid at his wrists, which are encased in thick fur-lined cuffs. His ankles are similarly cuffed, splayed out and attached to the grid, his legs separated just an inch or two beyond comfortable. The position places a constant strain on his thighs and hip flexors, and somewhat limits the range of motion of his lower torso.
“Let’s agree to twenty-four hours,” Sherlock says as he shrugs into a dressing gown, which he always does grudgingly. (He’d be just fine heading back upstairs starkers, but John insisted on not chancing a run-in with Mrs. Hudson. “Oh please, she’d
She smiles at him warmly even as she reaches for the eye mask on the table. His eyes still follow hers and he doesn't visibly react; it's almost as if it hasn't yet registered that he broke another rule. “You looked,” she almost croons, slipping the mask over his head and tightening it over his eye sockets. “That’s two.”
Sherlock throws his head back between his arms as his orgasm explodes through him. His hips pump forward in powerful thrusts, his cock spilling out onto the floor in front of him, and there’s a noise caught in the back of his throat as he stops breathing for a second. Eventually his head drops forward as he takes deep, gasping breaths around the gag, and Irene leaves the vibrator pressed into his lower belly for a few more seconds, then pulls it away and switches it off.
Sherlock solemnly hugs the unfinished sweater to his chest, then leans into John a little. “Except… now that I’ve ruined the surprise… will you come work on it downstairs?” He turns his mouth up to John’s cheek, nuzzling a kiss along his jaw. “I miss you when you’re up here,” he whispers.
She moves the vibrator back over his hip, up and down one cheek of his arse, then the other, avoiding the butt plug this time. As she circles him and pulls the vibrator over the other hip, she lands the crop across his backside, causing another grunt and another thrust.
She moves the vibrator across his chest, the skin still reddened and sensitive, until she reaches the other nipple and presses the vibrator into it. His groan is louder now, and starting to contain a whine.
“Of some youth football team, from the 80’s, judging by the hairstyles, and the length of the shorts. See, the uniforms back then…”
John sighed and stood up. He realized he was probably going to be sleeping upstairs for longer than just tonight, so he went into the bathroom to collect his toothbrush. Just as he was exiting the kitchen door to the hallway, Sherlock spoke.
“Not once,” Irene confirms. “Safewords are necessary tools, and I want my clients to acknowledge their own limits. But the more I worked with him, the more I realized his tolerance is just absurdly high.”
“No. Keep looking at me,” John said, so quietly. “You are beautiful, Sherlock, like it or not, and I’m going to keep telling you that until you believe me.” He leaned down and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s mouth.
John smiles against his ear and drops his voice to a whisper. “That’s it, love, just like that.” Sherlock’s head lolls forward as John gently strokes him through the aftermath, his mouth against Sherlock’s temple. “Beautiful, just beautiful.”
Daniel groans. “That’s fine,” he mutters, his elbows braced against the wall. “Just… God, John, just
He needs to confirm it. To open his eyes and see no one. Prove to himself that this sudden sensation is as psychosomatic as his limp. Wishful thinking made manifest on some cellular level.
While John is pulling the cuff open, Sherlock suddenly wrenches free. He sits up and begins to shove John off of him.
“Oh, sorry, love, I didn’t see you…” she says automatically, thinking for a moment she has bumped into Sherlock, but when she looks up at the tall man with dark hair and light eyes, it is definitely not Sherlock.
Sherlock was always the one to ask for the lights off. Sometimes he told John what he wanted that night, but he would also, occasionally, ask John to decide. John would determine when the lights went off, starting the scene, and either one could call the lights on when it was over. Sherlock didn’t want the ability to end it, but John was not comfortable being the only one with that power.
John leans over Sherlock’s middle and gazes down at him. “Okay?” he asks simply. He wants to give Sherlock a chance to stop him if he isn’t ready, but Sherlock exhales his assent, his eyes closing as he lets his head drop back to the floor. John mouths at a hipbone. “Don’t think, love. Don’t think about anything, just feel me.”
Sherlock’s eyes are wet. They squeeze shut for a second, then slowly squint open. He blinks, opens them a little bit further, then closes them again and leans forward to rest the side of his head on John’s thigh. In slow, deliberate movements, he twists his body to tuck his hip and shoulder against the floor, then pulls his arms into his chest, and coughs, and works his jaw, and shudders.
After a long moment, they separate, but John’s hand is still on his neck, and he presses their foreheads together.
“Yes, it is.” Sherlock’s fingers form silent notes across the strings of the instrument, his head leaning back in the chair, his eyes on the ceiling.
A minute later Sherlock does pull off. As one hand continues to pump him, John feels Sherlock’s long fingers trace a path lightly over his balls, then further back, and he pulls up his knees shamelessly.
John lifts the bow and pulls it to the right, across each string in turn until he runs out of horsehair, then moves it back across, and does it again. “Hey!” he smiles dumbly, looking inordinately proud of himself. “I played something!” He saws the bow over the strings a few more times.
He does that again, and maybe once more, or twice. He sees tears leaking out from under the eyemask, a result of the gag reflex, and is almost surprised at himself that he doesn’t care. As he feels Sherlock’s throat contract uncontrollably around the head of his cock, as he listens to the wet, guttural, obscene noises he’s causing, he realizes how rarely he uses Sherlock like this. Really just fucking
John breathed in and continued. “I wish I could tell you that I knew why it happened, but I don’t, I honestly don’t. There’s absolutely no reason. All I can tell you is that I never intended to get that pissed or stay out all night and not tell you. It was a long day yesterday, I didn’t have time for lunch, so things got very fuzzy very quickly once the beer started flowing, and I knew I had left my phone at the office and I kept intending to go back and get it, but I just didn’t, and…”
In the back seat, Sherlock sat, no longer thinking about the upcoming consult (he had no data to go on yet, anyhow) but trying to discover why John Watson was so fascinating when he was so
“Well.  Um.  Goodnight, then,” said John, wondering what to do with himself.  He stood for a moment, caught between staying and leaving, before crossing over to Sherlock and kissing him gently on the top of the head.  Sherlock made a noise, a surprised yet satisfied sound, before opening his eyes and tilting his face up and offering his lips for a brief kiss.
John watched as a tic appeared on Sherlock’s face, the muscle jumping in his cheek and an eyebrow quirking just so, indications that the wheels of his genius brain were rotating along some new path.  John liked that look, but also knew it would likely get them into all sorts of trouble down the road.  He’d ask him about it later.
“It’s supposed to be symbolic.  This whole ‘honeymoon suite’ business.  A couple enters into a new relationship and then consummates it behind closed doors.”
John lay on the bed, flipping through the beautifully-bound book that detailed the history of the estate, the grounds, and the spa.  After booking a dinner reservation for six o’clock, he’d opened the windows and a breeze filled the spacious room with a subtle spring sweetness.  It would be perfectly idyllic if Sherlock’s angry voice wasn’t coming through the wooden door that separated the bathroom (which was larger than John’s room at Baker Street) from the suite proper.
“She had all the neighbours and the police out looking for me, Sherlock.  The poor woman was terrified.  She thought I’d been kidnapped.”
The robin came and pecked at the earth that John had turned up, obviously having found something juicy, which it snapped up before landing on the birdbath again.
“Don’t care,” Sherlock said back, nipping in for another kiss that would have continued had Sherlock’s mobile not buzzed from where it sat next to his rapidly cooling tea.
Thanks to the usual suspects, BettySwallocks and Canolacrush.   And thanks to everyone who has left awesome comments and encouragements.
He was midway through the main walled garden when the robin flew by again, nearly in front of him.  And he’d be damned if the bird didn’t land on the window ledge of Sherlock’s room.  It hopped, looking down at him, as John stared up.  “What do
“I knew you from the day I met you.  Now I know you have fewer nightmares, that your leg no longer troubles you except when you’re overly tired; I know you like blackberry jam best, but not the kind with the seeds; I know you choose to read mystery novels when I’m not around because you fear I will tease you.”
“She was an excellent frog-catcher,” Sherlock said with a wry smile, putting on his helmet.  He swung one of his long legs over the bike.  “Ready?”
John couldn’t help but grin.  He kept eating albeit very slowly.  He’d take a bite, chew, swallow, look around a bit, fiddle with his phone.  Time ticked on.  He should have brought up the paper.
“Shhh,” said Sherlock, finding John’s hand and placing it over his own crotch. “It’s very OK.  More than OK.  Brilliant.”
taking a shower and getting dressed, John would insist, sometimes bodily dragging Sherlock off the couch and pushing him into the bathroom) but once he was out he was fairly decent company, as far as a mercurial genius man-child could be.  He enjoyed walks around the city and trips to shops where he could find old books.  There was a tobacco shop that, if Sherlock had behaved particularly well, John would let him visit and
Sherlock made a scoffing sound.  “Your body is secondary, John.  While I fully enjoy every inch of it, I loved you long before I dared touch it.”
“I’ve never been here this late into the autumn,” Sherlock mused.  “We always left in August.  I’d open this window at night and the herbs in particular became fragrant as they cooled in the evening air.  Lavender, too; there’s some directly below the window.  Mummy sometimes dried it.  You could smell our garden from her room--the roses, in particular.  Sometimes, when I was very little, I’d go into their room at night.  When it was windy -- the wind howled, you’ve heard it -- I’d lie between them in the bed.  That’s not the garden, though, what you smell.  It’s heather.”
She tips her head to the side, and John marvels at genetics: Mary had done that all the time.  “I guess that depends on whether you consider yourself married,” she says before sitting at the table across from him.
“Well, I’m off,” says Nina, picking up her backpack and slinging it over her shoulder.  “I’ll see you on Sunday.”
Oh, well, that was intriguing.  Sherlock relaxes.  It’s fine.  The world’s only consulting detective was not going to be deterred by something as insignificant as a poppy seed.  Wasn’t he otherwise handsomely attired, properly coiffed, and perfectly groomed?  Surely this overall attractiveness would not be disproportionately affected by one tiny wayward seed.
Sherlock shrugged.  “Morality isn’t really my area.  But it’s yours, isn’t it?  Helping people?  Invading Afghanistan?”
John’s feet must have made his decision for him, for he quickly slipped through the door and closed it behind him, hoping he hadn’t been seen, before clambering over the fallen stones after Sherlock, who had disappeared into what remained of the building.
They washed slowly in the shower, taking turns standing under the hot spray, soaping each other’s backs, and gently washing sensitive genitals.  By the time they were clean, dried, and in their pyjamas, it had gone midnight.
he felt shame at a drugs raid but not by a candle placed on a table between them: he had been smitten from the very start.
“Is it so different?” Sherlock asked, moving his right hand up so he could undo John’s trousers.  “With a man?”
“Will be,” said John.  He felt the familiar flood of endorphins, the “doctor’s high” of saving a life.  And damn did it feel good.  “She’s a lucky lady.”
“Lydia Baron,” said Mr. Chapman, pointing to the name.  “Now she was the librarian.  She’s long passed away, though.  Cancer.  Her daughter lives in Manchester.  Now who’d she marry?”
He was shown to a relatively private and quiet table near the windows that overlooked the gardens; the sky had grown overcast.  John studied the decor - dark, oak-panelled walls, Victorian oil paintings, heavy gilt mirrors, wall sconces with lit candles- and tried to imagine a time when this was the formal dining room of only one family and its honoured guests.  The room had been converted into a dining area that housed no more than thirty tables, so the atmosphere remained intimate.
“Sure,” said John, “see you then.”  He made a hasty retreat as Sherlock reached for his belt-buckle.
When the kiss ended, John was sure there were tears in those mercurial eyes.  Amazing.  For so long John thought his flatmate incapable of any empathy or altruism at all.  Now he knew otherwise.  Sherlock
manifested themselves in hours of endless composing, brooding on the sofa with his eyebrows drawn together, staring out the window, and carressing a phone.  The only tears he shed for the Woman are the ones that welled up into his eyes on command as he stared into her security camera.  They were the real deal, too, John thought as he watched Sherlock put on a performance to make Laurence Olivier jealous.  Tear ducts fully functional, then.
Maybe he just needed to move it a bit, try a gentle thrusting.  That was worse.  The stretch was too much, it was so uncomfortable -- he’d reached down, pulled it out, and lobbed it across the room.  It had hit the wall with a rubbery thump.
How long they spent like that --  pressed together in the warm water, lips capturing and recapturing one another, tongues tasting, exploring, tangling, an intimate dance, breaking apart for air only to come back together again -- John would never know.  It could have been five minutes or an hour, but when it ended, their breath ragged and their hands roaming over backs and collarbones and biceps, John leaned his forehead against Sherlock’s and laughed gently.  His lips were swollen and his balls ached, and he had never been happier.
Lestrade nodded.  “Been hoping to get back into it myself.  Not that I don’t like this place, but it’s not my life’s work, you know.  Everything’s been squared away, and I have a few connections in the Met.  Thinking of relocating to London myself, actually.”
Sherlock’s face changed; he literally looked like he’d been slapped, mouth open, eyebrows quirked up.  “John!” he exclaimed, “that’s it!”
They stayed on the floor for a few minutes, the man under him squirming once and awhile before simply giving up and lying there, limp.
Joyce came in with an armful of clean napkins and dumped them on the table.  “There.  Two loads for all that.  I can’t believe Sherlock Holmes was here the entire time.  I’ve heard he’s nothing like Mr. Holmes.  His brother, that is. The one with a stick up his arse. Holmes Junior is said to be brilliant too, but rude and nosy with it.  His friend, though, Dr. Watson?  Now he’s right nice.  I’ve read his thing on the internet. ”
John sighed.  No.  No, it wasn’t.  He wanted to touch Sherlock; smooth his fingertips over Sherlock’s eyebrows, push his hair back from his temple, kiss the warm skin there.  Rub his back, trace the scars, press his lips to the freckles.  Give him solace.  Give him pleasure.  He wanted to feel the hairs on his legs and under his arms.  He wanted to rub the tip of his nose over Sherlock’s nipples and then gently nip at them with his teeth.  And most of all, he simply wanted to gather the man close, pull him in tight, and love him, love him, love him.
“These techniques are used more for comfort and relaxation,” explained James as he took the bottle from its location in the heater.  “We do a lot of these for couples, and even teach a class once a month.  Very popular.”  John heard, rather than saw, him pour the liquid and rub it between his palms.  He tried to picture Sherlock and himself at a couples’ retreat, Sherlock’s slender feet between his hands.  All he could imagine was Sherlock complaining about John ‘doing it wrong.’  Thinking about Sherlock doing it to him was probably not a good idea at the moment.
John didn’t know what to say.  That was a hell of a confession.  He hadn’t said anything half that  revealing to Ella.
“It doesn’t,” said one of the event coordinators, looking rather worried.  “It’s corn starch.  It’s made in the United States.  And we fill the extinguishers ourselves at headquarters.  It’s very precise and monitored.”
John began perfunctorily stripping before he thought too hard about it.  Sherlock swallowed audibly and turned around.  “Would you like me to step out while you undress?” he asked quietly.
John told himself as he chewed.  John didn’t date men.  And even if he did, he certainly didn’t date men with dubious moral standards, little empathy, and acidic wit, no matter how smart they were.
“Of course you’re staying, dear,” she tutted.  “Otherwise you wouldn’t have come all this way now, would you?  Trust me, you wouldn’t have been invited if you weren’t suitable.  Your room is on the ground floor. This is the main hall, and then there’s the east and west wings.  The east wing is a bit of a mess right now, but the west wing is just lovely.  Mr. Holmes thought you’d prefer the rose, but I knew you’d like the carnation.  Rooms, that is, dear.  It’s how I keep track of all of them, otherwise I’d get myself lost.  Follow me.”
Sherlock smirked as they stood up.  “There’s a good man,” he said, sliding past John and into the already crowded aisle.  “Catch up with you soon.”
Sherlock shrugged as he rolled over to his side and pulled John behind him.  John found it odd to be spooning someone so much taller than he was, his cheek nestled in to Sherlock’s back.
“Wait,” said Sherlock, handing over another few papers.  “Here’s a life insurance application.  And a personnel file from his employment as a traffic warden in Leeds, 1974-1986.  Check through these.”
: “penetrating eyes” came from the pages of his novel; “deeply penetrating” from the muscle-pain relief cream on the telly; there was an article about “ground-penetrating radar” in a magazine, and a write-up of pesticide “penetrating the water supply” in the
“But...why?  Why on earth would he have shaken the ladder?  It sounds like everyone respected your father.  Was it just an accident?  Why wouldn’t he have called for an ambulance?”
Sherlock gave a closed-lip smile in affirmation.  “We’re going to Willow Cross,” he offered, pocketing his phone and settling back in his seat.
“Well, of course he did.  That cheap concoction you were using left a silicone coating all over your hair, making it dull and heavy.  My shampoo removed the residue.”
John heard Molly begin telling Sherlock the details of the deceased, whom, from where John was standing, looked fairly young and in good health.
John snorted.  Sally Donovan sometimes made him want to throw bricks in her general direction.  He did
“I didn’t see any like that in the secret garden,” said John as they eventually entered the large walled garden that ran alongside of the house.
Sherlock did, propping himself up at the head of the bed with pillows before throwing an arm over his eyes and breathing through his mouth, his own member dark and swollen against the pale skin of his stomach.  John sat between his legs, re-oiled his hands, took one of those long, slender feet between them, and tried his best to do what James’ magic fingers had done earlier.
John’s first attempts are hilarious.  Instead of producing the sonorous, mellow notes that Sherlock does, John makes the instrument sound like a Viking blow horn.  He tries “Mary Had a Little Lamb” just by using his lips: it’s not even close.  Whereas Sherlock can vary the volume of his playing, John has one setting: deafening.
“All kind words, I suppose,” ventured Sherlock, going back to his dinner.  At this rate, John thought, he may actually finish it.
I knew little about oysters.  I knew it was a bivalve, a filter feeder, could produce pearls (valuable).  I knew its little slimy body fed on plankton, and I knew about plankton because I had read about the mighty humpback whale in one of my father’s National Geographic magazines.  I remember thinking that Mycroft could eat a whale, but he could never gulp down an oyster with the grace of the woman in the black dress.
“Mmm,” John agreed, shifting his own hips up.  “So, if you do something I don’t like, I’ll tell you, and vice versa.”
“To be honest, Mycroft said very little.  Apparently there’s something dodgy going on in the spa.”  Sherlock waggled his eyebrows, and they looked at each other before breaking up into laughter.
“Hello, Sherlock?” he said loudly when his own voicemail answered.  Maybe Sherlock was close enough to hear him.  “I got a puncture on the way to the shops.  Are you busy?  Can you pick me up?”  Pause. “You can?  Thanks!  Bye!”
you.  I want you inside of my body; I want to know that my very cellular respiration is being fuelled by you, by cells from your body; I want to
They stood in the doorway for a moment, John trying to get a grip, trying to find the usual balance he had with Sherlock, the brotherly camaraderie, the familiar presence.  His heart searched, hoping that what they had wasn’t irrevocably lost.
And then there were the things that John didn’t know what to do with, but thought might amuse Sherlock when he needed distraction.  A small, disintegrating stuffed owl.  An old tin of mints containing a mummified mouse (Mrs. Hudson claimed she had no idea).  Miniature bottles of Scotch, Tia Maria and Creme de Menthe, date unknown.  A man’s black leather jacket.  A telephone directory so old that Scotland Yard’s number was WHI 1212.
“Therein lies the challenge.  To be honest, simply knowing would be better than nothing.  Keep doing that thing.  With your fingers.”
In the morning, John shaved carefully.  He dressed warmly. He cleaned his weapon.  He squared his shoulders and remembered who he was: John Hamish Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, army doctor, trauma surgeon, and one hell of a good shot.
it.  Which was fine for Sherlock, who willingly wriggled his arse in the air and begged --or sometimes demanded-- John fill him full, a task John performed with love, reverence, and often a bit of wickedness.  He too loved that moment when he guided himself to Sherlock’s arsehole, teased him with the glans a bit, then sunk in, very, very slowly, so they could both savour the exact...moment...of... penetration.
“The larger stones here are decorative landscaping cobbles,” he said.  “And these bits of gravel, too.  The pebbles...those are probably just from around the pond.”
The way she says it is so Mary that John can’t help but hiccup a laugh.  “She had a thing for filming stuff.”
“What will we do when we find the guy, Sherlock?  All the evidence would be circumstantial at best.”
“Come, John!” said Sherlock, bounding into the kitchen and thrusting John’s jacket at him.  “There’s been a murder!  GARGOYLES!”
She smiles wryly and half rolls her eyes.  She opens her mouth to speak, but then closes it, abandoning the thought.  “Never mind.  It’s fine.  Whatever floats your boat.”
Well, there wasn’t much to say to that, now, was there.  John was actually relieved at the sound of a text alert.  He pulled the phone from his pocket.
“Ha.  No.  Not at all, really.  But Harry did use it once.  I remember.  She had this friend, Nadia.  Harry’s first crush.  Sadly for Harry, Nadia was straight.  But Nadia gave Harry this flower, I forgot what it was, something after a show Harry had done...she liked to act… and Harry had put it in that flower press.  Then she framed it and kept it by her bed for ages.  Maybe,” mused John, “the person who took your dad’s buttonhole did the same thing.  Preserved it, somehow.”
I think of that mouth now, its taste and texture, and imagine it on other parts of my body: ghosting over the expanse of my chest, my abdomen, penis and testes.  The way he will use it to gasp “fuck” and “Jesus” and “Sherlock.”
John laughs with relief.  He turns his attention to the tuba, which is lying on the coffee table.  He rolls up his sleeve and inserts his arm into the bell, feels around a bit.  Sherlock glowers, simmering with loathing, as John calmly walks into the kitchen, procures a fork, and prepares for minor surgery.  A moment later, he retracts a browning apple.  “There,” says John, “all better.”
“Obviously, John.  He’s in the mortuary,” said Sherlock, already roving over the body with the magnifier.
“Was.  Lots of things.  Quite a lot of cocaine.  Bit of heroin -- helps with the comedowns, but the withdrawal is nasty.  Some tramadol.  Valium.  But my ever-so-gallant white knight of a brother decided to butt his fat head into my business and kidnap me to detox.  Seems I gave the rehab centre a bit of a tough go the last time and they didn’t want me back.  Dreadful places, rehab centres.”   John watched as the other man’s eyes -- as bloodshot and red-rimmed as they were-- looked him over. “But you know about those, don’t you? So.  Was it Afghanistan or Iraq?” he said after a moment.
James began working along the outside of John’s heel, and while John didn’t feel anything as significant as he did with the shoulder (the limp was
“I’m sure Homicide and Serious Crime Command at the Met has plenty of cold cases they’d be willing to let me work on.  So often the evidence is all there, it just takes a superior brain to put it all together.”
Mycroft looked down his nose at the proffered shovel before walking over to the corner where the plum tree once stood.  “Forget-me-nots,” he said.  “Appropriate.”  He took a deep breath, and for a moment John could see emotion on Mycroft’s face, relief, maybe even contentedness.  He turned, and oddly, stuck out his hand.  John shook it.  “Thank you,” he said.  “For this.  Our father would have been very proud of both of you.  As am I.”
Sally reached down and pulled a book from her bag.  “This is my sister’s most prized possession,” she said, putting it on the table and touching its blue cover with her fingers.  “Please don’t ruin it.”
He changed in a newly renovated cubicle and dived in, swimming lengths until he felt his shoulder loosen.  Then he floated on his back and spent some time enjoying the feeling of weightlessness before he realised he was hungry.  He climbed out, towelled off.  He’d need another shower to wash off the chlorine, but he didn’t feel like getting dressed again.  Mrs. Hudson was out with friends anyway, so he figured it was safe to saunter back to his room in just his swimwear.
Well, my brain isn’t entirely broken, I think, as I step into the bathroom, barefoot.  A cursory glance around the room tells me John has showered at a less than comfortable temperature (glass clear of mist, tiles cool against my feet, distinct lack of humidity).  I lick my lips, taste salt and remember John, the feel of his mouth on mine.  I have always found hope to be a foolish emotion, but in those moments, my heart and body naked there before him, hope was all I had.  And joy!  So much joy.  Fierce, piercing joy.  It all but paralyses me.
Sherlock’s prick was nestled right above his arse, and John could feel Sherlock’s large hands were roaming down his sides and over his hipbones, getting closer and closer to where he wanted them the most (had they really spent all that time without actually touching the goods with their hands?) and he was almost ready to turn his brain back off when something caught his attention -- a faint light flicking on at the opposite end of the pool area, where the reception area and offices were.
Sighing, John stood, cracked his back, and went into the kitchen under the pretense of making tea.  He turned the kettle on, settled a teabag in the bottom of his mug, and sat on the worktop.  “May I ask what you’re looking at?”
He checked to make sure Lestrade or Molly wasn’t around before spending a good half hour studying the back wall of the enclosed garden.  The entire thing was covered in ivy, and by the time he was finished wrestling with it he wanted to set it all on fire.  It was just too thick and had anchored itself into the crumbling brick.  He was sure the door wasn’t there.  Frustrated but undeterred, he walked, cane in hand, around the side.  Looking up, he scanned the windows.  There was the middle one, the room where Sherlock was.  And the last one, the one that had been Mycroft and Sherlock’s parents’.  Then, it hit him.  The Holmes’ room overlooked the locked garden.  All he’d have to do is go back and look down.  Surely he could see the door that way.
Joyce popped her head into the staffroom as Sam stuffed the sheet into a bin bag.  “This one’s got chocolate.  And strawberry juice…. and perhaps (sniff)... champagne.”  She disappeared back into the laundry room.
hear something -- a muffled shout, and then maybe a retching, followed by what sounded like breaking china.  Every hair on his body stood on end.  For a moment, he considered going down to the study to grab the shotgun, but thought better of it.  Keeping close to the wall, he moved slowly down the main hallway toward the east; each room was empty, and everything was still.
John twisted his head around to meet Sherlock for a messy kiss before grinding back against Sherlock once more, feeling his pleasure crest.  The coil of tension in his groin released, his full testicles spurting forth into their joined hands, his legs shaking, arse clenching.
“She died when I was quite young.  Cancer,” said Owens.  He took another sip of his beer.  John didn’t think he was enjoying it all that much.  “But she did.”
Sherlock leaned in then, and kissed him again, a hard, passionate kiss that should have, in John’s opinion, lasted quite a bit longer.  He longed to press his body up against Sherlock’s, walk him right back into an ivy-covered wall and bring them together, chest to chest, belly to belly, cock to cock.
“Indeed,” Sherlock acceded.  “Sex and crime are frequently related.  I have studied, intensely.  Pornography is so dreadfully boring and sex crimes are frankly disturbing.  What’s in my mind is not pleasant or personal.  We must rectify that.”
“The house is relatively uninteresting, unless you like looking at room after room of old furniture.  The Japanese Garden is rather beautiful.”
He was examining the back of the wall when he heard a door shut to his right, from the patio area.  Then, a man wearing a thick woollen cap turned the corner, a big yellow labrador trotting along at his heels.
“John,” said Sherlock as they lay together on Sherlock’s bed, exhausted and blissed out, John having surrendered himself to his lover’s desires; Sherlock had been gentle and surprisingly patient.  John was a bit sore and felt like he’d been buggered seven ways from Sunday (well, more like three), but he was completely sated and utterly happy.
“I’m going to be at the surgery until five, and then we’ll find you a nice, juicy case, all right?  We’ll go and harass Lestrade and you can contaminate some of Anderson’s samples or something.  But today, Sherlock, today was just weird.  No more.”
“I had nothing to do with it!  I mean, I helped manage our club.  Trendy place in Miami.  Anyway, there was this business with a high-profile murder case and it was all over the news.  I had no idea Frank was involved, honest.  He’d done a rather fine job covering everything up but it made the tabloids back home and one day I opened our door to a good-looking young man who gave me an earful.  He’d come all the way from London, bless his heart.  He was still a student then.”
Owens shrugged.  “Plenty, really.  Got my chickens, and the garden.  Lots of us kids around when I was young.”  He thought some more, at least attempting to make conversation.  “I go shooting sometimes,” he added.  “At the gun club.”
Remembering what Sherlock had said about his sensitivity, he kept the pressure easy and gentle, hands sweeping over warm skin.  The oil glistened in the firelight and its subtle scent blended with Sherlock’s own.  John tried to tell himself that it was just a massage, but that was so far from the truth.  This was foreplay, and he wanted to make up for his earlier desperation.  Sherlock had taken him apart with a few kisses and John had willingly surrendered.  Now it was his turn, and he aimed to please.
like the way she sneered at Sherlock.  John granted that she was clever in her own right, but that did not give her the prerogative to belittle the man who’d done so much to help.  Sherlock claimed it didn’t bother him, and maybe it didn’t.  But John couldn’t simply be OK with someone who was constantly vituperative.
John managed to “what if” for forty minutes straight, and by the time they were pulling into King’s Cross station he was so aroused -- and worried -- that he nearly forgot to wake up the subject of his fantasies.  He took several deep breaths and shifted in his seat, trying to make his erection less...erect… before gently tapping Sherlock’s shoulder.
.  I didn’t have the opportunity, and by the time I did, it had rained and the entire garden had been tidied and locked away.”
She blushed, picked up a pitchfork, and waved it in a bit of a salute. A piece of straw fell in her hair.
John followed Sherlock, who had picked up speed, into the woods.  Pine needles crunched under his feet as the green canopy above him grew thicker.  They climbed a small hill and rounded a corner and sure enough, there were Sherlock’s ruins.
Sherlock now sported several red bald patches - one on his calf, his upper thigh, his forearm, his belly, his chest, and his foot.  None of these locations had been profusely hairy.  Sherlock had, from what John could tell, just an average amount on his legs and under his arms, and what he had was fairly fine.  He refused to think about what was under those black pants.
It’s at this moment, as John catalogues Sherlock’s unkempt state, that John realizes that there is something in Sherlock’s hair.  He reaches out and tugs.  “Hold still,” he mutters, and attempts to extract the offending thing.  His clumsy fingers eventually pick out a lolly stick.  John holds it up and Sherlock takes it, attempting to analyse it and failing horribly.  All that’s left is a sticky green residue that has collected several strands of Sherlock’s hair.
John closed his eyes and relaxed, smiling to himself.  Sherlock loved to see his lover like this, relaxed, happy, the worry lines on his forehead and between his brows relaxed, his pulse racing in his throat, his cock stiff and proud.  Without his tucked-in shirts and frumpy cardigans, John looked younger.  Sherlock absolutely adored him.
“Was Mr. Holmes involved in the community in other ways?” John asked, trying to steer the conversation back to Mr. Holmes’ life before Sherlock entered it.  John knew it had to hurt, unearthing all the old memories Sherlock had probably worked so hard on burying.
“OK.”  Sherlock was certainly okay with touching someone else, thought John, for all the times he’d been physically moved by him -
In a dark room in a London flat, John Watson, doctor, soldier, and lover, vowed to love Sherlock Holmes the best he could, for as long as he could.
“The first night I met you, you told me to fuck off,” said John, leaning against the doorframe.  “You had a fucking tapestry over your door.  You’d been screaming your head off.  Heard you all the way downstairs, you know.”
John’s eyes flew open.  Fantasy Sherlock evaporated.  He didn’t know what he was expecting, fireworks, maybe, or angel choirs.  Instead he got a distinctly uncomfortable sensation, intense and...weird.
John turned to let Sherlock spoon up behind him.  They lay quietly for several moments.  “Would it be…”  Sherlock paused.  “Would it be too much if I asked you to take off your clothes?  I’m feeling… I’m not really....I just would like…”  he trailed off and breathed out sharply through his nose.
“Oh, please, call me Phillip. No! I never go in there. It’s all a bit....well, I don’t really like all that touching stuff and sitting about in towels.  For you younger men, yes.  But by Jove, Lillian knows what she’s doing.  Not long after she arrived Sing Sing got spooked by a rabbit and I went arse over tit into a ditch. Flat on my back for two weeks, then along comes Lillian and her Chinese magic and it’s all better. She has a healing touch.”
What if Sherlock tired of him?  He could hear that, too: “John, you have been an interesting and sometimes entertaining experiment, but I now find this whole business of caring for another human being tedious; furthermore, sex is boring and messy, and I’m afraid I’ll have to delete this aspect of our relationship.  We will, of course, continue our friendship as it had been before.”
“I’m trying to determine the method of hair removal, John.  A recent waxing would leave traces on his skin, so it’s not that, maybe some kind of chemical depilatory... ” -- he paused to sniff dramatically – “Skin smells very faintly of lemon.”
To be honest, it was wiser for him to readjust to co-sleeping slowly.  After his divorce John had once again struggled with waking up violently, his body surging with adrenaline, heart pounding in his chest.  Moving from his upstairs room to Sherlock’s didn’t quite cure the problem: sometimes he woke up not knowing where he was.  Sherlock suggested John not keep his pistol in the bedside drawer.  While initially offended, John realised it was sound advice.
“Ooh, that’s a hard bargain, Doctor.  I’ll tell you what: buy one of those jars of Samuel’s honey, too, and I’ll let you have it...and the periodic table...for ₤235.”
John nodded and felt a pang of nostalgia for his university days, when he learned the mysteries of the human body, its physiology, anatomy, and biochemistry.  He was so young and eager, so desperate to get away from his family and make something of himself.
John spent the rest of the day inside, reading and halfheartedly watching his phone, hoping for a call from the clinic in Leeds.  He made himself a sandwich for dinner and later played snooker with Lestrade, who beat him soundly.
I spin out the fantasy in my mind of what would have happened had we not been interrupted (don’t think about what will happen yet - let it happen naturally, with no preconceived notions):
“Nothing about my life seems worthy of casual discussion to me, but if there is anything you desire to know, all you have to do is ask.  The most I could do is decline to answer.”
“That’s it,” John murmured, encouraging.  “Yeah.  That’s it.  Love to touch you here.  Fuck your arse with my finger.”
I know John thinks about women’s hair.  And their lack of hair.  I’ve observed him, watched him watching them.  He appreciates their smooth, hairless faces, their soft curves, the way their hair catches light and swings in ponytails.  If I had found my courage earlier, if I had closed the spaces between our bodies, would he have balked?  Would he have tried, valiantly, to appreciate my male body? Would he have soldiered through a kiss and a grope only to rub a gentle finger into my armpit, my facial stubble, the sparse hairs of my abdomen, before sighing, sadly, and say, “I’m so sorry, Sherlock, but this just isn’t going to work.”
AGain, thanks to all the lovely readers who leave me the most awesome comments.  YOu guys are awesome.  My work schedule clears after next week.  Chapter 13 is in the process of being written, but it's long and complex so it may be up to 2 weeks before I can get that one out.  I like to be 2-4 chapters ahead, and right now I'm only 1, so I'll have to play some catch up!  Thanks again for all the lovely encouragement and notes.
Mycroft stood, ever polite, and smiled.  John decided long ago that the Holmes brothers’ smiles were one of three types: genuine, false...or wicked.  This one was actually genuine.  Mycroft, as far as John could tell,
The donation pile was the largest by far.  Most of it was clothing, still in good condition but out of fashion (Mrs. Hudson was a classy dresser, after all), along with linens; decorative porcelain animals that someone, somewhere might love; a stack of bodice-ripper novels; a Victorian lampshade; a crochet toilet-roll holder, and some unwanted hats and gloves.
He delivered the line so deadpan that John choked on his own saliva before laughing.  “Did you just make a sex joke?” he stammered.
Sherlock smiles, a wicked thing.  “Perhaps not.  But Mycroft hated it.  I found it the perfect antithesis to his chosen instrument.”
He had, however, made a list of names of the village's residents at the time of his father’s death.  Several names were crossed off (deceased) but none of them stood out as persons of interest.
Sherlock glared at John for a moment before shouldering a very large, heavy carrier containing all manner of bottles - £ 175 worth, to be exact.
“Really?” said John.  “I love it.  I haven’t done it in a while, but there’s nothing like target shooting, really.  I learned in the army,” he added, as a conversational gambit.
“No, I’m not…”  John blows out a breath.  This is new.  “It’s just that you’re very possessive of it; I wouldn’t want to damage it.  God only knows how much it costs.”
going on in Sherlock’s amazing brain, he usually kept it to himself, except on very rare instances when a case was particularly gruesome - or if he couldn’t solve it.
“Sally,” he said as he caught his breath.  “Meet Mr. Chris Hanson, who missed out on the Deputy Headship he thought he deserved and that was instead given to Barbara Ewing.  I think if you question him farther you’ll find he had a brief liaison with Ms. Ewing and knew about her allergy.  I suspect he has an accomplice as well, someone on the event staff, who held a homemade extinguisher for him at the finish line. I’m sure if you test his clothing, you’ll find evidence of the tainted powder.  Mr. Hanson,” finished Sherlock, climbing off him so Donovan could arrest him, “you should have chosen the colour green.  It would have been more appropriate.”
Sherlock held out an arm.  John held his wrist gently.  Pulse slightly elevated, nothing too alarming.  The man really did have gigantic hands.  “Look.  Why don’t you get cleaned up?  Get this,” he gestured to the bowl, “out of here, and try to have a cup of tea with lots of sugar.  Get your blood sugar back up a bit.  You have clean sheets in here somewhere?”
Sherlock was quiet for another moment, as if he were pressing some mental ‘save’ button, before inhaling deeply, opening his eyes, and reaching for his tea.  “Just after I masturbated in the shower.”
Sherlock had dug something out of his pocket and was fiddling with the padlock and chain that kept the chain-linked fence closed.  In the blink of an eye, he’d picked the lock.
John turned so he could see Sherlock’s face.  In the golden lamplight, he looked very serious, mouth turned down and eyebrows drawn together.  He held John’s gaze for a moment, before his lips curled into a sly smile.
“I’ll let you know if you can help out.”  Lestrade hefted a pair of sharp-looking pruning shears.  “Keep an eye out for robin redbreast.  Soon as you see him, there’ll be plenty of work to do.  I’m guessing two weeks, if the weather cooperates.  Hey, you got a job?”
“Oh,” John breathed, canting his hips up a bit as his lover took him as deep as he could.  John had had four orgasms in the past forty-eight hours, and it seemed that another one was evident, although it was building slowly.  He hadn’t felt this randy since his early twenties.  Logic told him that they (well, at least
Sherlock stood, held up his hand, commanding silence.  A muscle jumped in his jaw.  “You’ve been in the garden.  My
My own prick is aching, but I know how I want to come, and I want John to go first.  He is nearly there.  I can tell by his respirations, the way he makes little “uh” noises when I press into him.
baking or cooking or anything of the like - probably just doing some experiments and to ring back should anything sound particularly like explosions or cursing - either of which meant Bad Things were going in in 221b.
Sherlock’s head appeared above a stack of grey plastic packing tubs.  “Hmm?  No.  Maybe.  Just leave it.”
John smiled.  “Yes, well, then I suppose I can find a few appropriate modifiers for how I’m feeling. It’s easier for me to write it.”
“Good.”  Sherlock pressed forward, backing John into the pool tiles and bringing their bodies together.  “Let’s get out.”
“You don’t have to stay here,” said John, getting up.  It was getting late.  “You’re not a prisoner.  He can’t do that.”
John blushed.  Sherlock didn’t compliment people very often.  Not unless he meant it.  “What’s got into you?” he asked.
John thought for a long time, until a soft snore from the man half-lying on him drew him back to Baker Street.  Sherlock had actually fallen asleep.  His muscles occasionally twitched, involuntary little sleep movements, and the beginnings of an erection swelled against John’s thigh.  John found it both comforting and endearing.  His mind quieted and his thoughts retreated.
“I’d ask you where you learned how to do that,” said John, nodding in the abused chair’s direction.  “But I’m not sure I want to know.”
John is out there, waiting.  I think he loves me.  And soon, so very soon, he’ll show me just how much.  I hope we ruin that bed.
One night, before showering, he stared at himself in the mirror under the punishing glow of the fluorescent lights.  His tan was already fading, bags had appeared under his eyes.  He’d lost a stone and a half.   His right upper thigh bore an ugly six inch scar that ended in a strange-looking V.
Stunned at what might have been Harry’s first act of kindness toward him in years, he acquiesced and silently collected his few belongings and stuffed them into his army rucksack.  His small collection of cutlery and kitchen things he left, along with his bedding.  He loaded his bag into the boot of Harry’s battered Fiesta and endured Beth Ditto playing loudly enough that they didn’t have to talk.  When Harry finally pulled up to her flat, she switched off the ignition and sat there, tears in her eyes.
John’s eyes fluttered closed.  It was the second time he’d done this, but last time Sherlock had been on his back and so John had focused on his lover’s face to keep himself grounded.  Now, however, the view was, in John’s mind, significantly more pornographic: there, directly in front of him, was the obscene stretch of Sherlock’s anus around his cock, and it just might be the most bloody-fantastic-dirty-precious-wonderful-intimate-perfect-amazing thing John had ever witnessed, and if he opened his eyes right now he just might not make it past the first thrust.
John couldn’t imagine Sherlock giving up on anything.  He could picture him clearly, a curly-haired, determined little eight-year-old, crouched in front of the plant while his father weeded a neighbouring bed.
“...and I figured maybe...it would be more economical...sometime in the future...that is, if you wanted…”
In the morning before work, John ventured up to the east wing.  He’d grown tired of slipping behind the tarp, and with one swift yank, pulled half of it down.  The rest came away with a few more tugs and John wiped his hands on his trousers in satisfaction as he walked over it.
John removed his hand to unbutton another button, this one further up.  Free of restrictions, John explored Sherlock’s chest, the dichotomy of warm, smooth skin and soft, sparse hair.  Sherlock arched into the touch when John’s fingers found a nipple.
Sherlock shifted a bit, adjusted the pillow under his head and kicked off the sheet.  The curtains fluttered in the breeze.
Lestrade himself had a fine motorcycle, a vintage Triumph Thruxton.  The spare bike -- a Kawasaki -- wasn’t half as nice as Lestrade’s Triumph, but it would do quite well.  John found himself eager to ditch his cane and fly through the roads that wound through the moors.  To be physically free, to flirt with danger again, to fuel his adrenaline.  Was Mr. Holmes right?  Did he miss the war?  The action?  The grit, the smell of blood and smoke, the sun beating down on him, the endless stretches of nothing broken by intense fighting?  Fuck.  He didn’t know.  How was a summer in the middle of nowhere going to help him at all, if what he really needed was some action?  His shoulder was still so stiff -- how would he even dig a hole in the ground?
Harry actually laughed.  “Look, Johnny, you’re thinking about it too hard.  Just stop thinking about it.   Isn’t that what granddad always said?”
The second day of strange found John back at work, called in on his day off.  He got a call from Mrs. Hudson around the lunch hour, wondering if there was special occasion she ought to know about because Sherlock had gone out and come home with all sorts of “exotic green things” and she thought he might be making lime tarts.  John assured her he was
If the other VIP rooms were impressive, this one was jaw-dropping.  John wasn’t sure if he had left the spa for a moment and was magically transported to some exotic jungle retreat.  The room had been completely transformed from what had, at some point, been some kind of greenhouse.  The glass ceiling was still there, although it was mostly hidden by a vine that grew up and over and was covered with fairy lights, a few hanging lanterns and a riot of purple bougainvillea.  There was tropical greenery everywhere, especially around what seemed to be the bathing area, which was entirely paved with limestone.  There was a massage table at one end, and what looked like a small bed canopied with white gauze at the other.
