“I always meant to say,” Sherlock says again, but his voice sounds like it’s coming from a faulty speaker, interrupted by static. He has to say it.  If he doesn’t say it now--
John starts just a bit, blinking, turning his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes.  He clears his throat.  “Right.”  And then, “Ta.”  Through his nose, he inhales as he stands.  The side of his forearm brushes causally against Sherlock’s middle when he goes past him at the door, and John leads their way back to the kitchen, quiet in his socks.  Sherlock only takes one step at a time down—close enough to smell John’s soap and the warm scent of his skin and the wool from his jumper.  Sherlock wants to bathe in it.
John’s pulse jumps against his tongue, matching the heartbeat in his own ears, the thrumming in his fingertips.  The vibrations of John’s groan reverberate along Sherlock’s lips, zinging their way down to his chest, to his gut, to his
They sway, easy and slow, their feet barely leaving the ground. It’s a quarter-step up and back down, moving while standing still. John’s hands move, fingers skimming the pulse at Sherlock’s neck, down over the soft tee-shirt cotton of his chest and around his back, so he can hold on tighter, pull Sherlock closer.
“Don’t think it’s just the kids, though. I know a lanky tit who texted me in the kitchen from the living room to hand him a book from the coffee table. He was on the sodding sofa!”
John wakes up slowly as the light and sounds of morning begin to filter in through the windows.  With eyes still closed, he first registers that he is
She sits on her sofa, and he sits on the very edge of her armchair seat—like he might bolt for the door at the first loud sound.  He doesn’t waste any time, though.  “I meant it,” he says.  “I do.  I love you.”
Sherlock opens the sack to the heavenly smell of beef and onions, potato and grease. He takes a careful bite, as the crumbing thing had apparently not made it through John’s airport scuffle quite as well as John did. Even gone cold and smashed nearly flat, it is delicious. His stomach settles.
Sherlock’s left hand finds his, covering it, moving it slowly to cover his heart. Warm skin, soft hair, strong beat under his fingers. “He always meant to burn the heart out of me,” Sherlock says. John feels more than hears the rueful non-chuckle that follows. “He did.”
“You both are, you know,” Sherlock says, so quietly, and then he turns, facing John.  “Home.” His face does something complicated and raw, making John shiver with gooseflesh rising up on his arms, almost electric as it reaches his scalp.  If John keeps looking at Sherlock’s face looking like that, it will burn him blind; he can’t make himself turn away.
He has been staying in John’s spare bedroom since a fire at Speedy’s spread quickly to Mrs Hudson’s and his own flat, leaving 221 Baker Street extremely damaged and structurally unsound. The bones are back in place now, and he and Mrs Hudson have been given the all-clear to go in and assess the damage of their things, to decide what is fit to keep and what needs replacing.
“Mm,” John hums. “Good think I thought to pick up an extra then,” he says with a smirk, pulling a folded over paper sack from the inside pocket of his jacket. He holds it out, fingers brushing against his as Sherlock takes it.
John’s door is open.  He’s on his back, eyes open to the ceiling, one arm bent, fitted behind his head.  He looks to be stargazing—but it is day, and the ceiling is opaque.
open mouth, shirt clinging to his shoulders, to his chest. Water dripping from his fringe. Sherlock covers John’s mouth with his own. At the image, something like heat trickles down Sherlock’s spinal column. He slows the film down. Mouth on mouth, appealing. Wet,
The scene shifts, the music intensifies, and the narration starts.  And good lord, it is the worst sound he has ever heard!  “Gah!” he can’t help but shout, scrambling in the folds of the duvet for the remote.  “Make that stop!”
“John,” he starts again, shaking his head to gather his scattered thoughts.  “I cannot fully express to you my gratitude for your hospitality these past weeks, and of course your friendship is singular, and valued, and I-- Rosie is-- I have loved every minute…”
“Oh, you know what I mean,” Sherlock says, waving his fork dismissively. He swallows his bite and goes very still.
“No,” Sherlock says. John hears him swallow. “It was—it was you.” Silence falls again, and though John would really, really like further explanation—right fucking
“We are going to need a new plan,” Sherlock says, hands resting on John’s shoulders, fingers stroking the bare skin just at his collar.  “Any ideas?”
.” Sherlock’s narration is exactly the right tone, almost melodic, and John finds himself drifting a bit, but pleasantly so.
been John’s chair for even longer--six years?  Seven? He never did ask how long John stayed at Baker Street in the time he was away.
They take the bus for the fifteen minute journey to John’s neighbourhood. Sherlock teaches Rosie a game where she must memorise the colours of the shirts of the passengers sat behind them. She does well, and John finds that he is wholly engrossed, watching them together. Something in his heart warms even further. It’s been such a good day.
There is no fumbling or toe-stepping this time, so unlike the first. They do not take formal waltz position. Instead, John laces his fingers behind Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock’s hands rest around his waist.
.  Best chair in the whole world, this.  He closes his eyes for just a moment and lets the world fall still. He startles at the feel of cool glass underneath his fingertips.  Sherlock has handed him some water.  He sips as Sherlock settles into his chair opposite.
“That utter pap from yesterday evening! You shushed me. Said the rain thing was the best part. Was it the sex?”
Apparently he needs more of a distraction than a cup of tea is able to provide, so he slides his phone closer and presses the home button, lighting it up. He doesn’t even know what he wants to do other than ignore the quiet, reset his thoughts, just until he’s tired enough to sleep.  He checks tomorrow’s weather, his email, news app, Twitter.
John can’t help but smile, so he does, letting the awkwardness pass a bit. “See you later, Sherlock,” and he shifts to go, rocking from one foot to the other, wishing to God that he didn’t have to. It was a good day.
Once his bladder is empty, he heads to the kitchen for water (vicious circle), filling his glass entirely with ice first.  He runs a cube along the insides of his wrists before sliding it against his nape and the pulse points under his ears; it drips blissfully cold down his back and chest as it melts.
“Unnecessary,” Sherlock says, but the hand he tries to wave in dismissal comes away dark with blood, and Sherlock has to return it to his side quickly.
And, it’s out of his mouth before he can stop it. “Do it yourself,” John says, and when he does, he steps forward, just a bit.
After “Monkeywrench,” he gets another drink—whiskey this time.   And another one after “Fools Gold.”  He remembers the army, Murray’s kind smile and the exact odour of his farts as the opening riff of “Enter Sandman” begins, and for a while, he is blissfully transported.  The bartender hands him a fresh whiskey just as the last of his selections begins, so he takes it back to the little table that he’s made his own for the evening and continues to let his world and all its problems fade into the buzz and squeal of feedback from Thom Yorke’s guitar.  There is the pause when it’s done as the jukebox calls up the next track—the last one, the one he didn’t actually choose.  His mind is sluggish and muffled, but he finds himself oddly eager to find out what it’s going to be.
John, whose expression has gone from wistful to fond to something like trepidation, places his hand just under Sherlock’s on the door.  He looks at Sherlock, fully in the eyes, and grins a little as he joins Sherlock in pushing the door completely open.  John is so close that Sherlock can feel his gasp as much as hear it.
“Good,” Sherlock manages, but his eyes are already heavy.  When he closes them, though, it is colourless.  He hears the intermittent ticking and beeping of the monitors around him, feels the bed, soft and solid beneath him.  John’s fingers are warm, wrapping around his own.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock says through gritted teeth. He’s hunched over, holding a hand to his abdomen, just above his waist.
“I wish you could hear me now,” Sherlock says, and it’s true.  The chance will be gone before he knows it,
John smiles and thanks him, grateful and exhausted, and Sherlock’s shoulders relax. John tugs at his jumper, pulling it over his head by the back of the collar, letting it fall the ground near his feet. Next, he does his button down and swaps it for the tee shirt. Okay. Halfway there. He stands to undo his trousers but doesn’t get far because he forgot about his boots, and now—he’s stuck. Possibly forever. He’s sweating. He sits back down to gather his energy.
Sherlock’s eyes soften for a fraction of a second before focusing like lasers again.  “We have discussed this, John.  It isn’t safe—”
, crowded to the brim with cranky children and wits-end parents looking to pass the time somewhere cool.  Sherlock himself is enduring
There is an oft-cited experiment discussed in classrooms and cocktail parties alike, a convenient analogy when one endeavors to make a point about not noticing the obvious until it is inevitable. Simply, if you place a frog on a hot plate, it will jump off immediately, but if you put that frog on a cool plate and turn up the heat slowly,
They are both so broken in so many ways. When Sherlock whimpers as the pain meds run low in his system, John feels the ache in his own chest.
that he feels like a walking raw nerve.  Baker Street is an unremitting hot box of sweat and heat, steadily rising, and when Rosie can’t rest, neither he nor John can find any relief either.  He could use a case, a distraction, but while heatwaves like this do correlate with rises in petty crime, the complex criminal tends to opt out.  Anything more interesting than a bar fight or a B&E is simply too much effort for London’s underbelly in this weather.
John leans up and seals his mouth to Sherlock’s, tongue dipping deep, pulling at Sherlock’s to guide it into his own mouth.  His hands sweep Sherlock’s back, tracing the ridge of his shoulder blades as they move.  And, they move.
It’s tidy and trendy, airy and modern. Nothing overtly floral apart from the busy wallpapering on one wall. Unlike Baker Street, the things here are deliberately placed, bought to try and coordinate, to blend two sets of belongings together. He can clearly see where John and Mary’s things begin and end—the heavy fabric of the sofa (John), the cushions that try to match while adding a feminine softness (Mary), the clean lines and dark colour of the lamps and end tables (John), and the oddness of the whimsical little star dangling from the handle of a glass-fronted cupboard (Mary). On the shelves, only half the books have ever been opened. There is a compass and a clock, both made to look old but aren’t. The clock is functional; the compass isn’t. The carpeting has been freshly hoovered, there isn’t a speck of dust anywhere, and on the coffee table, the television remote is worn to almost nothing on the centre button.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and takes another bite. When he lowers the pasty back to his lap as he chews, John laughs.
Sherlock took great care with the upstairs rooms.  This nursery does not have horrid mismatched clowns and spiny trees.  He has had a garden tea-party mural painted along the wall with plenty of roses (naturally) and delicate floating bees with dotted trails behind, giving them the whimsical suggestion of flight.  It is smaller than her room now, but it is sunny in the daytime and cosy in the evenings, warmly lit with lamps and a softly-glowing nightlight. There is a cot and shelves for books and bins for toys and furniture for clothes and all the things Rosie needs, even room to grow.
.  John’s hands reach but don’t tug, travelling for miles along the gentle curve of hamstrings, and Sherlock sways down, down, down and
.  Snow has clung to John’s shoulders, hair, arms, shoes; brilliant white in flecks and patches, swallowing him up.
John sighs—the game is on, apparently. He tries to leave his embarrassment on the sofa when he stands. If Sherlock can let it drop so quickly, well then—he’s going to have to figure out how to let it go as well. He clears his throat and turns, makes his feet take the three steps that carry him to the doorway to face Sherlock.
“I should have told you,” Sherlock shouts through the din, into the void as the wind lashes his cheeks, cold and wet.  “I should say; I’ve always meant to say and I never have--”
John is already pulling items from the fridge: cheddar, pickle, tomato.  Sherlock crosses the space for the breadbox, then retrieves plates and crisps from the cupboards.  He lights his hand at the small of John’s back for a moment as he sets the plates before him, reaching around him to grab the tomato.  He slices it as John begins the rest of the assembly.
He drinks from his glass, draining the water, greedily opening his mouth for ice, anything to keep himself from talking until he feels he can trust his voice at all.  When the water is gone, he needs more (god, he needs
Also note that I've reduced this story down to 5 chapters.  This could change as the month goes on, but I'll be picking and choosing from the prompt list and may/may not actually use all of the prompts.
“Always,” Sherlock breathes, rolling on top. He twines their legs together, kisses John’s mouth, sucks John’s chin.  He aligns their hips, fingers sliding against John’s cheek, rolls of wet trailing down both of their faces.  His eyes sting; it’s not only sweat.  “
“Anything yet?” John asks, hand on his shoulder as he leans in to peer at the slide himself.  He stands straight again, widely blinking up at Sherlock, clearly not appreciating the significance of the data he just witnessed with his own eyes.  Plain as day, really.  Obvious.
,” Sherlock says, voice deep and lovely and sweet.  John watches as thousands of penguins leap from the sea onto land like they’re coming home to the place they’ve always belonged.  Sherlock’s voice
Though, as he comes more and more awake, he notices where he is, registers the actual room around him--alarm clock glow, baby monitor hum, old pipe clang.  He inhales the new paint smell, listens to the quiet of Baker Street at arse-thirty AM through the open window. Then,
“Hm, no.  Lemonade,” Sherlock says.  Though the breeze through the living room windows is nice, the kitchen is rather too warm for hot drinks at the minute.  John nods.  “I’ll get it,” and he does just that as John takes their plates to the table.
John is speaking, saying words to him (bit too much, sofa, extra pillows, sleep), but his own voice finds him (taxi, fine, lovely dinner, thank Mary).
John huffs.  It’s laughter.  “Me, too.”  It strikes him—how true this is.  He’d spent far too long running.
“Molly, you have shown me a great number of extraordinary kindnesses over the years.  I need you to know—I do love you.  I wasn’t lying.  You are a better friend than I deserve.”
“Rosie’s spending the weekend with her Aunt Harry, so I could get some shopping in.  Was in the area and thought you might fancy a takeaway or something,” he says.
“Rosie’s napping,” he says softly.  He meets John halfway and takes one of the bags before turning right back up the stairs.  John follows him up the further flight of stairs to his and Rosie’s floor, easier now that his load is lighter.
In the bedrooms, he packs up everything except for what he and Rosie need to get them through Saturday.  He’d got rid of his and Mary’s shared bedding ages ago when one morning, hungover and sick and angry and grieving, he’d gathered the lot and stuffed it all into a black bin bag.  He’d slept under a too-small blanket on the sofa for half a week while he waited for new things from Amazon.
While they eat, John asks good questions about the crime scene from yesterday, helping Sherlock shift the data in his mind into three promising new ideas.  They’ll need to make an extra stop to re-interview the mistress.  He needs to observe both her behavioral response to this new avenue of inquiry as well as her home, particularly the bathroom.  He needs a look into her medicine cabinet.
John doesn’t have the faintest idea what he’s on about. He shakes his head, frustrated with himself. “I don’t know, Sherlock,” John says. He sneezes, which knocks something around deep inside his chest, and he can’t stifle the cough that comes. Damn it
. He wants nothing more than to take the sides of Sherlock’s face and press their lips together, but he steels himself, reminds himself that this is meant to be about keeping Sherlock well, keeping him comfortable. He shifts a bit in his seat. Sherlock moves his head upwards, cool lips against John’s collarbone, his throat, his chin, and then—against his mouth.
It hurts to watch nimble, kinetic Sherlock so fettered by his own body. At the beginning, Sherlock isn’t able to play his violin, or work cases that require any sort of legwork, or sit for long periods at his microscope. Hell, he can’t even make it from the sofa to the loo without a little help. In time, he’s able to walk a bit on his own—first in the flat, then up the street and back. John goes with him, helping him with the stairs, hand hovering near the small of Sherlock’s back as he takes laboured and deliberate steps on the pavement.
Now fully aware that Sherlock is awake, John brushes his thumb across Sherlock’s brow, and Sherlock looks up at him, turning his head just a little so that his chin is against John’s chest and he can see him properly.  John finds his eyes, waits a moment, and then brushes his brow again, back and forth over warm skin and soft hair.
, he thinks, and when he opens his eyes again, they fall to the bottom right corner of the screen to check the time. It’s been time to go for over three hours now, and he’s still not finished up. He hadn’t had a moment for paperwork in the onslaught of patients today, which was bad enough
This one is a double-drabble (100 words for each part), so I didn't think it needed it's own story entry.  It works well as a coda to "The Substance of Things Hoped For," I think.  And going forward, who knows?  Maybe I'll just keep adding things to this??  Daily ficlet-writing by the seat of your pants means you have NO IDEA EVER WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN!  LOL.
Sherlock does his best to remain focused on the case notes he’s tacked up against the wallpaper, but his mind drifts—to the sounds of footsteps above him, creaking floorboards too long silent until now, to the only-just-vacant doorway and the floor there, dark and plain only moments ago.  He finds himself focused on the two wet, autumn-bright leaves John tracked in on his shoe, stuck there from the wet outside—from last night’s storm.  John brought them in unintentionally; they seem unremarkable, but they might as well be glowing for how they stand out against the dark of the floorboards.
Sherlock gasps at the feeling of John’s fingers on him as he rolls the condom down, as he strokes him gently, slicking him with lubricant.
“Are you even listening?” John asks, and Sherlock feels his own face fall, hates that he even has to ask.  But, he knows, Sherlock
“Think those breathing exercises Ella’s got me doing are actually working a bit,” John says conversationally as he perches on his chair.  He doesn’t want to lean his still-sweaty back against the upholstery, so he rests his forearms against his knees, rolling the cool glass against his palms, his wrists.
John doesn’t really know what to say next, so he musters up a small smile and holds Sherlock’s eyes until he returns it. He really does need the loo though, so he nods once, heaves himself from the sofa, and goes.
, he thinks, putting up a wobbly index finger in front of his own face in reprimand.  And then he does laugh—a high, throaty thing that sounds manic to the small portion of his brain that knows exactly what he is doing.
“Thank you,” John says. “I’ll just go open it, let it breathe a bit. Mary’s just finishing up in the kitchen.” He sets the bottle down on an end table. “But first, let me get your coat. I’ll put it in the study.” Sherlock shucks his coat and scarf and hands them to John, who folds them over an arm before picking up the bottle again and moving out of the room. The house smells strongly of lasagna and garlic bread. It is heady and warm, almost stiflingly so. Mary calls hello from the kitchen without emerging, and Sherlock answers back briefly as he surveys this mostly-beige living room, wondering how on earth this is John Watson’s home.
. He turns on his heel, taking his tea with him to the sofa.   As he sips, without particularly intending to, he pictures John’s lips around the rim of his cup, the way the tea lingered there, on the fullest part of his bottom one, until John licked it away.   Interesting. He presses his fingertips together and
The following day is no better, and Baker Street feels even more like a sauna than ever.  John is working a shift at the surgery, so Sherlock takes Rosie to the cinema in the afternoon for the air con.  It’s
The seams of his trousers cut into his skin, fabric pulling tight at his knees when he tries to move, but he doesn’t want to climb the stairs. “I don’t want to climb the stairs,” he mutters, breathless, to the ceiling, as he flops back into the sofa once more.  The movement sloshes about the liquid in his head unpleasantly. He can’t breathe through his nose like this. Is it possible to drown in one’s own snot?  He’s a doctor, he thinks, as he lets his eyes close again.  At one point, he probably knew the answer to that question.
He wakes to Sherlock’s hand, a solid warmth on his shoulder. He coughs; it’s worse than before. John slowly shifts to sitting, unable to stop a miserable groan as every muscle in his body protests. Sherlock sits beside him, perching stiffly at the sofa’s edge.
“You’ve had a tube down your throat to help you breathe,” John says.  “Don’t try to talk too much.” He places a straw against his lips. “Here.”
John shakes his head against the pillow and drags Sherlock’s face to his.  “No,” he says, breath coming in pants.  “Together, Sherlock,” he says, and he rolls, flipping them, kissing everywhere he can, straddling Sherlock’s hips and pulling at Sherlock’s waistband.  They shuffle his pyjama bottoms down together, and John moves back to get them completely off.
Two days later, they are at Curry’s where John is all but frog-marching Sherlock to the computers section. Sherlock explained that he didn’t
Sherlock hums, making a quick note in his chart for posterity. “It looks like Thompson’s alibi will hold after all,” he explains, laying out the connections in an easy-to-follow line.
John huffs, a small sound that could be stifled laughter or a sob—or both.  There is a beat, and then he is looking up again, steadfast and sure into Sherlock’s eyes as he fits his own hand inside, palm-to-palm as warm fingers wrap to cover Sherlock’s first knuckle.  It is only a moment before they both go back to their lunch.  There is nothing to say—no case more important, no trivia, no idle gossip—just the hum of the refrigerator and the sound of the pipes as the heating kicks on.
He opens them when John switches on the bathroom light to shuffle through his evening routine.  Sherlock turns his head on his pillow, blinking slowly at the en suite door.  He watches John strip himself of his clothes, an indistinct shadow through textured glass.
At first, they stick to the languid pace they’d been keeping, learning each other, breathing, holding steady.  Sherlock’s hands find the strong muscles of John’s thighs, running over them from knee to buttocks, letting his fingers linger and press into that spot before stroking over their solid length again.  On a downward thrust, John shifts his angle just a bit, and something happens; John is swearing and moaning, going harder and faster, and Sherlock is rocking, thrusting, matching John’s rhythm, grabbing fistfuls of John’s skin, holding on, feeling pleasure spark over every inch of his body, so intense he doesn’t know what to do with it all.  He needs more, and John is there, urging him on with words of love and profanity and those sounds, those
He closes his eyes and calls up the memory of the film—everything watery, grey, soft. An open mouth, water dripping inside before another mouth covers it. Hands in wet hair, rucking up wet clothing, sliding over wet skin. Objectively, he does not understand how this could be anything other than cold and slippery and uncomfortable.
“Sherlock, please,” John says, and he’s writhing, the head of his penis dripping and flushed and so hard it’s peeking out now from John’s waistband.
His own body shivers at the gooseflesh rising on the back of John’s neck.  He wants that texture under his tongue.  He cannot bear it.
“We’ll need to get to the neighbor interview by two if we also need to talk to the employer again and be on time for Rosie,” John says as Sherlock clears two spots at the table of his lab notebook and the contents of the case file.  He stacks it all roughly and shoves it to a corner.  He’ll need it again later to add results due in from Met forensics.
“Sherlock,” he says, and he keeps his voice steady.  “I won’t go back.”  This time, his voice is steady, the wool clearing from his brain.  He shifts up in his seat, inching forward.  His knees brush Sherlock’s, and  Sherlock does flinch a bit this time, but he doesn’t move away.
Sherlock wants to taste it.  He wants to dip in to it like cream.  He runs his knuckles along John’s waist again, teasing at the elastic.  “Have you ever?  With a man?”
… She spits.  Cupping water from the tap in her hands, she rinses first her mouth and then the dregs of paste from the sink bowl.
“Quite right,” Sherlock agrees.  He makes his way to the kitchen and rummages through a drawer.  He hands John a stack of paper menus. “You pick. Tea?”
“But, oh—but the alarm code!” Sherlock replies, clapping once in front of his face. But almost instantly, his brow creases. He runs his hands through his hair, back to front. “No, no, no—would never work.”
Sherlock turns around then, looming over him, and John looks up with eyes blazing, expecting a challenge, anything but the unfamiliar gaze in front of him—defeated, broken. Without a word, Sherlock steps around him. He turns the kitchen chair to the side and sits down sideways, leaving his back exposed to the room. It’s an invitation.
John turns to look at him. Is Sherlock actually reading to him?  He raises an eyebrow.  Sherlock shrugs.  There is a pause in the captions, and John wishes he could hear the music, but he takes the moment to once again try to get more comfortable.
to leave or kip on the sofa, he decides on sitting instead.  He perches himself on the very edge of the bed, back ramrod straight, still unsure about exactly what is the right thing to do.
John fills her sippy cup with cold water, but she does little more with it than moan pitifully around the mouthpiece.  John’s frustrated exhaustion is written all over his face.  It is streaked with lines of sweat; blotchy patches mid cheek and along his neck nearly match the maroon of his tee shirt.  Sherlock knows that he doesn’t look any better himself; his hair is larger every time he catches his own reflection in the mirror above the fireplace.  It’s nearly standing on end at the sides, fuzzy and ridiculous and completely out of his own control.
“We’ll baby proof,” John says, smiling a bit.  “Rosie already loves you, loves it here. We can stay in my old room if you want to take things slowly, or--”
“Stop that,” John says, keeping his voice even.  “Be still,” and without thinking, he fits his hand into Sherlock’s fringe, spanning the length of his forehead to stop him squirming.  Sherlock stops immediately.  Pleased with the new calm, John finds his place on the page again and continues reading.
He only turns back around when he feels John’s hand, warm and solid on his shoulder.  John’s eyes find his as he slides his palm down Sherlock’s arm, taking his hand.
John’s breath catches, and he manages, “Yeah.”  He clears his throat, not daring to move too much. “Yeah, it’s one of Rosie’s favourites, too.”  Sherlock smells of a perfect summer afternoon—green like The Regent’s Park, sweet like coffee, and a little like sweat—warm, familiar, wonderful.
“Whoa,” John says, the differences already extremely apparent before they’ve even reached the top.  “What have you done?”
Sherlock forces his hand away from John’s skin long enough to open the nightstand drawer.  “Lube and condoms,” he manages to breathe, and he feels as though his heated body is doused in ice for the few seconds John shifts off him to find what they need.  It gives Sherlock a minute to compose himself a bit, to focus.  It has been a very long time since he’s done anything like this—and never
John kisses him then, gloved hands grabbing onto the lapels of his coat, a chaste press of lips that lingers.  John’s nose and lips are chilled, but it takes only a second to feel the warmth below.  John pulls back slowly, to open the door.
“John, I--”  Sherlock’s voice is hardly more than breath, lips just under John’s ear, so close, swaying closer; he can almost taste.  Green soap.  Clean sweat.  He must
is. The couple argues. Emotionally wrought? A misunderstanding. Cleared up with one sentence. Sherlock snorts.
But Sherlock, even now, knows the ins-and-outs of London better than Google, and he’s managed to chase the man into a dead-end. Even over the rushing of blood in his ears and the pounding of his and Lestrade’s footsteps, John hears the other footsteps stop, the sounds of a struggle. He just has to get there faster.
Then, John raises the glass still in his other hand, reminding Sherlock of the matching one he holds as well.
stretch to find it in this one, but really--now that this thing has a sort-of plot and direction, I'm letting it do what it wants (mostly).
Sherlock turns his face into John’s hand, rasping stubble against his palm before his lips, dry and flat, press against his wrist.  John hums.  Sherlock turns his head back, nuzzling into John’s chest before dragging himself up, aligning their bodies, shifting so his face hovers just above John’s.  They share space and breath for a few heartbeats before Sherlock’s thumb is on John’s temple, fingernails lightly scraping through the short hair at his nape.  John brings a hand to rest against Sherlock’s chest.
When John returns up his body, it is by running his cheek, his lips, his chin, from Sherlock’s testicles all the way up to his jaw, taking his time along the way to nuzzle lightly against his length, lips placing a soft kiss against his frenulum before following his midline to dip into and nibble around his navel, and up and up just like that, lips and tongue everywhere, all the way up his chest until Sherlock is whimpering and John’s penis is sliding against his own.
“That’s it,” John says with some finality, taking the sodden fag end in Sherlock’s hand and chucking it away. “Up you get. You’re not staying out here any longer.” John nearly recoils from the cold when his hand wraps around Sherlock’s arm to haul him up.
Before Sherlock goes through, he takes one more look at the changed world, made new by the snow.  He breathes in the icy air, deep, clean, and he watches the trail of it as it mists out before him, visible evidence that it happened at all.
“You are married,” Sherlock says after a while, arms still holding steady around John’s waist. The words are not laced with sadness or regret, a mere statement of fact.
“Look at her,” John says, clearing his throat a bit. “She already knows she’s home.”  He wraps a hand lightly around the cot rail, tracing the smooth grain of the wood beneath his fingers.
At the nursery, he is on the list of approved carers and no longer has to show ID, but he pauses to check in; this sort of thing still feels a bit out of his area.  He exchanges pleasantries with the receptionist as succinctly as he can politely manage. That done, he passes neatly taped-up rows of sugar paper crafts and painted egg crates along a corridor that smells of Elmer’s glue and antibacterial cleaner.
“Still cold, though,” Sherlock replies. He presses in even closer to John. “You’re warm,” and when he shifts forward, brushing the freezing tip of his nose just behind John’s ear, it is John’s turn to shiver. Sherlock presses his face into John’s neck, and John can feel every press of skin—lips, cheek, chin—and it’s
Sherlock takes a breath.  “It was an outlet,” he says.  “A way for me to--stay sane. You couldn’t know, of course, so I sent them to Mycroft.”
“How is this in any way fair?” Sherlock asks. “They’ve got a model and a pop star in their twenties up against a fifty year-old television presenter who’s likely never had any formal dance training whatsoever.”
against him, hips rolling in time with his curling tongue.  John breathes open mouthed, lips against his cheek, and Sherlock’s bottom teeth scrape the underside of John’s chin.
“No,” Sherlock says, and he lifts the remote from the table next to John’s chair and carries it over to him.
His mind wanders as he flips through old newspapers and notes that mostly get the bin.  It’s been five years since he’s returned. He still thinks of it as John’s chair. It’s
“I did the shopping yesterday,” Sherlock says, hovering in John’s doorway.  “Fish fingers and yoghurt for Watson, but I’ve got some lamb or ingredients for spag bol for us.  Which would you rather?”
“I really don’t,” John says.  And then, voice a low rumble that makes Sherlock shiver, “We’ll bloody well figure it out.”
“The best part,” John says between burning kisses down Sherlock’s throat, back up to his mouth. “About kissing in the rain?” Another kiss, light on his temple, firmer high on his cheekbone, tongue hot against the cool wet line where his hairline meets his ear. He presses the entire length of his sodden body against Sherlock’s, and Sherlock’s vision swims.
The rain does not pick up, but the mist and drizzle have slowly darkened John’s hair, created puddles enough to soak the hems of his jeans. Sherlock bites his lip, wondering. If he were to run the trial now, would the results be sound?
On the way up the steps to the flat, John reaches into Sherlock’s coat pocket for the keys, leaning in close. Sherlock feels his body lean forward as well, and everything is warm and a little hazy, and John’s mouth is slightly open, soft. The sky is clear above them, the air crisp. John’s mouth is inches away from his, getting closer, and he doesn’t know if it’s him or John or both of them moving. John’s breath is settling hot on his lips when Mrs Hudson opens the door. John jumps back as if burned, and Sherlock stands straight, eyeing the clear sky above with something like disdain.
Nearly two days later, John holds his gun steady, aimed directly at the neighbour’s chest as Sherlock gets him zip-tied for Lestrade.  He wipes his cheek against his shoulder, his sweaty fingers slipping a bit against the plastic, but everything is secured in short order.  The chase wasn’t a particularly difficult one (nor was the case for that matter, in the end—a six), but it is warm today, verging on uncomfortable under the midday sun.  Sherlock is itching to be back in the cool dark of Baker Street with a soft breeze and a dry shirt.
John notices him looking, and his hand comes to light at the small of Sherlock’s back, a caress over his coat, and Sherlock smiles at him with lips pressed together.
“Yeah,” John replies, letting his shoulders drop as he sighs.  “Think it must’ve been triggered by the heat. Don’t even remember what it was about now.  Want some water?”
John collapses on top of him, lips sliding wetly, sloppily, from his collarbone to his chin before he takes Sherlock’s mouth again.  Sherlock kisses him, the smacking of their lips louder now that their breathing has evened out some, their pulses quieting.
—he waits.   “Moriarty needed stopping. But he could blow up the entire world, and it wouldn’t have mattered as much… He was having you followed—snipers. And Mrs Hudson and Lestrade.”
This is followed shortly by an animated gif of a finger bursting a snot bubble from a child’s nose, at which, Sherlock chuckles.  He will never actually type out L.O.L. He shudders at the very thought. On the pavement, he changes course and begins walking the opposite direction, toward Rosie’s nursery school.
This time, when John returns to the lounge, Sherlock is not reading. He is standing by the fireplace, hands in his pockets. Though it’s getting late, the sunlight is still coming through the windows at an angle. His skin looks like summer, golden and perfect, and John cannot fathom life without him, cannot fathom that this life would in any way suit him, cannot fathom what comes next—he just doesn’t know.  He has everything to lose.
“When you d--”  John cuts himself off with a hum before starting again.  “Ella tried to get me to say--” His fingers tighten around Sherlock’s.  “I couldn’t.  I just couldn’t.”
John’s room is less planned because Sherlock wants John to make these decisions for himself, didn’t want to spoil the surprise with questions.  He chose a soft grey paint for the walls, comfortable bed, and a matching dresser and night table set which are handsome without extravagance. Room enough for John to bring his things if he chooses but neutral enough to serve as a generic spare bedroom if...
John’s face slackens, and Sherlock can’t tell if it’s good or bad.  Other than one window, the room is obviously entirely changed. Sherlock watches John’s eyes flicker over every surface.
And because that particular voice in his head belongs to John, he does his best to try and answer.  And well, he knows it is undoubtedly problematic in some way or another, but he is—
The journey passes in a bit of a haze, and before he even knows it, he is stepping onto the platform at Baker Street station.  It is only minutes before he’s standing in front of the door of 221b, inspecting each key on his ring with the utmost scrutiny until he finds the right one.  There it is.  It takes him a moment, but he manages to fit it into the lock, and then, he’s made it.  He lumbers up the stairs and to the door at the top, and once there, he doesn’t bother knocking before stumbling through.
as he talks through a case, picking through the detritus of his thoughts with John there to conduct the light.  It’s less convenient by several miles (literally), but he is already loath to give it up when Baker Street is ready and he and John shall once again be on opposite ends of the city.
“Don’t want to ruin your shirt,” John says around the clearing of his throat, and Sherlock just blinks and blinks. John keeps talking (for the love of God, why?) “It’s one of my favourites.”
They eat sandwiches on the sofa, chewing quietly, both of them too zapped to even carry a conversation.  They share the welcome breeze of the fan as the evening passes; it stirs the stagnant air enough to breathe a little easier.  Rosie sacks out directly in front of it just after her bath.
When the taxi stops outside the flat, John squeezes his knee quickly before exiting, and Sherlock pays the fare before following inside.
In the kitchen, Sherlock has removed his jacket and hung it over the back of the chair. His legs are stretched out in front of him, and he’s leaning at an awkward angle to try and keep his body as straight as he can. John knows Sherlock would be more comfortable on the sofa, but he needs the kitchen light in order to see properly.
Sherlock thinks about those beautiful curling breaths, about how quickly they go, dissipating into nothing by the time the next one comes.  He wants to catch one, hold it in his hand to prod at it with a finger, perhaps store it in a vial to put under a microscope slide for further examination-- but those are impossible things to want.  He cannot stop time any more than he can change the past-- the hurt and the heartache, regret, and so much loss. Is it possible for their shared darkness, so deep in too many spots, to ever be completely lifted?
anymore, so he tips some ice into his mouth, crushing it to increase its surface area.  And then, he bends down close, inhaling John at his nape, and blows—a cool stream of air, just there, where the sweat has spiked the edges of John’s hairline.  He knows it will feel good; he knows this is not normal.
“Right,” John says. “Go inside, would you? You can carry on like a nutter in there just as well, with the added bonus of
“But no—he’s not always like that,” John says, feeling a bit like a wanker that all he’s done is complain. “He actually wrote a song for Mrs Hudson’s birthday last month. He worked on it for ages.” John smiles, thinking about Sherlock painstakingly making notes and fussing with the melody for weeks before he was satisfied. “It was amazing. He brought his violin to Angelo’s and played in front of the whole restaurant. Everyone clapped. And you know, I think he actually blushed.” John takes a sip of his drink and notices that Mike is just… staring at him.
the conversation they are having right now, but he does know that it is important, that it might take time to find the words they’re searching for.  He also knows that he cannot leave here in an hour to go back to his nearly empty, awful house for even two more nights.
The next morning is Saturday, so no work.  Even still, John wakes early and manages to get the coffee on before Rosie starts fussing, needing a change and some breakfast.  It is in the short lulls in kiddie shows and playtime that he finds and contacts an estate agent to put the house on the market, and during morning nap time, he gets photos of almost everything else taken and posted to Facebook, arranges times for pick up for the items he’d put up last night.
He looks to John who is looking back at him with an odd sort of half-smile. He tightens his lips, the lines around his eyes crinkling; his arm twitches.
Thank you so, so much to youngdarling for looking this over and helping me make it better!  You freaking rule!!
,” and John is spilling, his release adding to the slide of their flesh, and it’s warm and wet and then Sherlock’s vision sparks.  His back arches and arches and
Two more days, and they are officially suffering through the worst heatwave London has seen in a decade.  The breeze has entirely gone, and the flat is boiling.  Sherlock checks his phone; according to reports, the weather should break with a line of storms from the north in a day or two.  He scowls at the map, longing to shift the rain hovering over York down to London right
Case closed, statements given, John walks half a step behind Sherlock through The Regent’s Park. The companionable silence between them is comfortable and welcome, and John takes a moment to savour what is left of this pretty-damn-near-perfect day. It’s midsummer, and a breeze carrying the scent of cut grass and blooming flowers is just enough to ruffle the fabric of Sherlock’s rolled up sleeves. The sunlight catches at the sparse hairs on his forearms, and John knows that if they stay out too much longer like this, Sherlock is likely to freckle. It won’t be dark for hours yet.
John sniffs at it. He’s dubious, but takes a sip anyway. It’s not what he expected; it’s smooth and rich, like silk, coating the entire inside of his throat. “It’s good,” he says, but his voice is gone even weaker now; patchy and raw. He sips again.
,” he says, voice breaking, eyes on John’s as he slides his desperate want slowly against John through their pyjamas.
John looks from Sherlock’s face down again into the box, and he lifts the slim shoebox from it.  He tips up the lid with his forefinger and lets it fall back in.  Brow furrowing, he holds up a postcard, a glossy photograph of deep blue water and quaint white buildings.  CROATIA, it says across the front.  He flips it around to read, and the lines of confusion around his eyes shift into something deeper.  He lifts another card and flips it, eyes moving quickly over the words.  He does another. And another.
.  It’s been far too long since he listened to this particular melody, and his smile fades when he remembers why.
He’s sweating again, feels it prickling along the edge of his hairline.  He shuts his eyes--and waits. Breathes in. Counts. Holds. Breathes out slow.  The thumb stays, burning, catching slightly against sweat-tacky skin.
success.  First, he huffs and flails, bouncing his backside as much as possible as he feigns getting comfortable.  Next, he does a drop-and-smoosh, where he gets half to standing before falling against John like a very warm, duvet-wrapped log.  John stops this after the second attempt with a hand braced against the space between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
“In the wind, like we planned,” John says.  “Mycroft is tracing her.  She’s been in Morocco since Thursday night.”
John takes the fan to the nursery when he goes to put Rosie down, and Sherlock misses it immediately, once more at the mercy of the flat’s consuming, stagnant heat.
After the labour of taking more Lemsip and making a cup of tea, John is knackered once again by the time he settles back in his spot on the sofa.  He closes his eyes again, but sleep won’t come.
John,” Sherlock says, but his head sinks low, and he braces himself with a hand on the doorjamb. It makes it even easier for John to see—to see what Sherlock had been so nervous about.
Sherlock tries to lift his head, but he can’t.  It’s just so heavy. His whole body hurts, limbs won’t follow instructions, eyes won’t open.  His transport betrays him, lying still. He’s falling upwards. That can’t be right, but somehow--it is.
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John breathes.  “Thank fu--” His word breaks as he drops his head to Sherlock’s shoulder.  His hair smells
Stepping out, he doesn’t bother with a towel.  Naked and dripping, he passes through the door to his bedroom and drops himself face-up atop the duvet.  His wet hair helps to keep his head cool, temperature regulated, and he settles, listening absently to John’s footsteps on his ceiling shifting from one side to the other and back again.  He loves it; he loves having John here, moving above him, about him in this space.  His eyelids feel heavy, so he lets them drift shut for just a little while.
Later, in the kitchen, the sheets tumble in the washer while Sherlock lays fish fingers on a baking tray.  John changes a newly-roused Rosie before bringing her down for tea. They talk about the case and the idiocy of the new forensics intern at the Met and get in each other’s way in all the very best ways as John peels potatoes and Sherlock wipes pink yoghurt from Rosie’s face.  They even take advantage of the long summer evening with an after-dinner walk in the park. By the time Rosie is in bed for the night, John is able to make his own, sheets now soft and pleasantly fragrant from the wash.
—on the entire legacy of storytelling. He wonders why John thinks that the rainy kissing was the best part? Surely, the overplayed emotional moment at the end would be better? Why
Mike snorts into his glass just as the bartender comes to the table with John’s steak and ale pie and a plate of chips for Mike. They talk about rugby as they tuck in. John demolishes his pie, and Mike gets them another round. John asks about teaching, and Mike speaks fondly of his students and classes but does say, “You know—it’s worrying. Every year they’re getting lazier and lazier. It’s like the internet has turned them all into idiots,” Mike says. “Can’t spend half an hour doing a bit of old-fashioned research.”
He’s swinging lazily in the garden hammock, re-reading a particularly insightful article on blood spatter when he is brought back to his Baker Street sofa by the loud squeak of a kitchen cupboard.  Sherlock can hear John working through his breathing exercises and feels the corners of his own mouth turn down.  He’s woken from a nightmare.
“Bit of a rough one there, love?” the woman behind the counter asks.  He remembers a time when he had rather an impressive poker face.  Apparently, that’s gone to shit these days, too.
“Great. I’ll have that one please.” says John not even caring what he has just ordered. He thinks his mind is playing a trick on him again as it feels like the image of this waiter is blurring with some ofSherlock’straits, like his curls… ‘God I need to think about something else.’ he thinks, draining his glass of wine. A face from the past eh sounds familiar...
“Well to be honest, I did some research…” Sherlock voice breaks up a bit not quite sure if he wants to continue his sentence or not…
When he opens his bedroom door, John flies up from his chair in a second and turns to look at Sherlock. But Sherlock hasn’t looked at him yet, he
“Uh.. so, Mary.” God, he almost said Sherlock, ‘concentrate Watson’. “Listen, uhm… I know it hasn’t been long...” '
- These chapters might be a bit out of order though probably not at the beginning - I might use some ellipsis and try to capture some moments in time if that makes sense
“My pleasure Mr. Holmes, but don’t worry too much about all of this, I’m sure everything will be fine.”
“You weren’t angry because I decided to come back in the middle of your engagement dinner?… And by the way, I swear I didn’t know before...”
“I… please don’t hate me but I had thought… maybe because dehydration or malnourishment or something else made me delirious but...”
Sherlock looks down at his knees and John swears he can actually see Sherlock’s tears falling to the ground. That’s enough he tell
If you have requests or prompts you can contact me either through my Tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com. I also started to do some fanart so you can ask for these too.
“That boring kiss? You want me to show you what a real kiss is to me John?” And with that he takes John off the sofa, push
John knows that someday and the sooner the better, they would have to talk about his nightmares and PTSD and what causes them, but not now… he doesn’t want to break this moment… though he had another question, that hasn’t been forgotten, in his mind…
“Don’t even think about finishing this sentence Sherlock! Willow is your daughter, she is our daughter, and even if people would think that we’re not the archetype of normal parents, you have been nothing else than the perfect dad she could hope for! I mean look at you, you love her more than anything, you’re even thinking of giving up cases for her! You act like a father, putting her and her safety first and foremost, and I agree that this is our jobs as parents, but my role as a partner is to remind you to take care of yourself too, don’t forget your needs in the midst of it all.”
“I did but before I could, I needed to go undercover Doctor Watson, and you both know how I dislike legwork. Now I will leave you two to catch up, make sure he does not escape Doctor Watson please.”
“Sorry to interrupt I was just wondering how you were doing?” says John “I'm interrupting something aren’t I?” seeing the look of shock on Molly’s face.
‘’And I had just met an old mate of my days here at Barts, Mike Stamford in Hyde Park, he takes me there, and takes me on a tour then introduce me to you after saying you were the first man who says that nobody wants as a flatmate, on the very same day I met him.’’
“Yes, Miss Hooper wasn’t in immediate danger so she was able to help with the trick and who cares about what homeless people know? Nobody would trust them if they decide to talk anyway.”
“I… Yes it was partly because of John’s wedding, I was kind of hurt I suppose and I couldn’t continue as before without him or with how the things were but that’s not all...”
After a while, Sherlock falls asleep and John watches him contently, not quite believing his luck to be able to have this wonderful man back in his life. John is not really the best religious man but in this moment, he wants to thank god for this because if he knows what the definition of a miracle is, then this is truly one.
“I did. That’s why I went away, I was panicking and I didn’t want anyone to know in case you let John know, I was terrified, I didn’t know how he would react. So I try to continue as usual for as long as I can until my belly started to show. I told Mrs Hudson and my brother and with his help, I disappeared to the countryside.”
“He confessed his feelings for me, confessed that when he had came back he wanted to asking me to marry him but that he was force
“Yes darling, daddy is coming just one minute… Oh for god sake! It’s already half past eight! I’m gonna be so late if I don’t find this bloody jumper!” he repeats once again.
“You can’t know for sure John. I told you; the people who I believe tried to love me back, when I told them that I love them, they died!”
? And even then, even if he didn’t have to tell or explain what he had done, how could he pretend to care that his bloody wife was dead, when all he could think of was how Sherlock was doing?
I was wondering if I should start a new series for these new chapters or keep calling them epilogue, let me know your thoughts in the comments?
When they were both out of breath and clearly hard, Sherlock stays close to John pressing their forehead
TBH I was really surprised by the reactions to this fic as I hesitating a long time before deciding to post it.
The thing that is most bothering John right now is the fact that he can’t stop thinking of how close to Baker Street he actually is. It’s almost like it’s calling him, a sort of home calling, that’s rather stupid he thinks. But at the same time, it has been a long time since he has been this close to his  home, his former flat, except for an afternoon a couple of months ago. It had been when he had tried to say goodbye for the last time to Sherlock, tried to get rid of him, well tried to get rid of the hallucinations as Ella had advised him. ‘You need a proper goodbye, maybe that’s what you need to move on’ she had told him, so that’s what he had done, he had poured all of his heart out to his imaginary Sherlock sitting in his chair, thankful that Mrs Hudson hasn’t been home, he had told him how much he loved him, he had said goodbye, exactly how his therapist had said, but it didn’t work. The only positive thing from this visit, he would say, was that it had given him the opportunity to catch up with Mrs Hudson as he hadn’t seen her since he had moved out, one year and a half before, she had just caught him with his red eyes as he had been about to fly outside, and had forced him to have a bit of a chat and a cup of tea.
Sherlock starts to yell first in English, things like “Please stop! No!” and then in another language that John assumes might be Serbian. He doesn’t really know what to do as the last thing he wants is to make Sherlock panic, even more, he may not have been there to save him from what causes them, but he is here now to save him from the memories.
“Like a gaze from a cloud of strangers, suddenly one is aware one is staring into the face of an old friend.” ‘God what is he saying now, why is he sounding more and more like Sherlock, and why is he taking off his glasses now…’
“I know, and that’s why I would like to ask you to extend the resources you put to protect me, to her and John. After all, we live a dangerous life and she will need all the protection she can get!”
“You’re not an idiot, John!…” but John gives him a surprised look and he corrects “Well, you’re not a simple average idiot that is...you’re my idiot...”
“Hello Mrs Hudson!” answers John giving Emily to her “I’m sorry I’m running a bit late, have been searching for one of my jumpers for almost half an hour this morning! By the way, if you find it tell me maybe I left it here, it’s the grey one.”
It hasn’t really changed except for the added crib, he hadn’t realised was here, he thought he had seen one in Mrs Hudson flat… or maybe Sherlock had bought one for when he’s taking care of Emily? Although it seems a bit old to have been bought recently… He decides to take a closer look to the wooden crib and… then he sees some initials on the headboard… W.S.S.H.
‘’6 years ago, on this day… I don’t know… I was probably there… Oh oh!’’ says Sherlock suddenly realising ‘’John 6 years ago was the day we met, isn’t it?’’
And it seems that the last time he wore it was when he had taken care of Sherlock’s wound after Mary shot him, while he has been staying for a few weeks at Baker St. And so, unlike what Sherlock seems to think, his jumper is probably here, somewhere… He decides to take a look at his bedroom, well his former… bedroom…
Moreover, you can’t just go here and do that, you not even supposed to know that he is in love with you. I suggest you take things slow with him but if you’re ready to finally let him know that you love him too
It’s been a few weeks now since Willow is born and even though John and Sherlock have been busy trying to fit an infant into their new routines as a couple, John can tell that Sherlock is started to go mad staying inside of their flat.
“Yes, and oh wait you might need that to examine it better” says John going to Sherlock coat, he takes his magnifying glass, and hands it to Sherlock.
“Yes, the last mission did not really go smoothly at all to say the least, he was captured and tortured for a couple of weeks, then he tried to escape and contact me to send help, as the last part was bigger than he expected, but they retraced his phone call and captured him again. They tortured him a bit more harshly to punish him for his escape until I was able to get him out.”
John is amazed, first by how quickly Sherlock manages to calm her, while it always takes him several minutes to try to make her stop crying, before she starts again, and he is amazed at the softness of Sherlock with her, using pet names that he always despised, he’s quite far from the sociopath he pretends to be, though John had realised some time ago that he isn’t really a sociopath… he had seen it especially during his best man speech… John smiles to himself but it’s quite a sad smile as he realises how wrong this wedding was, and how wrong he was about Sherlock and sentiments… sure he doesn’t understand them but he surely can feel them… at least that’s what John assumed after his speech.
“Fine, I supposed, though I’m feeling like I have a lack of energy sometimes, and the hormones make me rather emotional I don’t like it!”
“John was worried and started to try to contact me while I was trying to get away from him unless he learnt about the baby. I stay with my parents for a while and then gave birth at a clinic nearby. My mother took the matter in her own hands and called John to let him know that he was a dad. John immediately came to see me at the clinic and we talked and get our shit sorted as you may say...”
“Sherlock, stop mocking me and tell me what it is?” says John, knowing that it's Sherlock's way to still avoid the subject.
I’m sorry John… I didn’t… when I was away… I realised many things… and… among others I realised that I was always being a jerk and if I wanted you to at least like me… I should just
“Couple yes! Mary and John divorced a few months ago. John got in contact with me again and went to visit me at my parents’ place a few weeks ago and then it’s just sort of happened...”
If you have requests or prompts you can contact me either through my Tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com. I also started to do some fanart so you can ask for these too.
“After a while when you were away… and I thought you were dead… these thoughts came back… almost every day… I think that it’s thanks to Greg I… I tried to keep afloat… but I was becoming like my sister Sherlock! I was becoming a drinker… I was so broken… I drowned my sorrow in alcohol until I met Mary who try to convince me to go on… and I almost succeeded… until you came back… and… I was lost Sherlock because my feelings for you came rushing back into my mind making me realise how much of a fool I was to believe I could move on from you… and god knows I was piss poor off without you… I didn’t know what to do… but my love for you was stronger than my anger towards you… and I was so glad that you came back to me… that this time I had the chance to let you know how I feel… though that was difficult too… I had no choice but to forgive you Sherlock… especially after I knew that you did that to save my life a second time…” John stops and starts to cry a little.
yourself, John, we all have a past…” at these words John can see the gaze of Sherlock becoming blank as if he was thinking of some memories… probably some memories of Victor…
“I know mother… It was a stupid idea, probably the stupidest I have ever had but I only wanted to protect him, I swear mother.”
The next day when he comes back he is practically sure Sherlock hasn’t gone out of his bedroom; the food that Mrs Hudson had made him was left untouched on the kitchen table. John had made the decision to
“Two years… Two years… mmmh?” he says feeling the anger rising, with another feeling that he can’t quite identify yet. “I thought, mmh… I thought... you were dead! Mmmh? Now, you let me grieve. Mmmh? How could you do that? How?”
when he had asked him to be his best man at his wedding. He knows that it is a perfectly normal reaction when it comes to Sherlock, his mad man, so he just wait
Thank you so much for all of you who have left kudos and comments on this fic, they really brighten my day and help me see what you like about this story.
He took him everywhere, he still didn’t really talk to us and not at all to me but he was constantly chatting and playing with Redbeard. That dog help him cope with the mourning of Sherrinford, and in a way he replaced him a bit. I warned him not to
“Well I don’t know… You aren’t here often… so it’s probably at your flat!” Sherlock said sounding ruder than he intends to.
“Well if after six years you aren’t ready I don’t know what you’re waiting for… I just think you are afraid, so don’t be. Don’t think about what others will think, or what Mum and Dad would think, what counts is only what you feel. If Sherlock makes you happy, and I know he does then everyone who dares to judge you could go to hell!”
He arrives at the top of the stairs, gritting his teeth from the pain, and directs himself towards John’s bed, which to be honest doesn’t smell
hours, he spit all that Mycroft had told him out to Sherlock, so he knows exactly how much he knows about him. Sherlock didn’t respond. John stays some more and decides to leave.
“Masgravida...” says Molly trying to translate in her head “Oh my god! Are you telling me that you got pregnant after you spend the night with John?”
old like me? Because Mycroft chose to save me, the slow little one, over my twin brother. And I have to live with the question of why it was me who had the chance to survive and not him? Going on and on in my head. Did he t
“I’m serious Sherlock, we can’t put ourselves in danger like this anymore, we have someone who needs us! Both of us!”
to find some decent excuses by sending him away. He is quite sure that John had started to move on with his life, that he w
However I'm not sure I'll be able to post chapter 5 tomorrow, I'll maybe take a bit more time to upload the next ones, it may not be one chapter a day, but more like a chapter every two or three days, I'm sorry but UNI is getting busy and I need to let time to my beta to correct the chapters before I upload them, I hope you understand.
“John...” Sherlock seems serious again, but hesitating and the fear in his eyes is back, even if he is casting them down, John can see it.
, the only missing thing was John’s signature. Attached to this was a paper with the date at which the file has been request
“And I’m certainly glad you weren’t. I wouldn’t have wanted you to see me like that, only Mycroft can enjoy it.”
When he arrives at Baker St at the end of the day, Mrs Hudson is nowhere to be found. He quickly climbs the stairs to his… NO… Sherlock’s flat, ready to yell at Sherlock and to ask where Mrs Hudson and his daughter are. But then he’s suddenly stopped by the view that comes to his eyes! Sherlock is sitting on his chair with what seems to be a childrens book in one hand and in his other arm a sleeping Emily.
'No! This is not the moment to think of Sherlock, concentrate John, drink something.' He takes a sip from his glass: 'What is that?' He almost shouts to himself. '
very far and we both decided to forget it and never talk about it… I probably had some feelings for him but that is nothing compared to the feelings I
“Has something happened to him? Why he isn’t answering me?” says John sitting down at the kitchen table.
“John, I think I already told you more than I should have, so I can’t tell you more I’m sorry… All I can tell you is that you don’t have to worry, he has people looking after him and he is alright.”
“No, she is what I thought I want, what society made me want, the simple life in the suburbs with a wife and kids, but now that I see you, I know that’s not what I want.”
“None taken. I know that you could never have loved me like I used to love you, especially after John came along. I’m glad that we’re friends though.”
“Well I should say, imagination, I just tried numerous times to imagine what it felt like to be kissed by you...”
my brother. I’m sorry I was so suspicious about you by the way but I didn’t want another Victor Trevor around my brother as you can understand.’’
“This last one on the list is a favourite of mine! You might, in fact, say it’s like a face from the past.”
“He better be, this little girl deserves to meet her uncle! But you need to apologise for your stupid ideas!”
“What are you on about? And what does it matter to you anyway? It’s not like we can’t see each other if I marry her...”
“I know. No worries I got over it now Sherlock. I met someone actually, nothing serious yet but I like him.”
After a while when both of their tears have stopped falling, and John is lying in Sherlock’s hospital bed, with curly hair tickling his neck, Sherlock speaks again, remembering suddenly the conversation they had before he fell asleep “John?”
If you have requests or prompts you can contact me either through my Tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com. I also started to do some fanart so you can ask for these too.
. I told him that caring was not an advantage, but as you can imagine, he didn’t listen to me. So when we had to put Redbeard down, he
“Because that’s what people do.” Sherlock says turning away from John. “Every time I love someone, they leave me or eve
to conduct an enquiry in some drug den where Sherlock was. To be short, Sherlock solves his case and his reputation. I, then, negotiate with him that he takes Sherlock on some of his cases to help him out of the drugs. He even
Sherlock opens his eyes and tears falls down from them. John can’t bear this sight and takes him in his arms, trying to calm him and reassuring him.
“Yes London, we are together now, you’re safe...” John enjoys this little moment of stillness from Sherlock to approach him slowly and caress his arms in a soothing motion.
No, he will not go down that road again, he needs to remind himself why he is here. He wanted to ask someone to marry him, yes that’s it. He checks if the ring is still in his pocket. Yes, that’s good. He tries to remember some techniques Ella had taught him to deal with the hallucinations and come back to a sense of reality. He needs to do some simple task to help him determine what’s real and what’s not. Maybe checking the ring in the box might help.
“No!… You’re right, I’m glad you came back, I’m relieved to be honest, even if I was angry at you at first but not for coming back...”
him some decent place to live. Thanks to Lestrade and the cases, my brother was able to overcome his addiction, but he was still lonely and heartbroken if you don’t mind the romanticism of this term. He even started to
John really doesn’t know how to start this conversation but he knows that they need to have it, he can’t let Sherlock drown in his insecurities, especially about them.
Sherlock had confessed his feelings for him. He finally told him all that he ever wanted to hear for years and more, so why he isn’t able to make a move, to tell him that the feelings are mutual. Why can’t he do that?
“He just told me that he just came back from Serbia, and that I was the first to know he was still alive. Well after you obviously...”
“Sherlock, calm down, you’re safe now, you’re in London with me, you’re safe I promise...” John says tears threatening to spill.
“Emily! John! She the most beautiful thing in the world, the best thing that could have ever happened to you! You deserve it! You should have had that beautiful yet normal life, you always wanted, a wife, children, maybe a dog, boring work at the clinic…” John shut him up by placing a finger on his mouth.
“You offered yourself to him and then took everything back away, how would you feel in his position?”
“I know that some people have a hard time accepting it, but that doesn’t mean that it’s bad or unnatural or anything that they would tell you.”
“John” Sherlock says almost like a whisper and John froze. Is Sherlock awake or is he talking in his sleep? Is he aware of his presence or dreaming of him? John asks himself thousands of questions, and stars to panic.
“I know Mycroft and I’m glad that you’re looking after your small brother especially after his drugs problem but you have to accept that he is an adult now and he is capable of taking his own decisions and assume their consequences. Moreover, I think he finds himself a nice doctor to look after him now.”
Once he gets out of his usual appointment, he is happy to know that everything is fine with the baby, even if he is a bit worried that something could go wrong. This last appointment also made him realise that he wish he could share all of this with John. Because John would know what to do to avoid all of these complications, John would take care of him and he wouldn’t be worried because he would know that as long as John would be here, everything would be fine.
But here it is, and to make up for the long wait, I post two chapters in a row. I think it'll probably be the end of this story, I may write a sequel but I'm not sure for now as i've got some ideas for a possible sort of fix-it fic for series 4, we'll see which one I'll write first...
him more than anyone. Of course, when he told him so, Victor abandoned him in some drug den, in withdrawal. My brother
He is falling and pushing the man to the floor, trying to strangle him. He feels people trying to pull him off of Sherlock. But now that he is on top of the man, that he had his hands on him, the reality of it all falls on him and he finally can identify what was the other thing he was feeling, it was relief. He can feel his anger slowly dissipating, as his fists are loosening their grips on Sherlock shirt and neck because now he doesn’t want to hurt him anymore, he just wants to touch him and feel him here with him for real. And suddenly he is crying into Sherlock’s chest.
“It was his idea! He promised that it wouldn’t mean anything, that it was a one-time thing and that we would be done after! I made no promise to him!”
“I know that after what I said today about Willow, you realised that you don’t want a child who would eventually become a small version of me. But she can maybe become slightly better if you’re here John… She might end up a bit more like you in that case, which I understand would be preferable.”
The right moment? What’s that even supposed to mean? And who does Mycroft think he is to forbid me to see his brother? … For God
He takes a deep breath and directs himself to John’s chair. He takes a seat, or rather snuggles up in it, taking in the
“Sure! Sounds really promising this future but what would my consulting detective say about going to bed now, I’m knackered after this day at the clinic and all this talk about our future… we should also try to get as much sleep as we can before Willow wakes up again…”
“You'll need to be careful Willow, looks like the Queen might get jealous of you as Mycroft seems to get you your own guards as a birthday present!” John says to Willow trying to lighten up the atmosphere.
it all in a letter because he can’t possibly think that he could say all of this out loud to Sherlock, but he still wants him to know so they can be equals.
“Is it because of John’s wedding?” Molly could sense that Sherlock was going to deny it and was preparing a lie “Don’t lie to me. You know you don’t have to pretend with me. I saw the look on your face just before you left the reception and you were sad for the few weeks after and then you suddenly disappear.”
“Haven’t really seen them since the wedding, though I think I saw John a few months ago, he was asking about you. Does he know you’re back in London?”
While bigger tears had formed in Sherlock’s eyes… as he remembers it’s not the first time that John had told him these words…
Several weeks had passed since that day Sherlock had taken care of Emily, and John let him take care of her more often now, and he’s quite surprised at the progress she has made since Sherlock takes care of her, she seems more bright, and he has to admits she may be sleeping better… He tried to read her some children stories and even though it’s not as quick as it is with Sherlock, she does fall asleep…
“Maybe you can come with your new boyfriend and we can make sure that he is worthy of you.” Sherlock says with a smile.
John opens the door to Sherlock’s bedroom more quietly than he wanted to. He is met with a Sherlock dressed in nothing but John’s jumper. His bed sheets are on the floor and he is curled up on his bed, and he seems so small like this, no one can imagine that Sherlock Holmes the tall detective can look that small. And John forgets his angriness towards Sherlock. He just wants to look at Sherlock asleep looking like an angel. He isn’t even angry he stole his jumper because he wears it so much better.
Yeah ok I am, I’ve been for a very long time, probably from the day I met him or the next when I save
Both men too occupied to overthink the words Sherlock had just said, they didn’t realise that Emily has woken up and now wants to be heard. She starts to cry in Sherlock’s arms.
‘’Can we just going back to Baker Street, so we can continue what we had started at the beginning of our dinner before you stopped me?’’
“She doesn’t deserve to be a Holmes, the Holmes family is cursed, I mean look at me and my brother…”
“Yes you’re right, I think we can still consult but we let these idiots of Scotland Yard do the leg work… And maybe after a few years, we can stop, I actually have a reconversion plan you know…”
“How can he be the reason that kept you alive when he wasn’t even there with you?” Mycroft raises his eyebrows as if to prove a point.
“Wait, before you do anything you might regret. One question, let me just ask one question. Are you really gonna keep that?” asks Sherlock showing his moustache and laughing.
“Shh shh, Sherlock calm down it is ok… I don’t mind about the middle name… You chose it so, what is it?”
, when I could breathe and see again, Sherrinford was nowhere to be found and Sherlock was unconscious in my arms. At this moment I had to take the biggest decision of my life, go back to the beach with only Sherlock or try to save Sherrinford w
“Love Mycroft, they simply love each other very much. That's how he keeps him around as you said. Speaking of love, have you told your detective yet?”
“I will apologise but later, not now because I don’t want to be with her now, I want to be with you. And I will not ask her to marry me again because I wasn’t even sure I wanted to ask her the first time.”
“I’m sorry it was a stupid idea, I’m willing to admit it! And Sherlock, I’m really sorry for ever suggesting something so cruel even to our standards…”
John is crying and tries to stretch out his hand to wake Sherlock because he can’t take it anymore; he can’t see him suffer like this without doing something…
Hope you like the story, and as always don't forget to leave a kudo or a comment if you enjoyed it :)
Doctor Watson, I’m aware of your little affair with your ex-commander, Major Sholto. It is ok you know, I believe we live in a time where finally you are able to love who you want. So now,
“For the last time, I have nothing to thank you for, as all you did was watching me get beaten until I found my way out.”
“I’m sorry Molly my intention was not to worry you but I just had to go away for a while, clearing my head a bit...”
not only underestimate your loyalty towards my brother the first time we met but also how much good you
sake, if it wasn’t for me, he would probably be dead, killed by Mary on this bloody roof… if… if I didn’t arrive on time… oh god…What if that’s what happened, what if Sherlock had died upon arriving in the hospital and that’s why Mycroft didn’t want him to see him… oh god… oh god… that’s enough, I can’t stand this anymore, I’m going to the hospital and I will see Sherlock alive or… or dead…’’
“Perfectly alright, you have a very healthy child from what I can see. Now I would recommend to take all the rest you can for the next couple of months, and avoid if at all possible all things that can be causes of stress for you. The last months are the most difficult ones, especially in case of masgravida, my last patient who had a normal pregnancy for the first seven months had started to have complications from the seventh month and a half and the baby came 3 weeks early. So I recommend to be careful and to follow these pieces of advices, rest and avoid stress.”
You know what, this sassy comment instead of thanking Angelo, you did it all the time before… well… you know…’’ says John clearing his throat.
Dr Watson, if you may follow me’’ says a woman, but he can’t really see her face, still blind because of the bright light of the day.
“Well not exactly because after that he went in a sort of suicide mission to dismantle Moriarty’s network all around the world in order to remove any threat to you. And I, myself do not know how he survived that, we tried to send him agents to work with him and help him and they all ended up dead.”
to her again… He was always telling me that what she did was a dishonour for the family, that it was not natural to love someone of the same sex, that it was some sort of sickness that need
“I still don’t understand; I mean… how? Why? How? You said… but you said… you were not gay about a hundred times…”
I’m afraid Doctor Watson that you don’t have the choice.’’ and with that he feels a needle in his neck and his vision goes blur
“I mean… I realised a bit too late or a bit inconveniently maybe that I was actually in love with you John...”
“Excuse me for doubting this, but you were about to ask for her hand, it seems pretty serious to me...”
“Please… don’t leave me… I’m sorry… just forget about this John… don’t leave me… we could still be friend
“Tried to relax, solved a few cases by email or over the phone with Lestrade, but mainly trying to take care of myself.”
the life of Sherlock once more. He couldn’t take it now; nobody has the right to take Sherlock away from him once more.
Sherlock is a bit surprised at first and does not know quite how to react at first but then imagine that the best thing to do should be to return the hug so that’s what he does.
here when he had come to take care of him last year after Mary shot him. He takes his favourite and decides to go back downstairs. He take
‘God, why is she so impatient? I need time, for god sake, I can’t just say it like that, I need to make a little speech before, yeah a speech is good.’
Sherlock put a look of disagreement/shock on his face, but Angelo ignores it completely, and John barely
If you had requests or prompts you can contact me either through my tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com
“I didn’t flirt with the woman, it was simply a game, she was the one flirting with me and I never answer
“Why would I hate you?” but Sherlock looks at him with a strange look in his eyes and he just says “Ok...”
“I don’t know the exact reasons why he isn’t speaking to you, but it might be, I think he might be a bit heartbroken, he thinks he lost you, not only has a boyfriend but as his friend too.”
“Because I don’t want to suffer for nothing… If you love her and you want to marry her then go on… But I don’t think you’d need to hear what I have to say in this case.”
Oh and by the way, I forgot to mentions on Chapter 3, I don't know if any of you are doing fanart, but I'd like to illustrate this fic, I don't know maybe doing a drawing or a photo manipulation for the photos Mycroft is showing to John. If any of you is interested in providing some illustrations, please contact me at artsherlocked@gmail.com or through my Tumblr artsherlocked. Of course I'll mention you and redirect to your blog or a website if you have any.
Sherlock yells even more back to English “John! Go away, you’re supposed to be safe! You’re not supposed to be here!”
together, chasing a criminal across London, having dinner at Angelo’s, every time we did something that couples could do, or could be interpreted as a bit intimate, I was dreaming of you, telling you that I loved you but then my father was arriving, he was
“I should hope so! I’m sorry that might come as a shock to you,-” he says turning to Molly “-it surely was at first for us but we are good now, more than good actually! Right love?” He says putting one arm around Sherlock
If you had request or prompts you can contact me either through my tumblr or by sending me an email at artsherlocked@gmail.com
It’s complicated Doctor Watson. And maybe if you stop interrupting me I could have a chance to explain.’’
It’s been a few weeks now since Willow is born and even though John and Sherlock have been busy trying to fit an infant into their new routines as a couple, John can tell that Sherlock is started to go mad staying inside of their flat.
and yes I can make a vow, though knowing your brother he’ll probably deduce in a second that I had a meeting with you. You know that?’’
“Stop taking cases. I mean I can still work on some cold cases at home, so I’ll be there to take care of her and you have your work at the clinic, we could manage.”
Oh Sherlock, you know you didn’t have to do all of this to seduce me, you had me hooked since the day we met… but I’m glad you
“Anything Sherlock.” says John looking at Sherlock verdigris eyes, and he thinks he can see the fear in them.
John opens the file and the first page is a copy of the Vitruvian man of Leonardo da Vinci, with his face glue
“That’s because it’s true Sherlock, I’m not gay, I’m bisexual, but right now, it doesn’t matter because it’s just labels and there is only one person I want to be with and it’s you! Sherlock… I… I… I love you!”
“After I came back… when you had taken care of my wound…When I would wake up because of my nightmares or PTSD… I would climb up the stairs… and I watched you sleep, I was telling myself it was worth it… that everything would be alright…”
“Well I know it’s a lot of changes but honestly you and I, they have seen it coming so it shouldn’t come as a shock, though I agree that Willow might be a nice surprise.” he chuckles.
out… my parents didn’t react well to this news, if you know what I mean… especially my father… he kicked her out of the house for a few weeks, and when she was allowed to come back he never talk
in the army and that it should never happen again, I had some nightmares of my father fighting me because I told him that I was loving another man… I had these nightmares then, and I had them more often when I met you… Every time we were eating take
“I… I had to… I couldn’t continue on living like that… I was seeing him everywhere around the flat… I couldn’t let him go…”
“And it’s fine John, it’s all fine but if you want to have the chance to be happy you need to be the one to make the changes that it takes to…”
“I agree, brother mine! And it will be my honour to put all the resources that I can get to guarantee her protection.”
“Sorry to interrupt I was just wondering how you were doing?” says John “I'm interrupting something aren’t I?” seeing the look of shock on Molly’s face.
“You really think he believed that? He just said that to have a chance to have you, he knew it was probably his only chance!”
‘’Sherlock, 6 years ago in this very room, we lay eyes upon each other for the first time, this is where our story had started, we have had some ups and downs, a lot of crime scenes and difficult cases, some rows, a fake suicide, an emotional death…’’ John says sniffing, a tear falling from his eyes ‘’…a rather violent reunion, a catastrophic wedding, a big lie… Sherlock we are ready to kill for each other and we proved it, we are ready to die for each other and we proved it, now I want to know if you ready to live for me and if you can prove it by spending the rest of your life by my side, because I know I can… Please let me wake up next to you for the rest of my life, wake up to your smile. Listen to your violin when I’m having some trouble to sleep. Kiss you good morning and good night. Make you some tea when we have a quiet day at home and some coffee to help you solve your next case… Let me enjoy our silent moment when we reading, face to each other in our chair in front of a delicious fire… Let me hear you comment whatever crap there is on the telly… Let me have a walk hand in hand with you in Regent Park on quiet day and let me run hand in hand with you after some criminals across London… Let me grow old with you, let me be there for you like you’ve been here for me before… Please Sherlock… let me be your husband…’’ says John more and more enthusiastic and finally getting on one knee in front of Sherlock with the ring he had previously discarded.
I’m not sure, it is my role to say that to you, but as my brother will probably never tell you or at least not before you ha
“John, you have the right to be happy. We all make mistakes. You have the right to want out of this wedding if you feel miserable, believe me, I know from experience, that it doesn’t matter if we said yes at a precise moment at the altar and believe that we had made the right decision, we still get the right to change our mind too! That’s why divorce exist! And believe me, it’s easier than to get your husband executed to free yourself from an abusive relationship!”
He slips the letter under Sherlock’s door, and left the album in the bathroom, so Sherlock could look at it without going out in the corridor if it doesn’t want to.
“I am but don’t try to change the subject! I can see that you’re hiding something else, am I right?”
“Well… I did what you’re supposed to do to make a child fall asleep I assume… reading her a children story while rubbing her back using clockwise circular movement...” Sherlock isn’t sure if he did the right thing by looking at the puzzling look on John face “…That’s not what you do? I’m sorry if I did anything wrong John I just…”
“Yes, a walk around the park at the end of the road or around the blocks. It’s not really what I mean, I mean that you should go out, go see your friends who have missed you.”
“Nowhere, I just realised that I was invading your personal space a bit and that maybe I am unwelcome considering that you’re in a serious relationship with someone else.”
n holiday in our house in the Sussex, Sherrinford died. We were at the sea, and Sherlock and Sherrinford were swimming, then the weather changed quite quickly and a storm started, the water rose and soon Sherlock and Sherrinford
“See you around, John. And don’t forget you’re welcome anytime you like! And if you need a place to stay if things with Mary turn badly, remember that I still have one bedroom unoccupied upstairs.” she smiles, John chuckles.
“I’m not sure to be honest, I think that he’ll miss London, but I think he needs some time away right now, sorting these things out you know…”
“No… I mean… I thought you wouldn’t like or know how to… take care of her… but obviously… you managed… what did you do to make her fall asleep at this hour of the day???”
When the door closes behind him, John takes a deep breath and thinks to himself that maybe Mrs Hudson is right, maybe it’s time for things to change, maybe it’s time to let himself be happy. He decides that tonight, he’ll talk with Mary.
“No, well your security is not more important than any other British citizen for me, however, I can’t say the same for him.” he says again looking at his brother “He would have killed me if I had in any way put you in harm’s way.”
me that dates were when two people who like each other go out and have fun, that’s exactly how I would describe that night, I liked you and I had fun, didn’t you?”
“When you’ll know what you truly want, I think he’ll come round, but you should sort things out too before you talk to him again.”
someone like that… I love him so much it actually hurts sometimes, and I have no idea of what to do… It’s like it’s all new to me… I did have feelings for one man before well not feelings but attraction and I had so much admiration for him but it never was like that, I never th
“Thank you Mrs H." Then after a few seconds of silence he says resigned: "I supposed I should go back to Mary’s.”
“I knew I won’t be welcome here… I apologise for the inconvenience and wish you all the best! To you three!” says Mycroft smiling softly to the child in John’s arm “She really is… beautiful.” he goes to leave the room feeling tears of regrets in his eyes
“I don’t know, but what I know is that it changed him! And that it must be terrible things if he doesn’t want to talk about it!”
“Because I used that thought, that ridiculous thought to keep myself alive… Even though I know that it’ll never be real… But that’s all that I had left… Hope...hope that someone like you can love someone like me a bit...”
“Sherlock… you know I’d forgiven you… I told you that day on the underground… because I thought we would die… and that was before we even knew about her existence so why you needed hope that I’ll forgive you…”
He didn’t realise how much you care about him and neither did I. He really thought that at the end you
“Exile...” Sherlock chuckles “You always were the romantic, trying to make me seem like I’m some sort of poet going into exile or I don’t know...”
“Yes, and of course, continue to take care of yourself and the baby by taking regular meal and following a balanced diet.”
“Well, it seems that your fathers have been busy sweetie, we should probably leave them alone…” Mrs Hudson says standing in the doorway with Emily in her arms.
The next day, after having searched through his entire flat to find that damn jumper, he still can’t find it. And he decides, that he takes it as a case from now, he should solve it, he should find it. He arrives at Baker St quite early that day so he can search through 221B himself to find it before going to work.
“Simply tell them the truth, we can’t hide her away forever you know… Especially now that we are here in Baker St again, they have to know.”
“Masgravida...” says Molly trying to translate in her head “Oh my god! Are you telling me that you got pregnant after you spend the night with John?”
John decides to take a walk to Regent’s Park. He sits on a bench and contemplates this whole situation.
“Is it because of John’s wedding?” Molly could sense that Sherlock was going to deny it and was preparing a lie “Don’t lie to me. You know you don’t have to pretend with me. I saw the look on your face just before you left the reception and you were sad for the few weeks after and then you suddenly disappear.”
slept here in a while. Deceived, Sherlock decides to go to his wardrobe, he knows that John had left some of his jumper in
‘Is he bloody serious now?’ He even hears Mary chuckle a bit surely surprised by his nerve, but that’s enough. He is going to strangle this man. Now.
It’s a very gentle kiss that can replace a thousand words… John kisses Sherlock as passionately as he has never kissed anyone else before he supposes… And after a while Sherlock returns the kiss moaning quietly, hugging John closer…
“Don’t get your hopes up. This is the only expression that I remember from my French class at school and that I actually know how to use. Don’t expect any more from me.” John chuckles.
“I suggest a yellow outfit instead of the red, though they may keep the black hat, it will go well with the bee theme of the nursery!” replies Sherlock joining John on the joke and the two of them starts laughing, Mycroft looking at them confused to what just happened.
“Sounds more like you! And I agree she is bound to be a genius, it’s in her genes I guess I have to prepare myself to be outsmarted in this home.”
Angelo was about to give them their plates but retreats a bit, quietly, in the kitchen, hoping they won’t take it too far.
“Masgravida is still a rare condition and we don’t have enough data to predict accurately who’s at risk and who is not, so even if with the pregnancy you had until now I would be inclined to say no, I prefer to be cautious.”
“Yes Sherlock but more than give her your name… I want you to be her father too… I’m sure that Mycroft can arrange her adoption…” John says
“I have been thinking of reducing my hour at the clinic, working part-time so I have more time for you and Willow.”
It is the text of The Marriage (Same Sex Couples) Act 2013, followed by a page of information on what papers are necessary to get married, and a form to complete and return at a city council to make a reservation to get married. The form was already complete with John and Sherlock’s name
could cheer Sherlock up a bit, and he was quite right. From that day on, Redbeard became Sherlock’s one and only friend.
“Yes it was, I was attracted to him but I never really… well I mean there was one night when we were both quite drunk and we started to kiss and all… but he didn’t
“No you’re not John, I was just finishing catching up with Molly with what happened these last few months. She now knows about Willow. One done, one to go.”
And John realises that Mycroft had actually called him John twice for the first time, not Doctor or Doctor Watson but John and judging by the look on his face, Mycroft is about to say something very personal about his brother.
Thank you all so much for all of your wonderful and encouraging comment, I tried to reply to all of them but I might have missed a few still so I'll try to answer them when I'll have a minute 😊
“This is not the issue, it’s in the past John. What I’m trying to tell you is that you have the right to be happy and Mary as well, I think she is nice enough to deserve someone who truly loves her, and pardon me but I don’t think you do...”
“Well, short version, not dead.” says Sherlock “Bit mean springing it on you like that, I know. Could have given you a heart attack, probably still will. But in my defence, it was very funny.”
“She is, and I’m glad she looks that much like you! Looking so peaceful while asleep… like you…” he says the last two words quieter
Sherlock opens his eyes wide when he notices what John has in hand, especially the piece about wedding information.
some ideas about all the things concerning John’s life so it’s only fair that John knows these things about him too if they want to be equal.
“Good luck with your proposal, Mr. Watson, I’m sure your boyfriend will be a very happy man!” says the seller as he opens the door.
up in hospital few days ago… John… He endured captivity, torture and even I don’t know how much to make sure you would be safe, he sacrificed himself for you without
“I thought… I thought you went back to chasing Moriarty’s network, I was so worried that something might happen to you.”
“Yes, a walk around the park at the end of the road or around the blocks. It’s not really what I mean, I mean that you should go out, go see your friends who have missed you.”
his album. His plan seems to work, Sherlock is not cutting him out completely and seems to accept what he has to offer him for now. He gets up to his old bedroom with his bag to get change
“I did. That’s why I went away, I was panicking and I didn’t want anyone to know in case you let John know, I was terrified, I didn’t know how he would react. So I try to continue as usual for as long as I can until my belly started to show. I told Mrs Hudson and my brother and with his help, I disappeared to the countryside.”
John doesn’t understand the changes in Sherlock’s mood. But he won’t take it, not after he heard what he heard, what he had craved to hear since the day he had worn this jumper and fell in love with Sherlock.
is not the most difficult meal on earth so I suppose with his knowledge level of Italian cuisine he could make it…’’
“I don’t know, John, I think you and Mary need to talk about it, see where you both stand, how does she feels, but if you two come to the conclusion that you are not happy in this wedding than I think it’s worth thinking about it.”
Sherlock knows that someday he has to tell John what had happened to him during these two years as John has quite explained what happen to him, but not now… or they’ll probably flood this bedroom with tears…
What had he said this time? Mrs Hudson has informed him; he was talking and yelling while he had his nightmares, often calling for John… And even once saying that he loves him, and Mrs Hudson had told him that she had already known and he should tell John but he had refused, telling her that he had made his position quite clear, he wasn’t gay and even if he was, he probably won’t choose Sherlock…
“Sherlock stop thinking that I don’t want you! I’ve never been more sure of anything in my life! What I want to talk about is how we will manage between the cases and my work at the clinic… I mean I agree with you that Willow can come for now as she is still little and won’t see anything since she is bundled against your chest anyway, but eventually, she will grow up and we will need to protect her from what might upset her at a crime scene. We would probably have to keep her away to protect her from criminals as well. I mean you and I have made ourselves some enemies throughout the years and I think it would be better if they don’t know about her.”
can’t know the reason why. You will only tell him that it was to sign some papers for your deceased wife, that’ll do it.’’
“But… Is in danger? Did Mycroft send him away on another suicide mission or something? Because I swear I’ll kill him if something happened to Sherlock!”
he realises, he decides to not acknowledge the noise of his stomach as a reminder of his negligence. The thing is
“It doesn’t matter, they didn’t do the stitches properly the first time anyway, this gave them a second chance to do them better, but I have the feeling you were talking about something else...”
him to the floor on his back… John thinks he may actually vomit seeing the picture of Sherlock in these conditions and imagining the pain he had endured and the pain he himself had inflicted
“This is why you didn’t tell me you loved me before? Because you were afraid of what you father would sa
“I promise Sherlock, that whatever happens, I’ll always be there for you! Even if you push me away, trying to keep me safe!”
‘’Oh John, there is nothing more that I would like in my life, I want all of this, I want you with me for as long as I live and after if it’s possible, because I can’t get enough of you even in a lifetime, I love you so much…’’ Sherlock get on his knees too and hug John as strong as he can, crying on the crook of his neck.
doesn’t matter, that’s nothing compared to the pain in his heart at the idea of never seeing John again, never hearing his voice again…
You’re not Sherlock but I know how much you mean to him so it’s the same, from now on, anything you like on the menu is free for Sherlock and for you, you can’t argue with that, I insist. Now is there something that’ll suit you on the menu?’’
“I know that you’re still cross with him for that, and I was too, but he did it for us! To save us! And from what I heard it wasn’t the nicest years of his life for him either!”
“Holmes!” John answers laughing but Sherlock has quite a different look on his face, something like offence or heartache.
“Sherlock, how was I supposed to be waiting for you when I thought you were dead? How? You do know that people don’t expect the dead to come back to life certainly not after 2 years...”
“Danger of death Doctor Watson. You see, Sherlock was not alone on this roof, he confronted Moriarty, whose plan was to make Sherlock either kill himself or see his closest friends die, he had snipers on you, Detective Inspector Lestrade, and Mrs Hudson.”
what John? You don’t have to be confused, if you think you’re bisexual then you probably are, there’s no big deal, you know people
“Promise me that whatever I’m going to tell you, you won’t leave me alone, that you'll still be my friend… Please…” Sherlock says with a look so vulnerable that John thinks he might cry again.
“Sherlock you aren’t cursed; neither is your family… I see your parents… they seem like such ordinary nice people… and while I’m not quite sure about my sentiments towards your brother… I do know that I love you and you aren’t damned, on the contrary you’re an angel, you’re the best and the wisest human being I have ever known…” John says small tears forming in his eyes…
“I didn’t know what to do! I panicked! God I left him there crying with his heart in his hands for me to take after his confession and I had just run away…”
“Interesting thing, a tuxedo. Lends distinction to friends and anonymity to waiters.” ‘God, what is he saying, why does it feels like it’s not in my head? I know, check to see if Mary is seeing or hearing the same thing, it worked before to prove it was just in my head. But judging by her reaction… something is wrong… no, it can’t be possible…’ he suddenly can’t sit still.
Excellent choice, they’re on their way, and for you Sherlock nothing as usual, you don’t want to taste one of my
“None taken. I know that you could never have loved me like I used to love you, especially after John came along. I’m glad that we’re friends though.”
And then he hears Emily cry in her crib. It’s been two months since Mary had been taken away by Mycroft’s men, who made sure that she wasn’t a threat to anyone anymore. To be honest, he doesn’t really know what happened to her, and he really doesn’t want to know. He stopped caring about her the moment she put a bullet in Sherlock’s chest, at that moment she went too far, and if she hasn’t been pregnant and his wife, he probably would have killed her himself when he heard about it. It’s been two months since he became a single dad, two months shared between his work at the clinic, Baker St and his daughter.
“No!” John says quite loud… but that doesn’t really seem to wake up Emily who still sleeps quietly in the crib… Sherlock turns his head towards John surprised…
“I am safe, Sherlock, as are you now, I’m here, just breathe, I’m here.” he says slowly approaching Sherlock.
Sherlock not important to me? On what planet exactly are you living? Sherlock is my best friend, and the best and wisest man I have ever
They arrive at the hospital and quickly rush Sherlock to the A&E to stitch his injuries up again while John waits with Mycroft outside the operation room.
“I pushed them away, John, I should try to apologise but at the same time I was only trying to protect Willow and I, so should I apologise for that?”
Oh John I can assure you that what he felt for the woman was purely admiration for her intelligence and her power but that is not love, and when it comes to Janine, nothing happen
slide to show a picture of an arrogant and posh boy about 20 years old and John instantly hates him.
“No you’re not John, I was just finishing catching up with Molly with what happened these last few months. She now knows about Willow. One done, one to go.”
“I asked Mrs Hudson this morning, but she didn’t seem to know… have you seen my grey jumper lately?... It’s been quite a while since I have seen it…”
“Not quite. Molly a lot of things have changed since I’ve been away and you might want to sit down to hear what I’m about to tell you. Do not worry though I’m alright, I’m quite well actually.” he says smiling.
can even let himself imagine that he is John’s arms and with that idea in mind, he falls asleep in John’s chair.
Ok as you want Doctor Watson, but know that if you hurt my brother, I will personally take care of you!’’ says Mycroft with the most menacing tone he can do, and in his case it’s pretty menacing but that’s not nearly enough to
by a wasp that I had mistaken for a bee during my observations, and he died because he was allergic to them. I’m sure that he told you that when Lestrade had rescued me from the drug den I was practically out of my mind
“No don’t say anything, you were right, you probably need to sleep, let me push you to your bedroom and help you to bed.”
“Before John’s wedding yes 2 days before to be exact the night of his stag night. We were a bit intoxicated and I wanted to have him just for myself at least once, it was my last chance...”
‘’No! You truly amazed me everyday, I can’t predict your reactions, I can deduce you easily, but there is always something that I miss with you, something that I can’t quite get right, something very yours… I think that’s what makes me love you…’’
Hope you like the story, and as always please leave kudos and comments to let me know what you're thinking ;) It really means a lot to me  :)
“What if I promise not to be angry? And there is something I want to tell you, something I want to vow, which is that tonight was the first and the last time that I physically assaulted you, I want to deeply apologise for it.”
“Oh! Oh… Well, I don’t think I want to pursue our relationship anymore...” and it's John’s turn to look away now.
Oh god yes, that’s why they are here, he can’t exactly go back now, and anyway it won’t exactly be moving on if he doesn’t do it.
“Sir, I think you’ll find this vintage exceptionally to your liking. It has all the quality of the old with some of the colour of the new.”
And John thinks to himself; fuck it! He isn’t afraid of Mycroft and Sherlock has the right to know what he knows about him, he doesn’t want more
Today is the day, John had decided. Today is the day, he will ask Mary Morstan to marry him. He had thought a hell of a lot about where he was to take her to ask her. A restaurant seems the most fitting place, well at least it is one of the basic ways to ask, not taking a lot of risks then. It’s perfect, he had thought. But the question of 'where?' had been troubling him for some time until, almost out of nowhere, he thought about The Landmark.
' says Sherlock and he hears Mary chuckling, but he has to agree with them. He clears his throat ready to formulate his thought a little more comprehensively, he has never been good with this… Where was he now? Oh yeah “If you could see your way to...”
John can feel his eyes welling up, he shuts back the ring box and puts it in the middle of the table as if to say ‘no thanks’. The fact that he is thinking of Sherlock and imagining how he would smile if he would ask him to marry him is very wrong when he is supposed to think of his future wife. He’s trying the breathing technique that Ella taught him to refocus, but he can feel it isn’t really working.
“Well I know it’s a lot of changes but honestly you and I, they have seen it coming so it shouldn’t come as a shock, though I agree that Willow might be a nice surprise.” he chuckles.
‘’Yeah actually I’ve just met him the morning of this day, he was attempting to make a boring conversations with me as always as when he comes around here, and I was telling him that I’ll probably be short of money to pay for a new flat I had found after I’d been kicked out on my former one, and I would probably be reduced to ask for help from my brother, he then suggest me to get a flatmate, to which I respond ‘’ Come on, who would want me for a flatmate? ’’
“You shouldn’t apologise for wanting to protect yourself and our child especially when we know the circumstances in which you were in but you should not push them away now for fear of what might happen. These people are our friends Sherlock, they only want to see us happy and know that you’re alright ok? They will understand the distance that you put between them and you once you will have explained.”
Here is a picture of the Holmes family taken when Sherlock was about 4 years old. The little boy you see next to him, who looks just like Sherlock
Sherlock is a bit surprised at first and does not know quite how to react at first but then imagine that the best thing to do should be to return the hug so that’s what he does.
, I heard that it is possible to write a hidden message only visible with a magnifying glass, could you do that as well ?”
John looks up to Sherlock eyes and let it all go, everything he wants to say coming easily to his mind as he looks at the man he love:
“If Mycroft would agree then…” John chuckles a bit. “Anyway, you were saying something about moving to somewhere quieter.”
“He was my best friend, of course, I will be affected by his death” yelled John in the waiting room, people turning to look at him “Honestly, you are the stupidest men I have ever known when it comes to sentiments, and caring.”
“You… Sherlock I want you! I don’t know if you see yourself in this life you’d just described, but I really can imagine us married, raising Emily, having a dog if you want one, we can even call him Redbeard if you want, we can still take some cases, but quiet ones, not the ones that involve too much danger… because as you said we can’t do that, anymore… Can we?”
‘’Oh yeah…’’ says John recomposing himself, ‘’I wanted to ask you something, and I wanted to ask it right this time, choosing the right place, and I hope the right time…’’
“Something only John needs to hear, and not you with your gigantic ears, now if you can leave us alone, I believe you might have other business to do, you know like starting wars and all that.”
“There, it’s better with the candle, you were right Angelo, it’s more romantic, and I want this dinner to be
“John, he left your wedding early! Your best friend! And you should have seen the sad look on his face the following days…”
you how much you mean to me by asking you to marry me, I know that it was stupid… That was probably the lack of sleep or I don’t know why, wh
Oh and one more thing, I want this day to be the last one you apologise for what you’ve done, I said I’d forgive you before, for leaving me for two years, and I meant it, I don’t want you to spend you entire life apologising for this, ok? I want us to move on from this, ok?’’
“No!!!!!!!!!!!...No!!!!!!!!!!...” he yells and moves violently in his bed, grasping his sheet his knuckles turning white. John takes a few steps closer, standing next to the bed without knowing what to do.
his life. But Mycroft, I don’t think your brother feels things that way, or at least not for me… The closest he came to love was with the woman or maybe Janine…’’
Sherlock had indeed done some research since the day he deduced Mary was pregnant, preparing himself as if he was going to be a parent, but he quickly realised, he will never have the chance to practise really. To be honest, he is a bit disappointed that John hasn’t asked him to take care of Emily while he’s at work, but then he didn’t blame him… how anyone can trust him to take care of a baby while he can’t even take care of himself. But today, he had seen his chance to prove himself, he had quickly deduced this morning that Mrs Hudson was running out of quite a few things in her kitchen and so she would have to do some shopping, she could have waited ‘til John gets back from work sure, but Sherlock has spent the day literally trying to convince her that this hour of the day was the best to do her shopping and that he happily takes care of Emily without problems. He doesn’t really know how but at some points he succeeded.
“Yes, sorry, we apologise for the disturbance, we are leaving now.” says John getting up. “Come on now Sherlock, get up.”
“Sherlock, listen to me, if that thought is what kept you alive, it’s not ridiculous at all! Do you hear me! And I’m sorry too...”
“What colour do you reckon for the nursery? I was thinking a light yellow, we could maybe even do a bee theme?” says John rocking Willow in his arms, in a chair next to Sherlock hospital bed.
As Sherlock has not arrived yet, John wants to take advantage of his absence to check if what Mycroft said about the file is true. So he goes to Sherlock’s bedroom and opens the drawer of his bedside table and indeed there is the file right here.
'Thank god!' thinks John, someone to help. “Eh yeah, I’m looking for a bottle of champagne, a good one!”
“Yeah, I’ll try to...” John chuckles “Listen,… when you say you were stupid, that hope altered you faculty of prevision and that you didn’t imagine your return to be like that, what did you mean?”
“Asleep or awake it’s still true John, I do love you, more than anything, more than my own life…but I think you already know that… I’m sorry by the way…”
“I know. No worries I got over it now Sherlock. I met someone actually, nothing serious yet but I like him.”
“But that’s the thing, I’m not doing anything, I’m reading and taking walks around my parents’ house, nothing that requires too much energy, and I still feel as tired as if I ran around London all day long!”
find another Mary, though he hopes not another assassin, he makes a note to asks Mycroft to keep an eye on his frequentations so he stays safe.
“Absolutely! Now if you want me to come along let me know, we can bring Willow downstairs to Mrs H, she'd be delighted, I don’t think we should take her to meet them just yet… We need to let them digest these new proceedings first I think...”
again Sherlock, seriously?’ he hears himself saying in his head ‘it’s only been a few hours… I can’t trust my mind.’
They arrive at St Bart’s and as agreed they are going together but Sherlock will go in alone to speak to Molly, at least for a bit.
“Mycroft wait.” Sherlock, sensing his brother's distress and sincerity, interrupts him as he puts his hand on the handle “I believe that we may need your help.”
“Sherlock calms down, what are you talking about?” asks John placing a reassuring hand on Sherlock's arm.
“Actually, I think I will choose to spend more time with you over anything, I was so devastated when I saw you jump. I was so broken, to think that I could have helped, that I could have seen how you were feeling so down that you wanted to take your own life, and that I didn’t. Now, that life is giving me a second chance to be by your side again, to have my best friend again, I would give anything it takes, not to have this second chance taken away from me, Sherlock.”
“No, I’m quite sure, I checked. Excuse me.” he says taking a napkin wetting it a bit and rubbing off his fake moustache. “So, does yours rub off too?”
- Nothing has been written in advance so updates will depend on how much I am able to write depending on my schedule
taken me here or elsewhere so I could eat and you can watch me eat but not touch any of your meal? Again, I’m not sure it could be
Well, we sure need to check who is the naughtiest of us Captain Watson’’ says Sherlock sitting down on his chair.
for you, pretending you don’t know them or… you can decide to love my brother as he definitely deserves after all he has been through… So Doctor Watson, what is your decision?’’
“No that’s a good plan! It’s just a bit surprising, though I guess I should have seen it coming with all these books you made me buy about bees whenever I was travelling for my medical conferences.”
“No! No! You didn’t do anything wrong! Oh god! Sherlock!... I mean it’s been for more or less two months that she didn’t really fall asleep easily and wakes up at god knows what hour at night… so to make her fall asleep at this hour is almost a miracle really…. And me who believed you didn’t know a thing about children!” John let out a laugh and Sherlock smiles closing the book he had in one hand, putting it away, hugging Emily with both arms.
John bites Sherlock’s bottom lip, his tongue begging for more, and Sherlock let him deepen the kiss…
way under his door, and then the bathroom door opening and then closing again, and the footsteps moving away.
“Well, that's quite simple actually, first John kissed me and then we went to my bedroom and then he took out his penis and...”
The seventh month of his pregnancy is rather the same as the previous one for Sherlock. He stays at his parents, and does his monthly visits at the very nice clinic that Mycroft had found him, near their parents cottage, where he plans to give birth.
Suddenly Sherlock shifts in his sleep and John worries he made too much noise and woke him though he doesn’t know how, because it seems like he was standing in the doorway for several minutes without moving. But Sherlock, who has turned himself towards the door, still has his eyes closed and seems fast asleep.
“Oh Sherlock…” John says hugging him and placing a small kiss on his lip “you have nothing to worry or be sorry about ok?”
A moment passes, John gets up from the bed, and even though Sherlock still seems angry, he also looks hurt, and John can’t stand it. He doesn’t want to hurt him anymore, he can see it in his face, in his eyes, in his demeanour, in everything that he is already a broken man, and that he had endured far worse than just the absence of his best friend by his side, during this two years. He walks to the end of the bed. And the angry facade of Sherlock seems to deteriorate with every step it takes being replaced by sadness, and then it occurs to him that Sherlock probably thinks he is leaving, what he promised not to do just a few minutes ago, and Sherlock hasn’t even told him the big thing he wants to say yet. He stops and looks directly into Sherlock's eyes, and he can see him brace himself for whatever thing John is going to say.
A few minutes later, he is in his car pulling up in front of Baker St to leave Emily to Mrs Hudson while he goes to work. She’s the only person that he really trusts, well apart from Sherlock, but he doesn’t really know how to ask Sherlock to keep an eye on Emily, and he isn’t quite sure he knows how to take care of a child… forgetting to feed her as he forgets to feed himself, so Mrs Hudson it is.
‘Oh, you are only getting that now?’ And suddenly it’s too much, John punches the table in order to avoid hitting the man in front of him.
“Absolutely! Now if you want me to come along let me know, we can bring Willow downstairs to Mrs H, she'd be delighted, I don’t think we should take her to meet them just yet… We need to let them digest these new proceedings first I think...”
“No I love it Sherlock, I absolutely love it, that you gave your old crib to Emily and moreover personalised it with her own initials… though they aren’t quite right… you know she doesn’t have a middle name… so what does the H stand for, Sherlock?”
I’m coming to this Doctor, but first I have to make sure that you are ready to hear what I have to say. You have to listen to me through all of it and make a vow that nothing that will be said today between us
John looks at the ring box in his hand, it’s not how he imagined it moments ago when he was thinking about proposing to Sherlock, and the inside definitely brings him back to reality as this is not a man's ring but a woman’s and he is not about to ask Sherlock to marry him simply because the man had decided to take his own life in front of John's eyes 2 years ago.
“Yeah, yeah. Me? Fine. I am fine...” His usual sentence he has been repeating for 2 years now when people ask if is ok or how he is, it’s almost automatic and if he tries very hard he almost believes it, but then usually the hallucinations come back to remind him that is not really the case. That made him smile and chuckle at the misery his life had become.
“Well I have to check something in the flat actually, so I’ll try not to wake him… I’ll let you take Emily…”
“You’re welcome dear, I just want to see you two happy, and I know that you’re capable to make each other happy if only you’d try!”
As some of you had requested Willow to meet the other characters of the show I will probably start with these meetings first then write a few of my ideas
I know but again I’m not sure that my definition was the most accurate one, and Sherlock, you definitely can’t qualify searching for clue on a dead body on a crime scene, a date.’’
approximate measurements of John Hamish Watson' and some numbers scribbled under it. The following shows physical details of John Hamish Watson: 'eye colour: a very deep ocean blue… Birth marks: unknown, physical injuries: one ball hole on his left shoulder though never observed…' The following one
“John, I’m gonna ask you something, and please be honest with me, I won’t judge and I won’t tell, but are you truly happy with Mary?”
“Sorry sweetheart! I didn’t mean to wake you up… I’m sorry… shh shh it’s okay!” He says quietly to her while rubbing her back and that’s all it takes to make her quiet again.
“Oh my god, Sherlock, I’m sorry for what happened to you, I wish I could have been there to get you out.”
“Well as I suspected nothing wrong with the lack of energy, your blood pressure is normal. Now let’s do the ultrasound. Lie down on this chair, and unbutton your shirt please.”
“I don’t believe you. You can’t have deduced it when I arrived; you were not in a state to make deductions…”
‘’Even though it’s immensely tempting, no Sherlock, we’re not going back to Baker Street before I showed you my last surprise of the night’’
“Gentlemen, I must ask you to leave our restaurant, as you have caused a disturbance to our fellow members.” a man suddenly says coming to them.
“Anyway we just continued as if nothing happened, after all, John was getting married it wasn’t the time for a big reveal. But a few weeks after I learnt that I had a sort of condition… nothing bad, nothing deadly, just something that gives me some special capacities. It’s called masgravida and as I’m sure that you have some basis of Latin due to your medical background, you can guess what sort of capacities that give me.”
“No stop it Mycroft! I will never let you say that! John is the reason why I am still alive today and I didn’t die during what you like to call this ‘suicide mission’, he is what kept me going on as you were wondering why I did not die. And for the faking my death part, there is no one else to blame than Moriarty and you know that!”
“W S S H, what does it means?” John asks himself and suddenly he kicks himself as he realises “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, that’s the whole of it… if you’re looking for baby names” he hears Sherlock says in his memory. And he suddenly wants to cry as he realises he is looking at Sherlock’s crib, the very crib that has seen Sherlock grow up from a baby to a toddler…
had taken would not be good for him, he is practically sure, that John would repeat once again that he is not gay, that he will maybe stay but only if Sherlock forgets about his feelings for him,
“John, I… when I was away, you were the only thing I was thinking of… I was telling myself that even if I was suffering it was worth it because you were safe and happy here in London, away from danger and suffering…”
“First I expected to find you at Baker Street, I didn’t think you would have moved out… I thought you liked this place... I know stupid...”
“I agree, I am the best thing that could have happened to you.” ‘Well, that sounds like something Sherlock would say’ he chuckles to himself.
‘’Seriously John? You’re taking me to Barts, you do know that even though it will sound bizarre to you I am in no mood to run some experiments, or take a look at some dead bodies right now…’’
“Don’t sell yourself short John, you are a doctor, of course, you’re smart! And if that’s not proof enough you are the only person that I can tolerate for more than two minutes without being bored. You’re fascinating!”
“Well I have to explain when and how Willow was conceived no? Don’t worry, I didn’t give too many details.”
That will take us to his fake suicide. My brother and I made an agreement before he meet up with Moriarty, he knew that this game would have to come to an end eventually and the sooner, the better. As we plan
“I should hope so! I’m sorry that might come as a shock to you,-” he says turning to Molly “-it surely was at first for us but we are good now, more than good actually! Right love?” He says putting one arm around Sherlock
“Exactly, I knew the moment I saw you at the door and how he was looking at you, that he was completely smitten with you. But you were not ready apparently.”
John thought for one second that he’d seen a look of panic in Sherlock’s eyes, but it leaves as quickly as it comes. And Sherlock shrugs:
No you won’t, I owe so much to Sherlock, and I can’t let you pay for your first proper date apparently.’’ he winks at Sherlock.
“Yeah, I wasn’t glad at first, that he lied to me… but now I am relieved that he is back and worried...”
“I already told you a million time my name is Mycroft, not Myc or any of your ridiculous surname! And I’m fine. I was calling to enquire how is Sherlock? My report says that the child is born, it also says that Dr Watson has been seen leaving Baker St along with Mrs Hudson, might I deduce that the Doctor is now in the confidence?”
“I watched you quite often… asleep on the sofa, asleep on your armchair… on your bed…” he answers his voice going quieter with every word he says
extreme as bringing the excuse of a date… you know’’ says Sherlock looking at the table with a mocking look.
a date later, love, don’t worry…” John says going back to Sherlock and placing a small kiss to his lips.
“I won’t marry anyone else, I won’t leave you alone again I promise, I have made bad decisions this past few months, first I marry Mary which was probably the biggest mistake of my life and nothing good has come out of it…”
John smiles too, he is surprised he didn’t have to face a shocked face or whatever mean comment. He is actually happy at the man
And that's where he would have asked him to marry him, of course, once they would have talked about their feelings in the safety of their home, once he had admitted to the consulting detective that he was in love with him. He could have chosen Angelo’s but he thinks that maybe Sherlock would have deserved something better as an engagement date. And this is a very posh restaurant and in a way that reminds him of Sherlock, he always had seemed a bit posh to John.
“John… don’t… don’t… don’t die… please don’t…don’t leave me… John… stays…stays with me don’t leave me… please don’t leave me alone… no no no… John…”
“But again, I was pretty stupid to think that you’d have waited for me, that you’ll be happy to see me, happy that
“John it’s not… it’s not…” Sherlock is trying to explain though maybe the lack of food is playing a role on all of this and not just the look of John.
“Oh John, whatever happened to me did not alter my faculty of observation and deduction, even though hope did alter my faculty of prevision. But I know that you were going to ask her to marry you, and that’s fine, absolutely fine, I’m so sorry I messed it up, but I’m sure that if you go and call her now she will eventually forgive you. You can go, I’ll be fine, I’m probably going to need to sleep anyway...”
And suddenly John remembers his first meeting with Mycroft in the abandoned warehouse, and how his attitude makes more sense to him now. Mycroft genuinely cares about his brother, even though he doesn’t really know how to proceed with him.
“John… when I was…” he looks down “...away… I realised something...I… discovered what my… feelings” he spits trying to pretend he was still offended by the word itself, Mycroft’s doing probably, thinks John. “I… I don’t know how to explain it John….”
He slowly places her in Mycroft arms and says “Willow Joanna Watson Holmes let me introduce you to your uncle Mycroft!”
I wanted to thank you all for your support on this fic! Each kudo and comment I have received, have really warmed my heart and kept me going, encouraging me to continue to update this fic ❤❤❤
And as he takes another look at the initials, he realises they are not the only ones, there are others below them: EHW, first it seems to be the initials of Emily but why the H, she doesn’t have a middle name, Mary didn’t want it… He is a bit confused… Or maybe…no it couldn’t! Sherlock didn’t do that! The H couldn’t stand for Hol…
the drugs that I had taken because I was stupid enough to think that a guy like Victor could love a guy like me. Did he
“Yes, and I did convince him of having a plan B in order not to kill himself if Moriarty did not give him a choice.”
John arrives at the top of stairs and sees all Sherlock’s discarded clothes on the floor, especially his coat, his armour. He appears in the doorway, looking with wide eyes at Sherlock wearing his jumper.
“I know! And that’s why I’m sorry but I saw it lying around and you were supposed to leave, to leave me so I wanted a reminder of you… A reminder of that day… I’m sorry John but… if you promise to stay I will give it back to you, I wouldn’t need it anymore…” He says slowly taking it off.
And Molly relaxes a bit sitting on a stool of the lab, Sherlock sits in the stool opposite taking a big breath.
“I think we can say that yes...” John chuckles and Sherlock smiles “Maybe we can go somewhere else more private?”
“So of course I forgive you… you idiot…” He hugs Sherlock who has been crying through all of his declaration…
“Oh John, I don’t know really, it seems that deep down I have always known, but what is this about?”
And Molly relaxes a bit sitting on a stool of the lab, Sherlock sits in the stool opposite taking a big breath.
“Not quite. Molly a lot of things have changed since I’ve been away and you might want to sit down to hear what I’m about to tell you. Do not worry though I’m alright, I’m quite well actually.” he says smiling.
how human you can be sometimes, though I’ve caught a glimpse of this part of you well before this…’’
‘’Actually I could, I was drown in your eyes, your eyes which after all these years I can’t actually name the colour, I was impressed by your deductions, your character, your beauty, you…’’
as far as what I have gone through in Serbia to make sure you will not die because of me like Sher and Redbeard,
be finished you have to make a decision, I hope you will make the good one, one way or another you can be sure that I’ll respect whatever decision you make. Are you ready Doctor? The vision you have of my brother may change after hearing what I’m about to say.’’
radiating confidence whereas for Sherlock it’s all new territory and he doesn’t quite know how to act.
“When Sherlock told me he was pregnant, I thought he wouldn’t be capable of taking care of this child and I stupidly suggested that he gave her away to an orphanage.”
me… I was thinking that what I was feeling for you was not good… and that you were not feeling things like this… or even if you
“I mean maybe it doesn’t matter, whatever the schools won’t teach her, we would and she’ll be a genius anyway…”
“Do I?” she laughs “I think that it does not simply like you, dear, I think that he is in love with you, has been since the beginning if you ask me, that’s why it was so hard for him to accept you marrying someone else, especially after you two had sex.”
“And if I told you that I don’t want to marry her, that I don’t even want to be in a relationship with her, that if someone told me that I won’t be able to see her again if I choose to stay here with you, by your side, I wouldn’t care less and choose you anyway, would you believe me?”
“I… Yes. Baker St would still feel a bit like home to me. Even when he wasn’t there anymore, I didn’t want to be anywhere else…”
I don’t know, maybe you do not want any more drama after this fiasco with your wife and it can be the right moment to start a new life…’’
“Wait are you telling me that not only you and John are an item now but you also have a child together?”
‘’I was working on a case for Lestrade as well as a personal experience which consisted on determining how long after death bruises from riding crops still forms.’’
“John, I pushed this forgiveness… I never thought you would say it… but saying you forgive me just before you’re supposed to die… well it doesn’t really… it doesn’t sound so real you know… I thought you didn’t mean it… and I still think you haven’t entirely forgiven me… I know that there is this part of you… that probably hates me… and will always do so…”
But after a few minutes, the peaceful face of the curly hair man turns to anguish, John looks attentively at him. Suddenly Sherlock who was lying on his back starts to move from one side to another swinging through the air with his arms, and John immediately recognises these signs, he knows them quite well and knows that they mean horrible nightmares.
John gets in the back of the ambulance without any trouble, they don’t even ask if he is family, but then he sees who the man sitting in the front is, and he probably has to do something with it.
“Before John’s wedding yes 2 days before to be exact the night of his stag night. We were a bit intoxicated and I wanted to have him just for myself at least once, it was my last chance...”
“I mean somewhere in the countryside, maybe buy a small cottage with a place suitable for keeping bees.”
“No actually, it’s for… my boyfriend…” There he said it, and he now feels ready for whatever comment will come from the seller.
He moves as quietly as he can manage on his way downstairs, feet automatically landing on the bits that won’t squeak.
The world sways just a bit when he stands.  He closes out his tab, assures the lady behind the bar that he has no intentions of driving, and then he is walking on wobbly legs into the chill of the night.  He doesn’t fancy going home, so he turns away from the house.  As he walks by a bus stop on the pavement, he laughs out loud as a bus screeches to a stop just as he arrives.  Fucking hell.  Why not?
“I always heard you,” the voice replies.  “Even when I didn’t want to. Even when I covered my ears.  Even when I shut my eyes.”
When he opens his eyes again, it is to the sounds and smells of John making breakfast in the kitchen. Sherlock has to know. So he goes to where John is to ask him, “Why though? Why is that the best scene?”
John doesn’t let him finish the thought. He has to know. He runs a finger over a well-healed mark high on his left shoulder blade. Sherlock doesn’t pull away. “What is all this, Sherlock?” he says, and he hears the hitch in his own voice now.
He collapses an empty box, starting a stack he’ll take to recycling later.  The next box down eventually joins it. And the next. He isn’t an old man, he thinks.  There is absolutely no reason for this much stuff; he can’t possibly have actually created, collected, and then stored all of this.  He boggles at the amount--of odd trinkets, of no-longer-important papers, receipts for cigarettes and old takeaways that got somehow mixed in.  Evidence of the places he went, reminders of places he will never go again, echoes of the young man he was. All of them, all these insignificant, forgotten things, somehow remind him of the steps and decisions that have led him here, to who he is now.
There is no dust now, not even any clutter.  No post on the pristine mantel. So much looks the same, but it’s not.  Oh, it’s
Sherlock moves toward him, humming pensively. He makes his way into John’s space, speaking in a low rumble. “Peas and adventure stories and tricks to finish eating the chicken? Not so different.” He is so close that John has to look up to hold his eyes. His entire body is buzzing.
over the frustration of not having any more stairs left once they’ve reached the bottom.  Then, it’s back to the lobby again at her vociferous indignation at having to climb the stairs to get back to their seats.  She won’t be diverted with any of the toys from her bag.  She won’t shut her eyes in the dark and let herself rest.
He hears Sherlock’s soft gasp behind him, thumb more intentional as he brushes again, testing the difference in texture, warming quickly to match the temperature of the skin beneath it.
?  He turns around twice, aimless, wondering if he should grab some pajamas and leave, perhaps kip on the sofa.  But because he doesn’t
He doesn’t get to finish because Harry starts to laugh. “Oh, Johnny.” She places a hand over his own.  “I’m just sorry you didn’t do this two years ago!”
Over dinner, Sherlock listens as John tells the story of how he and Mary met, their absolutely awful first date, their absolutely wonderful second one. He watches the lines of John’s face as he speaks, the unbridled affection in them as he looks to Mary, and something inside Sherlock’s stomach turns. He has a bite of salad and another sip of wine. The salad doesn’t help, but the wine does.
“Fine.” And Sherlock does. He lets the film play out, stays put as John goes up to his room for bed. He does not move from the sofa. Hands steepled at his chin, he finds that he’s still wondering about John, about his fascination with this particular abomination of cinematic romance,
Sherlock hums, a noncommittal sound that could mean anything at all. It’s a deflection, but he doesn’t care. He can’t think about work in this room (can’t
Now, they’re just--in his way, attacking his toes far too often in his pre-caffeinated morning minutes.  Nothing in them is all that important; old papers and case notes, a few boxes Mycroft sent him from storage after he returned from the dead, years ago now.  He could probably bin the whole lot and not miss a thing. He rips the seam in the tape with a pen from his desk before lifting the lid on the top one. He sighs and begins to make some decisions:  Stay or go? Trash or treasure?
At the pavement outside of 221b, Sherlock pauses and turns to him. He sips from his coffee, exhaling through his nostrils as he does. When he pulls the cup away, there is a drop of coffee clinging to Sherlock’s lower lip, threatening to fall, and John doesn’t know what possesses him, he really doesn’t, but he reaches forward, catching it with the side of his index finger. He mentally blames it on parenthood, on having done this for Rosie about a million times recently, on simple muscle memory.
“Stay,” Sherlock says against his ear, velvet soft, lips and humid warmth brushing just there, brushing, brushing.  “Stay.”
At seven, John wakes up with a slight headache, a dull pressure behind his eyes. He pinches the bridge of his nose, curses allergy season, takes some ibuprofen, and gets on with it. His sinuses start to sting by nine o’clock, and by ten, he can feel the burn move all the way down the left side of his throat from the drainage. Stupid allergies. The forecast has rain this afternoon, so it should all clear up soon, he tells himself. He resolutely ignores the little voice in the back of his head reminding him that he doesn’t have allergies.
He listens to John pouring water and shuffling about the kitchen, watches silently as John retraces Sherlock’s own route from earlier, trying to coax in any sort of relief from outside, and falling short.  He is shirtless, and even despite the dim, Sherlock can easily see the large scar covering his shoulder.  Its texture dips and rises in the available moonlight, silver and intricate.
Sherlock rattles a glass with ice in.  “Got some already.” John hears the sofa groan as he shifts to standing.
“Good, John,” Sherlock says, genuinely happy for him.  And genuinely happy at the implication of part time work; John still wants to work with him, too.  His hand reaches out to find the top of John’s arm, where he gives it a squeeze.  He doesn’t know why, but this is how it’s becoming now.
John presses in, just a bit, butting his shoulder against Sherlock’s arm.  “This is-- this is lovely, Sherlock,” he says, keeping his voice at the quietest whisper he can manage.
They take a case—a relatively calm one with no human lives at stake and a lot of following-the-money.  It does end with a rather brilliant run through the London Zoo and everything back as it should be, and Sherlock gets to see John truly smile for the first time in—far too long.  His fringe is sweat-stuck to his forehead in places, and he catches Sherlock’s eyes with a twinkle in his own and after they briefly speak with the police and zoo security.  John lets his hand linger at Sherlock’s back as they begin the short walk home.
They wrangle a squirmy, protesting Rosie into her pushchair, sun lotion applied, hat on, and finally out to the pavement.  She quiets the very moment they start moving, settled by getting a bit of breeze against her sweaty face.  They do their best along the crowded footpaths, moving through and with the throngs of other people out here for the same reason that they are.
The rain is coming down in buckets while John is working at the surgery. Should Sherlock interrupt for a case? Surely, something from the website would do—a prop, an exposition, an excuse. He scrolls through until he finds something sufficient. He sends a text informing Mrs Haggard that he would be by later that day to discuss the circumstances of her missing nephew.
“We don't know a thing about each other. I don't know where we're meeting, I don't even know your name,” the voice says, breaking through.  It’s clipped but calm, and perhaps a touch amused.   Sherlock breathes, and the noise quiets, the fall slows to floating.  Everything important begins to slot into place. This is the voice that matters. Stay here. “And we’re going to look at a flat--”
“Sorry,” she says, biting her lip. “That took a bit longer than I expected.” She turns to Sherlock, smiling. She bends down to kiss him on the cheek. “Good to see you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock arranges a sitter for Rosie for the evening and invites John for dinner, doing a proper shop at Tesco because he will need bread and tea and milk and possibly even the bottle of whiskey, one way or another.
Molly knows she should turn him away and get back to her dinner.  But her very body won’t let her.  Despite everything—she does.  Love him.  She can’t make herself make him go.  Shakily, she feels herself nod and opens the door before turning and letting him follow her inside.
Sherlock, and he can feel the fabric of his shirt meet the fabric of his own, and then his torso is against John’s as he presses in just
When John straightens, he makes eye-contact with Sherlock, squeezing his arm where his hand had been resting.  “Thank you, Sherlock.”
While John is off bathing Rosie and getting her tucked in for the night, Sherlock has an idea and sends a text before he can overthink it.  He is likely setting himself up for monumental rejection, but he finds that he just doesn’t care. The plan could work, and even if not as intended, this plan would only rise property value and increase general practicality.
Rosie plays with her peas as she eats them, and John gets her to actually eat her chicken by making Sherlock match her bite-for-bite, which Rosie thinks is hilarious. John leaves Sherlock in the lounge as he gets Rosie bathed, teeth cleaned, pajamas on—and when he and Rosie return, the dishwasher is whirring softly, and Sherlock is reading one of John’s medical journals on the sofa.
The quiet surrounds him, skittering beneath his skin, prickling uncomfortably, reminding him too strongly of all his other first nights in empty-now houses.  He taps two fingers against the kitchen worktop and decides on filling the kettle for something to do, distracting himself with a task: best go with decaf this late, one mug from the cupboard, watch the kettle (wait).
Sherlock wakes to soft puffs of breath against the back of his neck, a thigh warm against the back of his own.  He smiles into his pillow.
“I want you to see this room as well.  And, before you do... I know that I-- I mean to say--”  Again, Sherlock is stumbling over his own words, brain fighting with the pounding of his heart.
He feels the kiss, feather light against his knuckle, and he can’t help but close his eyes, exhale. The next press of Sherlock’s lips is against his own, and he realises now that they are becoming, finally, what they always,
As Sherlock continues reading, his thumb brushes over the jut of John’s ankle, and John’s head falls slowly back against his pillow. His medicine must be kicking in because his head feels light like floating, and though his chest crackles a bit when he breathes, he doesn’t cough. This—is nice.
Even though the blood was well contained, John has to pay the cabbie extra to even take them. He phones Mary on the way, letting her know that he’ll be late getting in. At Baker Street, he has to help Sherlock up the steps to the flat.
. Please.), but it’s no good. He can do locum work part-time for now. What he can’t do is come back to this place for even one more day.
Sherlock immediately looks down to the point of contact, and blinks.  “Oh,” he says, a breath. “Right.” He turns his palm up, and John slides his fingers along it, catching where the tips of Sherlock’s fingers curl up.  The violin calluses are a rough contrast to the softer skin lower down, and the base of John’s spine tingles. Sherlock’s eyes are dark when he raises them to John’s.  “I have no idea,” he says, small smile, voice pitched extremely low--but too openly honest to be as suggestive as it feels. Sherlock’s not being coy on purpose.
definite points of pressure and discomfort, but he is also surprised by how generally pleasant he feels, surrounded by the weight and scent of Sherlock.  He finds himself
John does; he really bloody does.  “Forever,” John says. He bucks up his hips just a bit: a reminder, a promise.  “I’m done pretending, and you, Sherlock, you--”
He is so nervous, he might vomit into his brand new toilet.  Instead, he sits in his new chair, across from John’s new chair, and he waits.
John stops on the pavement and turns to look Sherlock full in the face.  His cheeks are pink from the cold, hair windblown and flopping in the front, and his smile reaches the farthest corners of his eyes, and Sherlock--loves him.
It is only a song’s wait for his music to start up, so he drinks and half-listens and tries not to have any sort of serious talk with himself about what the fuck he’s meant to actually
by the rhythm of Sherlock’s breath warming the fabric covering his heart, and so he stays.  Tentatively, he reaches out to brush Sherlock’s fringe as he remembers doing last night.
As Sherlock passes, he drops a glass-cooled hand to his shoulder, a gesture that would have been absolutely normal had he been fully clothed.  But.  Sherlock’s thumb absently brushes where it always does, the very edge of the scar usually muffled by vest and shirt and jumper.
Sherlock shrugs, wiping his fingers on a paper serviette, using it next to swipe at a drop of soy sauce on the table.  “Finish dinner, then perhaps something on the telly.” He screws his face up at
He feels his body grow as tight as the strings themselves as Sherlock finally lifts it to his chin to play. It’s stilted at the start, and Sherlock isn’t standing exactly upright, but the melody eases both of them to something like normal as it moves along. The tune is soft and slow, and when it’s done, Sherlock sighs and places the instrument in its stand.
, though is this: the landing will kill him.   He feels the panic creep back in, slithering beneath his skin, skittering in the spaces between muscle and bone.  He is shaking with it.
John growls and walks him, nodding, nodding (they are both nodding), kissing with lips against lips and lips against jaw and lips against neck-- to his bedroom.
“I got you these from your room,” Sherlock says, pressing his favourite pajama bottoms and tee shirt into his chest. “I’ll help you up the stairs if you want, but I thought you might want to stay here.”  He looks oddly sheepish, like a child who's not sure if he’s done the right thing or not. John also notices that his pillow and duvet have been placed at the other end of the sofa.
.  John’s back arches as he cries out, spasming and spilling, and that is all it takes.  Sherlock can’t help but follow, vision whiting out as he comes, and John’s name is the only word he remembers.
He picks songs that remind him of before everything went south—Foo Fighters and Metallica, Stone Roses and Radiohead.  Songs that will be loud enough to drown out his thoughts, songs that were not played at his wedding reception.  But when he’s all done, he’s still got one choice left, so he just presses a couple of buttons, letting fate and the jukebox gods decide what will come last.
“Hello, you!” He says, beaming at her as he shuts the door with his shoulder.  “Thank you,” he says to Sherlock.
Sherlock is still sat on the steps when he leaves for the pub. “You’re going to catch your death out here, you know,” he says.
“Fine,” Sherlock answers, but his voice is distant. John would ask why he’s sitting out in the cold, but he reckons if Sherlock wanted to be inside, that’s where he would be. He doesn’t follow John inside, so John shrugs his shoulders and shucks his jacket downstairs, pulling shirttails from his trousers as he climbs up to the flat. He heads straight for the bathroom, scrubbing at his face and neck with the water on as hot as he can stand. A shower would be better, but he doesn’t fancy walking to the pub with damp hair; this will have to do. He feels a bit more human as he climbs the further flight of stairs to his bedroom where he changes his shirt and jumper after tossing the dirty ones into the hamper.
And where his breath was, now John feels the warm outer skin of Sherlock’s lips burn just there, beneath his ear, before they slide, giving way to the refreshing cool of the inner slick as John leans in, tilts his head for
“No,” he confirms.  He sounds—sad.  She so wishes her heart didn’t plummet down to her belly.  She wishes her eyes weren’t filling with tears again.
, they sing--but the real music is in the rustling of John’s coat, in the breath puffing from his mouth in quarter time, a delicate white curl.  Sherlock wonders if he were to press in, ear against John’s mouth, would he hear his voice?
John has been up in his bedroom for hours, and the shuffling and squeaking from the ceiling stopped a while ago.  He thinks of calling out, of shouting, but he moves his feet instead.  He climbs—nineteen steps, these ones shallower than the ones from the front hall, likely more suited to John’s feet than his own.  He does his best not to trip on them and finds it easier to take two at a time.  He can count on one hand the number of times he’s actually made this particular journey.
John’s breaths puff from his nostrils onto Sherlock’s cheeks, and Sherlock has every answer to any question he has ever asked.  He takes John’s upper lip between both of his, where John captures his lower lip with his own.  John’s hair is still damp under his fingers, where he is rubbing at his temples and then his nape, holding him there just as John is doing the same.  He pulls away to trace Sherlock’s cheekbones and eyebrows with his thumbs, to trail his nose against Sherlock’s nose, to run his lips over his closed eyelids.
Sherlock drains his and stands, chomping on some of the dregs of remaining ice.  He points toward the kitchen, silently asking if John wants a refill, but John shakes his head.
Next, trousers. John doesn’t even bother asking as his hands find the hook and zip. He keeps his eyes averted when Sherlock presses his freezing belly into the warmth of John’s knuckles. John fights an unsettling impulse to flatten his palms against Sherlock’s stomach, and instead, clears his throat, maintains a medical, professional façade as he peels this wet fabric away, too. The top isn’t too bad, but the hems are so soaked that he has to get socks off first before the trousers will budge from Sherlock’s ankles.
“Just open your eyes,” the voice says, and it’s different now--closer, canceling the noise and the colour and the suffocating water.  The falling stops. “I’m here.”
Mike asks after Harry, and John tells him that she’s doing better, has been sober for almost a year—new job, new girlfriend. John listens as Mike talks about the Spanish holiday he and Donna are planning for the spring. John tells him about a case that took him and Sherlock to the beach at Great Yarmouth and how Sherlock had managed to catch the kidnapper they were after and got the little boy home safe. John doesn’t talk about how they’d had an extra day there and how he and Sherlock had actually had a lovely, normal day at the beach after, full of too much sun and candy floss.
At the top of the landing, he sees light switch on, flooding out through his open flat door.  He looks to the carpet, observing, and then moves his feet a bit faster, a bit lighter. John.
Just inside the door, they remove their coats, and John points first to Sherlock and then in the direction of the kitchen. “You, kitchen. Sit.” He switches on the light and asks, “Where’s the kit?”
When John stops in front of the steps of 221, there is a moment. They are very close, and John is looking at him, eyes moving from his eyes to his mouth, and Sherlock thinks—
It’s almost a week later when John comes in from an afternoon shift at a surgery in Brixton which was a complete madhouse—low on supplies and severely understaffed, especially for the season. John feels wrung-out to his bones as he climbs the stairs to the flat.
He can practically hear Mrs Hudson’s coo of delight from across the city.  He rolls his eyes even as he feels the heat of a blush rush into his cheeks.
Sherlock backs him into the lounge until his bum meets the back of his chair, worn fabric and soft padding over sturdy wood. Sherlock presses in with his thigh.
Sherlock blinks three times quickly.  He opens his mouth to speak, but Molly cuts him off with a raised hand.  The cooker beeps to let her know that it’s finished preheating.
“Here,” John says. “I’ll do it,” and he does, working as quickly as he can to get buttons through buttonholes that have apparently managed to shrink with the wet. When he finally gets them all undone, the fabric sticks to Sherlock’s skin as though it were glued on. John peels it away with an unpleasant, sucking
John goes to the kitchen to fetch a glass of water and a pain pill. When he presses both into Sherlock’s hands, he says again, “Really, lovely.”
“Sherlock,” John says.  His eyes are glistening navy, bright even above circles deeper and darker than Sherlock has ever seen them.  He’s been losing weight.  The lines around his mouth seem deeper.
John wakes to the press of a cool nose against his neck, warm breath on his jaw.  He hums, lifting his chin, an invitation.  He hums again, arching into it.
“Anything,” John says, and his face is so open, so lovely, sweat rolling from hairline down his jaw.  “Everything.  I’m yours, Sherlock.”
It’s a film. American. Melodramatic romance bordering on emotionally manipulative. Sherlock would know. Textbook stuff, that.
Sherlock begins walking once more, toward Baker Street, and John follows even though he really should be heading the other direction if he wants to be on time. He does hate being one of the last parents there. If it’s too close to half-five, the teachers will have the children and their belongings waiting in reception—not at the play park. It’s a terrible feeling.
By the time they reach John’s house, the snow has accumulated enough to cover everything.  No crack in the pavement, no fallen leaf--nothing but a rising blanket of white.
. “Oh!” And then, he is scrambling off John’s lap, rifling through the sodden heap of discarded clothing, tossing the shirt away.
It is uncomfortably cold out, and this is not the way to the station, but that’s all right.  It is Saturday, and there is nothing to do but this. As they walk, John’s shoulder brushes his, and they are quiet, a
John’s breath heats his cheeks, tickles his ear, makes him shiver, and Sherlock’s hands go under John’s shirt to find the skin at the small of his back; it is like fire on his fingertips. The moan that comes from John’s throat reminds Sherlock of the symphony as it tunes and readies for a performance, all promise of the beauty that’s coming.
They eat at Angelo’s. It’s nice. Really nice, actually. They each have a glass of wine, the conversation is easy and comfortable, and Sherlock barely even notices when he takes his last bite of manicotti. John looks pleasing in this lighting, all warm lines around his eyes and pink lips and inviting day-old stubble. He supposes he’s been caught staring when John cocks his head a bit. He doesn’t say anything—only smiles at him, perhaps a little shy, perhaps a little knowing. Sherlock feels his face heat, and he knows it is (almost) nothing to do with the wine. He distracts himself by putting some notes on the table and winding his scarf around his neck.
Rosie puts her favourite book on top of it and climbs up next to him, tugging John by the hand to sit, too. He does. She settles in with her backside on John’s lap, her head against his chest, and her feet curled next to Sherlock’s thigh. John puts on his usual voices as he reads, flicking his eyes to Sherlock from time to time (This is it. This is the whole story now for me. Are you okay with all of this?) and Rosie stops him a couple of times to ask unnecessary questions about the pictures in the book that they read every night. He answers her with patience. Sherlock’s arm settles around his shoulders, other hand lighting on Rosie’s ankle. When the book is done, Rosie kisses Sherlock goodnight, and John goes to tuck her in.
Eyes open, he looks down to see that he has shifted at some point in the night so that he is lying across the whole of the sofa, and Sherlock, not giving up one petty inch of territory, even in sleep, has followed suit.  Sherlock is lying mostly on his front, head tucked in just below John’s shoulder, cheek against chest, belly soft and solid against John’s hip.  He’s managed to get his legs tangled with John’s and the duvet and has one hand sandwiched between the sofa and John’s back while the other arm drapes across John and onto the floor.
John’s lips press to the small bullet scar over Sherlock’s heart, hands slipping to his back, running along the highest ridge there, tracing the finer lines, up and down, so tender Sherlock doesn’t know what to
Even so, he sees this move as a new start, a happier one to be sure, so without the dramatics of last time, he spends Thursday afternoon at the shops.  Sherlock offered to watch Rosie during the day, so it feels something of a luxury to be out without a pushchair, trying to keep a two-year-old’s hands away from the breakables.  Slowly, he walks the aisles and displays, carefully touching fabrics and evaluating prints, looking for what
“I’ve got to get Sherlock to A&E,” he tells Lestrade. “We can be by sometime tomorrow if you need statements.” Lestrade nods and tells them to go.
.  He snatches his paperback from the table by his chair and takes it back with him to the sofa.  This time, John wraps a hand around each of Sherlock’s bony ankles and lifts his feet, bends his knees, and plants each foot so that all of Sherlock’s stupid, too-long legs are on
John laughs a little into Sherlock’s shirt and brings himself up onto his knees, and without another moment’s thought, he presses his lips to Sherlock’s, dry and warm.  He feels Sherlock’s inward breath, pulls back to check everything’s okay, and then Sherlock leans in again, this time with lips parted.  John slides a hand around to the back of Sherlock’s head to steady himself and lets everything be as simple as it should have been all along.  When his knees begin to hurt, he stands, pulling Sherlock up with him.
Oddly, Sherlock hesitates. John raises his eyebrows. Sherlock has never been remotely bashful before; this is not the first time he’s had to patch him up after a case. Sherlock swallows, and John can see his entire body stiffen even further. “Nothing I haven’t seen before,” he says, at a loss for what could have Sherlock behaving this way.
John startles awake as a bead of sweat rolls down his neck to further soak his clinging collar.  He swats at it like a spider, fingers coming away damp. He’s suffocating--breaths coming quick, shallow, panicked.  Nightmare.  He shakes his head on a sticky pillow, trying to get some bearings. Shivering, stifling, and soaked through, he sucks warm air through his nose, still frantic, biting back a whimper.
is the most boring sex he’s witnessed on screen—entirely too slow and too misty, every expression entirely overplayed. God, the acting is
“I’m fine,” John says. “I didn’t mean to panic you. Sorry.” His hair is plastered to his forehead, his shirt stuck to his chest, water running over the contours of his face—around his ear, in the lines around his eyes, over the bow of his lip, dripping from the fullest part of the bottom one.
John nods.  “Well deduced,” John says, tipping it all out, pulling bedding from its packaging.  He wants to see if his mind’s eye was working properly in the shop. “What are you, some kind of detective?”
“I don’t need to go to hospital,” Sherlock grinds out. “It’s just a scratch; I’ve had worse. I’ll take care of it at home,” but he’s struggling to stand upright, clutching tightly to his middle.
John hums against Sherlock’s tongue, grasping at fistfuls of the back of his shirt.  He yanks it from his trousers to put his hands on bare skin, just there, warm, warm, molten warm. The softness of the cushion beneath them doesn’t fully muffle the rhythmic creaking from the ageing wood.
This chapter is unbeta-ed, so apologies for lingering mistakes and typos.  I've no one to blame but myself!  :-)
He shakes his head; no sense in getting maudlin now.  No point.  He has a goddaughter to escort home.
He holds up a hand, a gentle “wait” sort of gesture.  She can only imagine what her own face is doing.  She takes a breath and swallows.
It works. John leaves the surgery without much coaxing at all, and Sherlock leads him through a day of friend-and-family interviews, lead tracking, and internet searches; Sherlock even feigns a thinking spell on the sofa while John brings him a sandwich. He has an
“Morning,” John says, and he opens his eyes to Sherlock’s, icy-bright and blazing.  “Your nose is cold.”  He shifts, sliding a leg against Sherlock’s until he can wrap his ankle around and pull him closer. The shift creates a tiny gust of chilly room air, quickly swallowed by the heat under their duvet.
I'm thinking one more chapter?  Possibly two.  Watch out for future ratings-changes because next chapter will catch us up to the first one, and beyond.
He notices that Sherlock’s teeth have stopped chattering when Sherlock turns to him, tilting his face up to John’s. He’s close enough that John feels Sherlock’s shaky breath against his heated face, and he doesn’t know why, but his hands come up to rest against the sides of Sherlock’s neck. Christ, he’s still so cold. Sherlock hums, stretching, pressing into the warmth of John’s fingers. Sherlock is still shivering, but less so now, which John takes as a positive sign. He rubs little circles just below Sherlock’s jaw with his thumbs, feeling himself smile. “Better?” he asks.
