"Castiel's suggestion that Enoch and Winchester should continue a friendly exchange, was extensively debated, but eventually accepted, since King John had asked for it as well and council member Anael pushed for it. She will be the one to oversee the building of a diplomatic relationship. In order to do that, she has requested that Cas will assist her. She hopes that his somewhat forceful relationship with Winchester has at least opened some doors and forged some connections."
"Oh, I don't know, maybe Cas is the type who would benefit from knowing that you like to be pampered a bit," Mary told him cheekily, winking at Cas. "Though maybe you've already figured that out." Dean felt his face heat up when he realized what his mother was trying to do.
"Kind of? But I need a bit more balance…," Dean admitted. "And with my family and friends out of state, no time for hobbies and relationships usually ending because I've got no time? I just have no balance."
"You, a handmaiden?" Charlie boxed his shoulder.
"It's not about the power, it's about the sacrifice," the god remined him but Castiel shook his head.
Bright blue light gleamed through the tiny crack between the door and the floor. Dean put his hands over his ears, blocking out the deafening screech that followed. Everything seemed to tremble around Dean, or maybe he was shaking. A dreadful silence fell and the scent of ash filled Dean's nose.
"I'm not sure if you should get a job that's simply 'not too bad'. Surely there are other positions for you," Dean said, a small frown on his face.
“I love you,” Dean said the moment Cas picked up his phone. Dean’s heart swelled more when he heard Cas laugh into the receiver. If someone offered right now to fly him back to be by Cas’ side just to see him he would ditch his dad and Sam.
“Nice, isn’t it?” Castiel’s form shifted and now he looked down at Jack standing ahead of him, looking at him with a small smile. He was wearing a suit of shining lavender fabric. Cas tilted his head, studying him with more eyes.
Jack was leading Luke back to the car, though he wasn't pulling at his hand like he tended to do with Dean.
"That's very kind of you," Charlie said. "After all we took no money with us." Ambriel nodded.
"Hey, sorry about the delay," Dean said when he jogged up to Castiel in front of the bar. The box was familiar looking and Castiel immediately worried. "I ran into that Gabriel dude at the B&B when I got back to change."
Welcome back to another chapter! It took me slightly longer to update than I thought but now you get to real almost 10k of Dean having to fend for himself in a strange world! :D
"I… I'm not," Castiel answered, clearly puzzled. "I just want to make sure you're alright." Dean studied the witch, how he hovered, making sure Dean was dry and eating properly.
"Oh god," Cas muttered, mind already rushing to figure out where his parenting had gone wrong, but then the pic loaded and Cas had to swallow. This Dean was… attractive.
"I'll be happy to prove you wrong," Dean told him and he wasn't too proud that he forced it out through gritted teeth. Luckily for him, their stand-off was cut short by Jack and Cas coming back out of the bedroom.
"Yeah," Dean muttered because a change of scenery would be nice. He was sure that Cas wouldn't let him go, with him being a prisoner, but maybe his friends could? "Go ahead, I'll make a detour to the kitchen." Charlie was fine with that and Dean went to check out the kitchen.
"Let me know how to help and I'll do it. I promise," she said and Dean smiled at her. "Now stop making such a sappy face! You're distracting me from my reading!" Dean laughed.
"Yeah, sex is pretty messy for humans," he said, then he bumped his elbow against Cas' side. "Come on, stop wiggling, you can wipe up afterwards."
"Of course, Cas," he finally said, reaching out to grab Cas' hand which he had on his thighs, giving it a tight squeeze. Castiel nodded, grateful.
"Aw, don't fault them a bit of fun? Where's your spirit for discovery? We have nothing but old maps to guide us. We're essentially marching into unknown lands. Anybody's gonna get excited," Benny said to which Dean nodded his agreement. "Or shit their pants I guess." Dean burst out laughing.
"The son of a witch…," Sam said, interrupting Dean. "Dean," he continued softly, "I went to check her grave. Willow moss grew on it. She was definitely a witch."
"Yes, thank you Tessa," Dean said, his voice sounding rough even to his ears. Tessa handed him the print out of this week's schedule and then she left. Monday fortunately took it easy on him with meetings and conference calls, but there was a whole mess in his inbox that he had to deal with. He looked into the mirror he had hanging next to his closest where he kept a change of clothes and his gym bag (and often also his travel suitcase if he left for Cas' place right after work). Yeah, he looked like crap.
The creature did not speak, though it looked at Castiel with wonder.
They were still hugging when Sam poked his head into the room.
"It's not much but it won't be forever," Cas said, putting his hands in his hips, looking around.
Dean got tired of being made to wait (the irony wasn't quite lost on him, but he wasn't in the mood to analyze this) and went out of the Lord's wing to find someone who would tell him what was going on.
Castiel couldn't help but feel nervous when he let Emma into his apartment. It wasn't all that big, considering the limited salary, but it was clean and had the promised guest room. Emma followed him on his little tour wordlessly, but she gave him an appreciating smile when he guided her to the spare room.
And Cas was there, his hair ruffled and his expression elated. He stood on the other side of Dean's table, smiling at him. Dean couldn't quite conceal his surprise, nor his relief.
"So what? I'm stuck here? Don't you have an angel on speed dial?"
"It is fine. Raphael was out of line. He attacked Castiel, not for the first time. And Castiel retaliated," she said. Then she approached Castiel, his expression friendly, proud even. "I can see it now. You have changed. Your heart has changed," she told him. "There is depth and darkness in you now. Experience. And rage." She nodded at Castiel, then she turned to address the coven, most notably Gabriel and Michael.
"Good morning," he said, more formal than necessary in Dean's opinion.
"This blade can kill all demons and most other monsters," the god explained and pushed it forwards for Dean to take. It was pretty simple looking for something that powerful. Like Ruby's knife it had symbols etched into the hilt and some into the dark blade itself. "It doesn't kill angels though, they're of a different material and magic."
"What stuff?" Sam asked suspiciously. "Did you make some headway in the Raurica case?"
"Yes, Sir."
"What if the king and queen will banish me again…?" Cas wondered, then he slipped his finger under the seal to pull it open and carefully got out the letter. It held nothing but information on the occasion and the date, which didn't really make him feel better. He knew that nothing about the realm's approach to magic had changed. There was no longer a place for him at court.
"Alphas don't. We're meant to thrive on this competition and constant strive to dominate others," he said with a sneer. That definitely was true for Luke, he had relished in the daily battles and often took his adrenaline of having put someone in their place back into their bedroom (or increasingly into an expensive hotel room with another escort). It had been exciting once upon a time, but it had soon lost its glamor. Cas studied Dean.
“Obviously, I’m the superior choice,” Dean joked. “But they were making a joke. We’re all dudes.”
"No. No, you're not the one who should be apologizing," Dean said, shaking his head. "I'm the one who assumed."
Nothing had quite prepared him for the smells. Dean and Sam had often commented on what their noses were telling them, using their sense of smell to make sense of the world as much as they used their eyes and touch. Cas was a celestial being, so of course he took note of smells no differently than he used his other senses. And he could smell things that humans definitely couldn't comprehend. He knew the chemical composition of odors, but he never took notice of it with a human nose. And now he crossly regretted the fact that he even had a nose.
"But none of his friends will be there. And Claire won't be there either and she contributed a lot to Jack's impulse control… I have no idea how Jack will do completely on his own, without other people's guidance," Cas argued. "Jack can be… immature and impulsive and naïve. It's not the best combination."
He wondered if this would be their life now, the kind of existence the love spell had crafted for Dean to crave. A home, someone to love, but with a distaste for idleness and a need to still continue hunting. Dean hadn't outright said that he wanted to stop hunting and it seemed that being in love wasn't enough to override the need to hunt. Maybe he needed something to occupy Dean. A job in town maybe. An ordinary job, his own set of friends, shopping for groceries at always the same stores, hanging out at Cas' café - an undignified slow suffocation by the mundane, colorless life of Raurica. He didn't want Dean to be unhappy, even though he wouldn't feel it that keenly due to the spell.
"It's an invitation to court," Castiel said and liked his lips.
"Oh, I'm sure Cas appreciates the
"The old lady in the village mentioned it before… That you are the one they call the witch knight Rapunzel. The one that cried tears of blood. It seems hard to believe that you've ever spilled blood," Dean said, his voice not unkind.
Dean had soaked up enough confidence that he could hold his head high when it was time to attend dinner.
For two days, Dean didn't show up to their shared breakfast, instead taking his food in his own room, together with Charlie. Not only did he have to think, but he was also still annoyed with Cas. Cas had kicked him out after all, so there was no guarantee that Cas would even show up and Dean wasn't going to give Cas the satisfaction of standing him up.
"Being stuck in a room with kids who are going to ask you why their parents dropped them off and what heats and ruts are? And all the following awkward questions? And even worse! The akward
"It's switched on. Congratulations, this is your baby for the next three months. Try not to let it die too much, it'll be embarrassing for our program."
"The water is ready for you whenever you are," he said.
"Yes. Everything's alright. The firecracker version of me transported us to the Bunker. We're alright. Well… I don't know about Cas."
Dean recoiled from the idea.
Castiel knew that they were outsiders, no better than wanderers in the eyes of the village folk. They lived in a little cottage outside of the village, at the end of a trail that led through a thick pine forest and the crunching snow. They were tolerated because the village needed the magic his mother had. Magic that Castiel too possessed. And that made his mother fearful.
"How poetic, Tessa. You should have become a writer," Dean said with a snort, but he was still slightly ill at ease with her line of questioning.
But the fact that Dean was a good, no, great boyfriend, became clear to Dean after they had spent some dates just going on walks. If Dean was being honest with himself he loved going on walks with Cas, holding hands and just being happy to be in each other's company. It was sappy but it was comforting. Lately though, Cas' eyes had strayed, from looking at everything around him or merely watching the ground under his feet, to looking at the sky. The birds were chirping in the trees and flying over their heads.
. It wasn’t like a lot of monster activity was happening during the day time. Maggie would probably have more to do than him. Dean slowly wheeled his chair away from the monitors showing where Sam’s hunters were stationed, towards the laptop. He might as well continue working his way through the reports, even though that wasn’t Dean’s idea of a good time either. Seriously, had nobody ever heard of a spell check?
"The monks prefer to live in the town by the harbor, where the church is able to provide more modern luxuries." Dean didn't comment that he felt that there was nothing luxurious or modern about anything in the 13
Dean was sitting on the terrace, absent-mindedly sipping his coffee while he soaked up what little warmth the sun was granting. He found that people usually refrained from bothering him if he was outside, everybody preferring to stay in the warm castle, now that an unusually early winter chill was blowing through Lawrence. He heard footsteps approaching, stirring him out of his thoughts. He heaved a sigh and put down the coffee on the stone table and turned around to face whoever had dared to come pester him.
So he reached down, wrapping his hand around Castiel's dick and moved it in times with his thrusts.
"Oh…" Castiel muttered, then he looked down, feeling his face heat up. He was so torn about it that it hurt. He enjoyed every minute Dean spent with him and he longed for him when he was gone. But it hurt every time he left. How could he possibly survive if Dean kept leaving and one day didn't come back?
"I'll let Dean decide on that," Jody said diplomatically and that was good enough for Castiel. He nodded at her, then he crossed the yard and got into the backdoor that led to the kitchen which was already busy with dinner preparations.
He sighed deeply, closing his eyes. Then, almost if the world was fully coming back to him, he felt the warm presence of Dean next to him. He turned his head to the side, finding Dean curled towards him, his face handsome even in sleep, a small pout on his lips. Castiel lifted his hand to wipe some stray strands of hair out of Dean's face, then he pulled the travelling blanket over Dean's shoulder and up to his chin. Dean's brow furrowed, but then it smoothed out and the pout vanished.
The week passed quickly and Dean enjoyed seeing more of Enoch. There were other smaller countries under King Michael's rule, but Enoch was the biggest, stretching all across almost all the way along the border the angels shared with humans, almost like a barrier.
Somehow Dean felt he knew the answer.
"Yes, thank you for your hospitality," Cas said politely, shaking hands with both of Dean's parents.
"Please try to understand our position here," Bobby started because it was clear that neither John, who just looked hard or Mary, with her pleading eyes, were going to offer up anything useful at this moment. "It wasn't an easy choice."
"Don't be ridiculous," Cas admonished. Dean chuckled and looked down at where they were still holding hands. It actually felt good to have Cas' hand in his.
"In that case I will let you rest for a bit. My servants will come to prepare you," Castiel said and he might as well have shoved Dean into an icy lake. He tensed at once at the mention of what was apparently going to happen tonight. "Your guards can of course stay if they do not mind your nudity." Charlie made a face at that, but Benny merely nodded. Dean still had no idea what exactly this preparation entailed, but he vowed to himself to fight anyone trying shady shit with him.
Dean groaned, leaning back in his chair, arms crossed with a huff.
"Oh, well," Castiel said after Dean had finished reading, surprised by the relief he felt. Dean laughed, then he typed on his phone. "What are you saying to him?"
"I heard Ambriel and Hael talk," Charlie commented casually at dinner on the second day.
"Dean! I was just about to leave the house to get pie ingredients! We're still on for tomorrow, right?" she asked, before Dean even could get as much as a hello in.
"What would traditionally be expected of any husband or wife who moves in with their spouse. Of course, Cas would request you to keep your entourage to a modest size due to the duration of the journey and the capacity of his ancestral manor, where you'll be staying. It doesn't quite have the capacity to host an entourage expected of a crown prince. His deepest apologies and all that," Gabriel answered.
are we?" Castiel lowered his eyebrows, his expression veering somewhere between suspicion and reproach.
"It's unacceptable that the hunter is still here and snooping around," he said, anger lacing his words. "I've been the target of his investigation and it's irritating." But Cas also couldn't get a word in now because Naomi answered for him:
"So he's an omega male looking for… I don't know. He's gay, right? But what about designation? Does he care?"
Castiel hadn't thought much of the hat. Dean had been grinning widely when he had not so subtly steered Cas towards his room after he had been out on a hunt with Jack for the weekend. He had been particularly proud of himself when Cas spotted the hat on the bed. Cas had, in this instance definitely correctly, understood the intended correlation between the hat and the bed. Dean's steadily increasing grin and the wink had been affirmation enough.
“Oh,” Dean said, his voice soft now, losing its tense edge at once. “Yeah, of course. I’ll pick you up. Okay? Just stay there. I’ll be with you in a moment.”
"Let me finish," Castiel growled out and Dean lifted his hands in surrender. "I'm 'pissed' that you didn't trust me enough to talk to me about it before you decided that I had to be treated like a threat to your plan."
"Maybe? Give me your short version of who you are, so I can make up my mind if it's worth going to Florida for you."
"I don't know why they invaded but they will be met with adequate force," Anna said and Castiel relaxed slightly. Adequate force was good, this meant that Anna would probably leave it up to him to decide how to win the battle. Anna grabbed a parchment and walked around her desk to Castiel to hand it to him. "We have information that the crown prince of Winchester leads the army," she explained and he took the parchment, finding it to be a printed copy of a portrait photography. The man in the image was young, wearing a uniform and a regal expression on his handsome face.
"I detach him frequently enough to enjoy you," Castiel teased. Dean dropped his hand to Cas side and pinched him. Cas wasn't impressed by that. "I read all the literature I could find on Nephilim, which wasn't a lot… Nephilim used to be forbidden and killed in the past, if they even survived childbirth…"
"Well, maybe you should keep your dog on a tighter leash," Raphael said darkly, managing to fully regain his composure. He straightened his suit and then fixed his tie. "Your human seems to have reopened his investigation. He came sniffing around town. And he didn't just come pester me with all kinds of totally irrelevant questions, no, he seemed to clearly check out the people in our coven."
." Cas shook his head but his son pushed the mobile phone into his chest, so he had to take it before it could fall and break. Castiel shot his son a disgruntled look, but Jack merely tilted his head impatiently.
"This sort of takes me back to council meetings when Dean was a newborn," Mary said, some of her apprehension melting away.
"I'm glad," Cas said. Dean dropped a kiss into Cas' messy hair, then he reached out and switched off the light on the nightstand. The thin curtains couldn't entirely block out the night of the late November moon, sending faint patterns up on the ceiling.
"Yeah, I get it. I want to continue working too. I just wasn't quite prepared for taking a mate being a requirement for my promotion."
Gabriel pointed at his police reports.
"Yeah, I guess. But we'll take you home now. You'll feel better I no time," Sam promised. Castiel sighed.
It was all for the benefit of the bond after all.
"You are human," she said and Dean felt that it was partially an evasion of his question. "In any case, when Grace is given like that, a bond is established between the partners, and the connection between the two is like a conduit. It allows the Grace to circulate and balance out. But you have not allowed it."
Castiel was standing by the doors that angels were now opening. He could see some curious faces peeking out from the doors and the windows. Somehow Dean had expected a bit more fanfare considering how conspicuous they had been when picking Dean up. Shouldn't this have been Castiel's victory march?
Before he could revisit all the things he had endlessly thought about during the drive, Dean opened the door. Castiel felt himself sag in relief, seeing Dean apparently fine, if somewhat sleep tousled.
"Generally, yes. You've got to be on the same page. And consent is very important. No means no, for both of you. And don't listen to what some people might say; Alphas can say no too," Dean told him.
"Dean needs me," Charlie insisted, then she looked at Dean. "Right?!" Mary and John looked at Dean and it was obvious to Dean that they expected him to refuse Charlie's company.
"Now that you know the context I assume you might be more willing," Castiel said, trying not to let hope bleed into his words. He wasn't craving to have sex with Dean, even though he was pleasant to look at, but he would really like to put the issue of his Grace at rest.
“Yes, I’m 16. I heard about this from Kevin Tran. We have some AP classes together and he sometimes accompanies his girlfriend to the Omega League meetings. I’m vice-president,” she told him with a smile. “This is also why I really wanted this internship. I want to be more involved in omega rights.” Castiel smiled at her. It was rare that his interns were actually interested in the topic. Usually they were bored assisting him in his project, merely going through these internships because they looked good on a CV.
"That we're starting the process of going home," Dean said and even though he felt a weird sense of melancholy settling in, he did enjoy the slow dawning of delighted faces. "As soon as you want."
"And you come back soon," Adam insisted, pulling Dean into a hug. Dean patted his back, then he let him go to face Sam. Sam's expression was one of determination.
"In my world Cas threw burning holy oil at Michael," Dean laughed at the memory, though he thought not to mention that Cas got exploded for it afterwards. "It was awesome."
"He's insufferable and enjoys embarrassing me…" Castiel groused. It was best to talk about something else. "How about your case? Did you get anywhere?" Dean's grin slipped off his face and he seemed reluctant to talk about it, which surprised Cas.
"I'm leaving."
“My name is Castiel,” he said, “you can call me Cas.” Dean breathed a sigh of relief.
"You really want to drive all the way to Wisconsin for this?" Dean asked, quickly feeling his dreams of spooning evaporate.
"Ready?" Benny asked and Dean sighed.
It wasn't worth the argument and Cas had nothing to be embarrassed of, so he went upstairs to their bedroom, Luke hot on his heels, but Cas locked him out of their bathroom. Even though he had no reason to, Cas already felt humiliated. This was just a swimsuit and it wasn't like Cas was afraid of Luke or compelled to follow his orders when he flashed alpha red eyes. But still… why bother. With a bit of a heavy heart he pulled out his sunflower bikini and put it on.
"No doubt. Sadly, many demons are power hungry fools that don't see that they're simply being used as pawns. But this is the information I have. The truth I have for you." Dean turned to look at his parents.
"Hey you two- woah!" Dean pulled away, so he could see Sam standing in the door, tablet in one hand and wide-eyed. "Were you… kissing?"
"Ooooh!" she said, her whole demeanor changing at once. "Oh, you want to know about our sex organs!" Dean lifted both his hands, trying to get her to keep her voice down. But nobody else was in the library, so why bother. Ambriel closed her book, propping her elbow on it. "Specifically, Cas' sex organs?"
It felt unfair to even consider asking him out (not that this opportunity would ever arise) if Cas was uncomfortable with the idea of having sex with another omega. Not… not all of it of course. There was plenty of intimacy he would be willing to try out. But would Mr. Winchester feel the same? Or would he be put off by Cas' insecurities?
"Why…?" he whispered.
"I already did some digging online and I'm pretty sure it's a ghost. I thought I could check it out," Dean said and looked up at Cas, a nervous expression on his face. Cas wasn't sure what to do with it.
"Hey." Cas startled and looked over to the bed, where Dean was now rubbing his eyes. He sat up with a creak of the springs, then he checked his phone on the night table, before he turned to look at Cas. Cas felt caught in the act and lifted both hands away from the table.
"Great, meet me there," he said and when he heard Cas' agreement he hung up. He felt lighter around his heart already, just a bit.
"Great. Then I'll be counting the days." Cas was too.
"Guards! Apprehend him!" he called. The guards, even though they were in over their heads, followed their king's command loyally. They rushed at Gabriel, swords and spears lifted, but it only took one careless flick of Gabriel's wrist to send them all crashing into walls and other people.
“I guess?” Cas offered, feeling insecure. “I’m 44 and I’ve had fertility issues in the past. I just want to know what to expect going forwards.” Dean studied him but eventually he nodded.
"What will you do?"
"Nuh-uh, I'll be going tomorrow. Hannah wants five of us here to…" she pushed up her glasses and tilted her head in Dean's directions, "do our jobs."
"Yeah well. I'll be fine," he said but both of them knew what Queen Mary, even though she was a just and kind ruler, could do to people who she thought betrayed her. But there was still John, who was usually more level-headed. "So!" Bobby started again, then he held out Prince Dean. He put him across the invisible boundaries of Castiel's exile, forcing Cas to take the baby into his arms. "Your wish for Dean!" Castiel held on to him clumsily for only as long as it took him to get over his surprise. Then he looked very comfortable with the small child in his arms.
"And get killed? Let you get killed?" Cas countered.
"You haven't been, Dean. You have nothing to feel sorry about. But it's so good to hear your voice," Cas told him.
“Yes,” Castiel breathed and put his knees on either side of Dean’s waist before sitting down. Dean bucked up, moving against him, the new sensation of another guy’s dick rubbing against his own lost in the immense satisfaction of Castiel’s body so close to his. Castiel didn’t move consciously but he did jerk slightly whenever Dean rubbed against him. For the moment Dean wasn’t all that inclined to get too familiar with Castiel’s growing erection, so he focused on pressing chest against chest and mouth against mouth. Castiel put his hand to Dean’s shoulders, gripping a bit too tight whenever Dean rocked up against him. Castiel’s mouth opened on a choked moan and Dean showered him with kisses to his cheek and forehead before he pulled him even closer in an almost bruising embrace. One of his hands travelled down Castiel’s back, over the bumps of his vertebrae. He sucked a bruise into Castiel’s neck, then trailed upwards with kisses and bites until he got to Castiel’s jaw. The stubble felt odd dragging over Dean’s lips and his nose, but it wasn’t unpleasant. Castiel’s fingers dug into Dean’s shoulders.
freezing where I was," Sam said with a teasing smile and Dean rolled his eyes. Sam sat down at the table, stretching out his legs before he grabbed a folder to compare with the list of items he and Dean could get the police to release. "But I was talking about the case."
Accordingly, he looked forwards to today's meeting. Dean came into the breakfast room with his usual morning frown, and a robe wrapped around him over his sleep wear.
earlier in Lebanon. But it had been unpleasant so he would very much prefer to feel nothing. To be quiet like nothingness at the center of the galaxy, calmly watching stars swirl.
"Fine… But if anything happens to her you're in deep trouble," Winchester warned sharply and Castiel straightened up in reflex.
"Oh, for the love of God," Uriel complained, but Castiel ignored him as he got back on his feet as gracefully as he could.
The door fell back into its lock behind Dean with a loud slam. Nobody came running at the noise and Dean had the sinking feeling that he might be all alone. He decided to investigate. The church was made out of solid stones, with slim windows letting in rays of muted light, and there were old looking paintings on the walls, the paint more vibrant than Dean was used to from the pictures he had seen of similar paintings. Gold and silver items such as decorated chests and goblets stood in alcoves or on wooden tables. Despite the apparent missing modern luxuries like heating and electric light, the monastery probably had money.
"For a position in the accountant team of a bank. Wesson's," Cas explained. "I'm pretty sure I'll get an offer and it's not too bad…"
Dr. Visyak checked her watch, then she counted heads. "We seem to be one person short, but let's get started already." People settled after Visyak sent the muttering people a glare, her eyes flashing silver in warning. "I know you have better things to do, we all have, but the State is very concerned about the staggering number of egg mishandling and nest abandonment, especially among young people. Our numbers are small and we dragons have adapted to the requirements of the predominantly human culture around us. Most of us no longer live in packs, most of us didn't grow up with a pack omega to teach us everything about proper nest care and hatching techniques. Some of you, probably the girls, got to play with Hatching dolls, but as we all know the modern hatching doll is human toy companies' attempt at pulling dragons and other egg laying species into their consumer fold." Some people chuckled. Deriding humans for trying to sell them things was something dragons enjoyed doing, at least in the privacy of dragon only circles. In any case, Cas' older sister had played with hatching dolls and when Anna had handed them to Cas after she grew out of it, he realized that they were not only boring but also wildly inaccurate.
"So, Anna paid me a visit," Dean started again and Castiel's almost peaceful expression morphed into alert. Dean was almost sorry to have brought it up. "She told me about what you had arranged with Lucifer, about Uriel visiting the main garrison."
It was Dean’s turn; he had forced himself to kneel and now he didn’t know how to continue.
"Hey!" Jack called, jogging up towards them with a big grin on his face. Cas looked him over quickly, but he seemed perfectly fine, his hair was combed and all his clothes were on the right way.
"What in the world is
"Ex-husband," Dean interjected and Cas snorted. "Just getting your facts straight for you, Mr. 'I probably defaulted to Florida because I took my kid to Disneyland once'," Dean shot back. Well, he wasn't wrong.
"My family… didn't encourage my interactions with people outside of the family…," he said uneasily. He didn't like lying but there was no way he could talk about heaven freely.
"Okay, so let's work the issue," Dean grumbled, scanning Bobby's letter again for key points. "Hess insists that the reports are correct. Let's assume that the representative of our key ally on this continent is not lying to us and willing to sacrifice a part of their armies for some kind of hit on Winchester." Castiel opened his hands in an inviting gesture. "We have established that you are not disorganized and that you are clearly able to hold your own if attacked. If both of these things are wrong, then what did her source witness? Winchester and allies from Kendrick went to war because we thought that you were mobilizing to attack us."
"Dean Winchester," Cas whispered against his mouth and Dean nodded breathlessly.
"What I mean is that I've come here to give you a challenge and witness how you solve it. Here!" Gabriel spread his arms wide. "In front of all these people of your realm!" He looked intimidating and dangerous for a moment, but Gabriel was quick to drop the act and put the smirk back into place. "But you don't have to worry, you won't be graded for your work." John and Mary looked at each other in bewilderment.
"What, speak up, dude," Dean said with a groan. When Chuck spoke again, Dean belatedly realized that he was speaking Latin. Dean wanted to punch something.
"I must agree," the god's verdict finally came. And Dean
"Yeah, I can relate," Dean said, thinking back to all the one-night stands he regretted. Though he hadn't really had the misfortune of ending up in bed with a psychotic British douche bag. Though there had been close calls. Bad judgement probably ran in the family.
"Dean…" Cas' rough voice spurred Dean on to pay particular attention to his neck, letting his teeth graze over the skin, which earned him a pleasant shiver from Cas. Dean had instantly seen that Cas' neck didn't show any scars of a mating bite, which had excited some primal, stupid part of his brain.
They found a place to lay down for the night and Dean couldn’t be more grateful. Castiel had found them a promising abandoned house, not long before the mountain pass. They were both at the end of their strength, tired because Castiel had refused to stop in the forest. Dean didn't mind that, because he had felt the danger of it like a person breathing down on his neck. No… This was good. It was somewhat solid, with walls to shelter them from the bitter cold wind. Castiel had drawn them a protective ward though he wouldn't quite tell Dean what kind of dangers lurked outside. Maybe it was better that way. Castiel lit a fire with his magic and Dean groaned in relief, sitting close and warming his hands. Impala had also been allowed into the house and was happily sleeping after being fed.
"Well!" Luke exclaimed, crossing his arms over his chest, his look challenging. "If you think that then I sure am glad that you don't seem like the kind of guy who really manages to keep a relationship going next to your high-profile job." Dean tensed at that, though he tried to keep himself relaxed. "Surely you won't be influencing my kid too much."
"Gross but not necessarily our thing," Dean commented and slurped his coffee. When he found it empty, he held it out wordlessly. Cas rolled his eyes heavenwards, but he took the mug and walked over to the coffee machine to refill it. He put the cup back in front of Dean and resumed his position at Jack's shoulder.
"Why can't I go with Sam?" he demanded, getting close to a pout.
"Forget it," he muttered and left the bar, ignoring the disappointed calls of those who had wanted to see two alphas battling for the chance to knot a willing omega. Well, they could all go fuck themselves. Fuck all of them.
"Ha! That doesn't surprise me at all," Lady Bevell said, her voice flat and unimpressed. "Anyway. Ketch is a madman but so far Kendrick has always been able to rely on his espionage. Unfailingly. Ketch has never led us astray even though his methods are… unconventional. Besides, we are-"
“I’m not too bad at keeping secrets,” Cas told him and Dean lifted his hand.
"This is physical activity, not actual battle training," Benny responded easily, "some of us spar for fun."
“Oh, I see!” Jack said. The thought pleased him somewhat, but he was happy with the kind of family they did have, whether they were related or not. As far as he was concerned, Sam, Dean and Cas were all his dads.
"I'm a married father in his 40s, this isn't the kind of beach vacation you're imagining!" Castiel argued, then he turned towards the pile of clothing.
"Uhm…" Cas muttered with dawning horror, realizing that his thoughts ran away from him into dangerous territory, that made his scent shift. Luckily, Jack wasn't able to pick up on that fully yet, but that he noticed at all was a sign that he was clearly maturing. But Dean? Dean was a fully grown alpha in his prime, he certainly knew and understood.
"No. Obviously not… Eggs who crack die," Cas informed him. The pamphlets were very clear on that.
claim. The land was empty and we've settled there after all," Dean argued.
"Yeah, we've got weapons for them," Dean said and then he looked up from the blade. "Are you sure about giving this to me?"
"Welcome to the future where we have electricity," Dean said with a snort.
"Sure," Dean said, reluctantly opening his arms so that Cas could sit up. Dean grunted when Cas pretty much planted his ass on Dean's crotch. Castiel tilted his head, a frown appearing on his face. "Maybe we could take care of this first?" Dean suggested, lightly rotating his hips to press his morning wood against Cas. Castiel dropped his head, laughing.
"What are you going to do now in regards to Kendrick?" he wanted to know. Bobby scratched his head, uttering a weary sigh.
"Yes. It seems like you do. Everything you do is just…," he looked up at Castiel. "Messy." He turned around and walked away. "But let me be very clear. If you don't do your job and make Winchester disappear, then I will." Raphael didn't wait around for a reaction, leaving the café before Cas could lose the grip on his temper and hurl a hex at him. The gratification wouldn't be worth the punishment of him – a mere novice – attacking a full coven member, even if he had been challenged.
"There have been some weather-related damages in Raurica," Castiel admitted and he knew that most of them were Gabriel's doing. "Sander's orchard has been destroyed twice. I think last year he lost part of his harvest and it looks like this year there might be no harvest at all." Dean's face didn't change much and he didn't nod either, but Castiel could read people well enough to see that he had only confirmed what Dean had already known.
"We are complicated creatures… Sometimes we can feel conflicting things where both are equally true. For someone who lives as long as you do, I assume you have more time to really search your feelings."
It wasn't a good idea to fall asleep in the bath tub and potentially drown now that they finally had some answers about what had happened. Dean regretted that it was still not as clear cut as he would have liked. The entire thing was unsettling from start to finish. Whispers and rumors that spurred him into action, now whispers and rumors that would close this chapter of his life, if he was lucky. His parents had decided to go to war based on unconfirmed information. And now they had no other choice but to trust further information that Dean at least had no ability to chase down and verify. Maybe the issue was that he had to accept that this was their parents' responsibility and that he had no part to play in it. Again.
Eventually, Cas decided to put it on. It didn't come with a hat, but it did come with shoes and a slim manila folder containing documents. He caught Dean just as he was heading to the kitchen for an early breakfast of coffee. He was in his sleep wear, his hair all over the place after having only gotten 3 hours in after the last case. He almost walked into the door frame when he noticed Cas.
"So that's why you were asking if Sanders had enemies," Castiel said, playing along with the cover story. "But you're not interested in the storm, just his business dealings?"
Sadly, he wasn't that lucky, finding Uriel and another angel whose name Dean didn't know sitting at a table. They looked up when Dean entered and while they said nothing, Uriel scoffed and then downed whatever was left in his mug. Dean decided to ignore them, heading towards the table with the tea, but he felt the skin on the back of his neck prickle. There was no way he was going to relax here, with Uriel around, but he wasn't going to let them see that their presence bothered him.
"Uh, yeah… Is there any tea left?" he asked. Alfie smiled at him at once.
"And you took her to your bed? Or Tom?"
"Whatever. What I mean to say is… What are your thoughts on kissing? I mean… kissing you good morning when we meet for breakfast." Cas seemed surprised by that question, but he folded up his newspaper, put it aside and looked at Dean with intensity.
"Eww, that's…" Dean pinched his nose, but carefully approached. Sam and Jack weren't faring any better, making faces as they walked up to the cabin. In a smelly heap lay an ugly doll.
But now the power was back, in the shape of a scraggly boy. Rowena got up and walked to her book shelf. She pulled out on of her smaller tomes, but what it lacked in size it made up in darkness. If the raw power of the wild came wrapped up in a kid, then she simply had to work around that. Her little Rapunzel was a tool, she just needed to figure out how to use it. She flipped through the pages until she found the right page. Her finger traced over the words which would set the route for Castiel's next dark journey: Impetus Bestiarum.
He quickly put down all he had learnt, requesting that they'd try to investigate that angle. It wasn't like borders to Kendrick were closed, they could just go on a sightseeing tour that just so happened to get close to the border region. He could imagine Bobby rolling his eyes and pointing out the rules of diplomacy, but fuck, Dean didn't care. They should figure it out!
"I've got another bet going on with Josie," Millie whispered in his ear, "I just know that Dean's gonna have a little girl, breaking Winchester traditions of first-born sons." She let go of him and Castiel looked down at her in surprise. Millie winked and patted his upper arms. "But you know. Josie might say it doesn’t count. She's always been a bit of stickler for rules."
"Dean?" Dean gave a start and probably looked like a kid with his hand stuck in a cookie jar when Cas pushed open the door to Dean's office. He held a bag of groceries in his free arm and his fist on the door still held his keys.
Cas wasn’t sure how long he did, completely immersed in his anguish, before something changed.
"I've thought a lot about what's happened in the last couple of weeks. Or months really… About decisions that you made and about my own," he said. Castiel listened to him carefully, his expression open. "About my place here and about my duties."
"Who cares about packs these days?" Dean said with a snort. "I owe everything to Sonny and to Sandover. It's right for me to be grateful and try to help the company. And you too should be grateful. Sandover gets you a good paycheck, far better than someone fresh out of college could have hoped for." Sam lifted his hands in defeat, then he turned back towards his task of putting up a shelf above the new desk.
"Wasn't I the best example of motherhood to you?"
"I will do that. It doesn’t sound very desirable anyway," Jack mused. Dean huffed and refrained from telling him how he'd most likely change his mind about that by the time his rut hit.
"No." Dean grinned, feeling so giddy and excited he could barely stand it. "But it'll take me some time to find a job, so we'll still have to figure out what to do until then. Since I'll be moving here, I think I'll be making the drive unless Jack decides he wants to meet me."
"Why is that so impossible for you to imagine? I've fallen in love before and lingered around even though the case was done. It's not totally groundbreaking for me!" he argued, feeling something in his chest clench uncomfortably.
"Ach, give the wee darling here and make your mum a cup of tea, won't you?" Castiel was slightly wary to hand Rowena the squirming infant, which Rowena rewarded with an exasperated eye-roll. "I won't eat him, promise!" Weighing his options, he finally put Sam down into Rowena's arms. "Ooooh, look at you! What a chubby darling! A shame that you haven't inherited my red hair! Don't expect to call me grandma, alright? I'll be Auntie Rowena for you! I'm only 300 years old after all!"
"No. Your and Dean's souls haven't been recycled as far as I know. It's very peculiar that this object can still exist here. But it has happened before," Castiel explained, stepping closer to the god to study the object too. Dean observed how the god tensed slightly when Cas was close to him and how he stared at Cas with wide eyes and a wary expression. "Most universes overlap in some aspect, allowing us angels to travel through them. Mostly this overlap comes together in unassuming landmarks or objects. The only way to be able to travel through them is to know that they can be activated as portals. Unless you're an angel of course, because we can create doors ourselves."
Dean stopped, the pen hovering above the parchment. Maybe he'd benefit from learning more about this, because there was no guarantee that Dean actually had the power to influence it. And even if he did, was sex really what was going to have Cas bounce back to normal?
"I've sent a letter to Sam, Dean's brother, to find out why Dean hasn't been through our village in months. Sam said he had accepted a hunt from King Crowley that took him across the continent."
"You're on cleaning duty today, Cassie," she said. Castiel looked down at the bucket. "What? You never complain if I give you a job, are you gonna start now?"
"Thanks for the coffee," Dean said, loud enough to be heard and Sister Jo nodded before she was pulled into a conversation. "Why does she know?"
"Thank you, Hannah," Cas answered, not sure if he should be embarrassed. But he was looking forward to seeing Dean. He climbed the rest of the stairs, then exited the servant corridors. It was a short walk to his room from there and he was glad to find that tea had already been brought up. He put aside the crate of ale. He shrugged out of his overcoat and took off the waistcoat he wore as well. He was no stranger to wearing uniform and armor for hours and hours, but when he was in the privacy of his home, he could afford to dress down. He had some outfits Dean seemed to be particularly fond of but he doubted there was time to change unless Dean was currently at training or in the bath. So he refrained and instead sat down at his writing desk, going through the different envelopes. He paused when he noticed the familiar hand of Uriel on one. He had only heard from Uriel sporadically and generally he had to be careful with the way he phrased his reports in case they were intercepted. He broke the seal and unfolded the letter, swiftly scanning the lines.
"A realm without magic, are you sure?" he asked and then turned towards the royal couple, eying John up and down. "Seems like it's owed to magic that you now have a king sat on this throne and not a sack of bones." The muttering started back up at that. John looked on grimly, level-headed enough not to aggravate the powerful witch and instead approach this dangerous situation with a clear mind. Mary however was not so much in possession of her full wits, as she was almost out of her mind with fear.
"I have to get going anyway," he said and checked the receipt Cas had handed him earlier. "That's for you," he told him and handed him some bills, as always with a good tip. Castiel gave him the coffee in return.
"Dad, this is Cas!" Emma said. "Cas this is my dad!" Dean's previously charming smile became wider in recognition and he held out his hand.
"What is it, babe?"
With a deep exhale, Castiel woke from the vague grasps of his dreams. He felt a lingering sense of unease as he lay there, looking up at the clear sky showing through the missing boards of the roof. For a moment he was simply happy to bask in the quiet magic of the night, of existing solely to witness the light of the stars. He let the last wisps of his dreams and memories seep away into the deeper, darker parts of his soul.
should be uncomfortable. He didn’t want to make Dean uneasy but he also didn’t want to have to leave his side. Cas simply had to trust Dean with the secret he had kept for so long. Being loved by someone was hardly the worst thing that had ever happened to Dean. But humans made things needlessly complicated at times.
"This is such a horrible design that it makes me feel right at home," Dean commented and judged by his expression he enjoyed the terrible décor.
"Of course," Cas answered, "I'll come down with you, so you can get into the car." Together they went back down to grab more stuff.
“Of course, you would think that,” the Shadow mocked. “I have seen inside you, Castiel. All your greatest hits and deepest regrets. You used to be quite something. You featured in the nightmares of many in here. Glorious, righteous, deadly. But now? You are empty. You measure your worth by only what you can sacrifice. Do you think the Winchesters will make you a shrine? Mourn you even?”
"We've noticed that the people of Rooney must deal with angels in at least some capacity. But that one of their kings would do that…" Mary said, shaking her head.
"Lisa moved to Ohio for you," Mary observed and Dean instantly felt the comment rub him the wrong way.
"As you know, our lawmakers aren't the most forward thinking. Harmful for business, a tragedy. But no matter what we all think, it's it is fact that Sandover HQ has reached its quota of omegas. Every new omega we bring in has to get a special permit and they need to be mated to a local alpha. Sandover would like this local alpha to be you." He made a pause there, studying Dean intently, then he pushed the envelope across the desk. "Everything is already arranged. You simply need to sign."
"Well, you're the exception to the rule, Cas," she told him with an appreciative nod. "If only dad could be like you."
"You're staying here," he said sharply. Dean opened his mouth to protest, but Cas continued before Dean could say anything: "The aim is not to get your citizens to shut up, but to reassure them. At least make sure that the unity within Winchester holds. That will be the job of the crown and Bobby."
"Old ones! I have brought to you a humble offering, a first son. I beseech you to take this child and trade his lifeforce for power," she called, her voice loud, a wave of energy that blew away the mist crawling over the ground. She pulled a small dagger from her belt and cut into her palm. "Remember my name! Rowena McLeod is the one who brought you this child and who is deserving of your reward!" she called. Three drops of blood fell to the ground and quickly a thin line of fire spread, circling the child and then it extinguished just as quickly. Castiel continued to cry, but other than that the Wild Forest was as silent as a grave. Rowena smiled. Without looking back, she turned around, leaving the site of Castiel's demise.
"Amazing mother, I'm honored to have your support," Castiel said flatly and Naomi swatted at him. "Sorry." He knew she didn't like his sarcasm.
"Why not?" she asked, shaking her head in confusion. "We took you in when you were orphaned. We're your family!"
Dean stared down at Cas, before he pushed back into Castiel's incomprehensive heat. He bit back on a moan, but then pressed his open mouth to Castiel's cheek.
The sun was fully up by the time they saw the first town behind a copse of trees. Some hours ago, the landscape had started to show signs of cultivation; weathered stone fences and paved roads painted patterns into the fields. Dean spotted a road sign that pointed towards a town called Milton Heights but they passed  the sign, taking a smaller road that curved around the outskirts of the town. From what Dean could tell it looked pretty much like the older towns on the old continent did. Dean had still been little when he had last visited but it had been impressive and just… old. Way older than any of the human towns on Elysium were. But the angels had been here for a very long time. Maybe he simply hadn't expected things to be so similar.
While he ate, surrounded by food and the chatter of his siblings, he wondered if the angels even knew what pie was.
"I don't know if it's cursed, but it's certainly something," Dean said and sat down next to Cas. Cas heaved a sigh, folding his hands on top of the book he had in his lap, then he looked up at Dean, waiting for him to go on. "Why do you have it?"
"I don't usually care much about dignity, but Dean… well… He's different. He has half my heart after all and it makes me… unreasonable…" Cas must have made an irritated enough expression for Gabriel to start laughing. "Stop it…" he growled.
"And husbands," Dean reminded him, but even though he was for some reason comfortable enough in Castiel's presence now to tease him, he felt a small pang of unease that felt almost foreign. But then Castiel smiled at him and it lifted.
"It's not like I'll ever meet him anyway," Castiel muttered, which Meg answered with a groan and then her heels clacked away. Clearly, she had reached her tolerance level for Castiel's moping. And to be honest, so had Cas himself. There was simply no point in driving himself mad with this.
"Ew! Don't talk about your dad's junk! Come on, Jack!" she said, shoving him towards the cabins, disregarding his protests. Castiel slowly got up, gathering the shorts and speedos and the swimsuits in his arms, making his way over to the changing rooms, like a man moving to the gallows. (Yes, okay, he was being dramatic, having two teenagers around has rubbed off on him.)
“I don’t know, Cas. That was a pretty good speech you whipped out there. If I didn’t think we were dying, if I didn’t realize that you were gonna sacrifice yourself to save me, then I would probably have been able to appreciate it a bit more,” Dean admitted.
"This is nice, Jack," Dean said, "doesn't look like your roommate is around yet, so does that mean you get first dibs on your room?" Jack seemed to like that idea and went to examine the rooms.
There probably was a lot Dean could have said, but he took in Castiel’s form, rigid but with hunched shoulders, tired eyes that shone brighter than before. There was a terrible heaviness in Dean’s stomach, making it hard to breathe. Dean knew what that look meant, he could read the weight in it, the plea. The cold terror shifted into something else entirely.
"Why do you think you can stick your nose into these affairs?!" he challenged.
"No. Grace isn't malicious but it can be… overwhelming. But since you have suffered no ill effects-" Dean protested by pointing at his shoulder, but Cas elected to ignore that, "you should be fine. And it's not the Grace keeping you alive. Your body is fully healed whether the Grace resides inside you or not."
"That was me, I was the baby," Jack commented dutifully and Castiel turned to look into the backseat where Jack was clearly paying attention to their conversation while also captivated by whatever was happening on his phone.
"We can go check out the hospital and the police station, for their records!" Jack said excitedly, once he had a milkshake in one hand and a burger in another.
“Everything’s okay,” Castiel said after a moment, taking a step back. “Jack healed you properly.” Max sighed in relief, taking Stacy’s hand.
"Sandover isn't your pack though, Dean."
"Well, you know how to reach me, if you ever feel like visiting," the god said and then he looked at Dean. "If you ever want to try my fabled mead," he added with a wink.
"Well fine, we'll shut up about it, for now," his mother agreed and then they decided that they had plenty more pie to eat.
"I… It's so bizarre," she admitted. "On route we met a man, who called himself Asmodeus." Cas tensed at the name, but he didn't interrupt. "He made pleasant small talk at first and when Sam told him about his desire to study and learn more of the world, he was very interested. He told him that there were lots of things he could teach him. He was a scholar and a collector of knowledge." Jess heaved a sigh. "I found him a bit… eerie, but I didn't dare say anything at all because clearly Sam was excited to talk to him and the things Asmodeus told us about were interesting… When we got here the guy invited us to stay in the same hotel as him to continue our conversation."
When he looked up he found Sam studying him.
Dean turned a corner and spotted light coming out of an open doorway. Dean stopped when he heard the shuffling of feet and then a man dressed in a robe came out into the corridor, bottles clutched to his chest. The man gave a start when he noticed Dean standing in the corridor, but quickly relaxed. Dean however was rooted to the spot.
"I usually eat in the kitchen," Cas told him.
"You don't need to do that," Cas told him. Dean wrapped his arm around Cas, kissing his forehead.
Could this really be a spell? Could his emotions be manipulated this subtly, this convincingly? He didn't remember one specific moment where his feelings for Cas went from vague interest to love. And he had been under love spells before, just like Sam. And it wasn't like this.
"How are you?"
"Nah, I promise I'll be good! Thanks, Cas! You're my savior!" she chirped, then she let herself drop into her chair and spun it around in celebration. Castiel shook his head, but he couldn't keep the smile off his face.
"You're a dick," the god decided but then he heaved a sigh and stepped towards the table where the offending item was sitting in its curse box.
. A being of intense light, painfully radiant eyes, glowing a deep blue. And then there had been nothing.
It was into this empty and silent manor that Gabriel barged in with the post. Dean was in a parlor with Cas, enjoying some coffee and pie and certainly not being a tiny bit mopey. It was so quiet and Dean felt the isolation even keener when nobody else was around. When he found Cas in here, he had decided to join him even though they didn't have anything particular to talk about.
"He won't stay. Ellen… There's always a next hunt, a next case. And I can't go with him. My mother tried, but we're not made for that life." He felt emotion rush up inside of him, like the rising tide. He gave a start when he felt Ellen's warm hand close around his own.
"And my good pie, right?" Dean asked with a wink and then motioned to the tables. "Speaking of which, Emma said there would be pie!"
Dean shook his head, then he looked up. It was almost 9 AM. Where was Cas?
"Fuck your sense of duty!" he hissed. "What point even is there in having sex be part of a deal? Is this like some old timey novel where a servant will come check the sheets for blood to make sure you were pure and untouched before marriage?" he asked, voice dripping with contempt. Cas didn't understand.
"Here," she said, then she put a small album into the basket, "we can spare this." Mary took the basket, while Cas kept holding onto Jack.
"Sure, makes sense," Dean said and looked at Jack, absorbed in the task of building a side table. "He could have splurged and sent in some guys to build this stuff though," he added jokingly.
“And now here we are,” Dean completed his story. “But I have no idea what’s up with your outfit…”
"My name. It's not an omega name. It's biblical in origin."
"It's all speculation at this point," Castiel said, not entirely dismissive.
"I just hope you are still strong enough to hold Sam back," Mary said firmly, then she dropped her eyes on Sam for one last look of shame. "Or… or kill him if everything else fails." Cas flinched back in disgust, appalled by this mother's heartless words. He looked down at the crying child.
“I… what?” Cas could hear Sam answer.
"Luckily I don't need your consent to take you if you don't agree to unleash your powers," Asmodeus informed him pleasantly.
Dean had received a run down on how his parents' journey had been by the time Castiel returned. Cas joined them at the table when Dean got up to pull the chair out for him. Again, Cas decided to put Jack on his legs.
“The Shadow poured everything that my brother had destroyed before its time into you. I can fix it now. I can’t use my brother’s powers properly. I am merely holding on to them for the most part until my brother has learned his lesson. But in this place, with you and creation inside you, I can return everything to how it used to be.”
Dean started paying more attention to Cas in ways that felt like betrayal. Dean had plenty of time to himself where he could do whatever he wanted, so he reluctantly combed through the house, looking for anything that gave off a supernatural vibe.
"I've never been particularly interested in human fiction. Especially if they involved dragons… My mother finds them offensive." Dean rolled his eyes at that which rubbed Cas the wrong way instantly. "We often are the bad guys and die. How could you possibly find that interesting?"
"Good. Don't worry. Sam will be fine," Dean promised and hoped that he was right. Castiel sighed deeply but he nodded eventually.
A hush fell over Naomi's living room the moment Castiel stepped in. Castiel looked first at Naomi, seeing the smallest of frowns between her brows, before he continued to let his eyes travel. Raphael was there and his expression was as smug and pleased as ever.
(If you've read the tags you saw that there's very temporary character death. It's part of a spell, similar to how Dean and Sam asked Billie to kill them to get out of prison.)
"Oh… yes… It was just… weird in the shelter. I'll be fine."
"This weekend. He said his parents were very excited that they can profit off of Dean making the drive to Illinois almost every weekend," Cas answered.
"So… you've got a hunter sign," Dean said, to make small talk while he waited for the coffee.
"I'm just joking, Cas. I don't care what kind of car you drive," he told him, wrapping his arm around him. Cas snorted but he seemed appeased. "Now, anybody else I gotta meet?"
"You're alright," she said and Dean gave a jerky nod. Mary breathed in deeply, lowering her head until her forehead touched his mattress. She took another fortifying breath, then she straightened up and got on her feet. She turned to John and Dean could see that she was all business now. Selfishly Dean hoped to at least share a moment with her to receive a hug. But Dean wasn't a child anymore…
"Sounds creepy," Dean muttered. "To not be alone in your head." Castiel lifted his eyebrow, looking down at Dean.
"Sorry about that, FBI stuff," Dean said when he spotted Castiel. "But good thinking. I could go with some pie!" Castiel put a slice on the plate and made some more coffee for Dean. He considered making some for himself as well, but then the door open and a small group of teenagers came in.
“I don’t like talking to your boots,” he admonished and after having heard Meg’s laughter he closed the window again. He sat down at his desk and returned to the document he was reviewing. He never knew what kind of intern he’d get because Hannah up in HR did all of the approving of applications. Usually they were high school kids, alphas or betas even though Castiel always asked for an omega. He was working for the office of omega equality after all. Not that anyone seemed to care. His complaints usually were met with a careless assurance that beggars couldn't be choosers. And if that wasn't an uplifting affirmation what people considered Cas to be or how much value they attributed to his work.
And now Cas was conscious enough to feel the last glimmers of his one happy moment die away, leaving behind nothing but grief. He should be proud and content, because he had saved Dean and in the end that was worth everything. But still regret crept into the crevices left behind by that evaporated happiness. Maybe he was already asleep in the Empty, left alone to feel the loss for all of eternity. Maybe the Shadow didn’t even need to do anything at all but leave Cas to mourn.
"Then why not lead with that right away?" Dean grumbled, still feeling thrown off a bit by the discussion concerning his soul.
It was Charlie who slapped her palms continuously against the table, trying to get people to stop talking all over each other.
Dean was yawning once they set out for the last stretch of the journey. The day dawned around the travelers in cold, purple hues. The fog clung to the hills and the tall grass. They were on an actual paved road now, no longer guiding their horses through endless seeming gentle hills. The terrain had smoothed out a lot since they had left the alpine regions of the Toes.
"No. They haven't changed and I don't plan for them to change," he explained, leaving Dean wondering what he was missing. Cas seemed to notice his confusion. He turned towards him, bending slightly closer to Dean almost as if what he had to say should best be whispered.
“It wasn’t wasted,” Castiel insisted, glad for the distraction from his grief, even though it continued to hollow him out.
"You don't have to be afraid, Dean. Statistically-" Castiel started.
"You heard me baby. We're gonna have fun," moustache said with a leer, his eyes travelling Cas up and down. He was leaning in close, inhaling loudly. "You smell like heaven, like you're already all slick for me."
Castiel felt his heart grow heavy with sadness. There was so much potential to do good with magic and so much they could give to the world, but there was a limit to how indulgent the coven was when it got to Castiel's compassion for humans.
Castiel felt an intense sense of regret at being on this battle field, at seeing this young human prince being whisked away from a long vibrant life. And he decided that he wouldn't let it end here. Not like this.
"There are almost too many, but I can read their warning," Castiel said, his voice low as not to worry the people around them. "Yellow eyes dreams of fire."
"Is that how angels have sex or did he lack experience?" Charlie wondered and Dean shrugged.
"We can buy you a dress later, now shut up and put the glasses back on your nose, evil twin."
As you well know, every story has its beginning.
"How dare you!" Dumah was the first to speak up, but she was more surprised than outraged by what had just transpired. Nobody quite seemed to know how to react. Eventually Naomi stepped forward, her hand raised.
"Cas…" Dean rasped. "It's okay."
"Uh…" Dean started, but Naomi lifted her hands.
Jack was surprised to find that a good night’s rest did in fact do him good. He woke up feeling rested and calm. For a moment he lay in bed and tried to imagine himself as the dark center of the galaxy. It wasn’t exactly a disquieting feeling, quite comfortable after all.
Slowly the ground before him bubbled up into a shape, but it was slow and awkward, until finally Jack rolled his neck with a displeased expression on his face. Cas took a step back in surprise.
Mind made up and support from his closest friends here acquired, Dean decided one more trip to the library was in order.
"Fucking angels," Dean muttered while Benny only shook his head.
"Hey Mom. You're on speaker," he said.
"You wouldn't have," Castiel said quietly but Dean didn't answer.
"I guess if you know, you know," John said, "but that's still a big step and will take a lot of work. He just moved after all, I doubt he'd be ready to uproot his life and go to Ohio with you."
"You! You're supposed to keep the hunter in line!" was the first thing Raphael shouted. The words hit hard, swirling up immediate fear and worry for Dean. Despite his attempt at composure, Raphael's keen eyes must have found something to latch on to. He narrowed his eyes, smoothed out his angry scowl to a superior sneer. "Do you even know where he is?"
"Poisoning his food would have been much too conspicuous," Castiel argued, far more diplomatically than Anael did. "A hunter comes to investigate a freak storm and then dies under mysterious circumstances at my café?" Castiel asked and he could see Dumah wrinkle her nose, "that would be drawing the wrong kind of attention. Besides, I don't want to ruin my business." Gabriel burst out with an unattractive laugh at that and Castiel turned his head to look to the side, suddenly wary. Had the last comment been too much? He did care about his business, but obviously not to a degree where it was more important to him than human life. But Castiel's worry was unfounded.
On one hand Dean absolutely wanted to meet a version of himself that was a god, because that was awesome and he could rub it into Sam's face (or Cas' face because if Dean was a god then Sam probably was too). On the other hand Dean had met many pagan gods in the last couple of years and none of them were… well… Good people. He had killed almost every god he met.
in the back of his head.
"Let's get out of here and worry about what has happened later, okay?" Dean asked, and Sam marveled at how quickly he was back in business after having just died. Maybe, he thought, that was just how noble princes were. Dean clapped Sam on the back, then he drew his blade and guided them all out of the cursed cabin, leaving behind the still smoldering ashes of Asmodeus.
"Uh, yes. Why wouldn't I be?"
"I already have plans for today!" he announced, taking Cas by surprise.
"Alright!" he announced but then didn't say anything else, looking up at Cas with something akin to expectation. Cas only titled his head, prompting Dean to explain what he wanted: "Do you have something to drink?"
"If they won't lift your banishment then they will lose their heir to the throne," Dean said with a cheerful smile. Both Castiel and Sam stared at him, to which Dean shrugged. "You have nothing to worry about Cas. I chose you. Over the realm, over the crown, I chose you." Dean went to Cas' side, plucking the letter out of his hands, then pulling Cas close to him to kiss him. "And I can't wait to court your properly. With or without a future crown to tempt you with."
"Okay," Dean mumbled.
"So? What are you going to do about it? Kill him?" Cas asked, his voice carrying both a challenge and a warning.
“What does this mean?” Jack wondered, looking over Dean’s shoulder, no concept of personal space.
He went through the books, their titles all boringly mundane. Dean pulled out a well-worn book and leafed through it but there was nothing hidden in any either.
"Get out! Go to hell!" a man was shouting. Dean exchanged a look with the nun, then they ran to where the commotion was, finding a nurse keeping to the very edge of the tent, clipboard held to her chest. There were many beds lined up, most holding people with grave injuries and some already had the blankets drawn over their bodies. A man was standing by one bed, a woman lying in it. Dean could see that she was gone. Castiel was standing by the foot of the bed, looking grim.
"I don't care," Dean answered. "I don't care that you regret it or that you thought you did it to spare my life. You had options, Cas. You could have spared both of us a lot of suffering if you had just taken a stand."
"Great, good talk," he muttered, but then he got up and went to the bathroom, the door slamming shut. Castiel breathed in deeply. But his sadness was momentarily brushed aside by a faint trace of a nice smell. He pulled at his shirt and gave it a sniff. Ah yes, there it was. Cas couldn't quite pinpoint it. Maybe it was the detergent? It smelled nice, comforting.
By midday the fires were still burning, but a dreadful quiet and darkness had settled over the town of Lawrence. The magical rain continued on, and Castiel stood in a door frame, sheltered from the rain, holding on to his upper arms. Dean was helping coordinate with the royal forces, trying to account for people, organizing shelters and manpower. Counting the dead… Castiel couldn't think about it just yet. He still felt the heat of the fire, so familiar to him, despite its vicious nature.
"Cas," Dean said, his voice sounding almost awed. Cas smiled at him until Dean made space to let him inside. "Thank you for coming." Cas put down his bag and closed the distance between him and Dean, wrapping him up in a firm hug. Dean was very warm and he smelled nice. Dean returned the hug, pulling Cas close and kissing his head. "Thank you."
"I'll get straight to the point then," Anna said and her smile was replaced by her usual professionalism. Castiel reacted accordingly, straightening at once, lifting his head high. "An army out of Winchester has crossed our border and have sent message with an intent to battle." Castiel widened his eyes slightly. "You understand why I had to call you back. You are to mobilize the army and meet the human forces in battle."
Slowly, Cas' worried, circling thoughts were calming and a sense of contentment was replacing the hollow feeling inside of him.
"You little vermin…!" he shouted. "You're scum! You bring shame to our coven, to all witches! You're nothing but a dirty traitor, just like your mother!! And if the coven won't act, then I will!" He lifted his hand, magic sparking all around it. The witches close to him jumped to the side, nobody trying to contain him. He shot the magic at Cas, intent to kill him, but Cas lifted his hand, swiping away the power. Raphael's victorious grin slipped. Castiel flicked his hand and, still with his hand outstretched and his mouth open in surprise, Raphael turned into a statue of salt. A shout of alarm went through Naomi's living room, but Castiel ignored it. He closed his hand and what was left of Raphael crumbled.
If there was one thing that Dean was convinced of, it was that Jack should definitely stick to a proper sleep schedule. Wasn't that good for the development of young brains or something? Surely. He grumbled something around a cup of coffee that Cas had prepared for them. Because, even though Cas didn’t sleep at all he at least understood now that humans needed sleep. And that if you woke them up at 5 AM with excited rambling, they were not going to be happy without at least one cup of coffee. And even then they wouldn't be happy.
"Mostly they're Adler's messes," Dean grumbled. "But to your question… yes. I want to be with Cas and that means I have to be there to support him when things are though and they're though for him right now."
"In a way. I think that blessing turned out particularly well," Castiel retorted with a smile.
Dean didn't seem to mind the attention and kept shooting Castiel little smiles here and there, complimenting his food and Castiel almost forgot about his hangover or how dangerous it was to let himself be tangled up in Dean's fabricated love.
"Oh." Dean looked at Cas, worried at what would come now. Why would they be discussing Cas? Lucifer
"Of course, Dean."
"Castiel awaits you. Do you need me to stay so I can guide you back to your quarters later?" she asked. Dean shook his head. "Good. Have a nice evening." With that she stepped around him and went back to work.
After drinking his tea, Dean made his way back to his tent, knowing that he would not be getting any sleep tonight.
"Of course," Castiel agreed and this was far easier than Dean had expected. "There is a post office in Milton Heights, but I will get Hannah on this task. If you hand her the letters, she will get them to a messenger who will volunteer to go back and forth between Winchester and Milton Manor."
"What happened? They said you had to retreat because the information was wrong," Sam started but before Dean could answer, Sam continued: "I've heard talk however. That you were defeated, that you… that you were badly wounded."
"I see. There's scent neutralizer in the cupboard where the first aid kit is," Cas explained because Emma's discomfort with the scent was more important than Cas' desire to bottle it up and keep it under his pillow.
“Thank god,” Dean grumbled even though it was probably insensitive to be relieved about the emergency phone ringing. Dean picked it up right away.
. I tried so hard and yet you do not want me.” He sounded curious as he said it, almost as if he just recognized this. There was no judgment or anger in his voice, but the weight of his gaze was terrible. Almost sad.
Yours faithfully Castiel
“Jack. Jack... listen.” Sam shot his brother a look who only lifted his eyebrows. “Dean and I, we - we want to talk to you about your powers.”
“It’s alright,” was all Claire said, pretending to be bored, but then she grinned and darted back into the house. The real estate agent smiled encouragingly and while Cas heaved a sigh (or sent a prayer for strength up into the sky) he let himself be pulled into the house by Dean.
"But you don't have to worry about that. We are still the king and queen, so this is our duty. You've already paid for our misjudgment."
Dean waited for a moment but nobody came to open the door, so he grumbled and let himself in when he found the door unlocked. It was chilly and dark in the stone hall behind the door.
He ignored his phone.
"I'm still angry but you're very sweet," Cas said, pulling his son close so he could kiss his hair. "But now go to the kitchen, you're on pizza duty. And we'll have to talk about respecting people's boundaries later."
He finally reached the mostly empty parking lot behind the building that called itself the mall, but was a mostly empty and boarded up building from a decade in which Raurica had believed in prosperity. Like almost everything in Raurica, it had only been a mediocre success and slowly faded away. Which left this spot a good place as any for a hunter to leave his car and for a witch to enact his attack.
"Oh, not you, sorry," Dean told Jack. "So, you and Harper…?"
Castiel rubbed his temples, hoping the rough treatment could chase away the dizzying headache. He hadn't been hangover in nearly a decade and had forgotten how unpleasant it was to get drunk on Gabriel's spiked witch wine. On top of the mix of nausea and pounding headache, Dean hadn't shown up either.
"I appreciate your concern, but I've thought it through. It's only sex. He's easy on the eyes and it's been a while, so I don't doubt I'll get it up."
"Dean…"
"That's good," Dean said and the god nodded. "I don't think you can help mom with her baggage, but now that I think of it one prince of hell is still out there. Asmodeus," he continued. "You don't happen to have a weapon that can kill a prince of hell? Just in case?"
Dean lifted his eyebrow at Cas and with some embarrassment, he recalled that he was still staring at Dean.
"And you're a member of the coven? Along with Naomi, Michael, Raphael, Gabriel and a whole host of other people who are living and operating here in Raurica?"
"There's Grace in you, from when I healed you," he explained and that did seem to startle Dean. "Having sex might open me up enough for it to flow back into me. Even if we don't form a bond, I'd appreciate my Grace back." Dean seemed to think this over.
"Oh, Castiel…"
Amara rolled her eyes. The Shadow, taking the form of her brother just to be as annoying as it possibly could, was lounging on God’s throne. They were meeting in Heaven, a place Amara didn’t particularly like. Earth was clearly her brother’s superior creation. And she would prefer to get back there, because she couldn’t trust that Dean wouldn’t go abduct her brother and return him to the trunk of his car if it took too long.
“Good,” he said. He then excused himself to put away their gear and get a shower. And finally Jack let go the breath he had been holding.
Sandover was the most important thing in Dean's life, but even he had to wonder if working here was worth… well, prostitution. This was what Zachariah was implying. Mr. Novak was selling his body for Dean to use so that he could get transferred to HQ.
"I'm sorry," Cas said earnestly. "Raurica doesn't offer a lot of entertainment…"
"What can you tell me about sex?" Dean almost dropped his phone at that, feeling his heart pretty much summersault in his chest.
Since it was in his room, it obviously was meant for him, so he examined it. It held clothing. A simple shirt and a pair of jeans. He was instinctively reminded of the hat, but upon closer inspection he was certain that this was simply regular clothing. Of the kind he had worn when he was human, though maybe slightly more expensive. Castiel wasn't sure what to do with it. Eventually he took them to the dresser, opening it for the first time since he had deposited the hat inside. He put them into the same drawer and closed it. Well, now the dresser at least had some further content.
"What the fuck?!" Dean called, unable to contain his disbelief, even though he knew that he should keep his damn mouth shut here. Mary and John looked equally appalled, so they didn't even think to chastise him for blurting it out.
"It seems Jack's in a bit of a rebellious alpha phase though," Mary mused, her voice quiet.
"A sight for sore eyes!" the god said excitedly and took the basket from Cas, who then opened the clasp of his coat and hung it on a hook by the door.
"We're not in public, this is not court. I'm here as a father on the bedside of his son who almost died," he said and Dean felt so grateful he might have blinked his eyes a bit harder. But his father also looked away, blinking at the ceiling.
"No… They do assume the attacks to be demonic. But the accepting attitude towards the angels has somewhat turned, though we couldn't quite tell if that was because they stopped protecting them as efficiently or something else…" she explained.
"Fourth unexplained death in what police have come to see as the work of a deranged serial killer. The fourth victim was found in the same occult set up, her blood had been drained into bowls and black candles were placed around her. Blood had been used to draw a pentagram on the floor by her head and leave a message on her naked body. The police won't disclose further information, but friends of the victim claimed the words to have been "traitor". The police isn't any closer to catching the culprit and advises the public to be cautious."
"Bobby obviously did his due diligence. Anna had too many witch related items in her house for a regular person, even someone who is just trying to hide from witches. Bobby found the pendant under her body. The cord to her necklace had been cut away… So that made him suspicious. What also made him suspicious was a trail of blood…"
Dean himself had to answer to the council who dared to question his competence as a leader.
"I'm sorry," he whispered.
"Hey, the dude had it coming. No respect for the community. And he didn't follow through on the deal. It's not like we're demons. We don't have to uphold our end of the bargain," Gabriel said.
It was fine. They didn’t have to know.
Dean's phone rang and Dean pulled it out. He noticed that he had multiple missed calls and texts. How did that happen…? The caller ID showed Sam's name.
"We should talk later. But I promise I'll be careful."
"Dean!" Dean turned around, finding the head of the scouting team coming down the path with a quick pace. Dean was alarmed for only a moment before he could see that Garth's expression was as unconcerned as it usually was. "You'll totally want to see this," he said, his face breaking out into an excited smile.
"I don't actually know for sure since this is not really a question we tend to concern ourselves with," Cas said with a chuckle. "But I'm pretty sure she's my… how would you say? Birthmother? But it's not too relevant. Blood means less to us than bonds."
Thoughts running wild and fantasies being chased by shame plagued Castiel the entire night.
Decision made, Castiel turned to the only person he could: Rowena. In hindsight, it had been a bit of a hare-brained, desperate measure because Castiel knew nothing about child-rearing and Rowena was the only mother he knew. Granted, she was a horrible mother and responsible for about 90 percent of his personal tragedy, but they had found something akin to mutual respect a good 40 years ago and things had been somewhat civil since then.
"She has no son," Castiel reminded him sternly, his voice carrying loudly over the field, "isn't that consequence enough?" Gabriel groaned, his whole body moving with the exasperated roll of his eyes.
And then there was Dean, hands put into his pocket, leaning against the car. Sam was there too, smiling over the hood of the car, giving a small wave. Dean's expression was more guarded and Cas was aware of how Dean studied him from head to toe. Castiel gathered his nerves. He was still an angel (even if he was temporarily human). He never backed down from a fight and this wasn't even that. This was a pleasant reunion. And he loved Dean, he was certain of it, his heart swelling at his sight, at the small smile starting at the corner of Dean's mouth. Cas would love his scent, he was sure of it. It would only confirm what Cas already knew.
"And what do you think?" Dean prompted after a while. When his parents still didn't answer, Dean decided to continue. "May I add that I love Castiel? And that these last weeks, when we were no longer married, have been torture to me?"
Castiel and Uriel were waiting for them a short way from the foot of the mountain, without any further angels accompanying them, looking surprisingly normal in regular travelling clothes.
"Are you still open?" Dean asked, looking around at the empty shop.
"You can do with it whatever you want. But… I know that this is now your house too but I can't help being…" Dean shrugged helplessly.
Dean wiped a hand across his face.
“It’s fine, Jack,” he assured him. Jack breathed in deeply and then he turned his attention back to Dean who had started putting food on plates.
"Oh yes," Cas answered promptly and his hands went to the buttons of his shirt. "That's very considerate of you." Dean winked at him.
After she had cut Castiel's hair short and wrapped up the long braid, she was on her way with a final pinch to Sam's cheeks.
"What's going on? Did something happen?" Charlie wondered, when she waved at Ambriel and Hael on their way back from their dinner room, and only got a polite nod in return, the angels quick to disappear. Dean didn't know how to answer her but the girl was clever enough to figure it out herself. "Cas found out about your letter?"
human kingdoms!" Gasps went through the guests and Mary stared at Sam in horror. "Look at the boy, so adorable, so innocent, but upon his 18
The profile pic was the upper body of a man wearing what looked like a sunflower swimsuit. Dean couldn't see the guy's face, but from what he could see the guy was pretty well-built for an omega. There were some other pics, one of the swimsuit – bikini actually – draped over suitcase and another one of the omega in the bikini, a big hat obscuring his face. But wow, he did have an amazing body. Also, this reminded Dean that he too had ordered stuff for a beach vacation that matched this pretty well. It seemed… well, not fate, but it was clearly some kind of sign that he should at least send the guy a message.
"Because I don't have to fit in, Dean," Castiel told him. "I had to, when I was human. It's not that I don't know how to do it if I must, but it's not something I need to do…"
"Well, usually it takes two to make eggs."
With a grunt, Dean bucked his hips and forced Cas to fall on his back.
“Yeah…?”
"Hi everyone," Dean said with a grin and received an echoed hi back.
"I'm fine. Peachy," he said, not even trying to make his tone sound anything but fake and mocking. He heard Charlie heave a big sigh into the phone.
Bizarrely enough, Dean showed up to their second date with a carton containing a slice of pie.
"Yes, I got into the beers," Cas confirmed, then he took a step back, letting Dean in. He closed the door after him and studied Dean, his tipsiness not able to suppress his worry.
"We are angels, you are nothing but infants to us. No need to get offended," he said. "And because you need guidance a complete retreat away from you, leaving an empty land behind, might not have been the council's best decision." Castiel nodded slowly.
"I guess it's possible. But it doesn't really fit any monster MO I can think of. Succubi don't operate like that," Dean wondered.
"You should choose wisely what to do," Castiel warned them. He nodded towards the guards and they lifted the flap to the tent. "Couriers will be by with further information. Use this time to recover and once everyone has regained their strength be on your way home." With those words and a last fleeting look at Dean, he left the tent, followed by Uriel and his guards, leaving behind a deep, tense silence.
"There was. I didn't want you to die…" he said and that made Dean lower his head. He stood there for a moment, but then he clenched his fists and got the key out of his pocket. He approached Cas and unlocked the witch catcher, careful not to cause harm. Castiel took a deep breath, feeling his magic flow freely again. He took a moment to regain his composure and then he looked at Dean.
"Not because I wanted to save myself!"
"But I will refuse," he said and the tip of the dagger pointed at Castiel's throat trembled as Mary cried.
"Dean… The witch that the hunter killed? It was Anna. Anna Novak was the witch." Dean sucked in a breath.
"Then we'll just have to come visit again until they believe it…" Dean wrapped his arms around Cas, laughing softly.
"My my my, if it isn't Rapunzel. It seems I'm exceptionally lucky today!"
"Maybe it's best if you wait outside," Castiel said, looking towards Dean. Dean shook his head. "My Grace will explode and my wings will burn to ash. You could be hurt."
"Yeah, but I don't know what to do now...," Dean told him. "Even if I get back home, I can't talk to Cas because he's giving me the cold shoulder." Of course, Dean deserved it with how he had been acting.
"This better not be a picture of his genitals," Cas warned, dismayed.
"Yes, you're right. But that's not my problem," he said. "I just wanted to make sure that you knew the facts." For some reason seeing Gabriel leave just like that, made Dean panic.
Castiel's existence spanned billions of years, enough for him to have seen and experienced an arguably rich collection of all things there were to be seen and experienced. At least, if you judged the wealth of experiences and his vast knowledge by angelic standards.
"We wouldn't want it to keep roaming about, who knows if it reconsiders its decision to let you and your friends go," Dean said with a charming smile. Drought seemed to weigh down his option but eventually he nodded jerkily.
"Mary," John started, getting up from his chair. Dean looked up at him with a bright smile as he passed, so he bent down to pat him on the head fondly.
"I'm sure that's not how he says it," Castiel said with a smile to which Emma huffed. She propped her elbow up on the table and stared at her slice of pizza with a small frown. "Uhm," Castiel started up again, taken by surprise by her suddenly serious expression, "I might not know much about parenting, but it seems normal to want to make sure that you complete your tasks so that you will do well in school."
"He's a pagan god," he declared and looked to the side to find Dean reach up his hand to tap the bridge of his nose. The markings returned, as did the freaky eyes. Sam and Mary took a step back, surprised, but at least they didn't get into attack mode again. "Incidentally, the cursed dildo also exists in his world. It was created… in his likeness." The god turned to him, his expression one of betrayal and embarrassment. Dean shrugged.
So maybe it was true that there was still an imbalance because the Grace inside of Dean probably didn't quite want to budge (at least Dean hadn't felt any deterioration in his strength or ability to see Cas' wings). But still, the dude was probably full of shit and just not a morning person. Dean could relate. Without coffee he didn't feel like starting his day either.
"You're too soft, Castiel. Remember, those people and even Dean… They're just humans. And no matter what you think, you're not. You're a witch. Different rules apply to you. You should remember that," he reminded him. Castiel didn't say anything. He opened the door to the car and then he looked back at Gabriel.
"What about you though?" Benny asked.
"I don't… I don't know if it's enough," Castiel confessed, feeling the tears gather in his eyes. He wouldn't cry, not here, not now, but he felt horrible.
"I bet," she muttered. Dean rolled his eyes but at least Benny was being a friend and went to tell Donna or Jody or whoever he found first. "So, what was he like? Good? Bad? Rocked your world?"
"You're unbelievable!" he said, then he put his swimsuit back into the shopping bag.
"We were just about to summon you," Sam told him with an annoyed expression, but Gabriel's grin didn't slip. Well, Gabriel might be an asshole, but at least it wasn't someone else. Like Metatron. He'd rather stay here forever than trust that guy to send him back home.
“Dean!”
"I'm here to keep an eye on you," Benny reminded him, his eyebrow lifted. Dean waved him away and luckily for him, Benny relented. It wasn't like he was actually in much danger, considering Castiel had still not gotten what he wanted from him. When he stepped out, he felt the cold wind hit him like a slap to the face. It took a moment to get used to the sting, but after a while he stepped away from the tent. Their camp consisted of a circle of tents, with a firepit in the middle, where he could see some angels chat among themselves, laughing, drinking out of steaming cups.
“I don’t know who told you this whole open closet door business, but usually ghosts don’t just float around looking to find an open closet to hang out in,” Dean informed him while he logged his findings into his ipad. Case closed. “Usually, ghosts are tied to a particular location, typically one that was relevant to them, like the place they died,” Dean explained. Jack listened with interest. He wondered if he should give the kid the “monster 101” guide he had written some time ago while he had been laid up with a broken leg, maybe the kid would be interested in that. “Sometimes they are tied to objects as well and can be moved from place to place. So if you’ve got no skeletons or cursed things in your closet, you should be fine.”
“She was already dying when the Empty got her. I suppose that maybe she died and was absorbed into the Empty while I was unconscious,” Cas suggested, turning his attention back to the small screen. Dean still wore a frown, but it was gradually changing to something else.
"Good job," Dean told him later with a pleased smile. "I knew you got it. Also, clever way of asking me out on a date." Castiel, who didn't need to drink or eat, but at least knew how to appreciate it as an activity he loved sharing with Dean, raised his wine glass to Dean.
By the time Cas opened his café the next morning, the air was still wet and crisp, with the scent of the storm lingering, but the sky was lighting up clear, not a single cloud in sight. The morning paper called it another freak storm that meteorologists still puzzled over, but humans always found reasonable explanations even to the most bizarre thing happening. Sometimes they just needed a little nudge into the right direction.
The harsh reality was that Sandover was all that Castiel had. And he couldn't disappoint Naomi.
"No. I'm
"Then I'll be looking for jobs in Dayton," Cas decided. Just like that. Dean looked at him.
"What…?" Dean blurted out, looking up at Cas, his eyes wide. Contrary to what Dean expected there was a small smile on Cas' lips. "Why? I mean… usually it takes a ghost apparition for people to realize that I'm not crazy."
"Yes," Castiel answered truthfully. "There is no more reason to conceal the truth." Anger flashed in Dean's eyes.
"As if anyone wants to come to the land of angels," Dean muttered. "I'm not going to force anyone. It's not in the job description of my men."
"So what?" Dean asked to which he got an incredulous stare. "It was my mother who banished you, right? By law I can give you permission to come into the country for a limited time, if you are accompanied. And I need your help to find Sam, alright? So, banishment partially lifted?" Castiel didn't seem convinced at all, but eventually his worry for Sam must have won out over keeping to the terms of his banishment. And what kind of witch did that? Willingly stick to human made rules when he could probably just disregard them?
"Oh my God!" Mary finally exclaimed, pumping her fist. "I'm so glad you two are taking this step!"
"Ugh, keep it in your pants, Michael," Anael mocked, with a roll of her eyes. Michael merely smiled, self-assured and pleased with himself.
"Dude! What are you, 14?" Dean exclaimed, loud enough to draw the attention of some other patrons. Out of the corner of his eyes he could see that the bar tender was very interested in this conversation and moustache studied them. Probably just biding his time. Not today, asshat. Not
"I'm deeply sorry, but we only have one bed to spare right now," she said apologetically. "We don't have many guests right now, but relatives are over." She looked at Dean with a regretful expression. "But you are welcome to stay, if you are able to share."
"No, Jack. Everything's fine. But Dean and I were talking…" Cas found that he was actually nervous, fidgeting with his fingers, so he folded his hands on top of the table to keep them in check. "And we would like to move in together." Jack's frown eased up and he opened his mouth to utter a little "oh". He leant back in his chair, studying Cas.
"That's not a problem, is it?" he asked and now it was John's turn to roll his eyes. "I had no coming out. I'm so sorry that I made you miss out on this milestone." John lifted his hand at him, waving dismissively and Dean grinned at him cheekily.
That Castiel would suggest Dean's visit to a human settlement had been unexpected. And now Dean couldn't help wondering what would happen if he was back there. And what Cas would do if Dean somehow decided he didn't want to come back. It wasn't like Dean planned on it, but he felt a rebellious, proud part of him suggest that he should at least entertain the notion. What would Castiel do if Dean violated the treaty?
"No… I don't think so either," Dean answered, "but I'll find a way." His parents were quiet after that, doing that weird silent conversation they often did. It made him feel somewhat defensive. "What?"
"At least that explains the cursed dick!" he said and the god groaned.
The weeks that followed were characterized by great comfort, but also an underlying melancholy. Growing up Dean had imagined what marriage would be like, once he had to do his duty and take a wife. His imagination had never been quite as comforting and enjoyable as it actually was with Cas. Of course, Dean wasn't here as a prince, his duties were limited and his free time ample, even if he spent some hours in the library each day, to study while Cas attended to Jack or his angelic duties. Cas had sent word to Anna, Naomi and Michael and Dean knew that he was continuing his efforts to push for his convictions regarding human and angel interaction. Anael, who Dean had only met briefly that one time, had spent an entire week in the manor, listening to Cas propose change. Since she was wholly uninterested in Jack, Cas had begged Dean to watch him, which forced Dean to actually spend time with Jack on his own for a change. The kid had initially grumbled and whined when Cas wasn't within eyesight, but his eyes had flashed golden once, his little face intense, and then he mellowed out. Dean assumed this was what communion looked like. After that Jack had been a pretty laid-back kid for Dean to deal with, accepting the bottle and luckily refrained from pooping his pants for Dean to clean up, leaving the less savory parts of parenting to Cas.
"That was kind of pathetic, Castiel," he said, grin widening when he noticed how startled Castiel was. "You should have gone for it! Dean's easy prey now that he's in your magic's clutches!" And just like that the soft, warm feeling that Dean's presence had left was blown away and the familiar shame and disgust returned.
“No, that’s… that’s okay I guess. It’s just… you know…,” Dean gestured vaguely and even though Cas waited patiently for Dean to explain, he didn’t offer anything else. After a while he sighed. “Sure. I’ll show you the website later so you can check out the story and the campaign we’re currently doing. Though I’m a bit out of the loop. I haven’t been since before I met you.”
It was getting dark already and Dean's fingers felt cold and numb when he turned his dad's journal around in his palms, waiting for Cas. Finally, the door opened with its tell-tale creak and Cas slipped inside.
"For someone who once told me you had no people skills, you are pretty observant," Dean said with a small smile. Castiel narrowed his eyes at him, but there was no heat behind it. "Yeah… My parents are like that… Once I left college my relationships never lasted… I think they're just reluctant to trust me when I tell them that I want you around for a long, long time." Cas smiled up at him, leaning in to kiss him.
"Because we're not
"For a moment there… I felt… sadness and longing… Were those from you?" Dean wondered and Cas's face changed, taking on a guarded, almost embarrassed look.
“There’s a way to test, but it will be very uncomfortable,” Castiel told him. “I have to reach inside of you and feel your soul. It will hurt but you have to stay very still or it could harm us both.” Jack hesitated.
It was years later, twelve to be precise, when Castiel found his way back to Rowena. She had carelessly taken note of someone stumbling through her Rapunzel, but she was knitting right now, so whatever punishment she doled out would have to wait until this line was done. But then there was a knock on her door, a little one, almost a shy little rasp as if someone wasn't sure if this was the right door. Hah! If someone came knocking at a witch's door they should better be sure what they're doing. Rowena was tempted to let the moment pass, but then the knocking returned, louder this time, almost a bang and Rowena startled when the door swung open, crashing against the wall. Rowena rose out of her chair with an annoyed huff, facing the intruder.
"Maybe that's what you need to do with Sam. Make his powers grow. He could end the reign of humans, wouldn't that be nice?" Castiel shook his head. "Then what else are you going to do? Just keep Sam locked up here until the king and queen send out a knight in shining armor to your tower to kill him?"
"If you fall from Grace, and it's a deep, deep fall, then where will you go?" Dean could see Lucifer's eye flash red. It was menacing even though Lucifer never lost his charming smile.
He heaved a sigh and shook his head. This sucked but he couldn't just let it go because it was uncomfortable. This was a case and he was still a hunter. Dean grabbed his phone, dialing Sam's number. His brother picked up right away.
"So… Since it looks like I'll be here for a while, how about we see each other outside of this café, too?" he said and then, just to make sure that Castiel couldn't misunderstand he added: "Like a date."
"You're screwed Clarence." With a groan, Castiel turned away from Meg's taunting boots. The small window out into the courtyard was letting in its usual chilly air that smelled like stale cigarette smoke. He would prefer to be anywhere else but here, with his back pressed against the wall and Meg stomping out her cigarette with a sharp clacking sound.
of me."
"Nothing," Dean assured him, then he pulled Cas close, kissing him.
"We will be serving food shortly," she said then the flap was lowered. Only now Dean noticed that lanterns were strung around the roof of the tent, lighting up the tent a bit more than just the fire did. It created a cozy atmosphere and despite the circumstances, Dean felt himself relax just a little bit.
birthday was upon him.
"You angels are very weird," Dean joked, receiving a bright smile from Cas.
When he had received the flyer, insisting on his participation in the state funded hatching classes, Castiel had groaned internally. But his mother had raised him to never back down from a task and to always excel at everything he did. So even though he was fuming (internally, of course, he wouldn't want to set off the smoke detector again) he attached the ugly, bright orange flyer to his corkboard and marked it down in his calendar. Before he left his dorm for classes, he gave it one more scathing look.
"But I'm
"Congratulations!" one called, its eyes gold despite the moonlight. And Cas allowed himself to curse at it.
"Yes, it did… It's better now, for both of us," Castiel agreed. "And I have a deep regard for Dean…"
"I'm not sure… As far as I know Cas and Naomi have put a lot of work into winning over important people. Besides… You could write to Michael?"
"No, that would be inappropriate," Castiel told him. Before Dean could come up with a fitting joke, the guard returned with a servant, who got Dean something to eat and drink.
"What are you thinking of?" Dean wondered, when they were sitting on the balcony at night, enjoying some beers as they watched the sea in the distance.
"Hi," he said and there was a challenge in his tone. "Apparently you don't get many handsome strangers in these parts, so go ahead. Look your fill." He winked and Raphael's expression got even icier. Raphael was never one to be in a joking mood and he abhorred not being respected by people he considered inferior – which basically were all humans. And most supernatural creatures.
century dude just like you?"
The world fell away again, the rush of light swiftly turning into darkness almost making him nauseous. He opened his eyes a slit, seeing the Empty before him, but then the Shadow waved and the ground beneath Cas crumbled.
"Do you like his scent?" Miriam wondered, a question that took Cas by surprise.
"Dean!" she called, suppressing a relieved sob that also brought fresh tears to Dean's eyes which he stubbornly wiped away. Mary walked past her husband, putting her hand on his face, gently caressing it as she passed him, before she knelt at Dean's bedside. Dean felt embarrassed that she would still see the signs that he threw up on the floor, even though the nurse had done her best to swipe it up before she left. But Mary didn't care about that and she didn't comment it. She looked him all over instead, her eyes searching and full of a mix of relief and worry, but she didn't dare touch him. As if he were a fragile thing, with cracks all over, that would burst apart under her warm palms. And Dean did in some way feel like he had been broken apart and put back together again.
"Not from Cas. If it were Lucifer then I'd be doubtful but not Cas. He is interested in more contact between humans and angels so if you want to assume an agenda then I guess that would be it," Dean explained. "Cas genuinely cares." Dean crossed his arms over his chest. "However, Lucifer implied that Cas might be disgraced in case the favors turn in the High Council. Then it might be difficult to hold the flight here. We have to prevent Lucifer turning the High Council against us."
"We still have questions," he said and Uriel put a hand on him, seemingly in camaraderie but Castiel knew how to appreciate the support. Castiel couldn't be seen swaying right now.
"No way!" Dean said, finally drawing back enough to sit in his chair properly, putting some much-needed distance between him and Cas. "I can totally tell that you're an angel!" Though of course having seen him sleepy and disheveled in bed, he didn't really make the best angelic picture. But still, it was obvious! Doubt was written all over Cas' face. "Whatever. Let's shelf the demon angle for now. Would you vouch for Lucifer not to tell his army to attack humans?" Dean studied Cas closely, therefore his moment of hesitation was very telling.
"Okay, calm down, Cas," he said and took hold of Castiel's hands giving them an encouraging squeeze. "It'll be fine." Castiel looked doubtful and uneasy. "Let's just get some sleep and food and then move on."
To: Dean Winchester (Dean.Winchester@sandover.com)
"Did you hear that Anna? Mommy's a meanie to daddy." Anna obviously felt no need to comment that, she merely pursed her lips and then closed her eyes again. Dean chuckled. "In any case, I think you're the one who stole my heart. Or at least you borrowed it, so I would come back."
"Uh, hey," Dean said when Cas spotted him, the table falling silent at once. Dean looked around somewhat awkwardly, thrown by Cas' presence. "I wanted to see if you had any food for me?"
"Now you're a ray of sunshine this morning," he said and Castiel shrugged happily. "First child blessed in this kingdom in almost 30 years, huh?". Cas replied with a secretive "not quite" and that was enough confirmation for Dean. It shouldn't be possible, but Dean was certain that somehow Castiel had blessed him all those years ago.
"Is there anything I can do? My folks are trying to investigate in Kendrick," Dean said. Castiel thought about that.
"And what do you think of all of this?" Dean wanted to know and Cas seemed quite tense but still willing to talk.
"We would be pleased. Anything that makes it easier for you to grieve," Mary assured them. "In the meantime we will make sure that Jack is raised properly."
"For thousands of years. They're the offspring of King Charles, who ruled alone, in constant tension with his sister. That and wars in the past had made it clear that we needed a different system… Just because we are long lived, doesn't mean we are entirely stagnant. Maybe one day the Host will fall apart and we angels will spread all over the earth, trying to find a new home and a new system that works for us."
"Sam and I were imprisoned and we made a blood pact with a reaper called Billie."
"Not necessarily, but it's nice to have a common enemy and a common friend," the god said with a wink and when Dean just looked at him blankly he elaborated: "Crusading Christians and good drink." Dean had to laugh.
"We'll try to avoid that," Naomi said, keeping her calm. "I'm on your side, Dean, remember this. I have told Michael everything, including that it is most likely that Lucifer had an agenda. But the issue is that Michael will not be High King forever. Within your lifetime, possibly even within your own reign, Lucifer will become High King. Which means we have to make sustainable change now, while we still have time."
They reached the town by early afternoon. It was slow going with the cart, but Dean wasn't in any particular hurry, now that he was so close to his goal. After dismounting, they went into the first inn Dean spotted, for some refreshments and trying his luck at reconnaissance.
"He sent us very polite texts, wishing us a wonderful Thanksgiving," Mary said fondly. "He's such a sweet kid." Cas nodded, happy to know Jack was staying in contact as well.
"It was in use until recently. We don't want to open the windows to flush out the smell too early because it could attract people," Cara explained, but she kept herself out of the room, casually leaning against the doorframe. Castiel knew that she wasn't able to smell just how bad it was in here.
Ambriel had been right, a male angel did look the same as a male human. Cas apparently also took this moment to rise on his elbows and look at Dean.
"Uh, sure, why not? I can't think of anything better to do than meet a hot dude at a beach resort," Dean said, chuckling. "And if we don't like each other-" Castiel made a disgruntled noise at that, which had Dean laughing more. "IF, Cas. Then I can still enjoy the beach on my own. Right?"
"Hmm? Spooning in the morning?" Dean asked, his voice warm and rough from sleep. Cas didn't reply, so Dean slowly turned to wrap an arm around Cas, pulling him close. "You okay?"
"No," Dean said, shaking his head, then he grabbed the pendant that was lying next to his notes. He lifted it up against the light, rubbing the dark metal with his thumb.
Castiel’s heart sank, his core getting tight, a painful burning starting in his eyes and his throat. He hadn’t wanted it to end like this, but he was glad that his plan had worked, somewhat to his own surprise. He knew how powerful it was to just speak the truth, especially after he had tried to keep it bottled up and hidden away for the past years. But as bright that spark of happiness had been, how good it had felt to tell Dean the truth about himself as well, so short-lived had it been. Now, Cas felt its absence keenly. He felt like someone had taken a knife and carved him out, leaving nothing but aching emptiness behind. Selfishly, he had hoped that dying would spare him of having to deal with this loss.
"Don’t keep him to yourself. Let me get a hug in too," Sam said.
“Of course, I’ll take care of you,” Cas whispered.
"Well," he started, swallowing down his last bite. "I guess she'll have to teach me then." Dean laughed, but then he actually got what Cas was saying.
He'd just not think about that dreadful pit in his stomach.
"Look at you Cas. All grown up, receiving orders from the High King himself! I'm so proud of you!" she said with a grin that Cas tentatively matched. "I kept you on small missions for long enough. This is a good chance for you to prove yourself not only to me but to the kingdom and the High Council." Castiel nodded, grateful for this chance even though it came in the form of dealing with such an unusual situation. Anna clapped him on the back. "Good luck, Cas! And don't mess it up!"
"Uh, sure…" Dean said, his eyes dropping to the basket where Jack was now stirring, his eyes opening. He squinted at Dean, then his eyes quickly went to Cas. He didn't make a noise but he was clearly focused on him. Maybe he could see his acclaimed breath-taking halo or something. Bobby shot them a look, his eyes dropping to the basket curiously. But then they reached a door and after knocking, Bobby opened it.
Castiel cast his eyes towards the window with a flare of irritation. The crow was sitting in the window sill, jumping back and forth impatiently until it had Cas' attention. Its golden eyes shone with delight when Cas glared at it.
"Looking good there, lover boy." Dean froze. He looked up from the police report he was studying and found none other than Gabriel stand in front of his table, wearing a big grin. Dean stared up at him, his brain totally short-circuiting.
"Uh, you were late for breakfast and I have news." Castiel frowned and looked at the window where the sky was already blue.
“You told me not to touch anything in the kitchen,” Jack spoke up when Dean glared at the mess on the stove and then swung his disapproving expression over to Jack. Dean opened his mouth to argue, but eventually thought better of it.
"This guy, still cocky!" he said but Dean only lifted his eyebrows at him. "Alright!" Everybody rushed to make space, forming a loose circle around them.
"I have no idea," he admitted. "This shouldn't have happened!" The soft rustling of the tent flap being opened turned Dean's head.
"Bye," he repeated and looked at Cas over his shoulder before he left. This time Castiel felt a lingering happiness long after Dean was gone.
"Right. Indeed. I followed your suggestion to write a letter to Michael and I think he really liked that," John said.
"There's a guest in my pantheon who can travel through dimensions. He acts as Trickster and has sent me or Sam into all kind of bizarre worlds before," the god explained and Sam heaved a sigh.
"I got it developed recently and wanted to give it to you, Cas. Since you don't have the chance to take Sam to get his portrait taken." Castiel took it, his expression grateful. But Dean had seen it long enough to be sure. It totally was the dude. Damn. And now he's on route to the sea?
"Why does that surprise you? Some witches are freaking dramatic and it was clear from the case that the witch wanted to send a message. Traitor, right?"
Cas didn't know how he knew, but there was a promise in that kiss.
"This is good!" she said enthusiastically, then she motioned towards Dean's plate. "Eat!" Dean heaved a sigh but followed her orders. The burger did taste amazing. "And tell me. What's up with you? How are you and the boyfriend doing?"
Cas nodded however and after Dean took a deep breath, he leant down to kiss him. Castiel sighed against his lips and brought up his arms to wrap them around Dean's neck. Dean kissed him once again, then he trailed kissed down his neck, breathing in his pleasant, fresh scent.
Dean didn't want to get ahead of himself and tell everyone he had found the love of his life, but Cas and Dean had agreed that they wanted to be partners. Officially. And that was a big deal.
"Yeah. That case Dean? It's bad. It's sloppy. The witch was far too obvious."
"So what… you put a love spell on me?"
"Oooooh, come on, you worrywart. You sound like Naomi!" Gabriel booed, then he spun some more sugar into his coffee. "I bet you read the paper. It's just a freak storm." Castiel refrained from mentioning that anything that humans needed to explain away with words such as "freak" or "inexplicable" were clearly things that were too conspicuous. But no matter how Naomi admonished, Gabriel claimed it was in his nature to be dramatic. "Besides," Gabriel called, letting himself be heard in the kitchen. "The guy had it coming! He should be glad that he got out of it alive."
"I don't know yet, but I decided it was strategically relevant to ensure proximity to Dean. There is something in this whole attack that needs to be uncovered."
Castiel had crash landed into humanity with as much dignity as could be expected – which was none at all. Dean knew, in the deepest recesses of his heart, that Cas didn't enjoy being human and would have never chosen it willingly. But after the whole thing with Lucifer, Amara and Chuck… Well. Lucifer had torn a big fat hole into whatever it was that let Cas hold on to his divinity and Chuck, that bastard, hadn't cared to fix it. Not one bit.
"It's your choice if you want to make your life more complicated," he said with a grin and Castiel's eyes flashed.
"You have invaded our country and have declared war. You were met with an adequate military response by us and were not successful, whatever your plan might have been," Castiel summarized. "The leader of your army has been defeated and yet he lives by my grace," he continued and looked back to Dean for a moment, but it was fleeting this time, as he turned back to address the king and queen. "As do many of the soldiers wounded in this war. It is in your best interest to formally surrender now and agree to our conditions." Castiel looked across the tent, towards Benny, who seemed uncomfortable under the angel's attention. "Benny Lafitte was present at the time. He will tell you that we ceased our response to your attack when the leader of your army fell. We had and still have no interest in a prolonged conflict." John turned around and looked at Benny.
"But also happy, right?" Jack asked. "Because you don't like your job, you don't like the apartment. But you do like Dean."
"Sam isn't here," he said. "It's his birthday after all, so he's out in town with his friends, celebrating. He was supposed to be back this evening…"
"What are you doing?" Jack interrupted Cas' thoughts before he could commit to asking anything. Jack tilted his head, looking at the newspaper with the circled job adds. "Are you looking for a new job?" Jack looked up, squinting. "Is that why you wanted to meet?" Cas heaved a sigh and closed his laptop.
felt different for one thing. He climbed to his feet and took stock of himself. He remembered what happened; Billie’s chase, using his deal with the Empty to neutralize the threat to Dean. Dean.
The door shut and the light switched off.
“Uhm. Yes… I’m where I woke up last. In a field.” There was a long stretch of silence. Cas was able to hear Crowley talk in the background.
To some extend Castiel understood that it was sad and pitiful that his entire life could be put into two suitcases. He knew now that this state's omega laws were a mixed bag of impulses towards betterment and disappointing, old fashioned prejudices. He understood that he was to leave behind his old life and rebuild it around his alpha. As the omega he was required to fold himself into whatever space his alpha was willing to provide for him. And he didn't know Dean. Accordingly, he didn't know what to expect for his future.
"I understand what you're saying, Jack," Cas told him, reaching out to put his hand on Jack's fist, getting his son to relax his hands. He didn't think Jack was deeply upset, but he clearly wasn't pleased. "The issue is Dean's job. It's a very important job and he worked hard to get to his position." Jack seemed to think this through, but the frown on his face remained, as if he didn't quite believe that any job was worth staying in Dayton for. Castiel gave Jack's hand a squeeze.
Castiel returned to the counter and he saw Naomi's hawk like eyes fixed on Dean, clearly seeing the tendrils of magic. Dean poured maple syrup over his pancakes, cutting absent-mindedly. He put a piece in his mouth, chewing slowly. Dean swallowed his first mouthful. It was enough, the task was done and Naomi nodded at him.
"Alive and ruined," Castiel said and Gabriel rejoiced in that which Castiel could just shake his head at. Gabriel had nothing else to say to him until there was a generous helping of pancakes and a selection of syrups in front of him.
"Well, their loss," Castiel told her gently. At that Emma perked up. She huffed, then she nodded and grabbed another slice of pizza.
"Of course I'm back," Castiel told him gently. The god got up from his chair, clapping his hands.
"Are there still people in the hospital? Wasn't only one guy of the group killed?" Sam wondered and Jack nodded.
"And that was unjust of her."
"Let him go!" Sam roared, but Dean grabbed his wrist and stopped him from mindlessly attacking Asmodeus. The demon laughed and both Sam and Dean were flung into the wall.
Rowena greeted Castiel with shrill laughter that startled the birds out of the trees.
"I sure hope it was," Dean replied. "I know it was something we had to do, but that doesn't mean it can't be fun." Castiel turned his head and smiled at him, showing his teeth. Dean felt a pang of something very similar to fondness when he saw it. "How are you doing, Cas? I felt like something happened, with the Grace, but I can't be sure."
Dean decided he had to actually tell people about that. More than that: he really wanted to. It just felt off not to tell everyone that he had found someone as amazing as Cas. But how could he go about that while still being somewhat
"I don't know… It's frustrating," Dean grumbled. "Castiel seems pretty adamant about us having invaded without cause, so he at least must believe that there were no plans to move against us."
"Shut up," he muttered then he turned towards Dean. "You are worried about Castiel but you aren't clever about showing it."
"Ash? Dr. Badass from LARPing? Dude, what do you do on campaigns all day?" she chastised him. "In any case, he's in need of a new head of marketing."
"Do I…? Don't you feel my dick against yours? Sure, I want it," Dean chuckled. Cas was still frowning so Dean grinded against him which got him a gasp in return. "I'd love to fuck you, if you want it," he added. "It's what the bond wants, isn't it? It's also what I want right now."
"Uhm, right now?"
"Keep what in my pants…?" Castiel asked exhausted by all the riddles humans wove into their communication. The woman looked at him oddly, but then they reached an open doorway, behind it Cas could see bunk beds, none of which were currently occupied.
"I think I know it by now," he joked and Castiel faltered.
As was the nature of human life, the years passed. While the witch Castiel watched his plants grow and practiced the art of reading the patterns of flying crows (there was really not much to do in his tower, the man needed to find entertainment in something), King John and Queen Mary welcomed their second child into the world. As it was custom, they invited the realm to welcome him properly when he turned 6 months old. Mary and her husband had been less concerned about little Sam since he was free from the potential curse of the first-born. But still Mary was nervous as she paced the nursery on the morning of the celebration, her son in her arms. Dean was playing in the room, unaware of her distress, as children often were at no fault of their own. He was a beautiful child with golden locks, healthy pink cheeks and eyes a beautiful green that filled all onlookers with admiration and love. If someone other than Castiel had blessed Dean with such qualities, it would have been very likely for Prince Dean to turn into a spoiled, ungrateful brat. Luckily, Dean was deserving of all love, since he was a gentle child that met everyone with open curiosity and willingness to show them all the love his little heart could give. And he doted on his younger brother, not one moment wasted to jealousy.
"Sure," Dean said and started undressing, then he slipped into bed.
"Trust me, if I could I'd love nothing more but to bash in his pretty face," he hissed.
He would have to ask Cas.
"Got some spark in you yet, don't you?" the witch asked with a smirk. "First-borns aren't what they once were. Went down in market value quite a bit." Her brisk pace through the overgrown lands surrounding the ruins slowed down as the air became heavy, the old magic vibrating in the air like the promise of lightning. The newborn gave a small whimper and the witch looked down. The curtain had caught on thorns and revealed the child, who had its wide blue eyes on her. It stirred something in the witch's chest, a little defiant spark of an instinct, but she chased away the momentary puzzlement with a chuckle.
"Yeah, I've heard of that," he said, "you angels seem to be very romantic." Flagstaff scoffed.
Dean rolled his eyes, then scrolled down.
"As I understand it, it's very difficult for two humans of the same sex to be open about their relationship in public," Sam spoke up, his expression compassionate. The fact that he had black eyes and freaky black hands didn't change anything about his puppy dog expression.
"How is Cas?" he asked before Anna could say anything. "I went to see him but the doc wouldn't tell me anything." Anna's severe expression softened marginally, but she still had no smile for him.
"Uh… okay?" Dean said, sitting up slightly, resting against the headboard. He had no idea what brought this on, but if Cas wanted to talk about it now then why not. "I'd like a house actually, with a yard." Cas nodded. "I'm kinda missing it. Don't get me wrong, I liked my apartment and the big balcony. But it's just not the same. I like a bit of nature."
"What the fuck, what a creep," Dean grumbled, not caring who overheard them. Castiel sighed but didn't comment.
"It is done," Castiel answered. "Dean couldn't harm me and he won't be back or he'd fall under the full force of the spell again. I completed my task of removing Dean Winchester from Raurica."
"Go away," he mumbled, turning on his side, pulling the blanket higher up to cover his shoulders. It was cold, despite the fire burning in the fireplace. When the insistent knocking didn't stop, Cas forced himself to get out of bed. Gabriel strolled in not a moment later. He halted and with a raised eyebrow he studied Castiel, who was very slow to dress himself. Even though he was drained, he wasn't going to talk to Gabriel in only his robe.
"Relax, Cas. I'm not dropping it," Dean said with a laugh. Then he studied the egg. "Hello Hatchiette. How was your day, sweet thing? Did mommy keep you warm?"
"Right…," Cas muttered, turning around to face his brother. "We only just talked about it. That doesn't mean we'll have kids." Jimmy dropped all pretense that he was still putting Cas' books into boxes.
But he wasn’t feeling particularly grateful to kneel in front of Castiel as the angel turned god looked at him with an expectant expression.
Dean frowned. What was the truth? He sat up and washed himself because he could just ask. His mother might not give him answers, but Castiel didn’t seem to have any such reservations if he felt like answering questions. Dean dressed and rubbed his hair dry, then he walked back to his room. Surprisingly, Cas wasn't there. Dean snorted.
"Cas is not dangerous, Charlie. Just because he's got the misfortune of being somehow wrapped up in this coven business, doesn't mean that he's a bad guy. He's never done anything to harm me!" Dean argued, almost relishing the fact that he could direct his anger into Cas' defense.
"Mr. Martin especially?"
He pulled aside the curtains of the small window, which let him catch a glimpse of the cobble stones of their backyard. He saw a pointed boot a moment before it kicked against the thick glass. He frowned in irritation.
“Sam’s fine,” Dean said with a sigh. He moved his position, bending out of frame and Cas heard a thunk. Dean came back into frame, the hand that had previously held the beer bottle going through his hair. Cas only noticed now that it was longer than Cas was used to, some strands hanging into his face before Dean wiped them back. How much time had passed…? “He’s out, helping Donna on a hunt.”
Castiel took a deep, fortifying breath. Then he walked out of the house to go on a shopping trip with two teenagers.
"As you wish," Uriel said though he did roll his eyes. He turned towards the knight, who was hovering close by. "You heard the commander. This battle is over, if you don't want to die right here, you better retreat!" he barked and the man straightened up.
"I… I don't know, Sam…"
(It was cowboy themed of course. The cowboy hat sat in its box, joining them on their first outing as a married couple.)
"One last time," he said, as he studied him, then he shook his head and left. Castiel bit his lips, then he sunk down on the chair. He couldn't stop the tears from coming. The Impala roared outside and then it sped off, its tires screeching.
That was just the gist of it. Cas came home from his meeting, irritated, but with a pizza and a dazzling smile once he saw Dean. The way his face lit up made some of the painful tension around Dean's chest ease up at once too.
"What do you mean?" Castiel asked, tilting his head in a familiar way.
"Just for the record,
“I have always been able to kill you effortlessly,” Castiel told him, turning his head slightly to look at Dean, “but I didn’t. I’m lying here, Dean. Not at your mercy. But still for you to have, if you want me.” Dean didn’t say anything in a long time.
"Why do you find it so hard to believe that he could be a good dude?" Charlie had asked once when Dean had been grumbling about Castiel. Dean was pretty sure that the fact he was being held as a prisoner, married to Castiel against his will, gave Dean a solid reason to be mistrustful. But he was… lowering his guard a bit.
"That is not what I plan to do," Castiel told him, feeling a bit ridiculous standing before Dean naked. "I will be on the receiving end of your sexual attentions," he said, then he walked over to the bed. He hesitated for a moment, not sure how to proceed, but sitting down seemed like a safe option.
"I'm not so sure," Castiel answered, his voice coming out wistful. "Or Sam wouldn't have run away now…" Dean didn't know what to tell him, so he remained silent as they travelled on, each of them absorbed in their own thoughts.
"I should probably put you to work, instead of having you two bad-mouth my car," he said and that was reason enough for Claire to dash away with an assurance that she'd see Dean later.
"That's good! And I'm not too far away, maybe we can meet some weekends? And who knows… if you really get too lonely… maybe you and Dean can try to have a baby?" Cas was surprised that his neck didn't crack with how fast he looked away from Dean to stare at his son.
"Why wouldn't I bother? I showed up, didn't I?" Dean asked with a grin.
Castiel invited both Rowena and Gabriel into his cottage and eventually he dared to guide Sam into the realm of magic, to let him talk to supernatural creatures. But he was never happy, too worried that Sam could accidentally be claimed by the world of magic and Sam wasn't happy when Cas never let him eat anything at the markets. Castiel knew that it was only a matter of time until he couldn't give Sam what he really wanted or needed. It was pulling Sam further into the world, spurred on by tales from Rowena and Gabriel and the books Cas read to him until he was able to read himself. He had such a ravenous desire to learn and to meet new people. To do good in the world. With a focus that had, at times, a menacing edge. Cas understood that not to be demonic, just human.
“I was only gone for like 2 days, babe,” Dean laughed, then he sat back, cuddling into Cas’ side. “But same.” Cas still looked down at Dean, watching his face, studying his freckles and the stubble on his chin. After a while he too started eating.
"I've been eating well," he said flatly. Of course, Bobby knew the rumours. Of how Castiel had ended up in a witch's service because his parents exchanged him for corn salad. He doubted that was true, but unfortunately for Castiel, the rumours were very accurate. The price of corn salad had greatly exceeded the value of first-born sons those days. Or at least on that particular day, for that particular witch and that particular unfortunate slob of a father.
"I heard rumors… That you stole the child to exchange him for magic powers," he started. Castiel scoffed in disgust. "But… some people also whispered that…" He swallowed and licked his lips nervously. "That my Mom had taken him to you." There was silence for a while and Dean watched Castiel's stern expression melt into something that looked uncomfortably close to pity.
Castiel
The angels arranged themselves in the courtyard and finally an angel rode up their horse to where the royals were waiting. Up close Dean saw that it was a young woman, her hair a coppery color, fixed to her head in elaborate braids. She was wearing golden armor, with a cape fixed to her shoulders. She looked amazing but her expression was hard and fierce, reminding him of Castiel at once.
The moment Cas sat down, Dean launched into the retelling of their victory over Chuck. Apparently, Jack absorbed his power, leaving Chuck mostly human, or as human as you could get as a god. He had been tossed into the trunk of the Impala, something Dean had felt very good about. (He got somewhat quiet when retelling why he chose not to kill Chuck, shooting Cas an almost shy look.) Jack and Amara had taken off, to “restore balance”, but Amara had wrestled a promise out of Dean and Sam to keep an eye on Chuck in the meantime. Dean had spent most of his time holed up, trying to find a way to get Cas out of the Empty and in the end it had taken prayers and no small amount of begging for Jack and Amara to make a deal.
"Okay, Dean. I'm just saying. It's all just a bit too… convenient."
"All the inns here are across the borders," Castiel told Dean what he had suspected. "If you want to try your luck by all means," he offered and gestured towards the general direction of the wild forest where a human like Dean would probably be snatched up within two minutes of setting foot on it.
Just like the pantry, and the cellar and the small attic.
"Or maybe he is here to finish the job", Cas pondered, but it was a thought with little weight, something he dismissed right away. The hunter that had killed his mother but spared him 30 years ago was probably long dead. Hunters, as Michael tended to say, didn't have a long shelf life.
"As I said… it's a bit unusual that I was given the mission to deal with you as I saw fit… But I mostly dismissed any second thoughts about it… My mother is Michael's advisor, my sister is the general of the army, my uncle is a current High Council member with a desire to retire soon and pass the position on to me… Not to discredit my own achievements, but even if I weren't as accomplished then it could be seen as favoritism at play." Cas wrinkled his nose as if the thought did somewhat offend him. Dean didn't know what Cas had achieved in the army, but he would be pissed if anyone suggested he got any command simply because of his connections. (Even though it might technically be true. He had been handed things that others had to fight for, but he had proven himself worthy of his position countless times. He wasn't one of the prestige generals who had a command merely because of their rank and money and who never even saw an active battle.)
"Yes, I'm feeling much better," Cas said and it was kinda cute how he grinned at Hannah.
"Yes," Castiel managed to say, clearly overwhelmed, but quickly collecting himself. "Yes."
"It's alright, I'm gonna heal you," Castiel promised, feeling the tears in his eyes. Dean gave a shaky nod, his eyes scared. He slowly lifted his hands from the wound and Cas didn't hesitate to press his palm to it firmly. Dean hissed, but then instantly started coughing up blood. Castiel frowned, letting his magic flow into him, but feeling only the soft, hot give of flesh and blood.
"Wait. You need a spare change of clothes," Dean said, turning to rummage through his duffle bag until he produced some clothing. He held it out to Cas, but he stopped himself before he approached and ended up throwing them for Cas to catch clumsily. The dreadful feeling in his stomach was just getting worse.
"Thank you…," Castiel said, feeling his throat close up with emotion. He put the jar away and cleared his throat to regain his composure. Then he looked up at Dean. "I'm Castiel. At your service." Dean grinned and made an exaggerated curtsey.
"Aren't you supposed to be on my side?" Dean challenged but Charlie brushed him off.
"Maybe, but I feel no satisfaction about it at all," he said and Dean looked at him with interest. "The orchard was a historical, beautiful place that had been, before Sander's acquisition, partially open to the public. The damage done to it isn't only sad, but it might also be bad for the city in an economical sense. The orchard employed many local people and many businesses were begrudgingly dependent on the harvest. So yes, Sanders might have deserved punishment, but not at the expense of the orchard," Castiel explained. He had told the same words to Gabriel before, but Gabriel had no appreciation or care for the larger consequences of his actions. He understood that the coven saw Sanders as coven business because he failed to pay his dues for the favor bestowed on him. But that didn't stop Castiel from thinking it was wrong to just accept the collateral damage.
"Oh? Do you find this world disturbing too?" god Dean asked with a raised eyebrow. If it were anybody else Dean might have felt apprehensive to not offend, but the god didn't seem threatening at all.
to see Dean, even with that guarded look on his face. And it was even better when he saw his expression go slack in disbelief.
"There is a coven meeting tonight. You are expected," she told him, then she turned around and left without another word. Cas quickly closed the door, though it was probably foolish to imagine that Naomi or Michael couldn't see him regardless. He had never warded his house against them. There had been no point.
"And that's enough for the crown to move against you. What more do you want? Should I add on a "angels are dicks and beating their ass would have delighted us"?" Dean answered with a scoff. He knew he was being both needlessly confrontational and unhelpful. He was aware that if their positions were reversed, he would have liked to know the same thing. But strategically it wasn't good to give Castiel more information. If he revealed where the information had come from, it might be possible that the angels decided to retaliate against the Houses of Kendrick instead. And even though Hess apparently had been largely unhelpful and incapable to account for Ketch's information and whereabouts, they still were… honor-bound. Even if their information was false, the Houses of Kendrick paid the price for it in blood they spilt by Dean's side. Castiel remained silent for a moment, but a flicker of impatience and annoyance crossed his face.
"Dean, Dean. Cool it," Sam reprimanded as Cas got even paler, which Dean hadn't thought possible. "Maybe have a look out of the window? We're just going through the clouds now. It's beautiful." Castiel hesitated, but slowly turned his head to look out of the window. But apparently that had been the wrong thing to do. He quickly looked the other way, staring at Dean with wide eyes. There was fear, confusion and betrayal on his face.
"You look kinda tense there, buddy," Dean said and Cas snapped his attention back to Dean.
"No… No Cas," Dean started, shaking his head. He grabbed on to Castiel's shoulder, giving him a shake. "This is not your fault. Asmodeus set the fire, not you. You're helping. You're healing all you can," he told him. "Are you listening to me? You're doing the best you can!"
"Are you alright?" Dean whispered, when Cas moaned against his neck. Cas nodded, then he slowly started moving his pelvis, his dick rubbing against Dean's stomach and his channel clenching around Dean.
"I don't get how you're not sweating," Dean whispered at Castiel, tugging at his collar. Castiel darted him a look.
"Aw, you're cute. Bye, Cassie," Gabriel said with a wave, then he left. Castiel remained sitting for a while, reluctant to actually face what remained of the day.
"Yup, lots of Alpha boys in the Winchester line. It was a bit of a challenge to have three alphas in the house," she said, then she lifted her arm, flexing with a grin. "But nothing an omega can't handle, right?" Cas laughed at that, but nodded. "And what about you, Cas? Do you have siblings? Parents?"
The day had been exhausting and this smell calming in ways no smell had been yet, so Cas soon was almost dozing off.
"Lucifer gave us his unwanted bastard as a wedding present," Dean said with a snort, pleased that he and Uriel saw eye to eye for once. Uriel frowned before his expression relaxed.
"I called my friend after I was cast out… He promised to pick me up…" Cara lifted her eyebrow in surprise. For some reason an uncomfortable sensation spread in Cas' chest. "I know it's been a couple of days, but its' a long drive." Dean would come. Cara's expression softened.
"The hunter investigated and apparently found enough evidence that Anna Novak was the one who murdered the other women. Apparently, the victims had all been connected to Anna in some way or another. Whatever dirt he found on Anna, it was enough for the guy. He went in and killed her."
"I felt that, thank you Dean," Cas said softly. Dean grinned, but then he got a bit too embarrassed about it and turned to Jack. "I'm even warming up to this pooper here," Dean said, reaching out to ruffle Jack's hair.
"Uh… Sure… But I parked the car in the lot by the mall. Well… Not that it can be called a mall. This town stinks."
"It's not, Dean. I made my choice. And I'd do it again," he told him earnestly, his gaze intense as if he longed for Dean to understand that he meant it. And damn it, Dean got it. He knew he meant it and it made him feel odd, almost embarrassed but also touched and pleased.
Could he force Cas' hand?
"Just thought I'd come pester you a bit," he said, making himself comfortable.
merits, but the merits of ties back to the future human king on Elysian land," Naomi corrected, "there's a difference. Your marriage to Dean doesn't only look favorable, but it isn't an utter disgrace either."
Castiel was prevented from thinking about it further by the door opening.
"Nothing wrong with moving at a swift pace, if you know that you're on the right track," Dean admitted. Castiel smiled at him. "Because I'm sure we are."
"But it's also not going to be hard," Dean assured her, then he pulled her into a hug. "Thanks for all the food, mom." Jack and Cas were already by the car, having said their good-byes earlier. From the looks of it, Jack was again trying to get permission to drive the car which wasn't gonna happen. Eventually the kid got into the back seat again, pulling out his phone.
"Well, though luck. The task is for both of us, so stop hoarding it."
"I can happily cut out the broccoli, I don't need them on my plate," Dean joked but Cas just said his name in that warning way of his and Dean's fake smile slipped.
