Once outside he takes in a deep breath of cool night air. That was probably a little over the top, but they were just so... stuck up!
Claire ignores him and takes her shot; the yellow golf ball glides expertly around the rocky obstacles and, without bouncing off anything, slides into the last hole. Looking back at Dean she squints her eyes, “Did you see that? Did that go in the hole? I wasn’t watching. Did the ball go in the hole?
If you didn't notice I have updated the final chapter count, next week will be our last one. We'll have one last soft dad/uncle interaction with a time jump, and a final smutty scene with our favorite Dom/Sub.
The man holds up a hand, “Darcy, Mr. Bennet. He’s been arrested; they’re waiting for his lawyers to arrive.”
He checks his watch, for the 5th time this hour. It was only 2:45, the game wasn’t till 4:00. But once it got started, he really wouldn’t be able to answer his phone. There was still time for Castiel to call, he was overreacting.
His shoulders ache - He's shackled to a pole in the middle of an abandon building. His hands pulled tight behind his back.
His phone starts ringing and he drops it in surprise. Reaching down between the seats his hands search for the smooth plastic case. He clasps it and flips it around to check the caller ID.
Stepping back into the room, he bypasses Dean’s naked form to remove a few items from the bag he brought. Without looking up he addresses his sub somewhat slyly, “You know, before I heard about your extracurriculars this week, I had something very simple planned for our first scene.”
From here Castiel can see her purse her lips at them, clearly, they were doing a whole lot more than sharing a goodnight kiss.
“Give me more baby, I can take it.” Dean pants. He could, too. Usually, the angle was wrong to get more than two fingers up there, but he could manage three on a limber day. But it felt infinitely better to have Cas being the one to stretch him open like this.
He removes his pants and lays them on top of the other clothes. Clad in his own set of underwear, Cas blushes a little under Dean’s heavy stare.
Now almost a decade later, he was ready to settle down. Seeing Sam and Jess start a family tugged at something he didn’t know was in there. He wanted to be a father. He wanted a family of his own.
Through their ruckus there’s a clicking of high heels on the hardwood floor. Cas looks up to see a gorgeous woman with dark eyes and a mess of curly hair piled on her head come marching up to their table at that moment. Her hands fisted on the hips of her starch white apron draped over a blood orange dress.
Cas turns to the small crowd of his other loved ones. Each wearing an expression somewhere between morbid curiosity and dumbfounded horror.
Traffic to Gabriel’s office moves at a snail’s pace. Castiel looks impatiently out the window as the cars inch by. He tries Gabe’s phone again, but there’s no answer.
Castiel is just stepping into the shower when his phone rings on top of his duffle bag. Tightening the towel around his waist he shuts off the water and pads barefoot over to the lockers. Checking the caller id., Dean’s name emblazoned across the screen sends a shiver down his spine. He answers and clicks it over to speaker phone.
He laughs bitterly, Cas is the one in the damn hospital but Dean’s the one who needs comfort. Freaking typical Winchester.
Dean nods and looks back out the windshield. Cas can tell he wants to ask more questions but he’s a little spent after that emotional upheaval.
He sighs, sounding much older than his six years, setting a card down on top of the growing pile, “Draw Four, and I change it to green.”
In a surprisingly expert move Cas pulls him in close with a small spin, Dean’s feet falter but he manages to keep up. Thank God for Ms. Moseley and her lessons. He lets Castiel lead. It’s easier, to pretend for a bit that this is normal.
“Yes, but I'm not really a spy,” he flounders, “I’m just an accountant. They asked me to come down this weekend to review some payroll with the coaching staff. It was the only time available.”
Even if Dean never knew about any of it, Castiel was going to make it right. He owed Dean that much.
“Eileen, thank you so much for inviting us. I think I can speak for Sam when I say we had a terrific time.”
He slowly pulls off him, legs shaking from exertion. He flops down next to him on the bed and pulls him close.
Dean leads them out of the restaurant to the empty parking lot. He looks at the handful of cars, spying Gabe’s Oldsmobile he turns back to Castiel.
“I don’t think he’s quite old enough to grasp the full concept, I explained I like you in the same way I liked his mother. He listened intently and then when I asked if he had any questions he wanted to know if we could have breakfast for dinner.”
His coffee cup growing cold at his elbow, Castiel reads the ad over twice and settles into a brood deep enough to have a crease forming between his clear blue eyes. It had been some time since he had a one-on-one relationship with a Sub. The clubs he frequented kept him entertained enough, and the lack of attachment provided him with the ability to keep that part of his life separate from the other (less exotic) parts.
“I dunno, I mean I feel okay. Why how do you feel?” Adam bypasses Dean on the way to the fridge. He grabs the OJ and drinks right from carton.
Castiel frowns at that, he hadn't thought the task he set for Dean had been that challenging. If anything, it was a mere tease for being so petulant during their discussion. But if he’d been struggling with it, that must mean Dean’s need for discipline was greater than he originally thought.
Ugh, Becky was like a bad penny, she kept turning up even when he thought she was long gone. After Adam landed in the hospital, he managed to put off seeing her for a few weeks, claiming the need for time with family. By some miracle, she had understood. She gave him space, till somehow, she found out Adam was settled at JRC.
Castiel fights the urge to look away, this had always been the hardest part with Bartholemew. He'd plan and plan for days leading up to their scene and Bart would have nothing positive or negative to say on the matter. Sometimes it just felt like he’d been going through the motions. He knew it was foolish to compare his failing relationship with Bart to his brand new one with Dean, but he couldn’t control that little niggle of fear that it was something he had done to drive Bart away. And not the issues Bart had had with Claire staying with them.
“Okay, good.” He lets out a long breath. They were getting nowhere with this conversation. The confidence he felt last night completely obliterated.
“You’re right I don’t Sam, because you won’t talk to me. I know you have a ton going on here. I can see it, and I’m so damn proud of your accomplishments. But if you don’t slow down I’m worried this promotion will cost you more than you ever hoped to gain.”
Dean’s eyes widen at the realization; did Cas really mean that? Something in his soars at the possibility, maybe he’d been wrong the whole time. Maybe he wasn’t too late.
“You can have me,” Dean pants, his hands trying to pull Cas’s hips closer, “but we need to get in the fucking apartment!”
“Follow me please.” Castiel leads them down a short hall to a family sitting room. This part of the house was off limits so they shouldn’t be disturbed.
Dean moans again and Castiel can’t help but grin with delight of how responsive his sub was from just the smallest touch. Rolling the bud in between two fingers now, Dean sucks in a breath through his teeth, “Please, sir.”
Cas hides the disappointment from his face, it wasn’t Dean’s fault, but he was really looking forward to an uninterrupted conversation with him.
And the little finger foods passed around on shining silver trays had been sort of tasty. If you liked that fancy stuff.
The mini theme park was mostly emptied out by the time they arrived, which was a bit of a surprise to Castiel since it was the last day of school for most of the children in Lawrence. At first both Claire and Emma had protested to coming; claiming they were too old for arcade games and mini golf. But by the time the four of them sat down for pizza, each girl had a prize tucked under their arms and wore a pair of matching smiles. Ruthlessly beating Dean at several rounds of Skee-Ball may have helped in that regard.
“Venison medallions with caramelized onions, mushrooms, and for your side creamed potato and parsnips.” Kate beams at them as if she could take an iota of credit for the food. He knows this is all Cassie, he needed to be sure to send her flowers tomorrow.
It kills her that she can’t go to him now; to be wrapped up in those strong arms. To brush a soft kiss on his lips.
“Oh, it would be very simple. Certain delays in paperwork are possible. Forms go missing all the time. It would be nothing for the whole file to get... lost.”
He didn’t know, truthfully, he wasn’t even sure if Cas would be as understanding as he made him out to be. But he couldn’t wait till his shift was over to find out. If this was the catalyst that broke them, he’d rather face the firing squad now. Pulling them both up to their feet, he sends her off to get dressed and picks up his phone to wake up his brother. As far as he was concerned, Hunting Grounds was taking a snow day too.
He lathers up the woodsy smelling shampoo and runs it through his hair; it wasn’t like he was trying to be the boss out there. Towards the end of last season and during spring training it just felt like the other guys were relying heavily on Sam to score runs. Sure, Sam was a great ball player, but they weren't going to be winning any more championships if he was the only one working hard. If Dean could see it, then he was sure Sam could see it. And he didn’t want there to be any conflict between his team members.
Thankfully she drops the issue as they eat in blessed silence, the only sound between chewing and sips of coffee is the clock ticking on the wall. He knew his niece hadn't made many friends at her school; it wasn’t a small school but a lot of the kids her age all grew up together. Her caustic personality and disdain for her current living situation only compounded the animosity she felt towards Lawrence High and the tenth-grade class.
But for today she was content to spend an hour with him, eating lunch. If he didn’t dislike her so much, he would have thought it sweet.
Better luck next time guys, Dean heads up the steps and strolls past the handful of spectators grabbing concessions. The smells of hot dogs, popcorn, and beer flood his senses. And something underlying that’s so ingrained in him it might just be baseball itself.
“I wanted to check in on your brother, and I needed to speak with you.” Cas speaks plainly as if this were the most common way of getting in touch with someone.
“Did you,” he clears the tears caught inexplicably in his throat, “did you want to know anything else?”
“Is that a flirtation?” Castiel asks pointedly, his blood already humming from the look Dean is giving him now.
What was all that talk about needing a stronger person anyway? Cas was plenty strong. He didn’t need Dean to prop him up, or fill any voids. Dean wasn’t sure this doctor really knew what he was talking about. Guy was probably a quack!
Both men share a private smile with each other. Recalling how they both felt hopeless without the other.
“Dean, do you remember when you had your appendix out?” Charlie pipes up, derailing his train of thought.
His sub takes a gulping breath and blows it out. With his hair plastered against his face, Castiel gives in to his self-imposed rule not to touch Dean and brushes the damp strands away from his eyes. Dean presses his face into the palm of his hand, lips barely bushing it as his eyes flutter closed.
“Alright, so that’s pretty much it. The neighbors are cool. Mrs. Tran and her son Kevin live below us. She’s the building manager. Kid’s like a genius or something. He’s taking classes at the university and he’s only 13!” Dean’s walking them back to the kitchen now. Castiel follows amiably behind him.
“Did you enjoy the game?” He walks around the other side of Castiel, settling a hip on the low concrete wall. Extremely pleased to see the other man’s eyes follow the action closely.
Dean stands flummoxed on the pavement. Were rich people always this commanding? How was it possible he just gave up his house keys to a stranger? Who was going to go rifle through his things, through his underwear!
“Didn't you hear? It’s a snow day.” He grins sheepishly, gesturing back to Emma who’s doing her best to fold herself into a ball of trepidation next to him in the hall. “This one has got some things to say, can we come in?”
The door beside them opens and out steps a man Castiel’s become begrudgingly acquainted with over the last eighteen months. Zachariah Adler was everything a school administrator shouldn’t be, in Castiel’s opinion. He was cold and unfeeling, showing little to no sympathy for Claire or her situation. He even advised her at one point to stock some Midol in her locker if she felt she couldn’t control her emotions. That comment almost had Castiel on the phone with the schoolboard, but as it came off the heels of Claire kicking a hole in the art room wall, he didn’t think it was the right time to draw attention to themselves.
“I think we are, but I know I’ve damaged that. I just hope it’s not beyond repair.” Cas tries hard not to look away. Even with the shame of what he’s done to Dean dragging him to the ground.
In addition to that, I have plans for short stories based on the 2021 Inktober prompt list. If you're interested in that, check back in on 10/1 for more.
“An idjit. He called me an idjit.” Castiel whispers aloud to the empty bedroom, smiling at the term.
“See if you can't get your boyfriend to sign a few things for him. I think I gave Jack Dean's rookie card for Christmas last year.”
The other man scoffs, "I don’t think you should be thanking me, now if you want to get out of here, I think I feel a bender coming on.”
Most of the time his younger sister was chattering away throughout the entire meal. She had a very active social life at her high school, belonged to several clubs, volunteered regularly, and was a very accomplished musician.
Castiel looked up from his drink in surprise. The drone of bass, that had been a constant pound in his head for the last half hour, sucked out of the room like air in a vacuum. However, at the same time the EDM sounds die down they’re replaced with cheers and whistles so loud it has him glancing all over the club to see what the fuss is about. The crowded room whipped into a frenzy, people everywhere buzzing with excitement. He half expected to see Harry Styles walking in with how much the mood has drastically shifted towards delight.
“It’s all part of the show my dear, I am a very method act-tor!” He tosses a fake scarf over his shoulder and strikes a serious pose.
He flushes a little under her praise, his nerves momentarily forgotten. At least his appearance is acceptable; while the bold navy suit may be a little casual for the event, it was tailored expertly. The matching waistcoat and tie complimented it nicely, however.
“And what ridiculous request do you have for me today?” The old man’s mouth was turned down in a sour frown but his eyes were twinkling. “Duck liver? Pheasant? Ox tails?”
Jesus... He feels like his blood has left his brain and is hurtling south. He’s staring at the owner of these amazing eyes unable to do more than blink back at them. He shivers involuntarily.
“Okay so I begged. But he still said no.” She explains. “So I just asked to leave Cas a message. I told him we all missed him and that even if he didn’t want to live here he was still welcome at game night. And I said we were having one tonight. So yes I was hiding that but I didn’t want to tell you since I got nowhere. I’m sorry Dean.”
“We’re just roommates,” Cas answers amicably. And Dean’s heart falls a little. Not that he expected a love confession but Cas didn’t even hesitate.
“I’m sorry, do what now?” The words are out of Dean’s mouth before he can stop them. Usually, he stays quiet and lets Adam do his thing during these sessions. After the first one where they ended up screaming at each other, Dr. Barnes recommended Dean use this time to reflect on Adam’s words. What she really meant was shut the hell up.
The doors open and a sense of deja vu swarms over Dean. The last elevator ride with Cas left him desperate and wanting. Another card swipe and the doors close, Dean stands still as a statue, waiting for Cas to make a move. The car ascends and with the slight motion Castiel catapults himself into Dean arms. Pushing him up against the wall in one swift movement, pressing their hips together.
He was young; he was going to get into a little trouble now and again. Sam needed to loosen up. He stares thoughtfully at his younger brother. Looking every bit the part of a bi-coastal jet setter in his dark jeans and lightweight jacket. He wasn’t going to have any trouble fitting in out there.
“Dean what are you doing?” He stammers. Dean’s mouth already hot and wet on his throat. They’re hidden somewhat in the shadows of the building but Cas can hear cars, and families talking nearby. He can see people if he looks far enough to the side. They could be spotted at any moment.
HE HAS WHAT? Dean thought he was here to apologize, not confess his love or whatever the hell this was. How was Dean even supposed to respond to that? How could Cas think this was okay?
Cas cocks a head at the program on the TV and Dean dives for the remote to shut it off. Embarrassed to be caught watching cartoons by a man like Castiel.
“Well, that’s too bad, I was hoping we could grab a night cap.” Dean looks up with a smile and Cas stifles the urge to whine in frustration.
“Dean he’s going to make it. Mercy Hospital is affiliated with some of the best treatment programs in the country.”
“Dean Bennet, this is Gabriel Fitzwilliam. Gabe, Dean. Are you quite finished now?” Castiel rolls his eyes.
“I don’t think I know what you mean Agent.” Castiel’s eyes go wide. He didn’t know about the surveillance, did he?
“No that was much later;” he pauses. This is the part he hates. The part where he has to tell the truth; and the pity starts and the questions don’t stop. And there’s no one to blame anymore because they’ve all left him. Everyone he loved has left him, in one way or another.
Cas presses his lips softly against the side of Dean’s forehead in a tender kiss, “Dean, you don’t have to apologize.”
“The second thing I noticed, was these two can't seem to keep their hands off each other.” He stage-whispers conspiratorially to the crowd and there’s an eruption of laughter.
She shakes her head, “No, well actually it was a private home owned by some wealthy family, God what was their name?” She scrolls through her phone a minute, “Anyway, now it’s sort of a museum, garden, workspace for people to visit.”
“Can I try? I wanna make you feel good Cas.” His voice seems lost in the sounds Cas’s making but he nods and pulls his hand out. Dean blindly reaches down and finds the bottle trapped somewhere in the tangle of blankets.
Cas climbs into his brother’s car and starts the engine, Dean watches from the sidewalk as he carefully backs up the yacht sized vehicle and drives away. He stands there till the taillights turn the corner and disappear.
When they get to the apartment he stops her. They stand in the glow of twinkling lights that were strung up all over the building. The willow tree trussed up in strands of white and red.
“Thank you,” she says and wipes an errant tear from her eye, “Okay, so you know that I’ve been complaining a lot this year about a girl in my biology class who has a shitty attitude?”
He needed to leave it alone, clearly his presence was offensive to Dean. He made his feelings clear. Castiel wasn’t the type to keep pushing when the answer was a resounding no.
Charlie tugs at his arm and he sees everyone walking off the field, embarrassed to be caught staring he wraps an arm around her shoulders and walks her back to the stairs. Benny already beat them there and he holds the gate open for them.
“Ms. Collins, sorry didn’t see you there,” he glances at his watch, “a little late for lunch wouldn’t you say?” His tone completely frigid with Becky compared to how he spoke to Dean.
“Did you hear that?” The gruff voice is back, almost directly above him now, “I think he’s coming around.”
“It looks like a happy day. Cas, I don’t know if this is the right thing to say but I just want you to know that I'll never try to take this away from you. This is part of who you are. It’s part of what I -”
Benny smothers a laugh with his hand at her comment as Dean feels blush heat up his cheeks. Okay maybe he was chuckling, but definitely not giggling.
Down a short hall, Cas turns into a room, Dean blindly follows. Not a clue as to what Castiel’s motives are now that they’re in his apartment and he’s taking every opportunity to avoid telling Dean what they’re doing.
Rising she plants a noisy kiss on his cheek. “Glad you kept the suit honey, our boy’s not gonna know what hit him.” She winks and waltzes off to attend to some other party detail.
The slider creaks on its track behind Castiel from where he sits on the back porch; turning away from the setting sun he glances over to see a very pale, tired looking Dean come stumbling outside.
His phone goes off again, and it tugs him back to the present. It’s a double buzz and its loud enough for Pamela to look over a raise her eyebrow at him. He can feel his cheeks heat up; he did not want to be on the receiving end of her wrath. Hopefully whoever it was would stop texting him.
Castiel checks his own watch now, they had about twenty minutes for guests to finish mingling in the garden to take their seats. Even with the September air breathing a whisper of fall on it breeze, the grounds were still in bloom with flowers. Elieen had insisted on using the gardens, she had it all mapped out in her mind, and once he saw the concept, he couldn’t help but agree with her.
“Sure Gabe, my treat. Happy Birthday.” He winks unexpectedly at his older brother and jumps out of the booth. Striding across the bar he already has his wallet out ready to handover what will no doubt be an exorbitant amount of money.
“Cas, can I... will you let me fuck you?” His own free hand drops between his legs and pulls himself tightly. “Please baby?”
“It’s not a waste of money if it leads to future growth.” She counters, punctuating her point with a a forkful of pasta salad.
He strolls away through he stands, Castiel watches him go over his shoulder. How did he get so lucky?
“Thank you, um Kate, we’re going to be good here while. Would you mind giving us some time? I don’t think we’ll order dinner just yet.”
“I want to apologize, again, for my behavior over the last month. I reacted very poorly to the news from Jimmy and I think you may have suffered for it as much as I have.” He’s been practicing what to say for days. He hopes it goes better than his last apology. Another step.
Cas is still pouting so Dean leans over a plants a long, noisy kiss on his lips. When he pulls away Cas’s face is beet red and volume level in the room is deafening.
“I thought I could hold off telling you, but now that my cover is blown, I have to come clean.” He shakes his head in mock sadness.
“I figured as much,” he claps a hand on Sam’s shoulder as they follow after her, “how’s it going man?”
Dean huffs out a breath, “He offered me the job outright, as soon as graduation was over I could have it. The following week was the first time Dad got admitted to the hospital. I stalled Benny as long as I could, and he understood. But eventually I had to turn him down. Dad was getting sicker, but it wasn’t because of that. I was afraid, I didn’t think I'd be good enough. And the fear of failing kept me from ever taking the chance. I used Dad’s illness as a reason to quit.”
He nods, yes, they were. As one of three owners of the MudDevils Dean was probably the most invested in the team. Physically, he was at almost every game and most practices; financially his other partners had a bit more skin in the game. But that was fine; it afforded Dean the ability to avoid the less than desirable aspects of ownership. Like budget meetings and wooing investors. There hadn’t been a big market for Triple-A ball in the Plains States; Iowa, Kansas, North and South Dakota. None of those teams had existed five years ago. It was a growing commodity; Dean hoped it would stick around long enough for him to see the return on his financial investment.
“Ok fine it will be bad, she’s going lose her mind.” Dean admits. He starts laughing and Cas joins in.
“Hey Dean-o!” A joyful voice interrupts their tense stares and before he can look over to see who it is Becky's hand tightens on his arm.
Dean is laying face down on the sofa when there’s a knock at the door. He jumps up quickly, thinking, hoping Cas came home. But when he flings open the door he’s surprised to see Ketch standing on his doorstep.
Gabe flops back on the couch, “It’s a metaphor! It's not the whole meal, it's just something in between. Till you’re ready for something serious again.”
Speaking of less than exotic, the clomp of boots across the kitchen has him looking up from his newspaper. A flash of blonde hair ducks into the fridge and clinks around the various takeout containers and juice bottles. Cringing that the contents will be found lacking he makes a note to stop on the way home later for food. He had meant to get to the grocery store last night, but a deadline crept up on him and he spaced out... again.
He's just getting himself comfortable when his keen ears pick up the squeak of footsteps on the floorboards in the hall. Making one last adjustment to his posture, Dean grips his hands behind his back, takes a deep breath and lowers his eyes to the floor. At the faint inhale of breath, he knows his Dom is standing in the doorway; taking in his freckled shoulders, narrow hips, and (if his past lovers had spoken the truth) his perfectly formed ass. Pride swells through him at the thought of Castiel’s eyes raking over the hard plains and soft lines of his body. He wasn’t a vain person by any means, but Dean knew what he looked like. And it pleased him to know despite their current roles he might hold a little bit of power over his Dom in that moment.
Okay, not the worst request. She probably just needed a ride to the airport again and he could beg off from that easily. Now that Uber was a thing, almost no one asked their friends for rides like that anymore.
“I love you too,” he mumbles into Cas’s shoulder, “Cas, I’m so sorry about all the things I said. I was wrong, about everything. You’ve only been doing what you thought was right. And I, well I couldn’t see it. Or I didn’t want to. But there’s something I need to know.”
Dean’s brain explodes in a mass of questions. He fucking did what?! When did he visit? Why did he even talk to Adam? “Cas was here?”
They speed up to the curb and Cas is out of the car before they even come to a stop. Dean slams the door and is right behind him. Bags forgotten they both run through the gate and to the front door.
“What? This house was practically founded on music, we have a whole room dedicated to it!” She gestures wildly behind her to some vague corner of the mansion.
Emma frowns, “No, I mean yes she was being a bitc-, a jerk. But they just kept laughing and messing me up and I just... Dad I just snapped.”
“She might have mentioned a certain couple getting it on with no regard for public decency in her parking lot last night.” Jess takes a big bite of apple as Sam blanches from his seat on the barstool.
The fingers pull out of him almost immediately as Dean lets go of Cas to allow him to position himself more fully between his legs. His face flushed, his hairline and chest already slick with sweat. His blue eyes almost black in soft light of the bedroom. Cas takes more of the lube off the table and strokes himself, coating his thick cock with it. Dean can feel when Cas lines himself up with his hole, the head of his cock just resting at the opening. Cas’s biceps flex a little as he supports Dean’s leg over his arm.
Backing away quietly he raps an elbow on the door jamb and lets out a quiet yelp. Both Castiel and his sister turn in time to see Dean bolt for the front entrance. Racing down the long hall, he pushes past another tour group and runs out the first door he sees. He barely makes it out to the gravel drive when Cas catches up to him. How did he get here so fast?
Thinking about how today he waved the white flag of surrender; but soon he’ll make ready his weapons.
“Hey I get it, you don’t want to talk to some “kid” about your problems or whatever. I don’t want to hear about it anyway.” He stomps off to his room without another word.
His chin trembles, “Today at the ball game. After you left a man came up to us. He said a bunch of stuff like that. I didn’t like it, and daddy’s face went all funny like this.”
Gulping, he takes a bite that’s more cheese than vegetables but it's enough to get her off his back.
It was better this way; they all agreed, with the mediation of Dr. Barnes, that Adam’s key to successful recovery was independence.
Although he could admit, it was nice to get out of the cold weather. It may be spring in Florida, but South Dakota had apparently missed the memo. When the three of them got off the plane in Tampa they all let out a collective sigh as the Florida sun seeped into their Midwest bones. It was comical to see locals walking around in coats while they donned shorts and bright colored shirts.
TW: some mentions of Castiel's upbringing in this chapter and the not so nice things he went through. It's not in graphic detail and most likely wont be mentioned again. But I have updated the tags accordingly. And if it does come up, I will give you a heads up.
He didn’t bottom often, but the drag of his finger over his hole was still a welcome sensation. Coupled with the choked off moans of the man behind him, Castiel eyes slip closed in pleasure as he teases his rim. Pushing in to the second knuckle, Castiel sighs and looks back at Dean over his shoulder.
“Ladies please, I’ve got two hands.” He waggles his eyebrows, and his mom cuffs him on the back of the head lightly.
She grins and ducks her head, “Shouldn't you be saving those kind words for someone who’d appreciate them a bit more?”
“God Dean!” Castiel groans, the heat of Dean’s body on his, a stark contrast to the door at his back.
Maybe that was the problem though, Dean didn’t know what he was feeling. Or more specifically his feelings were conflicted.
“If that’s okay with you?” Castiel watches his son closely. He almost always could gauge what Jack was thinking, they both had the bad habit of blurting out what was ever on their minds.
“I’m not really up for that conversation now, I guess.” Cas shrugs trying to come off as noncommittal but inside he’s a storm of confusion and hurt. Whatever Dean had to say it can’t have been good.
“I’m offering the chance for you to pay the bank what you owe them, so they won’t have incentive to sell.”
“Are you kidding me!?” Dean shouts. Fucking 18-year-old bullshit. Dean feels like he got mauled by a bear.
“Then we’ll go to the head of the league. There are rules in the bylaws...about discrimination, about inclusion, about common fucking decency!”
“Why don’t you get cleaned up, I’ll put the kettle on and we’ll at talk about that conversation or at least talk about what’s next for you. Dean did have a message for you. When’re you’re ready I can relay what he said.” Theres pity in his eyes and Cas has to look away.
Pride crests like a wave through Castiel’s face at his response, his smile more radiant than any Dean had ever seen, “Yes, you are my good boy.”
Dean walks to the door as a third round of knocking starts. Okay it’s definitely louder. He throws it open, looks out and then down, at the pixie of a woman holding a bakery box on their doorstep.
“Friendship, family, and love; that is what brings us here today. When I met Castiel and Dean, the first thing I noticed was how much these two men value the relationships with each and every one of you. You may be related to either of them, but even if you aren’t, it’s the bonds you’ve formed that make you all a family. Dean schooled me very quickly that family doesn’t end in blood.”
Dean stumbles, heavy limbed and gritty eyed onto his bed roll. It was near dawn and his turn at watch was blessedly over. Still fully clothed he stretches out, aching in a way a man’s body would and not a boy’s that had only seen seven seasons. Twisting his back to relieve the stiffness of standing along the village wall. He’d been awake since the moon had turned and his father kicked him out of bed in the name of duty.
Pulling open the door, his earlier doubts are promptly shoved aside as he’s greeted by a handful of autumn flowers and a shy smile. Castiel holds the bouquet out with one hand, while the other holds a small black duffle bag. Ignoring the low curl of anticipation at what might be in that bag, Dean beams like an idiot at the man before him, unable to contain his joy for even a second at the sight of Castiel on his doorstep.
“You’ve been essentially blackmailing me, and I’m doing everything in my power to not strangle you right now.”
“Castiel.” He looks down at Dean’s outstretched hand like he just been offered a severed head. Guess Dean’s on his own here. He grabs Castiel’s hand to shake it and as their palms connect Dean feels another roll of lust in his gut. This could be interesting. He dials up his smile a little more.
“Too soon for you to bail on him or too soon to invite him over for a nooner?” Sending his brother, a very suggestive wink.
A tradition, to have a party at the apartment. And not just any party, no it has to be a costume party! And everyone must dress up.
Castiel interrupts his train of thought with another comment, “You recently got out of a long-term relationship but you're not as heartbroken about it as people would assume.”
Dean’s breath heaves in and out of his chest, his blood boils under his skin. That woman, that lying snake. He was a fool to get involved with her. But what if she was right, did Cas really end the deal? Did he own their home? What if he bulldozed the whole thing and built that stupid mall? No, Cas wouldn’t do that... not after everything he did for Dean’s family. Everything he did for...
His eyes glance over the crowd; Sam is rubbing Eileen’s feet while she chats with her sister. Anna, mostly softened up to all of them now, somehow convinced herself she’d been in favor of Sam and Eileen’s relationship the entire time. Dean was just happy she spent most of her time in Europe with her rich husband, the man sitting peacefully next to her. He was nice enough, just also old enough to be her father.
“Because I’m a bad friend okay! Is that what you want to hear?” Castiel shouts, and immediately looks ashamed. His uncles don’t deserve this kind of treatment.
He heads up the steps and ducks into the ticket office. Two women sit and a long counter with an assembly line of tickets, programs and coupons in front of them. They’re stacking, tearing, and wrapping all manner of items for distribution to the guests later today.
“Castiel, I called Gabriel, just to let him know how you were doing. That was months ago. I didn’t think he’d show up today of all the days!” Mick says exasperatedly.
“Whelp, I think I'll go check in with the team,” he says nonchalantly, “but I'll have a surprise when I come back.”
“I’m a lawyer.” Castiel bristles again at the question. Despite his libido working overtime Dean gets the feeling this guy doesn’t want anything to do with him. He cannot get a read on this guy, or himself for that matter.
Shaking off the thousand-yard stare, Dean looks up at him and his eyes are clear. They're bright and so full of love it steals his breath away. If he could wish for anything, it would be for Dean to always look at him like this.
“You too, I have to be going anyway. Enjoy your meal.” Castiel kind of bows his head and leaves them to their food. Dean starts tearing the bags open, but Becky just sits with her hand resting on the plastic container, her head bent down again.
Slowly rising, Dean cups his chin in his scarred hunter’s hands. Pressing a chaste kiss to his lips, his voice a rare trembling mess, “More than anything. I love you Cas, I-I think I always have.”
Dean can feel his own cock jerk in response and he things he might be able to cum from sucking Cas off alone. He pulls back and Cas whines in the back of his throat.
“Yeah, well, what if I want to worry?” he murmurs, and then louder says, “What I mean is, I gotta worry about you man. That’s what friends do.”
Thank you so much for coming on this odd little trip with me. What started out as free verse poetry in my head took on a life of its own and became this story.
“Darcy, that’s the name of the family who owns Pemberley.” She beams, proud of having found the answer so quickly.
It wasn’t like that between them; they had been best friends for years, practically grew up together. Cas had showed up at the group home around the time Dean started his sophomore year of high school. A wiry tornado of a boy, with a harsh grin and wicked blue eyes. He spit venom at anyone who dared to look at him and got in more fights than Dean could count. A bunch of those had been with Dean himself, who would gladly start a fight just because it was a Tuesday and he was bored.
They eat in silence for a few moments, Dean’s itching to ask more questions. Cas has been so guarded this whole time. It seems like he’s only let a few personal details slip out. It’s just a first date, he should just enjoy it. Be present, be in the moment. Stop thinking about what comes next.
“So, she’s staring at us right, like she’s about ready to call security. And I’m thinking, shit, I will do just about anything to make this girl leave right now. So, I did the only think I could think of.”
His words sound vaguely positive, but Dean can read between the lines. Sam’s not homesick. He may even be thriving out there. Dean worries if his brother may have found his niche in California.
The song ends, Dean drops Cas’s hand and apruptly walks away. His body vibrating with anger and arousal.
“I think it would be best if you stopped talking now.” Castiel rumbles in his ear, warm breath brushing over the back of his collar.
With his hand fisting his own cock, Dean comes awake with a shout. Thick white ropes plastering his bare chest and stomach, the other hand wrapped tight around the feather beneath his pillow. Milking the last of his spend out, he groans out the unknown name still stuck behind his teeth. Cursing, again, that it was just another dream. In the dark of the barn, there is no lover to sooth him, no one to press a kiss to his damp brow. Another harsh reminder that he was alone in this world.
Staring each other down for a brief moment, something vile passes over Zachariah’s face before he speaks, “I see you two know each other, that’s very interesting. But no matter, the girls got into some petty disagreement and chose to take violence against each other. Thus, violating our school’s zero tolerance policy.”
The color in his cheeks stirs something in Dean, coupled with thoughts of the traitorous sweatpants. Grinning he leans against the doorframe, watching with interest as the heat doesn’t leave Castiel’s face.
What did she want to do? Add toys, more bondage, other people? Oh God, this was such a stupid idea. He was going to get fucked by some guy named Hector while she filmed it for Brazzers.
“Alright fine, but I’m checking it Sunday afternoon.” Sam folds his arms over his impressive chest and Adam nods silently in compliance.
Castiel’s hand rests on the table; Dean, ignoring all his instincts, reaches out for it. Rubbing his fingers over the top of it, “Hey, Cas thank you for telling me all that. It means a lot you felt you could be that honest with me, a total stranger.”
With a shaky plan in place, Castiel squares his shoulders and straightens up, “Get away with what Dean? As Mr. Adler stated, we have no say in the matter. Unless your daughter is admitting she started the fight then it seems like our hands are tied.”
Dean hangs up and sits down on the bench by the doorway. It's cold, and he wraps his suit jacket tight around him. He wished he could have changed out of these fancy clothes before heading to the hospital but there wasn’t time. Now he’d waste time with Adam doubling back to the house.
No response, Dean is staring at the floor and his lips are moving silently. Castiel stands and takes a step closer to him. His hands are ice cold, he grips them tightly. Rubbing his thumb over the pulse points in Dean’s wrists.
The door opens at that moment, both men look up to see Becky Collins standing in the doorway. Her head is held high but Castiel can see her chin quiver under their gaze. Now that could be because her boss and the man he reported to were staring at her, but Castiel can almost feel the tension vibrating off of her.
“Dean,” Cas starts, and it pulls him out of the brood he had going, “they had to cut me out of my clothes in the ambulance.”
“I hope you can forgive me, and we can put it behind us.” He tries again. Cas turns his head at this and squints.
She sniffs a little, brushing a tear from her cheek, “Everything's fine, sorry it's just hormones. We want to ask you to be the baby’s guardian. If something should happen to us, that is.”
Back in the gym, he stands before Dean in another fitted suit. This one is navy and he wears a striped blue tie loosely knotted around his neck. A tan trench coat folded over one arm.
He debates for two seconds on subway or cab and urgency wins out over cost. He walks to the corner and throws his hand up in the air. A bright yellow cab pulls up in minutes and Dean climbs in.
They were going to Cas’s apartment; Dean had explicitly told Cas he didn’t want to be alone. His heart pounds at the thought, what was Cas going to do? What was he going to do?
that. Said you weren’t welcome in his park.” Castiel sneers, “He’s very small minded, it’s not the first time he’s made a comment about... someone like us.”
Castiel pales for a moment, already worrying about a rowdy audience member ruining the evening. They’ve been to enough bars over the years to know one bad apple can put a damper on anyone’s good time. But then Dean tips his head shyly and holds the mike close to his mouth, batting his long eyelashes in the process.
Humor blooms over her face, “That’s probably true, but we can’t really start without the groom, can we?”
Breathing heavily, he sees another bouncer standing by watching him closely. Hands on his knees now he gives the guy a “one minute” sign and inhales deeply through his nose. And out through the mouth. You are fine, it’s fine.
But it had been a year, and he had done nothing to give her cause to believe him. He was failing her.
Castiel confided in him at some point, one random night while they laid in the quiet warmth of each other’s arms, that his last relationship failed because his ex-boyfriend had a problem with Claire. Now Dean feared it would be completely understandable for Cas to pull away from him because of Emma’s actions. How could he expect Cas to stay when their relationship was so new and fragile? If the roles were reversed, Dean was self-aware enough to know he’d be pissed and would push Castiel away if given the chance over something like this.
Cas smirks and Dean just knows that may have been his backup plan this entire time. He knew his friend, even if Cas didn’t know his own mind, and it was totally on brand for Castiel to be an insufferable prick just to get out of being babied.
His eyes trail over Castiel’s face. They’ve never stood this close before. The curve of his cheekbone, the soft shell of his ear, the heavy cupid’s bow of his top lip. Dean’s stares unabashedly at all of him.
Dean swears softly, threatening to throw his club on the ground but the arch of Castiel’s brow has him freezing with his arm raised over his head. Sheepishly he lowers the club, blushing damn near everywhere Castiel can see, “Nice shot babe.”
When she closes the door, he can see where the bathroom presumably is, and an open closet where she has an overnight bag stashed. Wait, is she spending the night here? Is HE going to have to spend the night?
“Don’t you fret yourself with that now.” The other man quickly changes the subject. “Besides, I hear some congratulations are in order?”
For the last three hours Adam has been ignored by his brothers, refused service by every bartender in here, and mistaken for a waiter about 10 times.
“You’ll want to shoot for November then, but far enough from thanksgiving where not too many people are out of town.”
People just kept showing up and shouting Hi to Charlie, or Harry, even Kevin got a few shouts of “Hey little Tran!” Castiel didn’t know where they were all going to fit.
Humming an old AC/DC song he strips off his two-day old clothes and tosses them on the growing pile of laundry stacked in the corner of his bedroom. Yesterday would have been laundry day, but that ship had sailed till he could get back here and drag a basket down to the basement.
Open mouth kisses press down along his belly, skipping right over Dean’s aching cock. Castiel’s sucks hard on the tender skin of Dean’s inner thigh instead. Dean bites back on another moan while he struggles to keep his hips from thrusting upwards. If he wasn’t so desperate for it, he’d be embarrassed at how quickly he was going to finish once Castiel finally made good on his reward. And that he might be ready to beg for it.
Their mother had been an artist, as well as a teacher, and she had always wanted a sort of communal space for people to meet. An artist’s hovel, his father often joked. But never too harshly.
The wind is bleeding into his thin coat; he’ll have to head inside soon. But he can’t go back to the apartment... not now anyway. Maybe not ever.
She laughs, “Don't let Jack hear you say that he’s been talking about it nonstop the whole weekend.”
His expression softens, “Dean I think I know you well enough now to know I couldn’t intimidate you even if I wanted to.”
“Right... So you said this bar isn’t officially open yet, how come there’s so many people?” Dean counts at least 20 in the line with them. Plus who knows how many more inside. He doesn’t mind though. Of all the things Dean missed the most about his old life, it was the people. He’s happier to be out of the house than he thought he’d be.
Cas nods, “Most likely yes, she fed Gabe and I some lies about being forced by the developer to skim. And we, regrettably, let her leave the building freely. But once we dug deeper it was clear she acted all on her own. I suspect the authorities have picked her up by now.”
They had agreed earlier in their conversation, around the time Castiel got to the section on bondage and Dean started melting into his chair, that they were going to wait till both their test results came back before engaging in a scene. Coincidentally neither of them had up to date papers and both felt more comfortable heading into a new relationship with everything squared away. Dean was beginning to regret that decision, as he was already suppressing the urge to drop under the table and suck Cas off while he finished going through the list.
The fence line comes up quick and he pulls back gently on the reins to slow them down. Arthur, his driver is standing talking to Claire’s driver Mick and a tall man too far away recognize. He’s not one of the boarders, he’s wearing a grey suit and coat against the chilly day.
No way! That seems too... too easy! It couldn’t work, she’ll get caught and then someone else’s just going to take over her case files or whatever.
Now its Dean’s turn to look away. What could he tell him? He’s been having inappropriate amounts of freaky sex with the woman trying to steal their house; he’s barely said two words to their youngest brother in weeks, unless you count shouting curses back and forth; or he recently found out Castiel was falling in love with him, and Dean wanted to simultaneously bloody his perfect face and throw up from nerves. Oh, and don’t forget the guy we hired to get out of the housing crisis may or may not be a pedophile and murderer!
“So I just wanted to say that I’m really glad to see you guys. And I’m going to miss you all terribly.” Everyone looks at Dean in confusion. Miss him? Where was he going?
But as his traitorous eyes make their way over to the bar for what seems like the hundredth time, he sort of wishes he was a little more inebriated. Maybe the liquid courage would have helped him work up the nerve to go say hello to Dean by now instead of just mooning over him from afar. It certainly could have given him a case of whiskey dick, so he didn’t have to worry about sporting an erection in front of his friends.
He sighs, turning back to the task at hand. Taking a sip of coffee, he places his fingers over the keys and begins to type.
She walks past him and smiles as she pauses at the door. “We’ll talk again soon then. Enjoy your pie boys.”
“Oh come on, it won’t be that bad!” Dean chuckles and tries to pull his hands away. Cas stares at him blankly.
On the wall sits a bird, feathers inky black as the midnight sky. It hops along on crooked talons, pecking at the sphagnum and dirt under its feet. The boy marvels at how much larger it is than the gulls and sparrows he’s seen along the shore or in the forest. It’s even bigger than the crows who feast on corn in the farming fields outside their village. It flaps its wings again and the span is surely longer than his own arm. The early morning sunlight catches on its feathers, and they are no longer as onyx as he originally thought, they dapple with all the colors in the rainbow. Dusky blues, burnt oranges, emerald greens; the wings are beautiful, more beautiful than anything he’d ever seen.
“I’ll make a note of it.” Dean nods diplomatically. He would, but he didn’t know how much more payroll was available for another office employee.
Dean obeys without hesitation, whatever Castiel had in mind he knew he was safe here. There’s a whisper soft sound of fabric in his ear and the feeling of cloth over his closed eyes. A blindfold, or possibly Castiel’s own tie, fits snuggly around his head and he can feel Castiel’s hands tighten a knot at the base of his skull.
“Got what?” Pipes up another voice behind them. Adam emerges from the basement. A picture of teenage slacker, Adam’s greasy hair is in need of a trim and the hand me down BON JOVI tee shirt hangs off his skinny frame.
Releasing the hold on his hair Dean straightens to give Castiel better access. Running his hands back around to the front, Castiel wastes no time getting Dean’s pants unbuckled and his fly undone. Shoving his hand down the front of Dean’s underwear his hand closes around his rock-hard erection, marveling in the soft heat wrapped around solid muscle. Dean groans into the hollow of his throat.
Rising with the rest of the audience, Castiel claps with enthusiasm. Trying his hardest to pay attention to show before him, he scolds himself anytime his thoughts venture over to the bar area. But if the four times he’s caught himself doing it in the last twenty minutes and the way his slacks are starting to tighten every time he sees Dean smile is any indication, it was going to be a very long night.
“Gabe...” Cas’s voice breaks as looks to his brother and the other man’s eyes soften. He takes a few steps forward, closing the gap between them. Pulling him into a warm embrace. Cas rests his head on his brother’s shoulder and he feels something in his heart start to settle for the first time in years.
“I’m sorry, I’m forgetting your name.” Dean stammers. He’s never met this woman before in his life! And he’s met a dozen or so of his brother’s coworkers.
“I don’t know Sam; it doesn’t sound like he sealed the deal,” She glances over at her husband, “guess you owe me $50.”
“However,” She smiles, “without strict discipline he will relapse. Adam’s personality requires constant reassurance. He is seeking approval from anyone who will give it to him.”
Something shifts in Dean’s eyes and Castiel knows he’s won. He pulls his love close and cradles the back of his head in his hand. Memorizing every sensation, understanding there will be no touches like this once they returned home.
The Impala pulls in the driveway. No sooner is the car parked when his mother and sister run out to greet them. His dad and brother stand calmly on the porch.
“What are you talking about man?” He tries to dial it back but he can’t keep the hurt out of his voice. “Cas, don’t do this. Please.”
Castiel’s dress shoes tap a rhythm quick enough to rival his heartbeat as he races down the hallway of Claire’s school. He'd barely made it out of the shower back at Dean’s apartment before his own cell phone signaled two missed calls and voicemail from the principal stated Clarie was facing expulsion as the apparent fight she got into today was her third offense.
Cas positions him up to the edge of the bed, backing up for a moment to pull the shirt from his shoulders. He takes his hand and places it on Dean’s chest, with a soft push he’s falling backwards on the soft bedspread. Cas wastes no time climbing on top of him. Angling his body away from Dean’s, leaning his head down to suck a mark on his chest. Dean lets out a whine in the back of his throat, he tries to shift his hips to brush against Castiel’s. Anything to create some friction between them. He felt like he was going mad from want.
“Yeah I was getting there. Across from us are Charlie and Meg; they also aren’t a couple. Just friends that go wayback. Different as night and day too, you wouldn’t look at them and think friends for life. Any-who, they host a weekly game night. It’s pretty fun; they have a ton of board games, they even have Super Nintendo tournaments like March Madness with brackets. Charlie also mods a D&D group that I’m apart of.” He’s got that smile dialed up to 11 again, Cas wants to smile right back.
“Charlie, sweetheart; I will help you, I will clean up all the mess, but can I please, please take a shower first?” He turns on the puppy dog eyes and she softens like butter.
Without moving his head, Castiel’s eyes tip up to Dean. They’ve filled with tears, making that impossible blue look even more like an ocean that Dean can ever remember. Already a breath away from drowning in them he doesn’t break the eye contact. Cas needs him now; he’ll deal with the repercussions of his own fucked up feelings later.
Of course they did, he was never going to get used to this. Cas’s wealth was unfathomable sometimes. Cas is still running his thumb in a light pattern on his face, he’s been staring at Dean’s mouth the entire time.
When she was little, Claire used codewords for everything. If she had a secret, she didn’t want their mother to know about she used the code word Sassafras. A guest at a party she found rude, Pollywog. It had been her favorite game, she’d try so hard to fit them into every day conversations, for a while one of her teachers thought she might be deranged. It warmed his heart to think she still held on to those memories' years later.
Cas shakes his head. “I don’t think a lie this big would benefit him in any way. Plus he didn’t ask to see me. Just told me the news and told me to go fuck myself.” He laughs in dismay. The audacity of Jimmy sometimes was staggering.
Becky, apparently appreciative of the contact, moans again and presses their bodies together. He can imagine what the coarseness of his flannel coat and jeans feels like through the thin layer of silk because she breaks the kiss and cries out.
“Thank you for the offer, but it's been a few years. I don’t think you all would like the sound that came out.”
“I’m not going back,” Claire interrupts Emma’s rant. But when she finally looks up at the three of them her eyes are clear and bright, “Cas and I talked and Lawrence High isn't the right place for me. Too much baggage at this point, ya know?”
“I thought you might be Cas. He never came home last night.” Dean would have known. He tried to stay awake all night waiting. The clock on the wall ticking off the minutes one by one. The dawn breaking through their apartment windows.
“So you’re not coming back?” The pain has returned and it’s threatening to drown him for good this time. Heartbeating fast again; Cas. Cas. Cas.
“I think you’re going to tell me.” he half-heartedly rolls his eyes. Not near as exasperated as he should be. Dean had a way of making him forget to be serious. His playful nature compelled him to relax, to have fun. Something he had a very hard time with till recently.
“Fuck you feel so good,” Dean breaks their kiss, pressing the words into Castiel’s skin with his mouth. Licking and sucking at his throat, Dean angles his head to get a better vantage point.
The door opens behind him and Charlie’s shadow dances on the wall. He takes a deep breath, she’s going to know what he was doing in here. And he doesn’t want to upset her again. One more night Winchester; tomorrow you start putting your life back together. With or without Cas in it.
“You know I hate when you suit types say that. It may not be personal to you, but this is our home. We grew up here. Our whole lives are here. And you think you can just flash some dollar signs and we’ll walk away from it all?”
Dean wouldn’t go that far; the Angels only scored their third run on an error. But he wasn’t going to debate a win.
Close, that was very close to begging, he thinks but not quite, “Oh, sweet boy, I think you can do better than that.” Castiel laps at the slit of his cock, tasting the bitterness of precum on his tongue. Dean’s hips try and force their way closer into his waiting mouth, but Castiel holds him, palm flat on his belly.
As she reaches the main floor she spies Castiel frowning into a drink in the corner. Normally he’d have already made a graceful exit. Parties were never his cup of tea. Something Anna had been trying to correct for years.
“Sorry if that got kind of heavy with my mom before. I think sometimes she’s get it in her head I’m going to... I dunno stop loving her or something.” Dean huffs out a laugh. He looks nervous, Cas can’t remember the last time Dean looked anything but joyful.
Once the clothes are in the bag, he chews on his lips completely stumped about what else to grab. Everything else in the room seemed too big or cumbersome to bring to the hospital. He probably didn't want his computer, and his phone was still at the hospital. He already had a book and based on the bookmark it wasn’t even half read, so there wasn’t a need for a second one.
His heart pounds at the sight of the message. His head flying up he looks around the parking lot but doesn’t see Dean walking up or waiting for him, he must be inside. Castiel steals a breath and exits his brother’s car. Gabe generous enough to take an Uber home, Castiel’s own car back in Sioux Falls, he road down for the weekend with the team.
Castiel almost jumps out of his skin at the mention of his last name, but he realizes Buddy is yelling at Gabriel. Wait, Buddy knows Gabe? Well, he guesses that makes sense, they do work at the park together. He wonders if Gabe knows who the man in the costume is. He didn’t say anything last night after Castiel told his story of their fight. He’d have to ask him about it later. They were going to have a nice chat about workplace propriety.
Eleven years ago, he laid a hand on Dean Winchester in the depths of Hell. Fought through scores of demons to reach his broken body in the middle of the pit. And the moment he pulled that shining beacon of hope into himself, something in his soul cried out in recognition. In the years since there were times Castiel was unsure if he still had a soul; he’s been struck down and resurrected more times than he could count. And at some point, he reasoned, the Heavenly Host surely must have run out of patience for him and his unyielding quest for humanity. But now, in the parking lot of the Cleveland Public Library, Castiel swears that same sense of familiarity and rightness settles over his mortal soul once more.
He hopes his blush is mistaken for the flush face of exertion, “I should’ve asked a different question.”
Uh you want to kiss him all the time? Maybe that’s what possessed you. Dean frowns and washes the hair spray and gunk from from his hair.
Out the corner of his eye Dean spies the largest rent-a-cop he’s ever seen. The dude could easily have been center forward for the Knicks.
“Dean, I thought a lot about what I wanted to say to you today. I thought about our first date, our first kiss, the first time we said I love you. Oddly enough those events happened in somewhat backwards order.”
A second voice, much less harsh than the first, sighs back, “Patience was never one of your virtues was it deary?”
A faint “SORRY!” from the basement is good enough for Dean who nods to himself and makes his way to the kitchen. Sam is at the table, notebooks strewn about, nose inches from the laptop screen, a cup of coffee at his elbow. Dean picks up the cup and takes a big gulp. It’s bitter cold and he gags, spitting it back into the mug with a grimace.
“If I sabotage those relationships from the start how is that any different with Dean? Aren’t I already sabotaging whatever future I thought we could have together?”
“You know just regular stuff. The upcoming launch, bugs in the code giving him problems. He makes this really cute face when he’s working. He gets this line right between his brows and I just want to kiss it.” She drops the spoon and hugs herself.”
“So you got your kitchen, living room, bathroom is that way.” Dean is gesturing like a air traffic controller. Hands waving spastically in the air.
Castiel’s face, which has been like an open book of emotions, slams shut with such resolve it has Dean flinching in surprise. Pulling his hand back rapidly he starts wrapping up his half-finished sub, looking everywhere but Dean’s face.
Ticking off on one hand Dean counts, “Onions, I have to fucking sneak it into food like you’re a child. Um, quiche, not a big fan of fish, but I think it's just the smell, meatloaf – which is ridiculous by the way because my meatloaf is awesome, and pudding.”
Dean laughs, Cassie was going to get an earful later. “What do you think Cas? You up for something special?”
“We had another appointment silly! I left you messages.” She calls over the back of her shoulder. “Ooh are we having breakfast?”
Dean reaches in a yanks Adam back upright, buckling him firmly in the seat. He pulls a fifty-dollar bill from his wallet and tosses it at the driver.
“You’re acting like a child.” Ketch scolds. “And besides, you despise the holidays. Why are you so keen to spend it with us all of a sudden?”
“I don’t know, but I intend to ask her.” Castiel checks his watch, another thirty minutes and she’d be here. Then she could explain to them both, in person, what the hell was going on.
“... So she turns to him, looks him straight in the eyes and says, "I'll screw anybody any time, any where, any place, it doesn't matter to me." Alastair pauses and the boys look at him expectantly for the punch line.
Dean knew many businesses in the area had mob ties and he was thankful to be working at one that didn’t. Last thing he needed was some low level mob boss trying to get him to “join the family.” He had enough family drama for one lifetime, thank you very much.
Besides liking the show, it had been an utter joy to watch Dean for the last few hours. He was the perfect audience member. He laughed at all the jokes, sang along to every song, and gasped appropriately when the juggler tossed a rather large dildo high in the air and caught it with only their left foot. He was literally the most sexy and adorable thing Castiel has ever seen. But fat lot of good that was doing him if he couldn’t even get out of the damn booth to do anything about it.
“Can I see that?” He reaches for her phone blindly; she raises a brow in confusion but eventually hands it over.
He taps a soft knock on the open door of Jack’s bedroom. He already knew where the little boy would be; having received a full-fledged tour last night, complete with superhero introductions, so he’s unsurprised to see him curled up in his bed kitty-corner to the doorway. Jack has the covers pulled up high to his chin, and he’s slumped down low on his pillow.
“Sorry, forgot my manners. Did you want a beer man?” Dean thumbs back towards the kitchen. Was this really happening? Was he going to have a beer with Cas, in his house? Watch TV, maybe even warm up some leftovers for him. Did Cas even eat leftovers?
Cas reaches out and turns on the lamp. Both men blink in the soft light of the bedroom. Dean sits up, his eyes are wide with confusion, tears streaming down his face.
Slowly he moves his hands to the front of Cas’s shirt, fingers deftly undoing the buttons. He bends his head lower and kisses at the exposed skin. Another button, followed by an accompanying kiss; Castiel panting hot, breathy sounds in his ear. He props himself up, giving Dean further access to his chest. Dean catches Castiel’s nipple between his teeth and teases it to a tight peak.
“Hmmm, if only you had someone to help with those kinds of expenses and decisions.” she raises her brows at him.
In the end Michael had won but Gabe managed to sneak Cas out a few weeks later. They gorged on cheeseburgers and shakes at a local diner. Cas was so sick after. It was one of his favorite memories. His brother really tried to give Cas a “normal life” no matter what it cost him. He may have even suffered for it long after Cas was gone.
Guilt bubbles in Dean’s stomach. Castiel looks so betrayed to see them standing here. But why? Alastair’s been perfectly wonderful to them. What happened between the two of them to make Castiel act this way?
He could probably scramble and get someone from concessions over here. But he wasn’t sure how set they were for today. He’s about to offer that up when his phone (finally) rings. Struggling to rip it out of his pocket before the second ring, he raps an elbow on the door jamb.
Kissing him again, Dean snags his wallet and keys before sprinting out of the apartment and down the back stairs to his car. Proverbially scratching his head over what possessed his daughter to get in a fist fight in the first place? Of all the ways Emma found to accidentally interrupt them this week, a fight at school was possibly the last thing he could have guessed she’d pull off. But then again, she was half Winchester, so a small part of his wasn’t exactly surprised.
“Coincidentally, I'll be out Saturday night as well.” he says and sets the plates on the table without making eye contact. “Will you be alright on your own after dinner? I can have Ms. Mills from downstairs come sit with you.”
Castiel sits up and sighs dramatically. “Well you know how I told you Dean invited me to go with him to his family dinner?” His cheeks burned, he did not want to drag his uncles into this but they weren’t willing to cooperate.
A voice, more gruff than his own, berated him for close to 20 minutes on the virtues of hard work, family, and duty. Castiel surmised that Bobby and Ellen loved Dean like a son and didn’t see this debt as a burden to themselves. He and his wife saw it as a way to help save Dean, a life preserver tossed out to him on a stormy sea. When Castiel offered to pay for the treatment himself, at first Bobby called him a idiot and tried to hang up the phone.
“Please,” Emma presses, “I just want to apologize, then I'll leave her alone. I know how bad I messed up.”
Turning his head to the side, Dean spies his brother sleeps peacefully on the bed next to his. Curled up under thick quilts made by fellow ladies of the village while Dean shivered in his clothes still damp from the mists of the shore’s edge. Part of him wanted to hate Sam, a small, ugly, twisted thing inside him that wished he’d never been born. But then Sammy would bring him drawings, or little stick warrior men he made, or gave an unsolicited hug and Dean’s pathetic resolve crumbled. The fire, and the subsequent anguish that followed were not Sam Winchester’s fault. And it was up to Dean to protect his brother from the real dangers of the world, not the made-up horror stories his father was inclined to tell when he’d been in his cups. Shapeshifters, vampires, ghouls, wendigos; John Winchester had a drunken, slurred warning for all of them.
Not needing to be told twice, Dean reaches up and rips off the covering on his face, just in time to drink in the near orgasm inducing sight of Castiel naked, between his legs. His normally vibrant blue eyes almost pure black with arousal, bottle of lube already open in one hand. Dean opens his mouth to say hi when his Dom licks a stripe up his dick from root to tip and swallows him down with no preamble whatsoever.
In the glow of the security lights, Cas’s eyes are dark. He stares at Dean unabashedly, and Dean thinks he’s not going to answer. A black sedan pulls up and the driver gets out. He opens the passenger door for Dean and waits silently.
Dean did mention he had a daughter about her age, maybe if things went well, he could arrange for the four of them to get together. Although his niece would see through that ruse in about a minute, and he had no idea if Dean even wanted to introduce his daughter to someone he was seeing. Better to let it alone and allow Claire to make friends on her own, rather than a manufactured meeting with two strangers. The school year had barely started, there was still plenty of time.
Dean nuzzles impossibly closer, their lips almost meeting as the sun finally dips behind the trees surrounding Castiel’s backyard. His warm breath cascading over his face, drugging him. His heart knocking in a heavy thump behind his ribs.
Dean’s eyes flutter closed; his lips are warm against Castiel’s. Pressing their chests together, Castiel pours every ounce of longing he felt these last few months into it. It’s just as amazing as he remembered. He breaks the kiss and rests his head in the crook of his neck, breathing in the scent of him. Trying to commit it to memory.
Dean can only nod, Castiel’s motives are unclear but the disappointed look on Anna’s face is enough for him to agree.
Last he spoke to the DA, Whickham’s lawyers had finally reached a deal. Five years in prison, his license to practice law revoked, and he was going on the sex offender registry. After the news of his arrest was leaked to the press, several other people came forward, the only difference was most of them still hadn’t turned 18.
That sexy smug bastard voice is back now and Dean has to bite his tongue to keep from possibly moaning, or definitely shouting back at Castiel.
“No! That was a lie to get him outside! No ones out there, you should probably hurry up before he catches on.” She smiles and he can only stare at her. The gears shift into place and realizes what she’s saying.
The weekend is over and time for reality to set in. Dean loads up the car with bags and a cooler full of leftovers.
Of all the things he expected Dean to say just now, addressing Cain formally was about the last thing on his mind.
Cas looks around, catching the eye of an older couple and the woman’s face is so disgusted it sets off another fit of laughter. Dean turns to see where he’s looking and he almost spits out his drink, banging a hand on the table. Cas covers his face with his napkin hoping to hide from their stares of disapproval.
“Yes, but I have to leave in thirty minutes. Will you be back? I can't be late for my appointment.” She was a harsh woman to most people, but Castiel knew she was perfectly nice. You just had to get past her barbed exterior.
“Because when I met you, I realized a house is just that. Four walls, wood, and nails. A home is a sense of comfort, of belonging, of love. And when I look at you, I know I have all of that. I look at you and…I’m home.”
“I always knew who I was, there were just sometimes in my life I wasn’t ready to acknowledge it, you know?”
“An altercation with another student Mr. Winchester. Now, if you don’t have any further inane questions, I must call the other student’s parents. I expect you in my office within the hour.”
He takes a big breath; Charlie was his best friend second only to Cas. She was brutally honest, if anyone could help him make sense of this fucking train wreck it would be her.
Sucking and licking through his orgasm, Castiel continues to work his index finger until the other man is a convulsing mess beneath him. From there he releases Dean’s softening cock from the confines of his mouth and sucks another welt on the opposite thigh from earlier.
His 67’ Impala Baby, sits gleaming in the glow of the park lights. An onyx gemstone in a pile of pebbles, she’s just beautiful. Dean stows his bag and climbs in. The engine roars to life and he’s filled with a different kind of excitement, but it's not too far from what he felt from speaking with Castiel just now.
His sub shivers, but Castiel ignores it in favor of scissoring himself open further. He doesn’t hold back any sounds, knowing it will only drive Dean crazier to hear him and not be able to join. From this angle, he’s not able to reach his prostate, but he manages to brush it at least once. Crying out at the flashes of stars in front of his eyes, Castiel throws his head back as he seats himself deeper on his fingers.
They’re sitting chest to chest; Cas’s legs are wrapped around his waist. It’s still not close enough.
“It’s okay Cas, feels good.” He can't answer much more than that, the words already thick in his throat.
“I’d love to, I'll even come help dry.” He takes one of his hands, warm and inviting and raises it to his lips.
He bolts across the hall. Doors slamming in his wake. Once in the privacy of his own space he leans against the wall and slides down to the floor.
He gets out of the car and comes around to take Cas’s things, opening the passenger door for him and stowing his belongings in the backseat. Crutches clattering to the floor of the car.
Wow, seeing all three of them together really packs a punch. The display of superior genetics was a bit staggering.
“It slipped your mind, during a 5 hour car ride to this very house?” He’s raising his voice now but before he can continue Dean just snaps.
“Wonderful!” She turns to Castiel, completely ignoring Dean. “How is Claire? I miss your sister terribly.”
He pauses and licks his chapped lips; Dean looks over at the head therapist, Dr. Pamela Barnes who nods slightly. She was maybe five years older than Dean, but she had been running this program for three years and had worked at the center for over ten. A former addict herself, Dean learned in one of their first meetings, Pamela had grown up on the streets of Queens. And when faced with jail time or rehabilitation, after the DEA busted the drug smuggling ring she had been forced into; she wisely chose the latter.
He shivers, now that he’s alone, the night felt a lot colder than it had when Cas was curled up against him. He jogs over to the Impala and slides into the driver seat. He grips the wheel tightly, willing his nerves to settle. Blowing out a breath he starts his own car and heads the opposite way of Castiel for his house.
He remembers the beginning, people coming in, everything looked so cool, music blaring from the speakers.
The four of them burst out laughing. Earning a few glares from the other patrons. They’ve been sitting at the bar for a few hours now. And are well on their way to inebriated.
He has that gleam in his eyes again, but he steps back just the same. Exhaling a shuddering breath in the process, “Good night Dean.”
“That’s not the point...” Dean struggles with the words as they continue to toss the ball back and forth.
The office door opens and a young woman comes out adjusting her skirt and fussing with her dark auburn hair. Pulling the door closed behind her she notices the trio and yelps in surprise.
“That reading is school, which your supposed to be at right now.” He frowns and Jack’s tears immediately stop.
He needed to regain some of that quickly. “I know the perfect place. We can grab a drink but if you want dinner, they have a good menu too.”
It continues that way for the next several holes, Castiel using geometry and patience to make several more difficult shots and Dean’s bravado dropping with every tally stroke on his score card. Claire and Dean line up for their last hole when Emma steps over to him, a shy smile on her face.
Jack leaps to his feet, nerves evaporated no doubt at the prospect of pizza. He races ahead of Castiel to the front door. Stopping before opening it himself, he turns back to his father and smiles.
Dean curses again, Castiel can clearly hear the slap of skin as Dean jerks himself off on the other end of the phone.
Dean looks over and absently admires Alastair’s profile. Initially when they met this afternoon he thought Alastair was much older than him.
What mess? Castiel looks around, scattered on the floor are coats, shoes, and all manner of accessories. Good lord, what happened here? He bends and picks up one item after another, putting them back in the closet neatly.
It's Castiel’s turn to light up at the comment. This must have been why he was being so secretive, he had something planned the whole time. But what could he possibly have pulled together at the park? He opens his mouth to ask what Dean was up to, but his question is smothered in another fast kiss.
He looks back at her in disbelief but it quickly fades. Of course Meg would have to tell her, they live together. Cas was so wrapped up in the details of his plans he missed something really obvious.
She notices Dean hasn’t said a word, he’s staring at his shoes as if he’s worried they’ll walk away without him.
Warmth washes against the other man’s cheeks, “You don’t know how long I've waited to hear you say my name.”
There's a chuckle behind him and the loss of warmth when Cas removes his hands. The mattress shifts as Cas’s arms come up to bracket around Dean’s shoulders. Cas presses his body flush with Dean’s and the barrage of sensations overwhelms him. The heat of Cas’s chest and torso, the feel of his skin flush against Dean’s back, the hardness of his cock pressed along Dean’s ass, the whisper of Cas’s breath along his ear.
“Wait, wait!” Claire gasps, “what about like when they’re being super obvious about fooling around?”
Dean snorts, oh man this guy is something else. Finger's hover over the keys briefly. He does want to flirt with Cas, it's all he’s been thinking about since last night.
and he found himself achingly hard. He tried palming his erection to hide it, but she caught him. He ended up fucking her from behind with his hand wrapped tightly around her long blonde hair. His orgasm even more powerful than the one before. And he managed to not throw up a second time. Only then did she allow him to leave, smacking a hard kiss to his mouth in the doorway of the hotel room.
He didn’t even know what possessed him to say yes to Dean. A strange man hit on him in a parking lot. It sounded like a plot line from an adult movie! It didn’t help that Dean Winchester looked like he walked off the set of said movie and was hand delivered to him.
Cas’s lips are soft and pillowy, they had looked chapped, but they feel smooth against his own. Dean inhales deeply through his nose breathing in the scent of soap, cologne, and something that might just be Cas himself.
“Sorry, Cas. I just got caught up... in everything.” Last time they were intertwined like this the whole world came crashing down around them. Dean knows it won’t be like that this time but it’s nagging at him to be sure.
Meeting that explanation with a skeptical squint, Castiel tilts his head to the side in a move that’s so much Cas from two days ago it breaks Dean’s heart all over again. It must show on his face because Castiel straightens up and starts picking at invisible lint on his hospital gown.
Okay, he resigns to himself, that did make it a little bit better. He rests their foreheads together and sighs contentedly, “Love you too Cas.”
“America’s pastime, it’s all so wholesome, isn’t it?” There’s a glint of steel to his tone that has Castiel pulling Jack a little closer to him involuntarily. The little boy’s focus trained on the field.
Turning and picking up his beer bottle he runs his freehand through his dark blonde hair, it was getting long again. Not quite as bad as Sammy’s but it was starting to flop over no matter how much product he put in it. He steps up next to Stevie, Charlie’s longtime partner, and bumps her with his elbow.
Air punches out of his lungs as Castiel doesn’t wait for him to finish before landing the last blow. The force vibrates all the way through him, but his Dom gives him little time to enjoy it, already wrestling the cuffs off and pulling Dean down.
After a few torturous minutes, around the time Dean tries to swallow his cock down further to deepthroat him, Castiel pulls back. Enjoying the whine that follows his sub’s now empty mouth. He steps away, reaching behind Dean to help him up to standing, “Lie face up on the bed, hands above your head please.”
They both rise to head down to the kitchen; Dean knows the way having been there several times before. The space between the tables is wide enough for them to walk side by side, and he can’t help but steal a glance over at Cas while they’re walking. And if their hands brushed during the short trip, he’d be lying if he said he couldn’t help that either.
Castiel loved each of them dearly, but he is very quick to forget the lot of them so long as Dean Winchester is going to keep holding his hand so tightly. Dragging him through the still crowded bar, Dean weaves in and out of the throngs of people, ignoring hails and hellos from those who know him.
“Can’t help it, I like what I see, I’m going to look at it.” And he did want to look, in his underclothes Cas was quite an impressive sight. Muscular thighs, a slim waist, pecs pulling his shirt tight across his chest. Castiel’s blush deepens and Dean wonders if it spreads all over his body too, maybe even when he comes. Shit, he needs to get his mind out of the gutter if he’s going to keep Cas in the room.
Dean shakes his head. How could he leave now? It’s not like Cas asked for any of this! Dean was the one who asked him out. Now he poured his heart and soul out on the table.
It didn’t matter to Dean that they were both men; while he had never taken a lover, Dean had known his whole life he wasn’t interested in soft curves or delicate touches. He had waited for Castiel his entire life and damn the Gods if he was going to wait a moment longer.
“Maybe you transfer out there?” It wasn’t a totally ridiculous idea. People moved across the county for work all the time.
“So, what’s the deal Becks? Your bosses finally decide strip malls are a dying commodity?” He grins defiantly but she doesn’t return his fire.
Giving his daughter another minute to grieve over her own mistakes, Dean assess the situation they're now in. Clearly, Castiel’s text meant Claire had told him what the fight was about. Hopefully his boyfriend meant they needed to talk about how to mend the rift between the girls and not break up with him over it. But even as he reasons with himself that that is the logical explanation, the same anxiety he felt last night swallows him whole.
She looks up at him with murder in her eyes, “Well, for starters you can call your boyfriend and get me my job back!”
They turn a corner and he sees people of all colors, sizes, genders, and pay grades. He sees $1,000 suits, ripped jeans and leather jackets. Cocktail dresses, and track suits. He honestly could not tell who belonged with what company in this menagerie of people. He feels a smile growing on his lips and before he knows it, he’s grinning like a fool. This was going to be fun!
Waving goodbye Dean lets himself out of the apartment and braves the slippery outside stairs to the parking lot. The sky takes longer to lighten this time of year, but the sun is just peeking through the clouds along the horizon. His breath fogs as he scrapes the windshield while the truck warms up.
Arousal coils in his belly at the thought of Dean’s obedience. He was immensely proud of Dean’s restraint this week and Castiel would have praised him further if he hadn't been so preoccupied with all of Claire’s misery. But now would be a perfect time to show his Sub just how pleased he was at his behavior. And if he can stoke the fires of anticipation for tomorrow night, well that was a bonus. Stepping back over to the office door, he flips the lock and settles himself back into his chair.
He makes it the short distance to a restaurant called The Robin. He debates waiting in the car for Dean or going inside. Checking his phone, there’s another text from Dean that’s a few minutes after their initial conversation. He must have missed it when he was speeding to the restaurant.
“Please get off of my sofa, I just had it cleaned.” Dean jokingly scolds, but then he pulls Eileen into a warm hug. Turning around he sees Cas frown briefly before he recovers and smiles wide.
“Oh... wait, why aren’t you pissed?” Dean searches Cas’s face for signs he’s still upset about it. God knows he deserved whatever wrath Castiel wanted to rain down on him.
“Dean mentioned that you talked to him about Michael. I have to assume you told him everything?” Ketch stirs his tea.
Dean slams the trunk and walks back to where his parents are hugging Cas goodbye. It looks like he’s going to be part of the family whether he likes it or not.
That was true, Dean planned to spend half of the game Friday as Buddy, and the other half with Cas and Jack. He hadn't told them yet, but he was going to sneak off during the game and change into his costume, then come back to surprise them. It was going to be a riot!
“I can't wait to fuck you Dean; I want to feel you clench around me. Coming untouched from my cock alone.”
“Do you think she knows what happened last night?” He asks. It’s the first he’s acknowledged how close they got to crossing a line but it’s also the first time all day they’ve been alone.
“Good to meet you, Sam talks a lot about you, I.... I mean your.... company. The company.” He shakes Eileen’s hand a little vigorously. Why is he nervous?
A year? A whole year to break even. It could work, he’s been making double payments when he could. And now with Sam’s promotion he could for sure do that every month. They could get back out from under that crushing pile of interest.
Benny grins, “Then what pray-tell was so damn funny? You’ve been stifling a giggle for the last 20 minutes.”
“But if you think for a minute, I’m going to roll over and take being treated like a child then you and I are going to have a problem. If that’s who I was before, it's not who I am now. And furthermore -”
He walks up to another reception desk, this one helmed by a red headed girl with glasses and a Star Trek tee shirt. She looks up from her screen and gives him a cheery smile.
Cas paces around the apartment above the bar. He’s been thinking about his session all day, he knows he needs to talk to Dean. But their last conversation went so poorly he isn’t sure Dean will want to talk to him at all.
There’s something happening with her sister. She’s strayed too far from the path their parents set her on. It was up to Anna to correct her.
Zachariah was an imposing figure, with sunken eyes, a shining bald head, and gleaming white teeth. He knew his appearance was intimidating and used that to his advantage with both employees and investors.
Basically he felt like shit warmed over. But if he went home now he wouldn’t be doing himself any favors. Better to spend the time now, then regret it later.
The music starts up, Dean immediately looks over to Cas to gauge his reaction. Dean had been vetoed on a lot of things but picking the song for their first dance wasn’t one of them. Once he explained, privately, to Eileen what he had in mind she moved heaven and earth to make it happen without letting Cas know what was up.
“Well it’s great to see you, right Dean?” Charlie’s elbow connects with his rib cage hard enough for him to cry out.
Dean looks up and Cas is staring at this ridiculous display of sibling shenanigans like a man in a foreign country. He looks so confused it hurts Dean’s heart a little. He never really had this did he?
“I was fifteen credits shy of graduating, I only had to finish the semester and I would have been done. And I had been talking to that friend of mine about coming to write for his blog, remember?”
At first it was just sex, and booze of course, maybe a little pot if his partner for the night was offering. And okay, one or two times someone scored some ecstasy but that was just a good time for everyone. But then he met someone who took him down a much darker path, and it took major interference from his brother to make Dean see he wasn’t taking care of himself. He had been hooking up regularly with a guy, named Crowely if you could believe it, and things had gotten out of hand. Drugs and alcohol were main participants in their interludes, but then Crowely started suggesting they add a little bondage to their fun.
It’s here behind the door, shut tight and locked for good measure, that a flannel shirt gets thrown and knocks a lamp over. A tie gets pulled from a collar and slithers to the floor. Belt buckles clink as two sets of pants are shoved off hastily. And two firm bodies collide in a collective sigh of rightness.
He sighs, guess he won’t be seeing that guy again. Turning back to the bar he catches the server’s eye. “Could I get a whiskey please?”
He dances with a tall red head who has a goofy European name, and looks like she walked straight out of a magazine. And later with a British guy named Mick who gets a little handsy on the way back to a table. Dean accepts both their numbers but doesn’t really have any intention of calling them. He was just here for a good time.
He laughs again and squeezes the back of Adam’s neck. “You boys are a good time, you know that? I haven’t laughed this much in years.”
“Please, have a seat. Kate will be your server; she should be out momentarily.” Their knees bump as they both sit down and Castiel suppresses the urge to jump out of his chair. He needed to calm down, right now!
Benny shakes his head, “You’ve got to get home, then go up and see your boy. I can wash a couple damn bowls.”
He takes a few steps closer, even in the harsh light of the parking lot the man is strikingly handsome, dark hair sticking up all over the place and Dean’s fingers itch to run through it. His eyes linger over the man’s face, taking in his generous lips, strong jaw line, and phenomenal eyes. They might be the bluest Dean had ever seen; they pin him to the spot as the man himself cocks a head to one side in confusion.
I hope you enjoyed this quirky little one shot. I loved the idea of Dean talking on the phone day after day not noticing the tall, dark and handsome man who was right under his nose. Maybe next time he'll pay a little more attention to his surroundings!
” Dean shouts and several officers stop what they’re doing. Their sharp cop eyes watching this now volatile interaction.
There’s a ton of cars in the lot alongside the house. Clearly a new addition, as he didn’t think parking lots and guard shacks were in fashion during the turn of the century. They exit the car and follow a small group of people to the entrance. A guide is waiting there to stamp hands and answer questions. Tours, apparently, were free till Memorial Day. Dean assumes most of the money to run this place comes from the colleges affiliated with it.
“Mr. Darcy, Ms. Darcy. My apologies for disturbing you. Your housekeeper let me know you were here, and she said it could be a while. That was quite a race just now.” He smiles but it doesn’t meet his eyes.
It’s the top of the 9th inning and the MudDevils are down by 2 runs. Henderson is on second and there’s two men out. Sam is next up to bat, but it's not looking good. They need to score, or the game is over.
“Right then! So are you two going to go check out the flat now?” Mick claps his hands together, breaking the tension like glass.
“Cas... Why did he call? You’re freaking me out.” Dean’s passing fear on the way to anger in a hurry.
Dean puts a hand on his arm and squeezes it gently. He’s smiling but Cas can recognize the flicker of concern in his eyes. Asking an unspoken question, is everything okay?
Cas settles down for the car ride and closes his eyes. Dean’s family had been wonderful but this was the first bit of quiet he’s had in 4 days.
He wrenches his phone out of his pocket and hands it over. She continues to smile cheekily as she programs the address into the map function. When she’s finished, she holds the phone to her chest a moment.
“Hey, that guy can’t come in if he’s drunk!” He calls from inside the warm and dry car. Dean’s ears prickle in the cold, they won’t make it to the subway without freezing.
His eyes wander down to her belly, their request had humbled him. Even if by some horrible twist of fate, it did happen; he knew he wouldn’t say no. And he’d be sure to do his best for his future niece of nephew.
“Hiya Cas.” He smiles, leans in, and plants a very wet kiss on Castiel’s lips. Stunned, Castiel can’t think. He stands there, blue eyes wide. Dean is kissing you! Kiss him back! No he’s hammered, it’s not right! The kiss is warm and so inviting, but he can feel Dean struggling to stand.
Dean looks up at him through long lashes, smiling brightly, “I can't decide what I want to do first.”
Cas’s teasing is good natured enough, Dean was already loving the fact they could slip seamlessly between flirting and joking. It had been a long time since he felt this relaxed in someone’s company where sex was also on the table. Most of his past kink negotiations had been at the club, where the only word he could think to describe the experience was clinical. But it didn’t mean he wasn’t sick of the paperwork and anxious to move on to something more interesting. This was getting a little ridiculous, in his opinion.
“Okay Dr. Laura, good to hear you’ve had an epiphany or whatever all on your own.” He’s being petty now but he doesn’t care. Cas abandoned him, and this apology is bullshit.
He takes a ragged breath and exits his vehicle. In the dead of the night his boots crunch on the gravel as loud as a gunfire. But he barely hears it over the roar of his heartbeat in his ears. There’s a whisper of wind through the trees and it ruffles his hair, the warm air doing nothing to cool the light film of sweat on his skin. Stepping up to the ornate front door, Dean licks his lips before reaching out to bang the old-fashioned knocker. The sound echoes out into the dark behind him, and he winces at the offending noise.
“Have you ever felt that way about someone?” Sam’s voice is small, he sounds so much younger than his 25 years.
He looks Cas up and down, his appearance just as disheveled as Dean’s. His shirt sleeves are pushed up around his elbows, the hem untucked, he’s in a pair of jeans Dean has never seen him wear and his feet are clad in socks with little fish on them.
The light that blooms over Dean’s face rivals that of every sunrise Castiel had ever seen. It warms him from the inside out, just knowing his words had that kind of effect on the other man. Yes, he was truly going to enjoy whatever happened between them going forward.
“This is wildly inaccurate Dean.” Castiel snarks in the direction of the doctor on screen as he uses a golf cart battery as an AED on an unconscious patient.
Lydia swallows audibly and through the phone he can hear the clink of a glass on a table, “I have to go to Pheonix in two weeks.”
“I do too, do you mind if I go first?” His eyes plead a little with Dean and he closes his mouth mid-sentence. Fine, let the bastard dig himself a hole. Dean was going to bury him in it.
“Well isn’t that a good thing? You’ll get to spend more time together. Just be sure to lock the supply closet.” He tries to get Sam to smile but it’s not working.
“She’s in Philly this weekend, Kevin’s looking at colleges there.” Dean purses his lips, as if deep in thought.
Shaking his head, Castiel smiles, “Dean I'm fine. Do you mind if we take a minute first, we could just sit and talk?”
The coffee smell is getting stronger and its mixing with other familiar scents that can only mean a full southern breakfast. Grinning into his fist he picks his flannel up off the ground and pulls it around him like a robe. What did he do to get so lucky?
“Gross Dean,” Lydia blanches, “And no I don’t need a cat sitter. I need you to take Emma while I'm gone.”
“Cassie, just relax!” Gabe brushes away his younger brother’s questions with the wave of a hand, “It’s going to be fun.”
He shakes his head, sending water droplets all over the frosted glass. He couldn’t seem to switch his brain off, ever.
Dean’s blood hums in anticipation; two more weeks. Two weeks till they had a double header in Sioux Falls. Dean had already volunteered to go. He was going to drive up the night before and spend every possible moment with Cas.
He takes a calming breath, trying to steady himself. It was going to be fine, there was no reason to think otherwise.
Cas tilts his head to the side, which has now evolved into his ‘I’m trying to see if I remember that’ face. He takes a sip of his soda, “Where is Benny’s?”
Gabe pokes a finger in his chest, “You didn’t hold him back at all! I distinctly remember you shouting, “defend my honor Castiel!” and offering to hold his coat!”
There's silence on the other end of the line, and he briefly pulls the phone back to see if he lost her.
“Sorry Lyd, yeah she can stay. I’d love to have her here.” He can't but help how soft his voice gets at the end. It was no secret he was a big ol’ softie where Em was concerned. A fact Lydia tried to exploit at one opportunity or another.
At that thought he’s swamped with guilt. He’s been here having a not so sexy sleepover, while Sam’s been stuck at the hospital for who knows how long. He needed to get back there, but the one thing he doesn’t find is a pair of pants. Hopefully they weren't too far away.
As he rubs down his biceps, he places kiss after kiss along Dean’s shoulders and neck, inhaling the musky aroma of the massage oil and Dean’s sweat, it was heady. As he deepens the kiss just below Dean’s ear, he flicks out his tongue. Knowing Dean tastes just as good as he smells. He adds the tease of teeth behind that kiss, grazing them over Dean’s spine.
Showing her the email, he points to the line in question. “No, he’s THE Angel. As in The Sioux Falls Angels.”
Castiel can feel his cheeks warming as he smiles wider. It may have been the alcohol (though this was only his second beer) or the mob like energy of the theater because the jokes themselves weren't too scandalous. It was definitely his delivery, Dean continues to strut from one end of stage to the other, flirting shamelessly with anyone he could make eye contact with.
“As your friend, Ms. Bingley I say... he’s built like a lumberjack and has the mannerisms of a golden retriever. You are smitten.” His voice softens a little and Dean can see him run a hand affectionately down her arm. Huh, guess he’s not a total asshole.
Wait was Cas telling him he went on a date the night before he was going to get married? Like he cheated? That’s the story? Dean opens his mouth in protest.
Oh good he’s getting ruffled now, time to push him a little further. Test the limits of his control.
Even last night his mind was on briefings that needed adjustment, he had been distracted and bumped into Dean without thinking.
I hope you enjoyed this week's update. This is my first foray into BDSM writing, so if you feel like I've handled any of the language/actions incorrectly please let me know.
Dean’s directly behind him so he can’t really reach but the driver can, and his hand flies out to grab Adam by the arm.
Dean is stumped, whoever Castiel was Dean had never met a person more obtuse. Too bad, the man was hot enough to put all Dean’s glands into overdrive. And that hadn’t happened in quite some time.
“Hey Aaron, I’m sorry but I gotta bail.” He frowns a little. Aaron is cute, funny, and his favorite book was Player Piano. Dean knows he’s losing out on a potentially good thing by running off like this. But if he probably won’t get another opportunity to see Eileen ever again.
He shakes his head, but deep down he knows. He’s been sensing something wrong with Adam for months. Ever since the trouble with Becky started, ever since they got connected with Alastair Whickham.
Shutting the door gently, for Cas’s benefit as much as Baby’s, he jogs back to the driver seat and climbs in. Sparing a quick glance over, Cas is admiring the interior of the car and running his hands appreciatively over the leather seats. Dean shivers, and swears he feels the phantom touch on his own thigh.
“Oh God... Dean!” She throws her head back in ecstasy. Her voice breaks the spell he’d been under and the reality of what they're doing is an anvil on his chest. Crushing him under its weight.
Claire interrupts again from somewhere in the loft, “He’s sorry, you’re sorry! Will you all get inside and shut the damn door?”
“I need those briefs Gabe; it's been a month.” Castiel’s gruff voice dissolves any thoughts of boredom Dean had felt. Every nerve ending in his body cries out at once.
He huffs out a breath, “That’s a lot to think about, is it okay if I don’t get back to you right away?”
Her eyes fill a little as she takes Claire’s hands in her own. They had grown close over the last few years, Ellen stepping into her mothering role with Claire just as easily as she had done with Castiel. Both her and Bobby frequently visited Pemberly when Claire was home from Sarah Lawrence.
Taking a second to center himself, Dean closes his eyes and just feels. The soft touch of Castiel’s hand on his jaw, the lumpy pillow shoved under his knees, the chilly tile leeching into his fabric of his jeans, the hummingbird flutter of his heart. He takes it all in, and then opens his eyes once more.
Turning to face Dean straight on, his movements feel shaky and slow, “I don’t understand, Dean what just happened?”
The crowd applauds and hollers as he takes a sip of the water on a stool next to the microphone stand. Turning back to them he looks out over the audience, “So does anyone know what the difference is between hungry and horny?”
Cas nods appreciatively over the food or the comment, Dean’s not sure which. “She seems nice, she certainly knows how to handle you. Did you two, um... were you ever a couple?”
“Well as you know, my shop is right there, and you frequently eat here on this very bench. I overheard you on the phone one day talking with your brother, Sam. And the rest just sort of came with time.”
He shakes his head to try and clear the cobwebs further. As Castiel was walking up to them all Dean could think about was how he wanted to demand an apology on Alastair’s behalf.
“I could not fix on the hour, or the spot, or the look, or the words, which laid the foundation of my love for you. It was too long ago, and I confess I was in the middle of it before I knew that I had begun.”
“Not him, Adam. You know as well as I do that Adam behaved most inappropriately that night at the launch party. If the authorities had been called, he would have been arrested and Netherfield could have been held liable. They could have lost investors if the press could have gotten wind of it.”
Cas groans and stretches, his body aching with fatigue. He needs a shower, a gallon of coffee, and possibly 18 more hours of sleep.
Thursday, and he had agreed weeks ago to lunch with the two of them. He wipes a hand over his face, that was just perfect.
He wasn’t either, the need to stay so strong it felt like his heart might burst with it. But they couldn’t do this, no matter how badly they wanted to. It would be a different kind of suicide, and Castiel knew that if he only had the right tool, he could pick the lock and shove Dean through the open door to their freedom. Closing them off to this world of love and possibility forever.
He and Charlie were setting up the last keg in her apartment when Cas came in with Meg. They were laughing about something and when Dean turned around he was dumb struck by how amazing Cas looked in a suit. It fit him like a glove. Dark navy with a striped blue tie. The tie was crooked but that added to the look; disheveled with a hint of sexy. That was until you saw the halo. And that flasher coat; Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t want to kick everyone out and have a little private party for two.
Walking naked over to the stereo he selects an old tape and pushes play. The same melody pours out of the speakers and he saunters over to the dresser.
Dean has seen enough movies and tv shows to know what’s going to happen next; Cas is going to turn around, step closer, invade Dean’s personal space. Push him up against the wall and envelope him in a rough embrace. Kiss him passionately right here in the elevator.
“My pride? Fuck you Cas!” Dean squares up, he’s going to punch this uppity bastard right in the teeth.
Dean stalls at this, he and Cas both had full time jobs. He knew they could farm out safety to a consultant, but Dean was head foreman, second only to Chuck the construction manager. They still had weeks to go on the Eden job and they were already behind. He couldn’t take much more time off to play nursemaid to Cas. No matter how bad he wanted to.
“Did you just make a joke?” Dean is floored. “You never make jokes! Not on purpose!” And he laughs out loud.
Gabe pulls out his phone with his free hand, eyes bugging out at the display. “You called me four times! Do you need a lawyer that badly?”
He leans his head against the cool glass and his breath fogs it up. He doesn’t know why he keeps coming in this room. It no longer felt like Cas lived here. It felt more like his ghost was following Dean, haunting the space.
He steps out into the hall and can hear Cas’s voice. It’s muffled, and from the pace he’s on a phone call. He tiptoes toward the end of the hall, not wanting to disturb Cas or draw attention to himself. Cas is standing by the table, he’s still in his shorts and t-shirt, with his back to him. Dean takes the opportunity to admire Castiel’s back side. And makes a mental note he should really invest in some better underwear for himself.
“Hey, woah slow down. I was just coming to find you. There’s an after party at this hotel. Eileen wanted to know if we were interested.”
Dean wails as Castiel pumps his fist in tandem with the toy, “I’m sorry! Please, oh please sir don’t stop.”
“I mean that first day Adam was admitted. You were gone for hours; then I get a message from some random nurse that you’ll be back. And when you did come, it was like... I don’t know what it was like. I’ve never seen you that upset before.”
The smirk turns into a full-fledged smile. He gets slowly to his feet; his legs wobble a little from being seated on the narrow bench.
He turns to go, each step to the door feels like a hundred miles. Maybe he’d have to dig that number out after all. It was stupid, he was being stupid. He should have just called first. There was no reason behind his need to surprise Castiel with a visit. He could have handled this a lot better. He needed to go home, get some sleep. Maybe a clearer head tomorrow would help him decide what to do.
Dean falters at this, but he guessed that made sense. And they were still getting to know each other.
The water runs hot and Dean is practically whimpering by the time he gets under the spray. As he washes the grime and makeup off he tries to dig into his memory. Find some trail to lead him to what possessed him to kiss Cas.
Dean winces, hoping to avoid a scolding he walks over and plants a kiss on her cheek, “Sorry sweetheart, did I mention you look beautiful today?”
“Sorry, guess I’m a little out of sorts too. We’re all feeling a bit of Ms.Darcy’s sadness. It’s been a year, today, since her friend... passed. They held a memorial at the school on Friday, and she’s been a wreck ever since.”
Dean preens a little under the praise, he knew part of it was just the power of a classic car, but she wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for his hard work. “Thanks, she doesn’t get out much this time of year, I just didn’t think it would be good for you to climb up in my truck.”
A boy, a baby brother. Someone Dean can teach games to and go exploring in the woods. A best friend, a partner in crime, someone he can confide his deepest fears and dreams in. Someone who can love him just for being and not with expectation.
She pulls him into a tight hug and whispers. “I’m so glad you’re here. Good luck with your plan, let me know if you need me to distract him.”
She smiles at Charlie who’s been grinning from ear to ear the entire time. Glancing around their large group, Dean sees no one has volunteered or so much as looked up from their cups. They all start mumbling to each other, goading the other person to go first. It’s like first day of school all over again.
“I am a man,” he says plainly, still looking down at the blankets, “but not in the way you or your brother are. I’m a familiar; Rowena found me as a boy, cursed and cast out by my family, she took me in and saved me from certain death.”
“He wasn’t like this last year,” she says quietly, watching Dean crouch along the ground to study his shot, “when my mom finally told me who he was, and I got to meet him. He was good with me, don’t get me wrong, but when I'd see him with other adults like Sam or Ana the woman who makes the baked goods for the shop...” She trails off and Castiel looks away from Dean’s PGA level of concentration to see tears shining in her eyes, “He wasn’t happy, not really. I think he was lonely, and my being there helped for a little while. But now, when I see him like this with you, I know what my dad really looks like when he’s happy. You make him happy Castiel, so I just wanted to say thanks.”
Her face was such a startling combination of him and Lydia, it still took his breath away sometimes. He only learned a year ago he had a daughter, when she showed up at Hunting Grounds and barged her way into his heart. He and her mom had been a one-time thing, and Lydia had neglected to tell either of them about each other. Dean didn’t hold it against her, at 22 he had been a punk kid and definitely not cut out to be a father. Emma however was (and sometimes still is) pissed at her mom. At 16, she splits her time between the coffee shop and her mom’s house. Their custody situation could only be called casual, and Emma’s getting old enough to decide where she wants to spend her time.
“No, when he asked me again today if I was still coming his face looked so hopeful I didn’t have the heart to tell him no.” Cas sighs.
He closes his eyes, his brain supplying a dozen memories in succession. Stolen kisses in a car, a pair of green eyes twinkling at him over a table in a restaurant, making love for the first time, Dean down on one knee in the sand with a small box in his hands, running hand in hand down the isle of a church.
At the sight of Castiel’s smirking face, the memory of their late-night texts come flooding back and Dean feels like he’s been pulled out with the tide. Caught in a rip-current of uncertainty over what Cas wanted to talk about. Whatever it was, he sure as hell didn’t want to talk about it last night. Dean cringes at the desperation of his text messages, but Castiel had to know that you can't just tell someone ‘We need to talk’ and then freaking disappear!
“It’s been over for 15 minutes Dean! You’ve been too busy mooning at your phone with that goofy smile on your face!” Charlie shouts, pointing at his phone which buzzes again in his hand.
Dean is totally confused by this sudden change in attitude from Anna. She’s barely said a dozen words to him and half of them were vaguely threatening. What does she want from him?
Of course, of course he’d want something to balance the scales. Anything to chase away the pain he probably felt over his sudden loss of family. Dean taps his fingers thoughtfully, suddenly realizing they are still very much holding hands. He moves to pull away, but Cas stills him with his bad hand. The IV cord poking through the top of his pale skin. It should have been awkward, holding hands with Cas, but it felt good. A bit like coming home after a long day, the familiarity of something comfortable. Like an old sweater... or a robe...
He doesn’t make it up the hospital Tuesday night, but on Wednesday Cas has retrieved his cell phone out of his bag of belonging and got it charged up. That night they exchange texts; falling into an awkward rhythm of conversation as Dean eats a bowl of cereal and watches Dr. Sexy reruns on the couch.
“Yeah, well Tommy Hasselback told me you were probably an evil witch. All step mothers are witches right?” Dean is standing in the doorway watching them. His eyes are shining but he’s smiling.
Over the course of a few months, bondage turned into spanking, which then turned into paddling, and before Dean knew what hit him (literally) Crowley brought out a flogger and lit Dean up like the artificial Christmas tree in the front corner of his apartment. Coincidentally Sam had come home early for winter break his sophomore year and found his older brother passed out and tied to his own bedframe in what turned out to be the world’s worst morning after.
“Oh, I still stay here a few days a week, more so in the off season, I just can't bear to leave it empty.” Claire sighs.
“Hello Dean.” Cas stands still as a statue. He has a glow around his head from the porch light and it casts a shadow over his eyes. It’s snowing softly, little flecks land in his hair and on his trench coat.
He wasn’t, he didn’t feel good at all. He felt like a brat for how he acted, Cas was being so accommodating and Dean was treating this whole arrangement like a casual hook up. This is why we can’t have nice things! This is why no one ever sticks around with you.
“Come on Cas, let’s get out of the cold!” He hollers over his shoulder, heart aching for his friend. Let me take care of you. I will never hurt you like that, I will only show you love, if you only let me.
Cas turns and his blue eyes pin Dean to the spot. He’s furious; shit. Okay, what did Charlie say? Grovel, grovel like your life depends on it. He walks over and kneels in front of Cas. Might as well go all in.
“Daddy! You’re back!” Jack hollers as he comes running up behind him. Anna hurrying just behind him.
Dean shivers at the implication, “I’d like to take you out to dinner Cas. Maybe let you in on some aspects of my life you wouldn’t overhear on a phone call. And maybe get to know you a little better too.”
A tidal wave of anger washes over him, red clouds his vision, and all he can see is Adam’s broken body lying in that hospital bed. His fists clench at his sides, nails cut into his palms. His heart pounds to the beat of a war drum in his head.
Dean is bored out of his goddamn mind. The quarterly budget meeting had been dragging on for 30 minutes past the schedule end time and it was showing no signs of wrapping up. He swivels in his chair at the conference table, unable to contain his restless energy.
Behind him the door creaks open and the tiptoe of bare feet on hardwood has him stilling in his chair. In a move he could not have predicted with infinite psychic knowledge, Claire silently climbs into his lap just as she had done as a little girl. She smelled like the citrus shampoo he kept in their shared bathroom, and peppermint tea. Her almost adult frame a bit too large to fit in the chair with him, so he shifts trying to keep them comfortable without pushing her away.
The hands move further down his back, and he exhales a ragged sigh of relief. It's not that he was ashamed of his scars, they were visibly minimal, but the thought of being... less. Less than he was before, sometimes it just caught up with him.
“The last time we were together I had a task for you,” Castiel’s gravelly voice reigns down from well above Dean’s head. There's a brush of fabric along the back of Dean’s calves as Castiel takes position directly behind him. The duffle bag from earlier thumps down on the floor next to the stuffed chair, sounding heavy enough on the rug that Dean’s almost positive there’s more than a change of clothes hiding inside it, “Can you tell me what it was?”
“Sounds interesting, what do you think Bobby?” Dean turns to where his uncle is sipping his sweet tea in silence.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Castiel’s voice rumbles low in his ear. His lips brushing softly along the delicate skin there, “because as much as Tony might appreciate the show, what I want to do to you requires a bit of privacy.”
“Wow, I know you said that Darcy guy was just some grumpy rich dude, but he sounds like a really bad guy!” Adam breaks the silence with another oblivious comment. Dean was getting kind of tired of constantly telling his youngest brother to shut the hell up.
An hour! An entire hour of words like rimming, and nipple clamps, and flogging. All with the casualness and practicality of a man discussing his vegetable garden or the weather. Meanwhile, Dean was burning up from the inside out; it was the best and worst torture he’d experienced, possibly ever.
Dean peeks back at Castiel but the other man has engaged with another guest in some rapid-fire questions. He walks back through the group, a few people slapping him on the back as he passes. Making his way the patio doors he still feels a tingle on his shoulder where Castiel’s hand held on to him a moment ago. He shudders and pushes open the door to get some fresh air. The phantom handprint searing into his skin.
Charlie’s eyes dance, “Oh you were definitely giggling, if it wasn’t so damn adorable, I'd punch you.”
He throws back his head in laughter at the memory of Bobby chasing a live turkey around their property in Brighton. He got it in his head he was going to cook a real thanksgiving dinner. Luckily Aunt Ellen had a chicken prepared as back up.
Ducking his head, Dean squirms in his chair, there was no way getting around it, “It’s not that, I’m not embarrassed or anything about my kinks.”
“He didn’t know his own name, or what day it was, he didn’t know me,” his hands fumble the peeler, and he scrapes his knuckles, “shit!”
The same could almost be said for Castiel’s friends; Dean met his agent Gabe, a funny little man with a loud laugh and insatiable sweet tooth. He took the three of them out for drinks and proceeded to grill Dean to medium well all while keeping a constant supply of Blow Pops coming from somewhere on his person. It was obvious he was very protective of Cas, and Dean did his best to assure Gabe he wasn’t there for whatever scraps of fame the author had accumulated. Castiel’s niece, Claire, was a bit of a different story. He had seen the back of her head storming in and out of rooms more than he had spoken with her, the dozen or so times they spent time in Cas’s tiny loft. But despite Claire's desire to be antisocial, Castiel managed to get her to join them for a meal... once.
His phone’s been upstairs on the charger all night, so he heads up still thinking about all the things Cas told him.
She grabs a grey wool coat off the rack beside her desk, popping her gum again she opens a drawer and pulls out a leopard print bag. Coat and bag in hand she turns back to the office door and bangs on it loud enough for all three of them to jump.
He wasn’t, he had no other options. Alastair hasn’t even made headway with the bank, and without the extension she’s offering they’ll never be able to pay back the interest they owe.
Adam had been left to his own devices for several hours, and in his experience, Dean knew that could only lead to trouble.
“Come on, come on! Where are they?” Dean whispers to himself, his voice keening louder on the last word, “Fuck!”
Seeing as the call he made, and their collective birthday, was over two weeks ago Castiel ignores both statements in favor of something more relevant to his twin.
“Now, as a matter of fact, I do have plans tomorrow night. Netherfield invited all the senior team leads to a mixer deal at some new club in Brooklyn. It’s called The Heart; hasn’t officially opened yet but the internet buzz is pretty positive from what I’ve read.” Sam tries his best to sound casual, but Dean can see right through that. Sam is practically vibrating with excitement.
“I told you, you could have stayed at the apartment with Anna.” He calmly reminds him. Jack had insisted on coming with Castiel to work today. Still not quite understanding that even though his Dad worked for his quote “favoritist team ever!”, the Sioux Falls Angels; Castiel was an accountant. And rarely near any action acceptable to avid baseball fans like Jack.
“I'm sorry, I don’t know what’s come over me.” she sighs, wiping at the fresh tears with her napkin.
His own tears catch in his throat; it had barely been a year, but Castiel knew Dean was the man he wanted to spend the rest of his life with. And every day he fell more in love with him; his selfless heart, his infectious laughter, his captivating eyes. Dean was better and sweeter than any dream Castiel could have ever imagined for himself. Something in him woke up, from the moment he walked into that coffee shop and found Dean. And he knew he never wanted it to go back to sleep again.
In the bedroom he strips off his suit, stuffing it in a dry cleaning bag. Shoes going to the closet in their assigned slot. Clad in a pair of black boxer briefs he flops right into bed and immediately drops off to sleep.
“You smell like meat and tomatoes, you’re showering.” She counters. And he discreetly sniffs his shirt. Okay he did smell like chili but who cares? It’s not like he was trying to impress anyone.
He swallows the lump in his throat, “Isn’t the restaurant closing soon?” Most of the patrons had already left, there were only a few lingering at the bar.
“Dean don’t worry about it. He had a look in his eyes and was only going to cause trouble if he stayed.”
“I’m only asking you to explain the nature of your very serious relationship. Where you only talk about work, his brothers, and dogs.”
“Look Alfie, can we talk later? Kinda busy here!” Buddy raises his hands in the air to the beat of the music playing and the crowd is on its feet in seconds. If Castiel wasn’t so shocked by his behavior he’d almost be impressed by how well the fans responded to him.
Castiel is in his funeral suit, he wears it with a trench coat open over top. Still feeling silly about his purchase he holds onto the last part of his costume. Hiding it in his hands.
Castiel rolls his eyes at the comment but continues unfazed, “I was born in Russia but immigrated as a young man. But I can speak it fluently.”
With that thought in mind, Dean shakes his head ever so slightly in a “hell no” sort of way, and Cas scowls at him. Then, not to be denied, the little shit pats the bed again hard enough to have the threadbare blanket flapping around his heels. He wasn’t going to take no for an answer, and Dean sends up a silent prayer for absolution over the filthy thoughts he’s going to have later.
“When my father left, Michael took care us. He was 16 and thought he could handle it. We did that for 2 years. Then one of my teachers realized we had no adult supervision so, even though Michael was 18, they we’re going to call social services. Gabriel and I would have been split up and Michael out on his own.”
Dean stops in his tracks; Cas’s has got that commanding tone again that makes him want to just drop to his knees in supplication. He walks over to the bench and sits down in a huff.
He pulls a pair of dark jeans out of the drawer and pulls them on. A little tighter than he remembers, but he only has to wiggle a little to adjust himself comfortably. He glares again at the pile and out of spite selects a black v-neck tee shirt from another drawer. He’s not going there to impress anyone. No reason to get that fancy.
Cas starts trailing kisses up Dean’s waist and stomach, Dean twitching with the overload of sensations. Cas feels himself getting hard, his dick all too eager to start again. He ignores whoever Dean is talking to on the phone and continues teasing Dean’s sensitive skin with his tongue.
Shit... The thought takes root in his mind in an instant. As soon as he thinks it, he burns with shame.
Dean lets out his own shout and picks Sam up off the floor. A few inches anyway. Oh shit, he’s heavy!
Grinning like an idiot, Dean scoots around so they’re nestled front to back. Cas’s arm comes around the front of him and he tucks his head under Cas’s chin. His butt parked right up against Cas’s crotch. This was the most wonderful / terrible idea Dean has ever had. More awake than ever, Dean thinks he can feel every sensation in the room. Cas’s warm breath on the back of his neck, the rise and fall of his chest behind Dean, his strong arms wrapped around him. Definitely not his cock, desperate to join the party, aching between his legs.
Taking a minute to compose himself, he sees Castiel is still in what Dean thinks of as his lawyer uniform. Today it’s a pinstripe black and grey suit, with a solid black shirt. His grey tie is crooked again and Dean’s fingers itch to straighten it. Rising he wipes the sweat from his palms on his jeans.
“At first, yeah, my pride was kind of hurt. But that’s the thing about Cas, the money isn't what’s important. It’s how he shows he cares.”
“I’m still not sure we got the whole story. But you won’t let me ask Eileen about it so I can’t verify that.”
“Oh you were being stupid, but I think you should just apologize for now. He might not think you’re sincere so soon after the fact.” She cracks an egg one handed in another pan and puts the bacon on a paper towel to dry. Sipping her drink she nods to him to take his.
Castiel swears Dean asked if he wanted to ride him and he’s nodding before the real question registers.
Emma has stopped shaking for the moment, but her eyes are still spilling over with tears. Pulling her close, Dean presses a kiss to her forehead, “Emma whatever the fight was about, Cas will get Claire to apologize. She’s had a rough go of things lately but I’m sure she didn’t mean for it to go this far.”
“Dean... one, that kind of soap opera nonsense isn’t going to happen. And two, you need to relax. She can’t make us do anything we don’t want to do.”
“I may be abstaining from a relationship but that doesn’t mean I don’t know what I’m talking about.” She complies their sandwiches and hands him his plate. He hands her the shot glass and they clink them together.
Dean fights the urge to grit his teeth; his aunt was a sneak! She knew exactly why he was out here or at least who he was running away from.
Dean flashes her what Castiel thinks is his most endearing smile, mainly reserved for the times Dean knows he’s done something stupid, “Sorry about that sweetheart. Guess we lost track of time.”
As the kitchen fills with the sounds of food cooking and the three of them chatting, love blooms in his heart, he was a total goner.
Pushing up and holding Dean by the wrists, Castiel finds one last burst of energy and rides him wildly. His cock felt like it was going to explode; and with Dean writhing underneath him it only took a handful of thrusts before he was coming. Hot ropes streaking all over Dean’s stomach and chest, splashing between their bodies in a seemingly endless stream.
“I’m saying that I’m waiting for that big, all consuming, life altering love. And if I’m ever settling down it will be for keeps. Or if that never happens I’ll be a lonely, old man, like Dad.”
“Don’t tease,” she laughs, and Dean knows he’s in the clear, “get some rest, will you call me later?”
“Are we locked down?” They had protocol, missing kid, no one left the park. Something they had both agreed on when they first started working together.
Dean’s eyes widen comically, “Oh shit, you’re John Keating!” He crows excitedly and fumbles Castiel’s credit card on the bar.
Their limbs intertwined, bodies pressing against each other in the dark. Hands touching, pulling, grasping. Mouths teasing, biting, savoring.
“But of course Mr. Bennet.” She loops her arm through his and the ache she feels in her chest loosens just a little.
“He’s family?” Deans voice is barely controlled rage and Cas knows if he doesn’t stop him now, Dean may actually commit murder.
Garth may have developed a little crush on Dean over the last few years, and while he was a sweet guy, he wasn’t really Dean’s type. Plus, Dean did not mix business and pleasure. He had learned that the hard way a long time ago.
It’s almost noon by the time he huffs the 6 blocks from the station to Netherfield. He he strolls into the lobby and up to the reception desk.
The drive through the city is quiet, broken only by an occasional groan from Adam. Every time it happens Dean can see the driver’s hands tighten on the wheel.
Emma looks up at the two men, her bare face still a mask of unshed tears and blotchy skin. “I need to speak to Claire, if she’s awake.”
Ellen heads back into the kitchen as Dean goes into the living room to greet his Uncle. There’s no warm welcome here, no hugs, or soft words. Dean plops down on the couch next to Bobby and the old man grunts.
He can’t help it really, he just loves to dance. Hell he even secretly loved the ballroom class his mom put him in during 6th grade. Not that he’d ever admitted it at the time.
“So, I know this Friday is a little last minute but if you wanted, I could pick lunch up for us and you could come by my office.”
Abandoning the search, he backtracks to Castiel’s room to grab a few things for the hospital. On the back of the door hangs a blue robe, he folds it up and tucks it in the big reusable bag Cas insisted they keep around for grocery shopping. There’s a book on the nightstand that he knows he’s seen Cas reading in the last few days. He puts that in the bag and stares around the room trying to think of what else he should bring.
Speak of the devil, here she is now with their drink order and a small plate of bacon wrapped dates with goat cheese.
Embarrassment burns at his ears; his father was known for his rough voice and harsher disposition. Surely if he thanked Rowena for her services, it was no more than a grunt or a curse. Rowena shrugs off his worries as she pets at Castiel, an odd name for a bird if he ever heard one and strokes his fine feathers. Knocking loose a longer primary one, it shimmers in the light as it touches down on the wall. Dean fingers itch to reach out and take it, to have something that beautiful for his very own.
Castiel looks over, Hendriksen is just as livid as he is. He probably even had the same urge to smash every piece of crockery on the table.
“No, Alfie is no longer with the organization. I haven’t um, had the pleasure, of meeting his replacement.” Cas looks past Dean’s shoulder. Almost eager to avoid eye contact and change the subject.
Dean sees her stifle another laugh. If he’s Eileen’s attorney he must work for that fancy law firm Sam mentioned.
Forgetting the clothes, yes please let’s lose the clothes, Castiel himself is custom tailored to Dean’s specifications. Dark brown hair, styled to look like the man didn’t give a damn about it. 5 o’clock shadow covers a strong jaw, complete with generous lips Dean just wants to sink his teeth into.
The number lights up and she doesn’t press another. Okay, guess they were both heading to the ICU. It's a quick ride and the doors open almost as quickly as they shut. He gestures for her to go first and then follows rapidly behind her, not wanting the traitorous elevator to close in his face with his hands full.
He’s hot and tight around Dean as he inches further inside him. Curling within him Cas moans and Dean feels him start to stroke his cock again.
“Yeah sorry, guess I’ve had a little too much to drink.” But he hasn’t though. Three beers and a double whiskey is nothing over the course of several hours. He feels sober, or at most mildly tipsy.
“Yeah, yeah. It’s cool.” He reaches a hand in his pocket and pulls out a little bag. Inside are two white pills no bigger than an aspirin.
Sick? Why would he call for that? Dean doesn’t understand. But something in the back of his mind starts buzzing. And Cas’s voice gets farther and farther away.
“You staying for dinner tonight?” He asks, changing the subject away from the troubles with her classmate. “I’m making that pasta dish you like.”
Sam stares at Dean, “Okay... anyway Eileen and I are going to head back to the dance floor. You good? You’re not ready to go yet right?”
“Alright, well that was awful. Let’s never do it again.” Buddy calls and Castiel feels a smile tugging at his lips. Maybe Buddy wasn’t so bad after all.
Belt buckle, pants, and boxers all removed in fluid motion. Dean smiles down at Cas, naked in the glow of the moonlight. Cas looks beautiful, his eyes dark, pupils blown wide; Dean feels his heart clench and he knows he’s never felt like this about anyone. God he was a romantic sap.
“Oh, I want the long version, but I don’t think I can fully appreciate it with Kate’s constant hovering.”
Dean sits up with such force, Castiel damn near slumps to the side, “Oh baby I love you, that’s perfect! I know just what we're going to do!”
Now out of the spotlight his features seem even softer, his smile more genuine, his movements less brash. It was an act after all, he didn’t expect Dean to behave that way all the time, but something about the way he delivered a few of the jokes has Castiel second guessing everything.
They’re about four innings into the game before Castiel realizes Dean is up to something. Even in their short time together he knows Dean is a genuinely happy person, he smiles constantly, he cracks jokes, he doles out praise and compliments. But today he’s positively beaming. He keeps stealing glances over at Castiel and Jack periodically through his sunglasses, checking his watch and then smiling like he has a secret he’s dying to share.
Castiel nods, unable to produce words, let alone a single syllable like yes or no. Dean is infuriatingly more handsome up close in person. His features almost perfectly symmetrical, chiseled jaw coated with stubble that Castiel would love to have rubbing all over his thighs. His cheeks are dotted with freckles giving his rugged male persona a certain boyish charm. Not that he looked like a twink, Dean’s whole look screamed red-blooded American man. Flannel shirt snug over his biceps like he walked right out of a Brawny ad. Castiel felt his insides light up like a Christmas tree.
“Well, I guess you don’t know much about me, do you?” Offering up a perfect smile in Cas’s direction.
He pulls Dean back into his arms, pressing a kiss to his temple. They stand that way for a long time. Just holding each other. Dean can feel Cas’s heartbeat through his shirt, the rhythm syncing up with his own. Chest to chest, hip to hip, their arms encased around on another.
He bears down on the fear and bites it back. It wasn’t going to control him, and it certainly wasn’t going to end his near eight-year sobriety. He worked too damn hard to throw it all away now.
Dean backs up a little and starts to unbuckle his belt, Cas’s eyes follow the movement like a moth to a flame.
The pinging of his phone pushes thoughts about their plans for the upcoming weekend aside, it was time to get up. If he got started now, he might have time to fix his niece breakfast before school. Rolling over to grab his phone he’s surprised to already see a message from Dean received well before sunrise.
“We’re all going to need to pick up the slack Novak. You’re a team player, right?” His tone shifts far away from friendly.
“Oh, hello...” he trails off, Dean randomly remembers Cas didn’t get his name yesterday and it doesn’t hurt. It doesn’t.
Dean lets them both go in order to reach into the night stand. In the dark he feels around and his fingers close on the small bottle. He hesitates briefly before handing it to Castiel.
The warning Dean felt moments ago, now a dull roar through his ears. Silently he scoots out of the booth and stands before his would be Dom. Head already bending down, his eyes trained to the floor, mentally kicking his own ass for his attitude.
At the second sir, Castiel can barely hold back the roar of possessiveness that wants to escape his chest. Dean was by no means his to claim but just hearing him speak to Cain without reservation was enough to have him wanting to hang up the phone and mark Dean as his own.
It’s the alarm... God it can't already be 7:00 can it? He groans and looks over at the clock. “Fuck me...” he groans again and slams a fist down on the clock. Struggling to sit up right, Dean’s stomach fights again the swift change in altitude.
I hope you enjoy this week's installment, there is a lot of text speech in this chapter and it's all plot related.
“No, but you did say you knew about his reputation when you started seeing him, and how he had left a relationship to pursue one with you.” He continues to toss Cas’s own words back at him.
Pleasure coarses through his veins as he adds a third, fucking down on his hand with abandon. Kneeling between Dean’s spread legs, Castiel arches his spine to give his sub a near perfect view of his hole. He smiles wickedly as Dean bites down hard on his own lip, clearly struggling not to make a sound. Having worked himself open enough, Castiel turns back and straddles Dean’s hips. Using his own lubed up hand, he strokes Dean a few times before lifting up and slowly sinking down on the other man’s cock.
Dean backs up to let him pass, hands shoved aggressively into his pockets. His head hung low, as if Castiel disappointed him by rejecting his offering for friendship again. He'd do well to remember that Dean’s love for him only falls under those two categories. Whatever they felt or expressed in the Djinn world wasn’t real. Dean was merely playing a role; there’s no possible way it could be anything more than that. He needed to put it out of his mind, for good. If Dean only wanted him as a friend he’d have to grin and bear it like he had for years. His own happiness be dammed.
Castiel frowns at the barista’s outburst, “I’ll buy a coffee, I wasn’t intending to loiter if that’s the issue.”
Cas was clean roommate; always put his dishes away and took the bulk of chores since Dean cooked and shopped. He rarely went anywhere without a book in his hand (including the dinner table and the bathroom). He also drank more black coffee than Dean had ever seen a human drink.
“Tonight is game night right? Mick told me both Charlie and Meg came by the bar.” He smiles softly at that, and Dean feels his heart turn to ice. He should have gone there. Should have tried to bring him home sooner.
“Everyone, this is my older brother Gabriel. Gabe, this is Dean; his mother & father, and siblings. Our friends Charlie and Meg.” Cas points to all and someone clears their throat off to the side.
Dean struggles out another breath, “Take your dick, and stroke it, nice and slow. Let me hear you baby.”
It's from Castiel. He was here; Dean scans the letter from the hall. Reading and walking he goes back to the couch and sits back down.
Castiel notices him almost immediately and curses. The man he’s with grabs him arm. Is he holding him back? Castiel struggles and pulls his arm free. He stalks over to where they’re seated at the bar and Alastair shoves up out of his chair.
“He must have found someone to mooch off of...” Dean can feel the anger overtaking the guilt again and if he doesn’t get them all out of here, he’s going to have a total freaking meltdown.
“Yeah, you do that Cassie.” Gabe returns his focus to the highlight reel on the screen. But Castiel is still pacing. “Now what’s the problem?”
They were just jealous Dean had fun and got to work. It wasn’t his fault they were all business. On that note, he turns and heads up a different set of steps to the owner’s box.
He had just said that very thing. Therapy wasn’t a bad thing; at the time he had been too young and too stubborn to appreciate what his uncle’s had been offering to him. A chance to let go of all that hurt, all the guilt, a chance for redemption. If he was going to earn back Deans trust he needed to prove himself.
Sam comes around the island to throw an arm around his wife. Dean feels a little tug of envy that he wasn’t the one with his arms wrapped around anyone right now. Especially if that someone was a certain blue-eyed single father.
Turning back in the light of the hall he marvels at Cas there in his childhood bed. The troubled look he usually wears smoothed out in a deep sleep. A smile spreads across his face as he tiptoes downstairs.
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!! I am so thrilled by how much love this story has received. I cannot begin to tell you all how much this means to me. I still have plans for the club chapter, it will be a one shot that I'll add as part of a series. Be sure to subscribe to this work to be notified on that (or my account for that and any future works).
Quietly he side-steps to the bed and parks half an ass cheek on it. With his hand supporting himself on the edge of the thin hospital-grade mattress, he can feel the heat from Cas’s thigh through the thin blanket. It was maddening; the itching in his fingers, the temptation to reach out and place his hand on Castiel’s leg. It's been days since they were this close, and Dean would be a liar if he said he didn’t miss it.
She’s chatting endlessly about something related to work but he’s only half listening. His mind wandering back to a fight he had with Adam the night before.
“Congratulations you two.” He hugs Eileen and then shakes Sam’s hand firmly. “I hope you bring each other nothing but happiness.”
“You’ve got this dopey grin all over your face,” Emma scoffs, “It’s kind of freaky. What’s going on?”
“He’s your only nephew,” Cas snorts, “I’ll be sure he calls his favorite uncle later to thank him for all the really cool baseball stuff.”
He stares at the table for a moment, Dean’s not sure if he’s going to continue. But then he speaks, and it’s just above a whisper, “I just don’t think I can go through it again. I can’t put aside how I feel about her and pretend to be her friend.”
Out of the corner of his eye he can see Cas smirking into his drink. This was bull, he was as grown ass man. Now he was getting scolded like a kid in Sunday School.
A laugh threatens to bubble up, he was negotiating. He’s got a black eye, holes in his head, and the guy was freaking negotiating! Dean reigns in the laughter and smiles.
“Wow you are far from home! You said it was business that brought you here?” Dean, oblivious to the fact he’s eating the previously dreaded vegetables, chews happily on his own ravioli.
“I didn’t kick him out you know, he left. He said he couldn’t stay here. Not me!” Anger radiates through Dean’s body.
Looking back over his shoulder, there is no one else in the shop besides the two computer users and the barista behind the counter. Maybe it was a prank ad, or maybe Dean already found what he was looking for and his potential new Dom whisked him away to do Lord knows what with him.
Dean presses a kiss to his temple, and it sends a wave of relief through him. It had to be enough, he didn’t know how much more he could promise. Not without getting Dean worked up into a rage again.
“Whose idea was it to make him Master of Ceremonies?” Dean asks aloud and they both point at each other in response.
The protective plastic on the fence digs into his elbows and a line of sweat runs down his spine, despite the red and grey wicking shirt he wears. But he’s not going anywhere; this is one of his favorite spots in the whole ballpark. Second only to the pitcher’s mound, but he hasn’t been out there in a few years. He’d been invited up to the owner's box, but that felt weird without his business partners to join him; and down into the dugout with the boys but he declined that too. Today wasn’t about him, it was their show, he was just happy to still hold on to a piece of it.
In walks a short, scruffy man, probably 15 years older than him. He wipes his hands on a white cook’s apron and glances around the room.
Fortunately for the owners it matched the few other houses remaining at the end of the street. Three squat homes on a cracked pavement road. Each one a dirty shade of white that faded to grey in the years of New Jersey sunshine and smog.
Tension bleeds out of Dean almost immediately, nodding eagerly he picks up his own paper, "Yes Sir, more than ready.”
Maybe it was the way his hair was already going grey, or that his eyes crinkled at the corners. He wasn’t unattractive; strong jaw, a hard plane of a nose that looked broken at one point.
The building itself looks like an old mechanic garage; the big overhead doors closed against the chilly spring evening, there’s a large patio area with tables stacked off to one side. He walks up and inside the heavy, wooden, double doors. The décor itself is a blend of mid-century modern, dark wood tables and chairs, navy blue walls, eclectic light fixtures over every table. A big bar along the back of the room with a gilded mirrored wall behind it. It’s all very
“A fine philosophy in regards to all things beautiful, I’m sure.” The commanding voice has them all to turning toward the interior door. “Good afternoon gentlemen. I assume by Meg’s departure you are the Bennet family and my very punctual 4:00.”
She turns abruptly her heels clicking down the corridor. Dean remains in the hall; his heart torn between wanting to believe his younger brother wasn’t lying about his recreational habits and the cold hard facts that had just been laid out before him. Was he so blind to what his brother had been up to? Pacing now, he reflects on how preoccupied he’s been lately. Hell, Becky even commented on how distracted he’d been.
