When Tony spotted him with the underwear hanging from his finger the cautious hope fled, the little light in his eyes immediately extinguished.  “Steve.” He said quietly, face looking helpless and broken in a move Steve considered wholly unfair, “I can explain.”
His brain was spinning and churning and it was like he couldn’t quite put all the pieces together, despite everything being so blatantly obvious.   “I…  I…” Steve looked from the couch to Tony and back to the couch again, “What?”
Steve wanted to take him up on that, not because the idea of Tony wearing women’s underwear was something shameful, but because Tony had kept that part of his life a secret.  That’s what was really bothering him.  That Tony trusted Steve to have his back in literal life or death situations but he couldn’t trust Steve with this.  If he had never found the underwear, Tony would have never told him.
Tony’s pupils immediately dilated and his teeth sunk into his lower lip, studying Steve’s face for sincerity and finding it in spades, “Really?”
He released the material and finally made eye contact with Steve, “I’ve never told anyone.
“Can I touch?” he asked softly, wanting to take this as slow as Tony did.  He wanted to make sure Tony was okay with sexualizing this part of his life.  He would understand if this was something Tony wanted to reserve for himself, but Steve really hoped it wasn’t.  Because just when he thought Tony couldn’t be any more beautiful, Steve got to see him like this.  Open and vulnerable and completely his.
“No,” Tony shook his head, looking jittery in a way he only looked after thirty-six hours of no sleep and too much caffeine, “they were
Black satin panties.
But he came clean.  And instead of comforting Tony, Steve was feeding into his worst fear.  He pulled their bodies together as he kissed the other man softly.  “I’m sorry I overreacted.”  He rested his forehead against Tony’s, “’I still feel like I’m half a step out of time with but you’re the one thing that’s keep me grounded.  You’re the only thing I’ve been sure of since I woke up.  I hate that you felt like you couldn’t share this with me.”  Steve paused, wondering if he had the bravery to be as honest as Tony had been, “Especially when I find it … a little arousing.”
He knew it would take a few minutes for Steve to make it up to his floor.  Plenty of time to schedule movers.
eye roll before he turned and walked towards the bedroom, leaving Steve confused and even more hurt that he was already feeling.  Tony was going to beg him to stay then walk away?
He called out to Jarvis to let Steve know he was ready.
Tony bit his lower lip and Steve hated the terrified look there, despised how fragile Tony seemed.  Like he was sure Steve was going to laugh at him, tell everyone this secret that he’d been forced to share.  Tony, Iron Man, the bravest human being Steve knew, looked absolutely terrified and it broke Steve’s heart.  “We never have to talk about this again, okay?  I’ll just put it all back in the closet and we can forget this ever happened.  I just need you to know that I would never cheat on you.”  He stepped closer to Steve but still didn’t dare to touch, “I made you a promise that I intend to keep.”  His voice was low and trembling and Steve could swear he heard the ghost of the words
The chuckle that erupted from Tony was soft and broken, but it was genuine.  “Arousing, huh?  Boy Cap, the history books leave a lot out.”
.”  Please.  There it was again.  Tony was gutting himself right in there in the living room of Stark Tower.  Steve hadn’t felt this much confusion since waking up from the ice.
Tony, for his part, did not resist the eye roll.  In fact, he gave a
He brushed the pad of his thumb against Tony’s pinned dick as he continued to lick the head, tasting precome between the layers of lace.  “Can you come like this?  With your gorgeous prick trapped in these beautiful panties baby?” Steve knew he was speaking but the words were tumbling from his lips haphazardly, he was using words dirty by anyone’s standards, but by Steve’s own they were downright filthy.  Tony had reduced him to a mumbling, moaning, mess.  He would have time to be embarrassed later, although the look of shock and pride on Tony’s face eased that feeling quite a bit.  The look of pride only increased as the hand that had been on Tony’s ass fell to Steve’s own dick, easing inside his pants to jerk himself off.
“We’ll finish sweeping the area.  Go clean up our banner boy.” Tony tries to not scrunch up his nose at Clint’s suggestive tone.
Tony loses contact with the floor for a moment.  He’s up against the wall now with Steve’s hand pushing past the elastic band of his briefs.  Tony whimpers as Steve wraps a hand around his dick and starts pumping the length against his palm.
Tony spends the rest of the day wowing the kid and ignoring the overbearing supersoldier.  He doesn’t notice Steve leave as he’s helping Peter cycle through the different A.I. settings, now with a real smile.
agree with those awful rules that take away your ability to do whatever the hell you want, you had to come and fix everything yourself!  And in doing so, you left me alone. ‘Avengers are as much mine as they are yours,’ hah.” Staring at the broad chest level with his gaze, Tony takes a few deep breaths as practiced before closing his eyes.
“Put on the suit.”
“Nat, we may want to prepare in the event he's stuck like this for awhile. Maybe go grab him some essentials?”
Hopefully you like?  I got some plans for Samwise as well as Buckaroo, Peps, and Rhode-sauce.  Plot will pick up pretty quickly with the next chapter!!  (WILL write and post sometime this week!!)
“Shut it.”
Tony hates the fact that he has to look up to glare at Captain Fucking America.
“Pep--I can explain!”
Hope you enjoyed.  HYDRA Steve is a monster.  Still need to write out some of his back history so y'all can get a better idea where his evil assholery is coming from.  The back history will overall be original and not based on Secret Empire (as I have not read it yet).  I may have a weak moment and buy it to read (okay I'll definitely cave because reading comics on the Marvel Comics app is amazing).
“I doubt it.  His feelings for you have nothing to do with HYDRA’s conditioning.  If anything, they’re getting in the way of what they want from him. He’s rather adamant HYDRA keeps you out of the picture.  I’d say it’s the only real part of Steve that’s left.”
Steve looked up from the stove and over to his home companion.  Tony’s body leaned against the door frame of the kitchen, holding up the offending book. He dropped the paperback in the trash and he sauntered up to the half-dressed blonde.
He hears Yinsen telling him to get up and go, but he stays down. He hears his mother begging for him to survive, but he can't move.
“Just a joke, Rogers.  Get with the twenty-first century and open that conservative little mind of yours to flaming boys in lacy dresses and butch gals asking other gals for some sweet sweet love.”  Tony gives Steve his regular
“You’re making eggs with a hat?”  Tony nods slowly before turning to grab the salt and pepper.  Steve is already there behind him, pushing the two small grinders into his hands.
“Are you okay?  Please be okay. I have some water that you really need to drink.”
“I'm sorry, Tony.  I never should have left you there.”
“I believe she noticed the difference in Mr. Stark’s form and hoped to assist him in a more confined environment.”
“Mr. Stark, this is it.  Let’s go home.”
“Friday--fuck, take it off!”  The metal covering his body falls to the floor in tiny metal bits.  Tony sees that both of his arms are now bright red with white splotches.  Rushing to the adjoined bathroom, he turns on the sink and crowds his arms under the facet.  Vision blurring, Tony closes his eyes and clenches his teeth, swallowing his sobs as pressure builds in his ears.  He feels a hand land on his shoulder soon after, and he flings his soaking arms around through empty air.
“They're gone.  They warped out of comm range. Vision is attempting to contact Thor for some assistance.”
“No.  While I trust Sam’s abilities, Tony can be crafty and it may require some extra strength to keep him in check.  Buck, I won’t rest easy if you’re not here making sure he’s safe. If he manages to escape, he will die.  Or worse.”
“Mother fucker. And I may be dating a supervillain. Can this day get any worse?”
Tony inspects their hands, face heating as he frees his fingers.
“Buck.  Thank you for coming.”
“Viz tore them apart over here. Only ones left are in the center with Captain.  How're you and Buck holding up?”
“I'll be back soon.”
“I never should have left.  I wanted to call. I wished you would have.  I hated spending the last two years away from this.  Away from you. I did not realize how much you meant.  To me.” He keeps his eyes and smile up as the blonde stumbles through his words, clutching Tony’s fingers between his larger ones.
Steve swears his sternum cracks as a sharp, stinging pain claws as his chest.  He reaches and holds Tony's thigh still underneath the hospital covers, careful to keep his grip under control.
“Sorry, Tones.  Operation parameters called for specifically Captain America.”
“You love my inspiring speeches.  Admit it.”
“That's for damn sure. You really need to set him up with someone. Maybe some action will help with his Asshole America temper.”
“Old habits tend to be difficult to suffocate.  Maybe you want to complete the Stark set.” Barnes noticeably tensed, dropping Tony's glare and staring at the frayed paperback in his lap.  Any guilt Tony may have felt for upsetting the broken soldier was buried beneath his rage as the familiar taste of bile crept up his throat.
“It’s over.  Let us leave.”
“Iron Man, do not move.  Did you touch any of that purple sludge?”
“Try and keep your tendencies to yourself, Stark. I'm sure Pepper would appreciate the discretion.”
“Sure, Cap.” His voice feels hollow and sounds broken, but Tony continues with simple words.
“I’m…”  He wants to push Steve off of him and head to his workshop haven, but his hands won’t stop trembling even when he focuses.  The memory of his fingers being grey and feathered with dust clouds his thoughts and all he can do is stare down at his blurry fingers.  Another set of hands help him steady his own, warm and calloused. Tony pushes forward and presses his forehead against Steve’s solid (
“Mr. Stark, you’re a mechanic, remember?  Mister Strange told you he saw one future where we won.  What if this had to happen first?”
“The day I prefer Wilson to my Rhodey is fucking nonexistent.  Why the hell--”
“Peter. Where's Peter?”
“You should have never been there, kid.  If I hadn’t given you that new suit, you might have survived.”
“I do not think you realize how much of an effect you have on Steve.  He’s a monster on the field and lacks ask sympathy for his targets, but he reminds me of the kid in Brooklyn I grew up with when he’s talking about you.  Maybe it’s dumb and damn naive, but that gives me some hope HYDRA didn't brainwash all of the good out of him.”
After several moments of silence only interrupted by mechanical squeaks and moans, Tony drops his tool and slaps the watchface shut and taps at the small screen.  A swarm of nanobots spill out of the reactor and watch and cover his bare arms. It wasn’t until the smell of his skin burning from behind the half-formed faceplace does Tony realize the searing pain he is in.
“You know Steve can't mix fun with business.  He also sucks at playing pretend to avoid intergalactic complications.”
“There's no one you can call, Tony.”
Thanks for reading!
James moved slowly as he pulled Tony back down to the couch.  Once the shaking man was seated again, the supersolider covered them both with his blanket and only wavered for a second before he wrapped his real arm around the other’s shoulders, drawing him closer.
Tony falls back asleep, unbothered by Steve's trembling form.
Neither of them manage to get much rest.
“We need to talk about this.  These false memories are going to be there death of us if we fixate on them.” Steve throws the pan of burnt toast and runny eggs into the sink.  He hits the counter, glaring as his knuckles crack the smooth surface while missing his husband's heavy tremor.
“Tones.  You know what I am going to say.”
“SHUT UP!  You’re
Steve smiled at his friend.  He allowed himself one more long look at the bedroom door, remembering the feel of the soft skin of Tony’s belly after they had bathed together.  He dropped the memory and tore his gaze away, nodding at the two next to him before he left.
Steve cannot meet T’Challa's gaze. He starts to strip his friend down, unreactive as he peels off the frozen pant suit and cleans the expected mess under his soiled underwear. Once reasonably clean and wearing fresh sweats and a tee, Tony gets repositioned so their chests connect and his frigid lips press against the base of Steve's neck.
“Why don’t you call me, then?  If it is so damn important for us to chat, why the hell don’t you make that first call?”  Tony stands himself, crowding Steve’s space as he juts his chin towards the discarded block phone still on the armchair.  He cannot hear his name being called from the kitchen.
Tony takes his shoulders and pulls the supersoldier in for an embrace.  Steve drags the man closer and nearly into his lap as he starts to rock back and forth.
A combination of delayed footfalls and uneven dragging makes its way closer.  When Tony sees a clean-shaven Steve Rogers hauling the Winter Soldier’s battered body, he tries to retreat.  The roughed up blonde spots him before Tony can take more than a few steps backward, and he pulls his broken friend behind him.
“He’s not going to be an Avenger!  You made sure of that when you gathered the whole team and left!”  Tony gestures with his arms to reference the empty space around him.
Tony flips off one of the cameras as he promises to reprogram his sassy, potty-mouth child.
She watched as Tony struggled to sit up. He gritted his teeth and started to say something, but the horrified look on Pepper's face made him exhale instead.  He bent back over and tried to breathe.
“Thank you for coming today, Virginia. Now that we're all clear on the situation, I expect Stark Industries to begin assessing the provided commodities and start running simulations before production. SHIELD will provide test subjects for R&D.”
“You gonna stop me?”
He got up and watched as Tony moved slowly off the bed and over to the dresser to dress his hand.
I have the next few chapters planned out.  Hopefully you are intrigued.  Conflicted!HydraSteve is my current cup of tea.  Delicious earl grey tea with some honey and bourbon.  Basically a hot toddy.
“You also gave me a shit-excuse for a letter with a bunch of BS saying ‘sorry, not sorry’ in so many words.  Excuse me for making nothing of it, Mr. Righteous Captain Jackass.”
Tony starts buying pencils just so he can break them whenever Steve starts rambling.
“Yeah.  I do.” This Steve in front of him is so familiar and not familiar at the same time.  Tony reaches up and brushes his fingernails against his cheek down to his neck, feeling Steve swallow as he takes the back of his skull and leans forward.
“Friday!  Give me a status. Tony, honey, deep breaths. Sit and focus on me.”
As the words left Tony’s mouth, the door to the house opened as the Winter Soldier stepped inside.  Steve stood and approached his rigid friend with slow steps.
:D :D
“Mostly correct.  If the goo was on you earlier when you first got hit, then you have closer to ten minutes.  And based on the previous report, they both had to be...penetrated.”
“I’m a mechanic, remember?”
“Your elevated body heat will be his best bet for survival.  We can get him to medical once we're back in Wakanda, but that won’t be for many hours.  I also suggest getting him into some dry clothes if you're able.” The king gives the supersoldier a pack from the named lockers with a warm washcloth, lips staying straight and thin as he stares at the two heroes.
I apologize for the delay!  I ended up writing two different short stories rather than updating this.  Now that I have finished that series of upset and agony, I am back on track to work on this one. :)
“But you didn’t.  You saved me, we got out.  T’Challa told us he saw Stark the other day in the States.  You will work things out. Did you send him that letter?”
Today, Steve is sans notebook and is dressed in workout attire (shorts too tight to be comfortable and
“I don’t deserve you.”  Steve tries to smile as he gets up and makes a bed of hay for them.  He helps Tony lie down after they both pull up their pants and is careful as he hugs Tony to his chest.
“Must be nice to have someone to come home to.”  Steve speaks the words against Tony’s temple. His lips are dry and warm as they press against the roots of his overgrown curls.
“Maybe...maybe if we got our hands on this Tesseract, we could return Steve to his old self.”
arrangement that gave Steve full guardianship of Parker after HYDRA shot up his aunt for trying to hide him. Stop--you're going to hurt yourself.” When Tony continued to yank and cringe as his breathing started to shorten and quicken, Barnes took his elbow with his metal hand.
Tony spent the next week trying to escape the HYDRA nightmare that was Steve Rogers.  Every chance he had, Tony either stole sharp utensils from the kitchen or attempted to hack the single landline in the house or the front (and only) entrance. While he had yet to successfully make a phone call or an escape, Tony kept his collection of steak knives and metal forks under the bedroom carpet. The bundle of tiny weapons was neatly hidden under the foot of the king bed frame.
“Why would you let me say all that embarrassing shit, knowing what had actually happened?  Why did you come and get me? You should have let me die there, Rogers. That's obviously what I wanted.  Let me the fuck go!”
“My mom--”  Tony fumbles with his fork, cutting into the yolk of his egg to let the center soak the surrounding toast and refusing to look back up to his stilled companion, “--her secret ingredient was rosemary.”
Tony opens his eyes to Steve’s creased features.  He ignores the large hands reaching out to him and stumbles back to his stool.  He rests his stinging arms on the surface of his work bench and folds over, unable to stop the sobs that follow.  He ignores the arms he feels wrap around his chest from behind. He ignores the warm body he feels pressed to his back.  He ignores the fingers he feels making small circles against the arc reactor on his shirt and he ignores the soft murmurs of apologies echoing in his ears until he’s asleep.
He disappears into the workshop, knowing he’ll be alone for the rest of the night.
Tony tried locking the bedroom door.  As he expected, Sam stepped in minutes later with a key in hand.
“Stark?  Got a minute?”
Steve intervened when he noticed his teammate’s pinky had disappeared into the alien’s mouth.
Disclaimer:  I own nothing.  Except an LTAM manual.  That's almost 2,000 pages long.  Kill me.  :(
“Good luck, sir.  Captain, let me know if I can be of assistance.”
“Alright there, Romeo.  How about we make amends and clean up our mess before we allow ourselves to get too carried away.”
to fix this.”
“Not going to argue there.  But Tony...is this actually what you want?”  She hands him a tumbler with three fingers of scotch, bringing her own glass to her lips.
“Room, please.  Tony, can you hear me?"
“Get rid of those knives under the bed. Otherwise I'll use them on Potts when she visits.”
Tony feels his figure flicker before he finds himself back in the Siberian bunker. Steve is next to him, holding his hand and pressing his forehead against the top of his head.  Strange wearily looks at them both and sighs before he lifts his hand again and creates another glowing green rune around his wrist.
“File created, sir. I expect you want this to stay on your private server under a nonsensical title.”
She chuckled, patting the genius’s arm as she relinquished her hold.  A call from the leading pack got the two to pick up their speed.
.  We still need to access those records on Rogers.  Back on task.”
“While SI previously was unable to assist us, we want to involve the creators of the best weapons of mass destruction and the Iron Legion.  We understand the company's move away from government contracts for the last few years went against the wishes of the board of directors.”
“Stupid bastard probably knew what I would find when he convinced me to join this stupid organization.  I'm a billionaire. Why the hell am I here digging up government agency secrets? I could be on a beach. Drinking.”
“It's for the best. We'll let Rogers fill you in on that particular set of skeletons hidden in his closet.”  He throws Captain America a dark glare before he advances to the steel wall protecting the Sokovian.
In the weeks to follow, Rogers regularly visits Tony down in the workshop.  He sometimes comes with a question or request, but more often than not he sits on the couch and just starts
“I'll wait.”
“Thanks, Wong.  I’ll just. Yeah.  Thanks.”
“We can fix this, Steve. Before something like that happens. Let me go so I can--”
Tony tries his best to not cry, but he eventually gives in.
Tony notices blood on Steve's neck.  He leans forward into Steve's hold and screams.
“Seriously?  Cut the shit and go away.  I won’t be able to fall asleep with you staring at me.”
“Definitely got some on your face.  You’re not going to like what happens next.”
“At least I can still feel the burn.  What're we going to do?”
“Then don’t say it.”  Ignoring the oil on his fingers, Tony’s inhales his first slice before stealing the entire box and sitting on top of his work table.  Rhodey comes and sits next to him, leveling his stare with the genius’.
“What is the endgame here?  You know I will never cooperate with HYDRA and you won't be able to shelter me here indefinitely.  My immunity will be lifted, then I will be eliminated as a risk to the cause.” Tony moved slowly to touch Steve arm. The supersoldier slapped the lever down to stop the flow of water and turned.
“No, I believe Captain Rogers will be the one doing the fucking.”
Wanda passed Tony a pair of her jeans as well as a t-shirt and a set of undergarments still in the packaging.
“I-I’m not afraid to hit you, old man.”  Tony feels his dick tremor again as Steve brings his soiled hand up to his mouth and starts to lick up his mess.
“Do not lecture me about dealing with reality, Rogers.  Not when your head is so far up your own ass that you think some damn phone and letter are going to fix things between us.”
“Uh huh. How about you focus on finding some luck for the old man instead.  Probably would be a better way for Cap to relieve all that tension he keeps stuffed in his shoulders. Did you know that he broke three more of my reinforced punching bags last week?  Maybe I should synthesize more vibranium and just make him a damn wall to wreck into.”
Sam clapped his leader’s shoulder.  Bucky came forward, gaze wavering between the bedroom door and the floor.
“And since this was a code green, Banner won’t be around anytime soon.”  Tony looks up at the ceiling before leveling his gaze with his leader.
“I should have warned you. I made plans for us to meet up with Natasha and Clint. They both got back from assignment earlier today and asked us to meet them near the garage.”
“Stark.  He’s blocking our exit.”  Steve turns and the two supersoldiers look at each other before the maimed one looks back at Tony.
“Fuck.  Even my smile is different.  My teeth look smaller--that’s just stupid.”
Minutes later, surrounded by iron limbs and pieces, Steve is ripping the faceplate off of Tony’s suit and gripping his shoulders.
“Stephen Strange asked for me to give it to someone who was lost and in need of guidance.”
“Do whatever you want.  If you're just going to use his visit as a power play, tell him I'd rather him stay away.”
The ragged man gave Tony a long look.  His eyes did not quite meet Tony’s, but the fear in his gaze sent a shiver down his spine.
Unbetaed.  Please please please holler if you see a grammatical issue.
“They...engaged in intercourse.  Had sex, I mean.” Steve is blushing and turning his head away from Tony’s gaping visage.
He holds the confused and concerned genius against his broken heart until he memorizes the feeling.  When he pulls back many minutes later, he starts speaking, holding Tony still in his arms as those warm, brown eyes turn hard and cold.  He takes the deserved slap, keeping the angry brunet in his grasp despite his resistance.
“I’ve wanted this.  Never thought I would get the chance.”
Tony is really tired.  After spending the better part of a month breathing in Titan’s stale, dusty air while repairing the Guardians’ ship (thank sweet baby Jesus for food rations and strange blue androids who don’t require rest), he thought he would be allowed to take a day (or five) once he was back home.  At least whenever Steve did appear again, looking nervous as all hell and staying feet away, Tony was able to keep his lips tight and flee to his workshop before the nagging started.
Vision is still gone.  Pepper is across the continent, taking care of his business.  He is waiting for Happy to return with the kid so that he can talk the boy through some of new features of his suit.
“Then pick up the phone and call me.”
“Does this qualify?”  Tony always hesitates before he acknowledges Steve.  Ever since that first day in the bunker, he has never started a conversation.  He sometimes responds when Steve addresses him, only when they’re alone and Tony can keep his wits about him.
Tony remembers the beginning of the third glitch.  He arrived the moment Steve had slammed his shield into his chest and managed to break his reactor. Watching the scene sent him into a panic attack, surprising Steve of that time off of his broken suit and over to his broken future, anger still driving him.  He had made a run for it, but that Steve had caught up to him and was confident Tony was another threat until Barnes reached him.
“Then mentor him.  Show him how to use the suit, teach him to call for backup when he needs it.  If he’s going to be an Avenger, then he has to learn.”
“Because I told you everything that would happen, and you still left!  Why would I think you would trust me now when you couldn’t even trust me then?”
Suit. He has avoided recalling
Tony felt angry, hateful,
After the two HYDRA agents settled the couch parallel with the dresser, Sam exited the room.  Barnes sat on the edge of the sofa, hiding his metal hand between his torso and the armrest.
Everything works out properly on the seventeenth attempt.  The elderly Strange says that the first sixteen trials are all glitches just before he twists his wrists and send them back to try again.  A couple of failures end sooner than others. Thankfully, the sorcerer is able to pull them out of any corrupted timelines before one of them disappears for good.
Thanks! ~<3
“What happe--what the hell is wrong with my voice?”
“Not currently.  Just finished, actually.  Maybe the official report didn't specify positioning or an actual timeframe.  Clint said he'd give max twenty minutes before he interupted.  We should shave the rest of your face before the team gets here.”
He nodded, taking a palm to his temple with a wince.
“Of course I had to, Mrs. Stark.  Now we never have to change the name of the company.  Win-win. Plus, you’re fantastic.”
They stand in the kitchen together in silence, staring past each other and seeing other people from other lives. Steve eventually makes his way over to Tony, taking the smaller man in his arms.  His chest clenches when he feels the initial resistance to his hold.
Steve toweled them both dry and dressed for bed.  Tony did not react when Steve pulled him back against his chest, his thick fingers slipping under his shirt to tap the arc reactor.
“Robo-wolves can fly. Repeat, why the hell do they have to fly!”
He convinces himself by talking to Bucky's frozen form.  T’Challa catches him mid discussion.
“T-that’s great, Mr. Stark  Did you say bustier? How does that even work?”
“Hah. Good thing Rogers like using people I care about against me.”
Steve lifts the cold armor, unable to tear his gaze away from Tony's face.  Blood cakes his left cheek and Steve thinks his skin looks like porcelain.
“I'm okay, Pep. No need to worry.  Are you alright?” Tony looked over her slightly wrinkled pant suit and splotchy makeup.
“Come on.  What, does it seem unreasonable that I’d prefer
After thirty-six hours of unrest only supplemented with numerous cups of coffee, Friday allows Rhodey in without requesting approval to do so.  Tony forgives his scheming bitch of an A.I. when he notices the pizza box in his friend’s arms.
“I assure you, Viz is a fully functioning member of the Avengers.  One of a kind, really.”
“We can do this, Steve.  We
Tony exchanges the flat beer for the tablet next to him.  He starts sifting through his backed-up work emails, blatantly ignoring the judgy sigh and stare across from him.
Lifting his arm, Tony smells himself, nose wrinkling.  He hears Dum-E chirp before he wheels over, splashing some green sludge onto his creator’s lap.
“You told me Barnes died.  Even if he was still alive, he would be over a century old and probably not the best person to play chaperone to my shenanigans.”
“Yes!  Just the way I'm forgetting all those times you took out your anger on me!  Then justified it!”
“I’ll be fine once we’re down in the shop.  You’re going to start drooling once I show you all of the new settings for your web shooter.  Karen mentioned you used to bitch about there being too many choices, so I updated her to be bustier and better and ready to please so she can help you default to the best--what, webbing?--based on your situation.”
“But it’s okay.  You’re not alone now.  I always worried, you know.”  Tony looks up as his door opens.  Steve is watching him with his sad eyes again, saying words that Tony can’t hear.  He clears his face of tears, lets go of Peter’s hand and stands, failing to hold his body still.
“You can fix this.”
Leave a kudo and review if you enjoyed!  I always love reading and seeing those.  :) <3
“Steve asked for one of us to sleep in the room with you.  Given that he might skin us if we share the bed, we’re putting the extra sofa in there.”
“I’m sorry, Tony.  I regret that your research revealed that certain truth to you.  If it is any consolation, Bucky had little choice in the matter. Just another order programmed into his psyche.”
“Noted, sir.  Anything else?”
“I'm not afraid to hit an old man.”
“We'll fix this.  I promise.”
“W-what do you mean?”  Steve moans, pulsing against Tony’s hollowed cheek.  The kneeling man works on his own pants while sticking a pair of fingers in his mouth along with Steve’s dick, making the other whine.  Once slick with precum and spit, Tony pushes the first digit into his entrance. He manages to not choke as Steve starts to rock in his mouth, hand tangled in his brown locks and pulling.
“We're not supposed to share details about the Eye of Agamotto to outsiders.”
Tony fights the rising bile in his throat.  The shade sits next to him, and Tony cannot stop the flinch when he feels a hand rest on his arm.
Tony feels as that one word goes straight to his dick. He drops his eyes down to his traitorous body before he starts messing with the hologram in front of him.
“Tony.” Pepper placed her hand on his lap, earning her a death glare from the now-standing blonde.
“I thought the discussion with the board went well.  They seem to be on the same page about next steps.”
His blue eyes seem so far away when he looks up.
“As far as I know.  I imagine they would send me or Steve after it if they didn’t still have it.”
old fashioned.”
“Stark, don’t be stupid.  Clint is married. It’ll have to me Bruce or myself.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Demanding the company complies at the cost of my well-being is definitely--”
Steve pushed ahead, not noticing Tony's creased forehead and drooping expression.  Tony pinned a grin back on his face when Natasha pushed him forward and linked their arms.
Tony’s hand was released. Rogers left the kitchen, only stopping shortly at the front door, face turned away as he spoke.
He had done this before with the not-real Steve.  Generally it was in a moment of desperation when Tony was at his worst and allowed himself to give into his fantasies.  But he never imagined his first kiss quite right. He never felt the hesitation before the heat took over and
“Bucky.  You don’t see anything?  Right here?”
“Maybe. You'll just have to wait and see.”  Steve leaned down and kissed Tony as the smaller man pouted.
“Spiderman, swing low. If you can get them together then I can blast them.”
Tony looked down at the sound of ripping paper.  He watched the hunched man shred the book cover until the glossy paper was confetti.  When he glanced up at Barnes’s face, Tony's anger faltered. He averted his eyes and blinked several times, giving the man the chance to wipe the wet streaks off his cheeks.
“Sorry, Stevie.  I won’t risk another Winter Soldier rampage.  You still have your gang of rouge Avengers to look after your sorry ass.”
They both laugh.  Bucky gives him one last hug before stepping into the cryotube.  T’Challa shakes Steve’s hand before the supersoldier makes his way back to the Quinjet, Tony in forced tow.  Their flight back to the small apartment in Moscow is spent in silence.
The remaining two men looked at each other before they headed to the kitchen and pulled down their stash of emergency bourbon, each pouring several fingers of the brown liquid and taking heavy sips.
“I’m not blind, Stark.  I also have hyperactive senses.  I can...detect whenever you get this.”  He moves further into Tony’s space until their mutual hard-ons are pressed together, and Tony moans.
“So this is literally a rehash of what HYDRA was doing seventy years ago. Make guns from power cubes and alien tech.”  The words left Tony’s mouth before he could consider stopping them. He automatically started tapping his arc reactor with his overgrown nails, groaning weakly when he recognized his tick and stilled his fingers.
The helicarrier jerks, and they all stumble to the floor, and the thought is gone.
Steve makes them come together, using their seed to continue pumping them as he rehardens.  Tony tries to scramble away once the sensation becomes overwhelming. He begs Steve to let him go as he feels a finger at his entrance.  He folds over when the single digit pushes into him, feeling like fire as he starts to rip.
“James Rhodes asked to see you.”
“It's Stark.  He'll be okay.  Despite his snark, he's good at dealing with issues.”
Hope you enjoyed.  :)  Would love your opinion / comments / criticisms / etc.  I tend to hate the shit I write (and use it more as an outlet before I attempt other fiction), so any sort of feedback is welcome.  Also, I had to stop and think before I had Sam defend HYDRA.  Like, what is the purpose of that organization besides Nazis?  I came up with the whole "people suck and granting everyone freedom will lead to our demise".  But also Nazis.
“Ah. Okay. Let's get to it. I'm not sharing my egg salad with them.”
Unfortunately, his live-in captor was a supersoldier and impervious to silverware.  Tony kept his supplies hidden for the time being as he continued to contemplate how he could use the arc reactor to his advantage.
“Oh.  Well. I
Tony discovers the conspiracy within SHIELD.  He refuses to believe his boyfriend would be involved, despite the evidence.
“I cleared the guns and knives out of the ship while you rested.  Your AI will no longer take commands from you. Barton and Romanoff confirmed Fury was out of the picture.”  Tony struggled for a short time before the hands holding him tightened to the point of tears. Steve watched as the smaller man dropped his head, letting his dark curls fall against the front of his oppressor’s shirt.
Sam took his friend's shoulder.
“Egg.  Basket.  Watch and learn, kiddo.”
“My mom had planned for me to join them for that holiday excursion, but I convinced her otherwise.   Was I also part of your original kill order?”
“Any reason you have to go next week? We can go wherever you’d like once I get back.”
around a serial killer.  Why didn't I think of that?”
Sam seated himself across from the pair at a wave of his leader’s hand.  Tony felt bile creeping up his throat, and he fought the need to heave. His vision tunneled on Sam's satisfied expression until the room around him flickered from view.
Steve is sitting in the center of workshop’s ragged couch, the bulk of his body taking up nearly the entire surface of faded vinyl.  Tony looks at him briefly over his shoulder before he returns to fidgeting with the arc reactor in his hands.
him, drawing every last breath out of him until he’s swallowing the air from Steve’s own lungs.
“Noted.  Come on--we need to let the boys know your status.  Hopefully Viz is trying to contact the J’naii to figure out what the hell they did to you.  Have you come up with any ideas?”
“Breathe, Tony.  You are having another panic attack.”
“Shit, no.  We’ll remedy this heartbreak.”
“Rhodey-bear, this is awful. Usually I can keep my cool, but everything is overloading and I want to simultaneously bawl and beat the shit out of everything.”
“HYDRA successfully took over SHIELD.  We seized the Fridge yesterday and have begun sorting through the artifacts and transferring them to Stark Tower.  I have...negotiated with the CEO to align Stark Industries with SHIELD in order for both to collectively prosper.”
“Fuck you, Rogers.  You’re
“I know.”
“Tony, that’s no way to talk to a friend.  Especially since Sam has promised to stay and keep you company for the next few days.  I trust you will prefer him to your other warden.” Steve released Tony’s knee in favor of tapping the inside of his thigh with a light touch.  The brunette turned his legs away and jabbed Steve in the side with his elbow.
ALRIGHT!  So I did decide to continue this.  I will be posting chapters as I write them.  I expect to get another one out this coming weekend.  Parts of June may be spotty due to the enormous pile of crap I need to do.
A achromatic variant of the Iron man suit, which was now not really a suit at all, hovered just a few feet from the ground. Barnes found himself backing up and out of the way, not wanting to be in proximity of this final showdown between powers far beyond his own imagination.
For a moment Steve felt complete calm, like a switch had been tripped and everything that had been so unsure before began to settle. He felt grounded and strong.
On the other side of the door, Steve was wondering the exact same thing.  Between all of the blood samples and strange machines, Steve was not feeling exactly hopeful.
“Oh god …” Sam groaned from a near by bed. “Would you just go home and save all that ‘caressing’ for Steve, I honestly can not hear you dirty talk another inanimate object!”
Pepper walked farther from the bedroom door, holo screen floating along with her. “He got really worked up and the media coverage wasn’t helping. You know you were down almost six minuets right. We had no idea what happened and Jarvis couldn’t link up with the suit.” She hesitated and took a seat at the kitchen bar rubbing her hands together and clasping them under her chin. Tony had seen her do this 100 times in the past when she was stressed about a meeting or something he’d done that had the press breathing down their neck.
Bruce sighed and wrung out the rag once again. “I need to know, how are things at home?” Why did this need to be so hard, it wasn't like he was Loki's best friend. How likely was it the other man would even be honest with him. “Are you safe Loki? You can tell me the truth, if you don't want your alpha in here I will make sure you are safe. And..and we can get James the help he needs.”
The Captain felt his heart fall as he turned to her. His shock was present on his face as he started at the super spy. His mind started to go in warp drive, as his mouth hanged open. "What?"
"I want to test that core," she stated, nodding to it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You don't know me very well, do you? I'm Toni Stark. I don't know how to shut up to save my life. Why don't you shut up like the hissy that you are?!" she replied, eyeing the steering wheel. Though her mind still felt like it in a fog, it was still spinning. How hard would it be to yank the wheel from him? "I'm tired of this game. You are-"
"Okay… Maybe, this is about that hot blonde down the hall from your shield Apartment in DC," Clint said, his tone changing. His playfulness was gone.
"Toni," he yelled. He shook her a little harder. "He doesn't have you. He won't hurt you again, Toni."
"You have to go," She replied, slowly. "I'm a good girl. I…. No, wait. That's a lie. I'm bad. Completely bad." She put on the dirtiest smile that she could muster. "But I can take care of myself." She intended that to be dirty, though she wasn't sure if he got what she meant. "If you know what I mean."
Natasha glanced up to see both Sam and Steve looking at her. She shook off her grim expression and put on a smile. "As I will ever be, Rogers. I should be asking you that."
Steve's grip on the Brunette tightened, but the genius didn't stir. "Sleeping." His voice was strained as he glanced back to Natasha and Clint, who were eyeing the sleeping woman in his arms. They were clearly concerned about her, even if they had good poker faces. "I need to get her to bed."
Natasha gives them a look. "Well, Barnes only cooks for his fellas. He-" She pauses, meeting Tony's glares. "His words not mine. Then, there's the fact that Barnes keeps spending his time down here with you. I thought you were uncomfortable with him originally, but I guess that wasn't the case. Barnes was quite happy when he learned that."
Toni may not like working with her father or even talking to Phillips right now, but she was willing to do both if it meant going home. "I would suppose you and Stark would be there to make sure nothing explodes."
"Clearly," Peggy muttered.
Toni smiled. "Oh, I knew you love me, Tashie."
"The Mobile armor is deporting, Miss." There was a pause. "Captain Rogers is inquiring about your location. Would you like him to meet you instead?"
"Thanks, Helen." He'll get her whatever she likes as long as she keeps them away from him. "Whatever you like."
"I'm fine." Why couldn't they leave her alone? Just thinking about what had happened to her brought tears back to her eyes and chills to her bones. She took a deep breath, as she tried to forget the stalker's breath on her face.
I hope that makes sense.
"How will you and Steve get together if you don't have my help?" She questioned as she made her eyes as big as she could. "You can't fight my puppy dog eyes." She put on her best I-am-innocent look.
"I don't believe that would be wise," Erskine stated.
Shaking her head, Toni didn't answer and walked away to find a seat. As she walked toward the front of the massive plane, she noticed a few stares, which she didn't like. It appeared that Phillip had been right, but she wasn't going to let that get to her. Speaking of the man, she spotted him near the front, and deciding it would be best to sit close to him, she made her way toward him. As she neared, Salty glanced up. "Colonel," she greeted as she took a seat next to him. She glimpsed down the plane toward Peggy, who was walking toward them in a slow pace.
Where is he? Did someone find him? Does someone have him? Good Guys? Is he alive? Or is he dead? Did he die a fiery death? Did he get crushed to death? Is that why the ceiling is white? Is this heaven—not that he expects himself to go to heaven if it exists? Besides, doesn't anyone know that white is out? Why is the room so small? Don't they know his ego won't fit in a room this small? Plus, why is it loud? And why is he alone? Don't they know that's a bad idea?
Her words were dripping with emotions, but Steve still could not get a read on her. "Don't turn this on me. You did that yourself," he replied, turning to her.
Toni rolled back over and stared at her left arm, which was cast-less. She had seen a hot doctor (yes, she flirted), who had stated it had healed quite well and the cast could come off. He had told her that it was going to be sore, which it was, and that she should avoid any heavy lifting, but it was useable. Even with the pain, she was still glad it was off, because the cast was the most annoying thing on the planet and she would do anything to avoid getting another cast.
Even with her heavy military coat, Toni was freezing, but she felt alive as if it was the only thing keeping her in the real world. Her eyes were focused on the closed gray box that fit perfectly in her hands; the box seemed to mock her.
With her, Bucky had been that friend, who made her laugh and supported her through everything. Even if she didn't want Barnes there, he was there at her side, and now he wasn't. In his place was some pain that Toni had never felt before. She had lost people, but this loss struck her hard and she didn't know how to deal. Coulson's death was different. She could handle that. "Why?" she asked, trying to hold back her anger.
Barnes took a seat next to her at the bar. "I don't think I can judge you considering I was going to drink alone too," he stated as he waved the bartender over. He ordered a drink before turning back to her. "You should be resting."
Toni gave Steve a look from the corner of her eyes, studying the expression on his face. Steve was weird when it came to PDA. He wasn't ashamed of it, holding her hand and giving her breath-taking kisses in public, but he didn't like to be flashy, showing off to show off. He had no issue with teasing Barton with it, but he got red in the face when someone else sees him, like he was caught stealing cookies. "Yup," she said. "Ready to go."
With smile on her face, Toni kicked off the thin sheet and rolled out of the bed. With her feet on the ground, she redid her messy hair before she made her way to the kitchen in the tiny apartment. The worn wooden floor was chilling beneath her feet, and it sent shivers up her spine. "Slaving away in there!" she grinned, as she crossed into the kitchen.
"She's wearing Steve's WWII dog tags," Bruce said, exhausted.
Steve's eyes dropped to the limp in her side, and he could feel his heartbeat pick up at the sight of her injury. He didn't know what had happened, but he was going to hurt someone. "I deserve that, but I'm not going anywhere," he said, as he came up behind her and picked her up quickly. She instantly struggled in his hands.
"I'd like to see you try," came Howard's response.
In a haze, Toni found herself sitting in a backseat of a Sudan staring out at the busy streets of New York City. She had just awaken from another bad dream, which was the norm for her. "Peachy," she replied, as she slowly pushed herself off the door. She felt like an old lady as her bones cracked.
"Like what?" She asked, narrowing her eyes. What the hell was Peggy going on about, now?
"No longer my favorite," Tony utters, teasing, as he leans toward Steve. "Don't wanna watch the horrible science!"
"I'm surprised to see you here, as I thought you left with that device of yours," he said, looking her over. "No offense, but you look like crap."
Stuck by his innocence, she stared at Steve as a strange warmth grew inside of her, forcing back her panic. Steve, himself, was a shield for her, as he knew the right words to say and when to say them. He knew when to push and when not to. He knew when to change the subject. He knew. That was why he was perfect. "Yea, I'll watch from the tower with some hot coco. You have fun with that."
Still in the Iron Man suit- minus the helmet-, Toni leaned against the railing, almost losing her balance and falling over (not that she would fall in the suit), but she didn't move from her spot. The cool wind felt nice on her hot face, and she couldn't think of any other place that she would rather be…No, that was a lie. She wanted to be in Steve's arms, but giving the situation, this would have to do. Standing in the hot sun with the strong wind in her hair—which was a complete mess on her head and sticking up in all directions-, she felt okay—not okay. She felt old herself return, even if was only for two seconds.
A snickering Natasha and laughing Bruce caught Rhodes' attention as he turned to the chuckling duo. "Oh, Romanoff," he called. "When you give Toni the shovel talk, go easy. She's…" he paused, drifting off. "She…" He shook his, fighting against saying something. "…Without Pepper…"
Rumlow had threatened to hurt her—Toni. He had threatened to do unspeakable things to her. To copy all of the things he had done to man and do them to Toni, which the soldier could not allow. He could not allow her to be hurt. He could not take the idea or thought of her being ripped apart. She was
He pushed open the door before he looked back to her. "Fine. I won't say damsel in distress," he said with a laugh as he pushed through the door before she could say anything.
He watched from behind the glass as the Doctor spoke with her. Erskine had a way about that him that could get anyone to trust him, even without the accent. He wasn't skillful in interrogations as he had a bleeding heart, which wasn't a good thing; however, it seemed to be working. Toni was speaking with him, which was something Phillips wasn't able to get her to do. She was letting her shield down with him.
"I don't give a damn, Stark," he says. He's anything but happy as he sets the plate down in front of the genius. "If you're going to be a punk and stay down here all the damn time, you're going to eat whatever I put in front of you. You hear me?" He doesn't move from Tony as he remains at his side.
Toni's eyes flicked from the plans to Howard. He genuinely seemed excited to be helping, and it took her by surprised; however, she shouldn't be surprised by her father anymore. He wasn't the man she knew. "You seemed pleased by this," she replied, looking back at the plans. She knew she would be pleased with herself if she came up with it.
Toni wanted to say JARVIS was an AI and he couldn't
She continually scanned the area looking for the eyes she felt, but she only saw flashes of movements and it made her heart race. Closing her eyes, she tried to clear her head, and after a few deep breaths, she continued on her way. "You're being-" she started to tell herself, but before she could finish, she bumped into something and fell back on her ass. Before she could speak, she was helped to her feet.
Where the hell were they? Why were they keeping him in the dark?
watching him. Is he channeling a dinosaurs? "I don't think that's something you should be proud of." He wants to enjoy this banter, but he just—
"So, who are you seeing?"
He gave her a look. "You did."
If she wasn't drunk, would she be acting like she was about to give birth? She wasn't sure, but since babies normally scared the shit out of her, she was blaming the whiskey for this metaphor. A clear sign that she had had enough… not that she wanted babies. "I'm pleased to announce the imminent arrival of your bouncing, bad-ass, baby brother." She bowed to the suits before turning away. "Start Titan and go wide, stamp in time. Mark 42 autonomous prehensile propulsion suit test. Initialize sequence."
I was a little lazy so no "smut" but sexual tension is a-plenty
Steve cannot be certain of what he's hearing, then again – he would have never believed in an underwater world of merpeople either. If Howard Stark's beloved son was still alive perhaps, the old inventor would give up his genocidal plans. Granted, kidnapping isn't a significant step up from homicide but it is a step-up.
Inspired by : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNzCDt2eidg
“Yeah that’s great to hear, so is Barnes good to head home?”
Steve didn’t say so right away, prompting the towers omnipresent butler to alert Bruce a few floors below.
Tony turned the envelope over between his fingers, “I’ve seen Steve’s file, you think hacking into SHIELD was hard? I know everyone’s dirty little secrets. I know that Natasha is allergic to cats and Bruce like cotton underpants only, breathable on the boys ya know. I can also spot a lie, its a little talent you pick up when you have a bank account that would make most men cry.”  Having said, Tony didn’t think that this man was a liar, so if Steve wasn’t an Alpha or a Beta….
The alien god had actually come back to notify everyone on his brothers trail and punishment. Apparently it had been deemed that Loki’s mind was broken and he was imprisoned and being tended to by Asgard’s healers. Most of the Avengers seemed skeptical but no one wanted to rain on Thor’s parade. The poor guy cared about his brother, and if what he said was true and Loki really had been tortured and brainwashed, then he should get the help he needed.
“It's not that easy Pepper I...”
“I care about you.”
"mmhmm. We Watch Paw Patwol um an..wed bingo!"
Steve was more than ready for it all to be over. He wasn't exactly the crowds and toasting type, plus those furtive looks Tony kept shooting him all night long were defiantly not helping the situation.  When they left the penthouse earlier he couldn't keep his eyes of the man in that well tailored expensive suit. If there was one thing Tony did better than anyone - it was wear a suit.
Steve was thankful for that. He wanted to get out of the backless gown and into his clothes, he wanted out of this little curtained off area that reminded him too much of the exam tents he’d been ushered into only to end up staring at the bright red 4F on his enlistment forms.
Carelessness, he told himself. He wasn’t on top of his game and there was no excuse for it, already running and re running every action in his head and seeing the mistakes clear as day. Steve berated himself mentally; he was suppose to lead the team by example. While he could have gone on with this self deprecation, he had other concerns.  At the moment, he was having a hard time catching his breath and was doing his best to hide the discomfort. The serum would kick in soon enough and there was no need to worry anyone over nothing. Everything would be fine, that’s what he told himself as the Captain walked slowly up the jogging path. He needed to get back to the team.
“You would do that for Bucky?” Steve was almost afraid to hope.
“You and your pearls of wisdom Charles. One will genuinely think you are reincarnation of the Buddha.” Loki commented wryly taking up the glass again and offering it to his guest.
I love my guys, love them tall and spangly
Sarah was a kindly woman with a good heart;giving to those in need and helping whom ever asked it of her. With blue eyes that rivaled the very heavens above and a heart of gold. Sarah turned the eye of more than a few of the young men in her village. Her family had high hopes for their lovely young daughter. She was petite and fair, and with no surprise drew the affections of the son of a duke.
“What happens then?” The kid asked.
The beasts from the depths crept from there dark holes and swam on their bellies on the cave floor. Their large clouded eyes unseeing yet fins quivering at the sudden spike of energy pulsing through the water. Seeking the throb of life like the fluttering heart of prey.
The little one wiggled down and scampered to his omega. Wendy wasn't too wild about sharing their  P apa at the moment and growled a little. Steve didn't mind though. He had long ago mastered the art of the twin carry.
Steve felt like he was floating, the pain was starting to ease off but he still felt too warm.
That was the thing though, Loki didn’t trust her. He wasn’t as jaded by her as she thought, but he was hungry to feel something other than second best. Even if her love was a thin veil to her ambition. It was something, it was someone and perhaps the danger was a risk he could take. Maybe she would learn to love him as he had begun to love her. To crave her approval and presence.
He was never coming back.
Tony wanted to point out that Steve lived in the city and how could he know anything about living like this. The blond just waved him off and said enjoy the fresh air, Tony pointed out that the air in the tower was filtered 100 times over and likely way fresher and smelled less like pine and wet animal.
“I'll go with him.”
They just sat there in complete silence, that really not ok kind of silence that makes you feel like someone died. Or maybe they just wanted to die; Steve was starting to feel that particular prickling sensation with every ticking second hand on the too loud clock on the wall.
Despite the battle raging outside, inside the warehouse seemed eerily quiet. The kind of quiet that makes the hair on the back of your neck stand up and sweat drip down your back. It wasn't as if this was their first rodeo, but there was something in the air – a stale charred hatred that floated up and covered everything. An electric crackle on the breeze moments before a storm rolls in, the sirens that make your ears ring and your chest ache. This was the cold moment when your eyes widen and your heart refuses to be believe as the wind picks up around you and a funnel cloud descends.
"Think of something positive."
“Anthony… It’s alright, hush now it will be alright.” Loki assured placing his palm over the boy’s chest as it pale skin turned red and beads of blood seeped through the skin. He didn’t know what this was and it terrified him, he always thought the light had something to do with the stone, why Amora would have placed the stone in the child’s chest he didn’t know. Truthfully, he was too afraid to find out. Afraid to lose the only good thing he had in this world.
If it didn’t he’d go down and see Bruce, he trusted the beta to quickly access the situation. Depending on the results they could decided what to do, Steve hoped if it was his heat they could stave it off if caught early enough.
“You’re going to wear a hole in the floor.”
“Captain Rogers is in distress and calling for you.”
“You’re not perfect Captain, close... I mean I always thought so. But not completely perfect.” A voice called from the now open doorway.
“I told you, you have to have something to trade.”
“Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Serial number Zero four six two three!” he shouted as the knives drove into his shoulder and twisted. Soon another man ran in pulling his interrogator away.
The house felt so empty.
Sure, Loki wasn't exactly Phil's favorite person — Being stabbed through the chest tends to knock one off the Christmas card roster after all. Yet overall, Coulson had seen the otherworldly man change. Everyone rightfully deserved a second chance — provided they were genuine in that attempt.
“Nah, Brucy bun might say he's not our little first aid scout, but I think he likes it. Deep down inside his gamma radiated heart he loves putting band-aids on our booboos.” Tony said, thinking that now he'd probably never need a band-aid again.
“Open up Shithead! I got something to say, we can do this the hard way or the easy way. Your choice!” Was shouted just beyond the frosted glass.
“That’s what I was afraid of, I don’t want to break his heart.”
Amora smiled and handed the cloth covered bundle over, “He is beautiful, I have chosen the name Anthony for him.” That was the name she heard the mortal screaming from just below the waves. It was as good a name as any; if Thor did not favor it, he could change it. It didn’t truly matter to her; she did not plan to raise this little pink nuisance. She thought perhaps when she carried a true offspring of Thor with in her belly she might even kill this one. Then play the morning mother as the eldest son of the house of Thor was laid to rest with in the deep trenches.
The next morning Steve woke to a crystal vase with 11 red roses on the nightstand with a little card that said, “Come outside.”
Jim barely missed the shot, alarms blaring inside the suit as he faltered to find balance.  Part of his brain couldn’t even comprehend that his friend just shot at him. Not just a warning either, if he didn’t take evasive action then…well it wouldn’t have been pretty. They all let this happen , he should have come months ago to check on Tony but he was busy … busy, it sounded like such a thin excuse right now considering the hell Tony had gone through. Not just his friend but also his godson.
“No I’m not,” Tony snapped and grabbed Steve’s hand, holding him firmly by the wrist. It was no secret Steve could have pulled away but he didn’t. Tony could feel him shaking,  he knew better than anyone what this felt like. To feel the world suddenly tilt and everything you believed become false. To look up and see someone you trusted trying to kill you. “I’m asking you to Steve.”
Peters flushed little face hazed in the blue light of the arc reactor. Steve could see the damp remnants of tears still staining his little boys face.
Steve remember the last fight, Tony's face..the letter he left. It was thin half assed apology and he hoped Tony would just call but he never did.
"You like me..." Tony smirked leaning into the metal fingers massaging shampoo into his scalp.
The first few waves were much the same. Tony pleasured him with his tongue and fingers, the alpha even offered to bottom if Steve wanted him to. Something that would have been unheard of back in Steve’s day. As tempting as the offer was the omega needed something more to take the edge off. His body was craving something specific that it just wasn’t getting.
Loki was angry, of course he was and it wasn’t without reason. He had fought for the last 20 years to keep this boy alive and healthy, despite all likeliness and circumstance. At first his son’s inquisitive nature was refreshing and even whimsical; however, the older Tony grew the worse he was at self-preservation. Discovery took precedent over safety many times and Loki was going mad. After all, this boy was the one and only thing in this world that he was honestly proud of. No matter whose child Tony might have been - he was Loki’s son and always would be.
“That’s not what I said Steve. You’re the one always talking about having all the Intel first.” Bruce wasn’t aiming to sound condescending and maybe Steve was just worked up but it sounded that way.
“Get the hell away from the door Stark.”
Stark laughed manicly falling back into the sofa. “Fucking Barnes..of course...at least he has flare.” With a wave of his hands the doors opened. Tony didn't even bother trying to look like he wasn't falling apart.
“Good to have you back Coulson.”
When Logan and Kurt leave, James thinks a lot about the kids in his old neighborhood who were orphans and in work houses. He thinks how that almost happened to Steve, back then the sickly or 'too old to be cute' were separate. How society gave up on those kids. He thinks about the kids at the X school, and kids like wade.
"These things take time, have you tried asking her out on a date?"
“Sir may I also, point out you have two fractured ribs. In case you were wondering, I suggest you do not transfer to your secondary suit and instead return for medical assistance.” Jarvis mentioned.
“Everything looks good as far as your physical, I will want to give you one more sonogram before you leave; however, I did want to have a word with you both before we proceed.” Simmons said, the alpha was trying not to frown or smile to much as she adjusted the papers on her desk. Bruce was standing just off to the side with his arms crossed trying to take up as little room in the space as possible.
“Gotta fight fire with fire right Buck, you know I'm right. We can't stop him- not like this. Your arm is grinding and squealing louder than the breaks on a college kids used Toyota. The suit is done and do you really think that Agent and his band of merry men are really going to stand a chance against Tall Dark and murdery over there?”
“Steve hasn’t been sleeping well.” Banner folded like a chair. “He’s having nightmares and all I know is they have been jarring for him and have something to do with the babies. He’s not exactly forthcoming with a lot of information.”
Stressed from work, yeah Steve guessed that could be it. It wasn't his business anyway. “You training today to or did Fury pull you for a mission.”
Tony scrunched up and little face and launched forward hugging the bewildered creature’s neck. “Sorry you lonely:”
What if...the avengers were animals.....
This is what he wanted. Right here in front of him was everything he ever wanted. “I'm sorry Steve, maybe...maybe I made a mistake.”
Plates of food sitting untouched before him, the effort in their creation meant to hopefully tempt his senses. The result - a hard lump in his throat and pressure in his chest. The warm savory scents making him want to vomit.
Rogers did understand, sometimes there were things you didn’t want help with. Things that were personal. He knew that it wasn’t just macho Alpha bullshit with Tony, at least not about this. “Yeah.”
“I won't leave you.”
The bedroom was empty and nesting room was locked up tight. “Loki, I need you to open the door, can you do that? Loki?”
Steve frowned and started to get up, Tony pressed him back gently. “I'll take this sugar. Give yourself a bit longer ok? Then get a shower and something to eat. Ok?”
“Hey..” the soft word fell from Stark's lips as there hands fell part, only to have a work worn dust hand reach up and gently touch the blonds cheek. “Steve…I …”
“Still?” Thor had known before leaving Loki was having some troubles but his brother had always bounced back. Surely Loki would have been better by now. “Is he ill? If he is ailing then James should have contacted Asgard, Lady Eir would have come to tend to him without question. Or rather Mother would have.”
Tony hummed in thought and pressed himself fully to the soldiers back. “I do like a grilled cheese. Anything I can help with, something not cooking related cause I think we both know not to let me near anything like that.”
“I'm right here.” Steve was standing at the entrance to the kitchen holding a tray of juice boxes and sandwiches. “Peter, Wendy come here. Take this to your room and shut the door. “
Tony didn’t see it the same way and Bruce ended up getting a call an hour later.
Of course Steve hadn’t died, he just wished he had by the time it was over. ‘Failure to nature’ was what they called it. Just something else he couldn’t do right.
James sighed and shook his head, sitting forward with his shoulders hunched and head in hands. “You wanna know why he'd willingly put himself through pain. Yeah...same here.”
Rogers what the kind of man who liked to see and touch everything, he’d dismiss anything that didn’t fit into the firm black and white constructs his mind had given him. Perhaps it was because the military was all he had; all he knew was order and fighting for a cause. It shook him to be back at home with nothing to do and now to learn that all this time. The world around him was only cloaking another world. An underworld with monsters and strange creatures that could easily kill a man. It made him think of the stories his mother used to tell, she had been from a country that believed in such things. He remembers vaguely her sprinkling salt in the door jam, and how a week before she died… a magpie had been on her window seal and she cried. This was all hard to take, but in the end, it was a mission. Steve needed a mission, they all did.
“I don't think that's it. Loki would have said something after his physical if that were the case. Banner's a smart guy I would think something like that would have stood out ya know.”
“I believe Sir, you programmed me to protect you and by extension your offspring. That is what I am doing, so yes Et tu.”
“Tony!” Bruce is there and he’s holding his hand looking confused. The glass hadn't even cut through his flesh. “Tony...you need to tell me the truth right now.”
Damn Stark and his cologne and sexy facial hair. That stupid smile and those hands ...damn it all.
There are many reasons James doesn't like going to medical, number one (and most current reason) was waking up two days later. Why? Because apparently the new arm had what Stark called a 'quirk' and apparently electrocuted him at some point he did not remember. Oh but of course Tony pointed out that it was fine now and 'don't get bent out of shape Robocop.'
Bucky didn’t know him anymore, maybe Steve didn’t even know himself anymore.
Steve had been sent out to help stop them, he wanted to go. He wanted to finish Hydra once and for all. He needed to end this now. Rogers was so tired of never being able to take out this cancer at its root. This time it would be different. He had a family to protect and once and for all he was going to destroy Hydra.
Crying and stress were one thing...the anger though..well that was another.
The camera angles zoomed in on Schmitt’s face and that was all it took to set Steve off.
It was nice to have the reassurance, but Loki wasn't sure if it was going to be enough.
However, his words lacked the amount of venom his brain wanted to pour into them, he felt sick and tired and it terrified him. The serum should not take this long. It never took this long.
It was wrong then and maybe it was wrong now but who cares. They had each other back, hell, high water, and hydra couldn’t stop them. James Barnes was going to make the most of his new life.
“Fine,” Natasha nodded gesturing for the others to leave. “There should be basic first aid in the cabinet, you got this Stark?”
The festivities were well under way as the court gathered in grand cathedral. First came the King followed by the soon to be king. Then the queen escorted by her two younger sons Badlr and Loki, next Tony escorting his Aunt. Finally, as the crowd grew quiet they horn trumpets signaled the arrival of the next queen of Asgard.
This was for the good of the team, this was to protect Steve. That’s what Tony told himself as he spread the yellowed old documents out on the bed.
“You can't just ground me on this, I lead this team Stark! I have the most experience with Hydra, it doesn't make sense for anyone else to go.”
That’s one good thing about the serum.
‘Just a little while longer, the serum will work and I’ll be fit as a fiddle.’ Steve believed it but as every passing moment that he pushed his feet one in front of the other - that belief wavered. His chest burned and his sides ached, he shouldn’t feel this exhausted. A wave of nausea washed over him and the Captain felt a cold sweat pop at the back of his neck. He had to stop for a moment and lean against a tree. It came on faster than he could contain - his stomach flipping and rebelling against was little bit of food he’d had that morning. Which had been little more than a few bottles of water and the protein shake he’d had when he came back from his run.
That wasn’t like him, Tony expected a little more resistance before Steve lifted up his arms and let himself be dressed. “You got this, we got this, it has been got. Ok?” Tony rubbed roughly over his shoulders and Steve wanted to thank him for not using those feather light condescending touches. He preferred this- the warmth of the inventors work callused hands as they pushed and pulled over his too smooth skin. “First times are always messy, unsatisfying and end with a lil crying.”
The face he uses to get out of trouble, it works on Steve, bruce and tony...not so much Natasha or Phil
Steve and the group arrive at the undersea city and cannot believe their eyes. The sheer scope of the city is dwarfed in comparison to the beast currently destroying it.
Barnes hesitated and that was never good. “Mallen's been MIA for the last 9 hours and we've confirmed Killian's suicide. Apparently Aldrich either handed the virus over willingly then had second thought. Alternatively, he was just a coward, my moneys on that one. He knew what this stuff could do when he handed it over. Your pal Hansom was also brought in and she's been briefing us on what to expect, thing is there is evidence that Killian was tampering with her formula. So we have no idea what we could be walking into.”
Then came Peters very first science fair. First grade and man that kid was jazzed up for it. Maybe Tony was too...secretly..ok not so secretly. The two of them spent hours in the workshop working on plans and projects - spending waaaay more time than necessary on a 7yr olds homework.
This entire time of course, Tony had been going over in his head what a horrible father he was going to be, how Howard had been distant and even at the best of times little more than tolerant of his presence. He could count on one hand the times his father said
Those images made the elder omega seem like a completely different person. An individual so unlike the man in the coal black suit with its pressed seams and thin black tie. The perfectly shined shoes and slicked-back hair.
Even if it hurts.
“I see something!” Bucky shouted down from the observation deck, he raised and lowered his monocular as if trying to convince himself of what was ahead.
“Thank you Tasha, it means a lot really.”
Yeah…that would be ok. He just had to get out of this damn store first.
Yeah that didn’t sound reassuring.
Loki was game enough for the place and was smitten with the delicious smells and colorful decor.
“Um…” Tony swam around looking for an explanation, he felt around the walls for some kind of switch or maybe a leaver of some kind. “Hold on hold on…there’s gatta be…” He reached blindly into the darkness and felt his hand strike something sharp. “Ow!” the child squealed pulling his hand back.
They didn't have that luxury.
Steve felt his jaw clench, he wanted to talk back, wanted more than anything to tell the both of them did to take a flying leap. However, Steve knew now what it would get him and he couldn’t very well go into town with a black eye or of busted lip. Even if it would be worth it. People would ask questions and then Alexander would be angry.
“He can’t hear you Captain, my dog is a loyal one.” Skull commented.  “Asset, immobilize the Captain and bring him to me.” He said, turning his back on the pair.
Bricks of my defenses scattered on the ground
Steve rolled his eyes. Tony wouldn't let up with this so might as well give him what he wanted. “Fine...yes daddy. I missed you.”
Loki turned as his mother passed him, his first reaction was that Anthony had been making some strange faces and drew attention to himself. However, turning to see his son looking pearl white with dark circles presented below his eyes, changed the prince’s mind. “Anthony.”
Loki smiled and kissed the boys crown, “Never you, I would take you with me and you could be there with me. We could have our own kingdom and Fenrir would guard it for us.”
If Steve thought about it to much he wouldn’t be able to think of anything else and right now he needed to figure out where he was and why.
James steps away from the pair to give them a moment of privacy.
Sarah smiled and kissed the top of his head. She imparted one last lesson before leaving this world.
The redhead took the flier and looked it over for herself, “Doesn’t hurt to go and talk to him, plus I’ve heard of him. Stark industries are who made all those fancy toys we used during the war. Remember?”
Tony was still playing over in his head what Loki had said. Was he a monster? Looking down at his hands as he sat in the quin-jet, he contemplated every line and crease. His hands were his greatest tool and like a map to his life.
Song – No place that far –by Sara Evans
It's funny, how things like that change when you become a parent. In his youth he'd been carefree and reckless, he courted death like a dance partner. Everything is fun and games until you hold a child in your hands, ten tiny fingers and ten tiny toes with a set of big crystal clear eyes staring up at you like you are only thing in the world. When really, it's your eyes looking at them and seeing the only thing in the world you want to save.
Yet even when Loki was away, he heard the whispers, people looking at him so sorrowfully. The quiet words of Amora’s betrayal and how sad it was that Loki would have to raise a child alone. Others spoke viciously of the prince for mating with such an unsavory siren and tainting the king’s bloodlines with his bastard. Loki would wrinkle his nose wanting terribly to lash out, to tell everyone that that thing suckling at a servant girl’s breast was no blood of his.
Barnes looks away picking idly at the rim of his Styrofoam cup. "He's an idiot."
You did not know me, i never expected you to. It was worth all the realms to even speak with you for a moment.  To see your smile, a smile I'd dreamed of for centuries.
“Thanks Bruce, it really helps to have you here.” He said putting a hand on the doctor's shoulder.
“Well, at least that wasn't a total bust. We know they have a hydra connect and something’s about to go down at that AIM Pharma. Possible theft bets blowing anything up.” James said dropping a bag of Chinese takeout on the sticky faux wood top of the motel table. Orange chicken and spring rolls, maybe one less of the later because they smelled too good on the ride over. He wasn't apologizing after living off hostess cakes, Cheetos and burnt tasting gas station coffee for six days.
“Perhaps I should have rephrased that.” The older man said looking like every bit of his years. “How is Loki fairing? The children have dearly longed to see him.”
That was how she knew she wanted more. Natasha wanted everything the world told her she couldn't have.
“He's been turning cartwheels all day and spent a good two hours tap dancing on my bladder. So if you want to measure missing you by annoying me. Then yes, terribly.” Steve chuckled and felt himself relax under the welcoming touch. It was little things like this that made up for the hours he spent alone.
Then there was Bucky, It was as if they didn't look twice even knowing who he had been and the things he had done. Tony still had a hard time with that but he was able to try for Steve. Stark had an amazing capacity to forgive, in the last year he'd even been civil with Loki. They all had tried to welcome the difficult omega for Barnes.
The bottle however was torn from his hand by a large blonde. Thor looked at him not with anger put pity, which was worse.
For the next hour Tony paced around the room like a chicken with its head cut off. Just watching the man made Steve dizzy. Still there was something endearing to the madness - it showed how much Tony cared and that made Steve feel things he knew were dangerous. There was no way Tony thought of him like that; Steve had told himself that repeatedly.
“He ain’t much better with the emotions thing, think the only time I seen him cry was when his ma died.” Bucky drained his own cup looking down into the dull grey porcelain at the grounds that had settled in the bottom. “Even when he was sick, or got the stuffing knocked out of him. Never cried.”
The two agents shared a look, before Natasha shrugged her shoulders, “I could go for a frap.”
The false setting shimmered away to reveal a cleaned area with an army cot, laptop and small cash of supplies. “ I don’t remember inviting you in the first place.” Nick said
A sigh escaped him as clever fingers sought out the soft opening pushing between his warm folds. Each languid movement complimented with kisses that traveled down his chest and abdomen. The soft scratch of facial hair sending a shiver up his spine.  He could feel the alpha smile against his skin with separately breathy shudder, the cocky snot.
This dear friends, is where our tale truly begins, in a farmhouse built by a meadow near the babbling brook. The picturesque scene of tranquility and beauty against a back-splash of clear blue skies. Just off in the distance the grand gold tower of the King and his loyal subjects stands. Yet here far removed from the village and the bustling town streets - the only sound is the gentle voice of a young man with hair like spun gold and eyes as blue as the robin’s egg.
“Doll, Sweetheart come here.” Sitting up and extending his now single arm. Bruce had taken the mangled remnants of his other arm down to the workshop. Despite being down a limb it didn't mean he wasn't going to try his best to save Loki because he can feel the omega at the end of his rope.
That voice was Tony's, this is real, it has to be. It's real, this isn't like all those dreams when Steve swore his mother was there with Peter and Wendy and her once blonde beautiful hair was snowy white and she was the grandmother he knew she would have wanted to be. He was awake and Tony was there just behind him but....
“Steve spit it out, what wrong.” Natasha, who was closest to the captain said while reaching over to take his hand.
Stark wasn't buying it, he'd been keeping tabs on Loki and realized when the other man hadn't left the ratty little apartment building in over three weeks there was no way things where as shiny and clean as Loki was presenting them to be. Something was very wrong.
Skillful touches worked along side that genius mouth until Steve was keening shamelessly  and felt his mind whiteout again. If this hadn’t felt so good, he’d have dammed Stark to Hell and back.
Bruce's face when Tony does something stupid.
“Phil…Phil are you there? Bruce said that Loki’s …” Natasha voice was a little late as Agent Coulson looked to the center of the battle and saw a shimmer of gold before the man in question materialized.
Meeting Kurt and Logan's son, little wade, was...eye opening to say the least. The child was ADHD personified, but sweet none the less.
"You where the first real friend I ever had..." Bruce can't keep it together while practicing the eulogy. He told Pepper he would do it, she said it would have meant so much to Tony because really...Bruce and Rhodes were like brothers to him.  Why was he always having to say goodbye to people he loves? Why did he almost feel jealous that Tony could check out like this and leave them behind...leave him behind.
The siren, however...
Tony smiled soft carding his fingers through his little one's hair. " I know honey. You're ok now, daddy's here. Look how dirty and tired you are sweetheart. My poor Stevie. How about we get you cleaned up and in your jammies? Daddy brought the ones you like best."
She thought it over a moment, “Cherry blossom is a light cake flavor with a hint of salt. If you want something sweet but not bug your eyes out.”
He had seen omegas laying listless and alone, beaten or forgotten. Some too young carry children to term or too old. Banner had held the hands of the ding and fever fitful children. He had removed bullet wounds and sewn up lacerations. Of all that he had seen- suffering was never easy. Pepper was right about him, he felt too much for those around him. Even if his senses were not as keen as an alpha, Bruce could see the pain and desperation in another eyes.
I'm Lettting gooooo
“Patch me through to Coulson, Sam any one…. Someone needs to get in there and find him.” Steve ground out before another crap coiled in his stomach.
She had to see what it meant… she had to know that his bumbling brother would never be able to give her this. Loki did not care about her past or her transgressions, he had his own demons to be sure, and he did not care what others said about her because he could see through her lies to something beneath. She was hungry for life, she was bold and driven. She wanted too much and he longed to give it to her. Loki had to believe that when she saw this token of love she would realize what has been hers all this time.
You pretty much know you’re going to hell or are a communist when you make Captain America cry.
“I'm just fine with my life as is thank you dear.”
This was eerily similar.
“Stark.” Yeah still deep in the dog house.
He could however, pace around the waiting area like an agitated tiger. Thankfully, Bruce had been able to coax Stark out of the armor for the sake of the nervous SHIELD agents in the med bay. The Last thing anyone needed was a repulsor blasting through a wall… or face, because with every moment of no word Tony was growing more and twitchier. Twitchy Tony was not a Tony you wanted to be around.
The once prince shook his head to dispel the laughing voice in his head. He has found James and that's what he came here for after all. He steps forward and sees Stark...or rather what’s Left of Stark. Tony is nothing like his former self. A frigidity seems to have settled over the man's features and it's enough to even make Loki shiver. He's seen that before in the face of a mad titan. The way the mortal stands there over the headless corpse and kicks it. Stark just seemed so...passive, was he even mortal now? He looked far to alive for the pain poor Steven had been going through.
“You’re a filthy little minx Steve Rogers.” The inventor punctuated with a kiss on the omega’s shoulder, lining up the weeping head of his own arousal. “Just relax sugar.”
Steve smiled sadly and rubbed Peter’s hair, “Sweetie why don’t you go see if Uncle Bruce and Aunt Natasha are still here, they might need your help.”
“What did she tell you?” Loki pulled his eyes from the child to stare down his brother.
“Alright spill it,” Pepper finally couldn’t take it anymore, “This is painful to watch, Tony what did you do.”
The blond had already rounded the corner out of the lab and was in the elevator before Tony could catch up.  “Jarvis bring it back down.”
The Alpha crossed the room a little faster and was there by his side with low rumbling sounds of comfort; Tony climbed onto the now bare mattress and did his best to maneuver him into a comfortable position.
“Now, I’m not a barber but I don’t think I’ll make too much of a mess.”
“Cleaning up? I get a distinct feeling I don’t want to know, especially if it was anything like the news footage.” A shiver ran down the soldiers’ spine thinking back to the grainy video images of the black almost demon looking amour stalking through burning debris.
Something about seeing the baby faced inventor with pouty youthful lips, clearly flirting with the news reporter - made Steve feel strange. He snapped the laptop shut and decided a cold shower might be best.
This was the first Barnes was hearing of this, considering that his friend told him everything. Then again... He wasn’t the same person and maybe Steve wasn’t either. “I didn’t know.”
Clearly Stark was keeping himself busy in the last decade. Even in peace time it seemed there was always a market for war.
The man stood and nearly growled in her face, “I did the one thing my predecessor could not do!”
Steve snorted and closed his eyes, “Daddy is going to be on diaper duty for a month if he keeps it up.”
“After 20 years of not finding anything, don’t you think that maybe.” Steve started only to have the older man raise a hand in silence.
It was square and a little bigger than his hands, opening it up he found a baseball rested on a bed of orange rose petals. Steve looked into the kitchen to see the alpha looking altogether pleased with himself.
Amora had her time among the shallows reveling in the so fragile and foolish creatures. She loved that look of hope in their eyes before she damned them. A hobby those in power would look down upon and yet never publicly denounce. It was that power she desired more than the delight of pain, to be someone respected and feared. Therefore, the siren looked closely at the sons of Odin and with a heartbeat found her purpose.
A soft snort answers before a snarl “Cleaning up Stark‘s messes again?”
“Evening Sergeant.”
They shared a smile before Rogers expression began to sober, “We have more important things to worry about first though don’t we.”
“I got the first kiss, he’ll get the last. I guess we each get something the other’ll never have.”  Barnes mused as he watches the happy couple climb into a waiting car. ‘Just married’ scrawled on the back window and a string of cans dragging behind.
"Pep what's going on." he started to stand up from his work bench but his friend and former body guard stopped him.
He walked down the hallway following the faint light coming from the bedroom; so far, all signs for welcome home fun times seemed good. What he was not expecting to find was an empty bed.  In the center of the comforter sat a little white box.
Tony shifted in his seat, looking sidelong at Steve who didn’t seem to react at all. “Right, so ..Statistically speaking. What kinds of numbers are we look at here and what can we do to improve that?”
“I think that’s the exact opposite of what Stark wanted. “Sam points out from his cramped seat in the back of the sub.
For once, Barton was faster. Crossing the room and pulling his omega into a breath-stealing kiss. When they parted, he brushed his fingertips back through the silverette hair. “We should get started then.”
All because he had to risk his life to save someone else. That's the kind of guy Tony is, the kind of guy that Steve fell in love with. The kind of guy who pretended to be so self absorbed but deep down where it really mattered. Was one of the kindest, selfless and most generous men Steve had ever met.
Everyone looked up and thought it over, it wasn’t a terrible idea. Turning Bucky over to an off planet ally would eliminate the possibility that he could escape and wreak havoc or be compromised by a hydra agent in disguise. After all, if hydra could infiltrate SHIELD, what said they couldn’t already be in the government on other levels?
Tony wanted it to just end now or know what this was about. Was it money? Was it fame? Was it just the sex? There had to be something measurable that Barnes wanted from him because really what else was there?
He gave his P.A a salute to which she rolled her eyes - swatting at him with the dishrag as the inventor passed.
Every time they struck him with there fists and guns he would turn his heat and spit a stream of blood, “I can’t talk with a broken jaw ya know…” Antagonizing his attacker probably wasn’t the best choice but Steve was a sarcastic little shit on his best days.
The omega startled at the cautious touch on his bicep. Steve was standing there with his shirt in hands staring blankly at the floor. It took a few blinks and deep breaths to focus on the hand that lay steady and warm on his arm. How long had he been standing there? He hadn’t even heard Tony come in.
That mental image seared into the back of his mind. Steve imagines what that must have been like. To be given the shield after his supposed death. Steve remembered back in the day when had stopped in the war office, watching them packing up dog tags to be sent home just behind the notification telegraphs. In some cases that was all that was left of some boys who died out on the battlefield. When their bodies couldn’t be retrieved. He could never forgive Fury for this. Even if the man had had the greater good in mind – this was too much.
Steve smirked and looked up at the smug alpha, “you know I'm not in heat right now.”
Thinking about it now he realizes how natural it was, the situation had gone ass over elbows so fast that Loki must have felt it. If their roles had been revered there would have been nothing to keep him from finding his lover and protecting him. James lets the guilt sink in, Loki was only like that because of him, only felt it because he couldn't hold it back.
The reassurance didn't do much to lighten James' mind. Loki wasn't saying much and it worried the alpha greatly to have some unknown storm n the horizon, still he had to wonder if maybe now they wouldn't have to weather it alone. Natasha, Steve, hell even Tony would be there with them. Loki had allowed her in their home and had found some sort of solace with Natasha. That had to stand for something, this had to mean that there was something good to come out of this.
Extremis or not Tony knew Steve wasn't some pushover, if he felt there was a threat to his pups- Tony was going to get dropped kicked. Sure he might get up, but that didn't mean it would feel good.
Bucky turned and eyed him silently, face as unreadable as ever. “I wasn’t worried ya know. You’re like a cockroach, never could keep ya down. Him though…” Bucky nodded in Tony’s direction where the man had finally slipped from the armor and was currently sitting on the dropped boarding ramp of the quinjet. “He pretends like he’s strong, kinda like this scrawny punk I used to know…but really…he’s all tore up on the inside. Broken men are dangerous… I would know.”
A little snide part of his mind that sounds a little too much like Howard, chides him to suck it up
"Fine...and yes extra bacon...and ice cream after...then Sex...lots of sex please."
“I don't see him, whatever happened he isn't here!” Sam shouted shrilly from the mast ladder. “Nat's right though, something big is happening look!”
It felt strange but it wasn’t the first time he’d said something to the unborn twins. However, before he never expected them to be listening. Sure, the baby books said that the fetus could hear and distinguish pitch and volume; he just couldn’t see how they could be too sure about it. It seemed like a silly, but in that moment, it felt right. He wouldn’t begrudge the omega who placed headphones on there stomachs or sang lullabies to children they couldn’t even hold yet.
"you just need to get out more."
“I thought you had a date.” The alpha said tersely crossing his arms and fidgeting before he continued his left-right trek in the narrow alcove.
“Would ya stop starin?” Bucky snapped looking over at Steve who was none to covertly glancing at the loose sleeve that once held his friends arm. “It’s not gonna grow back feedin off your self-loathing idiot.”
“The hides to thick, to use my batons. Sam how about you?” Natasha replied sending another charge into the beast. She had yet to test the side arms Stark had provided because she knew they would do better in close and she wasn’t sure where on the sea serpents body would be a lethal enough hit.
So he stood there crossing his arms with a little bit of annoyance bubbling just beneath the surface, enough attitude to mask his insecurities.
It only felt like a second when Rogers’s blinked open his eyes, god he just wanted to roll over, smother himself in the pillow, and forget about that horrible thing called work. Alas, that was not to be. Therefore, the Captain sat up rubbing the sleep from his eyes. Looking around with a yawn at the white walls and glass enclosure…wait a minuet. What?
Simmons paused and looked at the screen with a tilted head. “Oh my…”
Natasha emerged from below deck with two totes over her shoulders. Swaggering across the creaking floor the redhead shifted the bags. “I say we give some of Stark's toys a try” she says tossing the bags up onto a table in the main cabin.
It had been nice to see Bruce becoming more social in the last few years, he particularly felt at home with Pepper and Natasha. It was no surprise to see the three of them cuddled up during movie night or Bruce painting one of the ladies toes in the common room. Not to mention with Natasha away, Bruce was an asset to Pepper.
“Wrong, I said it gives the user physical perfection. It's defined by what the individual needs or thinks of as perfect.”
Pulling up the police report for aforementioned shooting, Tony knew he had a winner. Apparently, someone broke into a house upstate thinking it was empty. It was not. A woman was shot and killed in front of her four-year-old daughter. The police never found the suspects.
The only answer he received was the but of the handgun bashing against his temple.
“Poutine? …Captain America wants…Canadian Poutine. Ya know I do not know weather I should laugh or cry. Sure why not, poutine it is. I don’t care what we have as long as we’re naked.” Tony said with a roll of his shoulders as they rode up to the penthouse.
Once he had…well. It was anyone’s guess what the time pup could get up in his exploring. Loki did not hover as some might suggest him to; he wanted his child to be curious. Curiosity meant intelligence and Loki had been a very curious pup himself. That did not mean he let the tiny mer flounder around unattended.
“This tastes great doll.” James said digging to the savory soup with gusto.
“No… I …it is but a coincidence The Norns… they work in mysterious ways? How does the youngest son of Odin have such dark hair then! It…it means nothing!” She grew angry and desperate.
He wished they hadn't saved him.
“No! Oh .no. no…” She waved her hands, “I suppose I could have phrased that better, that is to say Captain - during your last heat were you sexual active?”
“Thanks Buck, I would ‘a eaten a bite before I left but...” Steve trailed off mindful of the little ears so close.
Tony and those nicknames, there is something I want to share but its nothing he’s going to want to know. He’d go ballistic; probably blame me fore trying to trap him. He’s a rich guy after all and that’s what omegas do all the time with his type. It’s not like I popped holes in his rubbers or purposely forgot to take suppressants. I’d been frozen for over half a century, hell I didn’t think I’d go into heat. I didn’t even have them before because I was too sick. How was I supposed to know?
One of these days his luck would run out, he'd be too slow, too stubborn or just in the wrong place at the wrong time. That's how it would be, getting his ticket punched on a case of obvious oversight.
Second was another of Loki’s monstrous pets, a hippocampus called Sleipnir, the creature was old as Asgard itself and had always been untamable. That was until Loki, as a pup the prince had wandered away and come face to face with the monstrous creature. For whatever reason, Sleipnir lowered his head and nudged the curious little mer onto his back. Taking the tiny green-tailed pup back to the palace where everyone was in awe. From that day, Sleipnir had watched Loki from a distance and sought the mer out a time of two. Loki had no fear at all when he heard the familiar drum of hooves on the corals beds one afternoon. He looked up and spotted his curious little toddler swimming right up to the creature. Tony tiled his head to the side before looking back at his father.
James would always ease away and sit him up, holding a hand to Steve’s chest. He would frown feeling the uneven flutter under his palm and how flushed the younger man would become. “When I get back, I’ll have a pension to and I’ll take you outta here Stevie. We’ll get a real house and you can see a good doctor. No more stale bread and boiled potatoes, I promise doll. I promise.”
Last word she had was Fury’s meeting with the man days earlier, things had pretty much gone FUBAR after that. To barrow the phrase from Rhodes, who had tried the intercept Tony the day after…that hadn’t been pretty.
“Don't do anything stupid. You come home at the end of this.” Steve said, not leaving any room for argument. He knew how Tony could be out in the field; impulse control wasn't one of his finer points. This time it would have to be. This time there was too much on the line, to many variables that they had no idea how things would pan out. It killed him to know he wouldn't be there by Tony's side.
Clint:.... I am legitimately nervous now. Come near me or my fabulous ass and i will shoot you between the eyes
“Well, I think all things considered yes. I mean, I rarely let just anyone stab me.”He smiled and walked over to a small fridge to fish out a water bottle.“I hear Simmons has been working with Banner on your issue. I sincerely hope they where able to come up with something.”
He wondered now about what he was waiting for, he hadn’t felt this uncertain in over 70 years. He hated it, hated that this wasn’t something he could control.
Tony was all over him, covering him ..Shielding him. It seemed absurd considering Steve’s stature but here in this moment, he felt small again and it did not frighten him. He let his hands slowly settle on the alphas back. Tony pulled them onto their sides with Steve’s back against the padded wall. It was warm here…safe here. Far away from the everything else and he could empty his mind and just feel this.
“What where you just saying about being late?” Loki retorted, gently removing his mates roaming hands. He smiled, it was a little weak but easy enough to believe. Honestly, he couldn't bear to be touched right now. Every ounce of tenderness just served as an ugly reminder to his own ineptitude.
“Daddy?”
Steve's brow furrowed “Buck said Loki came to see you.”
Knowing that there was a plan made Steve feel 1000 times lighter, it was as if he had been walking around all this time with his hands tied and now he was finally free. That freedom left him exhausted, and yet he could not sleep. It was that bone deep exhaustion that feels like you could melt into the floor and not care in the least. It was so frustrating to feel this way and no mater how long he hid behind closed eyes- sleep still managed to evade him.
He wanted to have some smart mouthed remark about Tony just wanting to get out of a meeting, but he was honestly too sore to make the effort. Allowing the alpha to offer a shoulder to lean against on the way back to bed. Once back in the comfort of memory foam Tony promptly sat at his side, rucking the tight sleep shirt up over his belly.
Putting the kids down with the order to 'play nice', Steve headed into the kitchen. Bucky set a freshly microwaved plate down on the table, obviously something can't be forgotten. Steve smiled thinking back to all the times that his younger self had been forced to eat even when he was almost sure Bucky did without. “Thanks Buck”
“I did it! I enlisted, I’m gunna go over there and kick those Germans right where it hurts!”
Looking out of his peripheral at the captain, while he was deleting the security footage and shutting down the system, Phil noticed Steve poke the guard with his boot. “Not to worry, he’ll be fine. I think. Anyway shall we?”
His mission with Natasha was finally over after a week of watching the suspected terrorist cell. After all the days spent crammed in a van and skulking in alleyways, they got to spend the last night in a hotel while waiting for extraction in the morning. They had gotten a little Intel on the group and confirmed what SHIELD already knew. Apparently, the group was plotting a heist of some kind. Usually that was where they would step in, but apparently, whatever the group was going to steal was something SHIELD also had their eye on.
Amora was pleased with the swaddled child’s silence as she entered the castle; after all, she had to play the part of blessed mother.
(See the end of the chapter for
The alpha sat up with his elbows on his knees and face in his hands as he listened. He’d been trying to figure out just that this whole time. Tony wasn’t a spring chicken any more and really, men his age already had teenage children. He shouldn’t be this freaked out about all of this, all of his youth he’d been pushed and prodded to settle down with a nice omega and give the Stark name an heir to the industrial throne.  He almost did just that, he was going to and then…Afghanistan happened. “I can’t be the one that tells you what to do Steve.”
An: Ok so this is my first stab at a Stony Fanfic, this is just a short one. It actually started out as a one shot but I quickly figured out this one would end up being 5 or more parts and was like meh, let's do this thing! Cause ya know kids, Sometimes you gatta run before you can walk *wink*
Tony knew seconds before the heavy tentacle slammed into the armors chest piece that this had been a mistake. He was counting on the monster to be preoccupied with the shield agents. Mild miscalculation, how was he suppose to know that genetically spliced abominable …what was it Bruce said? Squid/…axo… axe…ak… Aka-cues me? Some weird salamander fish thing from Mexico that Tony could not pronounce. Either way he did not think it would be so perceptive.
Charles smiled and folded his hands in his lap. “Yes, I suppose that is true but often it is those who challenge us the most whom we learn the most from.”
But you lost yourself too...committed sin after sin.
The news was not good.
They were not and something about that made a cold feeling settle in the pit of his stomach. “Wow...what a nice welcome home.” Tony said, looking back to were Bruce and Clint were helping a limping Barnes off the plane.
Thinking of her husband, she knew he was glad to see Loki courting; much like his son Odin ignored who had channeled Loki’s affections. ‘It will be good for him, Asgard needs its princes wed.’
Title: Words
Tony didn’t comment either way on that. Jarvis was right, he was colder now.
“Yes Sir.” It was easier not to argue.
Barnes worried about him, worried one day he'd get a call to come identify a body or pick up to hear pepper crying her eyes out telling him that Tony had ODed. He wanted Tony to understand how much he was worth and if the best way he could do that was to love this infuriating genius and beat that fact into his head  ...then he'd do it
Her eye twitched, but she couldn't throw the wrench at him. Phillips wouldn't like that, and she couldn't make him mad again. She had already gotten him angry. "Where's my device?" she asked, changing the subject. The wretch was still dangling from her hand.
Ignoring the pain, she glanced at Rogers who was staring away. "Put me down," Toni ordered. Not only did she not want to be picked up, but his grip was hurting her already injured body. "Barnes, put me down. This is not how you get a nickname!" She yelled as she hit him lightly.
"You could always do things that we could not," he cheered, eyeing a female nurse. "Oh, look its Nancy. I like Nancy."
She didn't like seeing him like that. "Steve," she called again as she tried to sit up, but he wouldn't let her.
His laugh was comforting, but she wouldn't tell him that. "You have nickname already," she stated.
Toni forced herself to take a few deep breaths, as she watched Steve faulter. She could see his head spinning. Peggy meant a good deal to the both of them, and this was torture.
This man was getting on her nerve and she was this close to letting Barnes beat the shit out of this man, but she doubted Rogers would be happy about that. Why did she have to be the reasonable one? Did no one understand why that was a very bad idea? She didn't know what reasonable was. "Look, that's one thing we can agree with," she smiled evilly. "I can handle this dog on my own. Not his fault that he's a teeny weeny goon and can't get a hot dame. And let me tell you, I'm too hot for this dog."
"So whatever you're going to do. Do it
She felt sick as she spoke,
"Not recently. Not big in this time," he said with a chuckle.
"Someone would probably pay for a video of that or at least watch it," Toni interjected, thinking. "Oh, there're probably a lot of sex type that the media would love to see."
"You know I think Rogers will freak if you disappear again, though I might want to see that."
"Very well," JARVIS responded. The yellow lights were still flashing annoyingly, but the earsplitting alarms had died down, almost to a murmur.
Toni looked pass Barnes to Rogers, who had walked through the front door, and her eyes twitched as J.A.R.V.I.S. scanned him like it did everyone, who entered. "I see you're working now, J.A.R.V.I.S." she muttered.
"Don't leave me. Just don't leave me."
She thought to herself as she flashed back to the letter. She was doing the exact thing that her father told her not to do. She would be getting an ear full from him if he was here.
It all was because of that dark hair Brunette. Right now, he wanted to be in Florida, wanted to be in Florida with that
Steve laughs, truly laughs. "Not that we don't deserve it," he adds, placing a kiss to Tony's forehead. "So no more cold beds, and besides, I want morning sex."
"Or maybe, she does care," Schmidt said, not turning away from Rogers. "Imagine what she will do when I kill you."
"I just don't believe you should be on the battlefield." He exhaled slowly as he pushed the documents in front of him away. He looked at her as he tried to figure out what to say. "There're reasons why there aren't woman solders on the battlefield. One being that men are physically stronger than woman."
"Yes, Sir?" the AI asks.
*O*O*
"I would assume that you would want out of that cell sooner, which is something that Thor can give you." Loki stepped closer to her, which forced her to take a step back. She wasn't sure why she even bothered to take a step back as he couldn't even touch her. He wasn't really here.
"Toni."
"I will always be with you and have your back, but Toni," he started. "Talk to me."
A snarky comment is just on the tip of his tongue and it takes everything in him not to say it.
*O*O*
"I'm sorry. Please, listen."
Barnes was smirking at her. Smirking at her! She was a Stark. How dare he smirk at a Stark like that? "Large ego, I see."
ornament, which featured the Chibi visions of Captain America and Iron Man Kissing—minus the helmet. Toni wasn't sure about the ornament at first, but she decided she liked it, even if she wasn't a fan of Christmas. It seemed like she wasn't the only either, who liked it, as it sold out in record time, which Clint teased Steve and her endlessly about. Toni teased right back, because Clint was jealous. Just jealous.
"I'm not going to sleep with you," she snapped, taking a step to him. She briefly wondered how he thought she was pretty, looking like she did. She was covered in sweat and mud, her clothes were filthy, and her hair was a mess.
"So what movie do you want to watch, Toni?" Bruce asked, sitting in one of the love seats in the home theater. It was a large love seat that could comfortably fit three if needed.
"Good, because there's a new position I want to try if you're up to it, Old Man," Barnes says, smirking like the punk that he is. "We wouldn't want to break you." His voice is soft, and even if he's teasing, it's clear he's worried about hurting Tony.
Steve crosses to the other side of Tony as anger is suddenly in his voice. "You need to listen for once in you-"
person. Couldn't hold Stevie without getting boogers on me. He was a disgusting mess."
"I don't know about good looking part," Dum Dum replied with a chuckle.
"You'll come around," he replied as he looked down at the journal. He flipped a page. "I expect more guts spilling in here, Stark." He flipped to another page. "All I see is possible ways to fix your device, historical counts of your days' events, and massive guilt. No mention of love. So sad." He glanced up at her with another creepy smile.
Steve shifted closer to Toni as his hand dropped to her neck, keeping her from moving back. "I need you."
"I doubt that," he replied as he turned back to Peggy, who let out a sigh. Everyone knew Toni wasn't going to be easy.
dead, and there was no doubt about that. Sure, they never found a body—not that they would find a body; however, there was no way he would have survived, and if he did, he would be at least 90 years old. Unlike the Cap, Bucky wasn't a super solder and couldn't be a Popsicle. He wouldn't be able to survive those extremes like Steve, even if Toni wished he could.
Toni flinched, forgetting that Wilson was even there. She didn't even know why she flinched like that, when he wasn't anything to worry about. Though, tell that to her heart. Why was she so jumpy? "Oh, you're still here."
"Here, let me help."
"Yes, Miss. I do not detect any malfunction in my programing or software, and I can confirm that my scanners are operating at 100%," he replied, sound almost insulted.
The next few weeks went by faster than Toni expected. After she got the correct tools, she was able to convert her smart phone into a portal hacking device. Though she had yet to test the device, it should be able to hack any computer system and unlock any computerize lock; however, just in case her father only had manual locks, she had obtained a small lock picking kit. She had honed her skills on a few different locks that she had found at the hardware store.
She wiggled in her chains trying to create some sort of lag, but the chains only drug into her side. "Bitch," she cursed, fighting through the discomfort. It was a dull pain, but it was radiating up from her side to her arms. It was also a numbing feeling that was taking over her whole body; however, she wasn't going to give up. She was going to get out of here, and someone was going to get beat.
"Are you okay?" Trip asked, not looking back.
standards." He gave her a look.
"Captain."
Was someone speaking to her? Why would someone be talking to her? She was no one in this time, and there were other people around her, who the voice was most likely speaking to.
With a grin, Steve didn't stop and continued his 'assault' on her neck, as his hand snaked under her the thin shirt.
Shaking her head, Toni was tempted to leave him there, but she couldn't. She kneed down again and put her hand on his shoulder to shake him. He moved slightly under her touch, but he didn't stir. "Rogers," she called, but he still didn't wake. "Rogers," she called again. She had no idea that he was such a heavy sleeper. "Steve," she stated, switching to his first name. It felt weird to say it. She shook him harder.
Romanoff snorted at that one, but she didn't say anything. The same couldn't be said of Toni, not that she had ever shut her mouth. "I could get more ladies than you any day, Barton," she replied, giving him the biggest grin that she could muster.
"Toni," he repeated, as he looked her over. "What are you doing?" He was in full battle uniform with his rifle on his back, and he was looking pretty intimidating. She couldn't get pass his eyes and how angry he looked.
"Why, Captain, that would be inappropriate!" she protested, loudly. "What would people say?" Everything that Toni had thought before had flown out the window as she stared in Steve's eyes. She could get lost his eyes for years, seeing how happy he was. Sure, she had seen Steve happy before both in the past and present, but this was a different level of happiness.
Toni took a deep breath as she pushed away from the table. "Can we just skip this part and someone- hint, hint, Stark- gives me back my core, so I can go home? I so need some Shawarma," she replied, looking at her father.
Toni turned to him, suddenly remembering Madame Hydra. "There's this female Commander. She knows something!" She knew it might be foolish to tell him as that woman did know things, but she had to find her. "We must find her."
"What? I think he would like to know so he can make the best out of these two weeks. He's your best friend."
"For you to make up for your betrayal," Barnes hissed. "Are you willing?"
*O*O*
The bully dropped Steve and turned to her. He put on a creepy smile. "Look what we have here. You're such a pretty thing. Maybe, when I'm done with him, we can go out."
It would be dangerous to let her go without knowing all of her secrets. The idea that she was a spy was less plausible now, but Toni could still be dangerous to the public. She could still be a terrorist or criminal, which was almost as bad.
*O*O*
"You think Fury's hiding something?" Steve asked, meeting her glare. He would see her sizing him up, almost expecting him to fold under her glare, but he knew how to handle it.
"You would be correct, Agent Barton. For your compliance, you will be rewarded."
Studying the system, she decided to set off an alarm that the guard would investigate but nothing too large that would send anyone running. A large alarm would cause too much suspicion, which she couldn't have. She would never get out of here if she did. She didn't want a building lock down. She set off a door alarm on the other side of the building.
"This one's fun. She's been fitted with electrical relays. It'll allow you to…" Howard started.
Natasha remained silent as she took a step forward, but she was giving Steve a look, a telling look. It was if she was telling the Super Soldier to do something, but Steve didn't move. He just stared at Pepper as she led Toni to another room. His eyes were narrowed, calculating, but he didn't move. Bruce glanced around, standing perfectly still. There was a clear struggle on his face as he glanced between Rhodes and Pepper, but he didn't say anything either. However, Clint was anything but silent. "Why? So you can spout your bullshit? Too afraid to admit it in front of us?"
"Hey now," Steve said, as he placed his hand in Toni's and squeezed.
Toni almost let out a sigh of relief as Steve took control, but with the angry Pepper beside her, she knew she had to deal with her now. It was only way to settle the CEO. "Pep," she said, turning to her. "You want to talk? Let's talk. Let's go Rhodes." She could see the rest of the room step forward at that, but she didn't let them interject as she left.
awful thoughts out of her head and keep a level mind. "Settle down," she told herself, as she took in the room, scanning every itch. Relief rushing through her, Toni didn't have to look to far Steve, spotting the man in front of the stove. With pan in his hand, he was cooking and…dancing? Wait, what? The Famous Steve Rogers was shaking his hips like a dancer, as he sung to himself. While at the same time, he flipped pancakes. There was an ecstatic, silly grin on his face, and it remained, even after he flipped a cake too high and it landed on the ground. Toni couldn't help but smile, as Steve carried without missing a beat. With an energy that could lighten up the room, Toni couldn't take her eyes off Steve, especially in those boxer briefs. Tight briefs, which left nothing to the imagination.
He looked at her with a serious look. "No." She glared. "Don't give me that look. You aren't testing it." His voice had a parenting tone to it, and she didn't like it. "It's too dangerous."
Steve's eyes darted to Toni, eyeing her. She knows he was trying to read her, trying to sense where her mind was. "Yes, I am sure," Toni replies, putting on a smile. "Then, he will finally shut up about it. You know him. Talking up a storm about our dear old Steve." For Peggy, she would keep that smile on, pretending to be a dead woman.
She fought the man for a second before allowing him to push her down. "Stark," she uttered as she stared at her father, who was looking intently at her. "W-where am I?" she choked out.
"I don't like people watching me." Toni stared at the monitor, trying to figure out what was going through his mind. "What do you want anyways?" His tone changed slightly with the departure of Pepper.
. After meeting beings of fire with regenerating limbs and aliens, zombies may be possible. And man, wasn't that a scary thought? Knowing their luck, they could run into Zombies.
Chapter Two
"It's getting worse."
Sensing the tones in her voice, Rhodes backed off. "Okay," he replied, looking her over. In the Iron Man Suit, it was hard to get a good reading on her, but as her best friend, he could only always get a reading on her when he looked hard enough. "Why don't we get Rogers? Or he can meet us? He would come running if you called. He's deeply worried."
Toni stared back the monitor and narrowed her eyes. He had a smile that could light up a room, but that didn't mean she would let him in. However, she had to admire his attitude, even if she could barely stand him.
"So how did it come out wrong?" she asked. It annoyed her that he didn't want to be saved by her, but she guessed she could understand. She wouldn't want to be saved by anyone as well. She could save herself.
Shaking her head, she noticed a newspaper on the table. "Great, now I can see what year this is." She picked up the paper, but she didn't look at it. Underneath the newspaper was a white letter like paper. She knew she shouldn't look at it as it wasn't her business but she couldn't help it. She never could mind her own business, which she was yelled at constantly about.
"I didn't need your help." His back was toward her. "I could have handled that."
Steve wastes no time in scoping up the genius, as he pulls him into his arms. "Yea, who wants to watch that hocus pocus," he says as he tucks Tony's head under his chin. He gives Bucky a smile as he reaches a free hand to his other boyfriend.
That pulled Toni from her thoughts, as it almost brought her to the point of tears. She was the reason why he was in so much pain. Toni pushed off from the poll and turned toward the direction of Peggy and Steve, which the sight of made her feel sicker. Why was Peggy hanging all over Steve like that? Didn't she know that he didn't need that?
"Are you okay?" Steve hadn't left her side since they had taken down Killian. Barton, on the hand, was commanding the SHIELD agents that were on arriving on scene—well, between the banter and the insults.
With her hands on the wheel, Natasha hesitated for a second before waving Toni over. "Stark."
Toni glanced around the lab that Peggy had dropped her in a short while ago, having important things to do that she didn't want Toni to know about. She had talked generically in front of her without revealing any details as she eyed Toni. It made her feel like child, which infuriated her, but she didn't say anything or even react to it liked she wanted to. If she wanted to earn their trust and get her damn device back, she had to listen and behave, which would be difficult.
"You just ruined my 'walk away,'" she whined. Peggy was correct: Toni needed to be careful with what she said as she was being watched. She could land herself in trouble, which she had to avoid; however, she sucked at that. She couldn't keep her mouth shut to save her life. "Why are you letting me go?" she asked, curiously. "Did Colonel Salty change his mind? He thought I was a spy, a danger."
The man gave her a look as he continued to hold out his hand to her. "We have met before. It was –"
"I got this," she stared, glaring at his helping hand. She was struggling with him, not sure of who this person was.
"Yup, that's what I thought you would say," Barton replied as he got to his feet. He stretched for a few short seconds before following after the Captain. "Okay, let's go. But Natasha will hunt you down when she finds out, which won't take long."
"Sir, this has already happen a few times. Rogers has put you to bed a number of times."
"I can't get drunk anyways," Steve countered as he threw the empty bottom into the wastebasket. He picked up another bottle and took off the cap.
Steve looked up at the sound of his name. "Yes?" he asked, unsure of himself.
Toni wasn't sure what she was doing, but she needed to get out of the city and out of the city quickly. She needed to get out into open air, trying to feel free. So, she could breathe. She needed to separate herself from the distractions of the world, to separate herself from the noise of the city that threaten to overwhelm her. With a deep breath, she zoomed out of the city in her Iron Suit, heading toward the open water at top speed. Making past the bay in seconds, she narrowed the distance between her and the water.
him to trust her, to believe in her. She needed him to be on her side no matter the situation, even if she was wrong. She needed him. "Stop," she said, strongly. "I don't need this right now."
Tony doesn't recall much besides extreme pain and isn't sure what's going on around him. He can only make out the shapes that flash in his vision, and he can't make out anything besides loud pounding sounds. He knows someone is speaking to him, well more like yelling, and this person is panicked, but he doesn't know what he or she is saying. He knows this should scare him, but Tony can't seem to focus enough to be worried; the pain is just too much.
"Sorry," he replied, eyeing her. "I'm Harvey Spector, name partner at Spector Ross, formally Pearson Litt. Your father, Miss Stark, was a client of ours when we were Pearson Litt."
Shrimp.
"There is no where you can run from yourself, Toni. You're a murderer, and nothing can change that."
"It's time to move forward with the plan," Pierce ordered.
Toni took a deep breath as these idiots were frustrating her to no end. "Go Private before I beat you, and I hit harder than he does. Trust me." She glanced to Barnes, giving him a look.
"That and to talk," Howard replied, getting to his feet.
"The Mark 7 is not currently in the tower."
She leans back slightly as her eyes travel the entire length of his body, but they focus on the expression on his face after a once over. "What's wrong? What did they do?" her voice turns cold, bitter.
"It's Iron Patriot now," she mindlessly corrected, as she stared at a newspapers the boy had showed her earlier. Her heart stepped a beat as two photos stood out to her, though one was only due to its size. The other one was of Steve, who looked
Pepper took a deep breath. "If you can't sleep, go get clean up and eat. You can't go on like this."
"It's true. All of it." He smiled at her as he opened the kit. He finally broke eye contract to look into the med kit, and spotting an ice pack on the bottom, he reached it, the medical type and everything else he needed. With everything in hand, he went back to her left ankle. He cracked the ice pack, activating it before pressing it to her ankle. He could feel her flinch, but he didn't let go. Holding it with one hand, he wrapped Toni's ankle with the other.
Steve kept telling it was all in his head as there was no reason why Loki would be eyeing Toni. Seriously, why was he staring at her like that? Did Toni have what Loki wanted? If so, what was it? Was it technology? That couldn't be it with that intent stare. It looked like he wanted
He took a deep breath. "Maybe, Bucky would know." It would be useless to ask why she needed a homeless shelter again because she wasn't going to tell him why.
It was a very cold day and Toni was learning this the hard way. Yes, when Agent Carter escorted her out, she knew it was cold, but she didn't expect it would be this cold. She could see her breath. She wished she had a coat, because this sweater wasn't keeping her warm at all. Though she knew, she should be grateful that they let her keep it as she did steal it from a nurse. It did provide her some protection that her regular clothes would not have given at all. Her simple black shirt wouldn't do anything but draw attention.
He had to write them, but what would he do about Corporal Toni Sark, or rather Toni Stark? She was gone like the rest, except she was different than the others. One, she wasn't supposed to be here. She was a civilian in every sense. Two, she was from the future, and three, should he tell her father? How could he tell her father? He couldn't go up to Howard Stark and tell him: "Hey, your daughter from the future is dead." But he deserved to know, right? His daughter was dead. How did he start that conversation?
As her father spoke, she felt her nerves increase and some strange energy rushing through her, keeping her awake. "How's that the correct word?" she asked. "We aren't family, unless you know something I don't." She was stalling through her panic and she hoped it wasn't visible. It wasn't possible, there was no way he could know.
"You're planning on taking Toni back with you?" Clint said, anything but friendly. "Away from the Avengers."
"I can always try?"
"Toni."
Steve's eyes were glued on Toni, just staring into her eyes. "I'll keep it in mind."
She inched closer to him again all so slowly, almost dance like. "Did you just figure that out?"
She wasn't sure how their relationship was going to last- if it was going to last. How would it work alongside their team? There were reasons why loves ones in law enforcement didn't work together, granted she didn't know if the Avengers were even a team. How could they be a team? Just because they were 'living together?' Were they living together? Or where they just hanging out? Besides, what made them a team? Just cause they joined forces once or twice? Besides, didn't a team need to trust each other? She wasn't so sure they did.
Rumlow patted her face again, snapping her attention back to him. "Stark."
like him and then he had to die on me. How could he leave me again?" Tears had started to run down her face. "How could he die after I started to love him? How could he?"
Toni froze at the door as she heard her name. She knew who it was by the tone of his voice: Captain America. He was back early from his mission with Romanoff and Barton; they weren't expected back for at least a few more hours. She wished he had returned when he was supposed to, so she could've sneaked into the kitchen. She hated dealing with him and his insults. Sure since saving the world together, they had an understanding with each other and they did get along, but after a while, she couldn't deal with his high and mighty attitude. It was stupid, but she had started to pick fights with him, when she should've just let things go.
After a few deep breaths, Toni forced her eyes open, and with everything that she had, she kept them open. For a few long seconds, the light blinded her, but she wouldn't, refusing to close her eyes. She needed to focus, she needed to stay awake, she needed to protect herself. She concentrated. Picking a distant object, Toni stared, willing the shadow to take form. After a few long seconds of staring, it did take shape. It morphed into two shapes, and it looked, even from the distance, like the shapes were fighting.
"Very well," Zola stated as he waved forward the soldier with the bucket and cloth.
The sound of Romanoff's voice snapped Toni back to reality. "Not my fault you can't keep up," she replied back. The genius had no interest in slowing down. It felt like heaven to be flying again.
"I'm not a shamed of who I am unlike you."
Steve had to hold back his glare at the sound of Fury's name. He didn't want to alert Fury just let, because he wanted to talk to Toni first. He wanted to give her time to adjust to being back. "Let wait a few more hours before we do that." He replied.
"About what, Sir?"
She gave him a face. "You should ask him for pointers for Agent Carter"
Seeing that she was, she made her way toward her device, which was locked in a metal chest on the other side of the room. No one, besides Salty, Howard, and herself, knew it was there, and no one else had the key. They all knew it was risky to keep it here, but it was the safest place for it while they were on the move. There was also nowhere else to keep it and it wasn't like Phillips trusted her completely, because he didn't. He trusted that she was telling the truth, but that was it. Toni didn't blame him for it as it was part of the game.
"You have a funny way of saying things."
There was no answer, and it pissed her off even more. She hated sitting in dead silence not doing anything, because there was so much she could be doing. She had to work on her device or she would never get home, though there was no real chance she could get home. She had no idea of how she got to the past, but she needed to figure it out so she could get home before anyone realized who she was. It would be bad if they did. She would hate to see what her father would do if he learned the truth.
Rogers took a step back. "No, Ma'ma, I didn't mean any disrespect. I just wanted to make sure you were okay as no dame should be out here without a coat."
Pepper dropped a different item of clothing into the suitcase, before she stomped to Toni. "I'm done with this, Toni. Do you hear me? I'm done. I can't stand by and watch you kill yourself. My body cannot handle stress. Let the others continue this battle."
"I wasn't trying to get anything out of you, Toni. I was making sure you're okay."
Toni shifted so she could glance up at her savior; it was Rogers, and the sight of him made her heart skip… She blinked. He looked different; he looked smaller. Since when did Captain America look like a shrimp? Was the pain really clouding her vision? She wasn't an idiot; she knew she had a concussion, because she had a hard time keeping her mind focus and her head was bleeding. The blood was a big clue. "R-Rogers," she struggled, "what h-happened to you? Y-you…are s-shrimp."
get along, though that didn't mean she didn't like to get her hands dirty. She was just nothing without her tech, which Clint was going to work on with in the future. Sure, Natasha was training hand to hand combat, but Clint was going step in, as this was
"I am a United States citizen. You don't have the right to do this to me." Toni was pissed. She knew his title give him the right to do whatever he deemed fit, but that didn't mean he can use that authority on her.
Not caring about the stress on her body, she sharply turned up, reaching into the sky. The water fell from her suit, dripping like rain, as she reached into the setting sky. With the darkening rainbow sky, it looked picture perfected.
Somehow, she made it back to her tent without being stopped, but when she got there, she wasn't so lucky. In front of her stood Barnes, who was eyeing her intensely. "Why are you here?" she asked as she played with the wrench in her pocket. There was nothing she wanted to hear from him.
"Let's go," Barnes stated.
After she finished stuffing her things into her bag, Toni zipped it up and set it on the floor. "So you and Rogers, now?" she asked, changing the subject, though she didn't know if that topic was any better than the last.
Nope, I am a horrible writing. Don't look at me. Don't look at me!
Until the next time
Rogers helped her to her feet. "What do you want to talk about, Sark?" he asked as he stepped back.
What Peggy did next completely surprised everyone including Toni who never expected that behavior from Peggy. She picked up a gun and shot at Rogers, who quickly held up the shield to protect himself. The bullets dinged as they hit the floor. "What the holy shit fuck, Sassy?" Toni stated in shock. Did Peggy just shot at her boy toy?
Steve stood up as he didn't want to be sitting if Banner were to attack. He didn't blame the doctor for his anger management skills, because he knew it was hard for him to control the beast. Plus, he had a right to be angry. "I didn't know what I was thinking, but…" He paused so he could breathe and think for a second. "I didn't know what to make of the memories. I had two sets of memories and I don't know what were real. And they are always changing and disappearing." He exhaled slowly as the memory of Toni in a hospital bed filled his mind. "I'm sorry."
"Open your eyes. What do you call that?" Wilson replies, pointing at something.
SO i am sorry, but here you go!
Fury stared at him, confused. "I didn't. Miss Stark wasn't even born in the 1940's. She's Howard Stark's daughter."
Hello!
"I need to explain," he stated as he stepped to her.
"Stay out of my head," he says again. He knows there's no denying it, but he still doesn't want her in his head. He can't have her in his head. Not now, when he's so broken.
"You asking Steve for a nickname for me?" He asked, narrowing his eyes at Steve.
He let out a chuckle. "That's what they say about losers."
"Nothing major that I can tell, but things are changing," he answered as he closed his eyes as if he was in pain. His head hurt when he thought about the past and Toni. There were too many conflicting memories. "I still can't remember anything after her flat-lining." He was sick and tired of that nightmare; he wished he could find out what happened after that. Was she alive? Why couldn't he remember?
"…It's not my fault," she replied slowly, knowing it would be a battle to believe it. Peggy smiled as she turned and stepped away from the muddy circle. She joined Phillips, who has was unlocking the handcuffs.
She was still wearing the black outfit that she had worn when she had snuck into Stark industries. For being in a cell for a few weeks, she didn't look all that bad, but she looked tired and worn out. "Well, it's hard to build an engine or a generator when wearing a skirt. Have you try to bend down while wearing a dress? It's the most awkward thing on the planet!" She paused and thought about her statement. "No, wait. I take that bad. That's the second most awkward thing on the planet. Me trying to play wingman to Steve Rogers is the most awkward thing on the planet." She let out a painful chuckle. "He can't even talk to a woman without breaking out in a cold sweat."
minutes to leave the suit, one of the few places that she felt safe.
Okay, that was cute. Peggy was jealous! "You're jealous!"
, she yelled at herself.
Toni took a deep breath and turned to her device, which she had put back together. After replacing most of the wires, it hadn't take much to get her device back in working order, well back to where she had before. It still bit when she tried to power it. She reached for a small generator on the table and pulled it toward her, thinking whether she should try or not. As it would just spit it back out, it would be stupid to try. She pushed the generator away and grabbed a small wrench. After taking off the metal casing, she pushed the wires out of the way and partly pulled out the motherboard.
Ignoring the Doctor, Howard glared at Phillips. "Let me talk to her. I'll get her to talk."
"Why not? What else do you plan to do?" Howard asked.
"We can talk about what happened with Killian," he countered, he glanced down at her.
He narrowed his eyes at her. "Stark will go over with you with what you need."
"What am I to do?" she asked herself, holding her cold self. Trying to keep herself warm, she kept walking, and every few steps, she would hop. If she could get past her pride, she would try to find a homeless shelter for the night, but she had no idea of where to locate one. There was no internet to Google homeless shelter, but she supposed she couldn't be lazy and use a phone book, which she hadn't used in ages. Did she even remember how to use one? Did they even have payphones?
Toni turned. "Fire Rocket?" she asked, eyeing the solder running toward her. He looked familiar, but she couldn't place him.
He glanced at her before eyeing the door. "If you don't know, then there's no point," he stated as he stepped toward the door.
She almost fell out of bed, dodging Salty's hand, but she kept pulling at the IVs as she had to get out of here. However, she wasn't fast enough for Phillips, who raced to the other side of the bed. "Leave me alone."
Tony nods, not knowing for sure if Laura is Barton's wife. He doesn't remember her name, not that he really cares. "So Barton is a man child? So what does his wife—Lauren, is it? - see in him?"
"Probably not," he answered as he took a seat in the chair across from Steve. "But I will ask again. How are you?"
She wasn't sure what to say to him, as she knew the future. She could tell him to keep trying and that he would make it through, but how could she say that? No sane military recruiter would take Rogers. He had asthma, he was anemia, and there were other countless things wrong with him. However, she didn't want to kill his dream, because he needed his dream. It was the reason why he became Captain America, and this country needed that. "Are you going to keep trying?"
Bruce's expression changed as he looked into her eyes. "Toni, what…happened? Are you okay? "
However, if she had to stare at that fugly tattoo one more time, she was going to kill someone. That
*O*O*
Toni awoke to the overwhelming smell of coffee and bacon, and she couldn't help but groan
"Let's get you back," he replied, as he started to get to his feet, bringing Toni with him. "You're cranky and negative when you're sleepy."
"There's nowhere else I would rather be," he protested, strongly. He inched toward, not liking the distance between them. He had already spent weeks away from her, and he didn't want to waste another second apart of her. He hated those long weeks away from her, hated that she was left to her guilt alone.
Steve turned and watched the nurse called Nancy as she was filing some paper. She glanced up and their eyes met, bringing a blush to his face. She smiled, finding him attractive, as he found her attractive. She was pretty, but she wasn't Toni pretty, who could look pretty in anything. He loved the way Toni looked when she wore a baggy engineering jumper covered in oil with her hair in a messy bun. He loved how happy she got when she was working on something. Nancy's smile couldn't compete with hers. No one's could.
Shaking her head, she tried to gain control of her senses, but she couldn't. The water in the glass was mocking her and she needed to get away. Without a second though, she bolted. She could handle the pain, but that glass was affecting her more. The thought of water on her lips brought her back to that state of being tied down and she couldn't bare that.
Toni held back her snort, because she wasn't sure if she was 'back.' Her nightmare was still on her mind, and she still felt like she was falling to her death. The famous
and he had to protect her. If he had to leave to protect her, he would. It didn't matter if he wanted to take her into his arms and run off. He had to protect her from Rumlow.
"What did I do to make you dislike me so much?" he asked as crossed back to the door. He closed the door with his foot and stood in front of it to block her escape. "I don't remember ever doing anything to piss you off, and even if I did, how can you allow that dislike to control you? It seems like you need this device to work, and I can help with that." He paused and took a deep breath. "Stop being rash and juvenile."
Toni knew what that meant; they wanted to talk about her without her in the room. Normally, she would make a scene and demand they say it in front of her face, but she doubted that would be wise in this situation. "Don't mind me," she waved the two off as she wondered off to the window.
Steve, who hands had left his ears, turned to Pepper, but she wasn't there. She had bolted out of the room, heading toward the lab. "Wait! What's going on? Is Toni in trouble?" He chased after Pepper, and he wasn't alone. Clint and Natasha had followed, knowing something had to be wrong.
"Toni."
This was why she never opened up to anyone, because no matter what, everyone was going to turn on her.
Narrowing his eyes, Rumlow stepped to the stilled Asset. The hair stood up on his arms, as if he expected the Soldier to move and attack. "And the two lover birds? There's no doubt they're going to be a problem. Plus, we aren't finish with Stark yet, though it is only a matter of time before she breaks."
"As they are not a weapon, it would make sense a weapons expert would not know anything about them," Toni stated, narrowing her eyes at him.
"Are you okay?"
Toni had felt that something was off with Sassy, but now, she knew something was off. Carter wasn't like this. She didn't talk like this to Toni. "I would've punched them all in the face." She flexed her arm.
"They might, but I need to look at them." Bruce eyed the alcohol in Steve's hand. "So how are you functioning?" He asked again. "Is it wise for you to go on these assignments?"
"Toni."
Howard stared at her as he tried to read her. "So what did I do?"
Toni eyed his hand on her shoulder. "I'm fine," she said through her teeth. Seeing, hearing him like this reminded her of the times before her mother's death.
Right now, he was willing to risk it all and he didn't know why. He had no idea why he was pissed, deadly pissed at the thought her being hurt, but he was. Someone had fired on his Brunette—her own damn fault, but that didn't matter to him-, and now, she was missing. For that, the Asset would kill, and he wouldn't let his handlers stop him. He also wouldn't stop until he found the Brunette, because there was a good chance that she was in trouble….
"O-oh, shit…Don't think my insurance covers that," he says, his voice cracking. It hurt to talk…well to do anything.
Jim was doing the best Friend title proud as he was giving the genius the once over…many times over. "Listen, War Machine was a little too aggressive, alright? This sends a better message," he said, slowly. There was a hint of annoyance in his voice as he eyed her. "Where's Rogers?" he asked, staring at her. His tone was surprising flat.
Peggy let out a sigh as she got up to follow Toni. "Talk to me. Tell me what's going on."
Anyhow, I hope you liked this Chapter.
Her eye twitched at the word miss. She wasn't sure why she was peeved at being called a miss, but it angered her. "I'm fine," she stated as she wiped herself off. She looked up at the large man with a huge mustache. He was a good few feet taller than she.
She didn't know how she could ever trust them—SHIELD spies, probably reporting everything to the pirate. However, Sharon was offering a life line, and considering everything, Toni didn't want to reject her out of hand. Plus, if Sharon was offering, Toni must look like shit. "You better be talking about the original ones. That is my favorite." She took a deep sigh. "Not, the new movies. Don't get me started on them."
"In my DNA," she said with a smirk.
"Lady!" she heard him call for her, and she could heard more than one voice, but she didn't have time to think about who else it could have been as she had blacked out.
He crawled into the bed, and without undoing the covers, he laid down, but he didn't close his eyes. Rather, he just stared off as he thought. He really wanted-no, needed to sleep, but it wouldn't come to him and he had no idea of how to get himself to sleep.
I Hope you enjoyed this chapter. This chapter was hard for me, because I wanted to show how Toni's nightmares had been getting to her, but at the same time, I didn't want her to be weak. I am not sure if I passed that in this time.
"Did you finally give up?" Barnes' voice was ice cold as he crossed to the fallen genius. Stopping a few feet from her, Barnes lowed himself down to her eye level. His stare was as cold as the arctic, and there was no ounce of kindness in those eyes. The Bucky that she knew was gone.
*O*O*
Toni glanced toward her father, who had just finished connecting the cube and was typing away. She eyed him for a second before turning to Peggy and Phillips, who were a safe distance away. Peggy's eyes were drilling into her as Phillips nodded at her. Even if she couldn't read his mind, she knew what he was saying.
has only been played twice since the formation of movie night."
"I think she's growing on you," Salty countered. "I also think you're going on her, which I thought I would never see."
Tony almost runs into the door as he slides the rest of the way down the hallway and into the medical bay. If it isn't for the auto sliding doors, he would've ran right into the glass doors. However, that wouldn't have mattered to him as he is focused on finding Rogers and Barnes. He needs to see them, and he needs to check them out for himself.
She jumped almost two feet into the air. "Holy shit fuck," she cursed as she turned to the person who called her name. Barnes, who stood a few feet away, looked like a lost puppy that needed a home and the look he was giving her felt like he was asking her for a home. "Barnes, this is not how you get a nickname."
