“The little boy gave it to me” Johnuin smiled, “he said it would help me find my way home.”
The sound itself made Johnuin take a step back in fear, “D-dragons aren't real…they don't exist…”
John sat down in the opposite chair and dove into his frankfurters and beans while Sherlock stared blankly at his baked potato and corn on the cob.
“...pleasure to meet you both.”
, so instead he went straight the the kitchen and filled the kettle with water for tea. By the time he poured the water into two cups and measured out the right amount of milk and sugar in each; setting them on a tray and balanced it with one hand to their sitting room, Sherlock had sat himself at their table, reading through several stacks of notes.
John noticed the door at the top step ajar and he was tempted to just open it but resorted to knocking instead. No answer.
" John's tone grew impatient.
“You’re right, you'd still be a little arse without mums intervention,” a voice joked from behind them.
The tall, dark and handsome stranger gripped it in acceptance and strode to the floor grabbing the prince’s hand within his own and lowering the other to his waist, “It looked like you needed a reason for escape.”
"John what is it that your staring at?" Sherlock grinned, knowing very well what the good doctor was indeed doing, but stepped over and joined him on the bench. "Now, what shall we play?"
“Ruddy bastard...” Greg breathed.
John went back to work at he other man's neck once again, as he fumbled with his hands to release his lover from the confines of his pants. Once he made contact with the heated flesh, Sherlock arched up and let out another moan. John couldn't take the sounds, each one headed straight to his groin.
“Don't,” Sherlock spat and turned to his brother, “I've got it under control.”
“I don't make deals.”
Sherlock flashed a sarcastic grin before looking past the other boy's head to spot Moran, Jim and Irene approaching. “Looks like you brought the whole committee” he drawled.
John decided then to take the seat across from him and set the textbook down before walking over and standing at the cue.
John carefully leaned the the wrapped parcel on the doorframe and outreached his hand to Sherlock. "Thank you."
Sherlock took the time to examine the peeling paint on the doorframe and going over through his mind palace before coming to the full conclusion that this must be John Watson's home. He wasn't wrong. Couldn't be. For a matter of fact he-
John's mind blanked completely when they broke apart and let out a whimper from the loss of contact. It took a moment before he realized that he was now being dragged - carefully - to the man's bedroom, door being firmly shut behind, and backed onto the bed.
“Well yeah…you don't think so?”
The little boy shifted the bow on his back - making the dragon’s eyes notice the steel point arrows - before extending a hand, “I'm Johnuin.”
"I thought I told you it wasn't poison." He sneered and John just shrugged.
"No! I'm not! Why don't you drink up your own concoction's one of these days and see how you turn out! Hm?"
To distract himself from thinking it was a good idea, John headed outside to get a bit of work around the gazebo done before the rain. Taking a peek at the sky above, grey clouds were already starting he threaten the blue. John sighed, scratching at a flake of dried paint that was already starting to peel.
“Must be well off then,” Greg voiced, managing to finally walk in stride with the slightly taller boy, “Wouldn't be sharing that information to just anyone though. Jim’s a right prick and goes collecting money from us unlucky blokes. If he hears you’re rolling in notes, lord knows he’ll be on you to donate as well.”
Sherlock remained silent, nodding slowly as his eyes darted around the room uncomfortably.
"Nice weather we're having." The older man chuckled, taking a look out the window with a smile.
Ping.
"A pleasure to meet you, Dr. Watson. Please, follow me to your seat."
“Precisely. The one thing that makes me wonder, however, is why you haven't tried to clear your name in the first place.”
Jacob swallowed hard and his heart rate picked up. He was getting very nervous and fear gripped him, causing his hand to latch tightly on his mobile and his face go completely pale. Before he had any time to answer, there was a click on the line and dial tone started up.
His heart was going crazy, just as his brain was replaying everything that had happened. Did he do the right thing by abandoning his brother? Was fate leading him to save Johnuin by being there? What would have happened had he not been spotted by Moriarty, let alone gone to the human party at all?
John carefully went to the wrapped object and proceeded to remove the pillowcase. He removed a layer of newspaper then to expose a beautiful piece of artwork. A grand piano. The piece in itself was created with such detail that it displayed the delicate musical piece in the centre of a spotlight. It was one of the very few things John owned that he could say he was proud of. Coming up with his own money to commission it, he was very reluctant to ever sell it, and so it was his most guarded possession.
Sherlock’s hands reflexively balled into fists at his side and was about to take a step toward this waste of a man before John had stepped in front of him.
John shot up to his feet, reaching for his hat once again and taking a bow "My Lord, I was not aware that it was you. I thought An-"
“Let me think!” Sherlock retorted, steepling his fingers under his chin and closing his eyes, “And don't even think about moving an inch” he growled.
“So you’re suggesting I apologise to him.”
“I can see that.” Mycroft sighed as he got up from his seat and walked to the door, “I worry about you, you know. Constantly.”
John's eyes shot open and his arm immediately began to ache. He felt sheets entangled around his body and he shivered from his sweat drenched nightshirt. His heart picked up speed while his mind worked a mile a minute tying to decipher just exactly where he was.
. He thought, hobbling along the busy walkway,
Sherlock heard Irene laugh behind him and Wilkes snicker beside her. He heard Moriarty count each and every locker number as they passed and felt the grip of Moran tighten. The next time his brother would see him, Mycroft would for sure be calling the school to have each and every one of them expelled.
Enjoy!
“I never got your n-“
"Done by the same pers-" Sherlock paused, eyes focusing no where in particular, "Of course...." he hummed and paced the office with his hands rested at the side of his face in concentration. Both John and Greg watched him silently until the musicians head shot up and eyes widened, "Oh! That's it! Oh, he's clever. Very,
A voice he wasn't expecting, but at the same time needed to hear, was none other than John Watson. The boy who barely had to say a word and just give a look; here to save him again.
"Mr. Watson, I warn you that this is against the house rules. Mr. Lestrade will not be pleased."
John stared at the outreached peace offering and then back up to Mycroft's eyes.
"Hello, dear" she smiled, as Sherlock brushed past her without even batting an eye.
Sherlock let out a loud sigh once he reached the hallway, closing the door behind him. It was worth the hassle he kept telling himself, trying to convince his own conscience that he didn't just put the life of his husband at risk. It was over now, the deed was done.
He started playing a simple melody, one which he learned at a young age before he experimented and produced some of his own.
She nodded and silently walked down the hallway, leaving Sherlock to turn and take in the sight of the room behind. The tea was already seeping into the grooves of the wood - and taking a closer look - the broken china scattered farther than expected. He took no time whatsoever to slowly make his way to the small, shaking form on the floor. He gently placed a hand on his friends shoulder, but the doctor did not budge. "John. John. John, please!"
"Mhm, can't do proper work if your hands are all cut up from the rose garden, now can you?"
"Mr. Watson, what is the meaning of this?" A tinge of anger was present in Lestrade's tone.
“Whatcha mean, love? Of course this is a good idea! We're finally engaged and now I have a damn good reason for you to meet my whole family.”
A sinking feeling and bud of doubt nestled itself in the back of his mind. What if it wasn't flirting, what if John was misinterpreting their little run-ins. Most importantly, what if it was a little fling and his feelings wouldn't be reciprocated.
“Don't” The taller boy ordered, keeping direct eye contact with the ringleader.
Which is how they eventually ended up at Sherlock's house.
Rosie was flowing gracefully about the kitchen, collecting food storage containers while Jacob was finishing up the risotto and chopping onions. “Is this a good idea, Hun?” he asked skeptically, hoping to not sound rude in her ears.
“Oh no!” The little golden child cursed, getting up from his spot in the dirt and brushing at his trousers, “That's my mum calling me.”
“It won't be a loss.”
The both of them started to become closer, most evenings just spent talking or stealing kisses by the fire, and Sherlock wouldn't dare push for any information on John's past. It was one thing John was grateful for, but at the same time he wanted Sherlock to know. They were lovers - of sorts - he decided, and both should know the worst of each other.
“Shut up!”
Sherlock flapped his hand in the direction of the stairs and tisked, “She’ll probably be another hour. Do not concern yourself with the goings on of my daughter and her routinely schedule.”
He felt the cool metal on his cheek before being slammed against it.
“This one was different-“ Sherlock froze, cursing his tongue for it's awful timing to spill the truth. He had met his first human; a child like himself. Before he had time to take it back, Mycroft’s eyes held fire and Sherlock had ducked just in time to avoid getting burned from the sudden burst.
His life was depending on it.
Sherlock caught on and sent another face the doctors way, causing John's Adam's Apple to bob in discomfort. "It's quite catchy." He squeaked, folding his hands together in resignation.
His voice was deep and baritone that John could admit he did find rather attractive. Making sure to give proper introduction once again, he proceeded to do a small bow with a smile.
John's fists clenched tightly around his cup and Sherlock perked up at his name,"That was you?" he spat.
The minutes passed by so quickly before Braddock re-appeared at the steps of the gazebo. "Thank you for covering, sir." He smiled and accepted the bucket happily with an outreached hand. John instructed him on the next several tasks before hoisting up the flower bags and returning them to the shed.
“Compliment?! You gunna say that
The car stopped, and the driver looked back at him, face lined with 'unimpressed' as he examined the plastic cover dividing the driver and subject. Without saying a word he sighed and got out of the vehicle, trekking over to John's side of the car, and opening the door. "We have arrived" he mumbled.
John stopped rummaging and shot him an amused look, “What is this the bloody 18th century? '
Jim's eyes flared and his jaw clenched. Sherlock could guess that he reached the end of the line with them, now that John wasn't bothering to protect him anymore. He felt the hit to the face before even seeing it, then the knee to the ribs. Sherlock's vision blacked out for a bit before realizing that he was being dragged by his shoulders down the empty hallway.
The sitting room had already split off into groups. The judging men at one end of the room on the comfy chairs by the fire, and the group of women all seated down on and around the sofa. Jake carried his glass of half-finished whiskey to the latter.
"My brother works within the government. And when I say 'in' I mean is." John chuckled which made Sherlock grin. "He made sure to keep me far away from any battleground. Something about, 'for the sake of our parents'." He responded, adding a sarcastic ring at the last statement. "Besides, why would I want to be part of a pointless war?"
"Have you come for me too?" John joked, waving a hand at the young man who's eyes widened instantly.
"Right. Best we get started then."
The driver cleared his throat and looked straight ahead once again, blinking in response. "Are you bloody mute now that you can't answer me?!" John's voice grew with anger.
“I hate to interrupt, but I was wondering if his majesty would care to dance.”
, meaning: bond-mate."
His face heated instantly and he would reach to loosen the collar of his shirt if he wasn't so worried about what meaning it could imply.
Jacob managed a breath of relief after barely suffering another minor heart attack today.
"Bit not good right now." John mumbled and paled at the hardened look he received from his flatmate.
~~~~~
Sherlock stalked over and glowered at his brother, "I need to know right now if it will work, Mycroft."
"Ready?" Greg called out, eyebrows slightly knitted and a very small and warm smile on his face.
Jake opened his mouth but nothing came out.
“Where are you going, mummy?”
The pub itself was not very large; appearing quite smaller as rows of tables were scattered across its wooden floor. Looking around, in an attempt to calm his breathing, he was quite shocked about how done up the place was. Usually the pub's he went to were older, quieter and a lot messier; consisting of crowds of sloppy, slurring men and - if he was lucky - several dust bunnies floating at the bottom of his pint. This one, however, was laced with poshy attire and had a warm atmosphere with a new style of music gracing its way in amongst the chatter.
“What a wanker he is. You ok, mate?”
"But John I might get in trouble, I'm not to seek out his Lordship unless summoned. Why not ask Mr. Lestrade to do it?"
“Surprise” Jim was the first to talk in the group, walking up to them and putting a hand on Wilkes’s shoulder so he backed out of the way. “We both know that this has been going on too long ‘Lockie, I want my money and I want it now.”
Sherlock leaned back in his stool and eyed John with knit brows, "I though that was quite obvious..."
John gave up. Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, had given up. What has his world come to.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
"Please, Molly. I'll owe you big time, I swear."
This couldn't be it….could it? John Watson’s house…? But then Sherlock took in the rough look of it, marked out the chipping paint on the front door and the loose hinges on the window doors to realize that this, in fact, was where his doctor-to-be resided.
John woke up to an unfamiliar environment with a smell that was, however, quite familiar; consisting of a bit of honey. It took him a minute to register that it was a bed in fact he was lying on and was stripped down to his white cotton undershirt. His head ached and he groaned in an attempt to hoist himself and lean against the headboard of the bed he was currently occupying. Footsteps from the doorway beside him made him snap his head to the figure that hovered there silently. John instinctively reached under the pillow to search for his Browning but was faced with the cruel reality that this was, indeed, not his room.
"Greg please this is urgent, my comrade has just been found murdered this morning!"
Sherlock blinked, speechless, and John's face lit up with a toothy grin. "That was amazing, no police or inspector would ever consult amateurs. And you," he pointed "are anything but."
“He's not my ‘puppy’.” Sherlock shot back, already feeling his fists clenching. They were outnumbered, he knew, and he wanted to avoid as much physical contact as he could, being the slim, tall and ‘nerdy’ type that got him made fun of at his last school. But he knew, even now, than to let people get under his skin. His brother had taught him that.
It had been several hours and John still lay on the cool ground, motionless with eyes rimmed in red. His mind toyed with him then, relaying words through his ears as his lips mouthed over them.
She nodded into his shoulder before releasing and grabbing several bags of food, “Where do you want these?”
"The killer, John! He plans to attack again, can't you see?! It's a list, he's taking them out one by one...but when...and who's next. Oh this is exciting!"
"This is John Watson, my Lord, he will be replacing Mr. Briggs as head gardener."
“That's a new shiner,” Greg pointed out the colouring bruise and small cut, “Did ‘you-know-who’ give it to ya?”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mr. Lestrade" he greeted with a smile.
Sherlock's human hands clenched at his sides.
Sherlock looked unaffected by the words and continued looking at him, hands steepled below his chin as his arms rested on the table.
“Mycroft, I'm not going out in public dressed like a wizard from the Seven Isles! I'll wear what I initially picked, or stay in this cave for eternity, as you so graciously put it before.”
Clearing his throat, he aimed to change the subject. "Will that be all, my Lord?"
"Oh. I see how it is then." John stood up and puffed out his chest, snatching up the papers before him and strode to the door, trying to build up any of the confidence from this mornings interlude. The pain in his leg throbbed annoyingly, but John pushed it to the other side of his brain.
And just like that, the world unfolded right before Johnuin's eyes. It was almost as if someone had snapped a branch beneath their feet at how quickly and unexpectedly he was shoved to the side by a surging force. His head hit the tile as the mask flew off his face, a whiteness clouding his eyes and blinding his vision for just a moment.
The man eyed him once again, looking somewhat confused. John grabbed at his cane and slowly pushed toward him, stopping at a civil distance and reaching out his hand. "My name is J-John Watson."
“Were dragons nice, mum?”
John's heart sped up at the mention of his name coming from the mans lips.
“I feel like I belong in your rubbish bin” John mumbled, thumbs twirling in discomfort.
"It's a two."
Sherlock turned back to John Watson who was still ignoring the bustling world around him, “Why don't they go after Watson?”
"Oh, Sherlock...you
"What do you mean?"
Jacob’s heart sank.
John stayed still while gently giving little licks to the flat of Sherlock's palm before looking up at him. It was odd for an animal such as this to have anything else other then beady black eyes, but this wasn't just any old hedgehog. This was John, and John had deep blue bulging eyes that made Sherlock's heart sink.
John zipped up his bookbag and shook his head in disbelief. He hoisted it on his shoulders and forcefully grabbed the lapels of Sherlock's uniform shirt, “It's just my luck that I ended up trusting a snob like
He smelled the food even before hearing the voices or flutes playing their ancient music as he neared their camp. He rests Johnuin down once again, promising his swift return with a nuzzle to the humans head before running to the glowing lights in the distance.
. "Oh, damn!" John rushed to grab his hat and jacket after placing the plate of biscuits down on the tray and chugging down the now, cold tea. "I'm sorry for cutting this conversation short...Mr. Holmes, was it?"
"Y-yes...well....yes..."
Season 4 is just days away, how's everyone faring? Tbh, I'm dying by all this content they have given us these past couple days. Super excited but hey, enjoy another chapter while you wait <3
“My lady, it's getting too dark to traverse the forest, we must head back now!”
John slowly lifted his head, strays of golden and greying hair wandering away from their forced place, now cast across his forehead. He blinked several times to ward off the tears blurring his vision before bringing his attention to the other man. The bruise now began to make itself known as its purple hue stood out against the pale flesh. John carefully raised his finger to brush the short path before letting his arm fall to the ground with a loud thump. "I hurt you again....I
Sherlock took a step forward, still keeping distance, but wanting to be closer. "John, I want to really get to know you. To see the real you and be with that person. I think about you more than I care to admit, but I would have it no other way. I care for you, John Watson, and if the work is still what you wish then you can have it."
"No." he heard, and eyes shot to the stubborn man with arms folded over his chest. "Who are you, and where am I?"
As a response, John cheekily rolled on his back and flailed his arms and legs, grabbing his husbands attention and earning a hand fed meal.
...."
"Fine. Fine."
Lovely artwork done by @jim.moriarty.moran on Instagram
"Obvious? Really, Sherlock? I'm supposed to
“Dr. Watson, please!” Jake cried, finally regaining his voice and running toward the plush red seat to duck and cover.
"Stop." John said, sprawling his fingers along several keys to create a disturbed sound.
"Give your body time to heal, Watson. C'mon, even a grumpy doctor such as yourself knows how the body works."
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated <3
The doctor chuckled and bowed his head in thanks, "Ta, but this isn't just my achievement, let's get back to the case at hand."
The store was blocked off by several bobbies and crowds of people, huddled at the entrance. As the cab pulled up just one block down, John felt immediately out of place. To his left, Sherlock was practically bouncing in his seat ready to bound out that door and go do some crime investigation. When he caught John's eye staring however, his demeanour hardened, and the same unreadable face he always wore plastered itself, like a mask, on it.
Sherlock was stunned and speechless, standing still with his mouth agape in shock.
John laughed, waving his hands in front, "Its no problem Molly, in fact, you were just the person I wanted to see."
Mycroft sighed heavily, turning onto the main road once again and in the direction of their home. “Are you going to bother telling me
“Then enlighten us,” Sherlock spat.
The small parchment that was held in the other man's grip. John blanched at the sight and his stomach rolled in regret. "Nice day." He croaked, pulling at the sleeves of his brown coat.
John..."
"Ugh."
“Has it always been like this for you?” John asked, eyes now glued to the steaming mug.
John frowned again and then went back to his food. “I must admit - you got bullocks, Cheekbones. Standing up as long as you have to Jim and his lot.”
“I'm fine,
"Promise?"
…IF I do this you'll leave me alone?”
“Just what I said, Sherlock. We cannot interfere again, knowing what happened last time when mother and father got involved. Sentiment.”
John set his bags of pulled flowers down and peeled his gloves off, throwing them on top. He grabbed the bucket and brush and stared to scrub where his young worker had left off. He couldn't even tell that someone had approached behind him until he heard the sound of light boots on wood. It must have been Anderson, John suspected, "Finished your work already, man? There's more work..." he went to look over his shoulder and then froze. Standing regally and in new flattering attire, stood Lord Holmes, hands plastered on his hips and his head cocked slightly to the side.
Sherlock, this time, didn't miss the annoyed look that flashed over the other boys face before closing them again.
“Charlie is working on it!” Jake protested, sitting up straighter in his seat and puffing out his chest, “How long is Rosie going to be?” He was already starting to get angry from the creepy, all-knowing bloke that dug too deep in his life. Rosie had insisted that he meet her parents now that they were officially dating and he found no complaint - willingly offering to pick her up before going out on their date night.
As Jake watched the taller, intimidating man saunter off to the kitchen, John took the seat across and rubbed his hands together before clearing his throat. “So about how long now?”
“That's not the point, Sherlock!”
Mycroft was definitely not lying when he told Sherlock about testing gene splicing. Of course. All that government testing and giving Sherlock the-
"My god, I knew you'd make it!" A warm hand clapped against John's shoulder and he jumped a bit at the contact.
"I-I can't..."
“Thanks for saving my honour, love” John reached a hand to grab onto his husband all the while Jacob did the same to Rosie.
Johnuin smiled at himself through the large mirror in his dressing room; admiring the precise stitching of the decorated sun on his breast - before a small, pale object caught his eye. The grin on his mouth faltered as he stared at it's reflection before turning around and walking toward it.
Just as he padded to the door and held an ear against it, he heard the soft sounds of John's snoring flooding through. Excellent. He gently pushed it open, slowly walking toward John's side of the bed and lifted the sheet slightly so that his left arm was exposed. Sherlock absently took John's pulse from his wrist, storing the data in his mind palace for later, and then brushed a hand through his fringe for comfort.
"Part time. I play and compose music full time with this recreational activity on the side."
“Wait!”Sherlock called after him, “I don't have any friends - I've just got one!”
It was amazing, it was fantastic, it was....perfect.
When he would bring in stacks of logs with his crew for the fires around the house, Molly would always politely ask if they could carry them up and set them in the fireplaces. Of course, only the rooms that his Lordship would occupy for days on end. His study, the library, and his quarters - which John never had the opportunity to sneak a peak in, as Davis was always the one to deliver them.
"I see you've decided to take a break in my office, Mr. Watson."
"Trust issues I see. Still thinking I am a spy. Dr. Watson? A bit childish don't you think? Making up fantasies and situations in your head."
Sherlock nodded and looked back to John, who's attention was now drawn to the child. He squirmed and shouted in an attempt to break from his husbands grasp.
Sherlock's attention was brought down to John who was still secured in his hand. "John I-"
"Well I, um, best go follow him." John cut in and went on his way.
"Me. Lestrade I require to go to town." John spoke up, not faltering. He had to admit that his smaller stature always left him feeling a little intimidated when dealing with those who were taller, but it did not cause him to back down at all. John was short, he would admit it, but he was strong and built, not even remotely close to ever back down.
She shook her head softly in response and dusted down her dress, "He's not normally like that, Dr. Watson. Just seems to be in a little tuff this morning is all."
It was now John's turned to be shocked out of words and then tried to revoke. "W-what are you implying?"
Without another word, Sherlock climbed out of the car and walked in long strides to the crowded building. John cursed under his breath while he tried to keep up with his companion. He nearly tripped several times on uneven stone but set to right himself straight away. When he managed to reach and forcefully push himself through the closed mass of people, he was stopped by one of the bobbies manning the front entrance.
He felt lighter, as if the clouds themselves offered their weightlessness to his wounded body. He grinned to himself; thoughts of his meeting and talk with the violinist from upstairs replaying in his head.
Stamford grinned, "Not like John to ignore my texts and bail out on me for a drink without letting me know."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Not just any invitation! Take a look!" she held it out toward him and scooted her chair closer into the table to witness his expression.
“Take this. It'll help you find your way home.”
Sherlock was ducked down over a body, magnifying glass in hand and eyes scanning rapidly over the decapitated and deformed corpse. John stood in the doorway still feeling out of place as Lestrade brushed passed him. "You might want to remove your jacket, Dr. Watson" he chided and hovered over the enamoured detective.
Sherlock hummed in response, shuffling through his maths textbook and pulling out a blank sheet of paper.
“Oh Johnuin! My sweet, sweet child you are safe!”
(See the end of the chapter for
That evening alone cemented the fear that Jacob had for those two men. After he had left, shaking the hands of both of them while they had remained freakishly quiet, he had already planned on proposing that night.
Sherlock sighed, twirling his fork in the pasta with a pout, "Angelo, the head chef here, always insists on supplying me with large portions."
"So," - John breaking the quiet streak - "any reason why we're here?" Sherlock gave him a questionable glance and he continued "Because we could have gone anywhere, someplace quite cheaper, in fact, but here we are."
It was also over way too soon.
“M-Mr. Holmes is that you? What's going on?! I would never brainwash your daughter, let alone
“Dad, what are you doing?” Asked Rosie.
They were wet balls of fluff that repeatedly couldn't keep their hands off of each other now that John was human again. Mycroft just stood in the doorway, leaning on his umbrella with a small grin. "Welcome back, Doctor Watson-Holmes. You have been missed."
John was dumbfounded. Did Sherlock just willingly ask him for dinner? "O-o...ok?"
"I'm sorry, have you suddenly changed your name?"
John leaned over with just enough distance to narrow in on the one name that was outlined and circles repeatedly.
"It was clearly chopped right off, could have been an axe."
"He's with me."
"T-the painting. M-my painting.." he murmured, hands flexing uncontrollably.
"Just tell me what to do..." he cried, wiping vigorously at his eyes. It was useless to ask a question of John, since he couldn't respond, but talking helped him feel a slight bit of relief when he knew he was understood.
"Wait a minute, I thought you said we were going for lunch."
"Sherlock? What are you doing here?" He quickly grabbed the sheets of paper and tucked them back in his coat pocket.
“Minor details, Mycroft. But he got away, and you've blown every inch of anonymity I had.”
"Ugh, never mind then."
Wilkes didn't like the comment, smile faltering slightly before turning his head to nod at someone and physically blocking the other boys' path, “Where ya headed?”
“What's wrong, Lestrade?”
Sherlock's eyes shot to John but he remained silent.
"How the bloody hell does he know Greg?" He questioned aloud. Several strangers turned to look at him.
“So what are you planning to do?” Sherlock asked, not even trying to hide the bitterness in his voice.
"Excuse me?"
"J-John. Thank you."
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
Sherlock took a breath, completely forgetting the short boy was still behind him before he heard that very voice clear itself. “I’ll say it again - since your brain is too thick to even register - WHAT are you doing here? Or better yet, how did you find where I lived.”
“For covering me back there. Again.”
When he took his break, John snuck a sheet of paper and a pen from Lestrade's table in the dining room, and set to write a little poem. Once done, he folded the paper several times into a little square with a tiny opening, and placed the little purple flower in it. He was just about to set out and find his favourite maid, when Molly walked right into him.
“John I don't know what I did but I'm sorry!”
He was a rather short man, grey hair hidden within strands of dark brown. His deep brown eyes were red-rimmed and he reeked of whiskey.
Sherlock let his arms fall to his sides but the need to have John back was pestering him and he wanted to comfort him if nothing else, “John-"
Sherlock eyed him for several seconds - face unreadable but yet a hint of sadness marked on it - before he straightened up and fled from the room without a word, slamming his bedroom door shut. John jumped at the sound and then got up to close the bathroom door and his body felt limbless and numb as he sank down to the tiled floor.
A longer chapter! Weeeee
Sherlock couldn't help but smile this time, “Yeah.”
"So what is it then?" John harrumphed, eyes still glued to the empty chair in front.
I know of you."
"Oh no," he chuckled "heaven knows I can't afford one of those."
Knowing better, Sherlock set his husband down and watched as John carefully marched over to the edge of the bench, walking along the plank carefully so not to fall off.
It couldn't be….could it?
Yela was in the hall speaking to one of the castle staff when she saw a head of gold make its way in her direction - stopping to stand right in front. Johnuin had a big smile on his face when his mother pulled him into a big hug and planted a million kisses on his head.
"I think you've had enough of that. You're up anyways." The man went behind John and began pushing him toward the stage.
A shrill rose up from the crowd and Johnuin had to blink before realizing his dancing partner was no longer in his clutch, but halfway across the room on his back; a line parted through the sea of people.
Sherlock biked home feeling lighter than ever now that his plan was successful. The first thing he would do would be to let a Lestrade know how it went. Pulling up to his posh looking home, Sherlock discarded his bike on the front lawn and ran to the front door, pulling it open with a large grin until it fell from the figure who now stood before him.
” Moran laughed and ruffled the greying hairs after spitting in his hand. Jim just chuckled at the event and turned on his heel toward the doors, “I won't forget this, Holmes” he called back over his shoulder, “I owe you a fall.”
"It's poison, isn't it?" John stared into the mug that was placed in his hands as he lounged on his red plush seat. Sherlock didn't even blink, selecting the leather seat across to fold his legs on.
Jake was shocked and couldn't really believe what he was seeing when Sherlock handed John a folder of papers which earned him looks each time that they looked up from it. “W-what is that?” He asked, shifting closer in his seat.
“It was a compliment” Mycroft interjected.
John sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose, "Yes I can see that. I mean, what is all of it?"
“How did you…-“
"I thought you would like it..."
"John, I am fine-"
"We're going to get through this, John" Sherlock whispered, gently petting and caressing the ball of prickles, "Just the two of us...against the rest of the world."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock watched his retreating frame leave the lunchroom and then turned his head to be greeted by Lestrade, eyes bugged out and mouth agape.
John flipped through it, scanning the items quickly before deciding on then veal parmesan and joined the menu with Sherlock's. "I think I'll go with the veal."
& some angst. I'm sorry.
"I....uh....yes, I suppose so, my Lord..." he wanted to add:
Standing up and brushing his trousers free of dirt, Sherlock marched over and stuck his hand out in an offering. John just glanced at it and turned around, not even bothering to pay any mind.
Hopefully not such a large gap for the next chapter, but we'll see how it goes :P
There was silence between them for a short time. It was a silence that didn't feel awkward or deafening, but one that they both needed. Sherlock took a breath, “You're a good person, John Watson, a good friend. Don't you forget that.”
"Pen!" Sherlock shouted, outreaching his hand toward John. Greg went to make a move toward their table but Sherlock sent him a scowl, causing him to freeze on the spot. "I said,
John sucked in a breath, choking on his wine and coughed violently before recovering and patting his mouth roughly with the serviette. He felt his flat mates eyes on his face and he looked up to match their gaze; cheeks blushed a bright red. John cleared his throat, "J-just like me then...u-unattached. G-good. That's good."
Turning around a familiar smile and pair of glasses met his eyes. "Mike," he breathed, relieved at the sight of a friend amongst the strangers. John cleared his throat, attempting to regain some composure.
“Seems nice.” John grinned.
He had read everything on: how to clean them properly, how to potty train a hedgehog and what to feed them. His mind palace had even stored the information right next to the apex of John Watson that had taken up most of the space. When he was done, and his eyes threatened to close permanently, Sherlock scooted further down the couch and allowed sleep to consume him.
"The landlady. This was my husbands last investment and our home as a matter of fact. I'm just on the first floor here if you need me."
"I-I would like to do it, sir."
Happy Update Wednesday!
Stuck solely in a cave for the past twelve years really put things in perspective for the young dragonling. Days were either spent on experiments, sulking or both. Either way, Sherlock kept his journal up to date and even circled one event in particular that changed his whole outlook on the world which he lived in. Days were long, nights...even longer.
"Apology accepted!"
He leaned back in his chair and placed the sheet down in front. "I would honestly consider your offer, Mr. Holmes. But as it seems - in about 42 hours-" rolling up his sleeve he checked his watch, "I will be evicted from my home, and out onto the streets. Any job retaining to that of the arts is not in my pay range." He took a final sip from his tea, " and anything dealing with medical is out of my considerations for now." He placed the cup down and reached for his cane, lifting himself from the chair carefully. "I bid you a good afternoon, Mr. Holmes" he bowed his head, fingers tipping the edge of his cap as he proceeded for the door.
Jacob finally managed to find his legs and pushed himself up, using the comfy chair beside him for leverage. “I-I am.”
(See the end of the chapter for
o cmon u bloody sign urself after putting dots?? Rlly??
There was a hollow snort on the line, “You used
“Don't be ridiculous, John. That's hardly comfortable” Sherlock grinned, ears picking up the huff of laughter from the other boy.
Greg perked up beside him and shot up from his seat, “Want anything?”
He will save Johnuin. Even if it kills him.
"You seem surprised," Molly's grin faltered and her brows knit on her kind face, "did you not get one?"
"It was nice to finally meet the 'fiddler' from upstairs." He grinned and saw one side of Sherlock's mouth turn up.
It took a moment to realize what the pamphlet actually said but as it fully processed, John seized up; right hand reflexively tensing. "I-I haven't played in a long time...."
Johnuin startled when he felt hands grab at his shoulders. He groaned as Yela was starting to pull him to his feet when the black dragon - Moriarty - lunged and knocked into the stone walls of the ballroom, Sherlock just managing to dodge out of the way.
Sherlock had always dreaded this particular hallway on the way to the library. Barely any teachers passed through it so almost any and every bully could get away with one thing or another.
“I assume you’re feeling adequate?”
“And you're not an idiot,” John mumbled, a fond smile on his lips that caused Sherlock's heartbeat to pick up. Fond. Sherlock shook his head at the idea.
"Sherlock, please. Leave this childlike behaviour at home."
“Don't mind Jim, he's just a twat.”
“Oi! That's my book!” John called out, anger seeping more into his voice. Sherlock noted the tremor in his left hand go off again, watching as John flexed his fingers before reaching into his bag. “I thought I grabbed it….” His voice trailed off when he pulled the white hardcover he thought was his own until turning it around. Instead of his own text, there was an English one in its place.
"We must give them a flame back, mummy?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Both John and Lestrade were missing from class and trying to stay absorbed in his violin and mind palace seemed to be difficult knowing that the bloody piece of pink gum was still plastered in his hair. Sherlock all but droned Mrs. Hudson out while she blabbered on about one thing or another and soon after the class was dismissed, the lunch break began.
She stuffed to parcel in her bag and turned to the packed up food, organizing it all with a list in hand. “Oh, well my uncle insisted he pick us up.”
John couldn't help but stop the grin forming on his face at the adorable sight. "What is it?"
A snort from the man across the table had John fighting off a pleased grin as he threw daggers from his eyes. Mycroft smiled tightly "Charmed," he added before turning to his brother, "It has come to my attention that a certain
Back to the story!
was a compliment for Jake?”
Doctor Watson nodded slowly. “If you’re sure. Can I walk you back to your dorm?”
John frowned. “She is? Did she say something to you?”
John sat back. “You can move as you like, now.” He murmured to Sherlock. He watched admiringly as Sherlock writhed and bucked, clenching and spasming around the toy as he moaned helplessly.
Shifting closer to Sherlock’s head, he shifted the blindfold to reveal Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock screwed his eyes shut tight- he felt like at this point any additional visual input would be completely overwhelming. John cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands, thumbs tracing those prominent cheekbones.
John snorted, laying his head back down on Sherlock’s shoulder. “That’s really not saying much.”
John rolled his eyes, smiling fondly. “Well, glad to see you’re sleeping, at any rate. Here this one’s yours.” He set a bag on Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement, the heat from the food seeping through the blankets and warming his skin. John sat in his chair, opening the box with his own lunch. Sherlock turned on the telly, hoping that would distract John from noticing anything untoward.
He’d been so close. Sherlock could still smell his cologne. Sherlock groaned, shoving down his trousers and pants as he stumbled over to the bed. He pictured Doctor Watson’s firm hands. He’d felt his touch against his  shoulder, and he extrapolated how it might feel elsewhere; trailing over his body, tweaking his nipples, wrapping around his cock.
The mattress restraints were attached to the four corners of the mattress, so that Sherlock could be strapped spread-eagled to the bed. Sherlock shuffled closer to the headboard, spreading out his arms and legs. John secured first his arms, then his legs, making sure Sherlock was cuffed neither too loosely nor too tightly.
John took the key he always kept with him out of his pocket, deftly unlocking the cage and carefully easing off Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock’s freed cock began to harden immediately, thickening and stiffening in John’s hand as Sherlock moaned in relief.
"Will it work?"
The sound must have worried the person outside of his door because in less than five minutes the knocking became quite erratic; as if somebody was bodychecking themselves against it. It took only three tries before the door bust down and the figure of Greg Lestrade loomed over him.
What could Plan B possibly be?
"He didn't offer you any money?"
Comments & Kudos are always appreciated <3
Griff told him to be careful but really…how harmful could John Watson be? Especially after the bloke had stood up for him just the day before. None the less, Sherlock parked his bike on the walkway and unzipped his bag to pull out the medical textbook before walking casually to the front door and knocking.
“A little more interesting then murder, don't you think?” John joked, coughing between fits of hiccups.
DISCLAIMER: There is some blood and war mentioned in this chapter, just keep in mind.
“So you think this is actually gonna work?” Greg whispered.
A part-time clinic doctor in Saint Giles, another small medical position at St. Bart's hospital and lastly, a Friday night gig offer at Shampton's pub. Eyeing the latter, John couldn't complain about the money, it payed more than the small clinic offer, but fell a bit short of St. Bart's. Just the thought of another medical career had his insides twisted in knots.
(Will probably update either on: Wednesday, Thurday or Friday. So keep an eye out!)
"John Watson!" The mic echoed and the sounds of claps rang throughout the room.
The next moment happened in a blur. Sherlock couldn't even tell who had the first punch, only that in the next second both John and Moran were wrestling on the lunchroom floor.
for that matter - but the expectation put upon him by his father, and the role his older sister had set - becoming a secretary in parliament - John was forced to compete.
Grabbing his top hat and grasping the door handle with his other hand, Sherlock paused his actions, "To the butcher shop."
“Where you goin?” Greg called.
"And how in God's name did you know that without even bother to look at the paper this morning?"
Sherlock paused and looked at John with such annoyance, it made his cheeks turn pink with embarrassment. "It's regarding the case, John. Papers of information regarding those who knew Carl Merchent. Close friends, family, co-workers, so on so forth." He paused before looking back at the desk in front. "Did you read the note?"
"For as long as I've been going here he's been nothing but rude and-and insufferable!"
Watson.”
Johnuin let a huge yawn escape him as he stretched his arms above his head as the last piece of fabric was draped into place. With him all dressed and ready to start the day, Stamford collected the rest of the tailored fabrics and set out to the door. Johnuin anticipated the click of the door behind him, but instead came a friendly, “And a very Happy Birthday to you, your highness.”
"Isn't there chocolate somewhere you could be eating?"
Sherlock was frozen on the spot, mouth agape. John was trying his best to fight back, but Moran had the advantage in both weight and height. It had felt like hours passed of them brawling - Moran clearly having the upper hand by pinning John to the ground and taking a few swings to the head and gut. It was a sight that made Sherlock's stomach turn in disgust as he watched blood dribble from John's nose as the boy tried his hardest to regain control. The sight shook him to his core and he shocked himself when he turned around to deliver a punch directly into the face of the laughing Jim Moriarty. It was his small victory.
Sherlock was a bit taken aback by the question but nodded in response.
Sherlock carried out a full shop bag of mealworms, small hedgehog sized jumpers, and a little bee bell toy which he spotted instantly and idly placed it in his cart, giving the clerk a blank look when they just stared in question.
A small smile appeared on the 'consulting detectives face' before he turned back the papers in hand.
Holmes raised a brow in question, as if allowing John to continue.
John got up from his seat and walked over to his daughter enveloping her in a big hug while he whispered something in her ear. Jake could only imagine what he said while his fingers tapped impatiently on the door handle. When she was finished with her goodbyes, and the three gentlemen held back their snarky remarks, the couple left the flat and waved down a cab.
Sherlock turned his head to his saviour this time to see John had rolled up his rugby sleeves so that they rested in the crook of his arm. He also noticed his wrist was wrapped in a bandage to cover the marks spotted earlier.
Comments and Kudos are always appreciated <3
Moriarty just shook his head with a grim smile. Sherlock noted that the muscle, Moran, was absent from the group and sighed with relief. He would hold his ground this time just like all the others.
Sherlock hung up with a growl and removed the small packet from his pant pocket and eyed the amount he had left. It was still half a packet left and his brows scrunched in the middle. What are you?
"Excellent" John smiled "Don't forget to take your break as well."
The violin cord hitched before the black curls swayed to face him. "What?"
Reaching for his phone, Sherlock had begun texting Graham different ideas as to how to start acquiring Mr. Watson for their little plan.
The baritone voice caught John by surprise, "Excuse me?"
He grinned at the small ball and poked around the shopping bag before an "A-ha!" and pulled out a small woollen jumper specifically made for him. John's nose immediately wrinkled after he licked his paws to lap up the rest of the sweetness before he just stared at the small outfit that was jokingly put on a equally small clothes hanger.
"Your obtrusive complaining and mockery is unnecessary!" He called up, venom leaking into his tongue. "How about you and your, 'fiddle', take a trip outside if it bothers you so!"
“Now why would I bloody do that? I told you I don't make deals!”
"The powder! What the powder would do!"
"You too." John followed behind and bowed his head at the man before putting on his hat and hobbling quickly to the front door of the studio.
"Oh God, yes."
Warm droplets of tears ran down his cheeks at the thought of his comrades and seeing the body of an old friend dismembered and mangled. He took a shaky breath and the strong scent of smoke, mint and just
As they stepped out onto the pavement, Jake went to the boot to collect all of the food while Rosie knocked on the door to announce their arrival.
It didn't even occur to John that the little endearment had slipped out. He did notice however, that there was a slight tension in the other man for a split second, before it was gone and filled instead with pure desire.
Sherlock walked the halls with purpose, too much purpose in fact that when turning the corner in the direction of the library he smacked right into Sebastian Wilkes.
"Peter."
Mycroft looked slightly vexed at the comment, "Of course. However much I am against it, there's no stopping you two. Which is why I am giving you this" Reaching into his front suit pocket, Mycroft pulled out a white pamphlet and handed it to John.
As he heard the footsteps descending the stairs, John sank back into his pillow and sighed; feeling every ray of embarrassment and self-consciousness rain over him. He dimmed his bedside lamp and lay staring at the ceiling.
"Well..."
There was a light knock on the door, followed by several other ones when no response was given.
"E-excuse me" John called up front, his hand nervously tapping against his thigh. Just as he looked out the car window the familiar sign of Speedy's swept past them. John reached for his cane as his mind raced and his reflexes began to kick in. He slowly started to lean toward the driver as he pulled his cane up and rammed it-
John nodded with some confidence as he reached over to the coatrack, grabbing his only top hat. "Ready."
“Why'd you stay after class?” Greg asked, attempting to open a bag of crisps without causing them to fall all over the grass.
As Mrs.Hudson rambled on, Sherlock just remained staring at the unfamiliar boy with interest. Who was this John Watson and why had he picked up such a reputation? He was even more eager to find out once the class was excused for lunch.
"The game, John, is on!"
Jacob was hoping that Dr. Watson was the reasonable one based off all the stories Rosie would tell of him, but he was just as intimidating - even more so now that the ex-army soldier was watching him now.
John was led through the small doorway and down a quite cozy hallway until they came to two separate windowed doors opposite each other. Lestrade gestured to the one on the left, "This is the men's quarters", before leading them both through to an empty room at the end of that hallway. It was rather small, but John held no complaints for it. In the far corner lay a spring bed with a thin mattress where sheets were properly laid and neatly folded. Next to it there was a small wooden nightstand with a lamp. At the other side of the room, was a very nice oaken dresser that complemented the tiny space.
"S-Sherlock t-the M! The same M from the note found on Merchant!"
"You mean...."
"Yes!" She squealed and then quickly hid her mouth with her hand, cheeks burning like fire. "My apologies, I didn't mean to do that."
He had made a terrible mistake.
"W-where am I?" He rasped, voice dry and coarse.
The office door opened and Mike Stamford stood staring at the group with a furrowed brow before motioning them in with a tilt of his head.
"Pointless?"
But Sherlock was undeterred, keeping himself rooted on the spot. This boy didn't even look that intimidating. So why was everyone scared of him? “I would like to make a deal with you, Watson” he said, earning a questioning glance before being roughly shoved out of the way.
"You got a fever?" The detective inspector walked toward him and pulled out his handkerchief, passing it over. John nodded in thanks and quickly dabbed at his brow before returning to Sherlock - who now sat up staring at him with annoyance.
Sherlock got the same broad, silly smile on his face that he always did when John said those words. “I love you too.”
John, still laughing, followed Sherlock, gently taking the coat out of his hands. “Love, you can’t go out wearing nothing but a coat.” He said, with a pointed look at Sherlock’s nude frame. He smirked slightly, remembering another time he’d tried to stop Sherlock from going out in nothing but a coat. He hadn’t succeeded then, but the situation now was quite different.
it, but you did mean it.”
Sherlock returned a few moments later, dressed now in his usual clothing. He gave John and the two bodies on the floor a brief once-over, then nodded sharply in approval. It wouldn’t be too hard to doctor the crime scene a little. He strode over to John, holding out a hand.
On the rare occasions when John indulged himself so far as to allow himself to imagine himself confessing his feelings to Sherlock, he had never guessed that it would be so dramatic and yet so undramatic at the same time. Perhaps it was because he wasn’t really one for elaborate setup. That was more Sherlock’s purview. In his head, his confession came in a quiet moment, when he had finally got up the courage to say something, or when he could hold it in  no longer. There were no dead brothers, no vile, evil, dead rapist blackmailers; just the two of them, alone in Baker Street, the fire burning low, perhaps the remains of Chinese takeaway between them.
John opened his drawer, pulling out a tube of lubricant. He slicked up his fingers and slid one slowly into Sherlock, then two, working him open with deliberation. He spread Sherlock open for him, rubbing the pads of his fingers against Sherlock’s prostate, making Sherlock gasp and rock his hips back against his fingers.
Throughout the rest of the morning there was a distinct sense of something missing, an empty space determinedly unacknowledged by the whole family. All three Holmeses remained determinedly chipper, and though John occasionally caught a melancholy look cross Mr Holmes’ face, or saw Mrs Holmes turn away for a second to dry her eyes, he didn’t dare bring up the elephant in the room, not when everyone else was ignoring it so completely. When they sat down for Christmas lunch, still in their pyjamas, John was left with the uncomfortable awareness that he was sitting in what would probably have been Mycroft’s place, were he still around to sit in it.
. He wanted to mark me as his. But I wasn’t. I didn’t want to be. With you, it’d be different.”
P.S. The cranberry juice is to prevent urinary tract infections
“Yes.” Sherlock said shortly.
“You could stay?” Sherlock ventured. “And...watch. Maybe touch. I’ll let you know.”
“Yes.” John murmured, thinking of the anniversary he’d had planned- one he desperately hoped he would be able to carry out. The reminder of what was on the line steadied him, and he took a deep breath. “But the last week or so you’ve been...distant. And I was frustrated because I haven’t been able to get through to you. And I know, yeah, I should have talked to you about it before it came to this but I was just- scared.”
It was not okay. Just the thought of John walking out that door sent Sherlock’s heart racing with anxiety. Still, what choice did he have? “Okay.” He said quietly.
John was dressed only in a form-hugging white shirt and boxers, and when those were gone he was left in all his naked glory, kneeling at the end of the bed with his hand around his cock. Sherlock groaned, eyes roaming over John’s muscled form. He turned the vibrator up a notch, the new intensity making him moan.
John laughed and nodded. “So. When are we leaving?”
“That was lovely, thank you.” He murmured. “You learned all that for me?”
“Merry Christmas.” They both echoed.
John blinked in surprise. “Really? We haven’t seen even half of what we planned to.”
John laughed low in his throat. “I can’t believe  I find this hot, you nutter.”
Damn the man. Damn him and his gorgeous, fascinating dual nature. John trusted Sherlock absolutely, Sherlock knew he did, and yet Sherlock was utterly incapable of dissembling with him. It was nothing about John knowing Sherlock’s mannerisms, or whether he had any kind of ‘tell’. John simply knew Sherlock, he understood the core of him like he’d been raised to know nothing else, and now that there were no secrets between them, John anticipated him perfectly.
Sherlock rolled over, flopping lazily onto his front with his legs open. “Fuck me.” He suggested.
John blinked, then smiled. “Go on, then, how’d you figure that out?” He always loved Sherlock’s deductions. Years of working with him hadn’t diminished the wonder of it in the slightest.
Sherlock blinked, his expression smoothing into something more neutral- his ‘lying face’, clear as day. “Shouldn’t you have stayed with your wife this morning? Morning sickness is terrible, and it’s not like we had an appointment. You didn’t have to leave her.”
Sherlock and John make plans, properly this time.
“For you, idiot.” John interrupted. “You died, remember?”
Sherlock’s eyes were screwed shut, his ragged breathing harsh and uncontrolled. He focussed on the sound of John’s voice, the gentle cadence of it, the way he lingered just the tiniest bit in the ‘r’ of Sherlock’s name. That was good. It was a good sound. Sherlock could measure how John felt about him just by how he said his name. When John was angry with him, the ‘r’ almost disappeared, the two syllables rapped out in a quick, militaristic tone, the ‘k’ consonant cracking like a whip. When John was happy with him the sound loosened out, Sherrrlock, almost melodious, the ‘k’ sound softened into a gentle pat.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She’s right, you know.” Once again, Magnussen’s voice interrupted Sherlock’s thoughts. “He’ll forgive her, even if you tell. He forgave you, after all, and you killed yourself for two years. She only killed you for a few minutes. And he does love her so.”
John patted his hand. “Sleep well. Love you.” He got up to turn out the light, but a hand shot out and grasped his sleeve.
John quickly surmised what was going on, his expression softening. He sat down next to Sherlock. “One of those days, huh?” He said sympathetically. “Anything I can do to help?”
John snorted and swatted Sherlock on his still-exposed bum. “Incorrigible.” He said fondly, leaning up for another kiss.
It took a few months for Magnussen to ascertain that he had a good, proper hold over Sherlock Holmes. In all honesty, he could have managed that rather quicker, but in truth, his newest toy was just too delightful. The game, however, had to be moved on. The stalemate was over. Magnussen moved his piece, in the form of twenty-one highly suggestive photographs winging their way to Mycroft Holmes’ office. Checkmate, he thought. He was right, but he’d forgotten- once you win the game, the game is over, and once the game is over, all bets are off.
Sherlock was in that place where everything felt and looked soft and fuzzy, everything fading away except for John’s warm hand on his cheek and the unexpectedly erotic sensation of saliva pooling beneath his tongue. The sound of John’s zipper broke through the haze, and Sherlock glanced down, vision narrowing down to John’s thick cock protruding, eager and obscene, from the vee of his open fly. Sherlock groaned hungrily, swaying forwards slightly until his open, drooling mouth was inches from the tip.
A few months later, the list was less of a list and more of a collection, and Sherlock decided it was high time he moved it into his Mind Palace proper. When Sherlock compared his mind to a computer, that was the front end of things he was talking about. His mental processes, the way he sorted and stored and deleted his deductions. His Mind Palace, though, that was actually a palace. Or, well, a very large house, anyway. He’d based it on Grandmamma’s family home in France, as per the recommendations- it was a sufficiently large place that he was familiar with, but didn’t often visit. This was where he kept what he wanted to keep, all the things he was unlikely to ever delete.
John glanced at Sherlock, realising. “Sorry.” He said, mentally berating himself for the careless comment.
Sherlock hesitated. “No.” He eyed John nervously, wondering if he would try to insist on being a gentleman.
Sherlock snorted. “That’s not what you usually say.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but hugged Mrs Hudson good-naturedly. “It’s good to see you too, Hudders.”
“I’m fine.” Sherlock croaked out, still staring resolutely out the window.
*****
Magnussen’s mind raced, his mental plan of the encounter shifting, reshaping. The plan had been easy- he had Sherlock Holmes eating out of his hand, and thus he had Mycroft Holmes. He’d planned to taunt and tease, make a little pantomime of ‘giving Sherlock back’ to his brother, had even dressed Sherlock up to add a little extra drama and humiliation to the whole affair. This was something different. There was no winning here; the plan was to survive. He was glad he had Sherlock in his lap. The intention had merely been to show off his complete ownership over the man, how Sherlock would do anything he wanted, giving to Magnussen the greatest bargaining chip he could possibly use against Mycroft Holmes. Now, his role was something different- hostage and human shield, all in one.
“So eager.” he murmured, leaning down to press his lips against Sherlock’s. “Not this time, my dear. I’m afraid we have things to do.” He unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt the rest of the way, groping Sherlock briefly through his trousers as he undid his fly. “We’ve got guests coming. You’ll have a shower.” He ran his free hand through Sherlock’s greasy, unwashed curls. “Get you presentable. Don’t want you embarrassing me, hmm? I’ve got something nice picked out for you to wear once you’re done.”
"Dr. Watson?"
"I want you to be my lover, John...."
"Yes?"
"Very well." He smiled and left the two idiots to their constant "I love you's" and Sherlock's continuous apologies.
His thoughts were disrupted by a flash of yellow that caught his peripheral and his eyes followed until they landed on a familiar yellow and black rugby jacket.
Outside, John was already shown the shed where most of the gardening supplies were held. He headed over to the side of the building, where both Davis and Braddock were hunched over a bed of flowers - picking at some small purple weeds.
But he was so wrong.
Lestrade didn't hesitate to march over and shake his friends hand profusely. "Congratulations, mate. This is excellent!"
“J-just conversation is all.” Jacob stuttered, wringing his hands in fear.
“Is that all true?”
Mike's face scrunched up in confusion before he waved awkwardly at the retreating body, "S-sure, see you around, Sherlock."
“What did I tell you about leaving the cave?…” The deep and gravely voice made the tiny human form flinch.
"Let us proceed, then?" He finally managed to say, and John couldn't help but smile.
He reached for the glass, mouth suddenly feeling scratchy and dry. Taking a worrying glance up through his lashes, he spotted a slight blush on the cheeks of his colleague. John was about to apologize for being out of line when a response, so quiet - just above a whisper - came from across the table.
“I was here first” he spat back, refusing to get up and leave.
"Where are you going?" Sherlock called from the kitchen.
“I don't have any friends.”
John bowed his head in greeting and positioned himself on his cane before outreaching his hand for a shake.
"I would like-" Sherlock murmured but was cut off when the door swung open with a crash, hitting against the wall. Young Braddock was sporting a rain jacket with another one in hand.
"Well I would've told 'em, maybe after that he wouldn't have agreed to move in with you. How did that end up happening anyway?"
That caught Sherlock off guard. It wasn't that brilliant….was it? "Sorry?"
"I want to be with you."
Both Sherlock and Jim stood from their seats and proceeded out the door - Jim making sure to cast a fake and sly grin with his cut lip slightly bleeding before they parted.
"Excellent deduction, John." Sherlock replied dryly, eyes not even bothering to meet his own.
"Which is?"
"Who's clever?" John asked, turning to Greg who just shrugged in confusion.
Sherlock approached the table slowly, mind going through every deduction of John who was seated at their table. John was still flashing a nice cut lip from yesterday's events and he had tried to cover up the bruising on his hands to no avail by pulling down his rugby jacket sleeves. Sherlock knew better.
John went back to the nail in the wall and hung the painting up, examining it over once again while mentally kicking himself from the little spots of tea stain from his most recent outbreak.
"I am renting a flat, just beside this cafe as a matter of fact, and in need of a flat share."
Another chapter! Sorry for the wait :)
“Who?”
John managed to compose himself enough to get back to the toilet seat and examine his leg. The flesh around the bullet wound had healed fully and his thigh bore a small scar as proof. He decided to leave it un-bandaged this time and instead, hoisted himself to the sink mirror to get a better look at his shoulder. It indeed was a sight to behold as this star splayed scar was a lot larger and uglier than the other. John felt tears well in his eyes once again and he rubbed his eyes with one hand while the other leveraged himself on the porcelain sink. He felt his knees give way and instead of grabbing for his cane, John applied more pressure to his bad leg in an attempt to stand taller and straight. He had to do this for himself. To not give up.
"Gloves, sir. My men have no gloves for their working hands."
Just letting you all know there will be a trigger warning for next chapter!
"I'm sorry..." he whispered, slowly opening his eyes to be met with the perfect stare of his companion.
“I wanted some air.”
"Just about a month."
Finally got another chapter hammered out! This one took the longest to write because my mind gave up on me. Was lucky enough to post this on my birthday as a gift to you all! Hope you enjoy! <3
"I AM NOT A MURDERER!" He yelled and tried lifting himself up, settling his left arm as support before crying out in pain once again.
John reached for it and leaned his cane on the desk to open it with both hands. Pulling out the small note, he flipped it to read the delicate cursive. "A banquet?"
“Have fun tonight but be careful, yea?” John said.
When he went inside - through the servants entrance this time - and to the dining room, a group of the kitchen staff were just finishing up the cooking and setting the table for the staffs dinner. Anderson was huddled in his seat in the corner next to the fireplace when John walked in.
"Weeds are survivors of the Earth. They are tough little buggers that adapt and fight back with all their worth, just to get a bit of sun on their petals. You could chop off their blooms and crush them under you boots, but they'll just grow right back."
John had just finished getting up from the ground - hair sticking up, mud caked onto his pants, shoes, and jacket, and an ugly red welt started to form on his cheek - before Sherlock had reached for his wrist and pulled him away. They ran in no particular direction, just feeling the need to get away. To get John away.
John was annoyed at the comments that were being made about his worker. So far, Anderson was more than capable at his job and even more so as his right hand. "I will be the one to judge that, my Lord. Now if you will excuse me, I must return to work." John bowed his head again and situated himself back on his hands and knees to resume scrubbing.
“No, Mrs Hudson. It's just-“ Sherlock's mind clicked into place before his eyes widened in recognition. Of course…..he cleared his throat before continuing, “Mrs Hudson, are you aware of the rumours behind John Watson? The one where he pushed that boy out the second story window?”
"Hello, John!"
"Ah."
“You know they’re just going to keep doing it.”
"John, you passed out at the cottage. You actually stopped breathing..." there was a hitch in Sherlock's voice that made John pause. "With Dimmock's help we were able to bring you back here. Do you remember anything that happened?" Sherlock asked calmly, and placed the bowl down on the end table beside the bed with his free hand.
Jake didn't realize until he was collapsed on the ground that Sherlock had let him go and now paced the flat with a hardened yet quizzical face. John, on the other hand, was still frozen in place a few feet away and not even bothering to blink.
“He doesn't seem to be in the mood, mate, maybe we better give him some space” Lestrade commented but it was said upon deaf ears as Sherlock took that opportunity to run.
"John.."
- to die.
“And what, pray tell would you keep in your rucksack for my hair?”
"Fine.." John mouthed and balanced his weight on his right foot. "Cane." He continued and Mike scooped it up with haste, handing it to his owner.
Tears welled up and stung his eyes while his body shook with a pain that had built up in himself over many weeks and months. His shoulder began to throb, now being exposed to the air, but he couldn't have cared less. He felt like dirt, like mud that was trampled down by a thousand horse hooves and he wept like a child.
Johnuin chuckled, shaking his head, “They aren't real, Harry. C’mon, how dull do you think I am?”
John sighed, head falling forward in agitation.
“Actually, my sweet little brother,” she joked, pinching his cheeks until they were red from her nails, “I’m nothing like a lady whatsoever, and I plan on never acting like one. I do very much enjoy my title as ‘The Odd Princess’. Let's not forget that three women had to stuff me in this god-awful gown.”
Both men stopped and turned their hands to face John, "No, sir" they replied in unison.
When John returned home the sound of a violin was quite prominent from upstairs.
Mycroft wasted no time stepping on the breaks and forcing the car to come to a screeching halt. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, what was the meaning of that?!”
John snuck a peek at his own watch before fluffing a hand through his short sandy hair, and followed a small stream of other gentlemen to the servants dining table.
"I would be dead by now anyway, so I guess I'm safe."
"I don't work on bribery." John grinned.
John's head hit the door and a laugh rumbled through his chest. Of course he heard me. When he opened it, Sherlock was positioned at the window, back facing him and hands clasped behind him.
"It's been so long since you've visited anyway, I was wondering if you went up and finally bought your own piano!"
"Oh please,
"Well then....
Yela pushed through the forest, eyes scanning every inch of foliage and small bundle of boulders, while trying to spot either a small head of golden hair or a tiny wooden bow peaking above the tall grass. “Johnuin!” She called, lifting her skirts to avoid being caught on fallen branches while edging her way to Whispering Waters.
The words that came out from him caused the man to frown, brows knitted tightly together. "E-excuse me?" John could swear the mans voice softened.
He turned to Sherlock, or more like Sherlock's arse. The detectives behind was directly facing John, slightly raised in the air as he was clearly leaning in for a closer look at something. Clearly. It was very indecent, of course, but John couldn't help taking a nice long look; his cheeks and ears turning a bright red which was not noticeable at all! (Clearly.)
Sherlock remained seated but turned toward him, "John, it's the best plan, if we can distract the guests long enough then it gives the killer an opportunity to strike. That way we can catch him in the act!"
With a nod to the waiter and a slim smile to John, Sherlock leaned in closer toward the table, his conversation now turned to the doctor. "John if you would excuse me for a moment."
"No. no you didn't hurt me." Sherlock whispered carefully, reaching for John again.
Just then a little boy around six or so, seated himself on the bench beside them and pulled at his backpack, unzipping the large section and pulling out a small tupperware container. John's attention immediately was turned to its contents. Cantaloupe and grapes. His snout twitched in interest and he began to paw in the little boys direction. Sherlock caught on instantly and stared at the clear container in the boys hands.
Mycroft walked to his desk and produced a syringe of blue liquid in the palm of his hand. Sherlock marched over and snatched it, bringing it to the window and examining it under light.
Bloody ecstatic…
"You heard me. Did you give him the whole packet?"
Sherlock looked at John, noticing his face pale and shoot to the lunchbox that was still opened. One thing that John failed to hide while packing up, and the thing that Sherlock didn't fail to see, was a flash of…. gunmetal. Sherlock's eyes widened.
Lestrade raised his brows, "Very impressive once again, Mr. Watson, so you were about...fifteen? When you started?"
"Pride of Sussex, my Lord."
Of course!
John's response was a nod and a smile as he walked through the hallway rowed with names on doors of agency workers. A little further down the hall, he stopped dead centre at the one which read 'Stamford: Agent' - knocking twice before entering.
"I'll see you tomorrow then, Mr. Hol-...Sherlock."
The bobby looked back at the curly haired gentleman and then back to John. "The cripple's with you? You really-"
I will try to give you all another chapter this week! Hopefully I'm not overrun.
Sherlock pocketed the little packet in his pocket and stood up from his seat, straightening his shirt and walked to the door, "Inform me if anything changes."
“Have a child of your own and you’ll understand.”
Wait a minute.
Thanks to everyone who has read my story! I am truly honoured :)
"I-I-"
“You haven't met most of my family, silly.”
"A lavender and oil mix."
"A what?"
Without another word, the golden boy nodded and sent a wave the dragonling’s way before making his way back to wherever home was.
(I will definitely be returning to John's past in the future so don't think that this will be the only time you will see it!)
Sherlock eyed the square up against the frame and arched a brow, "May I?" He asked, slowly leaning down to retrieve it. It was almost automatic that John went to step in front of it, blocking the musicians hand and view from his property. "I-I can take this one Sherlock, the rest of my belongings are downstairs."
Sherlock wasted no time bolting right after him down the street. The chase went on for a time; following as closely as possible but not too close - making out the dirty black and yellow jacket amongst the crowd. When it did end, however, John was nowhere to be seen and instead a small beaten down flat took up Sherlock's eyesight.
Seeing as John decided against leaving their bedroom after his shower, and now that around forty minutes had passed, Sherlock decided to go check on him - syringe in hand.
He plucked the last cord, letting it resonate throughout the abnormally quiet ballroom just before a wave of applause poured through the air. Johnuin blushed, getting up from his seat to take a bow before gesturing to the court musicians to take over. Yela walked over, wrapping her son tightly in his arms and planting a kiss on his head, “You were lovely, my son. How did you ever learn to play so well?”
“Blimey, look at him.” A voice from behind make Jake spin and before him stood a tanned and white haired, brown eyed man with a dopey grin. “You must be the fiancée, Greg Lestrade” the man stuck his hand out in greeting and Jake took it, shaking firmly.
“No!” Sherlock grabbed the other boy's wrist, “No nurse.”
The two of them played most of the morning and afternoon away, each adoring the others  company until John cut them short, resting his head on Sherlock's shoulder. "Sherlock why are we doing this?"
This interested Sherlock even further “What do you mean...killer?”
"It's such a pity that you cannot sport colourful weeds in your pockets anymore, Watson. I did enjoy guessing which flower was bound to your breast."
"It's what friends do. People who care about you: Friends, families, people you're 'involved' with." John cast a serious glance at his flatmate, "Are you involved with anyone?"
"I heard a lot of yelling, but most of it was just jibberish and nonsensical. But I must inform you, Doctor Watson, you are in no danger."
Four hours passed exactly before Dr. Monty went into the room to check on his patient. When he remerged, Sherlock had grabbed him from the lapels and pushed him aside, going for the door and over to the bed. There were muffled voices of protest that Sherlock simply ignored while his eyes roamed the dark and his hand reached out for -
"If I may take the subject, Mr-"
“No problem,” Jacob smiled warmly at her and then brought his attention to Mrs. Hudson who grinned up at him.
Sherlock held up a hand to stop him, “No! Don't tell.” The older man's eyes raked up and down Jacob and he tried so hard to hold his grip on the situation but almost failed. “Domestic? Cheating? Knocking up another woman...? Ah no matter, you’ll be dead in the morning anyways. John!” Sherlock called over his shoulder up the stairs and into the flat without noticing the practically fainting boy in front of him, “Get your Browning, we have business to take care of!” He turned back instantly and grabbed Jacob by the shoulders, pulling him inside and to the steps. “Up. Now.”
The three of them were lined up in height with the Adler and Wilkes characters on either side of the smaller more disturbed looking Moriarty fellow. His dark hair was gelled back and his uniform lay prestige on his frame while he tossed a red apple in his hands.
“Just in the kitchen” he pointed, bringing his attention now to the silent young man prettified in the corner. “Jacob.”
Stay put? HA! Who did Mycroft think he was, the King of dragons?
"Care for some mealworms? Still have a bucketful."
“I'm not a book” Sherlock spat, not realizing his tone made the other boys smile falter.
"Funny, Mike." John grinned, and hobbled to the empty seat and flexed his fingers once he sat down.
The marble halls were easy enough to navigate through as he glanced down at his timetable and maneuvered through the other uniformed students with care. English Literature was his first class with M. Morstan.
Sherlock rolled his eyes in agitation and proceeded to the door, "I suggest you give him a ring then, he's going to be receiving a visit."
John closed his eyes as he attempted to focus his breathing. In the distance the sounds of gunshots and grenades being set off invading his ears.
“I said fine. Now hand me over the money and the book.” John went up three of the steps until he was chest to chest with the boy he thought a leech, eyes staring and narrowed with his hands open, “Hand them over right now or it won't just be Moran you'll have to worry about.”
"God...Sherlock....the noises you make.. " he groaned, now working on his own trousers.
“I-“ he started but was cut off by Johnuin cutting him off, “I'll be here again tomorrow. Will you come?”
"Oh?" Molly eyed him suspiciously with a raised brow.
Sherlock quickly stood up at the table, reaching for the bowl of curry and gave Jacob the dirtiest look ever.
John froze.
"I haven't finished collecting just yet.." John plopped down on the seat behind him once again and went to tug at the front of Sherlock's trousers, pulling him closer so that the man was now situated on his lap, straddling his hips. John felt the warm and pleasurable pressure against his groin, as Sherlock's hips rocked forward with a cheeky grin.
All of that was lost when he heard a gentle clearing of a throat from the stage. Catching his eye almost instantly, Sherlock was positioned atop it with a violin rested under his chin and the bow delicately held in the other. John couldn't believe his eyes at the way the light caught him; his body behind softly outlined and face shaped with such precision. A breath caught in John's throat when he began to play. It was beautiful. So beautiful that John couldn't recall the last time a tear formed in his eye at the sound of an instrument, or the sight of a wonderful man, for that matter.
"Well that is too long! I can only keep my hands off that room of yours for so long before I decide to dust that mess!" She clicked her tongue at him and turned back to John, "You too young man! That piano hasn't been touched in quite some time, poor girls going to rot."
Johnuin nodded with a smile. He had always loved his mother’s stories; especially when they were tales of dragons and magic. She could go on for hours and hours about the great dragons of old and the bond between them and humans before the Great War. Harriet, his older sister, would laugh them off - calling them ‘mums made up nonsense’ and 'old biddies tales' that held no truth. “They’re just stories, Johnuin, that’s all they are. You'd be stupid if you actually believed them! Mother's just coddling you as per usual - filling your mind with useless fluff.”
“Good morning class, my name is Mrs. Hudson and this is music. Now some faces I recognize from last years class, while others are new ones so let's go through attendance!”
John shook his head, placing the shears back in his bag and holding up the dark hair with the pink, sticky prize stuck on it, right in front of the other boys face. “Problem solved.”
There was a beat of silence before John took another shaky breath and continued, tone dry of any emotion, "He passed out in the lounge after having a fight with my mum and Harry was only three at the time...I-I thought it was one of the toy guns that you see on the telly, those ones you see American bobbies always running around with - thought it would've been a good idea to play with. Harry didn't even know what the hell I was on about, but we played chase all the same.”
John snorted in turn and gently bumped into him, “I wouldn't say even, but we sure are looking the same.”
Mike's office was in the other direction.
There was a beat where both boys just stared at each other till John moved first, getting on his knees to bend over Sherlock and examine the work done to his face. Sherlock's breath caught in his throat at the feeling of gentle and light fingertips touching his cheek. “Not my best moment” he tried for a joke, voice rough.
The sound of the water bubbling caused John to stir and he sleepily opened his big blue eyes, looking around curiously before turning to Sherlock.
Sherlock turned away and pulled at his notepad once again to scribble on it while John remained standing, hands plastered on his hips this time.
Mycroft looked down his nose and Sherlock took the opportunity to grab John and shimmy them both around Mycroft. “Don't mind him, John. My brother has nothing better than to stick his big nose in other people's business it seems.”
"Just a small prick, you won't feel a thing." He whispered lining up the tip of the needle to the vein in John's arm and pushed it in, slowly draining the contents into his husbands arm. Once it was emptied, he pulled it out and placed a cotton ball in the area for protection.
"The case, John, the case!"
Three days. The thought was already starting to eat up at Sherlock's mind. It was a struggle just to get through one, and now he had to wait three more. He sulked over to his seat and dropped into it, body going completely numb. "You idiot....you bloody fool..."
Sherlock shook his head, “Not by anyone
"John I wasn't impl-"
John smirked at him and took another sip of tea.
"What do you mean?" Asked John and Mycroft turned to head out whence he came.
Sherlock looked over to Greg who was now working on his pudding, “Who's Sebastian Moran?”
“No rugby captain is without friends, but since they ended up leaving and you were held back a year, there's no one to dissuade the rumors.”
“James!” Miss piped up and pointed to a seat right beside a mousy looking brown haired girl, “There's a seat free right there beside Molly, take it.”
"That's it!" John snapped, eyes lighting up.
"Very wise choice of words, John." There was smile in his voice before he turned around and there it was, shining eyes and all.
"'Scuse me sir, but no ones allowed to enter."
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asked, voice soft.
“Mum” a little voice called through the open doorway to the Queens bedroom. A stream of candlelight shone through the room, exposing a small face with a mop of sandy blonde hair and deep blue eyes peeking through the opening.
"But of course, Monsieur Holmes! Nothing but the best for you."
"Yes very well, you may both leave now." Sherlock snapped. John looked over and could have sworn that the detective was pulsing with excitement. His eyes were glistening and his face held an expression as if he was ready to explode.
Mycroft leaned on his umbrella and let out a long built up sigh, running a hand down his face in annoyance, "Just do as I say and don't ask questions."
Jacob nervously starting tapping his leg when Rosie reached over from under to table to latch on, tightening her hold for reassurance.
The roar that erupted from the cave shook the mountain. Several trees died that day.
As if being excused, Lord Holmes turned to Lestrade, nodded and then turned to head back to the front of the manor. John watched him approach a young driver who went to park his car, before heading inside.
, drifted through his nostrils and he felt a weight wrap itself around him. Arms pulled him into a warm embrace where he heard a steady and calming beating heart in his ears. A gentle weight on his head solidified the feeling and he drifted into a state of pure warmth and comfort.
“C’mon John, even knowing you for this long an idiot would be able to tell you're innocent.”
John shook his head this time before raising his eyes with an arched brow. “Go on then, how'd you know.”
"Not only are you commendable but stubborn as well" Holmes laughed, taking a sip from his cup and returning to sit on the couch.
"I deserved that..." he sighed and stood up, walking over to his phone and pocketing it before facing his transformed husband again. "John, I don't know what do...tell me what to do..." Sherlock felt defeated, useless and his face contorted to sadness, he felt a tear trickle down his cheek and he gently deposited John on the bed before flopping down and sulking into his pillow.
(See the end of the chapter for
His pondering was short lived however when more voices made their way into the confines of 221b.
“Well,” voiced Greg from behind, “That was successful.”
"Tell me what?"
*TRIGGER WARNING*
"John! I'm so sorry, I didn't see you there!"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, firstly, I like the running. Secondly, I like my shirts. And thirdly, I like to keep it quiet, because it seems to make people even more frightening than they already do.”
So. I wanted to establish that. A base for them to stand on, in the storm that's to come. I hope it didn't seem to contrived.
“No, I do.” John said quickly. “It’s- Now that you say it, it’s something that I want. Because you want it. And it’ll be nice to have a great big party dedicated to how great we are together. And- and tax breaks, and all that. You’re already my next of kin. I’m sorry, I’m not being very romantic about this. But yes, let’s get married.”
John cocked his head curiously. “What’s a brownie?”
“John! I was just about to come find you. There’s something I need to tell you.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Secular, probably. The point is that my parents won’t be there making disturbing innuendo and hovering.”
Sherlock made a soft, displeased sound, pressing closer to John. John laughed softly, kissing him. “But it wouldn’t be even a shadow of what I feel for you. Nothing comes close.” He assured Sherlock, looking up at him with a soft smile. “One more thing, though. The thing that’s been ‘distracting’ you. What is it?”
*****
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock tipped his head back to look at John. “Indeed. And Mycroft hated it. Ruined his diet. Always a bonus.” He looked suddenly sombre. He turned, throwing his legs over John’s lap. John put an arm around his shoulders. “It’s weird,” Sherlock muttered, “not having him around. Can’t have Christmas without The Grinch.”
Sherlock leapt forwards. “I can do that, Mummy, there’s no need.” He said quickly.
Sherlock groaned lazily in response. John patted him cheerfully on the bum. He grabbed the sounds he’d used as well as the plug and Sherlock’s cage, going to wash and sterilise them quickly. He came back and put everything away. He heard a soft snore, and smiled fondly when he realised that Sherlock had fallen asleep. John shook him gently.
John lifted his gaze to Sherlock’s, holding it steadily. There was not much ambiguity there, either, not with the intensity in John’s gaze. Suddenly Sherlock found himself bitterly angry.
“Fuck, that was gorgeous. God, Sherlock. Amazing.” John held on tight to Sherlock, and Sherlock snuggled back against him, panting lightly.
Sherlock had only said ‘No’, and looked so offended that John dropped the line of questioning entirely.
John nodded slowly. “Do you...want to talk about it?”
Also- does this seem too fluffy? I'm aware it seems strange, but you know that thing you do where you drown yourself in something nice and forget about all the bad things until you absolutely have to face them? That's basically what they're doing.
Sherlock huffed, biting his lip. “Alright, fine. But just as a disclaimer, I’m only telling you because you asked. Not that it was meant to be a secret, per se, but I hadn’t intended to bother you with it, and this should in no way be construed as a request-”
He deftly unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, running his fingers over the puckered divot on Sherlock’s torso with a look of intense interest. Sherlock stayed still, watching Magnussen with a strange sort of calm. He felt a distance to the situation, like he was watching it on a screen, or like he was underwater, everything muffled and slowed down. Magnussen picked up one of his hands, and it lay limply in his grasp, no longer a part of Sherlock’s body, just a puppet hand with no one but Magnussen around to control it. Magnussen unbuttoned his cuff, then lifted Sherlock’s hand to his mouth, kissing the palm, the sound of it soft yet audible in the screaming silence of the room. The sensation of Magnussen’s rough beard against Sherlock’s sensitive fingertips jerked Sherlock back to reality, and he shuddered, jerking his hand away. Suddenly everything became immediate, and real. He shut his eyes tight, trying to find his way back to that sheltered underwater place, but the sound of Magnussen’s quiet chuckle was loud in his ears, his breath hot against Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock shook his head. “Yes you did.” He said, looking miserable. “Perhaps you didn’t mean to
Sherlock frowned, trying to figure it out. Some sort of alkyl nitrite, possibly? Those were usually taken before sex, not after. It could be piss. Sherlock wouldn’t put it past him. He remembered Magnussen pissing in the fireplace, at the beginning of the case. That seemed so long ago now.
Sherlock, already halfway to the bathroom, turned to smirk at John. “I know I am.”
-> seems hypocritical to discriminate because of that
Sherlock kissed him back enthusiastically, cupping the back of John’s head with one hand while looping the other around his waist. They’d both been waiting for this moment for months; months of coffee dates passed off as discussions about coursework, of Sherlock smoldering at John from across the lecture hall even as the both of them knew nothing could happen between them yet.
Magnussen leaned back, their lips parting with a soft, slick sound. Arms tightened around him, and then the ground shifted and disappeared from beneath Sherlock’s feet. Sherlock jerked in surprise, instinctively grabbing on to Magnussen’s shoulders. Sherlock wanted to protest, to say that he could walk perfectly fine, thank you very much, but the words wouldn’t come, his mouth refused to open. Magnussen began to walk down the hall, towards Sherlock’s bedroom, and Sherlock shut his eyes, biting down hard on his lip to hold in a whimper.
“That’s my good boy.” John said warmly, running his hand through Sherlock’s hair. With his other hand he opened the drawer, taking out a wide band of dark cloth. “I was thinking of blindfolding you, make it more intense, but this kind of play is already pretty intense. Should I leave it for next time?”
Sherlock was still frowning in confusion. His fingers knotted in John’s collar, as though to keep him there while he worked it out. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
Sherlock glanced at John and flushed, caught off guard by the openly adoring look on John’s face. He cleared his throat. “We should find a hotel.”
“Sherlock? You all right?”
“I know.” John said again.
John rolled off Sherlock with a groan, flopping onto the bed beside him. “Oof, that position was not one my back is used to.”
Mushy love declarations get Sherlock off.
I was so distracted while writing this. But I think it turned out ok.
Lying on the bed as John got the machine ready, Sherlock thrummed with excitement. He could hardly wait to have John’s mark indelibly on his skin. As he stared up at the ceiling, John’s face came into view, a little crease between his eyebrows.
In spite of the attraction he knew he harboured towards Sherlock, John felt not even a flicker of lust as he looked at the photographs. His stomach was churning with horror, thinking of what his friend had been going through, silently suffering for months. He looked up at Mycroft.
Sherlock handed the empty juice box back to John, still talking a mile a minute, and John let out a fond chuckle. Sherlock stilled, his eyes narrowing at John. “What’s so funny?” He asked.
Sherlock groaned softly as the ridged sound worked its way out of his slit, his softening cock oversensitive from his powerful orgasm. John leaned down to kiss Sherlock on the nose, his smiling face coming into view as he took off Sherlock’s blindfold.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John. “So you don’t want to get married.” He summarised.
John’s eyes narrowed, hands never wavering. “What’s it got to do with me?”
John’s cheeks heated at the obscene noises Sherlock was making, pretending to poke around the safe and hoping Sherlock wouldn’t notice how affected he was just from that.
Sherlock  turned, a slight frown furrowing his brow. People didn’t generally call out to him, or attempt to make contact, not unless they had to. One of his classmates (he hadn’t bothered to learn anyone’s name) was there, striding towards him with a  wide smirk. Sherlock remembered him to be one of the more obnoxious ones, always raising his hand in class to argue with the teacher. Of course, Sherlock did that as well, but the difference was that Sherlock was usually right.
“Wake up, love. You need to go pee now.” He murmured.
Sherlock stopped abruptly, turning to scowl at him. “Oh, can’t it wait? What now?”
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock doesn't like his new outfit.
*****
“Which is why you’re not trying out your new toy until the roads have thawed.” Mr. Holmes added.
Sherlock comes. Magnussen comes. Both experiences are terrible, for Sherlock at any rate.
John hummed thoughtfully. “Well. I’ll admit, marriage in itself holds no appeal for me in itself. When I married- When I got married for the first time, it was a terrible mistake. They’re not really memories I want to revisit. And now it’s pretty hard for me to view marriage as being this great ideal of a relationship. What we have, it’s so much better, even if we never went to have a party in a church. Even without that, being with you is the best and most meaningful relationship of my life, so it never felt necessary. Didn’t think it’s something you wanted, either.”
It seemed, John thought as he sat in his bedsit, that his track record of living in housing that came with invisible magical beings attached would remain unbroken. At least the ghost seemed reasonably friendly.
John smiled at him. “It’s up to you. You have time to think about it.”
John took the cheapest dorm, in uni. It was a ten minute bike ride to campus, and it was a huge old house, with enough space for thirty people. There was a kitchen, a common room, a laundry room, and absolutely nothing worked.
They were chasing a suspect through London, but Sherlock could already tell they weren’t going to catch up to him. The suspect knew the area too well, and was quicker on his feet than the both of them. Lestrade was on his way, but the suspect would be lost before he arrived. Sherlock made a split-second decision.
“Yes, it was.” Sherlock said quietly.
“Unfortunately not.” Sherlock sighed. He laced their fingers together, and they didn’t speak again for the rest of the ride.
Sherlock lowered his eyes. Those words- what he’d have given to hear it from someone, anyone else- someone whom he liked, someone who actually loved him.
“He wanted me to marry you.” She said simply.
He’d found an app, online. You spoke into the phone, and it’d tell you if your voice was masculine or feminine sounding. Sherlock hadn’t been able to stop himself from downloading it. Several times a day, he’d take it out, speaking into it, feeling a spark of relief each time the screen told him that he still sounded like a man.
(See the end of the chapter for
John shook his head. “Not really. It’s normal, you know? What turns you on, turns you on. Like you said- if a beautiful woman got naked in front of me there are probably parts of me that would be interested-”
Sherlock cocked his head curiously. “And what’s that?”
Sherlock shook his head. “It was. It would have been. It’s just transport, and you, John, you are worth- anything. Everything.”
“Better. God, so much better.” Sherlock panted. “Fuck, Doctor Watson, I’m so close.”
After a stunned moment John cleared his throat. “You were early.”
John nodded, wringing his hands together and staring intently at the young man who was now seated across.
Sherlock got cocky, stretching in his seat further so he sat taller in his chair. “Now that I have you in my circle. Looks like lucks on my side.”
Feeling a light pressure on his chin, John lifted his gaze to Sherlock's - taking in the hurt and saddened look gracing his lovers face. Not once more did he ever want to see hurt on the faces of those he loved knowing that he put it there. He wanted to change, wanted to be stronger, wanted to fight against the demons not just on his own, but knowing that there would be someone to support him through that long and difficult journey to get there. Staring deeper into the man's eyes, did John notice something else. Something he never thought he would ever see again...
John coughed - choking on a sip of tea - and grabbed at his cloth serviette, wiping at his mouth. "Oh those, they are nothing. Just little incentives."
John on the other hand, managed to also get on his feet, dusting off his coat before looking up to be greeted by those piercing eyes. "I uh...." a clearing of the throat, "Well..you are ....you're beautiful..."
The others should be up by now. With that thought, the slow stream of bodies headed toward the shed and Anderson, Davis and Braddock said their morning greetings.
Without even bothering to turn back to their prey, Jim chuckled and grabbed his two accomplices by the arms, pulling them away, “It's your lucky break again, Holmes. Next time won't be so easy.”
Sherlock turned around to face the brown haired boy and sat up in his chair, “He doesn't scare me.”
"Anderson I would also like to apologise for earlier, you were right and I was acting foolish."
“The one where I pushed the kid out of the second-floor window.”
“Didn't know you went back to the locker thing, James. Pretty low for a guy like you, don't ya think? You of all people would think it's dull, pedestrian,
“How many other women before my daughter?”
Mycroft took a breath upon realization, “Sherlock….is that the boy that-“
"Oi," a little voice from beside him, the boy, spoke up and Sherlock turned to face him. The child had leaned against the arm rests of both benches to point at the little prickly creature. "Is tha' a Hedgehog?"
-Holmes."
John blushed but went quickly about hiding it with a long sip from the glass. "Trust me Mike, nothing's changed, I've still got the pain in my leg and a kink in my shoulder."
Jim's eyes narrowed at the name but it only encouraged Sherlock to continue, “Only child, parents practically ignore you and they just bought a new house companion to keep you out of their hair. Dog. Cocker spaniel ? No… English Bulldog.”
talked back. Jim was supposed to be scared, not cocky.
Johnuin reached for the dagger hidden within his boot when he finally noticed a smaller but intimidating figure emerge from the shadows. The man had dark black eyes that felt as if they could pierce through the human soul just by looking. His long, dark cloak cascaded down his narrow frame but couldn't cover the claws that sprouted from his fingers.
“No mummy, I didn't see him. Johnuin said he was looking for ‘Dragons’ again. He said that you told him another one of your stories and now he thinks he'll find one! I keep telling him they don't exist!”
They somehow managed to find themselves at Pet Pavilion, John still throwing a hissy fit of screechy chatters and flailing limbs. On more than one occasion during the cab ride, Sherlock had tried to calm him down but was nipped every time he stuck a finger in his pocket. He had given up eventually and allowed the freak out to continue, not even ending until he was through the door and a smiling employee greeted him.
“Mhm.”
John is finally growing as a character and is now ready to go on his journey to becoming a BAMF.
Jacob paced holes in the pavement just outside of 221b. It had been several months since Christmas when he last saw Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson (the right title engraved in his mind now). Three years since their very first meeting and the two of them had yet to warm up and fully trust Jacob with their little girl.
