'How can you be so sure, John? All evidence points to the fact that I do not have the necessary emotional support to care for a child.'
“But all jokes aside, I couldn’t be happier for these two. I knew, I knew and everyone else they were around knew that something was going on between them. The real question was did they know what they were doing? I mean, I have never seen two men flirt so hard before and never notice it!”
“Sherlock Holmes, you have shown me that it is okay to be who you are and not care about what anybody says. You are the one shining light in my life, and let it be known that no matter what happens, I will always be by your side, and I shall never let any harm come to you. Not while I still breathe. I love you, and not long after this, we are to be husbands, and goddamit—“
Watching Sherlock’s lips curve into a smile, the brightest and widest he’s ever seen, he couldn’t help but fall even harder for the detective. He leant forward and placed a delicate kiss to his lips and nearly had trouble breaking the contact. Sherlock was beaming now and he held Rosie a little closer to himself.
Mrs. Hudson brushed a finger against her nose and watched as John's hand connected with his daughter's. John was smiling, but it wasn't like the ones Mrs. Hudson used to see before Sherlock died. She thought that she would keep that to herself because she was sure that John knew too.
Sherlock was in too good a mood to let Mycroft get to him. With a louder laugh, he turned around to face his brother.
‘Whenever you got mad at me, and looked at me like you didn’t want me around. Or whenever I’m alone with Kylie, and I want to hold her and do what you do with her, but I can’t do it. I can’t touch her, John.’
He rested the skull on his lap, and pulled out the little sleeve of some new forensic tools; it was a more recent version. He had a small smile on his face, but I knew that he was over the moon to have a new skull and a new kit. Sally had been paying attention it seemed.
“Do you John Watson take Sherlock to be your husband – to live together after God’s ordinance – in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer, for better, for worse, in sadness and in joy, to cherish and continually bestow upon him your heart’s deepest devotion, forsaking all others, keep yourself only unto him as long as you both shall live?”
John knew what Sherlock wanted to do, and he saw how hesitant Sherlock became. He wanted to go inside, to see how close the flat is to being finished. There was that nasty thought in his head that Sherlock longed to go home rather than be with him but he did his best to push it away. Sherlock loves Baker Street, and so does John.
Mycroft twirled his umbrella around and coolly said, "Have patience, John. We'll arrive at our destination in due time. For now, just relax."
They spent the rest of John’s lunch break in the park. When John looked at his watch and said that he had to be heading back, Sherlock complained loudly about his short break. John only sighed and kissed him, telling him that they were sitting the park for nearly an hour and that he would see him in a few hours.
The laughs grew louder and Sherlock’s cheeks flushed red at his impatience to hear John’s vows. John laughed with them and turned to the vicar.
John's lips quiver as he remembered every single detail about Sherlock. The way he styled his curls, the way they messed up when he slept. The cheekbones that could poke an eye out, resting on his face, causing his eyes to be small and slanted like a cat's. The blue irises that would change its color every so often. The crooked smile that Sherlock wore on occasion. The deep voice that could charm the pants right off of him. He can still feel the way Sherlock's lips were also so soft, so delicate compared to his own.
Watson thought. His hand clenched as he pieced together a response. It seemed like an eternity before he responded.
They both watched the Doctor strut through the streets like nothing could touch him. Sometimes John wanted to know what went through his head exactly, and what he’s seen. Surely somebody with a time-machine would’ve seen many things. And not all of those events could have been good. Watson interrupted him from his thoughts with a short burst of pleasant laughter.
John's hand started at the base of Sherlock's forehead and then slowly made its way back into the dark tresses that was his beautiful hair. His eyes were fixed now on his slumbering fiance whose chest rose softly before dropping down again. Everything was quiet, even the air. For a moment, John felt like he would lose his mind with the deafening silence in the room, in the whole house, he was sure that Holmes and Watson were done squabbling for the night and decided to retire for the evening, or just stew in their anger until the next day where they would resume their fighting. Sherlock and John have done that before, it never ended on a good note. It's even gotten so bad that they've almost broke up. Thank god for that case, he didn't want to stop loving Sherlock, not ever. The Doctor walked over to Sherlock and sat down on the tiny bit of space the detective left for him and rubbed soothing circles on his back and gave a small smile of reassurance to John.
At that, Mycroft rose out of the chair and held his hand out for Kylie to grab. She happily took it and then reached out for her father's. Mycroft and John walked out of the flat, leaving a snivelling Mrs. Hudson alone. John didn't understand how he missed the black car parked right outside of the flat. He opened the door and let Kylie crawl in first, then John, and then he got in and closed it. Kylie was resting her head on John's stomach, and intertwined her tiny fingers with his. He gave her hair a few strokes and then looked at Mycroft.
‘Can I have the bag, John?’ You asked with a bit of attitude. I wanted to make you fight for it, maybe tease you with it a few times, but you weren’t well and I didn’t want to make you feel worse. I handed it over to you and watched carefully as you tried to climb out of the bed without hurting yourself. I helped you as best as I could, I placed a hand on your waist, and grabbed your hand with my other.
It was unusually bright outside, and the weather conditions were perfect for a wedding, there were no dark clouds to ruin the perfectly lit sky, no random drops of rain, signaling that soon, there was to be a shower, the sun was out and shining as brightly as before, making each color it shone on that much more vivid and happy. It seems that today, just this once, nature would patiently wait just for Sherlock and John’s wedding.
I still don't know if you really said that, but if you did, I still want to know where a name like 'Little Dove' even entered your mind. Was it from one of your nursery rhymes you heard as a child? Was it name you heard on the telly and it stuck? It's not like I'm judging the name, it's actually a very nice one, I would like to know how it came to your mind like that. Sometimes I call her 'pup' or 'cadet' or even the traditional 'love', I could always use your name for her...but no...it's yours and I can't picture myself saying it to her. It sounds better hearing you say it.
“Fuck…” Was all John could say as Sherlock took his cock into his mouth. It didn’t take Sherlock long to make John hard. As soon his tongue touched the tip, it rose. Sherlock looked up at John with a smirk and said, “Were you looking forward to this?”
He hadn’t realized that Sherlock finished talking about his day, he didn’t even hear his name being called the first few times. It was only when a gentle hand was placed on his, and his boyfriend staring at him with soft eyes that he was snapped back to reality.
"Then you'll get married to him, and you'll be so happy, and he'll be happy, and there will be nothing else that can even come in comparison to it."
Holmes moved to hold Watson because he looked like he was seconds away from passing out. Holmes was the only one who seemed to be enjoying this.
"Now I know you are because you're deflecting me with sarcasm. It's the lowest form of wit, Sherlock."
“I love you, you know, that right? I couldn’t care any less whether these people agree or not, you’re my love, my Sherlock, and I will not let anything take you away from me again.”
“Don’t act like this is shocking. You know you’re the only person I’ve ever…you’re my only friend. I’m not the person that people call when they want to have ‘sleepovers’ and you know that.”
“Over time, you were seen everywhere with him, the doctor, your colleague, your flatmate, and I sat back and observed your behavior with him. And I noticed how different your attitude was towards him. You smiled a lot more, you laughed at his jokes, and you did a thousand times better on your cases, and started taking better care of yourself.”
“I remember, Sherlock, meeting you all those years ago, and seeing how troubled…how…I don’t even have the word to describe it. I guess the sufficient word would be lost. You were having all of those problems and refused any help that was offered, you were determined to do everything on your own. But I saw the look in your eyes, there was nothing there, not even when you were solving the crime of the century. You were on auto-pilot and doing everything you did simply because you had to. You did so much to feel something, anything was good enough for you, even pain, and I just couldn’t…well I couldn’t stand to see you that way, Sherlock, nobody could.”
'What about it?' I wanted to know, you can't give a doctor a half-arsed diagnosis, especially when it comes to someone they care about. After a few minutes of silence, of the doctor's hesitation, he finally spoke up.
“He is driven by the fear of harm coming to Sherlock, just as you and I are. He’s also a soldier, and we are only restricted to but a few emotions.”
‘I thought that Lestrade was on vacation. How could he leave you a case?’ I was confused, and a bit angry.
Watson gasped audibly. His eyes widened and he placed a hand on his mouth to conceal any sudden noises. John made an unsure frown and watched as Watson reacted. Watson was quiet for a while before he spoke again.
“And when they awaken, we shall all go out, it has been some time since the weather has been good to us and I intend to take advantage.”
John looked at the Doctor, by his facial expression, the Doctor knew that it his turn to provide the explanation.
“After that comes married life, Doctor. Sherlock and I…we want to live our lives, and don’t get us wrong, we’re having a blast being with you, you know, what with Sherlock getting a concussion and us meeting…us.”
Sherlock was the first to wake the next morning. He yawned and sat up, taking a moment to survey his surroundings. Then a smile came to his lips as he remembered. He was with his John, he felt a hand rest on his and turned to find John still fast asleep, snoring lightly and grasping Sherlock’s hand as if his life depended on it. Sherlock had half a mind to lay back down and just watch him sleep but Rosie chose to ruin the peaceful moment by crying. Sherlock watched carefully as John stirred but didn’t wake up. He must have been exhausted to not even be bothered by the baby’s cries. Sherlock left the bed in the slightest of movements and tiptoed to Rosie’s room. He entered the bright room and honed in on the infant who was sitting up and crying as loud as she could.
'Look, I know that this is hard for you. Don't hesitate to give me a ring, I care about him too, you know?' I knew that, of course, I did. I wasn't one for socializing then, Sherlock. I only talked to you, Mrs. Hudson and Molly. Taking care of both Kylie and you was very tiring, but I don't regret a thing. I gave him a brief smile and he removed his hand from my shoulder. He made his way to Kylie; I was holding her. He grinned and then placed a hand on her cheek. I don't think this was the first time he's met her, but he wasn't around much.
“He didn’t talk much after that. He went to her funeral, but he didn’t stay for the actual burial, that’s where I saw him first. He looked so…troubled. It was like he was already hurting, but this just made everything a thousand times worse. I decided to move in here, to check on him because from what Martha…my aunt…told me, he didn’t have a lot of friends, and nobody looked all that concerned about him, if they noticed his presence. Every time I went up there, he was in the same position, sitting on his chair with his head facing towards the window, some nights I would hear the violin playing. But the songs it produced were only somber. He barely ate; he would eat just enough to get by. Nobody ever came to visit him.”
Sherlock’s parents came. They hadn’t spoken a word to him since he got sick, if they ever knew about it, which they probably did. Mummy Holmes cried on her husband’s shoulder as they approached the coffin that held their youngest son. No parent should have to outlive their children. Mycroft made a brief appearance, he smiled at John, ignored his parents, and stared at Sherlock for so long that John was sure his eyes were going to burst into flames. John looked on as Mycroft was no doubt sharing a few words between himself and his brother. When he was finished, he ran a hand through Sherlock’s curls and left the chapel.
"Your love for him, as well as your loyalty, it's very....heartwarming....It renders me breathless at times, I will admit."
When I first laid eyes upon it, I was sure that it was simply my overactive imagination projecting the boy’s words into a realistic representation. I struck him, and told him to never lie to me again, but he insisted that I touch it, Doctor; he insisted that I lay but only a finger on the object to understand that it was not false, but in fact true. I wanted to believe him, you see, I wanted it to be real, as I can never be wrong nor can I ever be tricked by a lesser-mind. I walked up to what looked like the door, and gently applied my pointer finger to it and pressed on it. To my surprise, it was opened.”
"John? John! Do you want me to walk you home? Call a cab? I don't think you should be walking tonight."
With the next step Watson took, he heard a noise not belonging to his feet or his breathing. He was not alone. Already in a defensive stance, he spun around on his heel to where the sound came from. It was low, but noticeable.
Sherlock nodded, breathing heavily at the pleasure John was giving him. John looked over at his nightstand and pulled out the lube that he bought ages ago. He opened the bottle and dipped two fingers inside the bottle, slicking them so that he wouldn’t hurt Sherlock.
Hearing that, John couldn’t help but smirk at the compliment. It’s been awhile since he’s had any guests over, but Sherlock was more than that and he wanted to make him as happy as possible while he was staying with him. The man has had enough happen to him these past weeks, and it still filled him with shame and guilt that he was one of the reasons why Sherlock was in pain. He shook his head and clapped his hands together.
The first thing he did was fix the knocker, John couldn’t help but smirk at that. They walked right past Mrs. Hudson’s empty flat. John checked his watch, he should tell Sherlock that they had to get back home now, but he wanted to see 221B again. He missed that place the moment he left it. He didn’t have much when they first moved in, a few jumpers and shirts, two pairs of jeans, and his trusty loafers. Even when he was packing his things to live with Mary, he didn’t pack everything, just his clothes. He didn’t make his bed that morning, he left everything the way he touched it last. He thought that Sherlock would barge in and toss everything about like he always did, wouldn’t even notice that the bed wasn’t made. It wasn’t until after he left that he realized that he did that so Sherlock wouldn’t feel so alone, and it was cruel. He wasn’t a dog with separation anxiety, he was a grown man who lived along well before John hobbled into his life. But he felt guilty, and stood in the doorway, his clothes packed in the luggage Sherlock brought for him, staring at the bedroom that he had called home for years.
I told you that I had to, that we couldn’t keep this a secret any longer, they cared about you Sherlock, it didn’t look like it but we were a family of sorts, we all had each other. Together we were all just a bunch of lonely misfits.
Kylie started stirring around; it was almost time for me to feed her. Her little mouth started to quiver and her wonderful blue eyes started watering. With the wonderful skill of making bottles with one hand, I was able to whip one up in record time. As soon as I was able to actually settle down with Kylie and start to feed her, you shot up off the couch as if there was a fire lit underneath of you.
John and the Doctor were confused. Holmes? Watson? Where were they exactly? The man who was wearing the almost exact same thing as John, and almost looked like him, besides the moustache and the heavier build (and that he was slightly taller). The "Holmes" guy looked nothing like Sherlock except that they had the same look in their eyes, cold and analytical. He had a birdlike nose, and his face seemed gaunter and skinnier than Sherlock's, and his cheekbones could never compare to Sherlock's. Watson turned around and saw the disoriented detective in John's arms, struggling to stand on his own two feet.
“You’re caring, you’re nice to people. They look forward to you, and anyone who says otherwise is a complete and utter fool incapable of even processing their own thoughts. People already think you mad to be friends with me, let alone share the same roof with me.”
He gave Watson a moment, and then the doctor replied, "I'm trying to, Holmes, but not a thought comes to mind."
So, Scotland Yard had their annual Secret Santa yesterday, but it’s a week-long process to give people time to get gifts and covertly, not actually covertly ask their person what they want. Well, earlier in the week, Sherlock and I went to drop off some solved case files to Lestrade and, right before we could leave he pulled out a hat and told us to pick a name. There weren’t many names left, but I went first. Sherlock, of course, refused to take part in Secret Santa and deemed it as yet another “mindless, and idiotic indulgence of materialistic greed” I had to promptly remind him that he spent £100 on a shirt because he thought he looked good in it, although he claimed that it would help him on cases where he had to “seduce” yeah right. After my astute observation, as he would say, he rolled his eyes and pulled a name out of the hat. When we were in the cab, I peeked at the name and it was Greg. Sherlock looked over at my name and scoffed. When I asked to see his, he didn’t show me and said that it defeats the purpose of the secret. I had a feeling he peeked while we were leaving the building and wasn’t telling me because he wasn’t happy with his choice, which could have been anyone in the whole police force.
“How long have you had that?” Shock and amusement laced Sherlock’s voice. John didn’t answer immediately. He grabbed the bottle and two glasses and took his seat.
Leg hurts. The limp made a brief appearance yesterday while he was walking from the nursery school Kylie attended. His leg nearly caved in, but John was a soldier, he learned to deal with the pain and keep moving. Ella was no help, she always told him "Talk to people, use your blog, in order to cope you have to tell someone how you feel..." Wasn't that the very reason why he sought her out? She was a therapist, someone you talk to in order to feel at least a little bit better about yourself. She was rubbish, in his opinion, but he knew that he was never going to stop seeing her.
The baby was now sat in Sherlock’s lap, mesmerized by a pigeon next to their bench. Sherlock’s eyes were glued to John now as he reminisced.
There goes that perfect memory. Reflexively, John looked down at his hands. His fingers spread out. He looked back up at Sherlock and smiled.
‘John!’ You knew that you were going to be released from what you called, ‘Medical hell’, and you couldn’t be happier. I smiled in response; it felt good to see you as what I would define chipper. Once I was at your bedside I gave you a quick kiss, you were reluctant to pull away from me. When you did, your attention went to the overnight bag I was carrying immediately. You tried to snatch it from me, but luckily enough, I was able to move my hand out of the way so that all you grabbed was air. You pouted.
John perked up at the very real and very exciting prospect of sleeping with Sherlock Holmes. He nodded and walked into the room to prepare the bed. It had been so long since he’s slept with another person in the bed, and the fact that it was Sherlock, his best friend, best man, the…the man he loved, it made the man simply giddy. Was Sherlock just as excited as he was? He hoped so. As soon as John was dressed and ready for bed, Sherlock came in wearing his classic grey t-shirt and striped pants.
"If we're going to be staying here, we're going to have to fit in! Get ready for a Victorian makeover..."
“Bored?” John was trying to keep his tone level. Sherlock thought he was bored of him? Uninterested? He surely was a madman.
“Yes, I do blog about cases. It’s like writing a journal about yourself, or what you think about something. In my case, I do the write-ups for Sherlock’s cases, after he solves them, naturally.”
He kisses Kylie on the head. She smiles and snuggles closer to her father. So full of love and warmth; John wondered how he could steal that from her.
When he does wake up, it’s nearly eleven. He comes out of the room, hair poking out all over the place, yawning, rubbing his puffy eyes. When he looks at John and Rosie, he frowns and his shoulders sag.
“So that means that none of us here has any clue as to where Holmes or Sherlock is. This is just great; this is what I look forward to.”
Sherlock nodded while laughing. The audience laughed with them, though theirs were drowned out by the obvious tears invoked by John’s passionate speech.
John could almost hear the voice in his head shouting at him. Wasn't it right? He was judging his daughter who he barely knew. He was disgusted at himself for even thinking such harsh thoughts.
and it was tiring and irritating. His restless sleep, coupled with taking care of Rosie at night, he hadn’t sleep in four days, save for the catnaps he would take when the baby was napping. And it showed. It showed whenever he would snap at John for minor things like the tea being too hot, and he hated himself every time he did it. He apologized immediately after, and John would look at him with a face that read nothing but sympathy, and he hated himself for that. He shouldn’t be acting this way, he had been okay for so long living with John, and now to him the days were just…plain boring.
"I hope you don't think that we were past lovers, John, because if you do, you are mistaken. Besides, do you even go for stuff like that, Doctor?"
John was walking up the stairs to Holmes and Watson's flat to wake the doctor. He knew that it was late and that he was sleeping, but this was important, Sherlock is ill and this is Holmes's fault so the least he could do was spare a few minutes to give John the morphine he promised. He opened the door quietly and moved at a snail's pace so that he wouldn't disturb Holmes or give both of the men a fright and think that somebody was breaking into their home. The flat was dreadfully quiet and dark. He tiptoed on the floor and avoided the furniture so that he wouldn't make any noise. In the first room he encountered, he heard noises. It sounded like grumbling added with the random clanking of items. That was Holmes's room. From what John heard, he was upset about something, or very concentrated. He didn't want to disturb him anyway, he was already upset for letting John and Sherlock stay the night and he most certainly wouldn't be happy that John was in his flat at and ungodly hour of the night, sneaking around in it. John made his way up more stairs, thankfully none of them creaked as he pressed his foot on the boards. He then walked over to Watson's door and held up his fist before making contact with the wood of the door. He only had to wait a moment before he heard footsteps nearing the door. Watson opened the door, holding nothing but a candle.
"He told me that one day I would grow up to marry this wonderful man who would compliment me, and make me feel good, and love me."
He lost it at Sherlock’s face. His mouth hung open and his eyes were wide. He was offended at John’s praising. “John Watson!”
But your search, the one about the loved ones, it had me thinking. While the surgery might work, it might not, and what then? I couldn’t wait to tell everyone when you were admitted into hospital that same day. They had to know sooner or later. We had to tell them about this. You hated me for it, but I had no other option."
You mumbled something into my shoulder, but I couldn’t understand it. I don’t think I wanted to either; I was busy trying to save your life. Look at what good that did.
‘They may be for precaution, Sherlock, but it’s nearly empty.’ I sounded so defeated. You heard it in my voice because your eyebrows softened, and your perfect mouth was shaped into a frown. You weren’t trying to upset me, I know that now, but you ended up doing it anyway.
You sounded like you were protesting, but I had to do it. You were in pain, and I couldn’t have you in pain. I picked up my mobile and dialed 999. I informed them of what was going on and they said that they’ll be there as quickly as they could. They got there in about eight minutes, you made an off-hand comment about that one day, and I thought it was completely random, but now the information is as useful as ever. They were placing you onto the gurney softly, but you wouldn’t let go of me. You hated hospital, I know you did Sherlock, but it was for your own good. You were carried out of the cart and into the ambulance. They wouldn’t let me join you. Kylie was crying and I was sitting on the bed trying to wrap my head around everything that just happened. I remember saying that this is nothing, just some stomach bug; you would be back home later today.
"I'm fine my good man, but I'm sure that our friend here is in need of aid. You see, because we were running at an unusually fast pace, I did not see this gentleman coming into my path and so we collided and I'm afraid he may have something of a concussion now. What can you do about that, Watson?"
Holmes pretended to fiddle around with the various chemicals in front of him but gave Sherlock a passing, “Morning.”
Sherlock said that to him once. John believed him too, that it would always be them. But now, it’s John Watson-Holmes, the lonely soldier. The widowed father.
They left, but not before they talked to me in the hallway. They told me that weren’t going to talk about your illness and make you feel worse about it, they said that they didn’t want to focus on that. They only wanted to see you again, Sherlock, just like I told you. We are a grim bunch but we know our limits. Of course they felt bad for you, but they were never going to say that to your face, they know you Sherlock. They left, Mrs. Hudson had Kylie in tow with her. I trusted her to get home safe, that’s her grand-daughter, practically, and Mrs. Hudson is a tough one, she wouldn’t let any harm come to Kylie. This was an added bonus for us because that meant that I could be alone with you for a time.
Turning his attention the newly put out ingredients for his breakfast, he rubbed his hands together and said, "Right, off we go."
“I’ve got to get Kylie now. She’s with Mrs. Hudson. Her nursery school is not far from Baker Street. We don’t live there, anymore…I can’t…there’s too many memories and I can’t handle all of that at the moment. Mrs. Hudson, she picks her up and I stop off and get her. I should probably…get going, yeah?”
He made his way to Baker Street, he and Sherlock called it home, and then after a while, only Sherlock called it such a name. He stared at the building; it was definitely showing its age, like John himself. Walking inside on brought the feeling of nostalgia from decades ago. He saw images of him and Sherlock bouncing around the staircase, running back and forth, usually John trailed behind Sherlock, and walking up to Mrs. Hudson’s door to ask her for food or something to help with their case. He knocked on the former landlady’s door only to find a woman who was many years younger than the original owner. She looked similar to Mrs. Hudson, so obviously a relative. She smiled warmly at the sight of the ex-soldier.
You were sat on our bed one night, or was it in the afternoon? I forget. You weren't under the covers, you were just sitting there. You looked miles away, and you were frowning. Your frowns killed me, I just wanted you to smile like you used to, Sherlock. I was stood in the doorway for a while, about five to ten minutes. You didn't even blink. I walked over to you and I said your name once, twice, three times and there was no response. I was going to leave you alone and let you have your privacy but then I heard your baritone voice.
He wrapped them both in a big hug, nearly squeezing the life out of them. Holmes looked up at the stage, it was empty, and out of all the instruments in the back, he found the one he was looking for. Immediately, he snapped his head towards Sherlock and John.
Still, even though Sherlock didn’t move much lately, and missed nearly all their lunch dates, he still managed to keep a steady and watchful eye over John.
“I understand where you’re coming from. I can’t lie, there are times where I have to step outside the flat and get a breather, but that’s only when we have a row and we’re both angry. I always come back though, and then I curl up in b---…It’s safe to say that everything is okay in the morning because we both realize that we do like being around each other, love being around each other, and there’s nowhere else we’d rather be.”
“Because, Sherlock, they feed off of the time energy of your life. For however long you live, that’s how much they eat.”
'I can't even eat food anymore, John!' You sounded so pained. You weren't one for eating but this, I never thought that I would see you upset over food. It took me nearly twenty minutes just to get you to eat a piece of toast! This was...it was horrible...I knew why you were so upset. You were upset because you weren't going to be able to be your own person anymore, you didn't want me Mother Henning you twenty-four seven, you weren't going to be you anymore and it terrified you. You leaned on me and then you closed your eyes. You weren't sleeping, but it was very taxing on you. You threw up all of the food you ate. I knew Sherlock, I knew that this was the beginning of the end.
"Well, I'm here now, and we can go anywhere you want. Consider it a wedding gift, speaking of that, when is the lucky day?" The Doctor tried to bring the happy vibe back, before the oppressive and mournful air returned, and he has enough of that. Enough to last him centuries.
“Why would you want to know something like that? If this is an alternate reality and John and I are still together, then things must not be that different.”
“I never touched anything upstairs. I always liked to think that you left the bed a mess because you were coming back. It’s pathetic, I know.” His sad smile shattered John’s heart.
“I think she wants to hear your voice. Let me just quiet her down for a second. Are you busy right now?”
Greg talked with you about the crimes that have been committed as of late, I’ve heard of a few of the ones he was describing from the telly. If I’m not mistaken, you solved a few of them while he was giving you the rundown. He didn’t have much to say, and he probably had a mind to return to the Yard while the culprits you provided for him were still fresh in his mind. He didn’t leave with the group, he clapped a hand on your shoulder and gave you a comforting smile before he was off. Gave me a short wave as we made eye contact. Molly’s shift was starting soon, so she told us that she had to head out soon. Mrs. Hudson said something about ringing her sister, I think she just got hip surgery at the time. They were there for a whole half hour and you said nothing of it, if you even realized. I’m sure you did, but you missed their company, even if you refused to admit it.
‘I would also like to tell you now that I will miss you. You’ve only been with me five months, and I’ve already come to care for you as much as I do John.’
“It may be, and it may not be. What matter is it if it is cliché? If you try to fight me, I’ll make sure Watson and John find their way to their graves.”
John’s lip quivered and he shook his head. He kissed Sherlock again, pulled away, and then kissed him again.
At this point, I was ready to lash out at you, to throw the pill bottle at you and scream. I wanted to yell at you for not telling me, for waiting so long, for making me crazy with worry for you, for not letting me help you. But you didn’t need that, and I didn’t need that, and Kylie was sleeping.
"These eyes may not be as sharp as years past, but I warn you, I am a soldier and I am well-equipped to handle a fight, with or without arms so I shall tell you once again to show yourself!"
Watson grabbed his teacup and walked over to the kitchen counter and ser the teacup down. He then walked back over and grabbed Holmes’s.
‘This young lady here refuses to let us see Sherlock! She says that we’re not allowed to see him, bollocks!’ If Mrs. Hudson could spit fire, she would have. Molly impatiently tapped her foot before she decided to chime in.
Sherlock’s chest started to heave as he began his rant and John saw the glistening of tears in his eyes as he poured his heart out to him. “I should be used to this feeling by now, of rejection. I’ve been rejected so…so many times, John. It hurt, it always hurt but I never thought that you would end being one of the people that reject…”
She flashed her smile at me again before making her way down the stairs. I shut the door and looked at you. God you looked so beautiful laying there on the couch, next thing I knew I was all over you, kissing you and gently nibbling on your neck. You tried to not give in, but you did, you always do in the end. We shagged on the couch that night, all the delight I felt from our meeting with Susanne flowed through me, and I wanted to make you feel the same. But that was one of the last few special nights that we shared together.
He started walking first and they followed soon after. London seemed more crowded than before, and they spent a good long while pushing past the large crowd and into a more secluded area.
So, he stayed home with him, taking care of Sherlock and Rosie as he thought of ways to get the love of his life help. He waited until they were both in bed, John had a feeling that Sherlock would find a way to leave the bed again and waste the rest of the night watching crap telly, so he had to speak to him sooner than later. Sherlock had turned off his lamp, only John’s side of the room was lit. John knew he wasn’t asleep. He rolled over, he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and nuzzled his nose into the inside out shirt.
"John." John's head shoots up as his name is called. His hands were pretty interesting at the moment. Ella is staring down at him with a genial smile, but the skeptic in him is telling him that she's giving the "Let's talk about your problems some more" smile. She waved her hand at him, which signaled that he could leave his chair and step into her office. John always felt smaller in here, and so he braced himself, just in case. He twiddled his thumbs and listened to the ambiance that surrounded them while they said nothing. He heard her pen scraping against the paper and his eyes darted over to her.
time Sherlock can say that he’s been happy is only when John is around. The love of his life, his blogger, his doctor…
It was after Mrs. Hudson went back to Baker Street that the two tried to settle back into where she left off. Rosie was fed and dry and happy, so the men had more time to themselves than they had originally thought. Sherlock was sitting at the table, surveying the environment around him. The table was sturdy enough, he supposed. It was good for eating, and then that brief naughty thought that maybe it was good for more popped into his head and he smiled. It wasn’t his table that he had at Baker Street. His table,
“Thank you.” He readjusted Rosie and walked down the hall. He found John hunched over his desk finishing up some paperwork before he went on his break. Sherlock smiled softly at the sight and knocked on the door three times. John looked up and was surprised at first, but his shock gave way to a grin.
Sherlock’s lips quivered and he nodded. He almost lost his resolve when John kissed his nose again and got up to walk over to the kitchen. Sherlock tilted his head and saw the love of his life hum softly as he gathered the pots and utensils to cook their dinner. His eyes wandered over to the vase of flowers.
If he remembered correctly, he was sitting here because the other boys decided that they had no other way to spend their free-time than beating him up. None of the other children liked him, so they didn't tell on the boys who beat him up. They just left him there, bleeding, bruised, and crying. They all resumed their playing as Sherlock collected all of the stuff they knocked out of his backpack, sniveling and miserable. This was the day after Redbeard died, so he was particularly vulnerable to the students' hatred. It was only because he had no one to talk to about it, he had no friends now that Redbeard was gone. He was alone.
So I LOVE Sir Elton John, and of course I'll never miss an opportunity to use my absolute favorite song "Your Song" for one of my OTPs.
He heard a short whistling noise and felt a pinch in his throat. Feeling the area around, he felt the dart. He fell on top of Watson’s unconscious body and forced his body to fight the effects of the poison just enough to see who done it. Unfortunately, the drug was potent and it worked quickly, his vision was already blurred and all he could make out was a man’s body slowly inching towards him.
'You know, John,' You began, 'I...I had my suspicions about the surgery being a success, about it not working, about them missing something...but I had you and so I figured that nothing bad could happen when you are at my side. A small part of me knew that it didn't work, that I wasn't cancer-free...'
“And then, if you’re feeling up to it and Rosie stays asleep, I could give you a bath, and your hair a good wash. Is that okay?”
His voice was soft and shaky from his recent bout of tears. John was tired, but he didn’t want Sherlock to think it was his fault, he thought a lot of things were his fault. All he could do was smile warmly and nod, rubbing his back in soft circles. He had a hunch as to why Sherlock wanted to walk, he looked as tired as John did. They gave one last farewell to Angelo and set off. They walked, hand-in-hand down the street, Sherlock was more attentive than John as to where they were walking and John, being too tired, full, and content with his night, let Sherlock drag him wherever he wanted. As was the usual. They didn’t talk, it was just the sounds of cars passing by and their footsteps. Suddenly, Sherlock stopped, John bumped into him.
Sherlock looked away, and for a moment he looked…he looked sad. John didn’t want him to wear that face. He didn’t want to see Sherlock suffer like he did.
John spun around to find a Weeping Angel standing right behind The Doctor ready to attack, with its claws out and mouth baring its awful stone fangs to The Doctor's back. The door that held it back was now opened.
Sherlock shook his head, afraid that his voice would wake her. John walked over to the two and gave them kisses. He looked tired.
They were staring at each other for a long while before the Doctor gave a loud cough, causing both of them to jump and snap their heads in his direction.
It was cozy looking, he supposed, quaint little thing. Lauren was right, it was deep in the country, took John a few hours to get here. The colors were comfortable, pale and pastel. There were lavender bushes growing in the front, along with other miscellaneous plants around the house. Sherlock would have never planted that, so it might be some of the things Janine left behind. He stood in front of the car for who knows how long. The sun was setting, changing the colors of the sky into something from a beautiful painting. Was anybody home? He couldn’t tell if the lights were on or not because of the sky.
"Why do we always use the same dishes? We have lots of plates and bowls and cups inside of the cupboards."
She trailed off and cried. John was on alert, as gently as he could, he moved her out of the way and made his way to her flat. Once he was inside he saw Kylie sitting there, she was unharmed and wearing a smile. John let out the breath he was holding. She was alright, of course she was okay. What he wasn't expecting was Mycroft Holmes sitting at the table with her, stroking her hair and staring at her like she was a cherished doll. He knew better, he knew that Mycroft did love her, she was his niece, she was the last thing he had that reminded him of Sherlock. If she wasn't their daughter, then John would not be getting the money that Mycroft sent. Everything seemed okay, she was smiling at him, and Mycroft didn't seem like he was in any immediate hurry to get to his next meeting or whatever he did. That still didn't explain why Mrs. Hudson was crying. What was it that Mycroft wasn't telling him?
He talk to Ella, to Greg, and to Molly as many times as he wanted, but it couldn't get rid of the void in his heart. It ached the most at night, which is why he dulled the pain by downing as much of the bottle as he could. Of course, the effects would only last so long. Sometimes he would just lay in bed until Kylie came and practically dragged him out of bed so that he could walk her to school. He would see her staring at him out of the corner of his eye. He never said anything to her when he was like that, he would only respond to her comments and eventually she would give up and they would continue in silence. Sometimes it felt like she wasn't happy to come home to him. On his bad days, that is. He would come and pick her up from Mrs. Hudson's flat and when she laid her eyes on him, he would see her smile falter, he never brought that up either. He wondered what Mrs. Hudson must have thought of him. Was she disappointed in him? Did she pity him? He would never know because he would never ask. He let out a choked sob, maybe he could have a good cry, he was alone, after all. John sat up in his chair and then he waited, just one tear, that's all. He couldn't even do that.
And, what's more, the boy had a clearly distinct English accent. That's when he put it together, they were still in England, and they went back in time instead of forward. He saw people gazing at the police box with curiosity before returning on their way, no doubt trying to mind their business. The Doctor went back inside and closed the door. Sherlock and John were staring at him, waiting for him to say something so that they can embark on whatever it is he has planned, but at the sight of his face, they were worried.
“You have every right, Holmes. But we can do nothing about that, they will be husbands, they desire each other in a way that our society forbids us to. They can do what we can’t. They are happy, as we should be. I am tremendously overjoyed for the two, of course I wish to be in their place but such is the way of human nature, and as I said before, we all wish to be happier. So why not channel our happiness to them, give our support and show them that there is nothing that we want more than for them to be together and be happy for as long as they shall live? We share the same love they harbor for one another, let us think of that and only that. Being unhappy for them won’t change our roles at all, we’ll still be like this, and they’ll still be together. Tell me Holmes, where is the harm in that?”
Sherlock and John shared a mental laugh at the slight change in dialogue. It is supposed to be “husband and wife” but this wasn’t the case.
"I highly doubt that John would lie about work. Who would lie about going to work? I know I wouldn't. But don't think about that, think about that one place that's been on your mind, think Sherlock, do what you were born to do and think."
He spun Watson around and pushed him out of the room before closing the door. He let out a breath when he heard the muttering and footsteps fade. John crossed his arms and stared the Doctor down.
Remember when I said update times were going to be erratic? Lol you guys are troopers, for those that are still reading or are just now picking up on it.
I think I might make this a series, I think that this has the potential for at least two more parts.
John shook his head. Sherlock’s hands hovered above his face and landed on his cheeks. “I love your cheeks so much, so round and soft. I love your face. You have the face of a soldier, and I don’t just mean because of the army. I hope that when you look into the mirror you see the most handsome man on earth, because that’s how I feel every time I see you.”
She beams at his playful smirk. She gives him a salute and then scurries off into the kitchen to get her cup of water. When he's sure that she was gone, his smile disappeared as quickly as it showed up and he unlocked his phone to read the message.
"It's quite alright, sir, he can rest for a while but we have to constantly monitor his actions over the course of the evening."
“It’s a personal website where people post entries about themselves or their silly little opinion on something or another. John uses his to write up my cases, however.”
I was done heating up the bottle after a few minutes, and so I gave it to you because you looked like you wanted to feed her. You shook your head and gave it back to me. You weren't ready yet, you still didn't hold her, that wasn't until much....much later...
‘I just wanted to get a good look at you is all.’ You spoke softly; I’ve rarely heard you speak like that. Your hand raised and you placed it on my cheek. You rubbed the pad of your thumb against it, feeling the stubble from my recent shaving. The sensation was incredible, even from that simple gesture. You were leaning in now, and I knew that you were moving in to kiss me. I moved around to make things more comfortable. Your lips were pressed against mine and I was euphoric. You moved in deeper, or maybe that was me, and I felt your tongue intertwine with my own. My hands moved to your back, I let them roam all over your body, they made their way to your bum, and I gave it a squeeze. You pulled away from me and opened your eyes. We were both staring at each other and breathing heavily. Your eyes were colored by the moon, and how beautiful they looked. We stared at each other with longing, we both wanted this, you just couldn’t bring yourself to do it and I didn’t want to force you.
He thought bitterly. She hugged him once more, catching him off guard and causing him to tip back at the force of her body colliding into his. She whispered, "I love you, papa."
If I can remember correctly, you weren’t speaking very much. Normally, that wouldn’t have bothered me because I know how you slipped into your mind palace for hours at a time, but this time, this time I needed you to talk to me, to know that you were alright. You never understood that it was okay to not be okay, no matter how many times I told you.
“Love! Jesus, I want to take you out, okay? I want to spoil you, and treat you like a proper boyfriend. Please let me do this for you?”
“You know Watson, you can tap your foot all you want but I doubt that’ll make them appear any faster.”
John gave him a curt nod. He understood, he was going to have to go home anyway. He takes his time with this drink. After a few minutes passed, Greg set down his empty glass and let out a sigh. John sat up a bit to listen to whatever it was that he was going to say. Greg folded his hands and stared at John. His eyes were red and bloodshot from a long day at work. He rubbed at the stubble on his chin for a brief moment, he was getting his thoughts together. Finally, he set down his hand and started to speak.
John rises with the baby in his arms and walks over to Sherlock. He kisses him and smiles to reassure him. “It’s alright, I’m not mad at you. We’ll take this slow.”
“Don’t think like that, Sherlock. I’m sure that whoever drew your name got you something, can’t really speak for the quality of that gift mind you.”
Without replying, John turned back around and cautiously made his way back to their bedroom. When he stepped inside, he found Sherlock still asleep, and he couldn't help but smile to himself as he watched his husband. Sherlock looked younger, if that was even possible, and he was more at peace, which he needed. There was some times where John would watch him sleep, and see a frown creep up on Sherlock's face. It saddened him to see Sherlock like that. John just wants him to be happy, finally, like everyone else.
And now they shall have you. All it takes is for one of you to die, the time-lines will alter, and one of them shall be deleted from all time and history. The energy from said universe shall seep through all space and time, and the angels shall have a feast for many eons to come. And I get to feel the satisfaction of killing you, Holmes. For you are one and the same. I’ll admit, it will get rather dull without your presence, for a better past-time, I shall never find again.”
John cupped Sherlock’s chin and raised it up to make eye contact. Without words, he brought Sherlock into a kiss. It was urgent, his tongue parting Sherlock’s plump lips desperately searching for his boyfriend’s. Sherlock moaned, his breath shaky from steadying tears. John’s hands cupped both sides of Sherlock’s face, his head titling to get as deep into the kiss as possible. Sherlock wrapped his own hands around John’s waist, moving closer to do the same. They pulled apart, and stared into the other’s eyes, breathing heavily. A sense of longing, lust, guilt, and remorse filled their eyes. Longing to be together again, lusting for the intimacy that they craved, guilt for waiting so long to finally have each other, and remorse for all the years they spent, torturing the other with unspoken words.
John wiped away the tears and looked up at Sherlock. So soft and beautiful, he wanted to touch him so bad. He wanted to cry again because he knew that he wouldn’t be able to.
"Look, I know that you haven't been having the best time of your life right now, not since Sherlock...since Sherlock passed. I understand that you miss him, and you have every right to, hell, I miss him!"
'Easy, love, easy...' I said as you looked like you were panicking. You settled back into the water at the sight of me and your eyes were wide and you looked like your chest was heaving like you were catching your breath.
He would stare at the picture on the fridge, of Sherlock and John just before they said "I do". Those were happier days. He would close his eyes and think about Sherlock on that beautiful day, and he would smile to himself.
Sherlock went to move in for John's lips but John let go of Sherlock's hind quarters and rested them on his arms so he could stop him. Sherlock's smile was gone at the look on John's face. John looked serious, but not upset.
“Okay, okay. I love your eyes. I absolutely love your eyes, Sherlock. I love the fact that they’re so expressive on you. Even when you think you’re being this stone-cold detective, your eyes always give you away. They’re so blue, sometimes they’re a mixture of blue and green, they’re absolutely stunning, Sherlock.”
Holmes’s smile faded at the sentence. He never thought of Watson like that. Sure he called him “His dear Watson” but he never actually thought that it held some sort of sentimental value. He saw the officers’ faces whenever he said that to Watson at a crime-scene, but he never took the time to understand why they reacted the way they did. Even Watson was found with a slight blush at the utterance of the sentence.
I am determined to finish this fic, it's not right to the people that read it that I leave it incomplete. I fall out of the mood to write this and then get filled with the energy to write a chapter so please bear with me.
Sherlock followed instructions for once and swallowed hard as he fought everything in his body that was screaming for him to close his eyes, for him to blink. But if it moves every time they blink, then maybe it wouldn’t hurt to listen, just this once. He couldn’t see what the others were doing, but out of the corner of his eye, he could see Holmes and Watson following directions but forming their own opinions on the matter. They might have been communicating without saying anything.
“That’s her, “The Woman”. She is another long story, she’s actually part of the reason John and I…well that wasn’t till later. You see…I “died” for two years. My poor John, I didn’t mean to put him through that. “
You were oddly quiet; love, but I understood the reason. You wanted to hear the news of our impending baby.
Sherlock groaned and stirred again. John’s brows furrowed at Sherlock’s distressed face. When Sherlock didn’t stop moving, and his stirring changed into thrashing, he knew that he was suffering. He was having a nightmare.
"I only acted like that to see if you would tell me the truth, Doctor. But you didn't. I was actually surprised that John managed to lie to me without getting me to figure it out until now. I really believed that you had work today."
John tries to hide his disappointment when Sherlock only eats two and a half biscuits out of the five on his plate, and drinks four sips of his now cold tea. He kisses him again and tells him that he’s here for him, and asked if he wanted to go back to bed. Sherlock shook his head and said that he wanted to lie on the couch with him and the baby. It was a tight fit, but they made it work. Sherlock was holding Rosie while resting on his side between John’s legs. John was stroking his curls softly and whispering sweet nothings into his ear.
"Usually, when you go to see him, you get sad and then you drink from the bottles in the living room and then ask me to sleep with you that night. I only asked because I don't like seeing you like this. I want to see you happy, and I never see you happy anymore."
He looked over at me and gave me a dismissive nod before walking out of the flat. I thought I heard you whisper something like 'Prat' under your breath.
“I suppose you are right. But what worries is the fact that they were advised to stay behind, possibly for good reason?”
The voice screamed on the quiet street. It was almost midnight. Sherlock's brows furrowed at the person calling his name, not only was it late, but it was annoying. But there was that lingering feeling in Sherlock that he knew the stranger shouting his name. He set his tea cup down and then stood up and walked over to the window. Sherlock couldn't believe his eyes. There was a blue police box in the middle of the street, and he was most certain that it was not there just a moment ago. And in front of the police box was a man. His hair was swooped to the side, and he was wearing a jacket, with suspenders, and bowtie...
‘Don’t worry, Mrs. Hudson, everything will be alright.’ You whispered softly as she cried onto your shoulder. I fought the urge to hug you myself, Sherlock. I stood with my hands clasped together, so that I could remain calm. I had to be strong for you, love, I was your soldier.
They stared at each other for who knows how long. It seemed like time never passed when they were in the company of each other. Both of the men found each other in their darkest moments, and neither could really explain nor tell the other just how grateful they are for meeting each other all those years ago.
"I don't want you doing anything just yet, but knowing how bored you can get, Holmes is upstairs and I think you two will get along well."
I took the opportunity to tell them about your upcoming procedure to get the cancer cells removed from your body, and that the odds of you being healthy again were high. Still no response.  You looked unsettled, Sherlock, and you had every right to be, hell you didn’t even want to tell me that you were feeling ill.
“If you were to tell me that statues could move days before all of this, I would be quite the skeptic. Wouldn’t you, Holmes?”
Mycroft came right out and said, "It has come to my attention that you have started drinking, John. As well as fall into depressive states that cause you to ignore your daughter, who also happens to be my niece if I might add."
John smirked and began to help collect the silverware and soiled napkins, since Sherlock ran off with their plates in a haste. It seemed like an eternity between them. Sherlock took the pots and began washing them, and John walked around him, storing the leftovers of the food, placing the silverware in the sink, and binning the used napkins. He rested his back against the counter next to Sherlock, and crossed his arms. Sherlock scrubbed furiously at the clean plate. John placed a hand on Sherlock’s back.
“No! No, Sherlock, I can’t risk it; I won’t risk it with you, any of you. You two have a wedding coming up and you have to get back to your world, and you two, Holmes and Watson, you cannot get harmed, or else the timelines will be messed up and trust me when I say, nobody wants that.”
After I put Kylie to sleep that night, I crawled back into the bed and you were still asleep. I stared at your sleeping form for a while before I fell asleep myself.
His hand moves to the mess of curls and runs his fingers through them, careful not to wake Sherlock. The man lets out a soft moan and John grins. In all regards he was beautiful.
Sherlock frowned and walked over to the crib. “What’s the matter, Rosie?” He picked her up and felt her diaper. It didn’t feel full. There was also no foul stench emanating from her, for which he was grateful. He rubbed her back and bounced gently hoping that it would do the trick. She quieted down a little, but she was still upset.
Watson could not handle it any longer; Holmes was being extra vulnerable since they’ve encountered Sherlock and John. Maybe this was a good thing.
Sherlock felt the blush rising in his cheeks as he thought about all the future kisses they would share. All the days and nights he would fall asleep and wake up in John’s arms. He was so excited to finally be with John, and not just as best friends or flat mates or even as bedmates. He was allowed be
John, John on the other hand, he noticed the sharp decline in Sherlock’s spirit and so he spent every day since it’s appearance trying to help. He tried to remind Sherlock to bathe when he got particularly smelly, he even bathed him sometimes, washing his hair so it wouldn’t become a tangled mess in the future. He tried to spend every minute he wasn’t at work with or around Sherlock. He would take all his meals with Sherlock in the living room. Their dinners mostly consisted of just John eating while Sherlock laid on the couch, ignoring the freshly-made pumpkin soup that John was trying out. John wasn’t mad, he wouldn’t be able to call himself a doctor if he got mad at Sherlock. Depression was a very real illness, and he figured out quite early on in their time together that Sherlock suffered from it often. John had been just as depressed before meeting him. His diet only consisted of two bites of an apple and maybe a glass of water, he laid in bed because the pain in his leg was too much for him after his discharge, he doesn’t know how much longer he would have made it without meeting Sherlock. While his boyfriend had always tried to twist the words, he knows that Sherlock had confessed to him that he felt the same. But now things are different, Sherlock is not okay, the worst it had been in a while for John. It worried him a lot, and so he nearly begged for his boss to let him take time off, his boyfriend’s mental health came first.
“She was a bit of a hassle at first, but after she ate she warmed right up to me, didn’t you, Rosie?”
You handed back over to me and then placed your hands on your lap. You smiled at me, and I didn’t know what to do so I returned the smile and then I left, not before I placed a kiss on your lips. I felt like there was nothing much to say after that. How could I possibly go back to having casual conversation after you practically said goodbye to Kylie? This was only the beginning, though. After this, came three long, depressing weeks.
‘This is not how I want to be remembered. Not as this Sherlock.’ You whispered to me once again. I told you that they weren’t going to pity you, they weren’t going to dote on you, they were going to do their jobs as friends and comfort you same as I would. You threatened me when you realized that I would not drop the topic.
'I'm going to go bald, aren't I?' You loved your hair so much, sure you would make little comments about how stubborn it could be, but you loved each curl on that head, the curls are part of what made you...you. I knew how much you were hurting about this, I pulled into an embrace but I didn't stroke your curls, I didn't want to be the reason for more of them falling out. You asked me again if you were going to go bald, and I told you that I couldn't answer that, I didn't know.
“Don’t try to butter me up, John. I know that me participating in this will only result in humiliation, hell, they probably did all of this to play some sort of cruel trick on me. People like you, John, and you chat up the officers while we’re there, they’ll get you a nice gift. Maybe a watch since yours stopped working, or a tie since you like to wear those to work. They might even get you a jumper worth more than their paycheck because you’re you, John Watson!”
As John was helping Sherlock with his coat, Sherlock said, ‘I want to walk a bit before we head home, will that be alright?”
He clenches the glass, he almost breaks it. The thought of Sherlock's skin, so gentle, so pale and iridescent. The way it felt in John's hands, the feeling of it pressed against John's body. It made him happy at first, but then he remembered, the absence of it. The cold feeling of knowing that he'll never feel it again, never be able to see it unless he was staring at a picture, or watching an old video. His mind wanders to the last moments he had with Sherlock, at Barts. The way Sherlock's eyes sagged in, and those lips that he loved so much, twisted into a frown of pain and melancholy, the curls that Sherlock spent so much time on, thinning and dry. That wasn't Sherlock Holmes-Watson lying in that hospital cot. That wasn't his husband. That wasn't the genius that everybody loved. He specifically told John not to remember him like that, as that, husk that slowly withered away. He told John to remember him as the person he was before, as the man he fell in love with. John promised him only because Sherlock asked him to. John would do anything Sherlock asked him to.
“You raise an interesting point, Sherlock. But, I can’t go on all of these….wibbly-wobbly timey-wimey adventures without my companions!”
The day it happened, the day you realized that you had no choice but to go to Barts, you were sat on the bed recovering from your shouting match. I stood in front of you shaking my head at your stubbornness. At this point, I was angry, not as much as you, but I was pretty ticked.
John opened his mouth to protest, but Sherlock let go of his hand and was already walking to go inside of the police box.
I didn’t want to hear your goodbye, Sherlock. I did everything I could to make the days pass by without fear of having to give me the mournful words that you gave everybody else. I couldn’t bear to have you staring at me with those sad eyes, and tell me that you regret that we didn’t have more time together. I didn’t want to hear you apologize for something that you couldn’t have helped. I was in denial during your last days, Sherlock. I would come in with that stupid smile on my face, and I talk with you like we were back at the flat and it had been just another Friday. I failed to notice, I mean I willfully ignored your weakened body, your slowed heart-rate, and your heavy eyes. I just wanted to lay with you and to kiss you and to tell you that we were going to be alright while you stared at me with those skeptic eyes. You knew what I was doing, but you let me do it anyway. You attempted to please me, Sherlock. You wanted to make me happy, but that wasn’t the way. It wasn’t the fucking way, Sherlock.
Sacrificing his last bit of sleep, he slowly removed Sherlock's long limbs from his waist and tried to get up without making a fuss. Sherlock's face scrunched up and he started groaning but John silenced him with a kiss on the lips. Making sure that Sherlock was okay, John tip-toed into the kitchen to begin with breakfast.
His tone was menacing and harsh, the sharp and educated dialect he used made him sound all the more threatening. Sherlock could've taken him down easily by now, and Moriarty knew that. This is exactly why he used John and Watson as bait for both Sherlocks. They were their pressure points. Or as Jim Moriarty would phrase it, "I'll burn the heart out of you..."
“Oh, don’t be like that. You and I both know that Mycroft is pulling every string he can to make the flat like it was.”
Lestrade’s voice gotten even worse as he talked, and John was the only person at that table trying his damndest not to cry, but he realized he was failing miserably.
John looked around for any nosy passer-bys and then spoke in a voice that only Watson could hear. Even Watson took the hint and leant in closer.
Sherlock smirked, “It is not as if we planned to come here. We didn’t pack our bags and come up with the wonderful idea to spend some time in Victorian London with our alternate selves.”
“That day where you showed up on the crime scene, A Study in Pink, as John titles it, and you were with this stranger. I’ve never seen him before, and I’ve no idea who he was, hell I couldn’t even remember his name.”
John’s eyes nearly popped out of his head. “Are you daft? The Great Sherlock Holmes, kip on the sofa? No, you can bunk with me…if you’d like that is.”
"You are a very lucky man, Sherlock. He loves you, and let me tell you, from what I've witnessed when I first met you, the only other thing that seemed to care for you as much as John does is your dog, and you and I both know what happened to him."
John shook his head. It's the drink, it's just the drink, he repeats to himself. His husband, his dead husband was not standing in front of him making snide remarks. He's hallucinating, he has to be. John opens his mouth to speak, but nothing comes out. He resigns to shaking his head.
"I done it. And now I'm back right where I want to be, with my two favorite husbands in the whole world!"
John grabbed Sherlock’s cheeks and crushed their lips together in a rough kiss full of passion. The Doctor darted his eyes around a bit uncomfortable as John took it upon himself to plant one on Sherlock. It took Sherlock some time but then he returned the kiss, no doubt after recovering from the shock of it. John’s fingers went to Sherlock’s curls as he grabbed them. Sherlock moaned in pleasure and tried to go further into John’s mouth than was possible. The Doctor couldn’t thank oxygen enough because eventually they needed an intake. John pulled apart and they were both panting messes with smiles on their faces.
'Well it was always in the back of my mind, but I never dwelt too long on it. It wasn’t until I saw you staring at every single child we walked past in the park today.’
“Exactly, Holmes, they are what they are. They are engaged to be married, they shall be married soon. None of this troubles you even in the slightest?”
Your first two drawers were clean, miscellaneous things that I’ve told you to throw out time and time again, but you refused and said that they could prove useful one day. Evidently, they weren’t. It wasn’t until I found the third drawer on your nightstand. I hesitated to open it, I felt my gut instinct telling me that it was wrong to invade your privacy in a way, but something was telling me, in the back of my mind to open it, and sure enough, I did.
Greg nodded, he didn’t want any arguments or fighting, he needed to absorb the information, let it all sink in. He had a dazed expression. Mrs. Hudson stopped crying and let you go; she placed two kisses on your cheeks and then offered to take Greg to the door. It was just me, you, and Kylie left. Kylie was quiet as ever, in fact, I don’t think she was ever as quiet as in that moment. She probably sensed the mood. You rose from the armchair with your angriest face on. You looked down at me, and that made me feel a bit small, I have to tell you now.
Sherlock shifted a bit. It was too much, John’s fingers, his hand, the praise. Sherlock didn’t know how much longer he was going to last.
"Alright, pick a place, any place! Ancient Rome, the lost city of Atlantis, The planet Schmarka, anywhere you want!"
‘He said that he didn’t want you to see him in here. He wants you all to remember him as the person he was before…this.’
You looked at me, and then finally your hand rose and I slid the picture into it. You stared at it for a long while, inspecting every element of it, but then you passed it back to me without a word. You didn’t need to tell me, I know you, and you were just as happy as I was. Susanne watched us with slight glee. At least she knew how bad we wanted it. She looked down at her watch and then started to get up.
“I’m sure John has vows written down, just as I do. If it’s alright with you I would like to hear them now.”
He presumed correctly. I was your husband no matter what happened. I nodded too and gave him a look to let him know that we wanted to hear it; we wanted to get it over with. He agreed with me because he started flipping the pages on his clipboard and from the look on his face, I knew, and you knew that the news wasn’t going to be as happy as we wanted it to be.
John and Watson made their way to the soft, velvet couch and gently placed Sherlock on it, with John making sure he was extra comfortable before leaving him alone to talk to the two men that stood in front of him. At first, they were having their little hushed argument, much like John and Sherlock have themselves, and then Watson stopped the domestic and turned to face John.
“A miniscule part of me does. However, the other side of me wants nothing more than for you to stop moping about.”
I shuffled my feet. ‘Sherlock, I’m not asking to let them visit you daily as I do, but give them this at least. Mrs. Hudson is moments away from having a breakdown in the hallway.’
‘Oh so you’re a marriage counselor now?’ I retorted. ‘I’m trying to help you, John, I know that you love him, and you love Kylie, and I hate seeing you angry at him. Trust me when I say that all this anger that you’re feeling towards him right now, is only going to make things worse, and I would prefer if I was the only divorcee in the family.’ She half-joked.
The laughter grew louder, and Sherlock’s embarrassment increased. He held on to John’s hand tightly and John smiled fondly and gave his hand a few pats.
‘If I see one of them enter this room, you won’t need to worry about visiting me anymore.’ Your voice darkened, and in that moment that I knew that you would rather go through your battle alone than have people help you. I was the only one who was allowed to see you like that. At that time, I didn’t understand why you wanted to spare them from your suffering, but not me, not your husband. It isn’t until now that I know that you needed me. You didn’t want to be alone and lonely, not then, you only wanted me because you thought that maybe I could protect you as I had always done in the past, and shield you from whatever monsters or criminals sought to destroy you. You thought that I was unshakeable, right? That I was Brave John Watson, the soldier, the captain, but little did you know…there are some fights that even I can’t win.
John wanted to rush over and embrace him, as Sherlock did when he cried. Sherlock only said a few words, but each word was uttered with such pain that it broke John’s heart to see him so distraught.
As soon as we entered the flat, I led you to our bed and set you down softly, so gently that you probably didn't even know that you were on the bed. I slid your coat off and draped it over the crib, Kylie wasn't in it, she was downstairs with Mrs. Hudson and Molly. They heard us come in but they wanted to wait, to let you get your bearings together. I can't imagine how you felt, Sherlock, all the moving...all the moving...you just wanted to rest. You didn't have a choice then. Your shoes and socks came off next, I had to help you slide into your pajamas since there was no way you were going to be able to do it on your own, not with all the medication they gave you before we left. Just to be safe, they said. Your face was sullen and you didn't put up much of a fuss as I put your trousers on and then your shirt. You looked at me and your lip was quivering, you wanted to say something, you had something to say and I wanted you to say it. I wanted you to talk, I wanted you to insult me, to tell me that I forgot to fold your dress shirt, that I was too frantic, hell I even wanted you to tell me that you had to piss. I wanted to hear your voice so desperately, Sherlock. Anything, I wanted you to still be there, to still be Sherlock. 'Stay...' That was all your fragile voice said to me. Stay. Stay with you, keep you company, stay with you so that we could be like we used to, before Kylie, before anything. I long for the days where we laid in bed and told each other the most embarrassing thing we've ever experienced, or our guilty pleasures, or our favorite foods. I wanted us to be the happily married couple we hardly got to be, Sherlock and John Holmes-Watson. That's who we were. I was your caretaker then, yours and Kylie's. I still loved you, and you still loved me, but this was not how I wanted us to be, to end up. You were sick and we had a newborn baby who barely got to spend any time with her parents because I was off at work or taking care of you. I hope Kylie forgives us. I hope she knows that we love her.
That’s a word that he would have never imagined he would have to use on himself. He never expected to be
'But I know that he still cares for us very much, and we...well I have to support him even though he pushes us away. He still needs us.'
John and Watson tried to save their Sherlocks from Moriarty's grasp but The Doctor shouted out, "Wait!"
‘What’s wrong, John?’ Molly asked. Her voice was so small, but she’s always been the mousy sort. Her question made my deliverance of the news that much harder. I tried not to look at you, because then I knew that I wouldn’t be able to tell them, that they would have to figure out on their own. My army training helped a bit, I was able to readjust myself, look more confident, able to hide my true emotions. I remember telling myself that it was just one sentence, and they’ll handle it, if I could handle the news, they could. I didn’t like the fact that you had cancer, but I had to deal with it, just until you had your operation. Then everything would be okay again. Didn’t you think the same as well?
The green light on the screwdriver and waved it in front of John's face. The last thing John heard before completely falling asleep was, "You'll get all your answers tomorrow..."
"He woke up. Not too long after you went into a coma, at first I was just watching him to see if he would just go back to sleep, but then he looked like he was in a lot of pain and started making the rather unpleasant noises that you're hearing now, I've been trying to keep him comfortable the best that I can but as you can see, it's not doing much."
There was one thing that he could try, it would be no different than the nights Sherlock played the violin to soothe him back to sleep when he first moved in. Anything to stop his love from crying.
‘You just seem distant, love, and you barely talk to anybody anymore. You would think with the news on our baby, you would be happy, or some variant of it. What’s wrong?’
He told me that he had someone follow you, during your visits to the doctor’s office, and had the doctor tell them why you were visiting. He’s the British government; he can do that, apparently. That doctor got fired recently; I think Mycroft was the one to get him canned. He said something in passing about the Doctor Patient relationship. I think I thanked him too. That’s beside the point, Sherlock.
My casual smile returned and I nodded in agreement. Her face was sullen as her eyes trailed off to her belly. She rested a hand on it and started to rub circles on it.
The Doctor just laughed at John's inquiry and then turned to face Sherlock who seemed to be somewhat amused by his fiancee's puzzlement. He released John's hand and then turned to head towards his TARDIS. With a dramatic spin, he rested a hand on the door of his machine and then faced the couple.
He gingerly walked over to his side of the bed and sat down. He turned so that the food or the tea would fall and set it down in front of Sherlock's face. John's hand went to Sherlock's face and gently rubbed it with the pad of his thumb.
‘John!’ Mrs. Hudson’s voice called to me. She marched over to me, as well as Greg and Molly with Kylie in her arms, sleeping. I think she forgot the carrier at home. They knew that you were back in the hospital, I told them that much, but not of your request. I gulped as they all marched over to me. I figured that I had about three minutes to calm them down before I ended up lying in a hospital bed next to you.
“You can sit here and worry all you want, but they won’t know that you’re doing such a thing. It doesn’t help the situation either, if anything it’ll make matters worse. You hype yourself up with scenarios, none of them good, and then bad things might happen due to the fact that you filled your head with nothing but negativity.”
I’m getting off topic, aren’t I? I was up to when you got released from hospital, right? It was raining that day, so I had to leave Kylie with Mrs. Hudson, Molly was too busy that day, and I supposed that Mrs. Hudson hasn’t had much of a chance to spend time with Kylie, and I wouldn’t be long. You were sitting up in the bed looking as miserable as ever. When the door closed and you perked up almost instantly, and a smile came to your face.
John grimaced as he felt a pain go through his leg. It was only a matter of time before it came back. His limp.
"...It was well into the evening hours before we woke up, Sherlock. I was the one to wake up first, thankfully Kylie was still asleep, but she needed to be fed and so did we. You were barely eating and that wasn't good for your already fragile health, love. I was determined to make you eat whether you liked it or not.
“If it wasn’t for you, Doctor, we wouldn’t even be here! We would still be at home lying in bed, talking about our wedding, TOMORROW MORNING!”
‘That’s quite the name, John. I’m sure you’re quite pleased with yourself, and you as well, Sherlock.’
With a deep breath, Sherlock’s eyes bore into John’s soul as he said, “I love you, John Watson. I’m in complete and utter love with you.”
The whole group stopped and looked over. Miles and miles of headstones covered the green grass that had brown patches in it. The headstones looked like they were from all kinds of different periods in time, but no doubt the much older ones, the ones from centuries ago were farther in the actual graveyard. John shivered at the sight of all those graves.
They finally made their way back to Baker Street without blinking until they were down the street from the building. The first thing everybody did was immediately hound The Doctor for his bizarre instructions.
He started walking away, and while he was heading to his room I saw the smile curling on his lips. It felt nice, to tell him that. I don’t think Sherlock hears things like that very often, and it’s upsetting because he should. He’s not a bad guy, he just has moments where he finds it…difficult, to fit in. Yeah, he’s not the best flatmate, but nobody is. I don’t know where I was going with this, but it’s just something I’ve noticed about him. I think we’ll have a movie night tonight.
Sherlock rolled over so that Rosie and he were now nose-to-nose so that John wouldn’t see just how much he made him blush. The baby’s breath smelled like the formula she drank an hour ago, and Sherlock pressed a tiny kiss to her button-nose.
“Right, are you hungry? I don’t think I have much food here but we can order takeaway and watch Bond movies. Have a sleepover of sorts.”
Sherlock shook his head. It made him sick just to think about eating his favorite Chinese meal. John tsked.
"I only know the same as you, Sherlock. Do try to not fret; it would make getting you out of this infernal chair easier."
“Look, we can do this.” John disappeared into Mrs. Hudson’s dark flat and then returned with a jar of spaghetti sauce and a spoon. He rested the items on the stairs and opened the jar and spooned the red liquid. He placed his ring finger in the spoon and then dabbed it on the wall.
I just stared at you. I was trying to figure you out, you tried to put on a front, but living with you for so long has taught me a few things. One of those things was how tell that you were lying. Nobody said anything; the only thing that could be heard was Kylie’s soft breathing, and the sound of Mrs. Hudson shuffling around downstairs. I was trying to say the words that I’ve thought up while you were out, but it seemed so much harder when you were right there in front of me.
"What you need to do is move out of the way of the angel's eyesight, slowly, fot God's sake slowly! You're going to bring it over here so that I can open this door and have them make eye contact!"
John came home to find Sherlock and Rosie sat on the floor playing with her toys. He smiled and walked over to the two. He bent down to press a kiss to Sherlock’s head.
“Don’t you think Bilbo looks like your father?” Rosie mumbled something unintelligible which made Sherlock laugh. John resumed paying for the food, and it wasn’t until after he closed the door that he heard Sherlock say, “I think he’s quite handsome.”
You and me looked at each other and smiled. It's the name we decided a few weeks back, I thought it was a bloody miracle because we didn't agree on any other name. I looked over at her, with the infant snuggled in my arms and said,
'Yes, what is it doctor?' I asked him. He looked surprised that I was calling him by his profession, I think that I was experiencing a case of "Hero Worship". He stuttered a bit but then got himself back on track.
Sherlock's breathing was frantic, but as soon as he felt Holmes's hands on his shoulders, he started to settle down and stopped fidgeting around in his chair. Holmes didn't even get the rope off of his wrists yet because he started fighting to get out. As Sherlock's head turned up to meet Holmes's eyes, he breathed out, "Where am I? What happened?"
‘Well it has been awhile since I’ve heard Mrs. Hudson bemoan the state of my curls. Lestrade’s cases were interesting. And Molly…I feel like I haven’t heard her voice in a long time.’ You uttered softly. I said that they were very glad that you let them in the room, I got a shrug in response. You told me that it was at my behest, of which you weren’t entirely wrong.
I couldn’t hear all of the conversation, mind you. He did leave the door cracked, so I listened in for a bit. Sorry, Sherlock.
"Kylie, you know that's not true, right? Of course I love you, I love your father too. I'll always love your father."
“I admit I spent a little longer in the shop than ordinary people do. I got distracted a few times along the way and bought somethings for Rosie. Of course, I hadn’t realized just
Sherlock was leaning against the counter with his arms crossed, watching as John washed both bowls with precision and thoroughness.
“But…how is that even possible, I’ve never seen you before, and I’m sure Lestrade would have told me.”
Holmes and Watson were standing next to The Doctor, clapping as if their lives depended on it once they were officially considered married.
Sure enough, his eyes fluttered open and John felt his heart jump in his throat. Sherlock's mouth curled into a small smile at the sight of John.
“It didn’t happen all at once, mind you. You looked a lot better, and you even told me that you took one pill a day instead of two. You were up again, playing your violin that’s been neglected for a while. Kylie loved listening to you play Mary Had A Little Lamb. And I can’t tell you how thankful I was for playing those lullabies when we were trying to get her to sleep. Your violin was something I loved hearing, which was when you weren’t playing it at insane hours of the night and I didn’t realize that I missed it so much. I remember Kylie and I were sat in front of you, sometimes you realized, and other times you didn’t. Either way, I enjoyed the concertos you played for us, whether you noticed or not.
‘W-What?’ Your face read unexpected shock, and it was priceless. You were never surprised about anything, well, besides my proposal.
He was talking to you in hushed tones, like you were a child and he was telling you a bedtime story.
‘I’m glad papa decided to bring you this time.’ You whispered to her. I’ve neglected to bring her those times because I was always in such a rush to see you after work that I never stopped off at the flat to get her. It was selfish of me, I know, I can hear you scolding me already.
That night, they were both in Rosie’s room trying to find ways to coax her to sleep. Sherlock was rubbing her stomach and shushing her, meanwhile John tried to give her warm milk. When she finally fell asleep, they stood over her crib and watched her little chest rise and fall softly. John yawned and said, “Are you ready for bed?”
“Well I’m glad that my John isn’t the only one who romanticizes our exploits. Now stop interrupting.”
“Now, I’m going to slide something into your hands, and you mustn’t peek until I say, do you understand?”
“Yes, okay.” He sounded distracted, John heard some rustling and Sherlock trying to shush the baby. John pressed his phone to his ear with his shoulder as he resumed the paperwork. “She alright?”
The Doctor thought, and he thought quickly because there wasn't much time to spare. They couldn't keep their eyes open for much longer, and if any of them were to blink, they would be sent to a different time and would never be able to return again.
We were so hot on their trail, Sherlock, but then something happened to you. You stopped running and a hand flew to your stomach. Your face was scrunched up in pain, it's sad that I know that face so easily, huh? Of course I was worried, you're my Sherlock, and I'm your doctor, and your husband, if something was wrong with you, I needed to know. I stopped a few feet ahead of you and immediately rushed to your side. The Waters were gone, but I didn't care about that, your health and safety came first, besides I heard the sirens in the distance.
“Through marriage, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson make a commitment together to face their disappointments – embrace their dreams – realize their hopes – and accept each other’s failures. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson will promise one another to aspire to these ideals throughout their lives together – through mutual understanding – openness – and sensitivity to each other. “
“Sherlock, Sherlock please don’t think of yourself so lowly. This is the first place we went together, this is the place where I was sure I was in love with you. Do you remember how we were when we first met? How I was little more than a lonely, nightmare-riddled, crippled, washed-up soldier and you were this man who I thought completely mad, and I still do, but who refused to let me think I was anything less than useful? You brought us here because you noticed how thin I was, and you covered it up by saying that we were looking for a cab driver. I should have seen it then but I didn’t.”
I told you that the painkillers should start kicking in soon and that all you needed to do was try and sleep. I placed the rubbish bin on your side of the bed so that you wouldn't get sick all over the floor. You whimpered for a while before you went to sleep again. I made a reminder to get you to take a bath once you woke up again. I cleaned up your mess as you slept.
You looked like you didn’t want to finish the story, but because I wanted you to, you did it anyway.
Sherlock’s sobs made his own eyes tear. The pain being wrenched from him, so raw, so vulnerable. What could he do to soothe him? He didn’t stop kissing him, even if they weren’t working. He didn’t stop rocking him side-to-side to calm his nerves. He didn’t think about how they went from the sweet sex they had to this.
“I still don’t see what you’re telling me.” He was trying to be optimistic and it hurt, because he knew exactly what they were saying.
”I just thought that…maybe you wouldn’t want to have this thing taking up space, is all. Not when it’s been vacant for decades.”
Sherlock and Holmes walked with Moriarty for what seemed like an eternity before they had actually gotten where they needed to. Their faces were stoic, and never did they utter a word or a sound. They couldn't attack him, not while John and Watson were stuck out there with those angels. They would be okay, they had to be okay. Surely Moriarty isn't dumb enough to kill them. If he did, he would have to suffer the wrath of Sherlock and Holmes, and it wouldn't be pretty.
You finally decided that you had enough. This was the day before you…no wait…at least three or four days. I won’t talk about your appearance then, because I simply can’t.
"I already have Ella. She's the person I go to talk to." He sounded more snappish than he wanted to. He was trying his hardest not to end the night on a sour note. Greg seemed unaffected. He was more concerned about getting his words out because there was a chance that John would have never heard them if he was completely sober.
'Ah...when? If you don't mind my asking.' Everything was so tense between you two, but I've opted to stay out of it, it was up to you two to mend things.
He found himself doing that on most days. Sometimes he even wondered if Watson was doing the same with him. A small part of him, a very small part, secretly wished that he was.
"How else would you have me do it? Your flat is simply too small. I like space, Mr. Holmes. Space helps me think."
I went back outside to find you sitting in the chair gripping the arms so hard that your knuckles were white. I simply laughed and took the seat next to you. You didn't even fight me when I pulled you into my arms, that's how worried you were. I stroked your curls and rested my lips on your head. I rocked you back and forth and whispered sweet nothings into your hair.
Sherlock’s lip quivered at John’s suggestion, and for a moment, John thought that he was going to cry again.
“Sherlock! John! Long time no see!” Angelo was holding two menus in his hand and grinning down at the two men. “What’ll it be tonight?”
John placed a hand on his cheek and shook his head. “Shh, none of that now love. This is not your fault, okay? She’s just hungry.”
'It fell out...I was combing it and then it...it fell out...' You restated. Your voice was broken. I must admit, I would never have imagined you crying about hair, but you were. The tears fell from your eyes and slid down the uncomfortably visible cheekbones.
John’s heart was saddened for what Sherlock must have gone through. He knows how much Sherlock loved her, even if he never expressed it as much as he would like to. Oh god, how could he be so disconnected from his friend for so long? How could he miss the chance to help him through his loss, to try and rekindle what they once had? How could he leave Sherlock alone to go through such a dark time?
“Love, John. I like it when you call me love.”  Sherlock’s voice was so gentle, he sounded like a child. John’s breath hitched in his throat.
Mycroft, as cool as ever simply kept his hand up and pointed at the vacant seat. John still refused to sit. They were staring at him with sullen faces, well Greg and Sally were. Finally, Sally spoke.
Sherlock didn't respond, he just watched as John stumbled his way down the hall to his room and already found Kylie snuggled in the duvet, sleeping soundly. John stared at her for, however long, he did not know. He sat down on his side of the bed and slid his shoes off. He didn't change into his pajamas because the alcohol was starting to make him drowsy. He just wanted to sleep, he wanted to lay down and just sleep. Kylie had her back turned to him, he wasn't going to bother her, she needed the sleep, she had school in the morning. He stared up at the ceiling, but then he felt the room spinning and so he closed his eyes and let sleep take him.
'I'm adamant,' I began, 'Because I want you to get the proper medical treatment, Sherlock. I can't keep taking you to chemo just to have you come back here and puke up the small amount of food that you're able to keep in your stomach! Look at your options, Sherlock, use that brain that you were blessed with! If you keep this ritual up for much longer, you'll...'
The crowd started clapping and Sherlock was still laughing. It made John so overjoyed to see Sherlock like this. He never had enough happiness in his life.
'It hurts...' You told me in the softest voice. I longed for your regular, deep one, I missed hearing your voice. You were in agony at that moment, Sherlock
Sherlock was silent and John was ready to leave the topic alone before he heard him say, “It’s only ever a home when you’re here, John.”
Kylie nodded enthusiastically and turned to face her. She gave a bright smile and said, "Yes, Nana I do."
There it was. You were still waiting for me to leave you. I told you time and time again, Sherlock, that I was in it for the long run and that I loved you more than I have loved anyone else in my whole life. I saw the tears prickling in your eyes. You really wanted me to answer that. You didn't want to feel like you were losing me because of the cancer. Oh, Sherlock...
Bear with me guys, I'm trying to update as much as I can! Thank you for reading and please comment, kudos, and subscribe!
John could feel Sherlock's other hand gently guide the cup back to its rightful place on the counter. He didn't need Sherlock to make him let go, the thought, the sensation of Sherlock touching him forced John to obey. John opened his mouth to speak, to tell Sherlock that he would give anything to have Sherlock back again, to scream at the heavens for taking Sherlock in the first place. He needed to be angry, he wanted to be angry, but there was nothing to be angry at. He resolved to suffer in silence, just like he always has and will continue to do. He wanted Sherlock to go away, but if Sherlock left him then he would be alone again. He kept telling himself that he wasn't, he had his daughter in the room, she was the only thing he had left. His heart told him that he was lying, he would never be complete again without Sherlock, but his brain told him to be rational, that John Watson was a rational person who would get through this, just like he got through Afghanistan, and the sleepless nights that came after. He was a soldier, and soldiers fought or else they die. He had to be strong, he had to, he had to...
His eyes sparkled when he smiled, blissful and full of love. He kissed Sherlock on his lips and caressed his cheek. Sherlock wanted to tell him that this was wrong, John was supposed to hate him, John was supposed to curse his name for what happened to Mary.
“Let’s see, let’s see…I love your hair. I’ve always loved it. I love the way it looks when you wake up. I love the way it looks when you style it, although I don’t appreciate how long you take to do it, love. I adore your curls so very much, Sherlock. I love that they’re on your head, and I love that you wear them so well.”
You had your back facing me; you didn’t even acknowledge my presence. I tried to touch you, but you pulled away from me. There was no doubt about it, you were mad at me. I expected you would be. We were all angry.
“Love, you were the nicest person to me since I left the army, everybody pitied me, led me to think I was worth nothing but sympathy because I got hurt. You wanted me to help, you made me feel like I was the most important person to you, even though we barely knew each other. Sherlock, you saved my life.”
After much more debate and Watson's assistance in getting Sherlock into the room, John was ready for bed. The room they were staying in had two separate beds in it, much to John's disappointment. He sat on the edge of his bed, watching Sherlock sleep and wishing for the moment where he woke up. He was getting ready to remove his waistcoat when he heard a knock on the window. It wasn't a branch, it was too forceful and it wanted to be heard. He looked over and saw the man he's been waiting to see.
"She's so big now. Kylie, I mean. I almost expected to see you show up with the same baby I used to babysit. Sometimes I hate the fact that time goes on. Some days I wish that I could make things the way they used to be, you know what I mean. I'd wish that I would come down to the morgue and Sherlock would already be down there, fussing about with some piece of evidence. I'd wish that you would be with him, watching him that smile that you used to wear, and I would laugh whenever you two got into it."
Mrs. Hudson was the first to react; she held her hand to her chest and gasped. Molly and Greg, they looked surprised, but not like her. She wanted to know why she wasn’t informed. My mouth twitched into a brief smile. Being the mother hen is her thing, you know. However, I didn’t finish what I wanted to say, at that point, I’m not sure that I wanted to. I told them that we took you to the doctor, I left the part out where you’ve been going the whole time and didn’t tell me or anybody, you were probably embarrassed enough.
Young Sherlock was dabbing a piece of tissue to a rather angry looking cut on his knee. Sherlock grimaced at the sight.
I’m saying. I mean it in the way that…you’re not well, Sherlock. You’re barely eating, sleeping, bathing, and I don’t know why your mood has become this way, and you’re under no obligation to tell me. But I feel, that whatever is bothering you, you need to say it to
John turned away. It was true, but it was only because he was in denial. He loved Sherlock, but he was always a stubborn man.
I hadn't noticed that until you mentioned it. Immediately my hand rose to where yours was and I felt around. You were right, I felt the prickliness that was my stubble. It hadn't dawned on me that I neglected to shave for the past few days. I didn't have my husband to tell me that I was growing a beard. I passed it off lightly and a small smile spread on my lips.
“Just a small amount, not too much.” He muttered as he gulped it down. It didn’t burn anymore, it felt just like drinking water. A bit not good.
Holmes’s smile was subtle, but it was smug. He was enjoying this. He steepled his hands under his chin and mused through his thoughts. Sherlock wasn’t awake for the news that he was him, but if he was anything like him, which he was starting to see, then it wouldn’t take Sherlock long to put it together.
"It's probably best that you keep the illusion that they're an attractive lot, the animators decided not to draw their faces, except for certain shots."
John's laugh reverberated through Sherlock's mouth, causing Sherlock to moan louder. Sherlock was just beginning on John's shirt when The Doctor interrupted.
“Are you more focused on how the periodical difference affects our relationship, or how John and I…work?”
John’s eyes were wide at Sherlock’s words. They were glassy too and that nearly moved the brunet to tears. Sherlock smiled at John’s shock and kissed him on the mouth, he pulled away and saw that John’s mouth was still open. He kissed him again and again until John finally responded. When they pulled away, Sherlock moved to rest his head on John’s stomach when he heard John’s low voice say,
“I hardly think anybody is going to care about the room’s decor once they find your bodies lying in it.”
“Actually, it’s the same bottle I bought years back. During that whole Irene Adler fiasco. I meant to share it with you but…you know.”
“That’s okay. You don’t have to finish it, but it would make me feel better to know that you have something in your stomach other than tea and biscuits.”
Through those smiling facades, was the anguish and remorse of two men who couldn’t quite get the words out when they wanted to, and are now paying the price. Now the first thing they think when they see each other is one sentence, and one sentence only.
“Because I know that I abandoned you, and that I left you alone for so long, Sherlock. I know that you’ve gone through things that you shouldn’t have alone. I was supposed to be with you forever but I wasn’t. I let Mary get in the way of us and God, Sherlock I am sorry for that, I am so sorry. But I’m worried about you, I want you to talk to me, I need you to trust me again.”
John glared at The Doctor and then began to make his way out of the room with Watson in tow. The Doctor eventually made his way besides the two.
John just smiled and stroked her hair. Maybe he would take her to get a hair-cut, he needed one too. That could probably be their first daddy-daughter outing. He pressed a kiss to her forehead and rested his lips there. She smelt like the vanilla scented body wash she insisted on him buying. He wasn't worthy of being her father. She deserved another family, someone better than himself.
John’s hands were carding through Sherlock’s curls. He moaned in response. Good, he was still awake.
Sherlock smirked at John’s reaction and replied, “Oh yes, because I too have a penchant for breathing fire, and, as others so helpfully point out, my voice is quite deep.”
"Of course I do Mr. Holmes, I don't think that there is a single person in London who has not heard, nor read of your exploits."
John exhaled and gave up the argument. He just gave him a kiss to the cheek and the lips, and Rosie a kiss on the forehead.
John didn’t stop there. He grabbed Sherlock’s arm and peppered soft kisses along it. Sherlock closed his eyes. He put Sherlock’s arm down and moved to Sherlock’s face. He shoved his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, and had to pull away to breathe. Sherlock’s eyes opened and he stared into John’s eyes.
John hadn’t meant for all of that to come pouring out, but he hated to see Sherlock think so lowly of himself when he was of the highest importance to him. He wished that he was with Sherlock when he was a child, that they became friends in primary. He wished in that moment that he could shield Sherlock from all the bullies and haters that made him feel like he was anything less than the extraordinary man sitting across from him.
John wasn't surprised when Kylie looked like she wasn't buying it. He sighed, he was always rubbish at things like this, thank god Sherlock was even worse.
Sherlock made his way to the little boy. This was his school, but he was sitting so far away from it. The children were out and playing on the jungle gym, but here this little boy was, crying, and his clothes were mussed up as if he got into a fight with another person, probably one of the boys playing. Sherlock knew better, because Sherlock knew who this little boy was.
John spun as quickly as he could. He found Sherlock standing there, he had a bag of what looked like groceries, but John could scarcely believe it, Sherlock went food-shopping by himself. Despite being fifty-nine years young, the only signs of Sherlock’s middle-age were the extra wrinkles around his mouth and eyes, along with the few streaks of grey in his curls. Other than that, John still saw the youthful man that captivated him all of those years ago. John could barely contain his excitement and grin at the sight of his old friend.
"This comes from the same man who wanted nothing more than to have them thrown back into the streets."
You still didn’t speak, or even try to respond to what I said. You were still in shock at the fact that I found whatever it was that you were hiding from me. I think that you forgot, sometimes, that we spent so long together, and because of that, I know when you aren’t alright, and I know that you tend to hide stuff from me. I wish you learned that you didn’t need to do that.
John was left in the middle of the living room dumbfounded. He was going to be sharing a bed with Sherlock for who knows how long. The thought alone excited him.
John was lying in between Sherlock’s legs, with his head resting on his chest. Sherlock had his arms wrapped around John’s so that his hands were laying on his chest. John’s hands were rubbing Sherlock’s arms slowly, it was very ticklish.
I was sat on the bed waiting for you to get ready so that we could go. You were stalling, you never liked the doctor's office, and after all of this I can say I don't like them either.
The smile on my face spread to Susanne. She was mature for her age, but she was an attention-seeker, which is why she ended up pregnant in the first place. I almost forgot she was there, and you too. I tapped your shoulder.
Don't worry, the next chapter will have a bit more detail to it, I was just testing this out. The next chapter will also be fluffy, with a dash of angst!
"I thought so too but then they phoned me earlier while you were sleeping and told me that they're short a few people and need me to come in. I'm sorry, Sherlock, I promise I'll make it up to you."
John wanted to be mad at Sherlock, but he saw how much his eyes lit up as he recalled his time with this strange man known as the Doctor.
"Well then there is no more, Doctor, and what are you doing here anyway? John, you were planning on telling me that he was here, yes?"
“Doctor is it? How much longer must we keep this up? I doubt our eyes shall let us keep them wide open like this any longer,” Watson said.
“Alright, let’s see the news of today, shall we?” Watson muttered to himself as he flipped open the newspaper.
John knew that Sherlock wouldn’t be magically healed after ice cream and a movie. He knew that better than anybody. That’s why when Sherlock turned away from John in bed, he didn’t get mad, he wasn’t offended, he didn’t ask him questions. He just kissed the back of his head and told him that he would sleep facing his back, just in case Sherlock wanted to cuddle. He didn’t expect Sherlock to respond to him, so when he heard a soft, “Thank you”, he smiled.
John was thankful for Molly's pause. He didn't need to hear it, he knew that she was going to say while Sherlock was getting his chemotherapy, and that was the last thing that he needed. Kylie looked up at John with wide eyes. John gave a soft smile and nodded.
“But then I got older and met Lestrade, and he started giving me cases, and it proved a fun way to keep me from the awful despair that is boredom. That didn’t change the fact that I was alone, with nothing but a skull to talk to when I really needed to voice my thoughts.”
When he got to Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson swung the door open with Kylie standing right next to her, her big eyes were wide when she saw John standing there.
'Please, John, I can do it...' Your voice died down and you left the sentence incomplete. I was almost done scrubbing your back, but the sound of your voice...it was so soft and so broken. I couldn't bear to see you that way. You were so confident and prideful, it was so hard to see you like that. You were desperately clinging to what you were before, Sherlock, and so was I. Sometimes I thought that I was sleeping, that we were on a case and of course you refused to let me sleep and so I ended up passing out in the chair. I wanted to believe that this was a nightmare, that I would wake up and have you lying next to me with your messy curls and sleepy face smiling at me. I wanted everything but what we were living to be true.
“…It felt like the days were going by quicker, since your surgery was coming up, Sherlock. I would look at the calendar one day and see that it was Monday, and then look again and find out that it’s Friday. You were anxious, and you moved around the house a lot more, like you were agitated. I don’t think that was the case, love, you were trying to distract yourself so that you wouldn’t have to think about the procedure. I tried to do the same thing, I spent my time watching telly, or playing with Kylie, I even cooked a lot more than usual, but that didn’t work. All the experiments you were doing wasn’t helping you either, Sherlock. We spent a lot more time cuddling on the couch, as well as in bed. It just happened out of nowhere, we were lying in the bed, you must have been sleeping already, or I was getting ready to sleep. I was staring up at the ceiling in the dark, mulling over everything that’s happened to us in these past months, getting Kylie, your sickness, everything. And then I felt you roll over but I dismissed it because I thought that you just wanted to get comfortable. I thought I was only imagining things when I felt your arms wrap around my waist, it was so long since you’ve wanted to do something as intimate as cuddle with me. We hadn’t made love in weeks. Then I felt the familiar tickle of your curls under my chin as you pressed yourself up against me. My chest was bare, I’ve gotten into the habit of sleeping without a shirt because of my time in the army, and I’ve told you this already, you didn’t seem to have any issue with it. I felt your breath hitting my neck as you slept, or tried to sleep. I felt my mouth twitch into a smile because you felt so good, Sherlock. I missed it, I missed you.
John was hurt to hear Sherlock say that, but it was true. John wasn’t waiting for his bedroom to be fixed. He wasn’t waiting for the living room to be renovated, his chair replaced. Sherlock was the one that stayed, the one that continued to take cases. The life that John neglected.
I smiled and told you to move over.  I let go of your hand and stood up and helped you since you could barely move. When I was sure that I had enough space, I removed my shoes and climbed into the bed with you. You tried your best to cuddle with me, but you were still sore and so that was complicated for you to do. We eventually got comfortable and you fell asleep. I was just about to make that final transition into sleep when I heard the door open. I thought it was one of the staff telling me that visiting hours were up and that I had to go home. But then the person walked over to the right side of the bed where you were. That person was Mycroft. I was barely awake and so maybe I was imagining things, but he stared at you for a time, and then stroked your curls and walked out again. He whispered something before he left; I think it was, ‘I’m sorry.’
It’s been three months since I’ve moved in with Sherlock and I’ve noticed small things about him. Not all of it is bad, mind you, he’s not so bad as roommate as most assume. Sure, there are nights where I wish he would sleep instead of furiously plucking away at his violin, or where he would stop muttering clues to himself like it was a race to solve the case. I think these things but then I realize that I’m not the greatest flatmate myself, and with time I think I learned how to tune that part out. He puts up with me the same I put up with him.
Watson didn’t take too long in joining the Doctor and John. They only had to wait a few minutes before he was walking up to them with a warm smile on his face. Sure he was still shaken but he wasn’t going to let it overtake him, and besides, it would be good to get away from Holmes when he’s in the mood to discover the secrets of the universe. It usually ends with a very messy flat and very unhappy flatmate. Placing his hat on top of his head, he also gave John one.
John closed his eyes, he forgot. The Doctor hasn't seen Sherlock since he was a child, before he was exposed to the drugs that took over his life as a teen and into his early adult life, he couldn't have known. He gave the Doctor a good stare before he came to the decision to tell him why he had the doubts in the first place.
You smiled, love, but I knew you didn’t believe me. I didn’t believe myself. But we needed to be hopeful about it, it could have been nothing and you would have been fine.
It wasn’t until two days later that I came home from work and found Sherlock lying on the sofa, wrapped in his dressing gown and blankly watching telly. I hung my coat up and said hello, to which he barely responded. I walked over to him and started carding my hands through his hair, I asked if he was alright. He didn’t stop me, and he didn’t answer either. I grabbed his curls gently (they are quite soft) and tugged to show that I wanted to sit with him. He’s my flatmate, yeah, but he’s also my best friend (
Lestrade was standing beside John, he was fiddling with his tie that Mrs. Hudson helped him put on. It wasn’t that he didn’t know how to tie it; it was because of the reason why he was wearing one. Sherlock was getting married, SHERLOCK HOLMES was getting married. The man he knew for five plus years was getting married to his chosen mate, his partner, his colleague that has lived with him for so long. If Greg were to think back to the first time he’s clapped eyes on Sherlock, he would’ve said that he would end up dead in a ditch from an overdose within the next month, but he’s been proven so wrong, and he was so proud of that. He was asked to be best man because he was the closest thing to a friend that Sherlock had, and they trusted him, possibly even considered him family. The reason why was of unimportance, he was glad that he was even asked for such a vital role.
Just as quickly as the commotion started, it all disappeared, as if they thought up the whole scenario. And it was Sherlock first, who opened his eyes...
You were gone for a while, Sherlock. You told me that it would take a few hours for you to solve the case, so I waited, but then waiting for you seemed to take even longer. If I had known then why you took so long, then I would have understood, or I wouldn’t have. You remember my reaction to the news, I’m sorry I didn’t handle it better; I was just scared, and worried about you.
Molly, dear Molly, she took ill. She just got sick one day, out of the blue. Never really found out what she had, never cared to hear. A sickness is still a sickness no matter what name it has. She died peacefully, or so I’m told.
“Sorry. Damn it, we’ll be Sherlock Holmes-Watson, and John Watson, and nothing will ever change that.”
Sherlock could barely speak and he knew it. His face was perfect. His body was so perfect. John was in love with the perfect man. He kissed his lips, and could feel Sherlock’s moans vibrate on his. He pulled away to get a good look at Sherlock flushed and excited. He wanted to make him look like that all the time.
John caught that. The Doctor changed his words, whatever he found out, it was startling enough that he couldn't even say what he initially wanted to. John decided to ignore it for now, Sherlock was more important right now. Who was he kidding? Sherlock was always important. John's hand moved from his cheek to his curly hair and began to run his fingers through it.
"Alright," John whispered, "When he gets close enough, we attack, and then we get the hell out of this room. Understand?"
Papa always talks about you. He would always tell me about all the cases that you two went on together. You sound pretty cool.’”
He kept rocking Sherlock and stroking his messy curls, hearing the sobs coming from his Sherlock and he willed himself to keep singing. He wanted Sherlock to be okay.
“I could always put a shirt back on.” When he started to move, Sherlock held him down and said, “No! I like it. Your skin is quite soft.”
I remember the first time I acknowledged it. It was in the army, with someone you don’t know. I was happy, I was euphoric, and I thought I was in love. It was love that I felt for them, but it wasn’t as strong as I wanted it to be.
Young Sherlock considered this, but then shook his head. Always paranoid, Sherlock thought. He's always been cautious when others have shown care towards him. Nobody cared about him.
room, that he decorated himself, that he slept in occasionally, that he cried in the night of John’s marriage. The room that he slept in now was temporary, he knew that, but the room wasn’t for him and John, it was for John and Mary. This flat, was for John and Mary and Rosie. There was no space for him in here, he shouldn’t have space in here. John shouldn’t be warm and loving to him here. John shouldn’t kiss him, and make love to him and whisper that he loves him in the bed that he shared with his wife. Sherlock didn’t deserve John’s love; this house was proof of it. He didn’t deserve to have nice things happen to him.
John was laughing and fighting off Sherlock’s deft hits. He had to get used to dodging them since they were living together.
Holmes thought that he had taken Watson’s mind off of his worries, but realized that he failed when he saw Watson’s eyes flicker over to the clock and immediately began tapping his foot impatiently. He didn’t grumble this time, but Holmes knew full well what he was doing.
John looked at Rosie, who was now staring at him laughing. He shook his head. “Rosie! You shat on Sherlock Holmes!”
"I'm only trying to make conversation with you, John. She looks like she's having so much fun, why would I interrupt her to talk about school?"
‘John…’ God, you sounded like a zombie. I placed Kylie in her crib and then joined you on the bed. You were curled up into a ball so it was harder for me to examine you.
'You'll...you'll be unhappier than you are now.' That sounded right to me. I saw your face change from a frustrated frown to one of resignment. You knew what I was going to say, and for as much as you complained, I know that you couldn't leave me alone, not when you had the choice to stay, and you did. Slowly, your body sank into the bed, and your eyes had trouble meeting my own.
While Holmes was in an abandoned room with an unconscious Sherlock, Watson awoke to find himself in the same predicament. He wasn't tied up, that much was clear. He was laying face down on the floor as if he was carelessly thrown into the room like he was a ragdoll tossed aside by a child who no longer had any use for it. With the coldness of the hard floor, Watson pushed himself up to his feet, dusting off his coat and pants and any other part of the body that could have been coated with unwanted dust.
'Daddy's having a rough time of it, Kylie,' I started to say. I felt like she deserved an explanation at least, even though she had no idea what I was saying. I felt bad for her, Sherlock.
And the both of them crouched to the floor, letting the two angels make eye contact with each other and being stuck in their place. Watson however had to continue staring at his immobile attacker. John followed The Doctor's lead by crawling from in between the two angels. Once they were behind them, The Doctor ran to the last door of the corridor.
Lestrade took a deep breath and then paused momentarily to wipe at his eyes, which made Sherlock cry even harder, and John shed a few tears. Lestrade gave a short laugh.
“I know, John.” Sherlock’s voice was shaky but there was the underlying appreciation that made John feel a little better. He took a step forward and knelt to give Sherlock a kiss on his curls.
‘It was entertaining enough, I suppose. As usual, the spouse was killed and the other took the insurance money to live in the life of guilty pleasure. The best part was the look on the husband’s face.’
"No, there's more. I remember waking up, I'm not sure if I was in this room already, that’s not important. I saw people, two men; they were in the process of tying me up. There's a fireplace in here, Holmes, it was lit, the flames illuminating the room with its red and orange glow. Standing in front of the flames was a person, definitely male."
"Alright Sherlock let's be off now! Never know when an intergalactic war could break out. It does horrible things to time travel."
“Yes I’ve tried to find a way to occupy my time but there is only so much you can do in Victorian London that doesn’t involve the TARDIS.”
So this Holmes has a drug addiction too. He wondered if they were their ancestors or something and addiction ran in the family, but another part of him refused to believe in that theory because these two had the exact same names as them, they had the exact same professions, and they lived in the exact same flat as them. Something was wrong and the Doctor needed to turn up soon before John lost his mind. Watson looked back at John who was being so gentle to Sherlock, who was now falling asleep.
John frowned. He never knew that she did that purposefully, he's always dismissed as her wanting to know more about the parent she never got to meet.
John forced himself to look into those iridescent eyes and listen to what he had to say. He was caught off-guard by a kiss to his forehead. His mouth hung open trying to form words, but nothing came out. Sherlock then moved to stroke his cheek with his free hand and said, “Don’t worry, John. There’s no Holmes without Watson, wherever you are, I am.”
“I heard you.” John uttered lowly. He unbuckled his seatbelt and left the car. The driver drove off before John made it to the front door. John’s lip quivered from the sight of his door. A couple walked past him, they barely gave him a glance. John let out a sigh, people were going to think him a loon if he didn’t walk into the house. He whipped out his key and took slow steps over to the door. He tried to walk towards his room without looking to the right, but he couldn’t help himself. He expected Kylie to pop out of the room and pounce on his legs and give him the tightest hug she could muster. There’s nothing. Just her bed, covered in her various stuffed animals. The light is off, and the curtains are closed. His heart sank to his chest as he stared at the vacant room. She always hated it being so dark, he walked in to open the curtain but as soon as his feet were planted in the room, he couldn’t walk any further. There was a lump in his throat, he didn’t try to swallow it. He surveyed the room, all her books were neatly tucked inside the little shelf, her bed was made, and everything was as she left it. He couldn’t touch anything, he couldn’t.
We had nothing on for the rest of the day, I didn’t have work, and you were all out of cases. So there we were, walking hand-in-hand down the street, making our way to the park, doing nothing more than chatting about nonsense and how our day went, and making the stupid jokes we both found so funny. It was a nice day, so naturally, everybody was in the park. Everybody wanted to soak up the sun’s rays, it seems. This year is the one of those years where people decided to have a kid all at one time, which means we saw mothers and fathers walking past us with their children following behind them, if they weren’t in strollers, that is. You were irritated, so many people all cooped up in one area, you were never good with people. But I remember seeing your face as you watched all of the children laughing and playing with each other, I thought you were simply observing them, like you do with other people that you met, I was too busy admiring just how cute they can make everything look.
He steepled his hands under his chin as he paced back and forth, his mind racing as he searched for all of the questions to ask John. After a moment of silence, a spark came to Holmes's eyes as he did a full three-sixty to face John again. John gulped.
Sherlock couldn’t shake the feeling of guilt. His eyes watered and he said, “I’m afraid I won’t eat very much.”
“Yes. Well there still are some that are opposed to people who have relations with the same sex, but they are few compared to the others that support it.”
“I want to go upstairs,” Sherlock took his hand gently and began to walk towards the stairs, John following quietly behind him. The flat looked much better than when they last left it. There was a new carpet, and a new bookshelf with less than half of the books replaced. Their chairs were gone, as was Sherlock’s desk, and the window was covered up with cardboard and tape, just like the outside. The door to the kitchen was closed and the light was off, it would take just a little more time, but soon it would look like the old flat again. Sherlock wandered off in the direction of their rooms, he was quiet while John surveyed the flat. He was beginning to forget what it looked like, what it smelled like, what it
That’s what I said to get your attention. You always listened whenever I called you by one of your many pet names. Your icy eyes glanced over at me, and then you squinted. I knew you were thinking about me. Then, you opened your mouth.
“That’s enough of that.” he croaked. He put her clothes on and then took her to his and John’s room so that he could get dressed. If he wanted to make it on time for lunch, he would have to skip on the shower. Maybe he would have a bath with John today. He changed quickly and gave a brief smile to the baby who was sat on the bed, playing with the string of his robe. He picked her up and tickled her stomach.
She released herself. She wiped away a few tears, and gave some sniffles. I felt for her, I really did. Molly was standing in the doorway with Kylie in her arms. She looked close to tears too. The atmosphere was heavy with sadness, and I needed to get away from it. I was suffocated by it, and you didn’t need the negativity. Remember, we were trying optimism out for a change. It wasn’t working.
“No, you git. Meeting you was the best thing that’s happened to me. Even now, you’re the best thing that’s happened to me. I know that sometimes I don’t tell you, but I am now. Falling in love with the Sherlock Holmes was and still is the greatest thing to ever happen to one John Watson.”
He was talking to himself more than he was talking to the other two men standing there. He stepped back inside and then got a good look at his surroundings, his eyes moving from the control panel to the various other openings that led to different rooms, how many, John didn't know, and he still couldn't believe that he was standing inside the tiny blue police box that was resting on their street at the moment. He looked over at Sherlock who was giggling like a school girl at his confused fiancee. John was finally torn between stepping out of the TARDIS altogether or joining them inside.
'Can you...will you lay with me? Please? You always leave the room, can you not stand to look at me?' You asked me. Your tone was darkened as you said the last part. I was shocked to even hear you say that, Sherlock because you knew that that wasn't true at all.
Holmes looked down. He felt a twinge of hurt in his chest. These two can have each other however they pleased.
Follow me on Tumblr @highfunctioninggaybaby so that you can send in prompts for me that I can fill out and post here!
We caught the first cab we saw to the hospital, and met Lara at the entrance. She took us to the room Susanne was in, but only I entered it. You waited outside and that was fine with me because you were probably scared, even though you wouldn't admit it. Susanne was gripping the side of bed in obvious pain, and her hair was beginning to stick to her face. She smiled when she saw me, and asked where you were.
I spent every day after that mourning you and the life that I thought we could’ve had. I thought I saw you sometimes, walking into the flat, playing your violin, typing away on your laptop, but then I blinked, and you weren’t there. I would sit in my chair and stare at the one you should have been occupying, but it was empty. It was then that I knew that I would be back where I started all those years ago, hiding within myself and refusing to come to terms with myself. I was lost and all alone in a world without Sherlock, my Sherlock.
“No, no, Sherlock that’s not how this is going to go. You’re going to tell me exactly what you feel. You’re going to say ‘I love you, John Watson.’”
I thought that I was delirious from sleep deprivation when I saw the nurse that settled you in come walking over to me. I had both hands on the armrests and was ready to stand up the first moment she started speaking. She told me that the surgery was done, and that you were resting now. I looked over at Mycroft, who looked speechless for the first time ever, and then pushed past her to make my way towards you. Mycroft stayed behind to talk to the nurse further, not me; I just wanted to see you. When I entered the room, there you were, lying in the bed sleeping on your back. You hated sleeping like that but you couldn’t move much because of where they operated. I said your name quietly the first time, you didn’t respond, you were hooked on the pain medicine and so you were a bit out of it. I said your name a little louder; your eyelids fluttered like you were trying to open them. When I was at your bedside, I brushed some of your curls and gave you a light kiss. Your head was moving but your eyes were barely opened.
“Ugh, yes. He claims that he needs eyes and ears all over the city, so he finds the homeless children, orphans who run amok in the streets and gives them temporary employment tracking down some person or another. I would argue but at least it keeps them from dying of hunger. He calls them the Baker Street Irregulars, he could’ve thought up a better name for them, but the little buggers love it. Makes them sound like they’re apart of some special spy group, no doubt.”
Out of all the things I found inside of your drawers, I would never have expected to find what I did.
'Would you like to hold her?' I asked gently. This was still her baby, even if she was giving her to us.
“Maybe, maybe not, if he isn’t willing to talk about it, then it’s probably because he doesn’t want to relive it.”
“I love you too Sherlock Holmes. I have been entirely at your whim since Barts, and it amazes me every day to see how much deeper I fall for you.”
John was crying. Sherlock was crying too, but his tears were silent. John’s were sloppy and all over the place.
But like everything I plan, it always fucks up somewhere, and then it goes so horribly. I think the only thing I’ve ever gotten right was proposing to you. And let me tell you, Sherlock that was one of the greatest moments of my life that I have planned. I know that does wonders for your ego.
"Yeah I know that, that's why I'm trying to get this done so I can plan something out with the others, have Lestrade distract him or something, I don't know."
"I don't know...all I know is that we wouldn't be here if there was nothing wrong, but there is something wrong...something very...very...wrong."
All I could say was, “Ah.” Anything more than that and I felt that he would have my head. He sat up and pulled the paper out of his gown pocket. It had been folded and unfolded many times, like he couldn’t believe that he was reading the name right.
With laughter in his voice, The Doctor rolled all over them shouting, “Good morning! It’s about time you two woke up; it’s really no fun when everybody is sleeping, nothing to do to pass the time.”
“This is more than fascinating; this is...why there isn’t even a word sufficient enough to describe this. The future certainly is a marvelous wonder!”
‘It’s nothing, John, don’t worry about me.’ You told me with a soft voice. I had to believe you then, what choice did I have? If only I saw through you early on…
You were in your usual position. Your hands were steepled underneath your chin, you weren’t paying any attention to us, and your long body was sprawled out on the couch. I hope you didn’t have any nicotine patches on. You were doing so well.
The cab started to pull away and she rolled up her window after telling him to call her some more. Sherlock shoved his hands in his pockets and walked back inside.
They spent a while staring at each other with the rare expressions of tenderness and affection in its purest form, the expression of love. They weren’t displaying it as two love-birds would. They were subtle. They only allowed themselves to show it through soft smiles, bright eyes, and silence. To anyone else it looked as if they were simply staring at each other, but only a true romantic could see. They would code their love by using “My dear Watson” or “Brilliant, Holmes!” and the people around them would dismiss it as general conversation or the usual, but it was so much more than that. It was their way of courtship, and even though they couldn’t physically express their amorous feelings towards one another, that didn’t stop them from showing that they care deeply for each other.
Not really hearing Sherlock's question, he rested a hand on his prominent chin and started muttering to himself.
Holmes's eyes narrowed as he listened to Moriarty's words. His lip twitched, but he gave no response. Sherlock didn't either.
me. I fell so hopelessly in love with you I couldn’t stand it. And there was that nagging voice in the back of my head that told me that you didn’t like men, you didn’t believe in romance. That you didn’t feel things that way. Then we met Irene Adler and I thought…’It’s not that he didn’t feel love, he just didn’t feel love for you…’ but I still wanted you. I woke up every day after you jumped, and told myself that I was in a nightmare. That you were in the kitchen working on your experiments, or watching telly.”
The third time was when they took to lounging together on the sofa while Rosie dominated whatever they had on the television. John tried to change to the news for a moment and Rosie started shrieking whenever anything other than the Teletubbies on the screen. So, there they were, stuck watching the Teletubbies. John was indifferent to it, Sherlock, was horrified at how children found such frightening creatures entertaining.
'Hello, brother dear', you said to him. He only gave a quick nod and inched closer towards you. He was hesitant, like he didn't know how to handle your condition. I admit, I wouldn't be able to face it if my younger sibling were to contract cancer either.
'Hi, Sorry I'm late! There was an insane amount of traffic on the roads!' I knew that chipper voice anywhere. It was Molly. I stood up to join you two over at the door. She was making her way inside of the flat.
Anyway, while you slept, I did what I had always done and killed time by turning to the telly to watch the news or flipping through the pages of the paper, but not taking the time to read any of the stories. Kylie was asleep herself, she was in the crib sleeping. The flat was so quiet, and as the hours passed, I found myself wishing for one of you to wake up. I know that it was probably selfish of me, but it does get boring being alone. On some days, I would curl up in the bed with you, but I wouldn't sleep. I would stare at the wall while I inhaled the scent of your curls and think. I thought about what was to come, what would happen to you, to Kylie, to me. I thought about you getting sicker, and then I thought about what would happen if you needed to be admitted to the hospital if it got bad enough...and then I scared myself and kissed you to calm down. I didn't want to think about those things, love, but you were ill, and I hated not being able to do anything about it.
He tried to ignore Sherlock's pitiful stare toward Kylie. What was he going to say? How was he going to get out of this one? He blinked a few times, and then tried to get on one knee without falling over from his blurred sight.
