John walked out the hospital with a sigh of relief – night shifts had never been his favourites. He'd much rather spend the night cuddled up into Sherlock than running up and down the halls of the quiet, sterile building just for the sake of doing
John wanted to laugh at her blatancy, but his abdominal muscles were so painfully clenched already, he couldn't. Sherlock came bounding up the stairs moments later, stopping in front of John's room without looking inside. “Are you alright?” he asked, not sounding very honestly worried, but then this was Sherlock, John knew he meant it.
He looked at John in his red armchair. This was the harshness, the strength that he needed; craved. Mycroft wouldn't understand. He was fluff, if anything in his pants was working at all. He didn't understand the beauty of a real dom.
“I've been feeling a little nauseous quite often again. Other than that and an occasional migraine, nothing, no.”
He had never taken Mycroft's offer, naturally, but he hadn't told Sherlock either. It was bugging him, though. Sherlock's brother had been right. Right now, it was a little boring for John, but that was because there was virtually nothing for him to do as a pregnant Omega. But even just sitting around at home, having followed Sherlock's work on the case, it had been sort of thrilling. Most of the time, Sherlock seemed to have forgotten John was even there, talking more to the skull above the fireplace, but listening to the Alpha's train of thought, listing his deductions and conclusions – it had been intriguing. He had thrown in his own information here and there, which Sherlock had absorbed without questioning the source, but John wished he could have done more, become a bigger part in it. It had been his very own fate that had depended on that case after all. But at least he was now assured they were all 'taken care of'; those he'd got in contact with and a large number more from other auction houses.
To be fair, neither did John. Not really. He still didn't comprehend how his psyche could affect his body in such ways, much less his subconscious. But he knew it was in relation to Sherlock himself. When Sherlock was happy, John fell asleep easier or managed another slice of bread. But whenever the Omega looked at him, there was a wave of grief and sorrow coursing through both of them and he felt ready to spit just thinking about food. Looking at the clock, he noted he had two hours before Sherlock had to be woken for lunch, so he grabbed the bag with their old clothes and set off to return in time with a new set, asking the nurse about taking Sherlock out into the hospital's garden and, with her consent, re-entered the room, storing their stuff before gently waking his mate with a kiss to the forehead and some light shaking just as lunch was brought to him.
His indecisiveness and the torture it put on both of them would eventually put him in a sad mood and he would curl up around John to search reassurance that his Alpha loved him anyway. John would breath audibly, shift in his sleep and turn towards Sherlock and envelop him in his limbs.
“I'm serious, Sherlock. If it makes you feel uncomfortable, you have to tell me.” John urged, concern clearly visible on his face.
“On our own, yes. I did drugs, you were suicidal. But look where we are now. We're expecting quadruplets, John. 5 months ago, I didn't even know I could get an erection and here I am, sentimental and pregnant with nearly a litter. And the worst part is, that I'm happy. Like this. I'm just irrationally content. And it feels wrong, it really does, my head constantly screams at me to change something, but I won't. Because, for once, I feel.. in place. Like I am right where I belong. So I'm not changing what's right, I'm changing what's wrong, even if I spent all my life building that, assuming
So, he grabbed all the money he was saving for some reason he couldn’t remember at the time, and bought a house, an actual house outside the chaos of London. He opened a studio and learned to be again, and in some way, it almost felt true.
He assumed that it was simply convenient for him, but never bothered to ask the exact reason. So, he has no idea what it meant for John to come back, within those walls, to sit on that chair and think, realize, that Sherlock was gone.
Every time John found himself staring at an empty room, where nothing had been touched since that day, nor a person had entered in. John neither. He couldn’t. Looking through Sherlock's things felt so wrong that he just couldn’t. The only thing he purposely grabbed was, once, his violin, left as always in a random place around the house, which nearly tripped him. He took the violin, murmuring something under his breath, and stared at it.
He hoped that the voice would stop talking once at home, he thought that was just a stress reflex. John was the representation of being home, safe, in control.
He fell asleep more out of exhaustion than desire, but that was fine. John was there with him, he could relax for a moment.
And he would never allow himself to be resentful about it, because he'd taken something from John, and his best behaviour for the rest of their life was the least he could do to make up for it.
He must say, for the sake of honesty, he hadn't realized how far things had gone until his brother “came back” from the dead.
John had fallen for him when he'd found the kettle replaced after the previous one had become a victim of some experiment.
Not only the idea of moving from the couch seemed honestly horrendous, but it was extremely useless.
What harm could it do, to sometimes wander the city alone, looking for something in all the wrong places?
He sees and observes the reality around him even too much, as far as what he cares about. He can’t help it, so he obviously goes out very little.
It wasn’t only the clingy way Sherlock looked for John, hoped and believed he would be there for him.
There was no problem in organizing a wedding, and smiling at people, and being friendly with Mary. He liked Mary, she was an excellent choice as a wife.
But as soon as he laid his eyes on Sherlock, and he stared at him, he discovered he could not. Not with him at least—so busy with making him forget his abominable wife. As if he'd been the one to shoot, and not the one to be shot.
But he was home, alone, in control, and John's voice kept talking to him even if the real one didn’t even allow him to go in his new house.
Because his so-called genius brother didn’t realize at all that his feelings weren’t one sided. At all.
He'd fallen when Sherlock had made it clear he couldn’t care less about the Solar System or about who was the prime minister, but remembered his second name.
It was not what John should feel. Sherlock's just gotten back from the hospital, after his w—Mary shot him.
His brother, all focused in his new state of remembering to have feelings and how much it hurt, didn’t noticed the most obvious thing. The one just under his nose.
After discovering that Sherlock was, actually, alive, those boxes became a burden, and so he asked Mycroft to kindly bring them back to their owner.
It was like asking himself to cut off a finger. He tried, and tried hard, but every time he ended up alone in his chair, with a glass of scotch in his hand and many regrets in his eyes.
Now John had a broken heart and he was full of a rage ready to be aimed at anyone. He was staying at Baker Street for a while, until the waters calmed down, until Sherlock found a way to fix it.
Something in the back of his head was telling him to do something about that, but it had been a full, tough week in an even tougher life, so he just shut his eyes and rested on his chair.
No, the worst part was waiting. He needed to put himself together, force himself not to do anything stupid just to make it quicker. He had to stay put and watch things evolve until he could jump at the right moment and
He promised, when the nights were dark and he was tired and alone, he promised and promised to come back home soon.
And the worst part wasn’t the struggles. Actually, except for the Serbian Incident, the fighting and the wounds weren’t a habit.
John kept all of Sherlock's stuff. Everything, even the littlest, stupid thing like a paper with two words scribbled on in an illegible calligraphy. And, of course, he kept that awful piece where Sherlock described in detail why all John’s friends hated him. He never read it, because of reasons, but put that with all his stuff in the attic.
Sherlock watched him fall and be peacefully asleep without a sound. He should have told him to go in his room. Dear, he should have gone get some rest, too. He just couldn't.
And he should have seen it. Again and again, he’s useless when it comes to protect the people he cares about.
He was already sure he'd have to pick up his brother's pieces sooner rather than later, then Mugnussen happened and he was sure he'd be right.
And again and again and again until Sherlock had fallen too, but not in the way he'd imagined he would.
But you have to be blind to overlook such a thing like the relationship between Dr John Watson and the first, and only, Consulting Detective, Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock became all the things John needed from him. A friend, a help with the wedding, the saving hero in the shining armour, he would have been anything.
He didn’t manage to throw Sherlock in the trash, but at least he stopped going upstairs to look at that stuff like there was some secret answer in that junk that could save him, that could bring him back.
After that, he soon realized he could not live in that place anymore. It had never been a flat for one, even if Sherlock could have afforded it. It was always meant for the two of them.
That was the first natural thing happened since that day. The first time he hadn’t felt forced to do anything, like eat or sleep or talk to people who were worried for him. Why so worried, he wasn’t the one splattered on the sidewalk.
The only thing that kept him sane was John's voice inside his head. It had already happened, to hear him when he wasn’t actually there, sporadic moments in someone else's life, but in that two years his words became a constant companion. They reminded him to eat, sleep, and even to wash himself when he got the chance.
“John...” Sherlock tried to stop him from walking away, and failed horribly. “Can I have some soup? Please?” he tried calming the Alpha, an apologetic look on his face.
They fell silent for a while, neither of them wanting to throw the stone of inevitable discussion until it lay upon them so heavily, Sherlock couldn't bear staying silent any longer. “....The child?” he asked eventually.
When he lifted himself off of his mate, he licked the bit of liquid ice cream off his torso, dragging his tongue up until he got a kiss.
There was no chance John had only ever been with female Omegas – the way of expertise with which he treated his aching cock, kissing his head, licking down to the shaft with just the tip of his tongue, licking back up with the entire width of it before enveloping it with his lips an dipping down slowly, taking him almost all the way in, making Sherlock's pelvis snap upwards in confusion of ancient male instinct of trying get his penis into a fertile hole, conflicting with ancient Omega instinct of grinding against simply anything that might sooth the incredibly painful itch of having to have something up his bloody arse.
As a result, he was rather tense in the flat, around Sherlock. Observing his babies, he could tell his scent was coming back from pregnant to fertile. It explained why the Alpha kept wrinkling his nose and considerably heightened the amount of experiments dedicated to identifying various perfumes, types of tobacco and even the decay of different animals, including a human hand, a cat's paw and a pig's foot. John had told him off for that one and it had disappeared, thankfully.
She smiled again, finally granting him some eye contact. She was a really pretty woman. “None at all,” she said, then added “John” as an afterthought.
He never seized trying to reach John, though, he kept fighting against that pounding migraine to get some sort of signal over to his mate, but they must have been too far apart, it would seem, although it appeared to be a little more stable now than it had been before – maybe the drugs had had some kind of belated effect on his limbic system. He threw his head back, arching his spine. It felt like something was stabbing his heart while simultaneously running up and down his spine, using it like a xylophone, but instead of playing the instrument, someone took it for ventilation of anger.
“I know it's fine.” Sherlock instantly fired back like it was the most natural opinion in the world.
“Why should I want that, Sherlock? You're pregnant with four, they've been growing fast until now, I could have you waddling in three months and bound to bed in four, if only I kept you fed and lazy.”
“So, I have practically been bagging you to enlarge our pups, possibly even put an additional one in me?”
“Sherlock Holmes, look at you.” He said with a wide grin in his words. “Don't you always pride yourself with being so composed? Yet, here you are, screaming for your mate. Of course, he can't hear you, but you were already aware of that.” Sherlock despised every one of his smug words. He wanted to snap back at him so badly. “But I'll tell you one thing,” the man said, pausing as he came closer than he'd ever done before, leaning down to almost whisper in his ear. “Despite all the dried piss around here, you smell utterly delectable.” and with that, the man licked a wet stripe over the shell of his ear and Sherlock felt his greasy locks sticking to it. A cold shiver ran down his spine and his eyes snapped open as a hand drifted down his side to his hipbone.
Sherlock watched John's hands roam his belly almost defensively. “I don't get what you want from me, John. How else can I make you feel at home here?”
It took John a moment to realise what Sherlock was showing him, but when it cleared up, he finally noticed Sherlock's hollow cheeks having filled out again a bit, his fingers still lean, but not bony anymore, and, of course, his belly swollen several more inches.
Sherlock obeyed and instead gave him another soft kiss. “I'm just trying to show you that it's all fine. Don't most Omegas even desire a large Alpha cock?” the Omega frowned thoughtfully.
On "demand", I created a tumblr account to match this AO3 account. If you have any prompts and want to discreetly push them my way there, here you go: https://www.tumblr.com/blog/kinkmerighthererightnow
John made a noise of confirmation, chuckling a little. “Already done that. You don't feed them all day long! They're asleep now and, I pray to God, for most of the day as well. I'm knackered..” he complained, rubbing at his eyes for emphasis.
The Alpha looked down the street ahead of them. “Yeah, I know.” he mused, pushing everything irrational as far back as possible to concentrate properly. “It's not like I want this or do it on purpose.” he fired back, falling silent.
It seemed to take the Omega ages to prepare him – seating just one finger completely inside was apparently problematic because John clenched on the inside, pushing the digit back out, but Sherlock was gentle and insistent. It started getting better, though, when the younger one poked the tip of a second finger inside, stretching the tight muscles in a way that wasn't painful, but rather deliciously. It was then that John broke away from Sherlock's swollen lips to kiss along the line of his throat, finding the one spot that made the man moan regardless of where and in what situation they were. And he bathed in the beautiful sound, the thick rumble that was Sherlock's voice. He could feel his Omega's cock stiffening against him once more and that, along with those unholy noises, had his own member come back to life as well.
Panic gripped him. His hands lashed out at John, hitting his sides. “HONEYBEE!” he cried out his safe word. “HONEYBEE!”
“I know, love. I understand.” the Alpha replied warmly, taking his hand with a fond smile. “Well, go on, then.” he asked and continued to listen to Sherlock's ideas.
“Sherlock, did you listen to Dr. Field? It will be almost impossible for you to have them naturally.”
An eyebrow raised, Sherlock added, “Plus he practically single-handedly saved a herd of Omegas from the grasp of an organisation specialising in the enslavement of Omegas to Alphas and Betas.”
“Usually, I am careful to prepare you properly.. fuck, you're tight...” John moaned, hands grabbing the ice cream carton as to not hurt his mate with them.
“Oh, you know how he is!” she waved her hand dismissively. “Always trying to seem mysterious and indifferent. No, no, John, he is fond of you.” she then sighed and continued talking as if all this was oh-so-clear. “I am glad he finally found someone. He was always so lonely, sulking and especially after his whole --- thing!” she expressed, adding a whispered “drugs” with a disapproving expression.
Sherlock followed the order and got to his hands and knees. John climbed onto the bed. “You want to feel little. Powerless.” A sharp smack of John's hand against his arse. Sherlock yelped in surprise. “Insignificant.” The word was whispered in his ear as John leaned his full weight on Sherlock's back.
Hope you enjoy the laziness of a 2am me after close to no sleep anyway :D I really needed to finish two chapters tonight! ^^'
“Mycroft, I must ask you to leave. You're not exactly helping at the moment.” John voice was saying vaguely and he left the room with Mycroft. His Alpha was leaving. He was leaving because Sherlock couldn't protect their pup. He was leaving because Sherlock wasn't able to give him a healthy pup.
John took a sip and shrugged. “I don't know, I quite like it, actually. It's certainly better than the one we tried out in the beginning..” he replied, musing over the memory of that awful taste. “And your parents didn't seem to mind either.”
! Just how large am I going to get?!” John lay a soothing hand on Sherlock's thigh as he felt him stir internally.
When John entered, he was pleased. He knew, of course, that Sherlock hadn't really been sitting like this for two hours, but he always appreciated his efforts to spur on John's fantasies. The Alpha closed the door sharply, licking his lips. The top two buttons on Sherlock's shirt were nearly always open and John had a pleasure gaping at his exposed skin. Sherlock looked up at him from under his eyelashes, making him appear small and fragile. Mind you, he was fragile.
“It was on a Tuesday. We went out to the park together and he and I were playing with a ball. He'd thrown it a little too far, so I went to pick it up. When I turned back around, he was gone..” There was a ghostly expression on her face, turning her white and making her eyes water.
“Mhm, you're also used to not sleeping or eating for days and yet you have been tired and hungry for the better part of eight weeks.” John added to make his next point, which came after a small pause, as plausible to Sherlock as humanly possible. “Your body is changing. There's a lot of things that will still go 'wrong' or 'weird' according to you usual habits in the next seven months. Right now ,I would say your feet or at least your ankles are swelling. Possibly water being transferred to places it doesn't belong because your body is trying to figure out how to handle what it has finally acknowledged as your babies, creating room, shifting reservoirs. Just be glad those pills are keeping the nausea off the bill.”
“She is an athlete, she has the strength. I'm surprised you didn't notice the fact that she wore no lipstick, despite the rather large collection of colours and brands.”
He picked up his phone and looked through what few pictures he had on it. There were five of him and Sherlock; one attempted selfie, four shot by Greg or Molly and then sent to him. Then there were 12 photos of Sherlock, capturing the twelve weeks of pregnancy he'd already gone through. Today he would have taken the thirteenth picture with Sherlock glowering at him for this stupid idea.
The doctor hesitated shortly. “No. Now.. I got more good news.. The abnormally large dot we discovered in your last ultrasound? It's not an abnormality. Not as such.”
“You're eleven weeks along, Sherlock, if I tell them I'm on paternity leave already, they'll fire me.”
The alpha woman smiled brightly, and falsely, as she forced him into a hug. Her eyes settled on the pups eyeing her with uncertainty. “So good to see you, John! Aw, these little ones must be yours, huh? They have your distrustful expression and all!” she said, half-joking.
“Oh, yes, mock me all you will, Mycroft, no one can blame you for your ignorance on what it means to be an Omega. How would you? You already live the difficult struggle of being an Alpha!” Sherlock agreed in mock indignation.
But Sherlock butted in on his explanation. “John!” he yelled back inside, hand having just about stopped the front door from closing.
The small girl was looking at him curiously and, as he returned her stare, he saw her imitating his expression. He concentrated for a second, then smoothed out his features. She looked surprised and then grinned uncertainly, as if trying to make him smile, but unsure if he'd comply.
“I.. did?” Sherlock asked and, for a second, John looked like he genuinely was about to swing his fist. For a second, Sherlock was mildly terrified by John. “It's- I- no- ah... I- I seem to have forgotten I told you, that does
“Unless you absolutely don't want me to, yes, I will.” John replied, placing a kiss where his mouth was touching Sherlock's skin, only then finding that he very much liked kissing Sherlock's chest and therefore continued doing so, kissing and nipping along the pale flesh until settling for one of the sensitive rosy buds.
. He couldn't have John know, though – he would want to talk and either of them knew that neither of them was good at that.
He listened to the medics list the things he already knew, stone-y expression fixed to Sherlock's face, crying with pain and despair.
It was maddening how easily he was distracted these days. He was physically begging for sex at least four times a day!
Having had quite enough of suppressing his urges to comfort the stressed Omega over the last few weeks and being shut out by him continuously, Sherlock turned to him, back straightened to his full height. “Stop doing that. I don't know what you think we are to each other, but I deserve a little more than this, John. I have done nothing but treat you as an equal, which is not an invitation for you to treat me like anything less. God knows I don't care about all the Alphas you've fucked, but when they come into our home and start harassing you, and me, it becomes my business. Who was that woman?”
“I have been told it's larger than average.” John informed casually, an annoyed look on his face, that Sherlock didn't understand.
To John's apparent surprise, Sherlock didn't laugh or gave any sarcastic answer, just smiled lightly and whispered a soft “thank you.” He then went back to eating, ignoring the half-confused, half-adoring look John threw him – this was quite enough fluff for the day, screw the hormones. “When is our next appointment at Dr. Field's?”
“I do appreciate your sentiment over the absence of my brother, but a lsmall effort to uphold a little bit of dignity and decency would not go amiss, John.”
“Let. Me. Finish. I, of course, can only try to imagine how you feel in your skin right now, but I assure you I do
John had known it to be a bad idea to let Sherlock go on his own, but he couldn't just have left the shivering, scared Omega on the edge of his own heat standing there alone. He dived after Sherlock as soon as he was in caring hands, though, trailing their route by following Sherlock's familiar scent.
John made his way up to Greg's office, exchanging a greeting with a couple of sergeants and constables he'd got to know over the time working with Sherlock. Greg was already awaiting them, waving him right through into his office with the offer of a cup of coffee.
He lowered his bow, left hand remaining where it was; right hand cupping his abdomen; eyes still closed.
The Omega dragged the tip of his nose up and down John's erect member first, to calm him and signalise that he still had all the power to stop when he was getting too uncomfortable. Afterwards, Sherlock gave John's testicles a lick and a soft suck to slow down his progress downwards, keeping it calm and without rush. While he was still hovering over his mate's scrotum, his tongue lashed out to put momentary pressure to his perineum, muscles reflexively clenching, John grunting, his erection bobbing, Sherlock smirking. He went further down, his back bowing outwards almost painfully in the unhealthy position and additionally carrying the weight of John's restless calves as they tensed with each time he sucked the tissue against his lips.
am the one who's supposed to keep control even in such a situation, which I didn't. I am indescribably sorry! Know, that I did not just use you, never wanted to! It's just- you were smelling so-... I lost it. I'm so, so sorry!”
“Tommy's Alpha would be the next guardian to him, so I would say you'll stay with him.” John concluded and a smile spread across the children's faces.
“Something happened to Sherlock.” John simply stated, turning around, trying to make his way out of the room on wobbly legs.
John turned to whisper into Sherlock's ear teasingly. “No, I think that's just your tendency towards addiction.”
John began to breath harder the more Sherlock stimulated him, the fabric of his trousers soon became constricting, though, so Sherlock glided off the sofa and undid the useless clothing, never taking his eyes off John's, which looked back at him in mild confusion but also great anticipation. The Omega slid out his tongue in a straight line over his plush lower lip and then back again instantly, giving John a clue of what he was planning to do. A smug grin was his answer to John's hungry, yet somehow unusual, expression and he pulled trousers and briefs down slowly when John raised his hips off the cushions,the fabrics pooling around his ankles as soon as he was seated again.
“That's where opinions differ and two main theories were developed. Some say it's a psychological matter, that, when the Alpha is mentally ready and open to engage in that relationship, meaning that they have acknowledged the deep bond that is already naturally placed between them, they set off a chain of scentless hormones neither can detect. These hormones, however, get into the Omega's body, where they are declared compatible by certain enzymes, which then change their structure to pump them into the blood stream. It then takes a couple of days for the Omega's body to adjust to the new hormones and release its own, starting the reproductive systems and commencing the mating cycles.”
“If you'll step right over here, you can see Item 339,” Sherlock followed the group of Alphas to next showcase. Item 339 was laying on a 'bed', surrounded by four glass walls, like all the other auction Omegas, only he had even less space to move, hindered by a large belly. “He is an Omega Purist and therefore one of the rare 4% of the earth's population. An average Omega Purist, or short 'OP', usually holds a minimum of two litters at a time, that never consist of any less than two pups! As of now, this OP is carrying two litters with a total of five pups, currently five months along – an optimal breeder!”
“No, I'm not. I'm just not interested.” John disagreed and it wasn't a lie. He was, honest to God, not interested in such an offer, no matter the sum he could be promised.
Again, there wasn't much he remembered other than being guided to his hands and knees gently, carrying John's weight as he draped himself over the taller body and the magnificent feeling of fullness, of John pounding into him without restrained, but so, so very softly, that Sherlock supposed he merely imagined it being like this – caring, loving.
So, this isn't too long, but I've just had my last exam taken and, as you can imagine, I didn't have a lot of time or mind to put into this. That's the reason there's no smut this time, just fluff - I felt more like fluff.
John laughed properly now and brushed past her to hang up his jacket and take off his shoes. “Keep it in those naughtily tight trousers for now, will you?”
Coming back home, he shuffled over to and dropped into the sticky leather of Sherlock's chair. The material was ugly against his sensitive skin, nerves lighting up with the clutching of the touch, but Sherlock's scent still lingered here, just a little bit. His eyebrows drew together as his feet lifted onto the seat and his head dropped to where his mate's curls had often been resting, giving his perspiration over into the furniture where it was now preserved, the young smell of his omega nature not yet ingrained enough to be a permanent feature and by now almost gone and replaced with John's own scent, but as long as the illusion was there, Sherlock was there. As long as Sherlock was there, John could never let go.
When he woke again, he had forgotten he'd even fallen asleep. But most importantly, John wasn't there. Sherlock knew it was stupid and irrational, but immediately fear rose fast and strong inside his chest, his upper body shooting into a vertical position, the soar muscles a dull pain as his eyes widened and he clutched his chest, mouth agape to manage the sudden need for quicker exchange of fresh and used air. He sat there for a minute, just staring at his blanket-covered legs as he wondered why he was reacting this way. It wasn't doing him any good, was it.
Despite all the craving and longing and demanding to be filled, his cock was so painfully hard and desperate for touch, he slid his hand over his hip to his prick realising that John still had his mouth on it. He whined pathetically, the realisation of not getting any satisfaction as it was making him feel ever so lost.
The relief John felt was almost tangible through the phone. “You should be okay to. I'll call ahead, but I've set things up when I registered them. Just in case. Uh, don't forget your ID.”
Sherlock paused where he was pulling out mugs from a cupboard. “Ah.” he placed one back on the shelf. “Well, help yourself to anything, then. Except my chemicals, obviously.”
Sherlock was tossing and turning. Half-awake, he felt himself drenched in his own sweat, freezing his body in the cold room. He screamed and begged for John, but he couldn't stop. His mind was right there, looking down on himself – the pathetic creature, who'd lost control, but for some reason he also felt a nagging sense of empathy for the helpless, fresh Omega.
“Sherlock, what are you- no, no, no! Back to bed!” John ordered, catching his wobbly steps before he could fall.
“John, just because I myself might not be overly romantic doesn't mean I can't be in a romantic relationship.” Sherlock grumbled and set his toast down. He wasn't hungry in the least.
He ruffled his hair up, knowing how his unruly curls drove the Alpha mad and faced the door, kneeling on his bed, back straight and head hanging between his shoulders a bit.
“Back, yes, it's hard enough to get the damn bags up the stairs, no need to walk them all the way home. But to the shop we'll get by walking, chop chop! It'll do you good on those thighs!”
Basically, John was complex and complicated and if Sherlock understood a tat more about psychology, he'd build a whole new sector in his mind palace for the analysis of John's psyche. “No, you completely misunderstood-”
“No, I always thought that was a legend! To be honest, most people do.. wait. Does that mean you two are soul mates?! Bloody hell, I knew you were good for that man!”
John merely lifted an eyebrow, not even raising his gaze from where it fixed his laptop's screen.”I am not going to be part of your childish squabbles.”
But Yvonne was charming and pretty and he liked the smell of her pheromones. “Maybe, heh. Don't know that I'm much of a catch.”
I've been correcting some mistakes, like John and Sherlock leaving the house twice.. if you find any more, please let me know.
And so John let go, arching against Sherlock's body as it was already pressed against his own, choked noise dying in his throat as his cum hit their bellies where they were flush against each other.
“You look.. awful....” Sherlock said and John knew what he meant, though the pauses in his speech concerned him more as he was aware that was to suppress audible proof of his pain.
“Shh.. Neither do I, but if that's what's happening right now, there might be nothing we can do to save it. Remember how we talked about this? It's okay.” John tried to calm him, but couldn't he see what was happening?!
He knew Mycroft and him had a complicated relationship, but that was just their version of ordinary sibling rivalry and if either of them was cold and detached, it was definitely Sherlock, not Mycroft. He was sure his older brother had been a dick to him now and then, but overall very caring and gentle with his 'fragile' baby brother – he knew what a sensitive soul he was after all. Maybe it had been the oldest one of them then, Sherrinford. After all, the family rarely even mentioned him, who knew just what he did to deserve such a treatment from the most fluffy couple of parents John had ever met.
When his eyes rolled back to the front again and his swimming head was coming back to life, he smelled something warm, something sweet. A noise rang through the empty room and it took him a good while to comprehend it had been his own desperate moan. He tried straightening his upper body from where his hands still touched ice-cold concrete, but as soon as his fingertips lost contact to the only up-and-down orientation he had in that moment, he began swaying, sagging and hitting the floor again. Drowsily, he instead dragged himself over the floor to where the delicious smell came from. He needed sugar, he could physically feel it. When he'd managed crawling toward the hot plate until he could feel the tug of the unmerciful chain, he tried pulling himself further forward, the cold making his body numb enough so that his dizzy brain couldn't register the pain the chafing gave him. He just wanted to reach! Just a bit- yes! He had touched it! Now he only needed to actually pull it to himself when he managed to reach it again. Seven attempts and a couple of minutes later, Sherlock was chewing on a crepe with more bliss than he'd ever felt consuming a meal. He actually heard himself moaning around the bites, although, consciously, he couldn't act to stop himself. When he'd finished ten minutes later, the Alpha from earlier came back inside, handing him a glass of water, which he downed greedily, whining for more afterwards.
“The mental bond? The conscious manipulation of it? Turning it on and off at our will? Only quite catching when all doubts between us were erased? How would you explain these things if not by a perfect bond? Ordinary bonds don't feature these abilities.”
Sherlock knew, it was just John's instinct making him say it out loud, but when the Alpha had fallen asleep and he himself still walked on the edge to unconsciousness, he would look at John laying on his back, he would stroke his chest and shoulders and belly, he would circle the scar in his left shoulder and think.
“What were you two doing here anyway?” The question, like the look, was cast towards the both of them.
“Mmh, why not. Could do with the exercise. My legs have been killing me recently.” the Omega complained.
“Sorry.” John breathed, pausing to fight back a sudden rush of tears, so unlikely on the man's face. “Just this...” he managed as nothing more than an exhale, gathering his focus to try and speak more clearly. Failing. “It's just all this.... I hadn't slept in a month, Sherlock.. I was so worried.. And when I found you, when you were back... I just noticed something wasn't right.. with me.. I'm working on it, I swear I am.. The eating, too! I just... I need some more time..”
Then Sherlock was gently shaking his shoulder. “John.” The Omega looked at where Sherlock was leaning over him. “Perhaps you should go to bed.”
For a moment, John stared, clearly processing what Sherlock had just said, trying to filter the sense in it. “The Omega body has a law of its own. Sure, you can do studies, collect examples and find an average to settle on, but in fact, it's still all individuals, variables. Now, as Dr. Field said, multiples aren't uncommon among first pregnancies, as is the release of an additional ovum during the early weeks of pregnancy. The latter one depends mostly on both quantity and quality of hormones released by the mated Alpha – a mixture of hormones released only during sex. The amount of intercourse we've been having these past ten weeks at a constant rate and the fact that we connect on an above scientific level, seems to have been the correct dosage, if not an overdose. Your pregnancy was either still young enough to not be entirely registered or it was really an overdose of hormones for you to release an ovum whilst already pregnant. Anyway, we really
The blond considered him for a moment, red eyes with deep, dark rings, pale and crackling skin, shaking torso as he couldn't leave the ground without his nourishment.
“I'm horny. I am horny way too often these days, I'm getting a bit... alpha..” John realised in mild shock, looking up at Sherlock with wide, innocent eyes.
At the sound of John's voice, Sherlock looked up, noting Lestrade's absence and that John had sat down in front of him. When had that happened? “Obviously.”
She let out an exaggerated sigh but smiled brightly when Sherlock helped her out of her hiding place. Apparently getting there had been easier. “Me too, Shellock!” she demanded excitedly, holding up her arms.
“That's not your mocking face. What's wrong, love, what have you been thinking about?” the other asked, placing the items back down on the coffee table, then rounding it to kneel in front of his mate.
John remained calm. “You're not ready yet.” he replied, beginning to make their coffee as usual. He then turned around, throwing Sherlock a smile, but his expression was entirely even, muted. “You're not ready for the real deal.”
Sherlock is rather representing light in this rather dark world, while keeping his grey-zone character.
“I also don't want a naked Omega running around my flat.” Sherlock stuck one of the cigarettes between his lips and lit it, sucking on the other end of the fag to encourage the fire. He blew out the first cloud of smoke with an expression of utter relief. It was beautiful on him, John thought, but the circumstances weren't quite as much to his liking. He moved to open a window sheepishly. Sherlock looked at him in irritation for a second until John turned back around to face him and realisation dawned on his face. “Ah.” was all the Alpha offered. He moved to the kitchen, opening the window there and leaning to guide the smoke outside, although annoyance clouded his features still.
Finally John stirred awake, his mate's unrest influencing him more than his shouts. Except it wasn't unrest. It was... panic? Yes, panic, John and you need to catch up right now! “Sherlock? What's wrong?”
Sherlock's voice was very intense in its focus on John's phone. “A few hours after his last victim, and now he receives a text that can only be from her. If somebody had just
Before Sherlock even had time to catch his breath again, John was pounding into him, pulling him back only to budge him forward with each thrust. It hurt, but it felt infinitely too good. Sherlock was coughing out moans as he watched the headboard coming closer and closer.
“We'll discuss this later.” he decided, he didn't want to fight now, not in his position and with John's hand moving so hypnotically on his scalp.
He focused deeply and hoped his suspicion to be confirmed when he tried to send out emotions that, in a perfect measure of each, let John feel his inaudible question //shall I stop?//
The other man knelt down beside him instead, grabbing his chin, tilting his face to himself, touching his forehead to check his temperature. “Pretty outspoken for an Omega. Bit rude, don't you think, to speak to an Alpha like that? Many would get you arrested for that.. or teach you a little respect..” his eyelids were pulled apart and Sherlock was looking right back into a pair of dark blue eyes, authoritative, but not unkind.
“Regrettably. He'd be a remarkable example of independence for all Omegas, but the world is rarely so kind as to grant the less fortunate such a chance.”
“Not like this.. Your stomach would reject most food right now until it is used to nutrition sufficiently again. Then they have to take small steps, beginning with water and soup.”
“Yes, you both know each other's habits very well after spending your childhoods together. A very good sibling bond. Can we move on now?” John interrupted again.
keep drinking that. If you're doing it out of solidarity – you don't have to. I know it tastes awful.” he almost growled looking at the decaffeinated tea in his cup as if it had offended his mother.
“I'm sorry Greg. I just wanted to help that little boy.” Thinking of himself and imagining his pups, John couldn't hold back any more and shielded his eyes with his hands, elbows resting on his thighs. Sherlock had been hovering by his side and now laid a hand on his shoulder. Light at first, as always asking for permission, then with a certainty, squeezing it briefly. John used the backs of his hands to wipe away the dampness on his cheeks, sniffling once. “I'm sorry, I never meant to get you in trouble.”
Chances were, he had already conceived. He couldn't- could he?! He mustn't have! John wouldn't like that, not at all. John would shout at him for having made him a father unprepared!
I had this chapter sitting almost finished for a couple weeks, but, having worked on it bit by bit and feeling unsatisfied by it, I changed some bits and especially then ending.
“It's nothing, I was just surprised by their rapid development. They aren't more than 6 months old. That's a bit fast for human offspring.”
When an Alpha, a bit taller than John, rounded the corner and, on sight, stopped to start flirting with the shorter Omega, Sherlock was instantly alerted. “What does a pretty, little, pregnant, unbonded Omega like you do all on your own out on the streets?”
As, in heat, the ring of muscle was already naturally loosened, John very soon pushed in another finger, giving Sherlock that beautiful,
Ignoring any further questions Greg might have had, Sherlock ushered John and Tommy towards the exit. Outside a crowd had gathered, among them Tommy's sister. Lisa clapped a hand over her mouth and the boy ran towards her in an instant.
Sherlock got up slowly, cupping his small belly as he lifted himself up, straightening his back. Looking down his naked body, he regarded what their pups were doing to him. It was still small, but he could only see half of his feet anymore and it was only a matter of time until the growth spurts would finally set in.
As always: Mistakes are mine and there ought to be lots of them this time, so if you find any, please return them! Contact me in the comments!
PS: let me just advertise my new-ish tumblr again. It can be found on my profile (actually that's about all you can find there), but, idk, I'm tired. I'm seeing Martin Freeman's face in every actor that doesn't even remotely look like him..
There was a moment of hesitation. “Alright.” the man said and before Sherlock knew what was going on, he was being picked up and found himself cradled securely in a pair of strong arms.
doctor. When were you going to tell the rest of your family that you bonded and got pregnant? When were you going to reveal to
Sherlock frowned. “When are we supposed to do that?! In the middle of the night? John, you already work all day long and you do need to eat and sleep. And I am not willing to cut down on the time we have sex.”
John had gotten to know the landlady, Mrs Hudson. She was a nice lady, an Alpha way past her menopause and as loving and caring as it ever got. Beside Sherlock and Mycroft, John had never met an Alpha even remotely treating an Omega anything akin to an equal, even the military had him masquerading as a Beta, and yet, the woman, who was an even older generation than himself, was talking to him in such a respectful way, he wanted to cry with joy. Then again, that might have been his hormones.
After breakfast came a good long piece on the violin as had become his routine. He'd read that the child could very well hear what was going on outside and that the choice of music can influence it, although he couldn't imagine it having an impact, really – he couldn't remember his mother ever listening to classical music.
“Is that your real name?” John doubted it and she confirmed his suspicion. “Any point in asking where I'm going?”
John, luckily, nodded and got up, turning to pick up his laptop and make his way up to his room when he turns around. “You might want to be in your room for this.. I don't think you'd appreciate someone else walking in on you in this condition, much less a random Alpha from the street, smelling, god,
“Mh. Why do you ask?” John enquired, taking another bite of his apple as he let Rosie inspect the fingers of his free hand.
“John, people aren't perfect. Stop thinking you could be. Yes, you will make mistakes. I will make mistakes, too. That is how we learn to do it right.”
It was oddly arousing how insane it drove John, but he still felt ugly and it got worse and worse every day. He was five weeks along now and he started to fear that, when this pregnancy was over, he would look like a beached whale, simply because John was practically stuffing his mouth as soon as it was empty... and he didn't even defend himself. Now he was looking at himself, like every other morning John was out early, and noted every fraction of an inch that his stomach progressed on pushing outward – there was a reason he made jokes about Mycroft weight after all! Soon, he dreaded, his older brother might throw food at him for revenge...
Sherlock merely gave a small but honest chuckle. He was coming back to his old self after all. “Thank you, John.” he said after a pause, in which he had probably considered whether or not it was worth to be said.
“I did not ask you to.” Sherlock replied with a force that wasn't audible, but it was certainly perceptible. “I have been working this case for months, I will
But never would he ignore the man behind it all; the crush he had long denied and ignored; the love he had declared himself defeated to as soon as he'd acknowledged its existence. To actually think it would ever turn out this way would have left him laughing those two days before Sherlock's heat had surprised them.
John stared back at him still. Eventually, he blinked, took a deep breath and talked. “Sherlock.. I can understand if you think that is.. too much.. too complicated..” he muttered, apparently unsure what it was he wanted to say. There was no judgement in his tone, just the numbness of surprise and shock. Clearly he wanted to leave it to Sherlock to say more.
“Please take a seat. The doctor will be with you in a moment.” the assistant said, a big, fake smile on her face. Sherlock sat down on the bed and John sat next to him for the moment, holding his hand.
He collapsed on top of Sherlock an the brunet softly rolled him over to lay beside him. There was still a look of concern adorning John's otherwise screwed up in pleasure face. The other Omega caressed his cheek. “It's okay, John. I'm inside you, that's my knot.” he murmured to the creature of instinct in front of him. Kissing him again. “You are going to have my pups.”
“Maybe you should take a look at that temple.. It's bleeding a little.” Sherlock mumbled in concern, a shimmer of red on his pale cheeks.
“I noticed and was hardly surprised because; of course you would.” Sherlock interrupted, idly pulling at the strings of his violin, giving the patronising smile back to the, apparent owner.
As soon as Sherlock was finally seated, he took a pause to get them both down again, his eyes falling on the creamy treat John was still clinging to.
“See?” John questioned, expression changing into a gentle smile. “Don't try to be funny, Sherlock, I didn't bond with you for your humour. And besides – you're a lot funnier if you're not trying to be.”
Alex was already lightly bumping a fist against his chest as he settled back against the headboard on his bed, scooping Kat back up and positioning them both comfortably. He lifted his jumper and undid the front of his chest binder, only realising then how much his breathing had been constricted by it. He sighed as his full breasts sagged slightly, being freed from the squeeze. The two pups latched on like magnets. His head fell back against the wall and he closed his eyes. It was such a new and wonderful feeling every time he fed his children. In contrast to regular Omegas, he produced enough milk to feed all of his pups in a reasonable time and for three meals a day. It felt a bit odd, but mainly it was a wonderful experience to him every time; the closeness he could share with his pups, feeling fulfilled for successfully caring for his babies. In these moments, he could dream of one day having an actual, functioning family with a nice person, a job, a house and all the human warmth he'd desired ever since he'd been a child. Even with his presenting as a Purist, John had never stopped dreaming. Some day, he would love someone and they would love him back for who he is, not what. They would raise these children with him and support his choices in life. He couldn't thank Sherlock enough for having brought him in a position where such a dream might actually become an option. He couldn't bare any more pregnancies and never seeing his children.
John took a quick, deep breath, avoiding eye-contact. “I took it a bit too personally. I got too involved.” He briefly caught Sherlock's eye with that last sentence.
John, always the expectation-defying man, approached him again and gently forced his arms around Sherlock's body. “John, what are you doing?! No, don't, please, don't! Just go upstairs and I'll see a way to get to my room, just please, do not strain your back to carry me and risk losing control.
Right when the elder woman left, there was another pair of footsteps on the stairs, considering weight and pace, it was Lestrade. He was right. “Hello, John,” he told the kitchen,” hello, Sherlock! How's the case going? I need results.”
in you?! I don't know why Dr. Brown doesn't comment on that, since, frankly, he comments everything, but now I will. If you don't start eating normally again, John, I'll have Mycroft have you bound to a bed like me until your vitals go up again!”
With every forkful, Sherlock's efforts, and innuendos, got more obvious. He was just suggestively licking the thing for ten seconds after having cleaned it and John was just watching him, apparently unimpressed. The Omega let his posture fall. “You were so excited for me to grow big with this pregnancy. Is it not what you expected? Do I look disgusting to you now?”
He was just about to say something else when his children started unsettling each other, one of them starting to cry. John gave the leader of the team an exasperated sigh and rushed upstairs. He heard them bickering on the lower floor as he rocked and cuddled two pups at once, one in each arm, balanced against his torso. When he was finally able to leave his room again, carrying Jacob downstairs as the boy ran his fist up and down against John's chest, a noise was coming from his laptop. He went to look at it and found it showed a map and the noise was apparently a tracker having located something.
The DI took a deep breath. “Well, let's just hope that pup in there is gonna get your intellect.” he said with a grin.
Of course, Sherlock wasn't great in understanding people, worse than himself, so he probably had gathered that the Alpha's issues weren't strictly physical ones, but he'd also not understood what the precise nature of his problems was.
He nodded, less to agree with something and more for a lack of any other possible reaction. “What's your name then?”
“When you say 'nothing to fret', do you, in fact, know what that means?!” the Alpha growled in panic? Was it panic? Why ever did the skill of emotional reading subside with the end of his heat again?! Would come in very handy with the conversation with his
“My meaning is, that you are pregnant with quadruplets. First pregnancies with multiple pups aren't uncommon, Mr. Holmes, though I thought at your age that might not be the case..”
“Not at all.” he replied in a distracted way, pocketing his phone again, message and answer pushed to the back of his head for now.
The Alpha merely raised his eyebrow at Sherlock's hissing, unimpressed. John could hear his blood rushing through his own ears at the tennis game of a dominance display. “By no means! That would ruin the entire operation, obviously. I am only making sure you stay in the clear.”
Sherlock looked at John, who was staring at the kettle. He recognised that he may be stepping into some personal business that wasn't his to know about. He realised he was being unfair to the Omega and not giving him the respect he'd praised himself for before. The Alpha had to admit his pride had ridden the worry-wave hard just then, which didn't mean his concerns were unfounded. “Is she dangerous?”
Sherlock knew, from how sure John sounded, that there was no point even trying to lie about it to make the Alpha feel better. “Yes.”
Her husband sat down beside her and motioned for John to take a seat next to him, which, reluctantly, he did, sitting there a little stiff with confusion.
“Exactly. I'm being released tomorrow, so why take another stroll out here? To say goodbye to the birds?”
His insides were screaming with concern for their pup and John himself didn't seem too calm either, but, as the Alpha in their relationship, he tried to calm his mate, kissing him and leading him to sit on the sofa where he cradled and cuddled him until both their minds had pushed the subject aside for now – it couldn't be declared dangerous until they got a better look.
No, he understood. He sympathised even. John should feel good and should be able to at all times. His happiness shouldn't be defined by Sherlock's moods or condition and vice versa.
Sherlock went ahead and served them all a cup, pulled up a chair and sat down facing them. “So,” Mummy Holmes spoke again, “I hear you two bonded right during Sherlock's first heat?” she said to change the subject.
“Fifth, actually. Why, does it bother you?” He stood, hands on his hips, ready to head out and not understanding of Sherlock's jealousy. John didn't have many friends and neither did Sherlock, so he guessed the Alpha just didn't like sharing. To be fair, John wasn't too different in that regard.
Sherlock took a deep breath with his eyes closed, trying to keep his focus as his body sent his mind further and further into 'not-so-much-needed-here'-state. “As lovely as this talk is going and as much as I appreciate you trying to be reassuring, I think you might want to leave now, it's starting up again, quite rapidly so, and I can't guarantee any long amount of time left of my rational mind being present.” John, visibly took note of Sherlock's quickening breath and the way he licked his lips, not able to stop himself from doing so.
He was just taking off his wet trousers as another contraction grabbed him right by the spine. He pressed a hand to his sagging belly, felt one of his pups stretch an elbow out to him.
Just how much had he gone through? Judging by the state he was in, it must have been too much. Sherlock didn't break easily, John was sure, and right now, the Omega wasn't even in his right mind. Reduced to a begging, whimpering pile of skin and bones. How lonely must he have been. Without anything to occupy his mind and body. Anyone would go mad. What if he won't recover?, if he ends up empty, chased by fears?, if he becomes afraid of John?, changes forever?
An hour later, Sherlock woke himself with the urge to vomit yet again, but at least this time it kept down to only half an hour until he could get up and eat the promised breakfast,which he was disturbingly hungry for, this time keeping all of it inside. It looked to becoming a boring day without John and somehow even worse: without sex. But then Lestrade burst into the flat as Sherlock lay on his back on the sofa, fighting every urge to start an experiment because John wouldn't like it if he did.
With a soft giggle, John took one more kiss from the Omega before he went to bring the tea dishes back into the kitchen. Meanwhile, Sherlock flopped down onto the sofa, staring at the ceiling.
John didn't believe him for a second, but he let it go, not wanting to pick a fight and ruin their moods. “This was.. really extraordinary.”
But Sherlock just crawled over him and kissed him like he had done so many times before, when they'd had 'conventional' sex, and it eased John's mind a little.
He hid and waited for Lestrade and his team to arrive. Only when he could see Sherlock safe and sound in the back of an ambulance did John join the small crowd of onlookers. He tried not to be too obvious as the man who just shot someone, but he wasn't surprised when Sherlock knew. To be completely honest, he was relieved by it; he wouldn't have to hide it from him.
“You miss the little buggers.” She sounded like she knew this problem all too well. John nodded along, taking another sip of water. The woman took out a pack of cigarettes and offered it to John. He declined, but said nothing against her smoking. “You should give it a try some day,” she said, putting one between her lips and lighting it, “can do real wonders to lower stress.”
As he was laying there and the gel was spread on his abdomen, he couldn't hold back any longer. “I know it doesn't appear on my files, but I have a serious history with drug abuse, how high are the chances that I miscarry because of it?” he blurted out, earning a look from John he couldn't name, located somewhere between concern and surprised disappointment. But John knew about this, he shouldn't be surprised.
Moments later, the woman in question entered the room, closing the door behind her immediately. “Mr Holmes, Doctor Watson! It's good to see you again- are you alright?” Doctor Field stopped in her tracks as she felt the thick air in the room. She quickly opened her files, reports from the hospital had been sent over and added to them. “Is your bond okay? I've read about your special relationship and that you took a strong blow.” she said concernedly. “Ah, yes, here. Are you two okay?”
“You've really- mmmhh.” he lost his sentence in a hearty growl as one end slipped out of his hand and he had the final proof that there was no way even these pair could be worn any more. “Ten weeks and you've finally done it.” John praised, massaging the small bump as Sherlock grinned at him proudly. “Well, at the rate you've been growing recently, it's hardly a surprise.. And you'll keep growing at a faster rate for the next six months, ohh, I can't wait!” The admiring tone had given way to a very aroused, very predatory one. Sherlock found he didn't mind it in the least. “Maybe I should go on holiday for a couple of months, so the surprise is bigger when I come home to you all big and immobile, my pups keeping you pinned to the last cushion you managed to lower yourself onto before you grew simply too heavy to get up again.”
John, eyes always averted, nodded. They took the last necessary steps to get ready and were on their way to Sherlock's specialist within a few, silent, minutes.
“Because I can't. It doesn't feel right. I have lost every right to touch you when I failed protecting you like a worthy Alpha should. It just feels like I'm.. forcing myself onto you..”
“For being so horrible, maybe?” came back as a reply, all defences up and perceivable in every fibre of the Alpha's being.
Sherlock felt the need to sooth John's mind. He didn't want to upset him. “If that's what it feels like.” he answered cautiously.
Sherlock was sitting on the sofa in the living room, bored. But also equally craving more than just some steak. Curse his hormones, but with his libido having come to life only five months ago and being immediately accustomed to near constant intercourse, these past weeks with John not touching him had him going slightly mad. He was growing more restless each day and his desire rarely ever died out. Now, he was internally horny even when they were having fights.
“You're pregnant, you need the nutrition. You're going to get a lot softer anyway, as the process makes progress.” John hummed into his neck, giving little kisses to the sensitive skin.
“Okay, I won't tell you.” John replied dismissively. He felt bad, yes, but not for disobeying – without his knowing at that – but for being utterly useless. He was in his third trimester, he'd been here for nearly two months and so far all he had done was sit around, waddle around, be in Sherlock's way like an untrained dog that didn't know what was going on around him.
“Hm?” Sherlock snapped his head back at John from where he'd been focused entirely on the street and the passing people.
“Well, what do you expect? If you power off a computer mid-saving, risk is, that the data, or at least parts of it, will be lost. I don't exactly fancy
Sherlock's answer was his 'could you be more stupid' look. “He was obviously referring to your pheromones nearly drowning us all.”
He leaned forward to make John lean back against the cushions, hands gliding down his Alpha's muscular front to unbutton his shirt. Doing the same for himself, Sherlock freed them both from their tops, Sherlock gladly so because his shirts were almost all painfully restraining him now, John's hands automatically coming to pull him closer by his hips, so that their upper bodies were flush together.
Sherlock took the clip from John and inspected it. Then he flipped through some sheets of paper on the table with a frown on his face. “It must have fallen off... Huh, indeed, it was supposed to keep these together. My apologies, that was not on the floor on purpose.”
John initially wanted to have his pups at the hospital, but when labour kicked in 3 weeks early, he was alone in the flat, in his bedroom, looking at photos in a sudden rush of nostalgia. He knew from experience he didn't have much time. Purist's birthing was a lot quicker than the average time a Beta took and he was all the way upstairs. It lately took him about ten minutes to reach the ground floor and with the pups shifting lower, limiting his mobility, he estimated another ten. He wouldn't be able to make it to the hospital after that and laying in the entrance of 221B while pushing out five babies really didn't sound very appealing. He grunted, standing up and gathering all the towels he had upstairs. With a lot of pulling and frustrated noises, he stripped his bed, throwing the first blanket over it before a contraction gripped him. He moaned in pain, curled in on himself a little and breathed through it. Once it was over, he continued throwing towels over his bed: bath towels, hand towels, wash cloths – no matter the size. It seemed a shame to soil these, undoubtedly, expensive cloths, but they were soft and absorbent and John had no time for materialistic thinking.
There was one shop in relatively close proximity to their flat, because Sherlock wanted the exercise of walking rather than taking a cab, that sold maternity clothing. Sherlock entered and wanted to turn right back around. It was all flowery and puffy and bright, pale colours. But he would have to come here eventually anyway as there would come a time not even the biggest shirts and trousers he could find around here would be a comfortable fit any more with the way his body was shaping. He threw the young shop assistant approaching with a big smile a glare and she immediately busied herself with something else. He scanned the shop to determine a pattern that would guide him to where he'd have to look and found that they organised by approximate-sizes-per-month. Who ever would need maternity clothes before they reached three months was beyond him, but they wouldn't be there if they didn't get sold, he supposed. He went to have a look at the four-months-section, starting at the smaller sizes, as he was right in the middle at the moment, and stopping at the smaller five-months sizes – everything else looked just barely bigger than the clothes he was wearing right now; some of John's wider clothing he hadn't worn since before he'd joined the army and which were already quite snug on Sherlock's hips. He frowned. Calculating for how long he could continue to wear his mates old clothes until he'd have to wear new ones was difficult with something as random and indeterminable as a pregnancy, especially one with multiples. Any day now the could start growing like the numbers of a well-fed bacteria colony and then he'd be buying clothes every day until the spurt settled down to give way for another possible one. A frustrated sigh escaped him as his left hand supported his back, out of reflex rather than actual need, and his right hand reached up to cup his forming belly. He'd had a couple of conversations with John about how different their perception of weight and body shape was. While John always looked fine to Sherlock, the Omega had been freaking out himself as his concave belly had started to first soften and then even flatten out. Everyone else had declared him 'looking healthy' while he was dreading to become fat and flabby. Now he was actually beginning to enter the convex side of life, and while he felt unmanageably happy and content with being pregnant – a state he'd dreamed about since he'd been a little boy and given up on when he didn't present even in his late teens –
Mrs Hudson didn't sound too pleased with the spontaneous request, but agreed almost instantly and explained twice to John how she was going to time everything. He didn't have the heart to tell her he'd gotten it the first time, especially when he had this huge favour to ask of her. When he joined Sherlock again, the Alpha suggested they go sit in a cafe that had an easy view of the house, but was far enough to not make them obvious to the couple. It took hours, many cups of coffee between them and a sandwich for John until the Beta finally left the house. John sat up in alert and Sherlock did the same, though more subtly. With one last look the Alpha had John confirm that he was good to go with this mission and then they were off, stalking after their suspect.
Life goes on, Sherlock and John are two opposites that don't really attract each other. Whatever had been there when they'd first "met", it wasn't pulling them together.
to!” he corrected, sobbing now with the frustration of his orgasm being held back. John released his cock mid-cry and send him jerking in his cage, scream and gasp for air desperately. As his hole tightened around John, the Alpha jerked his hips further inside Sherlock, shooting his semen inside the Omega as he grunted out curses.
“I do. It looks very good on you!” He reached out to feel the material on one of the sleeves. It seemed expensive.
“Would you say I'm 'driving you nuts'?” the Omega grinned in half-heartedly suppressed amusement. John raised his eyebrows in something that was disbelief and incredulous question.
“John, no. They are going to release me next week and I need to be able to walk!” Sherlock protested, trying to push against John as the man lead him back to his bed, but having to accept his muscles weren't ready yet.
“Or maybe both?” John whispered, deciding to occupy their mouths another way – they should save the talking for when the bump was more visible, not ruin the perks of anticipation.
“Mr Edwards, Tommy hasn't been at school for, well, at least a week.” said Sherlock, playing his role masterfully.
He shifted a little, getting more into a horizontal position to ease some of the strain off his back. His small belly wasn't heavy yet, but an upright position was still exhausting when he wasn't conscious to hold it straight. The slumped over position from before had him in pain now.
“Bed. Wait there for me.” the Alpha instructed and, with another kiss, watched his mate wander off into the bedroom.
.” he whispered, causing the Omega's body to shiver in arousal as he started to roll his hips and push up and down on Sherlock's beta cock.
“Now, Mycroft and Sherlock always had something about them. We knew they'd turn out... 'different' when they were only children. After our first we had an idea what 'normal' would be like and they weren't that.” her husband now spoke, with a smile that betrayed his words. He should look disappointed, going by his words, but instead, he looked as proud as any alpha parent would.
“Look, if it's too much, that's fine, just don't comment on it, please.” he added, his voice softening a little but his jawline still sternly tensed.
And indeed, Sherlock received a text message only half an hour later, containing an address and a picture of what she had found there that could be related.
John, still stirred by the accusation of possible bad parenting - or perhaps rather clinging to his pups a bit too much – was dancing between saying something mean and being surprised by Sherlock backing down. “
Now, I know I might have sounded a bit snappy in the notes on the last chapter and I won't even deny, that that is just what I'm like, but I'd like you to know, that, generally, I'm a rather non-bity person. Just so you don't fret leaving me comments ;)
John moved his mouth over his chin and along his neck while positioning himself between Sherlock's legs once again and lapping at the crook between neck and shoulder, preparing the skin for a bite, as he guessed, in the most arousing and heartbreaking way, as Sherlock just lay there, still, stunned into paralysis.
“Mh, do you like them?” he asked the small group of toddlers. They nodded and Alex let out a euphoric “YESS!”
! We couldn't have wished for a more fitting mate for Sherlock. He's always been a little terror, which shouldn't come as a surprise, all things considered. But when we heard he had presented after all, we were
“Fine with me.” Sherlock said with a dismissive wave of his hand. “As long as we get a real meal later, I mean.” he added with a smug grin, drawing slow circles over the small bump that was his once concave midsection.
John only tightened his embrace around Sherlock's body. He didn't even expect Sherlock to bring him pleasure.
Omega? Oh, God. “I dearly hope you're not asking about the length of my cock..” John asked back sounding rather disturbed.
“Well, as you can see, I am not alone. I am, in fact, on my way the the shops with my boyfriend here.” he said in an annoyed tone, raising their joined hands to eye-level. This wasn't the first ignorant Alpha they had to deal with. Unbonded Omegas weren't always safe outside as it is, but
John's jaw clenched at that and he looked away. “I thought you didn't want to talk about these kinds of things.”
“God, no, just saying I could.” Sherlock replied, but not letting go. He leaned down and pressed his nose against John's neck, right above his scent gland and inhaled. “I really appreciate what you did upstairs, you know. That was a really sweet gesture.” he admitted, pressing his lips against the spot and John let his head fall to the other side a little.
Sherlock said it very calmly and factual. John took a deep, calming breath against the rising level of rage inside him. “I could smell him all over you. I feel like I still can, sometimes.”
John had readied the kitchen table when Sherlock emerged from the bathroom, clouds of steam accompanying him. The mere thought of breakfast was sickening him as he usually did not eat so soon after leaving the bed, but he figured, that after a week of constant calorie burning and only eating when John had been granted the chance to prepare food, he should really consume something edible. Plus, he was pregnant with 99% probability and John would force him to eat anyway. He sat down in his usual chair, as did John. Facing each other from the opposite seats, they looked at each other for a moment, which felt awkward.
When he'd put them all to bed later that evening, he came back downstairs, making tea and sitting down in his usual armchair. Sherlock was sitting in the other one, though he was caught up in his mind palace. The Omega sipped at his tea; he'd missed the taste of it. Eventually, he'd gotten himself tea without caffeine, but it just wasn't the same.
The Omega collapsed on top and, reluctantly, John rolled both their shaking, panting bodies to the side so they had a little more room to catch their breath.
John's frown grew more disbelieving, but he kept his thoughts or diagnosis to himself. Sherlock didn't really want him to. “Do you know what your client wants, though?”
Sherlock frowned. “You like it.” he stated, not understanding why John would want to stop it if he was finding pleasure in it.
“Yeah, be a shame to skip right to desert.” He took the glasses and wine she handed him with a smirk.
He let the men buzz around his mate, holding his hand all the while until they were outside and inside and in an examination room and in a private room and until Greg asked him some questions about his gun, whether he'd been carrying it to work this whole time and honestly, John couldn't remember. He was just glad it had been there when he had needed it.
“You good?” John asked, setting the bag down, going over to place his hands over Sherlock's own, moving the one on his belly softly in slow circles.
“Well, you don't have to make a decision this instant.” John breathed, brushed a stray lock out of Sherlock's forehead and leaned over him to give him a long and gentle kiss, which Sherlock returned only too happily. “You should get a shower.” the Alpha whispered against his lips and Sherlock found he might actually find pleasure in this whole emotions thing after all. Especially when John kissed him again, the sensation warming and somehow hypnotising. “Or would you prefer to take a bath? I'd prepare one.”
hurt. Betrayed. And, as John Watson often did, he did the unexpected. Sherlock had anticipated another great row, stomping out of the flat or
“That was my brother Mycroft. He has a habit of being a pain in the arse.” he said as he sat down and grabbed his violin.
John waited for a moment and realised there was no further words to be expected from Sherlock, despite the doctor's waiting expression. “We are going to keep them.” the Alpha therefore added.
“Of course not! A veteran with PTSD and a tremor in his dominant hand? Not someone anyone really trusts with a gun.”
Sherlock undressed immediately, inspecting his body in the mirror briefly. In the last two days, he had been able to observe a clear change in his belly's shape – it had started to get firmer and push outward instead of pooling around his hips like the jiggly fat that was slowly retreating.
“I'm sorry, if I'm being over-protective, Sherlock. I don't mean to force you to do anything.” the older man said after a while, honesty audible in his voice.
Looking into icy blue eyes, he lowered himself, the head of the other's prick breaching his hole, followed by the harder shaft, which stretched him further and he had to pause once he was sitting in his lovers lap fully, breath shaking.
“Never felt so bloody alive and tired at the same time.” John chuckled, taking a large bite of his own. “Sherlock-...” he started, but never continued.
The Omega was seriously stunned into silence for a moment. He needed time to process this situation. Sherlock had had some time off lately, but John hadn't expected he fill his time with something like this. “That's really nice of you... But honestly, you don't need to do things like this. Even if you actually had something to apologise for.”
I would say "I hope chapter 2 shines more light on all that," but after writing this, I do see where you all came from talking about a darkfic..
When he next awoke, it was because of Sherlock shaking him lightly. He couldn't have been out for more than twenty minutes, he thought, but his children had crawled to another corner of the living room and were stacking bricks. John wondered since when there had been bricks in the house.
“John-” Sherlock started, but stopped to close his eyes as his body shook with a new wave of heat and arousal. “John, if anything, it would have been my duty to inform you about my approaching heat-”
“No, it's just a- ah, never mind.. Anyway, uh, I really need your help on this one.. Shall I take photos for you?”
It took precisely 1hour and 14minutes until the heavy door opened and someone stepped inside, probably to collect the plate.
Sherlock did give a half-hearted promise and shut the door on them when his mother reached out to touch his cheek again. “Oh, for God's-...” he began and never finished, the door clicking shut.
“Yes. He's on the force. Sure, he's not very fit and has neither technique nor outstanding skills... Maybe not Gilbert.”
John sat Rosie in one of the high chairs and warmed up one of the bottles of milk he kept in the fridge. He placed it in front of her and she reached for it immediately, more curious than hungry, but he assisted her. He then set to make coffee, petting her head and kissing her hair while it brewed. He set down one mug next to Sherlock, squeezing his shoulder to pull his attention to it. He used that moment to speak again. “Can I leave Rosie in the chair a few minutes? Just want to put some clothes on.”
“They're all waiting outside the back door.” Sherlock nodded at the whispered response. “So, what's the plan? Have you called Lestrade?”
“Probably a good choice – stuff tastes awful.” answered Greg causing them both a fit of chuckling. “Please, sit down!” he offered, moving to his own chair.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and pulled his mouth into a downward bow as if pondering that question very hard. He wasn't really, of course. “No,actually I'd prefer you not relying on me with your worries and emotional comfort-seeking, but I suppose that's unavoidable due to our bond anyway. No, I won't consult your opinion simply because I don't think it would be too wise a decision. I'm a Consulting Detective after all, I'll solve the mystery myself.” he replied, a smug and arrogant expression in his eyes.
Half an hour and Sherlock was napping. John had guided him back to bed, holding his hand for support, but letting him do the rest for himself. They hadn't talked, just felt each other, until Sherlock had fallen asleep. He'd often been tired before, but it seemed the stress still sat deep in his bones and he did little else but eat, sleep and build up his muscles by walking or with mild exercises John did with him.
“Look 'round ya, sweetheart, we've got a lot o' those here. Though usually not your age..” she murmured when John let his eyes wander to check their surroundings shortly. The flirt was back, great. Some Alphas just can't take the hint that 'mated' means 'bloody mated', no, instead she's leaning forward, trying to make him look at her large breasts, not seeming to understand that he had taken a quick look upon entering the bar and was anything but interested and especially MATED.
He sank back down onto the bed, panting, not knowing what they had given them that he reacted so violently to, but it was obviously affecting his hormonal status. He was being more irrational than the last couple of weeks. He'd gotten used to that a little, although he still wasn't happy about the lack of control and needed to get a tight grip on it again soon, right now, he was feeling anxious and hurt, even abandoned and betrayed, which he knew John was the last person to accuse of.
“Shit, Sherlock, a little preparation?” The lack of proper preparation made it difficult, but all the more wonderful.
When Lisa spoke now, her voice was shaking. “They had gone to get ice cream for us. I was supposed to look after him. I,” a sob made her gasp for air violently, “I only turned away for a second! How could I lose my brother like that?!”
And now, here he was, carrying that wonderful man's pup. No, he wasn't an emotional person, but he wasn't dead inside. He just couldn't tell others because he rarely knew himself. But he knew two things for sure: He loved John and he loved their pup.
The Omega felt his own dick touch the wooden headboard as it swung before him, his legs shoving apart, his body gliding up the wall as John continued to fuck him against it, grunting like an animal, until Sherlock was pressed against it. John's force was putting an increasing pressure on him as it trapped him between the hot, sweaty muscles of the Alpha's front and the cold, unmoving roughness of everything in front of him. The game of pain and pleasure had him close in in seconds, but John was holding his cock tight at the base, cutting of the final feeling he needed to tip over.
No words could have possibly described what he had felt that night. It wasn't just fear for their child, it was insecurity about himself. His doctor had said that, with a young biological cycle like his, there should be no complications despite his own age. One time, just one time he wanted to be good, make someone proud, be
didn't mind the belly and the thin layer of fat around it any more, he still felt very self-conscious about the fact that he was going to be positively
to remind me, you know? These cramps make it very hard not to realissssssssse..” he hissed at the next contraction.
John gave one of his 'you're an idiot' smiles and while they should be offensive to him, they really were nothing but adorable on John. “You know, it won't hurt you to make yourself a sandwich once in a while...”
What he got back, and it made him smile, was John trying to send back a simple negation, in which he succeeded. For a couple of moments Sherlock left his finger there, the tip of it just breeching the tight entrance and he went back to giving his attention to John's large cock.
“I'm a purist, this should be really easy for me,” John said sheepishly as he followed the Alpha. “And they are purist pups, they should be easy to handle on top of that.”
His third finger rose to the challenge and teased his hole. His left hand seemed undecided on whether to settle on his belly or his dick. As Sherlock began working himself on three fingers, hitting his prostate every now and then, John budged forward, helping his wandering hand by splaying one of his own over it in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. Sherlock stilled for a second, then, as if they'd agreed on it, his hand slipped away to work his cock, moaning as John began to touch, to feel around his middle.
If you've got prompts for other fics or maybe fanart (which I'm equally crappy at, yes), drop them over on my tumblr (http://kinkmerighthererightnow.tumblr.com/) as an ask or a message. Also, if you've got criticism or anything else, throw it at me in the comments or also on tumblr!
Smirking. Then the return of Lestrade, the laptop clutched under one arm. “Here's the thing, then. But we had a quick look, it's password protected.”
I find myself in a rather complicated situation and a bunch of bad moods, so I end up writing more than fulfilling my tasks... Ah, well ^^
“Twenty-nine, Thirty! Ready or not, here I come!” Sherlock announced to the empty flat. Only it wasn't empty. Five miniature people were hiding on this floor. He turned away from the door, shut so no one could waddle out and fall down any stairs, and pretended he hadn't heard someone shuffling underneath the sofa. “Hmm, where could they be...?” he wondered a little too loudly, walking into the middle of the room to look under the desk. Giggles emerged from the couch. Normally, that'd be fair game, but he did say this was the last round before bed, so he'd draw it out just a bit. He tip-toed towards the large windows, curtains drawn at this time, and quickly pulled the fabric away as if to jump someone, but nobody was hiding there. “Hmm,” he voiced again turned around. He ducked around both armchairs and stopped when his eyes 'coincidentally' landed on the space under the sofa, where Jacob was chuckling rather loudly at his little show. He could hear the toddler clap both hands to his mouth, but they both knew he'd been found out. Sherlock got on all fours and crawled over until Jacob couldn't deny any more that he had lost. He laughed heartily as he emerged from his hiding place and fell right into Sherlock's arms. “You scared me a little! I thought the sofa was laughing at me!” he joked and Jacob knew he was being silly.
There was still mistrust in the Omega's actions, but he let them inside at least. “The living room is this way. Would you like something to drink?” Both men declined. “Well, I don't know what exactly to tell you. My wife and I are very stable financially and emotionally. The children love her.”
John took a very short time to think about that. He knew that was true, but, surely, times didn't change this quickly. People were just teaching their children these new things. Their generation was still raised by the old standards, equality having been nothing more than a dream no one dared to utter in public.“Why are you being so kind to me?”
John was clearly just as surprised as he was himself, if the wide, shocked eyes with which he was looking down at him from his position of being propped up on his elbow was any indication. Sherlock was just about to ask John to say something,
“John, you think I have Asperger's. That's a form of autism. You love me. Why would you not love your own child?”
“I'm not stupid, John, I know we are.” he snapped back. He didn't mean to snap! There was a pang of hurt in his chest and he knew it wasn't his own, but a second later, it was gone and he was only half-complete again. The hand left, the warmth left and there was only the clattering of porcelain. Sherlock rolled over to face the back of the funiture.
“Would you shut up for a second.” Sherlock asked him and John fell silent immediately, looking at his mate for some sort of feedback. When Sherlock did finally turn to him, there was something akin to an apology engraved in his features. “I didn't-”
They eyed each other with challenging smiles for a moment, either of them knowing that neither wanted to really
Sherlock's reflex to smile was near unnoticeable as the man focused on staying professional. “Lovely guess, but unlikely. Ask yourself: Why wouldn't the
John looked a bit guilty. “I know you want nothing to do with them, but it's just not right pretending to them that you don't exist. They're starting to ask questions and-” Sherlock's face was a picture of shock and disbelief and John had to clarify “well, 'ask' as in point at stuff and give me the look. It's not like they can't see you. They'll be pointing at you sooner or later, not to mention walk up to you in curiosity, once they master that..”
John let out a breath of laughter. “I don't know, love. Every pregnancy is different. That's your body's issue, really.” Sherlock grunted again, annoyed at not knowing
The soup was quickly forgotten when Sherlock climbed into John's lap after having set both their bowls on the coffee table. John sighed happily as Sherlock grazed his tongue along the line of his lips, entering with slow licks against John's own waiting muscle.
“Oh, right, sorry. Okay, I'll be sending Donovan down to Baker Street to see if he's still there. You're staying with me.”
John looked like he was suddenly smacked in the face with both pity and amusement. “It's really not easy to settle into a secondary gender like that, is it?”
To this, John had to agree. He let out a deep sigh and got ready to leave the house. As they emerged onto the street, he called after Sherlock over the sound of a passing motorbike. “Shouldn't we first look where he disappeared?”
Just as he was dashing upstairs, meeting Mrs Hudson, who ensured him she'd fed all the pups and that they were already settling, John heard someone else enter the house. He could smell the male Beta. As he checked on his children, he could just about hear voices from downstairs; Sherlock talking to the Beta. He recognised the scent faintly, now that he thought about it. When John came back downstairs, the third man had left and Sherlock was mid-leap as he noticed John, quickly informing him about something with suicides and a note. He was shrugging on his coat, tying his scarf and was out the door quicker than he could tell John not to wait up with dinner.
“Can I help ya?” the woman with too much make-up and far too much cleavage in that cheap corset asked.
“No, Sherlock, I just mean, it is very, very likely you already are. First heat's always the one when an Omega is most fertile and I do like to think of myself as still virile, not matter my age.”
“Adjusting to the new situation kept me distracted at first, but at some point, I got used to it, at least to an extend that made further thought to it meaningless. It was either starting to work cases again and investigating in
His eyes were glued to her. She reminded him of someone or something, but he couldn't put his finger on it. They all did. Sherlock couldn't remember ever really interacting with pups, apart from when he was a small wriggling worms himself and that one time he was made to wait in the car with cousin Jen's baby son, who'd been asleep and woke up to his mother scolding Sherlock for wrapping the seatbelt around his little chair to find the most efficient baby protection a car had to offer. Thinking back it was most likely to have broken the boy's neck at the car's first brake, but it would have been a discovery nonetheless.
“No, Sherlock, don't come at me like that! You're in heat, there is no way this could be your fault! And anyway,
The only part of his biology that John was ever grateful for, was that purist children were so uncomplicated. There was rarely ever any fuss. Kat was a bit of a rebel, but as soon as John gave a firm word on her playing with her food too much, she slumped and ate properly.
“Well, I know what I want.” Sherlock replied, dragging his words a little, sounding uncharacteristically cheery. “And wooden furniture. Ash. With some colourful highlights to make it warm.”
“Hm, well, a migraine every now and then, as long as it doesn't feel 'wrong' to you, should be no issue. Nausea in the second trimester
He fell asleep surrounded by them about two hours later, his arms keeping them close to him protectively.
The Omega frowned, John wasn't responding at all. “Come on, John. Have sex with me!” he said in a pleading voice. It wasn't hard to figure out that he was getting frustrated.
“It's horrible. Losing one pup is painful enough, how could one sacrifice another to try and even it out? It's beyond me.” John did all he could to hold back the sudden rush of tears clawing at his eyes. They died out eventually, but he knew Sherlock had seen them. He could tell the Alpha was currently conflicted about wanting to touch John in a reassuring manner and not wanting to intrude on his private emotions or just assume he had the right to touch whenever he wanted.
I am here, by your side, where I belong, and I won't go away unless you want me to.” he said, his eyes flashing with honesty.
John called him at 1pm on a Wednesday. “Sherlock, I'm stuck in Essex. I've been sent out on a house call, but there's no trains going back to London for possibly another couple of hours. Something about a bomb that may or may not have been found on the line, I don't know, but I can't come home now.”
my patients tend to say that the pregnancy is the best time in their lives. I wouldn't know about that, as I'm childless myself, but Omegas do seem to have a certain glow to them when with child. It seems to be very rewarding.” she said with a gentle smile. Her eyes were a little off. Sherlock spared her the deduction that danced on his tongue. She was weirdly pleasant and, considering his own experience with this matter, he guessed her infertility was not something she liked to be reminded of.
Sherlock frowned at his fair chest hair. “Do you feel like that?” he asked, eyes fixed on where John's heart lay under layers of skin, flesh, bones, blood pipes, lungs.
A breathy chuckle sounded from his partner at the realisation. “You're in love, Sherlock, it's typical to feel like that.” he explained, pulling Sherlock a bit closer and nuzzling into his hair, breathing in his Omega's scent. Healthy, content, adoring, pregnant.
Sherlock realised he hadn't been prepared for the amount of semen an Alpha would release when he couldn't take more than two shots of it and quickly drew away, reached around and grabbed for a handkerchief to catch most of the rest of it, while John panted, little whimpers finding their way out with it as he sagged back into the cushions.
John put his mug down on the coffee table and pushed him back into the cushions. Tea sloshed against the sides of Sherlock's mug, but the Omega didn't dare move to put it down. The Alpha moved between his legs, shoving them apart as much as he could in that confined space. The towel parted after a certain point, laying him out bare underneath John, who rubbed his denim-clothed crotch against his. The friction was hard and cruel and, surprisingly, satisfying. There was no doubt that John was merely rubbing his scent all over him – a very primal thing to do and likely not entirely intentional, but pleasant to the instinctual side of a person.
“Well, let's not worry about it now. We still have god knows how long to go. Just note, that whatever decision you make, goes.”
“You are everything I expected, Sherlock.” John said, a flirtatious, sexy tone to his voice. He was looking Sherlock up an down. Even from across the room could the Omega see how dilated John's pupils were, his eyes dark with lust. “Very precisely.” he nearly whispered.
He pushed himself off the bed, falling straight to kissing the floor, cursing his sleeping muscles and crawled over to the other side of the room. When he couldn't move any further, he stretched his body until he could reach the outermost curve of the plate, pulling it closer bit by bit.
Sherlock stared back at John challengingly for some seconds. “Damn it.” he breathed a curse, mouth crushing down against John's, which curled up further in his grin.
He was definitely, definitely pregnant. And this was all going to fast for him. Three weeks ago, he had never thought he'd develop an interest in sex, even
John turned the attention from him by addressing Mycroft with a frown. “Why are you so keen to help us out anyway? What's in it for you?”
“I never thought an Omega could find such pleasure through stimulation of their secondary sex organ.” he panted.
“Well, considering who you are and what sources you'd be consulting, we can come back on what I said earlier: Most studies are only giving an average result. Either that, or even only Beta standards, ironically. Many scientist just assume that Alpha and Omega instincts are so strong, there would be no studies needed in the first place because they'd just figure it out themselves or else get educated by society. Not so Betas – they are almost completely without such instinctual knowledge so they need to be educated, and since Betas were rare throughout most of human history, they are still attractive test subjects to scientists.”
The returning bartender was a young omega with a kind and open expression. “Hi, how can I help you?”
Sherlock cocked his head, an amused smile playing on his lips. “You would know; trust issues and all.”
When John did finally make it to the top, the children started crawling off around the living room as the Omega took off his jacket. He stuck his head around the corner into the kitchen as he called out a greeting to Sherlock and froze. Five tiny humans picked up instantly on the change of mood in their purist parent and directed their attention back at him. “What are you doing here?” There was no joy of reunification in John's voice, no relief on his face. Sherlock was instantly alerted, standing down to leave the field to John, but ready to step in should their visitor get any ideas.
you for it!” the Omega exclaimed desperately. He moved, taking their plates from John and placing them on the night stand behind him, got on all fours and climbed into John's lap. “Please.” He lay his head into the crook of John's neck, pecking the skin gently. “Please,” he sighed, licking over John's carotid artery, “I want you. John, I want you so bad.” he rubbed his hardening cock against John's thigh for proof. He heard his mate's breath stutter, his hands moving to his hips. When he looked, John's eyes were closed, but his hands were pushing him away. “John.”
“Bloody hell, you didn't work like this, did ya?!”Greg asked incredulously. When John didn't answer, he continued. “Alright, your going straight to bed, John.”
Another tremor ran through his back, followed by a little groan he couldn't hold back. His heart clenched and he gasped out John's name. He felt incredibly ill within mere seconds and a surge of exhaustion pulled him right into a restless sleep.
“Well, no. But Sherlock has made it clear he doesn't want an Omega or children around the flat. He's done enough for me, I don't want to bother him any more.”
“You haven't come to terms with that yet? I- I thought you..” he replied hurriedly, drifting off as he had to re-calculate what to say to not upset John now.
Both brothers looked at him, a little scandalised – much to his amusement – before Mycroft continued. “So, I assume they have paid you a visit already?”
Sherlock was sound asleep, so he touched his shoulder and shook it lightly. “Sherlock.” A low grumble sounded after a bit. “Lestrade's here, he wants to talk about the case.”
“Is that what you feel like? An object? Is that what this bond is to you: the act of possessing you?” John shout-whispered as he always did when he was close to losing his temper and which was so much more dangerous sounding than if he really shouted.
“Because they see the world for what it is.” John agreed. “Mrs Hudson! We'll need some tea!” he shouted into the house, looking back at Sherlock. “And cancel my other appointments as well!”
“It would seem so. Although my tailor probably wouldn't make a lot of sense. Give me three weeks and I've outgrown the next lot.”
“Oh, cut the crap, John! You love eating and you're thin as a rake! Your metabolism isn't that good. Clearly, you're not eating healthily! For a doctor and someone always nagging me about it, that is a pretty hypocritical way to go about this and even lying to me, really! For the last one and a half weeks I've been working my way from tubes up to light meals and you're not even trying to get
Sherlock seemed to catch John's meaning and mouthed a 'be careful' at him behind the giant's back. Then he disappeared inside. John himself set off, too, however not to another club – where would be the point in that – but rather in search of a back entrance. Luckily, the guard's position was a little into the building, which obscured his view of most of the club's surroundings, so John had opportunity to roam freely around the venue. At last, he found a heavy door labelled 'NO ENTRANCE', but since he didn't give a damn, he pulled it open and slipped inside. It stank of perfumes, smoke, alcohol and humiliation. He knew some of them pretty well. This club was different, however, from the auctioning house he'd been kept in. This wasn't showcasing Omegas, but rather presenting them. There were changing rooms with what John assumed to be the Omegas' numbers. Five people per room, it seemed. He followed the most recent trail of Omega hormone cocktails in hopes it would lead him to where they were kept all day until the next show was on. He'd heard of the auctioning clubs, where they'd be pulled onto a stage and sold one by one to whoever was the highest bidder. He could never figure out which type of Omega-auction was less humane than the other.
“I will not be frequenting this location, that I can guarantee.” Sherlock replied coldly, a sheen of fondness in his eyes, invisible to strangers.
This seemed to do it for John, he pushed in, being locked safely by his rapidly inflating knot before he could pull out again, keeping Sherlock over the edge, but more adequately this time, bliss and an almost unconsciousness taking him away for what felt like the most wonderful idea of eternity, vaguely noticing the beautifully reassuring weight resting on his body.
