Logan shrugged and turned away from the bar enough to look at his companions. "Far as I can remember." He hadn't really thought about it much. He sure as hell didn't give a damn what other people did, or even have a thought about freaking out if a guy were to hit on him. As to whether he'd accept... //Right guy? Guess it could be.// He noted a very young, very flamboyant-looking man at one of the distant tables. "Guess I just never thought much o' havin' a guy around as interested in shoes and People magazine as Marie 'n' Ororo were," he said, making it clear he wasn't interested in the bystander by turning more toward Steve. "I mean, if I'm gonna date a guy, I want all the perks, too."
Clint looked at Coulson, wondering what sort of backup he'd be if his hands were bound, but didn't argue. Things were too surreal. Talking might make it worse.
Reluctantly, Clint drew away. He dragged Alan into a rough kiss, deftly freeing the man's cock of his pants and underwear before growling. "Fuck his mouth, then."
Steve smirked. "Luckily for you, I like both kinds." Mostly he found that he just liked spending time with Tony. "I really am gonna take you out, though. Proper date night. Just as soon as the world's not ending. Maybe we can even take a few days off, go to the beach or something..." The idea of Tony all to himself, just the two of them off in some tropical locale, was fantastic. "Every now and then, I'd like the chance to not share you with anything or anybody."
Bucky pursed his lips, a pensive expression shadowing his features. “No,” he answered after a lengthy beat. “You’re right; I’m never going to get better if I don’t face this.” Looking just as lost as he felt, Bucky reached out for Steve’s hand. He found the other man’s strong grip solid and reassuring. “But I don’t want to face it alone,” he said softly. “Can I count on you to be there for me? Please, Steve?”
It took every ounce of Phil's self control not to throw himself between them. The fact was that they needed Loki's help, and even if it made him sick to allow the god to lay hands on Clint, it was for the best. He hoped.
Darien grunted in reply and thrust forward into Clint's grip. It was a touch uncomfortable without lube, but not nearly enough to make him want to stop. A little chafing was worth it for a good orgasm. "I could probably be persuaded," the man agreed despite his voice already being rough from letting the man fuck his throat with such abandon the first time. In fact, Darien knew he would gladly get Clint off pretty much anytime the man was game, but there was no point in sounding like a slut even if he kind of was one when it came to the archer.
"More or less, yes." Natasha's lips quirked up at the comparison. "Except fewer people usually die in those stories."
Phil couldn't help but smile at the admission despite the fact that it was sad at its heart. He curled the hand not wrapped around his tea firmly around Clint's. "My standards are extremely high, actually, so don't worry about that. You're right: what we do doesn't make relationships easy. It makes them hard and stressful, and they're frankly hard and stressful enough as it is." He snorted. "My last relationship ended because I died. It doesn't exactly make for a shining example of why this is a good idea. Ultimately I kind of don't mind if it's a good idea. I like you. Hopefully you like me. That's enough for a start."
They rolled up in front of some outdoorsy-looking place that didn't appear to be full of barely post-pubescent kids, and Logan nodded his approval. "I'm more used to Goodwill, but this'll work," he decided, making a beeline for some button-down shirts. It took some work to find things appropriate for his height that he could actually get an arm through, but he finally managed to get an assortment of shirts. Most of them were in muted plaid colors, but Logan hadn't exactly picked them because they were pretty. He managed to locate some decent undershirts and a  couple pairs of jeans as well. He started for the checkout counter, then held them up for Steve to look over. "As someone slightly less fashion-challenged than me, whaddaya think?"
Victor took a moment to appraise Loki's half-bared form. He had none of the bulk one would have predicted on a god, but his lithe, toned body bespoke a different sort of power. He looked ethereally perfect, his pale skin contrasted against the dark cloth of his pants. Deciding it was fair to level the playing field, Victor quickly unfastened his shirt buttons and tossed the garment aside. Fingers tipped with retracted metal claws hooked into Loki's waistband and drew the demi-god closer. His other meaty, powerful hand tangled in Loki's hair and jerked his head back, letting Victor nip at the exposed alabaster skin of Loki's throat. Victor wondered absently if Loki would bleed if he was bitten hard enough, or if he even felt pain in a traditional sense. //Haveta test that in a minute...//
Tony couldn't bite back the soft moan that escaped him as Steve pressed back against his hand, inadvertently creating friction against his cock. "Good," he murmured, admiring his lover's body, taut as a bowstring as he strained for more. Tony slipped another finger into Steve, working him open. Each thrust of his digits pushed them a little deeper, and Tony smirked as he found Steve's prostate. He gave the sensitive spot a slow stroke, dark eye fixed closely on Steve's face.
"Clint, I think you'd better have a seat," he said, far less patiently than Jemma had, looking at the archer in a way that said he wouldn't mind letting the Other Guy explain why he should if it came down to it.
Steve lingered for a second more before he peeled himself away to fall into step with Clint and Coulson instead. He was blushing faintly but looked happy enough that - if he hadn't deserved every bit of happy he could get - might have seemed utterly inappropriate. As it was, Coulson found himself smiling in response to the buzzing undercurrent of warmth. It was like getting a contact high. At the last checkpoint, Clint got his wrists released at last, and Coulson politely thanked the agent who freed him for the help even though he was still pissed as hell that Clint had been subjected to the treatment to start with. That was his own business. No one else needed to know how many ways he'd pictured torturing Loki in his head over the course of the morning. It was a personal issue. "So... things are good with Tony?" he ventured, uncertain whether it was appropriate to bring it up but unable to resist given that it was the elephant in the room.
Logan raised an eyebrow that implied a whole boatload of "don't fuck with me" but only smirked a little. For all the shit that had gone down, he liked Clint. If Scott could be relaxed about the situation, he could be too. Probably.
"Shhh... someone's petting me, and you're killing the magic," Tony murmured, dark eyes almost completely closed as he enjoyed the touch. He loved having his hair played with in ways that he was hard-put to articulate, and he would have been pretty damn happy to stay there until Steve got tired of it. After a moment, Tony relented with a sigh, opening his eyes and leaning in for a quick kiss. "And, yeah... gotta get back to work. He kissed Steve one more time before he slid out of the bed reluctantly. He went through his morning routine - throwing in a shower for good measure - then slouched back into the bedroom in a t-shirt, sneakers, and jeans. He held out a hand and gave Steve a smile. "Kiss goodbye?"
"Yeah," Clint agreed, pushing the hood back and scowling at the lights in the hallway. "He's a pretty nice package," he said, running a hand through his mussed hair in an ineffective attempt to smooth it. He managed a valiant smirk. "Still needs to work on his ability to stand up to your unexpected appearances at awkward moments, though. Lotta blushing."
Clint started to refuse, then thought better of it. He felt like he'd just come back from ten missions rolled into one, and something to soothe his rattled nerves sounded like a good idea. Phil was doing a damned good job of it, but Clint felt he could use a boost. “Yeah, probably a good idea.”
"The interns are just reading files, right?" Tony asked, jerking his thumb towards Fitz-Simmons.
Halfway through his second beer, Coulson rose and held out a hand. "Ready for a dance or two?" He couldn't resist smiling at Clint. "You can come too if you think you can keep up."
"It is. In case you haven't noticed, things are going very poorly at the moment." He'd been thinking of confronting Fury for months, and it finally seemed like the time had come to stop waiting. "Director, we're both grown ups. I don't believe in miracles or fairy tales, which is why I know I should be dead right now. It's why I know you're hiding something important. If there's any chance that whatever put me back in one piece could reactivate the serum, I think now would be a really good time to stop playing coy."
Clint smirked. "No *permanent* injuries... Means a few broken bones would be okay, right?" he asked with a broad grin. "'Cause those heal. Seriously, though. I can deal with the rumors and the assumptions. If you can." He still meant it, but he was relieved that Phil didn't want to keep their relationship under wraps. He liked the idea that he wouldn't have to watch every word he said or make up cover stories for their dates.
That was putting it very gently, Steve knew. Overhead, the room came to life. Saxons blared and red lights began flashing in warning. "Looks like we're not alone anymore."
Tony blinked, furrowing his brow. "I'm sorry? That last bit kind of sounded like English, but I didn't understand a word of it." He shrugged, thoughtfully chewing his food for a moment. "Maybe I should read up on my forties vernacular. But I'd definitely put off that research for extra dessert at home," he decided, looking dead serious. Catching the waiter's eye, he gestured the man over. "Something rich and decadent for dessert." He flicked a glance at Steve as he added, "Maybe... drizzled with chocolate."
Tony nodded, wondering if the Avengers would even give Loki the chance to explain. Clint certainly had a bone to pick with the god. Probably two or three times over by now. The billionaire wondered at himself again when he felt a little nervous at the idea that his friends might well just kill Loki outright. Maybe it was just seeing Loki's more vulnerable side, but Tony was definitely starting to feel somewhat sympathetic toward the Asgardian, even if he couldn't earnestly defend Loki's actions. "Just... be careful, and move slow. They're not gonna take any chances," he warned.
Victor laughed gleefully as the archer fought against him, taking the kicks and strikes with no real measure of discomfort. "Feisty. I'm in the mood for feisty," he said, pulling Clint toward him, flipping him onto his back, and kneeling across his stomach. "Have a good night?"
"Me, sure, I’ll be in one piece. I hope Asgard's as resilient," Bruce remarked with a quirk of a smile. He reached out and gave Jemma's shoulder a squeeze. "We'll definitely get that coffee. I'll take pictures. Maybe a selfie of me and Heimdall."
The tears were falling almost at once, and Steve slid his arms around Tony's waist and pulled him in tight. "I love you too. I never thought... I... don't you dare ever leave me again. I'm with Pepper on this one," he managed, voice thick with emotion. "I can't do it. I don't want to." Steve carded his fingers through Tony's hair, simply touching and soothing them both with the gesture. "I need you right here with me." He let himself flash back for a moment to the aching nights he'd spent without Tony next to him. "When Jarvis asked me to go down into the lab, I thought just... just going in there... I couldn't even..." He didn't know how to explain it, hoped that Tony understood without him being able to properly put it all into words. "I never want to do this without you again."
Loki opened his mouth to reply and then closed it, nodding curtly instead as he started down the hall. Sweat trickled down his back, and it frankly made him sick to have them all behind him. Every instinct screamed not to allow it, but it was the only way. He needed to get them to Stark, and he needed to do it sooner rather than later. Eventually even the Avengers might not be able to reign Barton in. When they reached his room, he knocked sharply and prayed that Stark would answer. "We have guests." It was the moment of truth, and he still half expected Stark to tell them to smash him into paste as soon as they had what they wanted. //I couldn't exactly blame him if he did.//
"It's alright," Bruce said, passing the barista his card before Jemma could beat him to it. "You'll just have to make it up by letting me pay." Once they'd settled in to wait for their drinks, Bruce raised an eyebrow at Jemma. "So, aside from being an incredible genius, how'd you end up with SHIELD?"
Clint nodded. Much as he wanted to beat Creed until the mutant begged for mercy, he wanted to be away from him more. He let the two continue down the hallway, leaning lightly against Phil as they turned back toward the elevators. With the battle over and the hammer reassuringly clipped to his belt, Clint was feeling a little more level. "Well, he can't hurt us now," he remarked, though he wasn't sure if he was trying to reassure Phil or himself more.
Natasha's eyes fluttered open, and she stared hard at the man. "Budapest," she whispered, swallowing hard before continuing, "tell me... tell me what happened." She needed to know that it was really Clint, and in the moment it made sense. Her head still aching, throat still dry, Nat needed to know that the man holding her hand was Clint and not some projection of him. "Something... please..." The words came out broken, whispers that sounded almost like sobs as her hand convulsively closed around his.
Coulson closed his eyes against the rush of memories. Fury had consented after much harassing to let him see the footage. He'd felt sick. He'd also felt more sure than ever that something more than miracle surgery had happened to him. Coulson realized he was still clutching Clint's hands, the grip almost desperate as his own fears were woken. He wanted to let go, to apologize, but he couldn't make his fingers uncurl. "I'm sorry." It was a stupid thing to say. He hadn't meant to get killed, and he hadn't meant to put himself in danger. It was just the only thing he could think to say.
Phil smiled back as though he hadn't seen Clint almost choke to death on a sip of coffee. "They do," he answered, nodding sagely. "Also boxers." He let that sink in for a moment, enjoying the way Clint turned a rather pretty shade of pink. Turnabout was fair play. "You'd be amazed by the things I have in my wardrobe, Barton. And my video library."
"We'll live," Phil promised as the other man pulled back. "And we'll do the dishes when we're done. It'll be a reminder that even the less fun parts of life go on." He managed to speak the words with a straight face but couldn't help smiling as he stole another kiss. "Go on. Let's get it done." He pulled on his suit jacket on the way out and let his own makeshift armor comfort him as they headed down the hallway.
"We did have sex in the bed. We just happened to have a third party with us, to make sure it stayed kinky," Logan countered, nipping at Scott's throat. "We'll haveta mix it up sometime, though. Maybe we can do it on the kitchen table. Or I could tie ya to the bed post." While he gave Scott a moment to think about that, he worked to raise a hickey on the man's throat, his hand sliding more surely into Scott's boxers to wrap around his cock.
"If we do, you have to promise to stop being so damned irresistible." Tony wore his best poker face. He found it difficult to maintain what with Steve's infectious smile making him feel like a giddy teenager. "You make it difficult to think about anything besides you." Tony cracked a grin, unable to suppress the desire for long. "I would like to think my magnetic presence and blinding good looks has kept you in a similar state."
Scott couldn't really agree. He wasn't sure he could have killed his own brother. He'd read the files, and he understood why Thor had shown mercy. Given the outcome, it had probably been the wrong decision on a million levels, but it was a decision he would have made in the same place. "Fury wants to touch base in a few hours, once Steve has a chance to... to rest. Want to go back to your room until then?"
Clint narrowed his eyes, stepping closer to Logan. His mind was sounding all kinds of alarms. "There's something wrong with you. Loki did something to you," he accused. "What'd Loki do to you?"
Logan hesitated a moment, then pushed another button. "Think I'll stay in my room. Your talking walls weird me out."
There was no mistaking the husky rasp of Clint's voice. It was the sexiest thing he'd heard in a long time, all the more so because it reminded him of Clint fresh from sleep. "You too. I think Nat was selling you short." He regretted at once bringing her up. He didn't want Clint thinking about Natasha when they were hip to hip and moving in a distinctly inappropriate manner together. Even if it was just a dance, he intended to enjoy it fully.
At the first sound of the buzzer, Coulson had groaned and pulled a pillow over his head. When he heard Clint's voice, however, he dragged himself up out of a happy, drugged sleep and stumbled over to the door. That he was wearing nothing but a pair of sleep pants didn't really occur to him. The part of Coulson's mind that was working wanted to be sure there wasn't an emergency first and foremost. He opened the door and stared for a moment. Once he felt relatively certain that Clint was alive and healthy, he stepped aside. "C'm'in," he mumbled, still blinking the sleep from his eyes. "Are you okay? Hurt?" He paused and tried to breathe through some of the fuzziness from the pain medication. "Should I make coffee?" Because if there was anything that actually required thought, he definitely needed coffee.
"NAT!" Darien forgotten, Clint practically dove to the woman's side. He ran a hand through her hair, then regained his senses enough to check for a pulse. It was there and going strong, but Natasha was obviously the worse for wear. Clint darted back to his bag and grabbed his comm. "This is Barton. I need a medic team in my suite," he barked shakily into the device as he lingered close to Nat. Kneeling by the bed, he slowly stroked her hair, so relieved that she was back he could barely think.
Steve was on his feet in a heartbeat, his cry of alarm swallowed in the swell of shrieks from the crowd. He looked around, trying to spot where the shot might have come from and felt his knees go weak at the sight of a face that shouldn't have been there at all. It was gone as soon as it came, and Steve shook his head before rushing forward, vaulting onto the stage as though it was nothing. A security guard made to stop him only to recognize who Steve was and step aside instead. Two other men were already fighting to clear the heavy chandelier, but Steve hefted it away in seconds.
"Is it my birthday already?" The banter was interrupted by a door opening at the back of the room. Natasha straightened as Loki stepped in.
Tensing at once, Scott guessed, "About Logan?"
Tony got the hint, quickly delivering the notepad into Steve's hands slender hands. It felt surreal, seeing the man look so delicate, so sickly. Tony wondered how much of that was the effects of the gun and how much was just the way Steve had been before the serum. The thought just made Tony more determined. He knew it'd be a knock-down, drag-out fight to get Banner on board with going back to trying to replicate the serum. Maybe literally. //Might have to put on the suit,// he reflected with a wry grin to himself. Maybe they wouldn't need to replicate it, though. Maybe they just needed to reactivate -  Tony stopped himself, realizing he was going into science mode when Steve was right there and needed him, and there might be angry orderlies coming in any moment to make Tony give Steve time to rest.
"Sirs, I'm afraid that - "
Steve hesitated, but Tony obviously wanted him to go first. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes and instead confessed, "I have. It was... different then. Had to keep things quiet. But I have." Instinct told him to look around the room and make sure no one had overheard, but the naked truth was that no one in the room would care. Suspecting it was too intimate a thought but wanting to clarify just the same, Steve ventured, "When I'm attracted to someone, I'm attracted to them. Gender just... doesn't really matter."
He barely realized when Jarvis shut the feed off because he was too busy sobbing into his folded arms, heedless of how uncomfortable it was resting his head on the cold metal. When he finally came around to the world outside his own head again, he heard Jarvis saying, "Keep trying, Sir. If Mr. Stark could learn, anyone can."
Accustomed to leading questions like these, Tony looked relatively calm, but he had no doubt that Steve was getting wound up tight. He very deliberately put an arm around the taller man's waist and squeezed gently. He felt sorry for Steve, and felt a bit of regret about the whole thing to begin with. Tony had known quite well that people would likely be snapping photos and getting video of them; the thought probably hadn't even crossed Steve's mind.
"Mostly. Usually. About eighty percent of the time," Tony replied, tugging his sleeves back into place. "Bio-adaptive nanomachines. You'll like it."
Scott's breath left him in a sharp sound that was almost a sob. He was sure that Logan was going to push him away any second, and he let himself hold fast for every beat he had left. "Yeah," he answered, finally drawing back so that he sat on the bed next to the man. He wanted to touch, to hold, to assure Logan that it hadn't meant anything, that he hadn't even really known what the hell he was doing until it was too late. "I didn't... I didn't mean..." The tears came even as he tried to hold them back. "I didn't know, and he didn't... he had no way to... it wasn't until after... that's when I asked him to take me in. I knew I couldn't trust myself, and god, if I could... I'm so sorry."
Loki fell happily into the kiss, his tongue dragging along Tony's lips and then delving inside. He was sure it was nothing like what Rogers did, but Stark didn't much seem to care anymore. He went for passion instead, pleasuring Tony as best he could so that he could enjoy the same pleasure in turn. Even beneath his confident facade of taking what he wanted, Loki knew that beneath it is something a bit less sure. He felt the need to take what he could of the feelings that didn’t belong to him, and squashed it as best he could by driving harder into Tony's body.
"I never overestimate anything," Clint countered. "If the situation had gotten out of control, Bucky Barnes would have found an arrow in his chest." He made it clear he was not playing around where Phil's safety was concerned. Clint glanced over his shoulder, giving the infirmary doors an uneasy look. "I wish they could find someone else to babysit."
“Like me,” Bucky answered with obvious relief. He looked to Bruce and gave the man a nod of approval. “The doc here’s pretty good.” He lifted one of his arms to show the IV attached. “He’s flushing me out. Actually, flushing them out.”
"D'you think he's right?" Nat licked a line up Scott's dripping cock. "I'll stop whenever you boys say it's time."
"Yes," Natasha agreed. She'd already checked with Jarvis to find out where they were - Coulson's suite, naturally. She needed to see them both, to see real, honest evidence that they were back and whole. The fact that they hadn't come out on their own made her edgy. Whatever had happened, it had been more than just captivity. Natasha had seen both men bounce back in less than an hour from that. She swallowed the uneasy feeling in the pit of her stomach and walked silently next to Thor to the elevator. No motion betrayed her feelings, though someone who knew the woman well might have spotted the faintest hint of tension around her mouth. She knocked heavily on Coulson's door as soon as they reached it.
"Gotta give him credit. For a nerdy freak accident, he's got a lot of guts." Tony leaned in to press a quick kiss to Steve's lips. As he drew back, the suit closed over his face, replacing Tony Stark with the visage of Iron Man. "Let's have some fun, huh?" Without waiting for a reply, Tony did a swan dive from the back of the plane. "Jarvis, thrusters?"
Tony propped his head up on one arm so he could look at Steve more easily. "I like how you think." He paused, brow furrowed. "Wait, does this mean we have to give Fury and Coulson a detailed report? I don't think they'd like that. ...or they'd like it too much. Not sure which." He thought for a moment. "Wonder how long they'd buy that I need 'bed rest'."
"Italian it is," Coulson agreed. He began gathering things from the cabinet with his usual efficiency. The whole kitchen was organized like something out of a show room with everything properly labeled and stored. "I've never been able to understand living on your own and not being able to cook." The words were conversational rather than judgmental as Coulson went through the task of preparing a sauce on one burner and boiling water on another with practiced ease. "You're welcome to come by sometimes, you know, get some actual food."
Steve moaned his lover's name and lost all real sense of rhythm. With his legs trembling, Steve found himself relying on Tony to set the pace for them both. That was just fine, as it turned out, since Tony definitely knew what he was doing. "Tony, I'm... I..." Cock trapped between their bodies, Steve came so hard and so fast the he didn't even finish the warning before he was shaking and gasping.
Logan crossed his arms over his chest. "I'm used to people not trustin' me. But gettin' treated like a rabid dog that might need to be put down any day ain't my cup o' tea." He snorted. "Not that they'd stand a chance. Don't mean it don't piss me off, though." Coulson wouldn't have lasted half a second. Clint might have been a handful. But still dead in the end. "Thinkin' they might've thought about hurtin' you pisses me off even more."
Fury pushed himself out of his chair. "Go get suited up. Time for a day at the zoo. Be ready for a shitstorm, but don't start anything. Coulson, give them the coordinates."
Logan waved the apology away. "Not sure I'd've wanted to go if you'd asked," he said. He hadn't exactly left on good terms. There'd definitely been a few 'you can't run from your past' lectures. A few pitiful looks from Rogue and Jean. A very pointedly angry look from Storm. That painfully disappointed stare from the Professor. "Yeah, not sure I'd be gettin' hugs and tears o' joy from everyone. But I'm glad you talked to 'em. And that they're doin' alright. Thanks."
"Not yours, and you aren't taking it."
Looking equally worried, Steve explained, "Clint used it when we found Loki at a SHIELD base. We knew he was looking for it, but we didn't know much about it. At the time... well, at the time, we didn't have a lot of other options. Kind of like now." He felt his stomach twist at the thought. They'd lost Tony because they'd had to move fast, plunge ahead without enough information or time, and now they could very well lose Clint too in just as horrifying a fashion. "Is there a way to break the connection once it's made?"
Clint winced at the options, then smirked. "You might look kinda cute in pink," he decided, pushing an appropriate size into the other man's hands. He grabbed one in camo for himself and popped the tag off before pulling it on. It was snug, but at least it made him a little more decent, cruddy as he felt. Much more concerned with sustenance, he was quickly uncapping a big bottle of Gatorade and guzzling several ounces before shoving it into Phil's hands. He tore into a package of potato chips next, stuffing a handful into his mouth and offering some to his handler.
Steve hadn’t known until that moment that a computer could sound so pissy. He rubbed his forehead with one hand. “This is not gonna be pretty.”
Natasha snorted at that and gave a slight shake of her head. "Oh, Phil, if you're looking for practical, you have made some truly terrible life choices. What happened to you being the sane one?"
Action, rescues, some hurt/comfort, and then some flirting.
Tony arched an eyebrow, pleasantly surprised by Steve's show of faith. They were definitely making a lot of headway toward becoming solid teammates. Although he greatly enjoyed their abrasive, teasing relationship, Tony realized that the antagonism had to end. "Alright then, a movie it is," he agreed, tossing a sly wink in Steve's direction. "There's quite a nice selection to choose from, but I think I have something right up your street." The screen came to life and Tony settled back as a digitally remastered copy of a vintage Laurel and Hardy film began to play. "You up for some popcorn?" he asked, giving Steve a gentle nudge.
Coulson sighed. Leave it to Clint to undo half the goodwill they'd engendered in the space of a few seconds. "It's not an unfair statement," he allowed, "but that doesn't change the fact that right now we're representing a lot more than just the government. We're representing a hope for humanity - all of humanity - to get Loki off of our collective backs. Logan got back safe. We found Scott. We're doing everything we can to show you that we're on your side, Professor."
"Listen to the doctor, Legolas," Mystique snapped. She'd agreed to help Loki because Magneto had, but she'd never pledged her life to the man's cause and had no intention of doing so.
“I feel like that myself,” Bucky agreed. “Half the time it’s like I’m wandering around in a daze.” He shrugged his shoulders, at a loss. “It’d probably be a hell of a lot more fun if we were both working off a buzz. Y’know, if we’d been lit up with drugs and all those stories we’ve been handed were a result of that.” Bucky laughed softly, “Ignore me. Talking nonsense helps me make sense of things… if that makes any sense, that is.”
It didn't take long for the hard thrusts slamming against her g-spot coupled with Clint's pelvis grinding against her clit to get Nat the rest of the way there. She'd been on her way from the moment he slid home. Natasha played her second climax for all that it was worth. Good as it felt, she wanted Clint to know precisely how well he'd done and screamed her pleasure loud enough to assure that anyone with a room close enough would get an earful.
"Tash, no maiming other agents," Clint said with a smirk. He arched an eyebrow at her. "I can tell what you're thinking, and it's not okay, because if you start beating people up, I'll have to throw in, too, and then Fury's gonna throw us both back in the cell block." It was one thing to imagine the word getting out to the main team. If everyone else knew, Clint was going to find out who in medical had blabbed and roll them up.
"I can help with that," Steve offered, immediately playful as he slid his hand into Tony's. He felt foolish and juvenile doing it, but the feeling was washed away when he realized how good it was being so easily close to the man. "I like the idea of a real date. I'm sure SHIELD would approve. Image rehab." Steve rolled his eyes to make clear his feeling on that aspect of it, but the idea of going out proudly with Tony on his arm definitely appealed to him. "If the world's going to know we're together, I'd like to know that means more to me than just drunk dancing."
Fury nodded in return and let his posture and expression soften somewhat. He looked to Clint not with accusation but with curiosity. "You visited Agent Romanov?"
"I take absolutely no pleasure from people's suffering," Tony said with an expression that made it perfectly unclear as to whether he was serious. "But the waiter's definitely going to get a good tip. Twenty-five percent, maybe more. So you shouldn't call me a bad influence; I'm generous," he declared, taking a sip of wine and a bite of food. "But he probably does deserve it." He gave Steve his trademark grin, the one that had gotten him out of trouble on many, many occasions and into trouble almost as often. "Dessert?"
"Better me than Coulson," Logan pointed out, climbing into the bed. When Scott looked confused, Logan rolled up on his side to look at the man and shrugged one shoulder. "Dunno. The guy just seems like the sort who'd stand over your bed and watch you sleep. Especially if your name is Steve Rogers." With a sigh, he rolled back onto his back and tried to relax, a difficult task considering he just wanted to grab Scott, pull him close, and slowly fuck his brains out.
The doctor held the door open for the pair of them. "We're monitoring his vitals. If anything changes, myself or a nurse will be here."
Clint settled in the bed next to her, propping his elbow on the pillow to look at her, his hand running down her arm. "I know," he admitted. He kissed her forehead. "Thank you." He felt suddenly guilty. He hadn't demanded it, but he still felt like he'd somehow asked far more of her than was fair. "I..." He bit the words back. Don't be stupid. He knew she wouldn't or maybe even couldn't reciprocate, and it was unfair of him to put her in the spot. He grabbed her hand and kissed it, then held his arm out for her to cuddle closer. "C'mere."
Steve silently resolved not to let Tony get hurt no matter what happened or how stupid he got as the blood flowed south. He was less worried about himself. In fact Steve found it absolutely exhilarating to think that he could give as good as he got with Logan and not worry that the man might get hurt. Despite being slightly less unbreakable himself, Steve knew he could take whatever Logan gave him. He drew back, breathless with the possibilities laid out before him. "Don't even know what I want to do first," he confessed. It was hard enough to choose with one partner after so long, but with two gorgeous men surrounding him, Steve was entirely at a loss.
Clint was amazed that he didn't lose it right then and there. Nat was hot as hell in any situation. When she started talking dirty, Clint was always amazed that he managed to avoid completely losing his mind or his stamina. As a drop of sweat rolled down his nose, he braced his hands against the mattress and began hammering hard into the woman. "Nat," he panted, relishing the woman's slick heat as she squeezed him perfectly. He'd all but forgotten their audience, lost in the feel of the woman pressed against him.
//Okay, so at least he knows it's weird,// Logan reflected as Scott compared Nat to Jean in the most uncomfortable way possible. He wondered momentarily if that meant his chances were any better, then remembered that he'd decided Scott was off limits. "Fair 'nuff," he allowed, leaning against the counter and sipping at his beer. "You figured out what you're gonna do different yet?"
It hurt, it did, but not enough for Steve to want Logan to stop or even slow down. He caught his breath in uneasy pants instead and clutched at Logan's shoulders. "Little lube might be nice," he observed, knowing that enhanced healing or not he'd regret it soon enough if there wasn't something to ease the way. Logan was even less talkative than seemed to be his norm, but Steve didn't mind. What they were doing required more action than words. It had taken all of a few seconds for Logan to established who was topping. Steve had no protest with that either. It had been a long time since he had a strong man willing to take charge with him. It was one thing being all but a walking sign that screamed "SUB!" when he was younger, but Captain America was apparently always supposed to top, and Steve preferred a bit more variety on his sexual menu.
Loki considered that and finally sighed, walking toward the mirror and forcing himself to look head on at his reflection there. "I haven't felt that since I was a child. Since I seem to be in the habit of being rather blunt with you today," Loki continued, "I don't think I've ever felt that last bit. Love is an elusive thing." In his younger years, he had loved his father, his mother, even his brother only to realize they weren't his. The older Thor got, the less they came together, the less often they spoke, the less Thor confided in him. Loki had withdrawn in kind. Thor's friends loathed him before they ever had reason to, mocked him both behind his back and to his face. "Make yourself comfortable... and don't bother with escape attempts. I think you know better."
Phil followed at a safe distance, sometimes pausing to urge the man back into the right track. "Almost there," he informed Clint. The archer didn't seem likely to recognize his own room in his current state. "Stumble to your right. No, the other door."
"Thor, would you and Sif mind grabbing Magneto? I don't think Logan should be alone with him. As long as Magneto is conscious, I don't like the odds on him getting his skeleton ripped out." Natasha waited until Thor consented before she turned to Logan. "You're with me getting Bruce to calm down." Oddly she had a feeling Logan's abrasive manner might help. He was a little like Tony in some ways, and Tony had always brought out the gentler side even of the Hulk. It was an odd miracle she was more than willing to capitalize on. "We'll meet you at the shiny bridge with our rainbow shoes on."
"Doesn't work if you warn me, first."
Bruce smirked as he poked at his tablet. Tony never could resist a chance to show off.
"Hey, I offered to wait outside in a tree," Clint pointed out as he hooked up his seatbelt. "You're the one that decided I should actually talk to people. Besides. Had my brain melted once. Starting feel like I can deal with it."
Bruce frowned. "Logan can-"
"Didn't we already establish that?" Tony quipped, then immediately felt a bit like a jerk for making light of it. Steve was obviously trying to reassure himself of that fact. Tony reached up to touch the man's cheek, since it was the only skin he could get at for the moment. "Yeah, I'm alive. I'm not an illusion, and you're not seeing things, even though I know technically me saying it doesn't really prove anything." Something else occurred to him that might help, and his fingers dipped down to a particular spot on Steve's neck. "There." He winked at Steve. "Not in any files. That's the spot that makes you squirm."
"You are a little off," Clint agreed casually.
"We'll sort it out," Logan said, maneuvering closer once more. He leered at Steve unabashedly, hooking a finger in the man's belt loop as a decidedly abnormal glint of blue flickered across his eyes. "It was fun, y'know? Knowin' I couldn't hurt you. Just doin' what came instinctively..."
Clint quirked an impish smile at Darien before pressing another possessive kiss to his lips. "I can help with that," he purred, looking oddly pleased. It was tempting to shove Darien against the wall and fuck him stupid all over again, but he had plans for the evening. "Let's get cleaned up. We're going out."
"That would be nice if you don't mind," Steve answered before he could think better of it. Being close could be awkward. Then again, why move into the man's house if they weren't going to spend time together? Steve took a sip of his coffee and considered the strange shift as he started in on one of the other croissants. "I'll go get my stuff when we're done eating. There's not much." He hadn't had any real desire to acquire much despite Fury giving him a charge card and explaining carefully how to use it. He'd purchased clothes and gotten a few other essentials, but Steve was used to not having a lot, and he hadn't felt the need to change that. "Then maybe you could help me out with the computer? Director Fury got me a laptop and... it's... different." He frankly had no idea what to do with the thing despite everyone insisting he could do everything from play solitaire to read up on the news with it.
The mutant laughed, barely seeming to register that the lithe, powerful form underneath him was doing it's best to unseat him. "This is fucking touching. Do you two rehearse this shit?" He gave Clint a light shake. "I'm just deciding who I use first. Not which one of you gets used."
"Not a suit," Bruce pointed out.
Steeling himself, Logan reached down and grabbed a handful of Scott's hair. //Please have the fucking sense to keep your mouth shut//, he prayed, though half of him was hoping to be "forced" into a fight. He tipped the man's head up and had to struggle to keep his expression clinical. It was unsettling to see Scott's eyes in the first place, and even more unsettling to see the hopelessness in them.
Clint hadn't thought of that. It actually sounded kind of appealing to think that people might see Phil in Hawkeye boxer shorts and make all the right assumptions. "I think I like that idea," he said with a smirk. He was pretty sure that his handler would kill him if he left hickeys on his neck. The boxers might be the next best thing. Of course, Clint was already plotting his way to leaving a few marks that might at least show up in the locker room. Realizing that blood was starting to flow south and that he was probably starting to get a little flushed, the archer focused on taking another sip of his coffee. "You might make Cap jealous, though," he added, his voice a little rougher than intended. Hell with it. If Phil liked the idea of Clint getting turned on over him, Clint was damn well going to run with it.
"Not sure I could last that long," Tony panted, "but I appreciate the optimism." He leaned up to nip at Steve's throat, then pressed his lips to stubbled skin. His fingers trailed between Steve's ass cheeks, one digit dipping a little deeper, brushing against Steve's tight pucker. Tony desperately wanted much, much more, but he knew better than to think that his stitches would hold up. The nurse, after a lot of pestering, had informed him he'd need at least a couple more days.
"Because I'm an animal and I was raised by wolves," Clint replied, giving Phil a smirk. He let the first batch of bacon crisp up as requested, then made some slightly soggier for himself as he started the eggs in a separate pan. Once he had a good pile of both, he shoved the food and a pair of cups and plates onto the bar and settled next to Phil with silverware and napkins. He let his leg press against the other man's from hip hinge to knee as he loaded his plate up and poured himself some coffee. He took a bite, then smiled fondly at his handler. "I like this," he decided, his eyes drifting back to his food as he blushed a little at the simple confession. "Feels good."
Logan quirked an amused eyebrow momentarily as Scott stopped at the wall. He wasn't about to complain, though, as Scott halfway mounted him and moaned in a way that made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. He tangled his hand in Scott's hair and crushed their lips together, his other hand sliding up under Scott's shirt and roaming hungrily over the man's torso. "Not the bed. Close enough," he murmured, voice thick with arousal.
Phil would have been lying if he said he wasn't relieved, but he wasn't willing to drop the subject entirely either. "Thank you. I'd like that, but I'm also old enough to know that things aren't always perfect. This is one of those things where... Being with you means a lot more to me than worrying about that. I just want you to know that if the way you feel on that count changes, I'm not going anywhere." Once he was sure that Clint understood, he drew the man into a gentle kiss. "I just wanted you to know. Now, I think you promised breakfast?"
"If it's any consolation, I am sorry," Loki chimed in, looking more uncertain than anything at saying the words.
Tony seemed indifferent, stuffing his hands into his pockets as the elevator continued to move. "What about you?" he asked his remaining companion.
Bruce sighed, obviously out of patience as far as correcting Tony's lack of... everything. He was toying with biochemistry models, running simulations. "Tony..."
"Oh, I know a *great* place. Meet me on the corner of Fifth and Elm. I'll be there in ten." The phone beeped an end to its connection without so much as a goodbye from Tony or an attempt to get confirmation from Steve.
It was very, very true. It was also half the reason the closet scenario had been so difficult. Not only had Clint been pressed up against him, but the fabric did absolutely nothing to hide the hard lines of his body. "You have a point there. Maybe the spandex isn't necessary. I think maybe as a next step just seeing you naked would be better. Even after last night, we've both only really gotten a preview." That was almost good. They knew they could get each other off, which relieved some potential sexual pressure, but there was still something left to look forward to. They hadn't blown every last detail on one drunken hookup. The first time they were really together would still be new. "Luckily I'm pretty sure you're well worth waiting for."
The question was pointed, valid, and something Scott had no idea how to answer. His buzz was edging into full inebriation. "Well, I sort of already joined a team of superheroes, so I can't do that differently." Scott considered his options and finally looked levelly at Logan - at least as much as someone who was finding focusing on one spot steadily could - and asked, "Know any guys who are looking to have some fun?"
It didn't take long for a response, and Scott was half surprised. That could be good or bad. If Steve was dead, people would be scrambling. If he was just badly hurt, they might be waiting. Neither option sounded like a happy one. "What's he say?"
Though he had taken the SHIELD agents who greeted them up on their offer of new clothes, in the end Scott had changed into a comfy pair of pants and kept Logan's t-shirt on. It felt more comfortable somehow. "Finished," he informed Logan when he emerged into the sitting room of what he presumed was Logan's personal suite. The whole place was pretty posh. From what Scott could tell, everybody had their own living area for the most part with a communal floor for meals and meetings. It didn't seem like Logan's kind of place at all, and yet he read a sort of comfort in the man that he'd never seen at the mansion. //Comfort isn't always about the place.// "Like I said, just let me know if they're not clear on anything, but I think I got it all."
Clint smiled faintly at the kiss, stealing one in return. "Think I might be now," he decided, then wriggled a little closer to Phil before stealing another kiss from the man's lips. "But you're staying behind me this time. I'm not letting any psychotic weirdos take you. Or me. I'm gonna have the hammer, which means I can keep us both safe." He felt strangely confident in the statement, and he wondered if it was his own belief or the alien artifact's influence.
Bruce couldn't quite stifle the giddy laugh - near-giggle - that escaped him at the kiss, and he did a respectable job of turning red right along with Jemma. He sighed, sobering at the reminder of what was ahead of them. Pausing in their walk, he took both of Jemma's hands and smiled at her warmly. "This was definitely time well spent. I should thank you right back," he said, meeting her gaze evenly. He brushed his thumbs over her knuckles. "You've definitely made a rough day a lot better. Thank you." Without waiting for an answer, he leaned in and gently pressed his lips to hers, drawing back after a moment with a smile.
Natasha hadn't been flattering Scott for nothing. He knew exactly what he was doing, and soon her breathy moans turned into a sharp cry of pleasure as her hips jerked against Logan's hand and Scott's tongue. Instead of stopping, Scott worked her through the release and licked at the juices dripping down her thighs. "If you ever get tired of him," she ground herself back against Logan, "call me."
Steve let the words sink in, let them push past the momentary terror at the idea that maybe he wasn't really what Tony needed, that they could never be alike enough for it to work. He chose consciously to believe Tony's words and the warmth of his arms instead. "I love you too. I love you so much, Tony." He breathed in the scent of the man and then shifted so that he could kiss Tony's lips, slow and soft, tasting and enjoying the light contact. After a moment, he snorted and pressed his face against Tony's neck. "Movie night is going to suck."
"You should go with him." Seeing the protest already rising in Steve's expression, Pepper shook her head. "I need to be here cleaning up this mess and shooing off the press. Fury will be calling any second. Go with him. If he's going to be safe with anyone... Take care of him."
Clint tossed his head a little at that. "I'll be fine, Coulson," he insisted, crossing his arms over his chest like a kid getting scolded. He didn't argue directly, though. He shrugged a little. "I talk to my partners. They're mostly military. They have to get tested just like we do." Granted, that didn't mean that someone wouldn't lie to him, but... "I'll be fine," he repeated again.
At first Scott let his nerves get the best of him. Logan was huge, and even going slow it was hard. Just when the pain almost got the best of him, Scott saw the look on Logan's face and heard the catch in his voice, and he gave in. The moment Scott's body relaxed, he felt Logan ease in deeper and groaned, pain suddenly the farthest thing from his mind. "Oh fuck." He read the flicker of unease on Logan's face and shook his head. "Good. It's good. Don't stop."
Scott didn't stop for a moment. He wanted to drink every last drop and see the look on Logan's face while he did it. Reaching down, he couldn't resist giving himself a few careful strokes through his boxers. The friction built rather than relieved the tension, and Scott moaned around his lover's cock.
"Of course," Coulson agreed readily. He took the cuffs and put them on himself. He hated that they had to use them at all, but at the very least he wanted to be in charge of the situation. Smiling sadly at Clint, he checked to make sure the cuffs weren't too tight before leading the archer to the cell block.
Clint settled on the couch, still rubbing his face with both hands as he thought the question over. "I... uhm... couple... three... nights ago?" he guessed, sighing when Coulson gave him a look. "In my defense, I had a night mission, then I had to have sex with the result, and then I had completely planned on sleeping today - or yesterday, if we've crossed the midnight line - but then Loki happened."
Tony flashed Steve a winning smile. He mentally gave himself a scoring point as he gestured toward the exit. "My car's parked right outside," he said, leading the way through the crowd. Tony smiled and nodded at faces who recognized him all the while anxious to leave the building. Outside the air was crisp and cool, making a refreshing change from the stuffy atmosphere within. The valet snapped to attention and wasted no time in driving Tony's car around. Giving the young man a generous tip from the Iron Man himself, Tony jumped into the driver's seat. "You coming, Cap?" he called to Steve.
Steve stared at Tony like he'd lost his mind. He was fairly certain that Tony must have lost his mind to even be considering that as a plan. "That's not... that is not the back up plan," he stated as clearly as possible, trying his damndest not to sound panicked even if he felt it. "Tony, I barely lived through using that thing, and even with modifications... you couldn't do it. Not and... You killing yourself for a potential shot at maybe taking out Loki isn't an option."
Bruce briefly considered adding that Tony was plan B, but refrained. That was between him and Steve to discuss. If Tony told him. But Tony wouldn't. Bruce sighed. //Sometimes there’s no upside to restraint.// "Tony's not going to tell you, but he's going to be the backup if Logan can't or won't use the gun," he said.
Steve rolled his eyes but gathered his meds into a bag and climbed out of bed and into the chair. He still felt shaky and strange, but Steve knew that might be how much weaker he felt overall. It was hard to get a bead on normal when his whole world and body felt so far from it. "Maybe the chair isn't a terrible idea," he allowed. The sooner he was back up in Tony's room, the better he knew he'd feel. "Let's get upstairs. Please?"
Clint smiled at the profoundly sweet way Phil put it. It was on the tip of his tongue to tease his handler a little for the old-fashioned wording, but he held back. Clint wasn't used to someone being so gentle with him, and he reminded himself that it was something he probably needed. Phil didn't want to just fuck him. He wanted to make love. He wanted to take his time and get to know Clint. That was the point of the whole date, after all. "I'd like that," he said, wondering just how many years it had been. Not just a few. Clint was working to remember if he'd even bottomed since he joined SHIELD. He couldn't remember it if he had. "Both ways." After all, sticking to one role could get a little boring. Clint's hand slid over Phil's chest as he pressed himself tight against his lover again. "And now you know my weakness, too. So much for the last of my secrets."
"Not in so many words, but yeah," Clint said, double-checking his weapons for want of something to do.
Bruce offered Nat a wry grin at her suggestion that he dress and nodded. "Yeah, think that'd be best." He glanced at Jemma and his smile turned more awkward as he pulled his shredded pants a little closer to himself. "I'll, uh... need to change, but... coffee in a bit?" He knew they'd be loading up for another mission soon - for which he reminded himself to pack something with more give in it - but he wanted to make sure he got that damn coffee before he went anywhere else.
"Glad you're back," he managed shakily. He held onto her for several more moments before finally drawing away enough to look at her. "I... God, I was so scared for you. If... if you need to talk..." He was shaking still. He wasn't sure if it was relief or adrenaline or both. His eyes were definitely getting blurry. He rested his forehead against hers as he gathered her hands in his. "I've been so scared we wouldn't get you back. I don't think I've ever been that scared."
"Good. It's best you understand the situation if nothing else." Nat turned on her heel and led the way out of the room without bothering to check whether the others would follow. They didn't have a whole lot of other choices.
"Right... yeah, it... would be," Steve agreed. He barely knew what he was saying. Only the thought that the reporters might not have left kept him from groaning as Tony's hand fell to exactly the right spot. His hips showed less restraint, and Steve thrust instinctively into the other man's grip. Sounding more certain, he agreed, "We shouldn't walk till we've worked this out." Steve watched with open appreciation as Tony worked his belt and fly open in no time flat. "You're really, really good at that. I'm not gonna think about why. Just gonna enjoy it."
More quietly, he informed Clint, "I'm going to sleep for a month when we get home. After showering for a few hours straight. After that." He shuddered faintly at the thought and then got himself locked down again.
"I appreciate that, Captain. I'm not interested in spending the week cleaning the latrines because Mr. Stark is bad with directions." She gave Tony a final warning glare and left them alone.
This one is long. Really long. Sorry about that. There's a touch of smut with Clint & Darien toward the start, but this is mostly plot. Not sorry about that part.
Scott's eyes fell closed as Logan gripped him. The idea of Logan tying him up and fucking him was a thousand times hotter than it should have been. Or maybe just as hot as it should have been. "Any of those. All of those. I don't remember the question actually, but that's okay. How about you kiss me instead?" Scott didn't wait for an answer, just threw himself into another kiss. Logan honest to god tasted good, and Scott wondered how someone who'd spent time clinically dead could somehow manage to have fresh breath. "More kissing," he mumbled against Logan's lips. "I need my brain to shut up."
"My son," Frigga broke in, her patience obviously thin, "will be most pleased to see me should you step aside." She glanced behind at the entourage and then back at the guards. "I have new companions to introduce him to and old friends with whom he should be reunited. I also have little patience for waiting."
The feeling of Steve's body pressed against his back and his lips against Logan’s neck combined with how close Tony was to him was almost enough to make Logan want to just start fucking right there in the garage. Steve had a point, though. There were probably security cameras everywhere in this building, and the last thing Logan wanted was to give long explanations to the guys in charge. "Yeah, got a point," he murmured, tilting his neck a little to give Steve easier access. Logan didn't really move, though, until Tony grabbed his jacket again and started towing him along.
Lust-dark eyes locked with blue as Logan clamped one hand onto Scott's hip with bruising force. He used the leverage to slam his cock balls-deep into Scott's tight ass, and Logan cursed and growled in pleasure as the heat seemed to envelop his very consciousness. He barely missed a beat as he started pounding into the other man, hooking his arm under one of Scott's knees and pushing the leg upward to let himself slide even deeper into his lover.
Clint knew he'd baited the other man into this, but the tickle in the back of his mind that told him that taking the invitation was stupid, unprofessional, and potentially dangerous was irritatingly persistent. Still, he'd already come up with a list of ideas of what he could do to Darien, and he felt as though he needed to check a few of the items off of it. Now. Clint didn't respond verbally, instead stepping through the door. His hand shot back and dragged Darien through with him, and he crushed the man against the wall, his hand catching Darien's jaw as he slammed their mouths together. He drew back, giving Darien a predator's stare. "Sure you're not in over your head?"
"Among other things," Clint affirmed with a faint grin. He glanced around the bar as he set his beer down. He slid his hand higher up Darien's leg and leaned in, letting his breath waft across the other man's neck. "Also kinda like taking my date into the back room, tying him up, and giving him a nice, slow fuck in the throat... maybe with an audience. Show everyone who you belong to," he purred, his hand sliding to the back of Darien's neck.
Tony rolled his eyes impatiently. "Do we have to do the chair?" he grumbled around a mouthful of danish. When Steve gave him the 'no bullshit' look, Tony acquiesced. "Fine. But it better have racing stripes. Or at least a backup beeper. Think we can get one of those stunt chairs on short notice?" When he didn't get any form of agreement, Tony washed his food down with coffee. "Yeah. Yeah, I can work. If I have to stay in here for another day, I will lose my marbles. Marble. Just the one."
"Sir, I've survived aliens-" Clint was still leaning toward the door.
Scott was pretty sure that if he hadn't been used to hearing Xavier in his head, that would have made him jump out of his skin. Instead he answered with a sigh, "Thanks, Jarvis. We'll be there in ten."
"I could get behind that. Using you for a blanket. You're like a big, blonde teddy bear. That threatened to throw a sick guy out of his bed," Tony said, pressing a kiss to Steve's chest to show there were no hard feelings. He reached up and ruffled Steve's hair further. "You look good like this. All disheveled. Though, gotta say... my favorite look - aside from naked and fucking me - has to be you after working out."
“Bucky’s-”
Phil laughed but wasn't willing to play along with Clint's usual downplaying of his abilities. "I've seen you in the field, so I know it wasn't cheesy. It was probably beautiful." Natasha and Melinda May were probably the only two other people in the world he knew who even came into the realm of being competition when it came to skill and grace. Clint moved like he was floating. Coulson had been on the line while the man crawled through metal duct work without making a damn sound. "Besides, maybe I just wanted to see you in the spandex."
"No," Coulson answered, "it isn't. It also isn't wise for Clint to be holding that hammer. We're in what could be nicely described as the middle of a shitstorm right now." He rose. "Everyone who doesn't like being roadkill? OUT."
"It's okay. I do. I'll strike a pose, and you can run away." Tony looked over his newspaper. "Or just start eating. That's kinda hard to watch."
"Just saying, if I had any single friends..." Scott couldn't help but grin.
"And it's above my clearance level. I noticed that too."
"I wanted to check on you." She clicked on the light and Steve could see that Pepper's face was free of make-up, her own eyes red and swollen. She and Rhodey were probably the only other people on the planet who felt the grief as keenly as he did. "I still... it's..."
Steve's jaw clenched at the words, but he couldn't disagree. It felt personal. Someone using Bucky like this, hurting Tony, it felt very, very personal. "So what do we do?"
"Director Fury said that this might be necessary for him."
Though Fitz shrunk back from the idea of another confrontation with Stark, Simmons' drew herself up to full height - not very impressive given that Steve would have towered over her even after the gun took its toll - and assured him, "Mr. Stark, we are fully qualified to be here. While we may lack some of the experience that you and Dr. Banner share, we graduated top of-"
Scott almost choked on the beer. He sputtered and tried to smile, feeling uncertain and confused and more than slightly flattered. "Thanks." It was the most coherent thing he could think of, and Scott felt glowingly proud of himself for having managed that much grace given the situation and his level of inebriation. "I guess maybe I should hold off on picking somebody up until I don't wake up screaming or whatever. Not everybody's as understanding as you are." Scott realized the way that sounded a second later given their current topic of conversation. He almost corrected himself but didn't. If Logan could be comfortable calling him attractive, he wasn't going to stumble all over himself talking about the fact that they'd slept together - even if it had been very literal sleeping.
"Hey! Yeah, puny god. Got it." Logan carefully put himself between Nat and Hulk. Considering what he'd seen Banner do earlier, he was pretty sure he had a lot better odds if Big Green decided he needed a pat on the back. "But you're not comin' back with us like that. We gotta go get our buddies, alright?"
"Cheese. And ham. And bacon. And then bacon on the side," Clint decided. "I'd also be willing to see some onions and bell peppers in it, but really if you're cooking me food, I'll eat about anything." Clint loved good food with every fiber of his being, but he was also completely uninterested in cooking for himself and typically found himself in the field or too busy to get food out, so his typical fare was frozen food, yogurt, and supplement bars. So if someone was willing to cook him real food, he was willing to eat whatever was served to him. The archer followed Phil into the kitchen, moving to get the coffee started. "And I do seem to recall your complete and utter lack of humor now." It had taken Clint pranking Ward in the middle of an op to get Phil to laugh. And even then, his handler had dragged him into a side office on the pretense of yelling at him before simply laughing his ass off instead. Clint had been Phil's asset at that point for a solid six months - longer than anyone else had kept him - and he'd been stunned to find out he wasn't getting handed off to someone else. "But I guess you'd need to be utterly humorless to be my handler."
The pair shared a glance, and Simmons considered keeping silent. Bruce wouldn't be pleased, but she finally nodded. "We actually, er, we've talked about it a bit already." She winced at the look Bruce leveled at them when he overheard the chatter. "We aren't trying to work on a serum itself, Dr. Banner, just something to bring back what Captain Rogers has in his body while it's still there." She bit her lip and confessed, "We haven't found much, but we're looking. The second we find anything more than ideas, you'll both know," she assured Bruce and Tony.
"Think maybe we can spare a few minutes? I mean, just in case they don't?" Scott knew it was stupid to put off taking Logan to see Coulson, but he couldn't resist. If he let the man go without taking and enjoying whatever time they could, Scott suspected he would regret it. Scott dragged the man into a kiss before he could protest. He didn't want to hear a no. "Please?" Scott asked again when they parted, his fingers clutching Logan's hair with sudden desperation.
When Phil's eyes adjusted, he felt his heart sink. Natasha and Logan were missing along with the god they'd come to find. "Base, we have a problem. Loki's gone. Wolverine and Widow are presumably with him. Any eyes on the prize?"
Clint smirked, raising an eyebrow when May walked behind him. "You think your soul's in here anywhere?" he asked, rummaging through a collection of jars and grimacing at some of their contents. The woman reminded him uncomfortably of Natasha when they'd first met.
Clint had to shake himself. He was still remembering the outline he'd caught glimpses of when he'd met Phil in his PJs. Knowing he hadn't imagined things put a whole new spin on the knowledge. A distracting spin. Clearing his throat to make sure he didn't give that away - he was not going to date his handler - he nodded. "That actually sounds like a good idea. Maybe we could get some drinks tonight? Just to keep from going stir crazy?"
Tony nodded quietly. He hadn't thought of all that. He still remembered Steve's confession, "This still feels like a loaner some days." He was already turning over in his head all the reading he was going to be doing to bring himself up to speed on what was known about the serum. And how the hell he was going to talk Bruce into helping. "Wish I could help him more," he murmured.
Tony pushed himself up off the ground, trying to draw a deep breath. "Jarvis... are my organs all still where they're supposed to be?"
"That's the spirit!" Tony said, giving Logan a hearty slap on the back. He grinned when Logan gave him a death stare. "We can all have near-death experiences together. I, for one, never get enough."
The archer subsided and flicked a glance at Coulson, wondering if the Agent had reported him or if Fury had found out on his own. "Fine. But then what the hell do we do next? Rogers, Banner, and the two of us are about all we have left. Maybe some of the X-Men if any are willing to help and aren’t already tangled up in their own shit. I feel like continuing to wait is just going to lose more people. Loki's managed to decimate the team worse than last time."
"Yeah. Happens more than you'd think," Clint replied. He still sounded weak, shaken, but the try at humor made him feel a little better. He tugged at his uniform and realized that the man had, in fact, lost a lot more blood on him than he'd first thought. Clint hadn't been about to tell Steve as much, but Tony had been hurt pretty badly. //He'll be okay now, at least.// "Don't think I can sleep right now, though." By all rights, he should've been able to. He'd been up for two nights straight, following one mission with another. He sighed, feeling awkward with Coulson watching him so intently, the gentle, concerned look on his face that Clint knew all too well.
Scott was prevented from asking what the hell was going on by the agent in question starting, "It's surprisingly easy to explain what Loki is doing. He's creating chaos." Coulson passed a series of files out across the table. He nodded toward the one closest to Tony. "He released all the animals in a testing facility. An eco-terrorist group that doesn't technically exist is currently taking the blame, but the real problem," he watched as Stark flipped the folder open, "clearly shows otherwise." There have been major traffic accidents, minor weather events, one building collapse, and stranger still, no reported fatalities so far. “We don't know what he wants. If the events were more concentrated, we could say he's keeping the authorities busy - not that the authorities are likely to be a problem for someone of his abilities."
It took Phil a second to remember the man's name, and he cursed his brain for being so sluggish. //You still need to keep it together for a few more hours.// "More or less. We'll need a trip to medical when we get there, but it's not an emergency. Agent Ward, we'd appreciate a ride home."
It occurred to Tony distantly that it was an oddly affectionate compliment, but he was too focused on the present situation to really analyze it in-depth. The genius could multitask at a lot of things, but when it came to sex, he had an uncharacteristic degree of focus. Besides which, Tony could feel his climax nearing, and one hand reached down to wrap around his own cock as he watched Steve's face. The man's fair skin, flushed with arousal and exertion... his face fixed in an expression of arousal... his full lips parted with pleasure... Steve looked like the archetype for every Greek god that had ever been thought up. //And I get to play with him,// Tony reflected, smiling briefly only to have the expression wiped away as another wave of arousal surged through him. "Fuck..." he gasped, tensing.
Tony nodded. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm not going anywhere," he said, trying not to sound as defeated as he felt. He could feel Loki's eyes on him, and it made his skin crawl. Knowing he had to submit to Loki's every whim only to die for his efforts was something that he wanted to avoid thinking about at all costs. Finding every possible opportunity to be a smartass was keeping him sane. At least, it would as long as Loki didn't tell him he wasn't allowed to talk. His vision was clearing enough that he was starting to more clearly pick up on the discolored patches on Loki's skin. "You... do you have some kind of Asgardian rash? You kinda seem to be turning blue in places."
Scott's jaw tensed. Even drunk he'd caught the intention behind the words. "I'm not broken," he managed, not sure if he really believed it. He felt broken in a way, or at least cracked. Scott forced a smile that looked more tense than jovial. "I won't go picking any guys up in bars and getting kidnapped. Stupid idea. Nevermind." In retrospect he felt crazy for putting the idea forth to Logan of all people. He'd never talked about his attraction to men with anyone. It hadn't mattered, frankly. He'd been with Jean, and he wasn't looking for anyone else. Gender was entirely beside the point.  Scott took another long pull from the bottle. If he got drunk enough, maybe it would stop mattering that he'd probably just lost whatever small respect he'd apparently managed to earn from Logan at some point.
Tony tensed at the touch of the slender fingers and the feel of Loki shifting closer to him. Fear and fascination and uncertainty rattled around in Tony's head as he drew away, heart fluttering in his chest. He'd halfway hoped it would be a little more comfortable if he made the first move and took that little bit of control away from the god. Instead, he was starting to wonder if it had been a mistake. Loki had shown vulnerability moments before, some of which had made Tony drop his guard a bit, but the god was manipulative, good at pretending, and good at getting what he wanted. Tony wasn't sure if it was his own interest or if he was being played, and he wasn't sure he wanted to know. "What are you doing to me?" he asked softly, sounding almost as if he were simply wondering aloud.
Tony held up a hand and pointed at Steve. "Uh, we kind of already have a project-"
Steve felt immediately more at ease when he arrived at Coulson’s suite and saw that Clint was present as well. "I think Logan would like to talk to you."
Pretty much pure fluff. These two are sort of precious.
"Daaaad... do we have to?"
Steve rolled his eyes, but he appreciated the sentiment just the same. He'd gone out with the man to enjoy his company, not to create a media stir. The fewer cell phone pictures were snapped the better. "It's been quiet, but we both know it won't stay that way." The glare of celebrity was one thing, the glare of celebrity when combined with trying to make a shaky relationship work was terrifying. Steve reached out for Tony's free hand as the waiter set their drinks down. He tried to tune out the man's mute judgment and focus on Tony instead once they’d given their orders. "And the only way we're fooling around in the bathroom is if there's a really, really good lock on the door."
Tony jumped at the firm touch of Coulson’s hand on his shoulder. He felt numb, detached. It didn't feel real. Steve had looked gray and frail on the stretcher. Even before he’d made it into Logan’s cell. //Like he's already dead.// The thought made him panic. He started to jump out of his wheelchair, but a pair of hands - strong in spite of the cuffs - pinned him into it.
"Ohh, unresolved sexual tension. Well, understandable. I'm pretty magnetic," he decided, happily snuggling up to the other man. He winced as his stitches tugged, squirming to get close to Steve without pressuring the bandages or sutures. "Just... A little... Ok, ok... and good." He sighed. "Well, I thought you were an uptight ass. But... well, hard to resist that ass. And..." Tony looked away, feeling faintly nervous. "I guess, when I woke up after... after the whole vortex thing, the look on your face was... it stuck with me. I'm not sure how to... Weird, having someone care that much when they didn’t have to." New York had pretty well done in what was left of his relationship with Pepper. That had left Tony even more fixated on the way Steve had been looking at him when he'd been jolted awake.
At first Steve was sure that Tony would stop any minute. He'd get some lube, and he'd give in, and they'd both leave happy. Instead Tony seemed to have gotten it into his head to drive Steve completely out of his mind. He twitched against the sheets, his cock dripping. Finally Steve reached for Tony's hair and grabbed at it. "S-stop, I... please, Tony, I want you inside me, please." The shaky, breathless words were lost in another gasp as Tony's tongue rolled inside of him again. "Please!"
“We won't give him a choice. Thanks again for the coffee," he added to Darien, earning a wave in return. Once they were out of Darien's earshot, Phil observed, "He's cute. And the coffee is excellent." He knew that Clint wasn’t just hiding his face because of his hangover. The hoodie was another wall to block out the world.
"Nat?" Clint had managed to keep it together, but as the spots from his vision cleared and it became obvious the woman wasn't there, he felt cold panic threatening to take over. "Coulson, where is she? Summers, she has to be around her somewhere! Find her!" he growled. His mind was already coming up with all the horrible things the woman would experience at Loki's hands. The god wouldn't just kill her. He'd... "No... no... nonono..." His eyes darted about helplessly as he searched for some sign, some clue as to where Loki had taken their teammates.
"Starting to," Steve allowed with a flicker of a smile. "Fitz-Simmons and Bruce figured something out. They... we needed... with you gone..." He took a shaky breath and said, "I think I'm going to need to talk about it when I can cry a lot more and be wearing a lot less metal. I'm sure you built it out of something that doesn't rust, but I hate to take my chances." It didn't stop Steve from staying as close as humanly possible to Tony. While Thor led the way with Loki, Steve's gaze followed them. "I get that we need him to help Clint," he allowed, "but..." He wasn't even sure what to ask, but he hadn't missed the pity on Tony's face when he looked at the god. "He's a liar, Tony. It's what he does."
Bruce watched the whole thing closely. "It did do that," he agreed, staring uncertainly at the hammer before glancing at Coulson and Steve. "But you guys tell me I'm not the only one that caught Barton's whole Neo act back there."
As he finished his speech, the room erupted in a roar of applause. Tony smiled, nodded and bowed to the assembled group. Was it his imagination, or was Steve clapping the loudest? Then, there came another sound. Barely perceptible, like the buzzing of a gnat. Too late Tony recognized the noise. It was a shot. From high above, the glittering chandelier snapped from its chain, plummeting down and pinning Tony.
Logan took a moment to shrug off his shirt before drawing Scott closer. Fingers slick with lube lightly brushed along Scott's ass crack, slowly finding their way to the man's entrance. Logan stroked the tight ring of muscle gently, at least trying to be considerate of his lover's well-used state. Taking advantage of the angle and Scott's closeness, Logan nipped and licked at the man's chest, suckling at one pert nipple as one of his fingers  sank into Scott's body.
Jemma smiled in return and agreed, "No, I suspect he doesn't. In time, we might find other means to control - if the need arose, of course. Something temporary. Like the muzzle that Thor used before? I've seen pictures. But less invasive, perhaps. A collar? Something to dampen whatever it is he uses to..." She cast around for a better way to put it and finally rolled her eyes. "Whatever he uses to cast spells and fiddle with people's minds." The young women gave Bruce a warning look. "It isn't magic. It isn't. But the terminology seems apt."
"When Scott was missing," she filled in, smile fading only marginally as she led the way down an oak-paneled hall. "It's alright. I'm glad he's found a place where he's happy." Jean opened the door to a large office at the end of the hallway. "Professor? We have visitors."
"You wanna talk 'not fair'?" Bruce countered, and nobody would've missed the flash of green in the man's eyes. "How about being stuck wondering when you're going to turn into a walking man-made disaster next?"
"That would be an affirmative," Clint replied, gazing over the rim of his mug as he took a sip. "We figured it might be a good idea to keep an eye on him. He's been through hell, and you never know if he'll suit up and look for a little payback." Tossing Coulson a reassuring wink, Clint added, "No worries. Stark seems to be doing better. At least that's what Nat says, and I trust her opinion." Indeed, from all of her reports it seemed Cap had turned out to be a good influence on the billionaire. Clint hoped that Tony's recovery meant one less thing to worry about.
"Uh, sounds great," Clint muttered, wondering what the hell a bilgesnipe was.
"Please, sit. There's no need for forgiveness. We are more often than not fighting the same battles. Tell me what you need."
Clint moaned as he unzipped, finally letting his aching shaft free of the confining leather. He liked the idea of fucking her more or less fully clothed, and the feeling of her legs and feet running over his legs through the leather. Wrapping his hand around the throbbing flesh, he dragged the head of his cock up and down her slick opening a few times before he could no longer stand the temptation. He forced himself to go slow with every ounce of his being as he guided himself into her, his hands bracing on either side of her chest as he buried himself into her tight, welcoming heat. Clint panted desperately as he slid home, his face coming to rest against her neck. His hand slid up her side to cup one of her breasts and play with the nipple as he began to thrust slowly.
As much as he would have liked to debate the issue or disagree, he couldn't. The truth was that Steve was having more fun in the few minutes since they left than he had the whole party. It was strange zipping away in a fancy car while wearing a tuxedo with a guy he could barely get along with, but it wasn't bad. Steve allowed himself to look over at the man next to him, appreciating for a brief moment the fact that Tony really could pull himself together well when he tried - or, rather, Pepper could pull him together. Or Jarvis. When he caught Tony's eye, Steve felt flustered, caught looking, "Nice tux," he complimented lamely.
"I shall accompany you, as well. It is only just," Thor said, following the three. He wanted a chance to speak for Loki also, though he kept that to himself.
Tony moaned, his hips rocking forward against the car seat instinctively. Listening to Steve sound so unrestrained, so desperate and needy was almost enough to make Tony want to cum right then and there. Instead, Tony did as he was bidden, letting that thick shaft ram the back of his throat as he began bobbing his head faster and faster, his fingers digging into Steve's hips as he moved. He moaned and hummed in pleasure around the thick flesh in his throat, taking it deeper and faster as if he couldn't get enough of it.
“Guard. He means under guard. And bars. Possibly restraints,” Bucky clarified with a smile that showed he didn’t much mind. “I think it’s probably best too. I feel like me, but that doesn’t necessarily mean I am.”
Tony thought about that for a moment. Being alone in a room with Steve qualified as leaping over an enormous hurdle. His former self-assured attitude still seemed long forgotten, and it made the billionaire feel as naked as a newborn. He didn't like it, not one bit. "Dinner's about all I can handle right now," he admitted. Glancing down at his fingers intertwined with Steve's, Tony felt a fluttering in his stomach and the first sign that everything might be okay illuminated itself. "You mind if clean up and make myself a little more presentable?" he asked self-consciously.
Bruce turned his attention to the Lady Frigga almost immediately, his brow creased. "Are you alright?"
Only one more chapter left in Part 1. It's a doozy.
"Without Logan noticing? Probably never," Coulson returned. "Without him being able to stop me?" The man smiled over at Clint. "The truth is that I think Summers is on our side as much as he can be. He's sympathetic, at least. That's useful to us. If he really wants to keep the team safe, he's going to be willing to help us, or at least not willing to actively do any of us harm. He won't want Logan to either."
"Oh, if I'm allowed to be a jerk based on how pretty I am, I guess I better pump up the volume," Tony decided. He knew he'd gotten away with near murder on not just a few occasions because people - especially Pepper - had very little resistance to his puppy dog eyes. "And here I thought you'd be immune."
Pepper smiled at the suggestion. "I think that would be a lovely idea. I can have someone help you get your things if you'd like, Steve?"
Clint nodded, quirking a faint smile at the grim humor. He drew away from the woman, realizing he was probably being a little too emotional for her comfort. "Alright, yeah. Any chance to put Stark in a headlock."
"Yeah, well, I can't get drunk or high, I don't gamble, we both know womanizing's not my thing... I should have some kind of vice, right? Picking fights isn't as good an idea anymore as it was when I was a kid." It was one thing getting beaten up for smarting off or calling someone out for being a jerk. Whaling on someone half your size when they didn't have enhanced strength and reflexes was a whole other ballgame. "You go get some sleep. Remember, your lady assigned me to keep you out of the lab sometimes." Crush or no, Steve was starting to think that maybe moving in with Tony wasn't such a bad idea after all.
Even Darien's breath caught at the sight of her pale skin against the leather encasing Clint's muscular legs. The two of them were living pornography - he just wished Nat was a little less female. //Then again, if it was that hot I probably would've cum in my pants already.//
"Hey, no problem. Um, we have a couple of shirts. They're pretty awful tourist shirts, but..." She shrugged and pointed to the rack. "You're welcome to them. Food and whatever too."
Clint drew back a little, eyes searching the other man's face as he spoke, brow furrowed. "Phil... I don't... I don't think I could do that." The idea sounded terrible. Not so much the idea of sleeping with Nat, of course, but just the idea of going to someone else if Phil was still trying to recover. Clint worried his lower lip, running a hand down Phil's chest. "I mean, I know... Considering my past... exploits, I get why you'd think..." He trailed off, trying to get his thoughts in order. "I don't think I want anyone else. I'll wait, okay?"
Scott had torn off the blindfold and was checking Logan over even though Natasha had already determined he was alive. "Jesus, what-"
"Maybe I can finish up and join you for that last part." A solid workout sounded pretty good. He'd been active, more or less, but that wasn't the same as really working to keep in shape. He missed the challenge and the thrill of pushing himself as hard as humanly possible to get to the edge. "I bet you'd make a pretty good trainer," Scott observed as he threw on his clothes from the night before for the walk back to his own apartment. "I'll text you when I get everything settled." He grabbed Logan's shirt and kissed him soundly. "And I'll miss you in the meantime."
"And Loki might have it soon." Steve felt a chill run down his spine at the idea. "And we don't know where he is. And he has Nat." Though Steve sounded calm, he felt anything but. He felt like he needed to sprint somewhere and make something happen, but there was nothing to do. There were no races to run. They simply didn't know what they needed to know to find Loki. He let out a slow breath and settled in next to Tony again. "I hope Fury knows where the damn thing is." At least then they could head Loki off at the pass and maybe have a chance at stopping him.
It was a brave move, one that Loki heartily approved of. "Very nice." He carefully shrugged off his robe. "I appreciate your lack of hesitation. Restraint is overrated." He paused, glancing down at his clothing. "In which case, I suppose drawing this out is foolish." Never taking his eyes off of Victor's face, Loki unlaced the shirt further and stripped it off to reveal flesh beneath so pale it almost glowed and leaving him in only a pair of tight black pants embossed with runes. Growing up Loki had never been particularly comfortable with his body. It was too different from the warriors constantly parading around him. Once he learned why he was so different, he had stopped trying to be like anyone else and embraced the things about him that set him apart from the others.
Bruce grinned broadly at that. "I thought I was supposed to be the old, wise one here," he teased, grabbing a bite of muffin. "Alright, fine. So we're alright with the possibility of an impromptu third wheel, then. And you're right: I don't get to talk to many people that can keep up with me and who also happen to be cute and single." He blushed a little a second after the words were out, but didn't retract them. "So, I think I promised to tell you about my recent vacation. Anything in particular you're curious about? Keeping in mind that I didn't get much of a chance to stop and smell the... well, whatever they have up there that passes for roses."
"Look, we're all pretty pissed. Bottom line is, your brother's back on Earth tearin' the place apart for what looks like that mallet's evil twin. And, y'know, tyin' up old vendettas while he's at it."
Again, Bucky glanced away. He didn't like how easily this Agent Coulson could make him see how wrong his ideas were. Still, Bucky very much doubted that Steve would mind his absence. "Honestly? I don't know," he answered softly. "Steve's got... other things he's focused on." And it was Bucky's own fault for encouraging his best friend to pursue Tony Stark. He gave a slight shake of his head as if to clear his thoughts. "How long will I have to be in here?" he asked, glancing around the room with a mixture of uncertainty and apprehension.
Tony moaned helplessly at those words, arching under his two partners as one hand tangled in the sheets, his short fingernails snagging lightly in the bedsheets. He groaned almost pitifully as Logan's hand fell away from his cock and the man rolled to one side, but then tangled his hands in Steve's hair and dragged him into a starved kiss. His body arched against the taller man's, and he groaned anxiously. "Do it," he breathed, shivering slightly. "Please."
"Nah," the bartender returned sarcastically. "You just look like an Edward."
Thor scowled at Tony, then turned that scowl on Loki. "What did you do to him, brother? Is that even the Man of Iron, or is this more of your sorcery?"
Clint laughed. Phil had his sense of humor back already, and it did a lot to make the archer feel better, as well. "And the flour...?"
Tony let out a soft, shaky moan at the friction. Like his partner, the mortal's arousal was building gradually, but the god had a way of touching and moving that still managed to draw light jolts of pleasure and soft sounds of the same from him. //Jesus, he's good at this,// Tony reflected, his hands sliding over the long, lean body before him. He broke the kiss to move his lips along Loki's jaw, down his throat to his collarbone. As Tony licked and sucked at the pale, blue-tinged flesh, his fingers followed the lower line of his partner's abs down to his waistband, teasing at the barrier of fabric lightly.
Logan tugged Scott into a gentle kiss. "Look, darlin'... what you get yer jollies from in bed... maybe that's part o' who you are, but it don't define you," he said, pressing their foreheads together. "I don't think any less o' you. What happens in here stays in here, alright?" He didn't want Scott to feel awkward for liking the things he did. Sometimes people that in control needed someone to take that away from them, and the bedroom was an easy place for that to happen.
Since Scott seemed more curious than horrified, Logan quirked a faint smile. Talking was saving him having to shove down more jello. That was already a plus. The fact that Scott seemed actually excited at the prospect made it even more interesting. Add that to Nat's offer, "Alright. But Scott, I just wanna remind ya that you asked me to tell ya." He leaned in and grinned. "So, Nat, I know you at least heard about the whole explosive mess with Tony and Steve... What stayed outta the press is that I kinda ended up goin' to bed with 'em that night too."
The teasing seemed to work a little, and Scott almost smiled. "Will you see him again?"
Natasha could feel Logan swelling until he was painfully hard in her mouth. Heedless of Logan's grip on her hair, she drew back and grinned wickedly up at the man. "Do you want to get him ready, or should I?" she purred. Natasha definitely didn't want to disrupt their rhythm, but she couldn't deny that she wanted another chance to get her hands all over Scott too.
Scott snorted at the mental image. He was pretty sure Logan was right. It was New York. You didn't have to go far too find that. "Or a park bench to make out on."
Bruce had a little more grace, thanking Simmons before taking a muffin along with his mocha. "How's the research going, anyway?" He asked, rolling his eyes as Tony made a dismissive sound at the idea of the two figuring anything out. Bruce leaned in and asked quietly, "You *did* figure out the reactor, right? How it works, I mean?" It was Tony's litmus test. If someone in their field couldn't figure that out with blueprints, there was a solid chance that Tony would smart-shame them until he was dead. And then come back to haunt them.
"Long as you return the favor," Steve murmured against Tony's lips. He couldn't resist kissing the man, couldn't resist edging Tony back against the tiled wall and pressing their bodies tightly together. "I love you so much, Tony. I don't ever want to lose you." The moment was heavy, but not unpleasant. It felt good to say what he felt and to make sure that Tony knew he was needed and wanted. "I can do without most of this stuff, all the hero bits and the costume and," he gestured vaguely down to himself, "but I can't do any of this without you."
In which the team touches base and Thor gets caught up.
Logan nodded and obliged, knowing that this would be the point that might make Scott reconsider. He took a few more moments to work the finger in well, but Scott's impatient shifting against the bed was enough to break what little patience he had left. He withdrew his hand, shifting to kneel between Scott's thighs. He hooked a hand under his lover's knee and pushed it up a bit, leaving Scott perfectly exposed as Logan took himself in hand. Meeting Scott's gaze, Logan slowly pushed forward, fighting the urge to bury himself fully as soon as that tight heat started to close around him. "Jesus, Scott... feel so good..."
Had it been anyone else at his side, Coulson would have taken their hand and sat closer. Since it was Clint and the man looked skittish as it was, he kept his distance and tried to keep conversation light. It was a markedly difficult task when he wanted to grab Clint and kiss him senseless while the cab took them closer to the tower. When they arrived, Phil led the way to his suite and let them both in. He started some coffee and suggested, "You can put on some music if you like." He nodded toward a shelf that contained one of the Stark Industries-issued mp3 player/satellite radio outfits they'd all been given. "Unless you put on particularly whiny country music, there's not much I really hate."
Scott's hand twitched on the seat. It was the last thing he'd expected to hear. "You spoke to Jean?"
Steve wasn't sure he agreed, but he knew that Tony believed it. That was more than enough. He didn't bother trying to say anything, just moved time with Tony’s body. They didn't need to talk to enjoy each other. He didn't need Tony to talk to feel the way his hands were exploring and the way his hips caught as he tried to keep himself from moving too fast. Steve let his eyes close and paid attention to nothing but their increasingly sweaty bodies moving in perfect sync.
Tony kept a straight face, but his larynx bobbed at the glimmer of green in Bruce's eyes. The shorter scientist moved away a moment later, and Tony cleared his throat. "I'll catch up with you. I'm taking a few hours to myself first," he said, glancing down at Steve and quirking a faint smile.
"Find out where this is coming from," Steve broke in, his throat tight. The camera was pulled in tight on Tony's pale, groggy features and then pulled back, the action jerky and mechanical, until he could see that the man was actually nude and strapped to some sort of metal table. Torn between looking away and not wanting to miss a second in case it gave away some hint as to Tony's location, Steve sank down onto the couch. //At least he's alive...//
The smile gave Tony goosebumps. He hadn't thought of something, obviously. "What kind of problems?" He knew that Mjolnir's evil twin had had an ugly effect on Barton, but Tony couldn't imagine it being much of a problem for Thor. He knew there was no real reason for Loki to explain that to him, but Tony was hoping the Asgardian would feel compelled to brag a little, especially to someone who he planned to kill before the Avengers ever got there. "You can bet they'll hand that hammer to your brother, not Barton."
Even though he knew it was both a touchy subject and a difficult one, Coulson finally asked, "Has anyone been to see Summers and Logan."
"Yeah, I sure do," Darien answered brightly before jerking his thumb toward Clint, "which is why I brought one."
Phil could see that there wasn't much chance of Steve managing to say more. He put a hand on Clint's shoulder, firm enough to be sure that he felt it even through the buzz he had going. "Now's not the time. You might not be worried about your marbles right now, but the rest of us are."
"I keep telling him that," Scott agreed, moving in behind his lover and kissing Logan's shoulder. There didn't seem to be any particular script to what they were doing, and he was perfectly happy to wing it. As long as they all had a good time, it didn't really matter. His hands slid around front to edge his fingertips into the waistband of Logan's jeans. "Or pants. Pants are overrated."
"Just a fetish, huh?" Clint replied, looking amused more than anything. He sobered a little when Phil mentioned his resurrection. It was his turn to reach out and catch hold of the other man's hand. "I'm less worried about postal, more worried about it sticking. I don't think I'd be okay with it... un-sticking," he said the last slowly. He'd worded it intending to keep the comment light, but it hurt to say it. His hand tightened on Phil's as if afraid his handler might suddenly vaporize. "I don't think I can go through that again. Especially not now."
Bruce nodded, taking a drink of soda. "Jarvis says it will, but it's hard to be sure without full data. We don't really know what can hurt Loki. Except the hammer, which is off-limits. Thor's folks weren't exactly kind enough to loan us weaponry to get an idea, and that thing," he hooked a thumb over his shoulder at the well-contained evil-hammer, "is like trying to photograph a black hole."
"I have a rather nasty scar to attest to that," Coulson agreed grimly. "With most people, I wouldn't ask, but have you encountered anyone like this before?"
Simmons beat Fitz to the punch by seconds. "You are fantastic. I'm starving," she assured Steve with a blinding smile before selecting a half sandwich and a bag of sour cream and onion chips from the pile.
Natasha broke the stalemate with a curt, "Clint, get him loaded up in back. Steve, if you could help me with Tony?"
Bucky glanced up, his eyes bright and his expression coy. “Would that be such a bad thing?” he murmured. Despite having secretly harbored feelings for Steve as far back as he could remember, it was the first time Bucky had ever made the slightest hint. He had always been the one to suggest or set up dates with girls, all the while hiding the truth about himself and how he’d felt toward Steve.  From what he could tell the world had changed a lot, and he saw no reason why he couldn’t change along with it. “I mean, I wouldn’t object,” added Bucky softly.
"Carbs when you're dehydrated. Protein fucks up the kidneys," the archer replied around a mouthful of food. He glanced between the clerk and Phil. "You two're gonna haveta explain the donuts and flour thing. Unless it's kinky. Then I'll pass."
Grudgingly, Tony led the way back to his suite, letting Steve go back to his own room long enough to change. In one of his typically expensive, flashy suits, Tony met back up with Steve in one of the tower's many conference rooms. "Y'know, they're gonna wonder why I'm not more mouthy. Maybe I could just throw 'em a few details. Or we could tell 'em about Logan," he pointed out. Really, the idea of being quiet in front of so many cameras was painful, but the idea of being anything other than what struck his fancy seemed outright inhumane.
"No. Well... yes." When Steve gave him a look, Tony sighed. "They can try. But there's about a twenty-five percent chance of me dying in the process, whereas there's really no chance of that happening with the reactor. SHIELD made sure of that. I mean, I might get eaten by aliens, but these thumbtacks in my heart aren't going to get me."
Clint looked surprised. "How long have we known each other? I had no idea you wore glasses," he said, reflecting absently that they looked good on Phil. Kind of appropriate, all things considered, though Clint had to fight back the urge to make a 'dad' joke. "No need to apologize. I mean, who're you dressing up for?" he asked as they approached the ticket kiosk.
"Easy," Logan soothed, holding the other man tight against him. He could tell that it was a bit too much. He held Scott still against him, not wanting the man to start moving just yet, not before he'd had a chance to adjust. He took the moment to nip and lick at Scott's throat, to relish the way the man heaved for air and wriggled against him. When Scott tried to move again, Logan grabbed him firmly by the hips and held him down. "Not yet. Just need you to feel me for a second," he murmured.
Having been given a series of painkillers while his broken body was tended, Tony was feeling more loopy than he cared to admit. He wasn't too out of it to notice that Steve had plastered on a smile, which to Tony spelled out trouble. "Pains meds are doing their job," he replied, lifting his hand to show the I.V. sticking in him. "You're not fooling anyone with that forced grin. I know what a real smile on the pretty face of yours looks like, and that ain't it." Tony tried to sit up, but it proved too much of an effort. Instead, he fixed Steve with a serious gaze. "Now, are you gonna tell me what's going on, or do I have to get up and find out for myself?"
"Okay," Phil agreed reflexively. Hearing Clint's voice and feeling the solid warmth of the man's hand in his own made it easier to think about the reasons why he needed to hang on, why he needed to stay in the present even if it was tempting to drift away from the moment. He carefully released Clint's hand to unfasten the cuffs of his shirt. It felt silly to have them on. He threw them on the floor and stared at the fabric for a moment. A deep breath. Another. Finally Phil's head began to feel a little more clear, and he allowed himself to actually look at Clint and read the fear there. "Okay," he repeated despite the long moments that had passed since Clint actually spoken. Reaching out, he pulled Clint in, touching their foreheads together again. "I'll be okay. You'll be okay. If there is anything that I can say or do to keep him from hurting you... anything, I intend to do it."
"Enough!"
*****
Coulson stared back and answered in his most neutral tone, "Agent Barton was compromised the last time Loki came to town. Stay away from his staff. He can use it to twist you into knots, and from what I understand, the concussion it takes to break the hold isn't particularly pleasant."
"I'd have to consult my database," Tony fired back, looking as irritated as he ever got. "Probably not more often than you pick up low class hookers."
Phil rolled his eyes and tried not to blush. He'd been terrified the second after he said it that even as a joke it might be too much, might smack of too much commitment too fast. Instead Clint seemed pretty damned pleased with it all even as a vague idea, and Phil let himself breathe again. "That might be a bit premature since I'm fairly certain that getting any ink would still be frowned on." Though their seat wasn't as close as before, a few intimidating stares managed to get them another tree. Phil happily took his post on the ground. It felt like coming home when Clint resumed his spot close up again. "Right now I just want the real thing."
"Once or twice." Steve groaned and took a deep breath. "How long does it take normal people to heal again? Because we need to work on that." He knew in the end that any time they spent waiting would only make the first time after Tony got back to normal better, but less intellectually Steve also suspected he would have the world's worst case of blue balls by then.
"I ain't plannin' to invite 'im to make me a cup o' Earl Grey," Logan replied as he slipped out of the elevator on his floor. "You might."
She rolled her eyes. "It's not exactly a state secret. You really need to relax." She nodded over Phil's shoulder. "And you really shouldn't leave a friend hanging like that. Slap the man's hand." When Phil continued to look at her like she'd lost her mind, Natasha crossed and slapped Clint's palm herself. "There. I got laid too, after all. I suppose I deserve as much credit as you do. Maybe more. It was my idea."
Fury nodded, waiting for everyone else to file out before he tilted his head at Coulson. "You don't usually ask to talk to me one-on-one. Something must be pretty wrong." Phil was so capable of handling things that Fury rarely had to go to the man for updates and pretty much never just to make sure things were going smoothly. Fury trusted Coulson enough to know that no news was good news. He also knew that when the agent wanted to talk one-on-one, something was weighing on his mind.
Scott had on jeans and had grabbed one of Logan's shirts. It was too big on him, but it felt comfortable. He didn't want a lot more out of the night than to curl up with Logan. Being outwardly marked, at least from his own perspective, made him less anxious about the whole situation. Still he remained tucked in against Logan's side.
"You're back!" Simmons' voice was elated, and Natasha registered quickly that she was too happy for the news to only be that. The girl obviously had a thing for Bruce, but that wasn't enough to have her grinning like an idiot and waving her hands at them as she hurried out of the building at a fast clip with Fitz on her heels. "Sorry, I know you probably all need- oh, but it's wonderful news!"
“Well, since I get a chauffeur out of the deal, I’m not gonna complain. Much,” Tony allowed with a smirk. “Take me away, Jeeves!”
The thought was enough to bring the smile back to Phil's face. It was nice to know that more than laziness had brought Clint back to him. "I'm glad you didn't. I don't honestly know what I would've done otherwise. No offense to Natasha, but the team is... it's pretty perfect the way it is. I wouldn't want it to change." The three of them had a rhythm together that not many SHIELD teams could match. "I would've hated not to come home to you, anyway. It wouldn't have felt right." Stupid as it was on some levels for them to stay together professionally, Phil wouldn't trade it unless he was forced to. He wouldn't have wanted anyone else guiding Clint through missions or listening to the painful silences while they waited for confirmations of success or failure. "We should sleep soon. Hopefully we can have our psych evals and prove we're not too broken to work. Or that we are for awhile." Badly as Phil wanted to be part of taking Loki down, he knew there was a chance that a shrink would hear the catch in his voice, see the tremors in his hands, and tell him to stay the hell away from missions for awhile. He frankly didn't know what he'd do with himself in that case.
"Well, whoever your boss is, you'd think he'd get you some clothes. I mean, where're your gonna put that gun when you're done with - " Tony was cut off by Jarvis's proximity detector squealing at him just before something massive slammed into him and knocked him to the ground. The loud growl that accompanied the attack had him convinced it was a lion until four thin metal claws cut through his face mask like butter, stopping millimeters from his eyes. Tony managed to get one hand under himself and fire off the thruster, sending dirt flying one way and himself and his attacker another.
It was a valid point, and Phil actually felt abashed for having been the one to bring it up. Logan was right: it didn't help. "I don't think any of us do," he agreed instead of addressing the primary issue, leaving it lie for the time being.
Bruce smiled. It was nice having someone around that didn't treat him like a live grenade they'd lost the pin to. "Considering I broke Manhattan all by myself, I feel safe in saying that two of the other guy might pose a significant liability," he said, prodding at the formula. Simulating the next try indicated it would create a deadly chain reaction in Steve's immune system. He sighed. "This is so much harder than it should be," he muttered to himself in frustration.
The landing jostled him from a light sleep, and Phil tensed for a fight before he remembered where they were. He got a nod of greeting from Ward as his eyes opened, and Phil gave Clint's leg a gentle shake. "Hey. Time to get to the doctor," he informed the man in a voice rough from sleep and lingering dehydration. The sooner they got the medical part of things done, the sooner they could curl up somewhere and sleep.
Scott was surprised by the words but all the more pleased by them because of it. He hadn't expected the sweetness, and he liked it, blushing faintly as he found Logan's lips again. The kiss was soft, undemanding. It deepened as Scott almost casually threw a leg over Logan's lap. It was a tease, and they both knew it. Scott wasn't rushing, but he wasn't going to stand still and miss an opportunity to hear Logan's breath catch either. Some things were worth a little teasing.
Clint felt sure his stomach knot and wondered if part of this guy's schtick was reading minds. He tried to come up with a decent reply, but found himself stumped for once.
"Oh, well said." Loki rounded the corner, battle armor set aside for his no-less-ostentatious day wear. "That's a good description of what this is. I want to see how far you can be pushed before you break. The mind control was fun, of course, but it didn't give me a good idea of your natural talents and abilities. I'd like to remedy that. I was actually thinking of bringing in one more specimen. Tell me, which of your friends do you think would be a good choice? I'm afraid Mr. Banner is more of a handful than I'm interested in dealing with... but that still leaves some very intriguing possibilities. Who would you sacrifice this time?"
Clint seemed to come back to reality as the two talked around him. Their combined presence was reassuring. The idea of the three of them together in one place and relatively safe even moreso. Clint squeezed Nat's hand, offering her a weak but sincere smile. He hadn't gotten to see the details in Nat's file, but he hadn't needed to. Hadn't wanted to. That was a story that was most definitely hers to tell if she wanted to. He hated the idea, hated that she understood. He used his grip on her hand to pull her onto the couch next to him and tugged her close until he could place a gentle kiss to the woman's forehead. He realize a moment later that Phil might take the gesture the wrong way, and Clint made a point to press himself into their handler's touch more firmly as he drew away. "The three of us are a real mess, y'know that?" he said shakily, forcing a faint smile. "Glad I have the two of you, though. Don't think I could do all this without you guys."
"A friend - just not your friend." May brought her heel down toward Mystique's face, but the woman twisted her body and pulled Hank half off of the floor. She managed to take May off her feet at the same time, though the woman recovered well.
Tony let out a harsh sigh as Loki settled across his lap, his hands instinctively settling on the god's hips. Dark brown eyes rose up to meet chilly blue, and Tony knew that there was no going back at that point. He wanted desperately to think he'd somehow been bewitched, but he felt too much like himself to really believe that. "Our secret," he muttered, wondering if he'd even be able to hide something like this from Steve. Deciding it was a moot point anyway, he leaned up for another kiss.
"Wait till winter. He's better than a heating blanket," Natasha agreed without glancing at them.
Scott considered that. He felt uneasy at the idea, but he knew he wasn't going to become self sufficient letting himself constantly rely on Logan even if it was only for emotional protection. "Yeah. Probably. And, look, if I'm not, you're not planning on changing rooms the second I leave, right? I can find you. I can get help from you if I need it." He offered a tentative smile. "Right?"
There were tears in Steve's eyes as he held Tony close. "Bruce is right." It killed him to think of hurting Tony or leaving him behind. "If there's a chance that this works, we have to take it. If it's too bad, I can stop and you can keep working." He glanced up to see a look of blatant skepticism on Fitz's face.
Tony struggled to remain lucid as the drugs tried to lull him to sleep. He needed to be sharp in order to help Steve, whom he'd never seen in such a state before. "Anything's possible," he replied, glancing up at the other man. If Steve could be frozen solid and revived, then it wasn't out of the realms of possibility that Bucky had also been revived. "We're working on too little here," Tony decided, his brow furrowing. "What we need to do is find out for certain. I'm not doubting you, Cap. If you say it's Bucky, then it's Bucky. We just have to know what we're dealing with first." He offered Steve what he hoped was an encouraging smile, and then added, "Tracking him down should be our first priority."
Logan smirked down at Natasha, eyes so dark they were almost black. "Probably not quite," he rumbled, "but I think he wants it that way." He gestured for Nat to move, then grabbed Scott's shoulder and unceremoniously flipped him onto his stomach. Logan was on top of him in an instant, nipping at the back of Scott's neck as he let his aching shaft drag between perfect buttocks. He licked and sucked and raised a hickey on a part of his lover's neck that would make it obvious to anyone who thought about it just what angle it had come from, then breathed in Scott's ear, "Tell me what you want. I wanna hear it."
A little of the warmth in Tony's brown eyes returned. Despite his best intentions to the contrary, he was allowing Steve to break through the wall he'd erected. If he'd had it his way, then Tony would have spent the rest of his days in this room drinking himself into oblivion. Having convinced himself that Steve would outright reject him, Tony could not help reeling from how open and accepting the other man was. Still, a part of him hesitated; the thought of stepping out into the real world again filled him with dread. "Would you mind if we just had dinner here?" he asked softly, taking Steve's offered hand.
Tony squirmed, then winced a little as it aggravated his stitches. Reminding himself that he'd likely get completely deprived of what was coming if Steve decided Tony couldn't hold still, the billionaire forced himself to subside, instead pushing himself up on his elbows as much as he could and watching the blonde intently. Steve was entrancing to watch. The man's perfect lips on Tony's skin, that perfect blonde hair just mussed enough to lightly drape over bright blue eyes... Tony couldn't imagine anyone sexier. "You know you look amazing, right?" he murmured breathlessly, the reactor on his chest bobbing slightly as he panted in anticipation.
I love the three of them as friends. I love them supporting each other. It's not an exaggeration to say this is one of my favorite chapters of the whole series even though it's pretty simple.
His stomach twisted, but Steve couldn’t help but grin at how normal Tony sounded. He sounded like himself. Steve ran a hand through his hair again before going to the door. Given that he was actually waiting for the door to open instead of having Jarvis just open it for him, Tony really was taking this seriously. Steve opened the door with a wide smile. He supposed it had everything to do with a shower and a shave, but Tony looked better too. “Hi. You look great.” Nervous and excited and horrifically terrified of doing the wrong thing, Steve almost forgot to step aside. “Come on in. I just got started - Italian okay?”
"That, I can do," Clint decided, moving to start gathering dishes up and putting them in the dishwasher. "And I actually do pretty good cooking over a campfire, by the by. Usually just salt and pepper over dead animal, but you'd be surprised how good that can taste." He grabbed a cloth and started wiping down the counter. "And I'm sure as hell gonna run and hide away from civilization when this is all over. Not sure I can take much more of this tower, to be honest."
"I think that was a Twilight joke. It was, wasn't it? Shit." Darien sighed as he gingerly sat down on one of the barstools. It wasn't a good idea to scream "bottom" in a bar full of guys in leather, but he couldn't really help it. "Beer. Something that doesn't taste like sweat socks. Thanks." He looked to Clint as the bartender selected a bottle and handed it over. "You could've warned me I was going to look like a townie trying to go clubbing."
Clint could hear Tony's voice on the other end of the line.
Steve glanced over and saw a smile on Bruce's lips. It was enough of a pleasant oddity to surprise a smile from him as well. Some of the fear and tension drained from his shoulders if only for a moment. The unfamiliar weight of the suit was forgotten as he ventured, "Dr. Simmons?" He continued on before Bruce had an opportunity to protest or apologize. "It's nice to see you smile. You deserve it. Hold onto that. I... if we don't need the other guy, I don't want to put you through it, so I'm kind of hoping you can keep going with the happy thoughts."
Though inside he bristled at the question, Steve forced himself to nod, "Yes. My credentials haven't changed. My skills haven't changed."
"I feel like I'm part of the weirdest Charlie's Angels episode ever," Scott muttered to Logan under his breath as they all entered the conference room again.
Clint forced himself to take his hand away from the hammer, swallowing hard. "Right," he said, his eyes still shimmering with the subdued violet. The words were having their intended effect anyway, and he walked a little closer to his handler. "You're right. That's not me." Satisfying as it had been to crush Victor earlier, torturing him wasn't Clint's style. He hated the mutant, but Clint didn't have it in him to torment someone who was completely helpless. He met Phil's gaze. "I don't want it to be me."
Logan wasn't having it. He leaned in close to Stark and looked him hard in the eye, their noses millimeters from contact. "You say one fucking word to him about what happened, and I'll personally present Loki with yer liver as a souvenir," he growled, no amount of jest in his voice.
Tony stared hard at the blur that was Loki. He could make out an odd blue tinge but couldn't guess what it was. He started to come back with a snarky dodge to the question, then remembered that he was required to play along. He took a deep breath. "And from the user. And an arc reactor. But the whole framework was built around Mjolnir's evil twin, yeah," he said, wondering what was eating Loki. Considering how long it had taken for Loki to heal up from the thumping Clint had given him - Tony had seen the footage - Tony couldn't imagine that the god would be hurting too badly. At least, not for long.
Phil groaned at the joke but had to allow, "I've noticed, actually." He'd more than noticed, but in light of the evening, he supposed Clint knew that already. It had been difficult watching Clint and keeping things professional. It was actually a little hard having Clint straddling his lap and keeping things from getting out of hand. "You should watch out for that. Next time the scar could be bigger. Look what happened to me when I decided to get cute." He smiled ruefully and continued his explorations until his fingers landed on a smaller scar at the top of Clint's shoulder. He'd seen it before a million times. "I remember that one. South America. The extraction team was late... natives got restless. I hated being on the wire for that. Then I saw it, and you were barely even bleeding, and you were grinning because you took out three of them by yourself. Then I wanted to kill you myself."
"Or being remotely civilized. Next time you get in a plane with me, you are *not* eating a half dozen eggs beforehand," Tony groused as he got out of the plane, yet again leaving Steve to take care of his baggage. It wasn't personal as much as Tony was just accustomed to someone taking care of it. Usually Pepper.
Already revved up from having gotten Steve off, Tony didn't have much stamina left in him, and watching the perfect man before him suck his dick was too much for his self-restraint. He came with a few tense moans, one of which sounded like his partner's name. With a pleasantly shaky lack of grace, he tugged Steve back a bit and then slumped to the floor with a big, sloppy grin plastered across his face. His hair was mussed, and he was flushed from the encounter, and all he wanted to do was drag Steve into a long, breathless kiss, an impulse which he immediately obliged. He hands tangled in the other man's hair, Tony couldn't imagine anything better than the taste of sweat and himself on Steve’s lips.
It had been a long time since Darien found a guy who wasn't all talk. He'd picked up a few over the years who promised they liked things a little rough, that they could push the boundaries. Usually that meant at best a little light bondage. Clint, on the other hand, seemed willing to back up his crazy opening with just as extreme a finish line. He threw his head back and continued to stroke their cocks together while giving Clint obvious access to his chest.
Natasha already wore jeans and a t-shirt, ready for the day by the time Clint appeared. She smiled fondly at the sight of him. "Coffee's almost ready. I usually hit the caf for breakfast." It gave her a chance to get the lay of the land for the day and get out of the apartment. "After that, Fury's called a meeting to discuss everything." Hoping to remove some of the sting from the news that they'd be suffering through a meeting, Natasha added, "Steve's out of medical. He's staying with Tony."
Steve had been caught on the edge of reaching out for the man, of apologizing for hurting his feelings or bringing up a difficult topic. Instead he ended up standing frozen in the doorway with his mouth hanging open. It took several seconds to fully recover, and Steve was still bright red as he made his way back to the front door to retrieve his things. He had no idea how long Tony would be gone, but he was beginning to wonder if moving in was really the best thing. They barely got along as it was. How could some weird, inappropriate crush really help anything? It couldn't. It just gave Tony fodder to torture him, apparently. Steve wondered if he was that transparent or if Tony was just pushing buttons until he found out what got under his skin the fastest.
Logan type a quick text to Scott as soon as everyone started moving toward their mutual corners. FOUND LOKI. GOING TO TELL ROGERS. NOT A SCRATCH ON ME. Gesturing to Sif, he moved toward the tower. He made sure to take the woman to all the major high points before having Jarvis guide them to Steve. He was surprised to find the man in Tony's lab and moreso considering he seemed to be wearing one of Tony's suits. "Uh... You got a minute, Rogers?"
He took a few steps toward Loki, determined to make sure the other two men didn't get caught up in the gun's effects. His faceplate melted away so that he could look Loki in the eyes even as his own dark brown hues seemed to fade a little. "We've had enough of your shit, Loki," he rasped, willing the repulsor to fire. Something excruciating seemed to arc directly through him right before the blast slammed into the god, and Tony heard a scream, realizing as he collapsed to the ground that it was his own. He couldn't see, could barely hear what was going on around him. He could practically feel his heart slowing. Knowing Steve was listening, he murmured softly, "Love you..."
The thought was a sobering one, and Steve couldn't help looking away. He suddenly felt a lot less hungry and a lot more terrified. It took only moments for him to get ahold of himself for the sake of everyone else in the room, but the knot of anxiety lingered inside. He didn't want Logan to die either, not even temporarily, but it was better than what could happen to Tony. "I'm glad you guys are working out the kinks." Steve was frankly starting to wonder if their best bet wasn't handing Clint the hammer and letting him beat Loki into a bloody pulp. He kept the idea to himself. It was dangerous too, and for all they knew Clint would end up just as dead.
Logan scowled at the woman, "So what? Not your problem. Scott deserves to live better." The thought hadn't occurred to Logan, though, that Loki might do something to Scott. //No. If he goes after anyone, it'll be me,// he reassured himself.
Tony cupped Steve's face and pulled him upwards for a long, slow kiss that might've been a bit more intense than appropriate considering they were about to walk out the door. "You can do this. *We* can do this. And if anyone feels the need to act like an ass, I'll adjust them." Realistically, without his suit, Tony was probably going to be the least capable person in the room aside from Steve, but he was also pretty sure that a few sharp words would be all it would take to quell any notions anyone might have of being less than respectful to their leader.
"No... no, sit," Steve urged, already at the man's side and pressing a hand gently against his chest to keep him from doing himself any further harm. Realizing it was unnecessary and probably a bit too intimate, he quickly withdrew his hand and sank into the nearest chair. "Pepper got a good picture of the guy who tried to kill you. It was like he wanted to be seen... and..." He shook his head to clear it and held his phone up. He'd spent a lot of his time while waiting for Tony just staring at the image, sure that eventually his brain would come up with a really good explanation. "That's Bucky. I don't know how much of my file you looked through. He's... he was my best friend. He died. I saw... but he was there. That's him."
For his part, Clint had gone with his typical layered look of a t-shirt, open button down and leather jacket with jeans. He couldn't decide whether he wanted to stare at Nat or Phil more. Nat was her typical svelte self, but Phil was intriguing so dressed down. Clint hadn't noticed before. "Guess we are," he agreed after a moment, sidling up to Nat.
It felt good to relax. Tony had been on edge and well on his way to becoming a reclusive drunk. Now it was as if he could take on the whole world again. His gaze ticked between the action on screen and Steve's reaction. Tony ached to be close to the other man, and before he realized what had happened, he'd inched closer and tentatively draped his arm across Steve's broad shoulders. "Is this all right?" he asked softly. Despite his renewed confidence, Tony was still a little unsure, and he didn't want to make a wrong move after Steve had been so patient and understanding with him.
Down in the war room, Natasha's expression was grim. But Natasha's expression was always grim. "It's Hydra."
Clint nodded. He wanted Coulson to put down the hammer probably at least as much as the agent himself did. He wasn't sure it was for the same reasons, though. "Good news is, I didn't notice anything until we started fighting, so... you should be okay?" he said, trying to sound reassuring. Doing his best to keep his mind clear with the hammer so close, Clint escorted Phil quickly down to the research floor. Through several airlocks and security systems, Clint was already talking with Jarvis to make sure a secure vault was set up for the artifact. By the time they got there, a half dozen guards waited outside a cell not unlike what they'd put Loki in, with the added advantage of a fully equipped lab an airlock away. Clint gestured to the pedestal in the center. "All you," he said, watching the agent closely.
"He's right - we need rest. I need rest," Natasha added quietly. She sighed and looked Clint over. Considering what they'd all been through, he didn't look too bad. //Coulson's been taking good care of him.// The thought amused her, but she kept it to herself. "Now is the perfect time for a terrible movie and a long nap. Your place or mine?" She was too tired to want to engage in any of their more athletic stress relief activities, but Clint's warm, familiar presence sounded like the the perfect balm for her frayed nerves and tired body.
"You should thank Dr. Banner, really, he-"
"You intend to find aid."
Victor chuckled softly, relishing the way his toy shivered underneath him in response. He was getting to Coulson. That was what he ultimately wanted. "Maybe you should beg," he growled, one hand moving to the back of Clint's neck, his thumb stroking idly through the man's hair as he stared at Phil. "Maybe if you really make me believe it, I'll use you first."
"The edible kind," Clint decided, tugging his vest back on and following Coulson. Getting the look that told him that wasn't going to cut it from Coulson, he sighed. "I don't know... Uhm, mac and cheese? Bacon? I think I have some Snickers bars in the cupboard back in my room," he rambled, talking through it as he tried to decide on something. He hadn't eaten in almost as long as he hadn't slept, and it left everything sounding amazing. "I'd also go for something cooked on the stove. Italian?" He paused, then nodded as they moved into the kitchen. "Yeah. Cheese. And pasta."
Much as he was enjoying himself, Clint couldn't help feeling a little relieved at the announcement. He wanted to stay that way for a few hours, but realistically Phil's cock was a bit too much when he wasn't used to it. Anxious to get some relief, but even moreso to taste his partner's release, Clint sucked harder, swallowing and moaning around the rock hard shaft in his throat. One of his hands slid between his own legs, teasing himself as Phil used his throat in the most perfect way.
Clint couldn't help but smile a little. As rarely as they got to enjoy each other on a more physical level, it was even more uncommon that they got to simply enjoy each other's company. "I think that sounds great. We'll go with your place. Mine is a mess." It sounded amazing to get a chance to let his brain unwind a bit, maybe pass out on Nat's couch.
“Tell him.”
"Tonnyyyy," Steve whined, forcing himself to try and remember how to string more than a few words together while Tony's hand was wrapped around his cock. "Haven't I been tortured enough today?" He knew he was just this side of pouting, but if ever there was an appropriate time for it, this seemed like it. "Promise I'll return the favor." When that still wasn't enough to make Tony give in, Steve met his gaze evenly. "You were going to give me a blow job."
"You look like hell," Darien observed as he looked Clint over. Considering the mission logs he's been cataloging the day before, Darien couldn't say he was surprised. A bender was the least Clint deserved. He tried not to think too much about what company Clint had been in while he went on it. "Coffee coming up." As he moved around getting a pot started, Darien ventured, "Any word yet?"
Tony opened his mouth to agree, but only a shaky, hitched gasp escaped. He'd done more than dream about Steve, and it was something he had to figure out how to tell his lover. The words were like a knife, but the feeling of the blonde pressed against him was enough to wipe out the hurt. "I... oh, Steve," he groaned, feeling the edge nearing. Every shift of his lover's hips, his hand, drove another moan from Tony, and soon he was cumming hard over his lover's fingers, gasping out Steve's name mingled with curses and moans of pleasure.
Tony nodded. "Yeah, I'd thought of that. I'll see if I can finagle it without Fury asking too many goddamn questions." He smirked. "Also, I wouldn't completely object to you punching him. For Phil, if nothing else," he said, ruffling blonde hair. "Besides, I don't think it'd hurt him that much. And turning him to paste? Then we'd be sending Clint to the Fridge to spend the rest of his days hoping to escape and take over the world. And I think the Megalomaniac section's getting pretty full in there."
Tony gripped Loki's hips roughly, more than aware by then how much the god appreciated some pain. He guided Loki's hips, doing his best to thrust up to meet the movements, trying to strike that perfect spot inside his partner's body. Tony could feel himself getting close, and began pressing kisses, bites, and licks in equal measure on any skin he could reach, worshiping the god in the only way Tony Stark was ever going to. He watched Loki's face closely, all but forgetting the odd cast to the god's skin as Tony found himself beginning to moan with each shift of Loki's hips.
Victor didn't take long to get himself off, his claws digging into Phil's hips as he came, growling his pleasure. As he finally stilled, he smirked, nipping at Phil's neck and drawing away. With a smirk, he unfastened Phil's cuffs and tossed the key on the floor beside his captive. They didn't need to be cuffed to keep them from escaping. "I'll be back for him later," he said, jerking his head toward Clint. He gave Phil a smack on the ass before slipping out of the cell.
Phil grunted at the pain of the bruising bite. He felt the man's teeth tear into flesh enough to draw blood and winced. He honestly hoped it didn't scar because he had no great desire to spend the rest of his life with reminders from both Loki and Creed. Assuming the rest of his life involved living long enough to get a scar from an injury. At the sound of Clint's groan, he tried to turn only to find himself too harshly pinned to manage it. "Clint, stay down." The man was hurt, and the last thing Phil wanted was for him to hurt himself more for no real gain. "I'm... I'm fine. Sit."
One sappy borderline chick-flick later, Tony was giving Steve a sort of judgmental, sideways look as they made their way back out to the parking lot. "I'd say I want that ninety minutes of my life back, but at least there were some hot people in that movie, and I got to cuddle you." He glanced in the rearview mirror as they drove away, then frowned. "Same pair of headlights. Goody. We've got at least one set of camera-fucks following us," he noted.
"Now that's not true. I'm not saying that all of SHIELD is on your buddy list, but the team, the Avengers? They're your friends." He tilted his head and regarded Clint quietly as they both sipped their coffee. "If you'd showed up at Steve's door - if he was there and not in Tony's room, of course - he would have let you in too. Same for Bruce or even Tony." Their team was odd, but it worked. They worked together beautifully in a strange, synchronous way that even Fury probably hadn't predicted. "That said, I'm honored to be your friend." Sappy as the words were, they were spoken with Coulson's trademark earnesty. He meant every syllable. "We aren't always going to agree or get along, but I'm always on your side."
It was a fair question. "For killing you, primarily. I'm afraid making comments in poor taste is something I'm not likely to recover from. I prefer not apologizing for behavior I'm likely to repeat."
He groaned at the reminder of her presence and managed, "I want... Logan, I want you to fuck me until I cum, please..."
Clint chuckled. "Well, it wasn't like I had a choice." He wriggled a little against Phil and let his hand rest at the top of Phil's thigh, a little closer than strictly appropriate to much less G-rated areas. "Besides, once I figured it out, I was mostly just wondering what caliber it was," he admitted, looking at the other man through his eyelashes and having the decency to blush a little himself. "Though I just sort of assumed it was less me and more that you were bored sitting still and were thinking dirty thoughts. I mean, that's mostly how I keep myself awake in the sniper nest after the first couple hours."
Noting that they were retreating with a few would-be enemies in their midst, Clint glanced at Mystique. "So, this is awkward. Us all retreating in the same direction," he noted, keeping out of arms reach of her. Not that he had any delusions he'd be able to out maneuver her, anyway. She was easily faster than Nat, and apparently strong enough to give Steve a run for his money. "You'd be cute if you didn't want to kill me."
She waited for the rest, and when Steve didn't offer it, both eyebrows shot up, "And?"
"I like the way you look," Clint returned, "or I would've told you to change." It didn't cross his mind that Darien might not want to be told what to wear. A few guys had glanced their way. In truth, Clint was kind of small compared to a lot of the guys sitting around, and he had no doubt that a few were sizing him up for a bit of bottoming of his own. What caught his attention more, though, was the number of glances Darien was getting. He smiled inwardly to himself. He did love a good fight.
"Yeah? Hmm... I may have to look into that. There is this one guy I was kind of hoping to impress. I wonder if he digs scars," Coulson mused with a smile. He didn't really mind the scar, didn't really mind any of his scars. He just didn't care for the questions that the one on his chest reminded him of. There were too many dark corners in SHIELD, but Phil was used to knowing them all. He didn't like being kept in the dark himself. "I look forward to learning all of his too. Just let me know if you want any stories about the one on my calf where I fell out of a tree as a kid or anything. It's exciting stuff."
The sprightly girl who'd been there when they dropped the hammer off chimed in helpfully, "Only for now. We aren't sure how deep the effects run just yet. I'm sure Agent Barton understands."
Normally Tony reserved his bouncing excitement for technological breakthroughs and the possibility of getting his hand on alien tech, so Steve wasn’t sure whether to be comforted or horrified at his sudden jittery pleasure. Still, he gave a shake of his head and drifted into the living room. It had taken him a few sessions with Natasha patiently explaining everything step by step, but Steve had finally made peace with the complicated web of tech that made up the entertainment unit. He navigated the menus with deliberate ease.
“Why?” Bucky asked bluntly. “You saw me fall; no one could have survived that.” He gave a small shake of his head, then glanced back up at Steve with sad eyes. “I still don’t think I have.” His words were so quiet they were barely discernible even to Bucky’s ears. Unwilling to let thoughts of the past spoil his boisterous mood at being free at least, Bucky shrugged it off. A little louder, he added, “Steve, we were both doing our jobs. Fighting for what we both believe in. If it had been you instead of me, well, I would have done exactly the same thing. So, don’t blame yourself; I don’t.”
Clint opened his mouth to tell Phil to run, but Victor was headed for him, not his handler. Clint ducked, rolled and dodged, managing to narrowly avoid Victor for several moments before the mutant managed to catch him by the ankle, yanking him off his feet so hard that the air was knocked from his lungs. Clint felt a sort of panic wash over him as he felt Victor's weight settled over him, the mutant's hand closing on the back of his neck, metal claws scraping at his throat. The archer was certain he was about to die.
"Yeah," Logan answered, looking slightly distracted. He hoped he could play it off on the memories he'd just recalled. Explaining to Scott the romp he'd had with Tony and Steve sounded awkward at best. The tougher part was ignoring the way Steve's scent seemed to linger, and the place where Steve had touched his arm still tingled with the remembered contact. The faintest bluish light flickered in Logan's eyes as he watched Steve go, so subtle it could have been a trick of the light. "Lemme know if I can... help with anything else."
Xavier sat back in his wheelchair, looking slightly less friendly than a moment before. "The help, we'll gladly give. I'm not sure how I feel about turning over a dossier of a fellow mutants' capabilities to the government. You don't exactly have an outstanding reputation when it comes to dealing with mutants."
Between Nat and Frigga, Magneto stood little chance, and Logan quickly recovered and dove in to restrain the man with a set of cuffs he yanked from Natasha's utility belt. Thankfully, SHIELD had the sense to not make them out of metal. "You might wanna relax, Lensherr. Not all of us have a metal core. And some of us have some anger issues," he said, trading looks with Bruce, who gave him a 'you're one to talk' look.
There was a certain logic to that. A logic that Coulson doubted the doctors would agree with. Still, he pushed himself away from the wall. "You might owe some people some new radiology equipment or something." Coulson headed down the hall, determined to find someone who could get Steve out. He didn't trust Tony to see to his own health, but he knew that the man wouldn't push Steve. If Tony thought he was ready to leave, he probably was. It took longer than Coulson would have liked, but eventually he made his way back to Steve's room to find Tony at the man's bedside again. He couldn't help smiling at the pair of them sitting together looking comforted just by the proximity. "I've secured a release date." It was worth it just to see Steve smile and look like he really, actually meant it. "The deal is you have to stay with Tony and you have to keep on schedule with your meds. Thankfully not a single doctor was willing to imply that Steve Rogers would refuse to follow the rules."
"It's a date," Clint dead panned, then leaned in for a harsh kiss. His tongue thrust suggestively against Darien's as he began pumping the man's cock with abandon. He wasn't about to advertise it, but he loved the way he had Darien wrapped around his little finger. The man looked too perfect when he was turned on.
Coulson was by Clint's side in a flash. The man looked like he'd seen a ghost. "Barton?" The sound of his name and the fear in the archer's choice echoed in his ears. He couldn't help reaching out to touch Clint's shoulder. "What was that all about?"
Logan nodded, tugging Scott close again and pressing a kiss to his neck. "Think they'll let me have conjugal visits? Not sure I'd be okay missin' out on that until they manage to set me right," he rumbled, pulling Scott close. He knew that he should have gone straight to Coulson, but Scott was right there, and that was damn hard to ignore.
Curious at the question, Loki tilted his head and studied the man intently. "Nothing. This time, Mr. Stark, I believe that you kissed me." He was beginning to see that it had been more an issue of testing the waters than desire, but it didn't change the fact that Tony looked more conflicted than he should have if that were the only thing happening. Despite himself, it seemed that Tony was intrigued at the very least. "Your mind is your own. I suppose there's no reason for you to take my word for it, but it's true." Loki leaned in again but stopped shy of kissing the man at first. "It isn't so bad, is it?" he murmured before closing the gap again. Stark tasted of the sweet apple he'd been eating, the juice clinging to his lips. Loki wasted no time in licking it off.
"Well, that's good, at least, but I detect a giant 'but' in that statement," Clint said as he helped himself to the coffee. It was still a little surreal knowing Tony and Steve were involved. Clint didn't give two shits about them both being guys, not too long before they’d both been constantly on the edge of suiting up and duking it out over every student argument. Then again, hatesex wasn't unfamiliar to Clint, but he figured it'd gone past that if the place Rogers wanted to be while he recovered was Stark's suite. "I mean, if Rogers is still recovering, that's already a bad sign."
"Yes! One second." Jemma didn't bother asking how he liked it. She had a good head on her shoulders, and the first thing she tended to learn about anyone was how they liked their coffee or tea. She returned with fresh mugs for each of them in varying shades of brown and varying levels of sweetness, passing them out in turn. "I have a feeling it may be a bit of a late day." Jemma offered Bruce a private little smile while Fitz pored over something beside them. "Not quite a coffee date, but considering all the data we'll be getting, it's a relief to have the help."
Clint opened his mouth to reply with something witty and found that his voice was caught in his throat. Pulled tight against Coulson, he had little doubt left in his mind that his imagination hadn’t exaggerated anything when he'd caught the man in his PJs. He'd started the whole thing to mess with his handler. He was starting to feel like he was the one getting messed with. "Heh... yeah," he managed finally, biting his tongue a little to keep himself focused on not getting a boner. "Better at this whole dancing thing than I would've thought," he said, wondering if Coulson could tell how much deeper his voice had gotten with all the background noise.
"I do."
He nodded and slipped an arm carefully under Tony's to support him. "I've got you."
"You don't have to, idiot," Natasha answered mildly. She reached across Clint's body and felt Phil's fingers curl around hers. Her head settled in against Clint's shoulder, and the three of them sat together in silence for a few moments. It was soothing, a tangible reminder that they were safe. They weren't alone.
Phil reached up, his fingers threading into Clint's hair with a sigh of relief. "No, it isn't. Tony's dead. Natasha, Bruce, and Logan have gone with Lady Sif to Asgard to try and bring Thor around. The only good news is that Fitz-Simmons have created something that they think will get Steve back to normal." It was a small bright spot, but at least it was there. It was something. "We have three messages from Fury demanding that we get to his office and do a full debrief. Think you can handle it?" He knew that throwing himself on the grenade and going down alone wouldn't get them far. It would buy Clint and hour or two, no more, and... well, and then there was the fact that he quite frankly didn't want to go someplace that Clint wasn't.
"You may not want to date Coulson because you're becoming him," Natasha returned as she started to load her tray, utterly ignoring the look of shock from the server on the other side. She didn't particularly care what the woman thought. "Besides, I already promised that I would behave as long as other people behave." She got them both cups full of coffee and set one down on Clint's tray. "Tell me you wouldn't clock someone if they said something bad about Steve. Really, say it, and make me believe it."
Logan reminded himself that Scott hadn't even been around as he reached for a shot. "Kinda might have to agree with that," he said, though he really hoped Scott wouldn't ask for details. It sounded like an awkward proposition to have to explain that to his lover. He then tilted his head at Nat, smirking a little. "Is that part of the training for you guys? Startin' to get the feelin' that's just how business is done around here."
It was honestly humiliating going through the whole thing, but it was hard to argue with the fact that once he'd showered and changed and had a baggie full of antibiotics and ointment, he actually did feel a little better. Phil made his way out and paused at the sight of Clint passed out in a chair. He should have gone back to his room, should have been getting some real, decent rest. Instead he was propped up in a plastic chair waiting, and Phil couldn't help but be charmed by the visual. He made his way over and put a gentle hand on Clint's shoulder. "Hey, let's get you somewhere a little less awful to sleep."
Phil's jaw clenched momentarily, but no other outward sign betrayed how much it hurt to think about Audrey. "She doesn't know I'm alive." The smile that followed the words was bitter, not warm. "I'm not exaggerating. She literally doesn't know. It... she had moved even before the incident with Loki. After, she was at the funeral... she... she'd moved on. She had closure. Our shelf life as agents isn't great. There was no point in telling her just so that I could get myself killed all over again." By the time he finished speaking, Phil's hands were clenching the wheel tight even as he fought to keep his tone neutral.
"Oh, yes, right." She put her shoulders back and grinned. "Agents Coulson and Barton are back. They're safe. Well, relatively. They went to medical, but it was routine, I suppose, and they're still being debriefed, but they're back!"
They were on the outskirts of the city, and Logan didn't want to camp too close to the slave operation and arouse suspicions, so he made a point to get a good hour's worth of road behind them before he picked a hotel. Fortunately, not many people were stirring so late, and it was easy to sneak Scott into the room he'd reserved without catching someone's eye. Logan handed Scott a change of his clothes. "They might be a little big, but they'll cover ya," he said.
Bucky frowned, then stared over Steve's shoulder with a faraway expression. Something at the back of his mind clicked and, in a flash, he saw Tony Stark writhing beneath him, begging to be fucked with a raw need that was almost frightening. He blinked and gasped, trembling slightly as he shook his head as if to dislodge the vision. "Yeah," Bucky agreed shakily. "I don't think I'll ever be ready." It was probably for the best if he and Tony never met face to face. Things were difficult enough. "If you're gonna be busy tonight, does that mean I'll have stay here?"
“I appreciate the sentiment,” Steve allowed carefully, “but I need to handle it myself. I don’t think Tony’s up to seeing you yet.” Most of the team seemed to agree. He remembered the icy stare Natasha gave him when he told her he was going to share a suite with Bucky. “I’m not even sure I can get him to see me. I’m starting to think convincing Coulson it’s a security issue and getting SHIELD to break down the door might be easier than getting close enough to have a civil conversation.” Steve took a deep breath. “Sorry. None of that’s your problem. I guess what I really need to do is stop talking about doing something and go down to the lab and sit outside the door until either I get in or he comes out.”
He rolled up his sleeve and held his arm out at once. "Do it."
Clint glanced at Nat. "You don't have to," he said. "I mean, I don't mind, but..." He sighed. "Well, I guess I did promise you an explanation, anyway." He leaned a little closer to Phil as if for reassurance. "And I'm not doing it here, not in the cafeteria."
Clint paused, raising an eyebrow. "That seems awfully generous," he said doubtfully.
"I wish she didn't," Coulson answered honestly. He hated the thought of it too, the idea of putting the woman into bondage when she was already so bad off. "In this case, I think the director has a point. We didn't know that Logan or Summers were so far gone until it was almost too late. Realistically, even hurt Natasha could do a lot of damage before we could contain her if it came down to that. Right now, I want to put it to her. I think I know what she'll want."
"I might stop being able to stay up three nights in a row," Clint agreed, though he was feeling significantly better. "Glad I finally caught up on my sleep, at least. Sort of, anyway." He frowned, sobering a little. "Guess we've still got a lot of work to do. I just hope that whatever Stark and Banner come up with, they can figure out a way to fix everybody with that hammer." He sipped at his coffee again before muttering, "Maybe we should go check on it," on impulse. //Wait. No. I want to stay the hell away from that thing.// "Or not. Probably not," he amended. "Dumb idea. We can just stay here, drink coffee, talk about merch."
Though he still felt a thrill of fear at the thought of what the hammer might do to Clint, Phil nodded. "Agreed. At this point, things that end with him being in tiny, mashed up pieces are an acceptable risk." He was sure as hell not letting anything happen to Clint, but he was going to live to see Loki die. That was only fair given that the god had been responsible for his death and now his torture. Worse, Clint's torture on more than one occasion. "Actually, I wonder if we can get Fury to tell us how he brought me back so we can kill him more than once. I think that might make me feel a little better."
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"I forgot what it's like not to be hungry," Scott answered with a flicker of a smile. He eased himself up carefully but was pleased to find that his back didn't ache quite as much as it had the day before. He sat down at the table and tucked into the food as quickly as possible while remaining vaguely civilized. By the time he was finally slowing down, Scott had his thoughts mostly in order. "I got jumped. Downtown New York, and I get jumped. I guess they'd been following me for awhile, knew who I was. For all I know they were watching the school and saw me leave. For what they get paid, it's possible." Scott took another bite and let himself breathe deeply. "I'm not sure how long it was before I woke up. For awhile it was all being tied up and dark vans, and I didn't know what was going on. I thought it was Magneto or someone. Someone we knew."
Not entirely pleased with the fact that the bloodlust seemed to be bleeding out of the group at the revelation of Stark's apparent wellness, Sif broke in, "Now is the time for action. We have put off this sentence too long."
"Turnabout is fair play." Loki eased his pants down over slender hips and gracefully stepped free of them. Already his cock was hardening at the prospect of the evening ahead. A bit of companionship was the perfect way to celebrate his victory with Logan. Stepping in closer to Victor again, Loki sank to his knees and placed a rough bite on the mutant's hip. "All to your liking?"
"About half as good as you look all hot and hard and... why exactly am I not flat on my back yet?" It didn't matter how fast they were going, it still didn't feel like enough. Scott shuffled away just long enough to kick free of hisunderwear before plopping down next to Logan and dragging him into another kiss by the hair. He hadn't missed the way Logan thrilled every time he said something dirty. "I want you to get me ready, and then I want you to fuck me."
Clint glanced sidelong at Bruce. "Isn't that kind of your thing?"
Steve was finding it difficult to breathe or think, and oddly enough Thor's brash display gave him a sharp moment of focus. "We will. As soon as we find them." He rose on shaky legs and was on the verge of leading Thor downstairs - he suspected the same image was being broadcast to the rest of the display screens in the building as well - when the camera pulled back yet again and another figure came into view. Seconds later the audio cut in along with the image. "That's... that's Bucky." Whether he agreed with Coulson or not about the likelihood of the man still being at all himself, it was impossible to see that face and not react. "Which means that Hydra definitely has Tony, and we have to get him out of there."
Coulson covered his face with his hands and cursed whatever stupidity had persuaded him to keep Natasha and Clint as his assets for so many years. Most people had the sense to cycle out, to try new teams. Most people didn't put themselves in these situations. "I hate you, Barton."
A trip to the bathroom and a quick reapplication of the salve from medical topped off with a clean, pressed suit left Phil feeling close to normal. At least as close as he was capable of feeling after what they'd been through. He emerged and hesitated for only a second before taking Clint's hand. He caught a brief look of surprise at the gesture, then shrugged. "I don't feel like taking any shit from anybody at the moment. I want to hold your hand. I may hold your hand the whole meeting... if you're okay with it." They walked out together, and it helped. Silly as it was, that small bit of connection made it a thousand times easier.
It was an awkward ride back to headquarters, not in the least because Logan had insisted on driving Tony's very expensive sports car at insane speeds down the highway. That aside, of course, there was the angry silence hanging over everyone. Tony managed to keep his hands to himself, knowing Steve wouldn't let him do anything with Logan right there.
"I think we might owe her a whole bottle of the finest vodka I can steal from Tony's bar," Clint decided, smiling at the pink tinge still lingering in Phil's ears. If he hadn't known the other man, he would have missed those little cues, and he suddenly felt lucky to have a chance with someone he knew so well. "He still hasn't noticed his missing rum, so..." He smirked, leaning in closer to Phil, fingers lightly running over the top of one of his handler's thighs. It was strange spending time quietly talking with someone. It occurred to Clint that he hadn't even just sat on a couch and made out with someone in years. He took the coffee cup from Phil's hands and put it on the end table behind him. Still smiling coyly, he lightly brushed his lips to Phil's, then drew back enough to look into the man's eyes. "I think I'd like to just touch you... if that's alright." It seemed silly considering what they'd done in the club earlier, but the quiet, unhurried moment seemed to call for more than simply pouncing on the other man.
"He seems pretty together," Darien agreed. "I'd tend to think that his professional opinion is likely to be right." He still didn't understand the half of Loki's story, but from what he heard, Coulson had been in the thick of things the first time. He didn't believe half the stories, but if some of them were true, they were all in trouble. "They have any idea what the dick wants?"
Across the room, things were going equally well.
“Yes. Thank you,” Phil added as the man stepped aside to let him in. “I apologize for the lack of notice, but… well, to be honest, I wanted to speak with you while Captain Rogers was otherwise engaged. I want to discuss what you’ve been through, and the more your memory comes back, the more likely you are to remember things you may not be comfortable discussing around him. You may display symptoms that are similarly… distressing, shall we say.” Coulson took a seat at the kitchen table and gestured for Bucky to join him. “Sometimes it’s easier to talk to someone who isn’t a friend. You can’t disappoint the expectations of a near stranger.”
Darien almost protested, but it dawned on him quickly that there were better things to come. He stripped his t-shirt off over his head and awkwardly managed to shimmy free of his jeans and boxer briefs as well. Unable to resist, Darien gave himself a long, slow stroke as he looked up at Clint. "Now where do you want me?" He had more than a few suggestions, but Clint struck him as a man with a plan, and Darien doubted he'd appreciate an overabundance of feedback.
Bucky glanced down at his hand in Steve's and felt a nervous flutter in his chest. "It's not your fault," he murmured, meeting the other man's gaze again. "Apparently saying the wrong word sets me off. I don't even remember what happened, but your Agent Coulson handled himself pretty well." A pang of guilt made Bucky hastily add, "I'm just glad I didn't hurt anyone."
"Nope. I don't kid. In case you haven't noticed, I don't have a sense of humor," Phil answered as he started a pot of coffee. "I had it removed when I joined SHIELD. At least that's what the newbies say." Of course he also made a point of making sure they all believed it with every fiber of their being. "What do you want in your omelette?" There was something to be said for being feared by most of SHIELD. It made life easier. It was also the main reason he wasn't planning on trailing through the halls holding hands with Clint and making googly eyes at him - no matter how much he wanted to.
"You look good when you smile," Clint decided, then blushed a little. He knew Phil wouldn't care that he'd said it, but it just sounded ridiculous out loud and he'd said it before he'd gotten a chance to think about it. "Sorry. A little off-topic. But you do." In spite of his best efforts to not eat like he was getting shot at, Clint was already done, and he put his fork down and grabbed his coffee cup to fiddle with it. "And... you know, our outing the other day," his ears burning a little as he realized, "I guess it was... kind of a date, huh?" He felt a little bad about it in a way, knowing now how Phil felt, knowing his handler had been wanting it to be a date and that Clint himself had been friend-zoning Phil as hard as he could.
"Yeah, we'll all be sitting around, munching shwarma, and I'll be like, 'Remember that time Logan's brother tried to cut me in half, and then Steve and I stayed in bed all day and fucked like animals? Best thing, ever.' Everyone'll get a kick out of it," Tony said, giving Steve a wink to let him know that he wouldn't go that far. The billionaire didn't need it spelled out for him that Steve would probably rather keep the gory details of their relationship between them. He pecked a kiss to the end of Steve's nose. "It'd at least be worth it to watch you blush."
Logan fell to immediately on receiving his orders and moved to pick Victor up. With the adamantium skeleton, Victor's dead weight was too much, though, for Logan to simply scoop up. "Little help?" he asked, eyes fixed on Clint as the most obvious choice.
It warmed Steve's heart to hear that Tony had been worried. He let his eyes close and smiled. "Hopefully you'll be better soon and there won't be a fight for awhile. Then we can take that vacation and neither one of us can worry." None of those things would fall into place, but Steve liked to pretend they would. He shifted, moving carefully upward until he could kiss Tony's lips. "You up to a little playtime before I pass out for a few hours?" He wanted to connect with the man so badly he could hardly stand it, but Tony was the one who really needed the rest.
Creed managed to touch him in ways that were unnervingly gentle, ways that would have been enticing if the situation had been different. Their captor even saw fit to gently tease him open as opposed to the brutal way he'd taken Phil, managing to draw a few involuntary whimpers and gasps from Clint as he fucked him slowly. Clint kept his eyes fixed on the ceiling, not wanting to associate any of it with his lover, hating the idea that Phil even had to be there for the assault. The archer felt overwhelming relief as Creed finally finished with him, leaving with only a few mocking words for Phil.
It had hurt like a bitch being shoved away and then falling to the floor to boot, and it took Darien a moment to catch his breath. "Fuck," he sighed only to realize he was being asked something. The words reverberated slowly through his skull, and he forced himself to look up into Clint's burning gaze. The sight alone drew a groan from him, and his hips shifted in a desperate plea for more. "Fuck me," he requested only to realize that wasn't nearly enough. "I need your cock inside me. I need you to fuck me so hard I can't walk tomorrow."
It was both good and unsettling to realize that Logan knew them, at least to a degree. It meant that their reputation was most definitely not on their side or it might have done more to sway Logan's opinion. Steve's first instinct was to put some time into calming the crowd, but they were taking care of that themselves by fleeing the scene entirely, save for those too drunk to really care. Instead of helping the effort, he kept his gaze locked on Logan. "If you want to fight with someone, I think we both know I'm more of a match for you than Tony, but I don't think a fight's going to help any of us. From what I read in your file, you want more out of life than cheap whiskey and cigars... or has Director Fury overestimated you?"
"I prefer to think of it as playing God. Jarvis?"
"Not quite as much as we'd like. We've found a way to make it play nicely with the arc reactor, but at this point... at this point, there's still no chance of survival. It's a one shot that might hurt Loki but would certainly kill the user," Simmons grumbled. "Which, of course, with Logan is still temporary, but that's... well, it isn't exactly what we want to have happen." She sounded genuinely put out by the idea, but she brightened as she looked over the array of items available for breakfast.
~*four days later*~
"Not planning to, boss."
"Pixar." Logan repeated the word as of trying to get his head around one of the deadliest agents in SHIELD watching cartoons. He tugged Scott to the couch and settled him in, then turned to the DVD collection. He grabbed the copy of Finding Nemo and tossed it into the player before settling beside the other man with a smile. "I guess it makes sense. They're kinda trauma-proof."
