Adam looks like he wants to say something, but he doesn’t.  He just takes the crumpled piece of paper Dean has been wrestling with for the past ten minutes and expertly secures it around the glass.
There were times in his life where he didn’t go two days without imagining what it would be like to get out, but just as often he has felt in his bones that he would die doing this job, a blaze of glory, the only thing he could do that meant anything.
With a shaky breath he steps into the room.  Lit only by the light spilling in from the hallway he can just barely see the far wall, the spot where he stood when—
When Dean is almost out the door, Adam calls after him, “Merry Christmas Eve Eve,” and Dean doesn’t even chuck a bough of holly at him, because he is trying to be chill.
“Nothing.  I think it’s great that you’re, uh, curating Death’s music collection.  Maybe when you’re done you can teach wraiths to hustle pool.”
Brady blinks at him, which is when Dean realizes that Brady has not, otherwise, blinked so far in the conversation.  Possibly ever.
“He has made clear his policy of non-interference, so the effect is the same.  If I may continue?  Chuck gave Death individuality, and in so doing, gave Death free will.  You can see how that might cause problems.”
“We kind of have transdimensional neighbors,” Sam says.  “And Dean gave them a bunch of old cassette tapes, because he’s Dean.”
Dean has spent the past six months Not Thinking About this for a reason.  Because he knows, objectively, that wandering around his post-God life all pathetic is not what Cas wanted for him.  But also, if he thinks at all about the concepts of “Cas” and “want” at the same time, he winds up wandering around his post-God life all pathetic, finally understanding what the hell this thing was between them only after it was gone, realizing that Cas was carrying this around with him every damn day for who even knows how long.  Meanwhile all Dean had to offer was himself, all obliviousness and resentment and a lifetime of unexamined Stuff between him and other men fearing that if he looked at those feelings head-on, he might not flinch.  It would be such a dick move to dispute Cas’s dying words, but he thinks if he could have him here, right now, the first thing he’d say would be,
“I don’t know, I still gotta wrap presents.”  Sam gives him a look.  “What?  I got stuff for you guys, too.”  Probably.  If he can figure out which thing goes to which person.
“I guess.”  He doesn’t actually remember ordering anything, but admittedly parts of Tuesday night are a bit hazy.  Whatever crazy bastard invented two-day shipping, he’s not sure whether he wants to punch them or shake their hand.
While they’re still trying to work out the seating logistics, Adam arrives back from town.  He tosses something to Dean, but since Dean has his arms full of Miracle, Cas steps forward and catches it instead.
He hears voices in the hall and leaves through the other door.  He’s not avoiding Sam and Eileen specifically, he just can’t deal with people right now.
“I think I knew that.”  Snow is still falling lightly from the golden haze of the late afternoon sky.  Flakes land on Cas’s hat and shoulders and melt there.  He holds his hands out in front of him and flexes his fingers.  “I don’t know what I know.  Should I be able to feel these?”
Dean swallows the insults that rise in his throat.  Always rage is his first instinct but he knows it’s no use here, needs to hold down his temper, needs to be better.  Is better.  Brady may look like a weirdo kid but they are still the latest incarnation of the most powerful being Dean has ever had to deal with.  And, as far as Dean can tell, actually not a total dick this time around.  He can handle this.
Dean thinks he should have made a run for it when the credits rolled on Snoopy, but it’s too late for that now.
Sam is busy cooking some monstrosity out of avocado slices and bread crumbs.  Dean goes to open the door.  The dog follows him, which makes him feel a little better about the whole thing even though it probably shouldn’t.
“Which is great,” Dean says.  He’s being an ass again.  He knows it, but there are these mistakes he keeps making, over and over.  “Eileen is great, you’re great, the whole thing is awesome.”
“When I was, you know, sharing my body with an archangel, the future didn’t seem to matter much.  I mean, Michael never said, but I knew that he knew that something was going down with God.  And he didn’t have a plan for after.  Maybe he always planned on dying.”
With the pulling of a truly outrageous number of strings, and no shortage of favors called, Adam is declared legally not dead.  There’s a whole sob story invented that Dean doesn’t bother to follow, possibly involving a cult.  Adam enrolls in online college courses and gets a part-time job in town.  He’s studying philosophy instead of biology this time around, even after Dean points out to him that being a doctor is probably going to pay way better and Sam tells Dean to leave Adam alone and let him follow his passions and they are sort of, almost, a family.
Adam finishes the last present.  Dean tried to follow his lead, with some success, but it’s still pretty obvious who wrapped what.
Brady blinks and the music stops.  “I am attempting to make the reading room a more welcoming environment.  Some of our number harbor reservations about this space, since it has been defiled by such violence.”
“Natural?  I am a natural phenomenon.  My function is as essential as gravity, yet the Creator saw fit to give Reapers personalities.  I believe He found it amusing.  Now, with no guiding force to command the threads of existence—”
When he sits down the ancient desk chair shrieks loud enough to wake the dead but Cas doesn’t stir.  He looks much like he did when Dean last saw him, much like he always does, except that time he was crying.  Now he just looks peaceful.  That was all Dean had ever allowed himself to hope for, that somehow, Cas could find peace.
The phone sits silent on the table as he finishes off the pie and puts the plate down for Miracle to lick the crumbs.  In the distance but also all around them, Patsy Cline sings about leaving.
Sam seems to know what’s on Dean’s mind, because he stands up, walks over, and claps a hand on Dean’s shoulder.  “This is happening.  I don’t know what it is, exactly, or what it means, but it is happening to both of us—” he glances behind him, and under the table where Miracle is still hiding, “—to all four of us, and that is as real as it gets.  So come on, we’re not leaving him on the floor.  It’s Christmas.”
Miracle runs ahead and trots back to Dean and tries to pick up things he shouldn’t.  They pass paved roads that lead off to gravel roads that lead off to homes where families are living their lives.  Cars and trucks roar past him from time to time, cutting close enough to let him know just what they think of crazy people wandering on the side of the road.
“I am fine,” Cas says.  He stands, takes a step, and very nearly falls on his face.  He catches Dean or Dean catches him or probably both.  The Santa cup clatters to the floor.
“Yeah, I don’t think so.  You kids have fun, though.”  He’s struggling to wrap a box.  Shouldn’t boxes be easy?
It must be close to midnight, and Miracle lies by his feet sleeping as soundly as Sam, but Dean isn’t tired at all.  He feels wired in a way he associates with being on a hunt—the apprehension, not knowing what’s going to happen next, those times when something is coming and you just have to wait and hope you’re ready to meet it.  Which is ridiculous.  He knows exactly what’s going to happen.  The sun will rise and they’ll open all these presents and eat breakfast, in that order because neither of his brothers have their priorities straight.  He’ll get to see Sam’s face when they show him the reindeer photo.  The world keeps turning.  Something will come up, if not tomorrow then some other day, and they’ll go out and fight and save some more people.  Sam and Eileen will get married and it will be stupid and romantic and Dean will probably cry and then never live it down.  Adam will finally graduate and then they’ll all get to find out what the heck you do with a philosophy degree.  The world keeps turning.
“Back in his day, vampires were vampires,” Emily says, bleeding lightly on the backseat of his car as she mocks him.
“What?” Dean says, having gotten distracted by the lines in Cas’s sleeping face.  There’s nothing unusual about them, it’s just… Cas’s face.  Which he thought he’d never get to see again.
She walks him through the complicated ritual of the dogs’ food and treats and shows him the drawer of takeout and delivery menus which would scream “single person” if he didn’t now know better.  Then she’s off to the airport.
Thanks to Sam, Cas got in on the planning part and informed Dean that they absolutely have to visit the covered bridge capital of the world (it’s in Indiana) and he had this light in his eyes so damn sincere about it and yeah, okay, they’re doing this.
Dean blames the postcard.  Greetings from Ireland, best wishes from Mrs. Butters.  One flimsy piece of cardboard, and Sam remembers that holidays exist.
Eileen comes to check on them a little while later, sees Sam fast asleep, and goes to fetch a blanket.
“It’s a Douglas fir, Dean,” he says, and Dean watches with inexplicable and growing unease as Sam, with Eileen and Adam’s help, begins to deck the halls.
“It does if the two incidents are connected.  Look.”  He pats his pockets and pulls out several inches of curly red ribbon.
Then Dean finds himself pitching forward in his chair, and the room is back to normal: flickering old bulb overhead, Cas sprawled on the mattress, no neurotic specter of Death staring at him like he’s a particularly interesting species of insect.
“I think about you all the time.  When I’m falling into old habits and being too hard on myself or whatever, I think of you.  What you’d say.  You know, have more faith in yourself.  Eat healthier.  That kind of thing.  It’s always your voice in my head.”
Dean wakes up late the next day and is grateful for the empty kitchen as he nurses his headache with coffee and toast.  He’s been having weird dreams again and if they keep up he’s going to have to start considering them omens, and he has had enough omens to last him several lifetimes.
“I was thinking of starting a dog rescue,” Emily says in place of hello.  They haven’t talked since Dean’s visit but she texts a lot, mostly from her many business trips and vacations, and Sam eyes him like he’s thinking of asking for his money back.
“I mean we thought we found you a nice girl with shared interests and instead we found you a nice lesbian friend.”
Dean says, “Socks.”  Miracle jumps up on the bed and begins trying to bury his seabird in the blankets.
Thank you for following along with this story.  It will conclude with an epilogue sometime soon!  In the meantime, follow me on
Without the threat of Chuck hanging over her head, Eileen comes to town for dinner a couple times a month.  She’s still hunting, mostly living out of motel rooms and her car even though it’s obvious that Sam wants to take the Next Step.  Dean teases him about everything in his relationship except that.
“Yes, that is what we’re talking about.  When was the last time you saw me all wound up over a chick?  Woman.  Whatever.  I’m not you, man.”
Sam makes a face, then reaches out and gently shakes the shoulder of the body that Dean doesn’t dare think of as—
“It’s… difficult.  To talk about.”  He lays a hand gently against Dean’s arm.  It’s the first time since he’s been back, Dean realizes, that Cas has touched him on purpose, of his own clear volition.  The first time since the last time.  Were his hands always this warm?  “You’re not doing anything wrong.  I am not very good at letting others take care of me.”
Dean sneaks into the kitchen and grabs some wrapping paper.  He takes the silver-and-blue striped one—it’s less obnoxiously Christmas.  Sam seems to have learned his lesson, and doesn’t come poking around trying to get Dean out of his room.
“Morning,” she says.  She doesn’t mention the ring.  Should he bring it up?  He so completely doesn’t want to.  He looks at the packages instead.
It’s been a while since he felt the need to carry a gun in his own damn home, but he tucks a pistol into the back of his jeans and goes to the artifact room.
Dean passes him the little plastic cup and a spoon and watches him pick out the bits of strawberry and eat them, leaving most of the actual yogurt part in the cup.
There’s a body sprawled on the floor at Dean’s feet.  There is a body.  In a tan trench coat.  On the floor in front of the Christmas tree.
She gives Dean her business card before she leaves.  He has every intention of losing it, but Eileen gives him a Meaningful Look to rival one of Sam’s so he stashes it in the compartment with the spare knives instead.
“Look,” he says around a mouthful of crumb topping, “nobody’s forcing you to keep doing—what is it you do?  Run stock portfolios for demons?”
It takes Dean a second to remember their conversation from several days ago.  “Something about homework?”
“No, really?”  Adam sets the little package next to the pile on the desk, where it makes Dean’s effort look even more pathetic.  “Why don’t I help you with the rest of these, and then you can come join the party?”
“I remember the darkness.  The floor was cold, but the bed was comfortable.  And you were speaking.  Was there music, or did I imagine it?”
After dwelling on the issue all week, Dean mentioned the possibility of going away to Sam, who reminded him that he could just… go.  Just get in the car and drive.  It’s that easy.
He knocks before passing through the door to the library, out of some vague superstition that this might keep anyone on the other side from stabbing him on sight.
“You know that’s bullshit.  I get that marriage, commitment, that stuff isn’t your thing, but you’ve been distant and cagey for weeks, so what is it?  You still don’t trust Eileen after all this time?”
they exclaim in colorful letters accompanied by cartoon animals and at least one teen movie star whose name Dean has forgotten.  Literally, what the hell.
Miracle is restless in Dean's arms.  He loves Dean a lot, but there’s a limit to how much he’ll tolerate having his liberty restricted.  “Okay, time to go.  Cas, get in the car.”  With a final meaningful glance down at the shirt, Cas complies.
Dean felt so weak whenever something like this happened. He hated, both the feeling and the situation. He could cry with how bad he felt, but, in his head, this would only make him weaker.
He couldn't believe he got this close to kiss Cas. The last thing he needed was to reveal his feelings to him, he couldn't do that to himself or to Cas.
Well, that guy was the devil himself and Dean didn't feel sorry for him. Unfortunately, bad people or not, there was still a ghost killing people and Dean still had a job to do.
"It's okay, Dean. It's okay, you don't need to be fine all the time. You can break down, you can even cry if you want." The angel ran his hands up and down the man's back, trying to comfort him.
The woman tightened her lips, looking suspicious but nodded anyway, opening the door for Dean to enter while both Alphas stood dumbfounded outside.
"Dean... it makes no sense. Being with an Alpha won't make you less of a man, less of a hunter or less of a person." The tall brother said, sounding sad.
Once inside the house Dean couldn't help but notice how everything looked like a house decor magazine from the 60's.
"Good morning, Cas." When Castiel first entered their lives, Dean was always surprised when he woke up and there was someone else awake in the house or hotel room, since Sam always wakes up after him. But after all this time? He feels weird when he gets up and Cas is not there.
Dean looked at the ground, ashamed. "I'm fine." He said "I don't know if Sam told you already, but...I'm... I'm an omega, Bobby. I'm sorry."
So since the fire, Dean swore he'd always protect Sammy, he'd never let anything hurt his baby brother. Sammy was his responsibility.
"I have already told you, Dean, I am always here for you." He says, voice dripping with sincerity as he approaches the man. His deep blue eyes fixated on Dean's green ones.
"The ghost must be linked to an object, then. I should check if any of the victims visited the same stores recently." Sam said.
Alisha didn't say it, but they could feel how much Mr. Smith being dead was a relief for her. Lillian talked about her with distaste, but she still wanted Lillian to be happy and free of that man.
He knew it when he was nine and he overheard a conversation between Dad and another hunter named Gordon.
"I'm fine, Sammy." He answered, although he couldn't be farthest away from fine.  He could still smell the heat on himself and he felt disgusting.
"A lot better, yeah." He said, as he poured a cup of coffee to make himself a little more awake. "Thanks for... y'know, talking to me about those stuff."
But Daddy had said that Dean would have to help to take care of little Sammy, because now there were just the three of them.
Dean stood up, realising he had enough information to go on and wanting desperately to leave that frozen-in-time house.
The boy spent a full week suffering from the heat. Besides the shameful arousal and the desperate need for an alpha, he also felt massive amounts of pain on his lower belly.
"Yeah... I guess I am." The older brother said, taking a deep  breath to try to calm himself. "I'm sorry."
John started drinking even more and getting even more angry at everything and anything. He just couldn't forgive his son for being an omega.
"Huh... I-I guess I could." The man answered, scratching the back of his head in discomfort. "There was this asshole who kept saying that I shouldn't be involved in an investigation, that I should just be getting a knot somewhere else. I answered him and he called me a bitch and started to grab me by the arm..."
"No one would think that you're weak for admitting that you're hurt. " Castiel said, frowning as if he couldn't understand why someone would think such a thing.
"It's fine, Sam. You did good, that guy would never listen to me." He said. "Let's just go, ok? I don't want to be here anymore..."
The girl was clearly an Omega. She was young, but not a teenager. She was beautiful with her long curly brown her and hazel eyes. But if you look attentively you'll notice she has the face of someone who bears the weight of the world on their shoulders.
Maybe it was the already vulnerable situation that his emotions were in after what happened, but Dean felt his eyes burning.
So, basically, all they knew is that the first victim was a sick son of a bitch, and that the second one had no family they could talk to. The plan was to visit the third victims parents the next day.
Sam wanted to punch the guy in the face right then, but he knew Dean hated when he wanted to fight his battles for him. The Alpha decided to give his brother a little more time before he intervened.
When John got too tired to go on, he just threw his son a disgusted look and left. Didn't even say where he was going, he just left.
"Two of our three victims were regular clients of this bar, so I think it's our best bet to get in there and ask around" Dean suggested.
"No, Cas, I can't... I really can't." He said, already feeling weak for letting it be known how upset he really was.
"C'mon, Dean, you behave like a high school girl who's too afraid to confess to her crush." He said. "Really, man, it's written all over his face how much he likes you. Why don't you just say the words?"
And, in fact, a few hours later the three of them, disguised in their FBI suits, were talking to Lillian Smith, the first victim's wife.
Right, angels. The thing is that there's one specific angel who has been by their side for a long time by now and has manage to catch-all of Dean's attention and affection. That angel, of course, is Castiel.
"Just forget about it, Sammy." He said. "You know what I think about all of this and you can't change my mind."
It was just a quick peck, actually because soon the reality of what Dean did crashed on him and he pulled away.
Dean took a deep breath. It was hard for him, this kind of discussion... He knew that not being with Castiel was destroying him inside, but he promised himself that he would not become the typical house omega that every Alpha wanted. Even though Castiel was kind, gentle and respectful, Dean knew how Alphas always ended up wanting their omegas to be like. And Dean refused to be that.
He paused, waiting to see if Castiel would say something to him, but he just remained quiet and very attentive.
"I won't allow two unmated Alphas inside my house." She said, crossing her arms and narrowing her eyes at Sam and Castiel.
"Yes, of course. He was a proper Alpha." She answered. "You don't seem to care about those things at all."
Bobby felt mixed emotions hearing the news. He was happy that, at least, Dean would be fine, but he was also angry and disappointed that John caused this much damage on his own boy. Also, he felt guilty for never realizing that John would be capable of something like that.
"I should be used to it by now, really. It's not like this didn't happen all the time. Fuck, it was so far from being the worst... " The Winchester said. "But I guess I just let that get to me this time..."
Cas approached him slightly, with a frown on his face. Dean tried not to stop eye contact but it was hard when just looking at those bright blue orbs made him want to scream "screw it!" to everything he knew about himself and dive right in.
Away from Castiel and his stupid lips, away from Sam who kept encouraging him to be with Cas, and hopefully, away from his own feelings.
So of course Dean would be an Alpha. He had to fight on his own, he had to be strong for himself when no one else was.
Lillian gestured for an empty space on the sofa and he sat down. She was obviously not very welcoming, judging by the hard look on her face.
"You know, I remember when Father created humans... He didn't make Alphas, betas and omegas to divide the human race. Father wanted you to have something that brought you closer to angels, something for both his first and his most important creation to have in common." He told him. "Personally, I think that when, all that time ago, Alphas started imposing themselves and trying to prove they're the best group... I guess that was the final straw for Father to abandon his creation."
John kicked and punched and slapped and whipped. Dean screamed and begged and apologised and shouted.
"Now that you mentioned, I did feel very cold suddenly. When I went to turn on the heater, I heard my husband screaming in the yard." She told him. "He was just getting home from work. When I got outside, he was already dead."
"I think it is a great idea. If customers know nothing, then I think, at least the barman will have something to say about them." Castiel answered, to no one's surprise, agreeing with Dean's idea.
"Okay. What about talking about what happened in that bar, Dean? Can you do that? And more important, do you want to talk about it?" He asked. "If you do, I am always willing to listen."
John came back later on that same day and even though Dean wanted desperately to hide what had happened, there was no way to hide the strong omega scent in the bedroom.
"Yeah, Sammy. Go back to sleep... I just..." He didn't even know what to tell his baby brother. God, he was so fucking ashamed! Dad would tear him a new one when he's back, for sure.
"Of course you can, John... just take it ease with the boys, ok?" He said, a fake smile on his face.
"Our across the street neighbour, Alisha Roberts, hated the way our family worked, for some reason. She would want him dead, for sure." She added an afterthought. "But I don't think she has the guts for killing."
The creature appeared out of the blue while Dad was checking another room. It got very close before Dean managed to pull the trigger.
Later, reliving those moments in his head, Dean realized that if he had missed, he'd have died. There's no way Dad could have made it in time to save him.
Don't get me wrong, Dean does sleep around a lot, but just with betas and even with another omega once or twice. After everything he went through, he refuses to do anything that would prove how much of an omega he is. To Dean, being with an Alpha means submitting to them, which means to be weak. And after spending his whole life hearing how weak and useless he is for being an omega, all he wants is to stay as far away from his omega-self as he can.
Laiba and Usman are more than happy to help cook the three of them a meal whilst Emery and Catharlo take a seat at their table, the young boy Adri seating himself beside them and firing question after question at them, some relevant to their quest, others not. It seems only rumours have spread this far to the bottom of the continent of angels appearing in great numbers but it’s as far as the rumours go.
Castiel shakes his head. He wants Dean to know the truth – that the angels would never have even thought of slaughtering others. But the truth is too far. The truth is too much. “I don’t know, Dean,” he lies. “I was only a boy.”
It’s why Nyree only allows the feast but tells that they will be sleeping just outside town. Wise choice.
Castiel’s slight smile falters, the newly branded scars on his skin itching. “I’m assuming a meeting has finally been called.”
“Fuck, sir. Don’t make me feel too good about myself.” Castiel laughs softly and if anything, Dean’s smile grows broader.
“Of course. Don’t worry about your dishes. Those working in the kitchen will fetch them,” Nyree says, beginning to grab their packs. He sees Castiel attempt to pick one up and Nyree waves him away. “You need to rest,” she says, voice quieter.
“Lights went out, came back on, and there he was.”  So Dean leaves out the part about the thunder and the fact that he kind of maybe had a premonition about this.  It’s probably all in his head.  This entire thing, actually, is likely just another crazy dream brought on by too much eggnog.
“The packages you ordered.  Now…”  And Sam literally shoos him out the door.  Miracle stays in the kitchen, because Sam has food.
“You know I’m not really one for the whole spiritual thing, but I like to think it feels different.  To have someone upstairs who actually gives a damn.”
He passes through the kitchen again and grabs food more or less at random: a banana, a few more Eggos, a yogurt cup, two granola bars, a box of peppermint bark.
“So,” Adam says as Dean scrapes the last of the cheese of his dinner plate, “are you coming to movie night?”
“You will still possess the key, should you require access to the library, but if you mean that our two dimensions will no longer be linked across the cosmic plane, you are correct.”
There are people on the edges of the hunting life, the ones who know the truth about the world but choose to stay out of the fight, but watch from the sidelines for fun or profit.  The sort of people Dean grew up looking down on.
He catches up with Dean when Dean is semi-secretly sneaking out later that morning to go buy some health-free food, and Dean winds up leaving him at the local library for a couple hours.  On the drive back to the bunker, Adam says,
It’s one of the more relaxing weekends he’s ever had in his life.  The first night is dicey when Juliet and Ava start to realize Emily isn’t coming back, but he follows the goddamn novel-length instructions Emily left for him and sits with the dogs in the big TV room and watches home renovation shows until they settle down.  (The home shows are a key part of the arrangement—he tries switching to baseball for a few minutes, but the Royals are losing and Juliet gets agitated almost instantly, so he turns it back to the guys with the paint swatches.)  Miracle, for his part, is utterly patient with the whole thing: Ava trying to climb all over him and Juliet refusing to let him in the kitchen when there’s food in her dish.  Dean tells him (out of earshot of Emily’s dogs, of course) that he is the best dog.
She’s different. And yet, still the same as he remembers. Warm. Beautiful. And there’s nothing that he could possibly say in this moment. Even if he could will his mouth to move – will his lips to take shape around words. So, he doesn’t try. Only sits there quietly, eyes never averting to somewhere else and takes her in over and over, each time his mother becoming impossibly more and more real.
Dean’s eyes are terrified but his hand is gentle when he cradles Castiel’s own and presses it to his stomach.
The thought terrifies him. Claws up his throat and clogs it so he cannot speak. But he doesn’t need to. He’s led immediately to the large weapons hall where he can already smell what’s inside although he can tell they have tried to drown it out with other essences.
The king sighs, releasing his hold on him. “I see. You’ve decided to take me for a fool. You’ve decided to choose a filthy animal over your own kingdom. Perhaps, my servants will make you think twice. Let yourselves in,” he calls, and the door grinds loudly open once more.
And despite the reminder of what they’re doing, convincing his friends he’s about to have sex with Castiel Novak, Dean takes the opportunity, knowing he may never get another chance.
Dean doesn’t waste a moment, straightening and striding off in the other direction. After a short while, he slows his walk, attempting to appear casual in case one of the generals passes by the aisle.
It’s a hard workout, everything getting soaked and their shoes being weighed down by the water from the puddles they run through but since Castiel is out with them, there are few complaints. Although Castiel attempts to keep his distance from Dean, he can’t help but notice him every second, whether it’s because he’s running beside him or somewhere in his peripheral vision, or whether he’s talking loudly or laughing with his friends – it doesn’t matter.
He doesn't know how long they've been walking for, perhaps an hour, but he's never been so relieved when he hears the light sound of waves breaking on rocks and he's never felt anything more beautiful than the ocean breeze that hits his face. Sam must hear and feel it too for he glances back towards them, slight joy alight on his face.
But today, Elaria crosses towards them. Castiel walks a few paces ahead of Dean, hanging back with Sam himself.
As his tears subside and they fall back into quiet, Dean lies down beside him, Castiel turning over to face him, noses almost brushing. They keep their hands to themselves, resting in between them as their eyes trace every bump and speck of each other’s faces.
But by the end of training when Dean has barely spoken to him or looked at him at all – not even a sir thrown in there somewhere – the sinking feeling only grows.
“Because you didn’t tell anyone what happened, did you?” Sorrow finally flashes through Michael’s eyes but it doesn’t feel like he always imagined it would. It only aches deeper, settling into his very soul. Tears fall freely when he finally speaks. “You didn’t tell anyone that on the night of my thirteenth year, I took a dagger to my wrist and slit it wide open.”
"What?" Dean waits for him to take in his surroundings, keeping his hand on his shoulder for comfort. "Oh," Sam says, when he sees Castiel beside Dean in the carriage. Apprehension replaces the confusion in his eyes but he nods his head solemnly. Dean feels guilt claw at his insides. If he could have, he would have left him behind. This is too much for him - he can't even imagine how much it is for Sam. And this is only the beginning.
“You know what, Cas?” he interrupts, harsh and unforgiving and so entirely done as Castiel meets his gaze. “Fuck you.”
“Well, we did pluck him from the streets and give him the option of either this or a lifetime in the dungeons. I think I’d be frustrated too.” Dean crosses his arms at Dimarus seemingly taking Castiel’s side – a
“Trust me, you’re not.” Castiel’s smile grows even larger and impossibly more beautiful and Dean has to force himself to drag his eyes away.
But even when he goes back…they can’t do that again. They can’t be together, even in the shadows and the dark – they can’t. It seems easy now, with the distance between them but he knows that when he gets back…it will be harder than anything. Dean’s the first person in years who’s cared for him like that, who’s even held him like he did when Castiel broke. And now that he knows that his feelings are reciprocated--
“I only did because I wanted you to be different.” His eyes are pained when he looks up and Dean softens beneath them. “To be the one person to see through all of it but…” he shrugs, “how were you to know?” He pauses, mouth twisting but his eyes stay trained on him as he says, “I hated that you made me like you. And I knew you liked me too.” His lips curve up at that and Dean can’t help but mirror it. “But it hurt to be around you, knowing you still thought of me that way.”
Telling him Mary’s story is harder. But like it did for him, he can see things falling into place for Castiel too. It’s hard to speak of how of course it meant that it was the demon that saved him that night. Harder still to speak of how if they had just spoken, they would have known of the time difference. Would have figured it out sooner.
“Yeah, it is.” The water is pristine, twinkling where the sun reflects off of it. “I used to come here when I was younger with...” His smile begins to fade. “But I haven’t really been in a while.” Castiel suddenly feels special – like he’s being shown something private. And something tells him that what he was going to say was he came here with his mother. “Anyways.” Dean waves a flippant hand, turns, pulling off his golden bands and starts to undo the buttons on his jerkin.
He stares at himself in the mirror everyday until he begins to feel comfortable in his new unblemished skin. He tells himself that when he closes his eyes, his scars are still there, hidden beneath this new layer. It doesn’t matter that they are gone now. He will never forget them or what he went through.
Remus was fast. Dean had expected as much. Unfortunately for Remus, Dean was a hell of a lot faster. He grabbed the slim man by the back of the neck, kicking him in the backs of his knees so he slumped to the ground. "Your pretty quick. It's a shame you aren't quicker than me though, you probably could have lost me closer to town if you were lucky, but it appears your luck is elsewhere tonight."
"What are you? Some kind of fag-" The boy didn't get to finish his sentence. Castiel forbid it as his knuckles connected with the boys nose. Castiel grinned at the boys fear as he stumbled backwards and landing on his ass in an attempt to return to his girlfriend, his left hand trying to stop the gushing blood falling freely from his crooked nose as his right hand helped shuffle his weight backwards. Castiel approached him calmly, his nice dress shoe coming down in a sharp motion on the boys head knocking him unconscious immediately.  He quickly approached the girl in an almost feline manner, simply grabbing her jaw and moving it in a swift motion until he felt it snap beneath his hand. She was still alive, barely, paralysed beyond fixing. Castiel would return to her when he was finished with the boy.
Dean thinks. The man, Remus, doesn't seem on edge, he held his shoulders straighter to appear taller and less wiry, almost like he'd walked the street in the dark a hundred times before tonight. Maybe he had. Dean would never know.
Dean grinned at the newspaper that morning. He knew what it would be, but that didn't make him any less excited to see it. In large, bold font at the top of the front page, the writing stood out perfectly on the weathered paper.
. His thoughts quickly returned to his task at hand as he lit his smoke, taking a draw before taking the cigarette between his fingers and looking at the man approaching him. He assessed the man quickly, the same way he did every time. Remus Williams, 6'2, Skinny, but probably lean and fit, it's hard to be certain with the suit he's wearing, it's a size too big.
Suddenly he was in no mood to simply observe. He wanted to make an acquaintance of the green eyed killer. He wanted to meet him and speak with him. To see how alike or different they were. But if the killer didn't live up to Castiel's expectations, Castiel decided he would simply kill him.
Dean sighed. "You can't tail for shit. You've never done it before. Why start with someone like me?"
"Fine, i'll make it quick". His movements were quick and precise, as if they had been done a hundred times before. They had. Dean watched in amazement as the deep crimson splattered over the cement pavement and ran freely from the gaping slice in his throat, down Remus' clothed chest and stomach. He watched as the blood spread, making the worn suit Remus was wearing stick to his figure.
“Dean Winchester,” Brady says, closing the book.  “I was beginning to think you wouldn’t return to this place.”
Cas looks from the snowglobe beside the bed to the cup on the floor and back to Dean.  “I will eat the yogurt.”
He thinks he’s heard it before, but just kind of assumed it was Sam watching a movie in another room or something.  The acoustics in the bunker are pretty weird.  But now it’s just him and his dog at home alone and the call is coming from inside the house.
Dean does not let out an undignified yelp.  Under the circumstances, any yelp would have to be considered dignified.  He turns.  Sam turns.  Eileen peeks around Sam’s shoulder.
He’s relieved—at least he hopes he can be relieved—to see that it’s only Brady.  Death.  On this side of the door, inspecting the seams in the stonework.
“You know what?  I’ll figure something out, alright?  Great.  Cool.  Listen, I gotta go, but good talking to you.  And I’ll be in touch about the tunes.  Bye.”
“Whatever.  You can have an early mid-life crisis and buy a Ferrari and adopt fifty dogs.  But it doesn’t go away.  Everything you know, everything you’ve done, it’s still there.”
Dean knows that’s true about Cas like he knows it of himself, that he was hell anytime he got sick as a little kid, that he keeps his shit bottled up tight no matter how much Sam wants him to share, that he’s been pissed at Cas for months for saving him in a way he can never repay.  And maybe he’s trying to make up the difference right now, but he’s not about to cop to that.  “It’s easy,” he says instead.  “Just do as I say.”
After all these years Dean is plenty used to Cas looking into his eyes like he’s staring straight into Dean’s soul, and Dean can give as good as he gets.  Cas blinks first.
Oh, for the love of…  They are not having the conversation Sam thinks they’re having.  And Dean doesn’t enjoy the idea that Sam and Eileen are scheming about his love life.  “I’m not a dog babysitter, Sam.”
“You’re on.  Either way, I’m standing by my advice.  Call her.  You’re good for more than petty crime and killing monsters.”  He’s looking at Dean with his big sad eyes and Dean completely cannot deal.
Sam can make fun of Dean for being friends with Death, but Dean can make fun of Sam times a thousand, because Sam has a girlfriend.
Dean meets Emily the Monster Consultant through Eileen.  Sam is tied up with a witch-related thing north of Omaha, to which Dean wasn’t invited because he’s “unnecessarily hostile” towards witches, and Eileen isn’t exactly the biggest fan of witches either, so she offers to let Dean in on her case.  Adam is two weeks into his semester and gets an even-more-intense-than-usual look in his eyes anytime you ask him how it’s going.  Brady has been playing nothing but showtunes for the past three days.  Dean agrees to go with Eileen on the condition he gets to drive.
“You were dead, Cas, I don’t expect you to have gotten me anything.”  This gets no reaction except maybe a slight increase in the intensity of whatever the hell is going on with Cas’s face right now.  “OK, let’s go.”  He puts the presents in Cas’s arms and ushers him out of the room.
Maybe, Dean thinks as he closes the library door behind him, that will be his weirdest conversation with Brady, because it will be the last one.  It’s for the best, right?  Probably shouldn’t be getting too friendly with Death.
Emily the Consultant calls around ten.  Adam has gone back to his books; Eileen is tucked up against Sam’s side at the far end of the couch; Sam is snoring gently, having fallen asleep halfway through a documentary show about zoo animals.  Dean happily leaves the room to take the call.  He really doesn’t want to find out if the baby sea otter is gonna die.
His no-people policy is put to the test when he runs into Adam in the bunker library.  Adam is sitting with Miracle, who hurries over as soon as Dean enters.
Adam, who spends most of his time in his books and in his own head, looks at the lights and tinsel with the least complicated smile Dean has ever seen on his face.
The fact that this fic runs more than 10k before ever mentioning Castiel’s name yet it is defined by his absence is metacommentary on every minute of my life I spent watching the show waiting for Castiel to be mentioned let alone to actually appear.  Thank you for your patience as I indulge this decade-long resentment.  There is a special treat in the next chapter for everyone who has made it this far.
“For the record, Sam specifically told me to leave you alone.  So if you’re gonna get pissed at someone, be pissed at me.  But I can help, if you want.”
There’s a sound in the hallway and he forces himself to tear his eyes away from the bed to look at Adam, who has come to gape at Cas.
Cas is warm and breathing and his heart beats under Dean’s hand on his chest and they are both alive.
No, he doesn’t.  He has his brother (possibly two brothers now, which may be one too many) and a job he loves (because he’s never seriously tried to do anything else) and, goddammit, he already has a best friend.
Brady straightens their shirtfront and shakes out the cuffs, a nervous gesture, the most human movement Dean has seen from them.  “I’m sure I did not say that.”
Dean tells himself there’s no harm in leaving Cas alone for a little while, that he’ll be here when Dean gets back or he can come looking for Dean if he needs anything.  He tells himself several times.
“Because of the cheese and in spite of the bullshit.  It’s like being a kid again.  For a few days, it’s like none of it ever happened.”
Dean notices it one afternoon when Sam has gone out for a grocery run.  It’s been maybe two weeks since they kicked Chuck’s ass and Jack fixed the world, and things have been pretty quiet, but not unnaturally so.  With no world-ending cataclysms, their network of hunters is back at full strength, leaving him and Sam with less to do.  Monsters aren't gone or anything, but Dean is left wondering how much of their caseload before had been drummed up by Chuck, trying to keep them busy or teach them “lessons.”
Dean was mostly joking and figures Sam doesn’t have the nerve, but three nights before Christmas, Sam takes Eileen out to dinner, looking about as stiff as he did the first time they went out.  Which, wow, was almost a year ago.
He finds his phone in the pocket of his coat, which in turn is in a pile on his floor where he left it two days ago.  Oops.  But everyone who might be trying to get in touch with him is in this bunker.  Almost everyone.
“Don’t you get tired?” they’re saying.  “It’s the same shit over and over, wake up, live your life, lie in bed for a few hours so you can do it all again tomorrow.  Don’t you just get fucking exhausted?”
“You didn’t listen to anything I said, did you?”  When Dean just gives him a blank look, Adam says, “about the holidays?”
At least the dogs are cute.  They’re dirty and scrawny and one of them is little more than a puppy.  They’re skittish at first, but living with Miracle has taught him a thing or two and before he knows it the little one is sitting in his lap in Emily’s motel room and Eileen is showing her pictures of Miracle on her phone.  Emily treats them to dinner, weird expensive vegetarian stuff, but Dean doesn’t turn down free food even after years of not technically being broke anymore, and anyway, she totally owes them.
He turns to go, but his feet don’t move.  Shit, did he really come here, here of all places, unarmed?  How stupid can you get?
“Yes,” she says.  Then she holds up her hand so he can see the rock.  He takes a good look, like he hadn’t already seen it the other night.
“Because I’m bored?  And I like dogs?  Why else do people do things?  Anyway, you have a dog.  Where did you get him?”
The sarcasm is probably not wise, but luckily Death ignores it, instead examining the tape deck and prodding the buttons.
Emily’s dogs like Dean, but Miracle loves Emily, rolling over and showing her his belly at the slightest opportunity.  Dean tries not to take it personally.
Dean recalls what he said earlier in this very conversation.  “I told you I listen to you,” he says, but Cas is laughing.  Leaning against the shelves, doubled over laughing.
“Hey, who’s taking care of who, here?”  But he does lie down, still holding tight to Cas’s other hand.  “I don’t want to miss it.”
“Shut up.  Anyway, I’m quitting.  No more monsters, no more demons.  I’m doing the dog thing.  Drawing up paperwork, looking at properties.  I don’t know, maybe I’ll just renovate the house.  I just… want her to be part of it, you know?”
“Your theory is bogus.  Cas summoned the Empty in a completely different part of the bunker, and when he was gone there was—” his breath catches, and he forces the words out “—there was nothing left.  No bond, no ribbon, no nothing.”
“If even Death has free will, then all that binds us is what is possible.  Therefore, if it is possible for Castiel to live, why should he not live?”
“Well, picture a girl version of me,” Dean says.  The look on Sam’s face is worth the price of admission to this bitch-ass annoying conversation.
, a freaking air fryer, a few other assorted and baffling items, and five, count ‘em, five Walkmans.  Walkmen?  He takes a moment to be thankful for Charlie and her magic credit card, because those can’t have come cheap.
Cas sighs.  “It’s difficult to think.”  He studies the blue and white lights strung around the garage and sways a little.
The packages Dean apparently ordered are stacked on the table where Eileen sits, taking notes from a dusty old lore book.  He’s not looking for the ring, but he sees it anyway.
“It is a pink sleeveless shirt,” Cas elaborates.  He unfolds it and holds it up for Sam and Eileen to see.  “The text on the front reads ‘mutt slut.’”
“I know I don’t have to.  But it’s what I know how to do, so you can tell me to fuck off, or tell me what I’m doing wrong, because I’m flying blind here.  All I know is what Brady told me, which doesn’t explain why you’ve been blacking out, or getting cold, or—”
Sam takes a break from alphabetizing magical artifacts (c for cursed, d for do not touch, e for extra cursed) to give his completely unwanted opinion.
“Yeah, his left shoulder.  Where Cas made a mark when he pulled Dean out of Hell.  They have,” he tells Eileen solemnly, “a bond.”  How does he even keep a straight face?
Well, that can be fixed easily enough.  He goes to pull the key from the brick doing its very best door-handle impersonation, but the key won’t budge.
He thinks it must be the first time in thirteen years that Sam has let himself just enjoy the goddamn holidays.
“I think you think that your life is some kind of hell you were sentenced to when you were a kid, and that everyone off in the so-called normal world is living the dream while you're out here suffering nobly.”
Cas frees one hand from Dean’s grip and raises it to cup his cheek.  Dean leans into the touch, his eyelids heavy all of a sudden and he’s not even sure why.
“That would be a yes.  Water?”  Dean passes him the glass without waiting for an answer, knowing how Cas is when you offer him stuff.
What would a vampire even want with a dog?  What happened to good old drinking blood and terrorizing the innocent?
Cas narrows his eyes.  He still hasn’t moved except to barely lift his head.  “If this were a dream or a trick you would not be pointlessly arguing semantics with me, but it could just be a very realistic simulation.”
Apparently the night before last, presumably sometime after his chat with Brady, he ordered three pairs of socks with football players’ faces on them, a set of children’s books called
The elevator music is still playing, faintly, and there’s actually a not-Death person in the reading room shelving books this time, a young woman in a black sweater and pink hair who gives him a suspicious look and otherwise ignores him.  So Death got at least one person to come back to work.  Good for them.
“You’re obsessing.  Mom always said I got too focused on problems, too invested.  She said I got that from my father, so…”  He shrugs.
They give Dean a look that is far too knowing for his comfort.  “It is true that Death and the Empty are inherently linked, but there is a natural order to take into consideration.  And as I said, I would not wish to replicate any past animosity.  The previous… disagreement between Billie and the Empty left the ranks of Reapers depleted.  I do not take this lightly.  I hope you can understand.”
“Ain’t that sweet.”  Dean sticks a bow on top of the box and calls it good enough, then digs into his dinner.
“You’re always welcome here,” Sam tells him earnestly.  “Whether you just need a place to crash while you get your bearings, or, you know, if you want to stay.”
When he’s sure Adam is out of earshot, Dean says quietly, “Hey, Cas, I don’t know how holy you are these days, but I could really use a sign right about now.”
All of this is exactly what Cas was arguing against.  Dean has been feeling a lot of things since Cas’s confession.  Too bad
“Not to apologize.  Well, I’m going to, because seriously, the last thing I wanted was to make things worse for you.”
, not just a random person, but every time he looks over and recognizes the face beside him, then he has to look away and forgets.
“If I avoided this room just because it holds unpleasant memories, the unpleasantness would only grow with time.”  He casts Dean a knowing glance.
“If you’ve got a problem with those guys in the back, you’d better talk to them, because I don’t think I can.”
The music isn’t terrible, but it’s not exactly good, either, just some kind of light-jazz-elevator-music stuff.  He doesn’t want it to be something to be concerned about, but nothing is supposed to be able to get into the bunker, and just about everything that’s ever managed it is dead or gone, these days.  So chances are it is something to be worried about.  Dammit.
“Everything hurts,” Cas says.  “The world is loud.  I keep thinking that this is most likely a dream and any moment I will wake up to find myself still alone in the dark, except that if this were a dream, I wouldn’t be so damn uncomfortable.  And you would have listened to me.  But you never—you never listen to me.”  He winces and reaches up to massage his temple, and Dean notices the strip of fabric clenched in his hand—his tie.  No, the new tie, the one Dean gave him.  “Even in my dreams you never listen.”
He keeps a smile on his face until Sam and Eileen are in the car, until Adam is out the door for his last shift at work before the holiday.  Then Dean decides to treat himself to a little Christmas nog, heavy on the whiskey, light on the nog.
There’s a big fenced-in space out back, green and shady with trees.  It looks so much more like a place for dogs than the dusty fields Miracle runs around on back home.  Emily tells him how she stopped up all the puppy-sized gaps in the fence, how the mother dog, Juliet, tears through every toy Emily buys for her in a matter of hours.  The vet said she’s two years old and the puppy is six months, that they were underfed but otherwise healthy when she got them, but they’re wary of everyone and everything and protective of Emily to the point of being a little dangerous and she wonders if living with monsters is something you ever get all the way better from.
He tries not to look too much like he’s running away.  The door slams shut behind him, the key still stuck fast in the wall.
Full offense, actually, because if this job is good enough for Dean and Sam and John and Henry Winchester, it should be good enough for Adam Milligan.
Miracle, ever impervious to the cold, runs off to do his business and get in some quality frolicking time.
“So why are you hiding in your room and hanging out with Death, the Death, rather than spending Christmas with your family?”  Sam looks at the door, then back at Dean.  His tone is softer but cuts just as deep when he says, “You’re allowed to miss Cas, you know.  But I don’t think he’d want you to cut yourself off like this.”
Dean’s first terrible thought is that Cas is literally dying, that he just got him back and has to lose him again, then a few more pieces slide into place.  How fragile he seems, how tired, confused, frustrated.  Used to existing in way Dean can’t begin to comprehend, and once again reduced.  He’s only dying as much as Dean is—slowly, unavoidably mortal.
It was one of the hardest things Dean has ever done not to laugh watching Sam cower at his cell phone, the day after the non-end of the world, trying to figure out how to answer Eileen’s texts.  He put the phone down on the table, then picked it up again, then set it back down and turned it around for Dean to see.
“Probably.”  The subject of her dogs carries her for several minutes as usual.  Sam comes with Miracle, and puts food in the dog’s dish before getting started on human dinner.
“He woke up.  Meanwhile, you haven’t slept at all.”  Dean is not going to sleep.  Sam has to get that.  “At least a bite to eat and a change of clothes.”
“Okay, please don’t elaborate on that.”  Emily texts him whenever she sees a cool car or meets a dog and he sends back stories about Miracle and pictures of weird or funny stuff he sees on the road.  They don’t really talk about work, and it’s weirdly nice to have this thing that isn’t about violence or the makeshift life he’s cobbled together from the pieces of everything God tried to destroy.  Emily won’t engage in conversations that have the big-G-word in them, which is one of the things Dean likes about her, even if it’s not the way Sam and Eileen were hoping he would like her.
Sam seemed to be trying to speak without success for several seconds before he finally settled on, “No.”
Every little thing that Cas has done since waking up, Dean picks apart, catalogs, tries to fit them into the vast constellation of the Castiel he knows.  It’s him, it’s really him, it has to be him.
The dogs follow them around as she gives him a tour of the gigantic house she inherited from her grandfather.  When Dean asks her how the old man made his fortune, she just raises her eyebrows.  So, maybe he’s not the only one with a family business.
Then she’s the one doing the dragging and she gets Sam to leave, though he shouts something over his shoulder about lunch.
Isn’t it, though?  Didn’t Cas die for Dean’s recklessness, only to get dragged back from his final rest by the fact that Dean can’t leave well enough alone?
“It was always just mom and me at Christmas,” he tells Dean, who has finally failed to avoid this conversation.  “But she always tried to make it special.  Even when I was spending most of December bogged down with studying for exams, she came and dragged me out of my room to celebrate.”
The tape appeared on a table in the bunker library one afternoon, no sign of where it came from except that Miracle was on edge for the rest of the day.  No label on the box, but Dean couldn’t sleep that night, so he put on headphones and gave it a listen and it wasn’t half-bad.
“A ribbon, then.”  The vision shifts into something a little more ribbon-y.  “Strung across this room at chest height, so that you walk into it every day, so that you have to keep ducking under it and maneuvering your life around it.  A trifling thing, to be sure, but an annoyance when you are trying to rebuild the entire network of reapers after significant metaphysical upheaval and after someone killed half the organization.  If you could make arrangements for this ribbon to be relocated without dismantling the fabric of the universe in the process, I imagine you might have done the same.”  They wave their hand and the ribbon contracts into a single point of light, then fades.
Until he was. And when Dean blinked, their sword was piercing through Castiel just as the darkness above them burst and vanished.
So perhaps, the prophecy is all a lie. Just a tale told to give the angels hope. To give the world hope. No fallen angel. No demon. Only two gods. Or perhaps, Leuric intended it that way.
Castiel feigns nonchalance and after a little while, and about one hundred different insults and swears, the prisoners move to the other side of their own cell and leave Castiel alone. Castiel’s own hands tremor every once in a while, although he tries not to notice. But how could he not? Michael never prepared him for this. Castiel certainly never thought about it. An ignorance on both parts.
Dean pulls the same move he taught him all those nights ago – the same one he used on Dean at the festival after the incident with the pig – and he’s pinned to the ground, Dean merely inches above him.
“He was a natural fighter since birth. I was not. He trained me for years to even come close to being as good as him. And it took years after that until I finally became better than him. I believe he was both proud and furious at the same time.” Believe? No, Castiel knows. He remembers the mixed look on Michael’s face as he’d started to win their fights in training.
“It could be that a fight broke out between the five prisoners and after, Castiel and the other two prisoners chained them up.” Dean nods. It does seem most likely. But he can’t know for sure.
“Perhaps.” She brushes the hair from her face and Dean notes how much brighter she seemed than on earth. Her eyes were so dull and lifeless. Here they are just as he remembered.
Castiel is lost when Dean finds him and together with Sam by their side, they trudge to Dean’s old chambers. To his old chambers.
"Sam," Castiel says, suddenly, rising in his seat. Dean turns then, only to find his brother with his head down, tears on his cheeks.
Both of those in question, Dean notices, are eyeing Castiel quietly. There’s sympathy there, sadness but something else too. Awe.
“Still as enthusiastic about this new guard as you were before, Your Princliness?” Dean groans, pushing off the door and walking towards Dimarus’ desk.
Dean’s chest swells, something rising in him with every day he sees Castiel fight. With every day he comes into his power.
Dean’s eyes grow softer then and his smile is small but so, so beautiful as he says, voice quieter now and with so much conviction as though he’s already seen it come to pass, “You’re gonna save the world.”
Castiel was born into a broken life. And the luxuries he did have – his mother, his father, his friends, his home – all of it was stripped from him. He’s done nothing but suffer in this world. He had four months of bliss. Nearly five. And that was it. Everything before and after – all of it pain, although the pain that came before seems like a pinprick compared to the pain that came after. He shakes the thoughts from his head – he can’t be dwelling on this now.
She curls further into his side and he doesn’t flinch away. Because it’s Elaria. His best friend. And he would know her and Kyra’s touch until the day he parts this world.
“Oh, I’ll be savouring it.” Castiel grins and Dean laughs half-heartedly. “So, don’t fuck it up, cause there’s no way in hell I’m giving this money back. Just say something mean like I’m a dick or rude or whatever the fuck you think of, and if I look mad or sad, don’t ruin it, I’ll play my part, you play yours, alright?”
Castiel has never been to Terrowin before. Before the invasion of course he’d never been anywhere but Iowan. Despite that it still is apart of the Northern Continent, it’s quite different. A mix of cultures although the infrastructure is distinctly Torric. And the people are quite the mix themselves, Yeojin and Akwanyoans perhaps even outnumbering the Torric amongst them. It is a port island after all.
“Cas,” he says, quiet and gentle but it’s as though Castiel doesn’t even hear him. He slowly walks towards him until he is beside him and ever so carefully reaches for the dagger, taking it from his hand.
Castiel laughs and nods his head before holding up his notepad to continue their conversation from before. But just as he looks up, he sees that Dean’s eyes are wide and mouth is open wide in shock. Castiel quickly turns the notepad around to see what has caused Dean’s strange reaction.
Dean decided not to push them just yet for the final bet – the one involving staging sex – not when they’re this low in morale.
“That’s ridiculous. Like seriously? No one has asked you to prom? I mean surely at least one person has -”
Once he’s finished, he doesn’t continue on to another. He merely sits, eyes trained on the darkening sky.
And Brady and Seb are slapping him on the back and saying some shit about how that was fucking harsh but he fucking deserved it anyway but Dean can’t hear them. All he can see is the broken look on Castiel’s face and he feels like there’s something he doesn’t know – something Castiel hasn’t told him because that wasn’t just acting, was it?
“Okay, well, how about this?” Castiel takes a step closer, holding Dean’s eyes. “Dean Winchester. Will you please do the honour of putting your hand on my phallus--”
If Castiel had not healed his leg, he’s not sure if he would have made it this far. Although Michael is a hurricane beside him, never straying far. He takes down man after man until he’s so soaked in blood, Dean’s not sure if any of it his or if he would even be able to tell.
He walks out into the dining hall, stomach tied in knots and startles when he sees an unfamiliar face standing outside of Castiel’s chamber.
He closes his eyes. “No, I’m sorry. I thought you were someone else.” His voice breaks as he stumbles backwards.
On either side of the bed are two smalls tables, a few books stacked on both of them with small lanterns and a bell hanging above.
They’ve been going at it for nearly an hour when Castiel finally puts his pen down, leaning back in his chair. He stretches his arms up above his head, eyes wandering around the room while Dean’s eyes wander to where his shirt rides up and gives him a view of tan skin and dark hair.
The shame still festers in his gut, not letting him go. With the hour or so of sleep he had last night, he dreamt of Michael. He’s never feared himself. He’s never had a reason to. But now--
“Perhaps. But you weren’t the one that started all of this. I shouldn’t have revealed my wings to you.”
He can feel his chest starting to cave in and he bends over slightly fighting for air. The door opens in front of him and Dean is there through a lens of blood and Castiel pushes through into their dining hall and runs straight for his chambers, bursting through the door.
She flinched hard at the question.  For a moment, She just stood there looking surprised at how fast he guessed what went on in her house.
Bobby shouted at the top of his lungs when John Winchester finally showed up at his door looking for the boys.
Castiel wrapped his arms so tightly around Dean that he felt like he could barely breath, but he had never felt as safe as he did at that moment.
"Yeah, babe, I'm new in this town, never saw them before. But what about you? Why is a pretty little thing like you involved with this case, huh? Shouldn't you be at home taking it from an Alpha?" The guy asked, smirking.
Of course, as Dean was a single omega in a dirty bar in a small town, it didn't take too long for a unpleasent situation to happen.
There were a few seconds in which they were just looking at each other. Only it was deeper than that, they could look right into each other's souls.
"Look, I was at home on my laptop when he got killed. You can check my search history if you like." She said. "I can't kill him while I'm typing, right?"
"Hey, hey, don't say that, kid. Just don't. There's nothing wrong with you for being an omega."Bobby started. "I might be an Alpha, but my mom was an omega. My dad treated her very badly, but this wasn't her fault for being omega, it was his fault for being violent and cruel. It's not different with you."
And he wonders, with exhaustion sweeping over him and forcing his eyes to slip shut, how he went so long without this?
But Dean’s breath is warm against the side of Castiel’s jaw, and his every touch feels more and more like home.
It takes a little while to get there on horseback and especially with the streets so packed but Dean doesn’t mind the meandering. In fact, he welcomes it. He’s not exactly excited about meeting with Charlie. And there is a phantom hand around his heart that seems to squeeze tighter and tighter with each step they take.
Reyne flicks his eyes over an angel going through their sword forms. “Xandria,” he calls, and the angel’s head lifts and Castiel recognises them as the one standing guard outside the cabin yesterday at the meeting.
There is no darkness in his eyes when he looks Dean directly in his own and says, “I’m so glad you are okay, my son.” His eyes flick behind Dean then and suddenly his father is stalking passed to envelop Sam in a tight embrace, the cheers booming across the gardens.
In the end, it’s the angels he thinks of and their lifestyle and culture that they look down upon. That
And when he does, he has Nicolaus’ blade falling from his grip, hand bloody as he kicks him to the floor.
In front of them, Dimarus is shouting at his men to secure the princes and to pursue Castiel, four already racing forward with intent on capturing him. And Dean can't help it, heart spiking in fear, craning his head over his shoulder just in time to see the allies bursting from alleyways on either side of the square and racing to Castiel who's pushing himself to his feet, one hand held against his chest as his face twists in pain. And then they are there, the allies grabbing him and dragging him backwards, Castiel stumbling before they turn and race as fast as they can out of the square.
“They were smart to hide away in the Ellwood, I’ll give them that. There’s no tactical advantage in sending my army to war there, knowing they would have a decade of knowledge of the lay of the forest. So, this evening I will make an announcement.” Dean swallows, knowing what he is going to say. “To the entire kingdom. And I know some of their own will be listening. It won’t take long for word to reach the rest of them in the Ellwood. And then, we’ll settle this once and for all.”
Castiel watches them as they carefully pull the dagger from its side and push it back into a wooden crate that sits behind it before wheeling it away.
He crouches down to pull the keys to the door from the belt of one of the guards before standing. No sound comes from the inside of the chamber but it still has Dean's palms sweaty. He can do this. He can save him.
Without anything further, the guard begins, piercing in between Castiel’s shoulder blades with his dagger. Dean grits his teeth, holding back the emotion that sits as a lump in his chest. Castiel’s entire body tenses, the sound of his heavy breathing filling the room, building and building.
Unsurprisingly, Castiel doesn’t pick up his phone but he still tries it six times before bothering to leave a message.
“Look at him!” His father grips Castiel’s jaw harshly between his fingers but before he can say anything more Castiel spits in his face. Dean’s eyes widen, heart pounding as his father jerks back before backhanding him across the cheek, leaving a trickle of blood that spills from his mouth in its wake. And it’s a moment more before one of the guards is behind him and pulling a bag down over Castiel’s head, tightening it.
But as his fingers curl around the handle of the door, Castiel speaks behind him, quiet and hesitant.
Dean claps his hands together, eyes now extremely interested in the queue for the cinema. “You know what, we’re here now and might as well take advantage of it like they clearly wanted us to.”
He meets her eyes then and they’re searching, confused and Dean squeezes his eyes shut at the sudden emotion that climbs up his throat, his lower lip trembling.
A spark of something brighter flashes through Castiel’s blue eyes, a sad smile pulling at his lips and hope sparks like a flare inside Dean’s chest.
Castiel’s eyes flick down to the money in his hands before he takes it and for some strange reason, laughs.
Especially since their daughter, barely three years, was left behind with no mother or father to raise her into the Queen she would be someday. A mother and father it was likely she would barely remember.
“Fuck, Cas, I am so sorry for what I said. I never wanted to make you uncomfortable. I just - I - I don’t know what came over -”
Castiel can suddenly feel the stark touch of dried blood on his face. But it’s not dry. It’s wet and it drips down his face, drowning his skin. His throat burns from screaming and from the inhaled smoke and ash. He claws at it, he claws at skin and feathers and now the blood is enveloping him, spilling into his open screaming mouth--
“Dean,” Castiel says, gazing over his shoulder briefly to see if any of his friends are here – because why else would he come early? – but finds no one.
The castle has been secure for a week now. There have been no outside attacks and few civilians have shown their faces at the walls.
Dean had been heartbroken. Castiel, however, hadn’t even apologised nor given him much of a reason for the sudden change. And it only broke him more when once Castiel left, they barely spoke. Until they didn’t speak at all.
With his free hand, Dean points an accusing finger at Castiel’s chest, eyes darkening. “So, maybe you’re not as good as you think you are.” Castiel doesn’t bother opening his mouth to respond, just staring straight back at Dean until of course, there’s a small, anxious cough next to them.
Dean turns on his heels to face her. “You disappeared on the same night Castiel was saved by you! But I didn’t know that. I assumed what happened to Castiel was on one of the nights following the first night of the invasion. Specifically, the last night because when he mentioned them burning pyres I assumed it was something they’d do once all the fighting was over. Because I would have known. Because how can you disappear from the royal castle of Anathee and arrive that same night all the way in Iowan to save Castiel?” Mary understands and she softens. He thinks she probably pities him now. For how could he be so stupid? “So, if Castiel and I had just spoken, if I had just asked him then I would have known it was the same night and known it was impossible. And as for the angels, I--”
Dimarus glances back at Dean, holding his eyes a moment before he nods. “Of course. You’re right, I…” Dimarus swallows and if they were alone Dean would tell him anything at all to reassure him, to try and make up for the pain he has caused. “Just as long as you both are okay and not in need of urgent treatment.”
William and the boy, after having their own share of food, excuse themselves to discuss the route for tomorrow and suddenly it’s only Castiel and himself, alone with V and the older man, hands cupped around a mug each.
They find themselves at what appears to be the local pub or at least the most popular one residing in the centre of the city. Since it’s only early morning, there aren’t many patrons inside. Castiel heads straight to the man behind the bar, not bothering to seat himself.
“Oh, I don’t know what’s gotten into him but I’m sure he didn’t mean it like that,” Mary says, attempting to save him but Dean and Castiel don’t take their eyes off each other so he doesn’t miss the way Castiel’s jaw ticks before Eve finally draws his attention away as Deanna, thankfully, starts up another conversation.
,” he says, a thick layer of sarcasm present but when he meets Castiel’s eyes they’re not laughing back.
Dean shakes his head, cursing Castiel under his breath before he decides, fuck it, grabs Castiel by the waist to pull him in, his other hand finding his jaw and kisses him like he’s wanted to kiss him ever since the night began.
When the others have finished with their meals, Elaria tells Laiba and Usman what it is they are looking for and where it is they are heading.
The thought was enough to bring an evident smile to Deans face, and he was pleased to notice that Castiel had noticed it. After all, they were to be sharing stories, there would have to be details wouldn't there?
Castiel followed Deans order smoothly, shuffling into the seat with an expected grace. It made Dean wonder what the Ripper was.
Dean watched as Remus relaxed, feeling safe in Deans company. That's probably why Dean was good at this, and anything that requires human interaction, because although he stood tall at six foot one and he had the ability to look like anyone's worst nightmare, his pretty boy face and mildly athletic build paired off with his charms and attractive smile could lure almost anyone into a false sense of security. He silently offered his company a cigarette as he placed his own back between his lips. He almost prayed that his offer would be accepted, anything to extend the fun for just a moment longer.
It really hadn't been a pity that he'd died, now dean would get to see his slim body and pretty face in his head anytime he liked as he replayed the feeling of the skin coming apart beneath the sharp blade of the knife.
Of course, Dean had done just that, the reactions playing out beautifully. Truthfully, Dean hated attention to his activities, but he also craved the fear that he rooted into people. He always made sure to appreciate the fearful and horrified reactions his acts received. He treasured them just as much as he treasured the feeling of skin and bones being mutilated by his own hand.
