Tom let out a nervous chortle. "Enemies? God, what a way to put it…no. Life's too short. Why? You don't think it's someone I already know?"
Sherlock stuck the earbud back in and returned to a YouTube video wherein Benedict Cumberbatch, in a truly horrifying moustache, was urging a criminally underaged girl to bite a chocolate bar.
"That just eats you up, doesn't it?" John said suddenly. Aware that the gun was still pressed to his head, he turned his head with aching slowness. "It bothers the hell out of you that Sherlock isn't twisted, the way you'd like him to be. That he's got family, friends, people who respect and admire him. And he's never stopped fighting people like you – he's moved on from you, in fact. You thought he'd mourn you, maybe? Obsess himself with solving your disappearance?" John smiled nastily. "You think you're anything more than a problem to be solved, that you actually mean anything to him. You couldn't be more wrong."
Whoever had sent the letters…they'd taken time to write out horrors, to describe them in detail (and grammatically correct and properly spelled at that) and hadn't neglected to mention Tom's physical and vocal reactions to the varying treatments in the letter, either. Charming. Also terrifying.
Benedict explained the situation as succinctly as he could, which still managed to take almost five minutes of rapid-fire delivery. "You can see to it that those records disappear or, barring that, that John doesn't suffer any consequences."
No point in getting angry at morons. Nonchalantly waving Tom's protest away, Sherlock gave Peter and Henry a smile that didn't come close to touching his eyes. "Ready? Here goes:  she thellth theesh –" Horrified, he stopped as Henry and Peter burst into laughter. Diners at nearby tables stared in puzzlement at their sudden hilarity.
Mary brushed the photo confetti onto the dustpan, then tipped the pan into the rubbish bin.  "All right," she said softly. "I'll go pack a bag and give Nora a kiss. I'll tell her I've got an emergency surgery trip."
Good job TWH was the accommodating sort of boyfriend. Sherlock didn't want to have to fend him off and create unnecessary suspicion. He'd felt Tom spooning him from behind and caressing his belly with a hand; more to the point, he'd felt Tom's sizeable erection against his arse and it was all he could do not to respond in kind. Last night's manual stimulation had been…well, stimulating. But distracting. Sherlock was glad Tom had left. He had work to do.
Tom stretched his limbs, repressing the urge to vocalise a bit. Benedict was still deeply asleep, curled up on his side, his back to Tom. Poor guy, he'd been working long hours for weeks with no respite, and last night he'd got a nasty electric shock; if he wanted a bit of a lie-in, Tom wasn't going to disturb him, despite the half-erect cock between his legs that could have really done with Benedict's hand or mouth or….
"Aye, there are – none open this early, though." The man sniffed. "It's Sunday." His expression made quite clear his opinion of sleekly besuited men from London with expensive sports cars.
Sherlock stepped out from behind the tree before he overheard anything uncomfortably intimate. "John."
Moran's head jerked up and he gaped at Sherlock. "Relation? Oh, dear God. You think Seb is Nick Dedalus?" Moran smiled, then began to laugh. "Oh, God."
Moran gave him the smile that failed to flatter him, ageing him into a prematurely old man, but it still held a politician's soulless charm. "In all my years in Parliament, I'm certain your brother's never hosted any remotely social gathering at his house, and he certainly didn't conduct business there. I've never met him at all, in fact, though I knew him by repute."
"Well, that's just it, Sherlock." Moriarty stroked the black vinyl barrel-shaped bench. "The thing with BDSM is that it's so fake. It's so boring. Playacting, for God's sake. Ow, ooh, safeword, safeword!" He nodded to One and Two, who dragged Sherlock to the hanging bar and, despite Sherlock twisting his body to and fro in an effort to escape, cuffed his wrists to the rings with heavy leather cuffs, then fastened his ankles to rings in the floor, spread widely apart.
He'd only eaten two slices of pizza, and had a little buzz. He wanted to talk with Molly, to make ordinary conversation, but did Sherlock ever make ordinary conversation when he wasn't busy working or insulting people? Molly kept glancing at him, and slowly, steadily, moving closer until they were pressed thigh to thigh. Benedict looked down and gave a little hiccupping laugh.
“Yeah, sick,” Finn echoed. He tossed long fringe out of his eyes. His plan, he’d told Greg, was to grow his hair down to his arse and braid it like a Viking. Greg supposed it was a phase. He’d had his own moment of swoopy hair in the 80s – he was still living down the photo the kids had found of him in his Adam Ant period, all hair and eyeliner and fluffy shirt. Well, it was the 80s – everyone had looked ridiculous back then, he told them, and it was only for two years, tops. Hadn’t stopped Scarlett and Finn from howling with laughter, though later Scarlett had congratulated him for being okay with genderfluid dressing. A Viking braid wasn’t nearly as much fun as his New Romantic stylings, when he considered it.
He began the stroll back to Cumberbatch's house once he'd made certain that Tetchy had left – he didn't feel like coping with more sulking than he absolutely had to. His phone pinged.
John hung the lights on the corner of the mirror and got off the step-ladder, taking the garland carefully from Mary's hands. She had tied little sprigs of holly and the tiniest clove-studded satsumas to it at intervals. "This is nice."
He set the phone on the coffee table, pulled the blanket over himself, and slept for nearly twelve hours.
"Traumatic brain injury. Please. Come on." He stepped backward, into the hall, and held the door open. "Come on," he repeated softly.
. He’s so very busy at the moment, but he said he’d be sure to see you next week.” Sherlock was terribly considerate about visiting and keeping Eurus company, in sharp contrast to Mycroft, who by all accounts rarely visited and when he did, it wasn’t a social call – it was chiefly to ensure her continued security.
How many he'd murdered was a far more interesting question than Henry's methods or motivations. His eagerness to make both him and Tom suffer was beyond obvious, the letters were indicative of classic revenge-obsession and narcissism – probably Tom didn't even realise that he'd somehow inadvertently triggered Henry's rage – and it was disappointing to see exactly how much money smoothed the way in all walks of life, even a murderer's. Give him a really clever and moderately impoverished serial killer any day – they had to be so much more resourceful.
"John, anyone who might have been directly involved with the Third Reich is long dead. Kerstin Tresler was born in 1945 – she's almost eighty, for God's sake. If there are any living Nazis from that era, they're probably blind, deaf, paralysed, and incontinent. Hardly a threat to the nation."
“I don’t think that matters,” she said. “Is it true, then?” She moved over one roaming hand’s worth of space.
The girl finally gave him her complete attention. She set the phone down. "I've got both. Is everything okay?"
"Look, just think about it, all right? It's…." Tom shrugged, clearly uncomfortable. "It'd be nice to have you along as support. I'm the only one who – well, as I said, most of them do other sorts of work, and the others mostly – er, theatre and whatnot." He reached out and rubbed his hand back and forth against Sherlock's thigh.
Hence the gambling, the drinking. It could have gratified his ego to know that John was falling apart without him, but instead the knowledge left him unhappy and bereft. All that time wasted.
An expression of weary resignation on his creepy face, Moriarty nodded as if he'd expected no less. "You're making a mistake, you know."
"Of course," Sherlock said, and straightened to his full height. The woman leant against him, grabbing his arm as if she intended to drag him out the door, aimed the phone, and snapped.
He still had fifteen minutes or so to go. He took out his phone and opened up the web. His last saved page was William Hill, but he didn't want to look at racing forms, even though that had always soothed the itch before. He considered texting Mycroft to tell him Sherlock was in hospital, but hell, Mycroft probably knew already, and there was no guarantee that he wouldn't shoot the messenger. Mycroft hadn't been especially pleasant to him the other day. John couldn't see Sherlock blaming him for their rift, much less telling Mycroft about it, but no doubt Mycroft drew his own conclusions, and John wasn't in the mood to set him straight.
There was a plaintive note in Sherlock's tone that John didn't entirely attend to since he was sighing, and giving Molly's hand a pat as he hauled himself back up to head back over to his own desk. A huff came out of Sherlock's mouth.
"Of course," Sherlock had replied. "So first of all, a paper company is a rather entertaining front for this particular shell corporation."
Sherlock's eyes were glazed over and he was flushed. With any other man John would be pulling his clothes off by now, but for some reason Sherlock still seemed off balance. Time for extreme measures then. Sighing John slid off of the sofa and went to kneel between Sherlock's legs.
There was a note of surprise in his voice, as though the man who seemed to make a living investigating dangerous criminals hadn't considered the possibility that joining the army may present occasional dangers as well.
John started again at the sheer unfairness of that decree. He pressed the on button to his computer a bit more firmly than was needed as he stared at Sherlock frowning at Molly. As he opened his spreadsheets, Molly muttered a short reply, then fled, cheeks bright red.
So it was nice that he then tripped over a man bent over the bottom drawer of a filing cabinet and wound up sprawled out on the floor clutching his head.
Further evidence of the man's unconventionality - he had willingly stayed late in the office on a Friday night - and kept John there too - only to sit in his desk chair with his eyes closed and his fingers steepled.
Rather than convincing the men who were interrogating him, this statement seemed to wind them up further and John realized with a sinking heart, that he may actually be in real trouble.
He had expected that Molly would nod in agreement but instead she reached out and clasped his hand in a shockingly strong grip. John let out a masculine and not at all high pitched squeak.
Inevitable ones, ones that John had anticipated given they way the wind was blowing but he'd hoped to at least save up a bit more money at this ridiculous office job before he went on with his life at last...
At last Sherlock nodded, and with a happy sigh John reached forward and eagerly undid the man's flies. He didn't think it would work to paw  at him too much - probably the man had harbored the notion that he was heterosexual until now but who knows with some people - so he clamped his hands down on the man's thighs once he had pulled him out of his trousers and settled down to lick and suck at him in a teasing way. Soon Sherlock began panting and squirming and John realized that the man was even more inexperienced than he had thought. He'd need to be gentle - and careful with this one. With a mental sigh, he reached down to palm at himself and then surged forward to take more of Sherlock into his mouth.
Well. He hadn't exactly expected Sherlock to be so clearly inexperienced - he was rather handsome after all - but perhaps just a bit of reassurance was needed. He could still work with this.
Which was of course when the police burst in, and caused his captors to flee. Or at least he thought they were probably police, they weren't in uniform and they were being bossed about by a man with an umbrella who was also pausing to shout at Sherlock.
Instead of replying, Sherlock simply stared at him a while longer, until John heaved a great sigh and stormed out of his office.
John cleared his throat. Blue eyes opened and felt himself quailing a bit under their scrutiny until he remembered why he'd entered his office.
A groan erupted from John and he didn't even bother to hide it. He had indeed totally forgotten those reports.
That could certainly have been drawn out a bit longer but John really had no complaints.  He grinned up at Sherlock who was gasping for breath in a manner John found more than a bit flattering.
After what felt like an age, but in reality wasn't more than 20 minutes, John collected his papers from the printer and then trotted back over to Sherlock's office.
"That - that was wrong on so many levels," blurted out Sherlock. "I can't believe - did you just seduce me."
"So that's that then," he bit out. John had expected to feel .... something at the prospect of losing his job but in fact he mainly felt resigned to his fate. "I hope you'll try to be a bit more sympathetic when you tell everyone else they're to be made redundant."
He could feel his face growing red. Later on he would probably be horribly embarrassed he'd spoken so shortly to his boss but right now he could feel himself growing steadily more furious. Who was he to sit there muttering nonsense to himself when most of his employees had just been made aware they might not have jobs soon?
"Don't worry about it," John said soothingly. "I can tell you like me and you don't have to sort out what it all means for now." He paused and licked his lips again. Feeling as though he might have actually gone insane he let the words come out. "I'd just really like  to get my mouth on you and this seems like a good time to do it."
He nodded towards the gents and the lockers just behind the block of filing cabinets. Any attempts to put the humiliating encounter out of his mind were blown to bits when the odd man was introduced first thing as a new consultant, Sherlock Holmes by the soon to be ex-boss.
There was a gruff noise from beside him, and then the car came to an abrupt halt. John hadn't really been paying any mind to where they had been going, so it was with only mild shock that he realized they had arrived at his own abode.
Something in Sherlock's gaze darkened and he continue to stare at John for a long moment before he nodded at the inbox on his desk.
"Come on, you can spend the night if you like. I told you already - you really don't need to overthink this whole thing."
This statement was accompanied by John brushing a hand along Sherlock's flank, as though he was innocently considering where he might have had to dig out that bullet. Sherlock however, seized up in shock as though John had electrocuted him where he'd been touched and whirled to stare at John with wide eyes. His teacup was trembling in his hands strongly enough that John gently removed it and set it down on the side table.
"No, don't answer I can see for a fact you're not doing anything, you're here canoodling for some reason -"
"We are currently in danger in case you hadn't noticed," hissed Sherlock into John's ear. "It was not very pleasant getting myself captured to follow you. Now just try to be quiet, don't say a word, and no one should notice you."
"-when in fact you should be working, more specifically sending me the usage reports for this week which are not on my desk and which I definitely requested to be on my desk by this time last Tuesday at two oh eight pm."
Which for some reason was the thing that annoyed him the most when just as he was reaching his sad little Honda in the car park he felt hand clamp over his mouth then a horrible smell and collapsed into darkness, was that he'd honestly been looking forward to a bit of peace and quiet.
"-your brother won't be home, he'll be out on the lash as always since it's Friday night," replied Sherlock. "You really shouldn't be so bothered with what he does."
"I don't expect you to have much sympathy but you could at least say how bad it's going to be. With the redundancies."
The stranger's faze darkened and he swayed a bit closer in a way that would haunt John's dreams for years to some.
When the consultant had arrived at the firm only a month ago, (but it had felt much longer), he'd immediately claimed the biggest office for his own. The previous supervisor had made a big show of generously acquiescing. That had been the first sign of which way the wind was blowing when their previous supervisor - an odd man who had constantly made terrible jokes - had disappeared over night, leaving his employees with no explanation and a decidedly unconventional replacement - here on a consulting basis only.
"Yes. Perhaps I shouldn't." Mycroft returned to his trifle and didn't speak again until he was finished. When Edith came in to clear, he asked her to put coffee in the drawing room and leave them to their discussion. When the coffee was brought, Mycroft locked the door and stood in the centre of the room. "So. What was it you wanted?"
John woke and checked his watch – half two – and then turned to Sherlock, still asleep, his mouth half open. He wanted to touch Sherlock's lips but didn't like to wake him and so contented himself with watching him in the half-light of the bedroom. There was a steady ticking in the back of his mind, a halfbaked desire to call Mary at once and get it over with. He tempered his desire and expectation with difficulty and told himself he had time.
Another ten minutes passed before she found the Graham-McCune funeral home; it was pretty, actually, nestled in a few acres of what was probably nice parkland in spring and summer. She parked her car in the near-empty lot, adjusted her hat, and swung her high-heeled feet out onto carefully salted blacktop. Thoughtful. Though if they'd been really thoughtful they'd have left it icy, then they might have had a few more clients. Probably some lawsuits too, though.
"Trust issues, John." Sherlock gave a bleak little laugh and lowered the lid of the toilet. He sat and cradled his head in his hands. "I'm okay. Just give me a minute."
"La-di-da." John moved across the hall. "Nice stuff, though." He turned his light onto a marble bust of a man in an eighteenth-century hairstyle and what appeared to be a naval uniform. "So should I be looking for anything in particular? You think Moran sent someone to take the Titus painting from Kerstin Tresler?"
"The whole thing, really. Do you suppose – do you think this happens a lot? It's not a completely foreign concept. I don't know if you know about this, but Plato, the philosopher, had this allegory or parable about a cave – there's a fire burning within this cave, you see, and there's a row of people bound to the wall, and all they can see are shadows –"
"Friday will be better," Nora said confidently. "Miss Price and Mr Beale are taking us to the Natural History Museum. We're going to see the new dinosaur exhibit."
"Yes." Sherlock consulted his phone. "Venable House. You're having a look at the Titian there. Not to worry – they're not expecting you for another hour. Surely you've got fifteen minutes to chat about an old friend."
The pain came and went; that was the problem. Sometimes she'd be fine for hours on end, and others she would hardly be able to stand up from a chair without it shooting through her like lightning.
He'd taught three lessons and had multiple individual meetings with people from his congregation during those four days, but his mood still seemed to hinge on whether or not he spoke with Sherlock.
He could have made a key, he'd had his own copy while they were readying the flat for the possible tenant, but that would have gone against the whole reason for hiding his drugs below the floorboards there; ease of retrieval. Or, as is hopefully clear, lack of ease.
"She chews with her mouth open," John said quietly. "If there's one thing I'd say to my unmarried self it would be, pay attention to the sounds they make when they eat."
John looked at the outstretched hand and took a step back. Sherlock's voice was uncertain, but damn it, it should have been.
(Jane brushing her thumb across the edge of the plaster softy to make sure it had stuck, thumb pressing against her palm.)
"My...wait, no. It's, well, it's a sort of bet. Have you been watching?" John asked, flustered and standing taller in response.
"I would, though," Sherlock said, walking with John to the front of the building and through the doors. "I know people. I've got favors."
"Nonsense," Sherlock said with a weak wave of his hand. "The room is made up. I alerted Mrs Hudson. It's at the top of the stairs. Fresh linens and all."
He sat at the kitchen table with a sigh and stared at the thing. His wrist wasn't happy. He wasn't happy. Overall, everything was horrible.
She ignored him and turned to John. "If you stick around I might just end up making you a special consultant."
They'd spent the second to last night at camp on a blanket in the middle of the field behind the cabins. It was the first night without clouds, and John wanted to enjoy it before the rain came back. He'd taught Sherlock about constellations.
Amazingly enough, that moment never came. He worked harder than he ever had, staying up much too late and living on a seemingly never ending reserve of coffee and caffeine tablets, and he found something out; he was good at it. He was actually good at it.
Sherlock admired the man, admired his choice to move into the middle of nowhere and fall off the map. If Sherlock himself were a better man, he thought, less bound to the entertainment of the city, he would do the same.
John found Greg near the back of the pub and sat with him, Merrick curling up at their feet. The barmaid came over with a pint for him and he simply pushed it in Greg's direction.
"Jesus, I'm sorry. God, I shouldn't have said it. I shouldn't have told you. I know that it won't work. I'm sorry, I'm so, so sorry. Bloody selfish of me, telling you that. I'm so sorry."
He did actually close his eyes after he'd finished it, let himself breathe deeply for a second before putting everything back in its place and shoving it under the bath.
"Finally made it, eh? We thought you two might have got lost on the way here," Sally said, sidling up to them to order more shots.
By the time Sherlock made it to the class, the students were chatting away and not paying attention. She shook her things so the water fell in the entry and went to her desk, only looking up long enough to see Jane, the student she'd just met, in the front row.
"They're playing old French movie all night downtown," Greg said. "I was thinking of going. For...for a few hours."
"Well, it's a good thing I'm headed all the way up, or I'd miss the chance to see you go," the man replied.
Sherlock opened his mouth and thrust his hips in silent plea as he tasted beer and mint on John's tongue. He tried to follow John's lead, tried to mirror his mouth, but thinking was  becoming a difficult task and he had to pull back to breathe, just bloody breathe for a second.
Sherlock was shouting now and gesticulating. "What do you care about the sign? Did he really pull you into all this? Did Mrs H even have a nephew?"
"I don't, I haven't got any condoms, I didn't think, I never thought," Sherlock sputtered, eyes falling closed as he thrust his hips.
Before lunch the group met around a large campfire, sitting on segments of logs that had them sidling up to their spouse to keep from falling off. Forced proximity.
Doc silenced her and Sherlock felt ill at the stillness of John's body. It was a blow John had seen coming, apparently, and he was ready with a counter punch.
My favorite story was the case I've come to think of as the missing egg. Sherlock was contacted by an elderly man named Richard Tollance. He had a large home in the country that was full of expensive artifacts from his travels around the world when he was younger. His prized possession was a diamond and ruby encrusted egg from China. It had, as you can guess, gone missing.
"Shower first, I think. I feel like you used a gallon of lube," Sherlock said, sighing as John's cock slipped out.
Sherlock was already behind him, helping to pull his jacket all the way on and smooth down the shoulders gently. John huffed and closed his eyes, happier than he'd been in, Christ, yeah, years.
"I got more eggs," she cooed in response. "Sherlock will have eaten the remainder of them while I was gone."
“God’s hands,” he murmured, allowing his eyes to fall closed again so he could imagine the hands on his shoulders. The hands of the man that saved him.
"Yes, sir," Sherlock squeaked, mind going a bit fuzzy as he was overwhelmed with the dump of chemicals in his system from those words. Good little soldier. He thought perhaps he was dying.
"You're the vicar," Sherlock said, and then when there was no light of recognition in John's eyes, "if anyone understands motive, it's you. What else is confession if not a study in that?"
Sherlock followed her, trailing behind even as she left the bedroom and started up the steps to her flat. Jane stopped her in the doorway.
"What kind of food do they have in this place?" Greg asked, sinking back into his seat and running a hand through his hair. "I don't eat snails."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, dismissing the hurt and instead insisting it was just mild annoyance, and went to sleep.
It took a while for Sherlock's hand to drift to John's scar, but when it did it was with reverence and curiosity instead of disgust. The way he looked at it, the way his fingers ran around the edge, had John's throat tightening.
In the minute it took for the doctor to respond, and yes, it took at least sixty awful seconds, Sherlock felt his stomach twist.
John huffed out a humorless sort of laugh and shook his head. "So we wake up a possibly grieving widow at seven in the morning on a hunch?"
"I know the logistics," Sherlock interrupted, rolling her eyes. "I just don't know the reason. Yet."
"That can't possibly be right," Sherlock complained. "They haven't used that medication to treat infections that bad in a decade. Don't the idiots that write this droll know how to make a simple Google-"
In lieu of payment Sherlock was presented with a vintage book on chemistry by some Doctor I've never heard of. It's apparently worth over eight thousand pounds!
He had John's shirt and jacket pushed down his shoulders and had managed to walk him back to the bed, shoving him until he gave up and sat on the edge, and then he could see the scar. It took up nearly half his chest and was still rather fresh, the edges only just going ghostly white, silvery. Sherlock couldn't help himself, he had to lick it.
Sherlock was...surprisingly good at flirting. John hadn't thought he would be and the way Sherlock fluttered his eyelashes and spoke in hushed tones had him regretting the suggestion. He could barely keep his eyes on the women he was supposed to be romancing. Multiple women, a veritable throng of women, all interested in seeing him and Sherlock interact.
The envelope seemed thick, and Sherlock wondered what John could have stashed in it. He hoped it was a stack of photos, but knew that twenty-four hour photo printing services were out of the realm of possibility when it came to a war zone. Instead of photos, what Sherlock found were seven pages of precisely sketched wounds, bugs, and plants.
When he returned to bed John pulled him under the covers and tucked his face into his neck, breathing deeply against his skin and sighing. Sherlock was hesitant to relax, wanting to take in each new bit of information. John grumbled at that and pulled the covers over them, sliding down Sherlock's body and kissing his stomach. Sherlock's gasps turned into moans as John moved lower, licking down and down until he'd taken the head of Sherlock's prick between his lips.
"Mary, these are Sandy and her husband William. Sandy will be staying with you, and William here will be bunking with your John," Doc said.
"Such tough talk for someone with their arsecheeks hanging out. Maybe this is what I want, just a tickle? Hmm?"
"Yeah, when he'd knocked you down," John chuckled, rounding on Baker Street and walking backwards so he could grin at Sherlock. "You're reckless."
Sherlock wasn't joking when she'd said rigorous. The class had been a whirlwind. The students that had waited to buy their books were chastised for doing so as the coursework began immediately. Jane was happy to have everything, and eager to prove she bloody belonged there.
Sherlock couldn’t tell her that the turn of phrase was a bit too close to the truth, but he assumed his grunt as he rolled over was enough to give himself away.
But...perhaps that's why it worked. Sherlock was dripping in sex and acting frail and confused, and the checker was feeling the savior, and Jane was LIVID.
It took quite a bit of time to explain the whole mob ordeal to Lestrade, and Jane was starving when they were finally allowed to leave the station. She could feel the hunger starting to make her frantic, but didn’t want to complain. It wasn’t in her nature, she thought, to be comfortable with complaining over small things like personal comfort. No, she would much rather let the list of wrongs fester until she could have a full breakdown.
"You're in for it. Like a terrier with a rat, that one. Something tells me he'll show up Sunday. Might not come in, but you keep an eye peeled. You'll make your wage," Greg said, shaking his head and putting his hand up for another pint.
"All of my attention all of the time. He's a horrible hog of attention. You can't say you haven't noticed," Sherlock said.
When Anthony eventually took his leave, letting Jane know she could move in that second if she wished and handing her a copy of the paperwork, Sherlock wilted dramatically. Jane watched as she slumped into an overstuffed chair, one devastating leg draped over one of the arms, and found herself wondering what on earth she was meant to do.
Sherlock raised her eyebrows, enjoying how off kilter Jane was, and Jane decided that was about enough of that.
John couldn't read it sitting down. He was pacing the hallway just outside the barracks, speaking the words written, low, nearly growling, under his breath. Punctuated by barks of laughter. The scene was enough to draw a few spectators.
Sherlock groaned and followed him to the loo, standing beside him as they brushed their teeth and then dipping back in for another kiss. "Remind me why we haven't been doing this from the beginning?"
Jane chuckled and shook her head, a sort of fondness taking over the earlier apprehension. “Jesus, you don’t pussy-foot around, do you?”
John ate his disappointing hotel delivery dinner while he worried about Sherlock. He had heard Sherlock leave a few hours before, ostensibly to go find the killer, and the man hadn't returned. He got halfway through his food and had to stop eating. He was really worried.
Sherlock had done this bit before, telling John things about himself John wouldn't even admit to the mirror, but this time it was different. Instead of concise points, clear sentences that left John gasping for breath, Sherlock spouted ideas.
The driver let him know the fee had been payed and John slipped out as soon at the cab came to a stop, shutting the door and making his way quickly to Greg. Greg sighed and ran a hand through his hair as he explained a bit of the case. Man gone missing five days prior. Found here. Expired. No known reason.
It was John's turn to roll his eyes and he took it with gusto. "Don't push me, Holmes. Today is already working against me."
Sherlock grabbed his arm and redirected him, holding onto it a bit longer than was necessary. "We both know you become grumpy if you don't eat."
John took the photo and held it at arm's length. 'Unwilling to admit the need for reading glasses,' Sherlock noted, 'stubborn.'
"You're getting a flat? What the hell is she giving me?" Harry said, obviously hung over and crabby.
John swallowed and sat back as she left. She knew who he was, and, more than that, who he was to Sherlock. It was complete a surprise.
The doctor he'd met with was almost right; he'd hurt himself wanking. He was wrong about he way it happened, though. It wasn't that he was doing so furiously for days, but that he'd chosen to give his right hand a break and used his left in its place. He wasn't ambidextrous, and it had only taken a few minutes of focused work before he'd obviously pulled something. Yes, it was the repetitive movement, but not for as long as the doctor seemed to believe.
Bloody hell. I can't believe I even wrote that. It's been spinning round my mind for weeks now, weeks, but I couldn't admit it out loud. This is as close to out loud as it will ever come, I think.
Sherlock's mouth formed a shocked 'o' and John chuckled at it, reaching up to brush his hair from his brow.
The problem was that the moment between, when he'd just stepped off property and before the attic, he wasn't there anymore. For the blink of an eye he was gone. When you're dead already, the prospect of losing just that one last piece of yourself is beyond daunting. He was afraid that if he pressed his luck again he might just slip into the void.
"We never boxed. Perhaps tomorrow we should head to the gymnasium. It should be a mild day out. Unless, unless you need time to write your sermon for Sunday. Should I come? Should I come to the sermon? Do you need me to start coming to church? Becuase I don't-"
"I am using you for sex," Sherlock replied. He was slightly proud of himself for waiting a whole week from their last tryst. In all honesty, he couldn't stop thinking about it.
"I'm heading to the graveyard now," Sherlock said, marching to the front door and stepping into her Wellies, the mobile stuck in her bra.
It took John a moment to pick it off the floor, the sight of Sherlock with his hair in a towel on top of his head too adorable to keep him from staring. He looked rather posh like that.
So, you see, your last letter shook me. How you could ever think yourself unworthy is a mystery. You are, in every breath, more human than I could ever hope to be. You are, in every beat of your heart, more caring. You are, in every moment, worthy of love and respect. You have both from me.
Well, that wasn't entirely true. He was sure that what John was referring to was illicit love between two men. Whether that was based on anything John had given away or pure unadulterated hope, Sherlock couldn't be certain.
He hit send and sat back on his uncomfortable wooden chair. He had things to do, what with being accepted at the hospital and needing to buy a few pairs of scrubs and other essentials, but he knew that he wouldn't be able to stop thinking of this bizarre interaction until he received a reply.
John waited for him to go on for a moment, and then, seeing that he wouldn't, crossed his arms and spoke. "And?"
Sherlock fished around in the pile and came out with a pair of gray men's boxer briefs and an old t-shirt. "You'll need non-restrictive clothing. For after your bath."
Sherlock stilled and looked rapidly back and forth between John's eyes. "I'm not sure what you mean."
"Oh," Greg replied, taking another long pull of his lager. "Didn't realise you'd have me arrested. How much caviar do you plan on ordering? Are we talking grand larceny or misdemeanor theft?"
A lump grew in John's throat. His sister. Oh, shite, how had his sister got the phone number of the vicarage? He'd thought it was the best of lies.
As for who they're based on, the main character is a lot like me. I always think of writing these stories as wish fulfillment. The other character isn't anyone I know, just someone I thought would fit in the story. Sometimes I like to be pushed around a bit.
John tilted his head to the side, thanking the lord that he hadn't known Sherlock in primary school, and licked his lips.
"B-because I refuse to overlook their stupidity?" Sherlock asked, completely flummoxed and leaning back in to get more of John's lips.
Sherlock felt John pulse and thrust two more times, tensing and coming on John's stomach before collapsing.
Sherlock hummed in agreement and climbed from the bath, feet leaving a trail behind him as he  walked across the room for a towel. He was wrapped tightly and looking closely at his eyes in the mirror when John hopped out of the shower himself. His eyes closed as John sidled up next to him, soft smile forming as he watched him through the mirror.
"Yeah?" John asked, immediately thinking it was something to do with his cock, which was pressing itself against John's side with interest.
Sherlock watched him for a long while before coming to some conclusion and nodding. Mycroft watched him head towards his bedroom and clenched his jaw. This vicar was more trouble, it seemed, than he'd originally thought.
She looked up at him with such hope that John took a step forward and rested his hand on the windowsill.
Sherlock wasn't the best homemaker, he knew that, but the place did have a certain charm. The house used to belong to an aunt of theirs, and Sherlock had taken it over when she had passed a few years prior. He couldn't afford the flat in central London on a teacher's salary alone, and his last flatmate had left screaming after only two months in the residence. Here, the complaints of a flatmate were replaced by the complaints of old pipes and a foundation in need of repair, and that was just fine.
Sherlock frowned. It hadn't been a way out at all. He'd just been so...enamored. He had a shock, a roil in his stomach, remembering their first Christmas together. Victor, handsome, brilliant Victor. The love of his life, and he'd almost forgot the man.
At Sherlock's house, he quickly put on a pair of tan trousers and a slightly darker sport coat. The choice of a striped shirt underneath without a tie was a bit risqué, and that's what he was going for. He slipped a tie in his pocket in case the club wanted to fight over it and fiddled with the top two buttons on his shirt, deciding to leave them open.
"I'm meeting someone," Sherlock said, as gently as he could manage. He wasn't in the habit of outing, or shaming, anyone, after all.
"He has a pen pal, of sorts. I'm alerted whenever he receives a letter from out of country," Mycroft explained.
"I never saw wickedness," John said in lieu of answer. "I know many did, but not me. Saw a lot of blood. Saw fighting. That's how...that's what I killed for. It was kill or be killed. I only ever killed to stop death."
John held the tea to his lips, blowing on the surface for a moment, and then took a sip. Sherlock grinned at him as he winced and set the cup down.
"I've never had a proper boyfriend," Sherlock whispered, eyes flitting back and forth between John's.
"You will be coming back, won't you?" Sherlock ventured, his voice a fair bit more broken than he'd hoped for.
"Hardly," Sherlock replied, pulling the gloves off and tossing them into the far bin. "You don't by any chance have a laptop, do you?"
"I'm sure I don't know what on earth you're talking about," Sherlock said, voice slightly muffled by the sofa cushions.
A woman with excited eyes and an abundance of ginger hair exited the shack to greet them. "Hello! You must be William and Sandy Sullivan. I'm Dr Merida, but you can call me Doc."
"So you'll stay a bachelor?" Sherlock asked, his throat suddenly feeling tight as he closed the space and touched John's shoulder.
Greg chuckled and held him close, wondering how his life could have taken such an unexpected turn. "Champagne does that sometimes. Do you want to take a quick shower before we rustle up some coffee?"
When Sherlock was finally out of sight John slowly made his way to the back yard, walking right up to the fence and looking in on Mrs H. He wanted to prove to himself that he wasn't a coward, that he could interact with her and not lose control. His heart, or the approximation of it, was already hammering away.
The snap of a twig behind them had John taking a step closer to William, ready, if need be, to defend. When it turned out to be nothing, and William began to walk again, John kept just as close. That was the way his brain worked, unfortunately, and once the danger alarm had been set off, it was off.
The next morning Sherlock woke to a knock on the bedroom door. He got out of bed, grumbling, and opened it to find Mrs H standing on the other side.
Sherlock didn't believe he had a soulmate. Some people didn't. No one knew if that meant that their soulmate had died at some point or that they were just unlucky.
John bit his tongue and nodded once before heading back into the room to do just that. Greg watched him go and promised to buy himself a pint for managing two of the most difficult writers around without hitting one of them. It really was a feat, and with day one of the convention out of the way he needed time to think.
"You look as though you're going to be sick," John said, somehow done with cooking and appraising Sherlock from the opposite side of the room.
For a second, John was sure that William was going to kiss him. (He felt young again, that tittering anxiety that came with a first kiss in youth.) William swayed towards him, hand reaching up to his neck-and then swayed back, a leaf plucked from John's hair in his hand. John thought he might burst from his seams at the tension.
"Well, we have an idea. He has an idea," Greg replied in a stage whisper, nodding towards Sherlock. "We just need someone with a medical background for a yay or nay."
Before they knew it the day was over. They watched the other writers exit the building from the roof, leaning over the edge and laughing while Sherlock deduced them.
But, now that he knew John, Sherlock couldn't simply see him as the one dimensional character he'd been portrayed as.
"I think you rebel in the presence of God. That rebellion is less damnable than you think," John said. "Questioning God can sometimes lead you back to Him."
There was his family outside his grandparents home, sun high in the sky and his hair wild. There was his first true experiment, a concoction of milk and other kitchen staples that was meant to yield rubber. There was his cousin's tenth birthday party, girls in brightly coloured outfits drinking tea in the yard behind their house. There was Mycroft, the day he left for Uni, ill-fitting suit and brand new luggage. And now, after reaching to the floor and picking them back up, there was John. John smiling at him. John impressed. John happy becuase of him, for all of time to see.
"Because you're coming with me on a stakeout," Sherlock said, pulling a pen from her jacket and scrawling an address on a paper napkin. "Be there at nine."
Jane handed the bag over when prompted and Miles put the things away and turned to smile nervously at her.
It had been three days and John hadn't written anything down. Sherlock hadn't pushed him, worried that it would take a ridiculous amount of energy for John to do so. But now, the silence had become too much, what with him knowing it didn't have to be.
It wasn't a screen name he recognised, which meant it wasn't a regular. He was always hesitant to open comments from people he didn't know, worrying they'd be the random Christian reminding him of his fast track to hell, or the bored middle aged loner with nothing better to do than tell him they didn't like the story.
"I suppose we can forgo the food aspect of movie watching, as I won't have any and you can't," Sherlock shot over his shoulder, kneeling and grunting and carrying on.
"It's not...I'm fine," Sherlock admitted, the concern in John's voice prompting him to, even as it seemed to fill some need deep inside. "Memory technique. I often use it to pass the time. Simply forgot to check my watch."
Sherlock's eyebrows flicked up flirtatiously and he held his arm out towards the elevator. "Back the way we came, I'm afraid."
Jane stared at the street sign as the cab they were in turned back onto Baker Street. Baker. Street. The sign had said something altogether different that morning, and Jane was still getting used to the notion that magic could be done. It took her breath away a bit. She wanted to tell the cabbie to stop, and get out and touch it, touch the letters, to see that they were real.
When the waiter was finally gone John played with his napkin and relaxed in his seat, knees falling open under the table. It was if he needed to be touching a bit of Sherlock at all times, be it hand, or knee.
John's mouth opened and closed with a snap as he crossed his arms angrily. The readers watched on in horror as he responded.
John wheezed out a laugh and let his head fall to Sherlock's chest. Sherlock chuckled as well, somewhat horrified by his own behavior, but fairly sure John didn't mind. That thought was proven fact as John finally moved between his legs and poured some lube out onto his fingers, knocking the sheets aside and looking like a god with his erection bobbing between muscled thighs.
John started laughing and Sherlock looked over at him. After staring at John's mouth for what he knew was much too long he began laughing as well.
There were vines growing up the walls and the ceiling was completely covered in dark, glossy leaves. Jane took them in, along with the great amount of books piled everywhere, as Sherlock showed her into the loo. The room was small and crowded, the claw foot bathtub on one end an obvious new installation. It was massive, one gold flaked foot reaching almost in front of the toilet. The edges held orchids and ferns interspersed with the odd candle and posh shampoo.
Sherlock watched him go from the tinted window of the Chemist's. Something low in his belly turned and he frowned. Man of God. Dull. And he'd had so much promise.
John wrapped his arms gently around the man's back and tried not to moan at how good it felt. "Hey, you alright?" he asked, voice soft as he could manage.
Greg gets home late from work and only wants to relax. His ex shows up and ruins that in the most delicious way possible. They're both left feeling empty.
"Lestrade and my horrible brother! Well, he's not horrible to Lestrade. Except for the fact that it took him several years to admit he loved him. That was horrible. Unnecessary," Sherlock said, lips twitching into a smile.
The second he had his hand in his pants, gripping his interested cock in a loose fist, a man's face came to mind. Perhaps it was the reference to his work, or perhaps it was the word mouthy, but the face in his mind's eye was that of his patient. Yes, that one. It scowled at him and rolled its eyes and John let out a huff of a laugh.
She was pulled out of her thoughts when Jane came back out of the loo, hair a bit more under control, but cheeks just as rosy.
"I'm just incredibly glad that you finally broke," John admitted. "I didn't want to press the issue if, if I couldn't...you, know."
“You know him,” Sherlock said, a grin coming over his face as his stomach (frighteningly, ominously, startlingly) dropped.
Mycroft frowned and turned the light next to his bed off before replying, letting the small amount of time speak for itself.
"Lamium purpureum," Sherlock replied. "When I was young, my uncle made me tidy the yard with a dandelion grubber. He didn't realise that I simply replanted them behind the gardening shed. Needless to say, they returned."
Jane sighed and went to the small desk in the corner to retrieve her revolver. She glanced around the cramped bedsit once more before tucking her trusty weapon into the waist of her denims and pulling her boots back on.
John did indeed watch as the double doors closed behind Sherlock before turning back to Greg to continue speaking. "So I was wondering if I could just take one of his books from the display."
He sat back after laying them all out on the coffee table and sighed. They were outstanding, especially the wounds. He was overcome with the first pang of regret. The pictures surely took more than a day to draw, possibly weeks, due to the infrequency of serious wounds. The fact that the man had given them to him, had trusted him with them, made Sherlock a bit queasy. It was rather personal, rather fast.
John shifted in his seat, seemingly affected by Sherlock's position. "How about I tell you how I think it all went down, yeah?"
The comfortable quiet went on for a while, but it honestly couldn't last. Both of them were searching their minds for the appropriate topic of conversation. John came to it first.
“Last time I looked, you weren’t on the fraud squad,” Lestrade said, taking out pair of cuffs and clipping them to Terry’s wrists.
Sherlock closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember his favorite scene from John's first book. The main detective in that one had fallen in love with the reporter covering the case. They were in a small coffee shop in the middle of the night, the detective telling the reporter there was no other information she could give him.
So, there. If you still want to write to me, if you're still interested after all that, I'm bloody yours. I'm yours.
She pulled the the side of the road and he got out, paced for a bit, and then motioned for her to do the same. She did, reluctantly. They stood there, on the side of the road, nowhere near their destination, as the sun set, at an impasse. Luckily, Sherlock found his voice.
John filled with warmth again as Sherlock turned that confident grin on him, a soft 'yes' falling from his lips.
John swiftly cut him off, standing between the man and Sherlock. That caught Sherlock's attention and enraged the man.
Sherlock laughed, the thrill of the earlier chase coming back with new adrenalin. "Don't know when you'll run into a knife wielding ex-husband."
It had been a year to the day since he’d been sent back to London with nothing but a near-fatal bullet wound in his shoulder and the memory of the man who dragged him to the rescue copter playing on repeat in his head. A year spent working (fighting) with a slew of therapists to pick out all the other recurring memories and suffocate them, so that only the one moment remained. That moment, and only that moment.
Jane simply grimaced and pulled her pants from Sherlock's hands. "Yeah, thanks. I don't need a bath."
John and Sherlock met the next night at a Chinese place Sherlock suggested. It was one of those hole-in-the-wall places that you'd miss if you didn't already know where it was. On the front of the building was a simple red door, yet it opened onto a large room with ornate decorations and a pane glass window that looked out on a gorgeous little garden of sorts. They sat across from each other, not sure who should speak first, and waited for a menu.
His fingers twitched as he readied the tea, and he cursed himself for ever getting into that cab. Yes, John was alive, but he had to come up with a more permanent lie to keep him that way.
They rounded on the edge of the cabins just as the breakfast bell was rung, and slowed as people started to emerge. Sherlock felt John pull at his sleeve and moved back into the trees a bit.
John felt his face flush and nodded. "I was having Lestrade set me up with someone. I thought...after the night before, I thought I should just find some woman and-"
He let his hand slide down and under the waistband of his pants and sighed as he took himself in hand. In his mind John sighed back. It was the John from the video; all nerves and charming fumbles. John giggled a bit and sat back in his seat, legs falling open.
The man licked his lips and Sherlock took that as a yes, hopping into the back seat with ease and pushing the man over with one bony hip. Sherlock nodded at the driver, Eric, or Aaron, or something, and the man pulled away from the kerb. The doctor swallowed hard and stuck his hand out. Sherlock raised an eyebrow and the man spoke.
They kept walking, a breeze picking up and teasing them as they made their way through the park. The woman told them about her life, going on even as Sherlock was obviously off in his own mind.
He loved nature and the way it never ceased to show the frailty of the world in the broken and malformed attempts at replication. He loved watching insects hover and hop, loved seeing fish live, die and decay.
Molly jumped when Sherlock walked up next to her. He always managed to catch her off guard. Right then, for instance, he'd slumped into a chair and was staring at the ceiling with a far off look in his eyes. She saw his mind palace face all the time, and it wasn't that. It was as if he was daydreaming. He was usually so bossy when he came in; asking for body parts right off the bat and seeming not to notice that a hello was expected. Now he was, soft.
It was odd getting a letter back from you and having it be so different from the first. I didn't know who you were, had no idea how you might respond. And then, then you gave me exactly what I wanted. What I wanted and more. The sketches are framed above the mantel in my sitting room and I often look at them late into the night.
He had to take three steps for each of William's, the lanky git. They made it quickly to the mess hall, going the back way, hidden in the trees, and went up to the back door.
By the time Sherlock made it back into the room, John had been sitting and looking at the X-rays for a while. He was stumped. The man was lying to him, he knew that, but he didn't know why. Surely the better story was that he wrenched his wrist doing something around the house, not that he'd committed assault. Maybe the man was just so keen on those around him being in awe that the aggressive story was more appealing to cover up his over abundance of self-love.
"Don't make me drag you out, Sherlock. The paramedics are here. And the police. Look, I know you don't want to hear this, but I'm worried about TBI. You're being weirder than usual."
- and on and on and on. John shook his head, silently giving Benedict permission to choose. They were screwed any way one sliced it.
The techs clustered round him, making notes and murmuring to each other, peppering him with questions until Mycroft intervened. "I think we can arrange for Sherlock to meet your team in a few days, Dr Paisley. It would be best to give him some time to collect himself."
Whoever had kidnapped him hadn't bothered to gag him – so either he was far enough away from ordinary earshot that nobody would hear him if he screamed, or…they didn't care if he screamed.
He went through a number of other texts, none of which looked particularly important, and then turned off the phone (he'd find the charger later – if he didn't miss his guess, it was in one of the kitchen drawers nearest the refrigerator – a cursory glance had revealed a much-used socket above the worktop with no appliance in sight; doubtless Cumberbatch plugged his phone in at night and retrieved it in the morning whilst drinking some foul health concoction made of lawn clippings and goat placenta) and headed downstairs to the library or study, such as it was. He yawned and scratched idly, thought about finding a dressing gown, then decided against it – likely the king wouldn't be stopping by today. He wore only his costume shirt and a pair of boxer briefs, but he was comfortable enough, the fabric was decent, and he'd shower in a bit.
The two men stepped forward, and Sherlock shrank back involuntarily. "This is hardly nece –" He clenched his teeth hard as one of the men grasped a handful of his hair and dragged his head backward until he was staring up at the yellow bulb overhead. "You never could do anything on your own, Jim. You've always needed your little army of thugs."
Benedict half-gagged at the fishy smell that permeated the flat. Not just fishy, either – fishy and rotting. Foul. "You could be right," he ventured cautiously. "I…I've already got it sorted."
"Yeah, I suppose." Nora took the last lemon biscuit from the plate. "Can we really go to tea at the whatever?"
Now he sat paging through this goddamned stupid magazine, waiting as Dr Choudhury sawed his wife's head apart.
"Please come in." She opened the door wider and gestured for Benedict and John to precede her. They went into the same sitting room – sparsely furnished and yet managing to convey an air of almost absurd luxury – and seated themselves on the sofa.
And now they were talking about Molly, and John, still muzzy-headed, could scarcely gather his thoughts before Moriarty kicked him twice, his foot like a leather-covered brick slamming into his vastus lateralis, a dead-on shot. John gasped and curled up to try to avoid the blows, but it didn't do any good. Through the pain he heard Ben shouting and Moriarty answering, and then he saw Ben rising awkwardly to his feet and pressing his backside against a low wall. John blinked hard and tried to clear his head.
"Not always. I know, it's easy to see someone else's problems and not your own, and easier still to give advice freely."
"What the fuck are you doing here? Sue said she was taking you back to the hotel. I didn't even think you'd be out yet. What were you thinking, grabbing hold of a live wire, you twat?"
"Yeah, but I'll just have some toast. I think I know a young lady who's eager to tear some presents open." Mary grinned at Nora, who grinned back unabashedly.
John's posture was tense and alert; he looked ten times as energetic as Sherlock felt. A little dart of panic implanted itself inside Sherlock's stomach. Christ, was this what it was like to get old:  discomfort and lethargy where there'd once been nothing but springiness and verve? Intolerable. It was the novelty, the rediscovery of having a partner, undoubtedly. For four years he'd been on his own, and now he had to make allowances again. But now John was lighter and faster on his feet than Sherlock, grey hair and incipient potbelly notwithstanding. Wouldn't Mycroft be amused!
John started awake from a combat dream, sitting up in the near darkness. He gasped at the sight of Sherlock sitting cross-legged in his battered leather chair, his hands folded together in contemplation. "Jesus, you scared me half to death."
"No!" Vertue tugged on Sherlock's jacket. "Darling, sit down. Come on, you've had a really rough evening. We'll get some food in you, glass of wine, maybe, and you can go to bed early."
wearing cosmetics. His hair, usually wilting at the end of a day's filming thanks to excessive product, was perfect. He wore the same clothes that his…clone, or whoever he'd been, had worn during that freakish episode:  t-shirt, pyjama bottoms, dressing gown, smelly plastic apron.
"Right," Benedict said, frantically trying to dredge up Boyle's Law from his uni chem courses, more than ten years ago. "Obviously."
Benedict held up his hands in a gesture of appeasement. "Okay," he said softly, and sat. He tucked one leg under the other and indicated the sofa. "Would you rather –"
, Sherlock finally realised a bit hazily. None of the pristine elegance of Cumberbatch's newish digs; if he had a cleaning service he used it irregularly or had them avoid the bedroom.
Birdsong and a gentle, steady rainfall awakened him; he rolled over in the bed and saw grey light filtering through the curtains. The placid normality of the sounds and the dim, soothing illumination of morning lulled him for a moment. He might have been in his own bed, window open, a canopy of lush green surrounding him, luxuriating in softness and comfort for a few moments before jumping out of bed to begin a new day. It was amazing how much pleasure he derived from a few stolen minutes lately. There wasn't much time for being a slugabed.
"It was around noon," John said. "We were there for all of fifteen minutes." He looked at Benedict again and pressed his lips together.
"Martin. Was that the physician?" Martin probed at the back of Benedict's head. "I think your arse must have taken most of the impact. Doesn't seem to be any swelling. Want to sit up for me?"
They'd only had one Christmas together at Baker Street, he and John. Seemed ages ago now. He remembered the little drinks party they'd had, though; it had been dreadful, but John had been enthusiastic. He'd even persuaded Sherlock to play for the tiny audience.
"Probably. I didn't notice." Sherlock went down the hall and into the library. Hastily, he shut the laptop.
Martha sighed a little. “Well…it’s just been an odd year, that’s all. I haven’t seen much of the boys recently.”
Unexpected rage lent strength to Sherlock's horribly cramped body. He surged forward, snarling; the tape had considerably more give and Sherlock's teeth got nearly close enough to bite before Moriarty scrambled up and backward, knocking his chair over.
Aware that he felt off-balance from more than the afternoon's debacle, Sherlock chose a fragile little biscuit and took a bite. Caramel – light, delicately flavoured, fragrant and crisp, melting on the tongue with the faintest hint of salt. "Mm."
There was a bang, and Benedict's door was ripped open. Startled, he leant forward to see who'd opened the door, and caught a glimpse of two dark suits, two innocuous faces. Two pairs of hands laid hold of his arms and dragged him out of the taxi.
Sherlock smiled and closed his eyes just in time to avoid being blinded by the brilliant white light flooding the tiny copse.
"Why'd you leave?" John gripped Sherlock's upper arms, his fingers digging in painfully. "Why, Sherlock? For fuck's sake, why wouldn't you tell me?"
Heaving for breath, Benedict dropped into a crouch and tucked his head between his knees. Concussion. Had to be.
He wasn't certain how he'd come to this. Every morning he awoke with a heart filled with anticipation, as if his sea of dreams and fancies had borne him closer to the horizon of some genuine excitement, but seconds after awakening, the truth dawned, and he realised where he was:  in bed, in a house, his wife and child nearby, an ordinary day ahead, a corridor of days behind closed doors that proved identical no matter which door he opened. And though he loved Mary and Nora fiercely (even though his fights with Mary made him furious) and he told himself he was content, his heart knew the truth.
"I'm not comfortable leaving you alone with both of them, sir," Coddington said. "Slippery, the pair of them."
Sherlock swung the door open onto a darkish room – lots of gleaming mahogany and ebony, plum-coloured sofas, hand-painted wallpaper, heavy, fussy silk curtains, artfully scattered oversized books and magazines on low tables. Professionally decorated, Cumberbatch hadn't been living here long enough to really make it a home yet, and this was his first set of furniture that hadn't been purchased at IKEA, so he was still frightened to upset the balance the decorator had created and probably urged him not to disturb. He'd read the books and magazines, though, but had taken them into another room to read them and then came back to carefully replace them. Cumberbatch wasn't mad about this room, hardly used it at all.
There was a little park at the end of John's road, a pocket-handkerchief-sized square of greenery that nonetheless was pretty and tranquil. John and Mary had taken Nora for endless walks round the tiny duck pond, read book after book to her on the plush grass, picnicked in summer, and admired the fairy lights and ornaments that bedewed the trees in winter. John wended his way down the path toward the house, taking his time. Nora was at her Swimming Nature class until they picked her up at seven, and it would be a late dinner.
"Maybe we can talk about it later," Sherlock said. "I think we both need a rest." He was, in fact, exhausted.
"I'm fine." Nevertheless, Sherlock moved in step with John's slow and deliberate pace. "It feels better."
They tip-toed through what must have been a century of gardening detritus, pallets of pots, broken furniture, stacks of flagstone and tile, shattered glass, until they reached the door to the main house. It opened easily, and Sherlock pointed at the floor. "Wipe your feet."
"Moriarty." He explained in as few words as possible. No, he hadn't been transparent; yes, he'd deceived John. But to have John under constant threat was untenable – the only solution was to leave until Moriarty's network had been eradicated and John was safe.
A small gaggle of fans surged toward him – six or seven, totally manageable. He beamed and nodded genially. "Let me just put this stuff in the car, okay? Give me a second." The fans, four young women, one young man, and an older couple, smiled shyly back and gave him a wider berth.
Molly sighed, finished her beer, and got up to go. She had half an impulse to go back to Bart’s. There were fresh corpses waiting, and if she did some work tonight, it would mean more time to relax over the Christmas holidays. The only staff there would be the night crew, and they were used to her unassuming presence; if they gave her pitying glances for being a workaholic spinster, they were kind enough to do it behind her back.
"Had I known you were going to pay me a visit, I'd have changed into something far more appropriate." She moved to stand in front of him, her legs spread as far as the tight dress would allow.
"Wing4. Let's play connect the dots, Sherlock. Or rather, you play, I'll just sit here and wait." Moriarty glanced at his wristwatch. "You've got thirty seconds. After that I have John's brains blown in as his little girl watches. Start…now."
He took a fresh towel, rubbed it over his hair, and drifted into Cumberbatch's sizeable closet-cum-dressing room. He turned on the light (track lighting, in a closet. Really?), found a nice white shirt, then tried it on and tossed it aside – too large. He tried on three more shirts in succession before finding one that fit him snugly. It was a cream colour with fine threads of indigo blue, and already pressed and lightly starched. Ugh. He pushed suit after suit aside, letting some drop to the floor, until he found one in a deep navy – not quite as slimly cut as his own, but not as hideously billowy as some of them seemed to be, and as a bonus, faintly scented with cigarette smoke. He rummaged through the drawers for a decent pair of underwear and some socks, then selected a pair of shoes, not quite able to tear his eyes from the pair covered with glittering paillettes.
"You deserve a treat," Mary said fiercely. "We both do. The stuff I took back came to more than four thousand pounds. That little lilac coat
me privy when you unfastened your trousers." Benedict tried for withering scorn, but his words came out trembling and timorous.
Turning to answer the voice – Henry Burgess, the boring stockbroker – Sherlock blinked and winced away from a sudden deluge of white light. When his vision cleared, he saw Cumberbatch, wearing one of his suits, an expression of utter bewilderment on his face.
Sherlock didn't suppose Mary would have been disturbed by the low turnout. On the contrary, she'd likely have laughed and cocked a cheeky, cynical eyebrow.
"I don't know if you'd call it a holiday, actually," John said. "We worked. After a certain point there isn't a lot to do, though, and you sort of have to let the machine take over." That was true enough. Once they'd found the PA's body, speed had been essential:  Sherlock had called Mycroft, Mycroft had called his people, and within an hour, the house had been crawling with quiet, serious types and Sherlock and John had been on their way to the airport after Sherlock had extracted a promise from Mycroft that Sherlock would be allowed to examine the PA's body. Sherlock had been occupied with his phone on the flight and Mycroft had met them at the airport and whisked Sherlock away. One of Mycroft's ominous black cars complete with silent driver had given John a lift home. It had been a lonely ride, and he hadn't heard from Sherlock since.
John, weapon drawn, stepped into the corridor. For a split second he looked down, expecting to see red dots dancing over his chest, but there was nothing, only darkness. And then, a small bright light went on – a phone, illuminating a pale face.
Unlikely, but perhaps not impossible. “Darling…I wish you’d say something to me. Anything at all. You know we’re here to listen to you. I’ll bring you anything you’d like; you only have to say the word. Or write it down. I….” She sighed, and Sig took her hand and squeezed it softly. “We only came to wish you a happy Christmas, darling. That’s all.”
"Okay. It's no bother." Molly accompanied him to the door, then laid a hand on his arm. "Sherlock…."
He felt slippery wood under his bare feet and curled his toes forward, ready to sprint, to get the fuck out of Ben's house and find the nearest police officer, get a neighbour to call, had he been in on everything with Henry, was it a ploy, dear Christ was Benedict with Henry right now?
Then he turned his attention back to the email. There was an attachment. He opened it and scanned the details quickly. He barked out the address to the driver standing beside the car, and then stopped dead.
"God…." Benedict cradled his head in his hands. He didn't want to meet with Mycroft, or anybody – he just wanted to curl up and hide until all this was over.
"Let's just stop pretending you give a shit about me, eh, Tommy? Oh, hey – want to hear something funny? I know you've got a sweet tooth, so a few days ago I tried to get one of your little fans to give you some chocolates that I doctored. Reckoned I'd manoeuvre things once you'd eaten them. She balked, though, the little bitch. Had to take care of that." Henry got up and grabbed another length of rope.
"Yeah, thanks. And the black wool crepe, with the stand-up collar. I don't know how that's going to pack, but it's the best thing I've got for a funeral."
"I've still got my notes on Moran at Baker Street," Sherlock said. "Clean up as best you can and come on!" Sherlock dashed out, moving from room to room, looking for personal photographs. Seb. Where was Seb Moran?
have known that he and John had travelled to Derry, the hotel where they'd stayed, the particular room Sherlock and not John occupied, and subsequently sent the sheep farmer and former soldier of fortune to threaten Sherlock. "Mind if I work a bit?"
Lady FitzSimmons shook her head in slow, scornful negation. "You couldn't bear being wrong about him, could you? So now you're skulking round – were you planning to go through his rubbish bins, like some grubby tabloid journalist? Good luck to you."
Many, many thanks, as ever, to kimberlite and vilestrumpet for beta and britpick. <3  All errors are always mine.
A smell of cooking enveloped him as he stepped inside – a rich scent, olive oil and tomatoes and spices. "Mary?"
Mycroft shook his head and withdrew a mobile from his inner breast pocket. "This was on the vanity. She'd called a number at ten o'clock, but failed to alert her maid or call for help, even after repeated bouts of vomiting and diarrhoea. Even if she didn't realise that she'd been poisoned, she must have known she was terribly ill. Why, in a house full of people, did she allow herself to die?"
"I'm going to ask you a question, Benny, and I want the truth now. That was you ringing me from the shop, wasn't it?"
Tom drained his and set the glass down. "Sherlock…God, that's –" He shook his head. "I have to thank you for the rescue."
How would Sherlock have responded, anyhow? Would he have been brusque, dismissive? He'd had sex with Tom, after all, and Benedict didn't buy that sex was the
drivel. What a ridiculous life this was:  self-indulgent, careless, preoccupied with pleasing people, pleasing hordes of idiots who sat on their arses and did nothing but consume endlessly, pleasing a media crowd both greedy and hostile. Where was the purpose? Where was the thrill of discovery, that exquisite mélange of exasperation and passion that drove him through nights and weeks, pushing against enigmas that wouldn't yield without the most dogged persistence? They pretended to be somebody else and called it work. And Sherlock did that, true, but it was an infinitesimal slice of his existence, not the whole of it. He didn't have
John stared at him, his face orange in the sickly glow of the overhead lights. "You don't believe in coincidence."
"Oh, good." Something to take his mind off the annoying circumlocution of his situation. The stalker thing had completely slipped his mind.
"Of course," Sherlock said, and watched in amusement as she fumbled her phone out of her pocket. "Maybe you'd like to get your son in on the photo?"
"Maybe he's not willing to invest the capital. Or maybe it's convenient as it is." Sherlock stepped into a room and shone his light inside, playing the beam over furniture covered with sheets.
Sherlock pulled out the kitchen chair and sat. "Nice of you to drop in all the way from Derry, though I don't know if that necessarily excuses the breaking and entering."
"Yeah, okay. Fair point. All right. I will. Well, no, but I'll try. Right. You'll keep me posted, though. Yeah. Yeah. Right." John rang off and stood very still.
A little smile played over Moriarty's mouth, but his eyes stayed glacial. "No. I'm just glad it finally happened. I mean, it had been so long."
"The attack direct," Sherlock said. "Dedalus has an open-door policy, according to news stories. Employees evidently stroll in at all hours to brainstorm, ask questions, complain, and so on. A few pointed questions ought to get some answers, or at least some revealing non-answers." He got up and waited for John to do the same. "By some amazing coincidence, there was a flurry of recovered artwork just after he founded his company in 2014. Pity Meredith Howe isn't alive to answer questions either. I doubt she's as innocent as Mycroft believes." He headed for the employee entrance.
She turned back to face him. Her cheeks were pale, her lipstick a thin red gash. She crushed her gloved hands together. "You're carrion," she spat, and climbed into the car. Sherlock watched the car drive off and merge into traffic, disappearing into the grey afternoon.
John tamped down a surge of anger at Mycroft's sangfroid. "So you spent ten years sitting on the knowledge that he was alive the whole time? And you didn't do a goddamned thing about it? Did you even bother to tell Sherlock?"
His last exchange with Mary had been one of accord, of friendship. She'd sacrificed herself for John, but also for Sherlock. She needn't have done. After everything, he'd been fond of her. And he believed that in her way, she'd been fond of him.
"Yes." Sherlock negotiated a roundabout, whizzing through it at top speed and nearly colliding with a bicyclist in a dark hoodie and track bottoms and no reflectors or lights on his bike or person. The cyclist flipped him off and zipped away.
Miranda closed the oven door just short of a bang. “I don’t like violent games. I didn’t think I’d have to tell you that.” She moved to the worktop and shook some spice into a jar of oil and vinegar.
"It wasn't bad - I was out for a moment, not long enough to cause concern. As I said, the current wasn't strong enough to do serious damage. They took me to hospital and looked me over."
"Drainage and craniectomy were unsuccessful," Dr Choudury said softly. "Mrs Watson ceased triggering respiration on her own forty minutes into the craniectomy and failed to respond to attempts at revival. I performed a neurological examination and apnoea test, followed by blood gas analysis. Pupillary and ocular movement tests were negative, as was facial sensation and motor response and pharyngeal and tracheal reflexes." She touched John's arm. "I'm very sorry."
Tom was already bustling around the kitchen, pulling out pots and boxes and tins. "He's always got the makings for that, it's sort of comfort food. Mine's better, though." He opened the freezer compartment and stuck his head inside. "I'll have to quick-defrost the meat in the micro. Do you mind?"
Tom began to struggle, but part of his brain couldn't accept what Henry was saying. Those letters – he'd been getting them for weeks. Why now, why Henry – and Benedict, oh, God –
"Listen, Sherlock –" John paused to gather his thoughts. "I know this is all your doing. And I – I appreciate it, don't get me wrong. But there's no point to any of it if you end up sick. I don't know how much clearer I can be."
"Run!" John shouted, and clawed at the arm that settled round his neck. Something sharp drove into his upper arm, and heat permeated the flesh and travelled outward from the tiny pinpoint of discomfort. He struggled harder, aware that more men had entered the room and were moving toward Benedict, who hadn't run.
Conran froze. "Fuck," he whispered, and slowly raised his hands. There was a flurry of movement as he was dragged away from Sherlock's body and his cohorts were apprehended and rapidly disarmed.
John's heart stuttered in his chest as Moran placed the bore of his weapon firmly against his head. Was Mary here? Or Sherlock? Maybe they'd gone already. He hoped so. He prayed that was the case.
Funny that John had stopped himself. He ought to have known that Sherlock wasn't the condemning sort. Maybe it had been too long for John to remember that, though. And as for passing judgment on his gambling addiction, well – Sherlock had his own socially unacceptable habits, and still indulged them now and then.
They disconnected the electrodes from the monitor, but left them attached to Sherlock's body, gave him a flimsy gown, and a pair of socks with rubber bits on the sole. The nurse took his arm, and it was all Sherlock could do not to snatch it away. He smiled again – his face was starting to hurt from all the idiot grins, but the medical staff seemed to appreciate and even expect it – and forced himself to speak amiably. "Really appreciate this."
Cold terror pierced Sherlock's spine. He wheeled and sprinted from the room, ignoring the howling in his knee. He skidded on a carpet runner, righted himself, and tore down the two flights of stairs. "John? John! Where are you?"
Moriarty smiled through a two-week growth of beard, though his suavity was diminished; dark circles marred the skin beneath his eyes, and he'd lost weight. "Thought so. Different cell though, unless you've redecorated. Kind of a Jean Genet vibe you've got going here. Missing a few things, though – like access to a solicitor." Moriarty's smile thinned. "People are going to wonder where I've got to."
The man's pinched face curdled even more. "Wait here, please." He closed the door with a firm but sedate click.
"If you get your schoolwork done on time this week, yes. I have a short shift on Thursday. Mind your manners and get your work done and you can see how the other half lives. Well, the other point-five percent." Mary folded a rucked-up woollen blanket. "Kiss your dad good night and brush your teeth. I'll be there in a bit."
"Or bumped off. Maybe he's at the bottom of the ocean with Petr's weights tied round his ankles." Sherlock closed the syringe.
He'd planned to just have a piss and wash his face, but he saw the tub and decided on a shower. He ran the water until it was as hot as he could get it, stripped, and jumped in. He lathered briskly with a cake of plain Pears, rinsed off, and got out. He brushed his teeth – new toothbrushes and what seemed to be Sherlock's brand of toothpaste, nice touch – and brushed his hair flat. It would curl up in a bit and look perfect anyhow.
"Don't," Mycroft retorted. "I understand that he's grieving, but that makes him no less a fool. Tell me, Sherlock – did you listen to him spout that nonsense?"
He couldn't stop crying, and so didn't hear the faint call when it came. Only the sound of footsteps on the stairs silenced him. He wouldn't cry in front of Henry, not so soon, oh God, what was next?
Dr Roche shook her head. "It's all right, Mr Holmes. How could you know? Those little ones – " She gestured with her gloved hand. "They're the reason I'm in orthopaedics, those poor little bones. Okay, one more needle. Ready?"
"Fine. Yes, I told some intrusive moron to piss off. It's ridiculous and more than slightly surreal that actors get so much attention. For
"Not at all," Sherlock protested, and saw the tiny grin stretching a bit wider. "Well, maybe." John laughed, and Sherlock's chest loosened. "Possibly. Don't tell him."
"No, thanks," said Sherlock, and paid with Cumberbatch's credit card, hoping the clerk wouldn't recognise his face. "I'm down from London, passing through, and I've got some time to kill. I understand there are a few houses that do tours hereabouts."
He plodded up the steps, unlocked the door, and scooped up the post. Unwilling to sit, he trudged into the bathroom, stripped, and ran a bath. He set the mail on the rack (he'd admired and emulated Benedict's bath-time reading habits – it was a bit daft, but fun) and climbed in, sighing as the warm water closed around him. He leant back for a bit, soaking, listening to the sound of occasional traffic through the open window, and then attended to the stack of mail. He sorted through it and stopped at one particular envelope.
"—that it would be terrible if word got out. Steven's working on a compensation package for you, but he can talk to you about that. It sounds rather sinister when I say it like that, but you understand, don't you?"
Dr Choudhury stood in the doorway. She was in scrubs and a white coat; no gown, no cap, her hair in a twist. Small-shouldered and broad-hipped, she beckoned to him:  out here, please.
Sherlock sniffed. "He couldn't catch me when I put snakes and frogs in his bed. Not a bad trade-off. Anyway, you're wrong. He's secretly fat. I'd bet a tenner that he wears corsets and girdles."
"Precisely. The rapid change in ambient pressure caused his lungs to rupture, resulting in fairly immediate death. Naturally Vasily caused quite a scene at the hospital, wailing and moaning for the benefit of the medical staff."
Stung, Benedict opened his mouth to equivocate, but couldn't think of anything appropriately barbed to say in return. He scowled, nodded shortly, and remembered why he'd come. He didn't want Mycroft to diminish the importance of the request. "John?"
She put her hand on his arm as he moved toward the threshold. "It was a game." A tear spilled down her cheek. "You know…we could have had something."
"Mmf –" Sherlock opened his mouth and let Tom's tongue touch his. Odd, unfamiliar, but not unpleasant; Sherlock tasted salt and the slight sourness of saliva, but the sensation of taste dissolved as Tom suckled on his tongue, licking and tugging, and increased the pressure of his hand. Sherlock arched upward into Tom's hand:  adrenaline surging, fight or flight; no, just desperate need. How many years had it been? Two? Three? He knew that since he and John had taken the flat in 221B together, he'd pleasured himself in the shower six times. Stiff, his hand moving urgently, pressed against the bathroom tiles, water streaming in his eyes, a hand clamped over his mouth so that the smallest noise would stay where it belonged. So John wouldn't hear.
Benedict sighed. "Your stalker's in London. Someone who lives outside the city wouldn't likely have time to make several trips to the central post office just to mail a letter. They
Sherlock stood stock-still, aware of the sound and rhythm of his rapid heartbeat, the dust on his skin, the faint dampness of his cotton shirt clinging to his body, the sudden firing of sensation and emotions emerging from the depths of years.
"Move," Henry snarled, shoving Tom forward into the island. He grabbed Benedict by the arm and hauled him up. Benedict staggered and found his feet. He caught Tom's eye, then glared feebly at Henry. "Right," Henry said in a brisk, take-charge tone. "Change of plan. We're going to one of the tenant cottages, the three of us." He looped an arm through Benedict's and held the edge of the knife against his vulnerable throat. Benedict lifted his chin sharply. "Tommy, you make the least fuss and Benny here gets a severed artery.
"Takeaway? No, never mind, I don't feel like seeing anyone right now. I'll whip something up." He about-faced and stalked out of the library.
His eye was really hurting. He went to the kitchen and prised an old-fashioned metal ice tray from the bottom of the wee snowy freezer compartment. He found a tea towel, wrapped it round a few cubes, and went back into the little parlour to sit and hold the cold pack to his eye.
John sighed and began to peel the label from his bottle of beer. "No, Sherlock. The point…the point is that if either of us had done our best, then maybe Nora would have two parents right now. We'd be sniping at each other, but at least Mary would be alive." A bitter smile stretched his mouth.
." Freddy Conran's breath was a nauseating admixture of curry, beer, and poor dental hygiene. He shoved the barrel of the weapon into Sherlock's mouth, splitting his lip and knocking against his teeth. Sherlock tasted metal and oil and tried not to gag as the bore pushed against the back of his throat. "Where's the fucking case, you fuck?"
More. He was hoping for more, he could admit that much to himself. But in the end, if Sherlock couldn't manage to say goodbye, John would have to live with it. He'd scarcely reacted to John's announcement at all. John hadn't expected
Sherlock frowned. "You've become extraordinarily unsympathetic. Do you treat all your patients like that?"
"Not yet. Nobody in the immediate vicinity owns a black Mercedes SUV, and according to the intel Mycroft's people collected, the Morans keep themselves to themselves when they're at the house."
Mycroft nodded round the table and left the room as quickly as dignity permitted. "Car," he barked at Anthea, and dashed down the hallway. The Bartók phrase rang again, dissonant, shivering down his spine.
Nora gave him one of her exaggeratedly patient expressions. "They work out what makes people sick, Daddy. In a laboratory."
"That's why she took the trouble to find you." John put his arm round Mary's shoulders and kissed her cheek. "I'm sorry, love."
"I know." John licked his lips. Sherlock was an arm's length away – too close. John wanted to pace again, but held himself still, caught by his own confusion. He forced himself to meet Sherlock's eyes, and his heart ached so badly he felt like roaring with frustration. Handsome, yeah, in that sort of weird way, but like someone cleverer than John once said, loving someone for their looks was like buying a house for its paint. It was Sherlock's brilliance that he admired, his intrepid soul, his raw courage, and those little flashes of a heart even more guarded than John's own. "Sorry. What were you saying? Whatever happens…?"
'So do I,' said Gandalf. 'And I wonder many other things. Good-bye now! Take care of yourself! Look out for me, especially at unlikely times! Good-bye!'
John went back into his room and picked up a folder stuffed with takeaway menus. He paged through them idly. Chinese sounded excellent. No, maybe curry, some ultra-hot stuff. Or a pizza, maybe, he hadn't had pizza in forever. Actually, at this point, he didn't much care – despite Sherlock's snotty remark and dubious expression, John's stomach was making plaintive demands for just about anything. In another five minutes he'd start gnawing on the folder of menus.
'Discomfort' – that was a nice word. It was usually the physician's euphemism for 'excruciating pain' but fuck it – he wanted to get home. "All right." He met Mycroft's scarily intense gaze. "Thanks for this."
They reached the house in good time. A delicious perfume of cooking hung in the air. "Kofta! Yum yum yum." Nora tore off her coat and hat.
grateful for was not having to admit that spending time with a too-tall, overfriendly actor had shifted his perspective slightly, or that something as ridiculous as a story written by a mooning fan had helped to unlock his heart just a little. He'd moved beyond all that, anyhow. Whatever happened, it wasn't according to anybody's conscious design but his and John's. Not many people realised that; he was lucky.
The persistent shrill of the doorbell woke him. Sherlock climbed out of bed, dragging the sheet round his body and trudging downstairs. He scratched his head, encountered the unyielding clay, and decided to shower immediately. His hair felt disgusting.
"Sorry, force of habit." Tom turned and went back into the bedroom. "You don't think Ben's in serious trouble?"
"Shit," he groaned, and threw the covers back. He hadn't the least idea how to approach the mess he'd made – although he wasn't quite ready to accept blame for John's overreaction which, though understandable, was still an overreaction. He probed delicately at his puffy eye and winced. Perhaps a policy of cautious avoidance for at least a short while was the best plan.
For an answer, Sherlock threw his jacket aside and lunged for the remote control on the table. He switched on the television and found the news channel.
Sudden panic seized and tore at him, cat's claws shredding his insides. His head wasn't in the clouds. He kept up with the news, he voted, he paid taxes, he'd given as much attention as possible to the details of his house and motorbike and car purchases. He lived within his means and was more successful than either of his parents had been at his age, and he was well on his way to complete security. He was a responsible adult, but this was the official end of his tether. He'd never been responsible for someone's life before.
"Bullshit," Mary said over the now-loud drone of sirens. "You haven't needed to bluff in so long that you've forgotten how."
"No, I'm fine. Thanks anyway." Jim thumped onto the sofa and sprawled comfortably. He'd changed from his suit into jeans and a t-shirt. The t-shirt was Marc Jacobs, not standard IT-guy wear, but Molly didn't know that. He patted the sofa. "Sit. How've you been?"
Moriarty heaved a sigh. "Oh, come on, Sherlock. You're not going to invoke ordinary sentiment at this late date?"
a fuck." He turned and dug in his bag, withdrawing a narrow garden trowel about thirty centimetres long, with a sharp point on the digging end.
Sherlock sniffled and cringed away, noticing Henry's relaxed stance, the way his tongue crept out to swipe at the corner of his mouth, the confident upward tilt of his chin.
"Tell me what you do know." Sherlock shifted and winced, suddenly aware that the medical team had wrapped his entire body in gauze and that it was beginning to ache again. He felt something sticky underneath the soft wrappings.
"Mycroft gave me a book on communicable diseases on my tenth birthday," Sherlock remarked, a faint smile on his face. "Lots of illustrations."
No time to think about it at present, he decided, and switched lights on, then moved cautiously into the front room. Pristine, looked as though nobody ever went in there. There was a tiny loo – clean except for a folded flannel on the sink. Wet, recently used.
The phone began to shrill again. Sherlock felt John start in surprise and squeezed his leg in warning.
"Well, it's entirely possible that I'm going to be stuck here for a long while, you know. It's not as if we have a means of controlling inflationary expansion. Cumberbatch said that Mycroft's working on the problem, I told you that if you recall, but Christ knows how long it'll be."
Graham Charles Lowe:  "development director" for middling theatre, a.k.a. professional beggar, taste in clothes the same sort of subdued cuts and fabrics Mycroft wore – they probably used the same boring tailor. Despised Sherlock on sight despite fawning over him and dropping the names of a dozen plays Cumberbatch had apparently done; fancied Tom and stared at his hands incessantly.
-level attention. Spying on me. Watching me, listening in on my phone calls. And getting Big Brother to help you out. Every breath you take," he sang, off-key. "Every moooove you maaake…am I warm?"
Nora had taken the news with so little reaction John had feared that she hadn't comprehended what he'd told her, and now, as she saw her mother, she emitted a soft, high-pitched succession of whimpers, like a small hurt animal, and it took a moment for John to discern the meaning behind the sounds.
"Wakey-wakey!" Moriarty crowed, snapping his fingers almost under Benedict's nose. "Goodness me, Sherlock. Did someone unplug you, or are you having some sort of wet dream or something? About Johnny? It's that soldier thing, right?" Moriarty fanned himself with his hand. "I get it. I can give you five minutes if you need the loo. A bit awkward with me sitting out here, but you've gotta do what you've gotta do."
his life. If ever he'd stood at a crossroads, he'd not tarried long; he'd chosen a direction and walked away, and if he was unhappy and exhausted, who did he have to blame but himself?
"Yeah, follow me," Lestrade said, and led the way down a long corridor to a room furnished with a table and four chairs. And a body on the table, draped with an emergency blanket.
Sherlock's stomach clenched. His erection had mostly subsided, but there was an odd tumult in his chest that had nothing to do with sexual impulse.
"What –" Sherlock pulled away too late to prevent something sharp from jabbing into the flesh beneath his ear. Instinctively he grabbed for the handle, jerking his hand from his pocket to yank the needle out. The door was locked, and Sebastian Moran held the injection pen in his hand. Sudden warmth flooded Sherlock's body. "Christ, what did you –"
Sherlock pressed himself against Mycroft. "Your pupils are dilating. You know, during the Cold War the Canadian government came up with a pupillometry device to determine the existence of homosexuals in their civil service bureaus. They'd show the subjects risqué imagery and watch pupillary response. They called it the fruit machine. Trouble was, it didn't really work all that well. Not everybody has the same response to graphic imagery, and some people can control mydriasis better than others. But the eyes are still a fair indicator of cognitive, emotional and sensory reaction. We read cues all the time, in the eyes, and in other ways as well." He grasped Mycroft's wrist and pressed his thumb against the pulse. Gatiss wanted Cumberbatch. Had wanted him for a long time.
The bed dipped beneath Tom's body. Benedict was wriggling out of Tom's arms and pushing himself into a sitting position at the edge of the bed. Through sleep-hazed eyes Tom watched Ben sink his head into his hands for a long, still moment, then ruffle his hair angrily and stand up, a bit wobbly on his feet.
"You feel fine," John mused. He dug his phone out of his pocket, turned on the camera, and reversed the view, handing the phone over to Sherlock. "Look at yourself. Look at your pupils. That's a pretty extreme disparity in size. If you've got a brain bleed, you're going to be sorry you didn't get an MRI."
No answer. John put his hand on the knob; the lock didn't work, and it would be easy enough to just barge in – both of them had done that, to his mortification and Sherlock's complete indifference. As he turned the knob, he heard a muttered response. "Can I come in?" he asked.
But slowly, so slowly it hurt, little things occurred to him, coalescing into a notion so beyond rationality it made Scientology seem completely plausible. "You wouldn't run on Friday morning."
"I'm just glad Sherlock's not with Martin," Benedict said. "Martin's really good at taking the piss, and Sherlock would have given himself away. As it is, I suppose he's been able to keep a lid on things at that end as well."
"The thing is, I'm not really Sherlock Holmes. I'm an actor. My name's Benedict Cumberbatch, and I play Sherlock on a television programme. There was an accident, and Sherlock and I switched places three days ago, when he was electrocuted in the flat."
"Of course you hadn't." John sat back and looked out the window. "Thanks for coming over last night."
A thin wail filtered up into the attic, unlike Rosie’s usual healthy bellow of abandonment-fuelled outrage. John frowned, got to his feet, wincing at the pop in his knees, and picked his way through the boxes to the attic door. He scrambled down the steep steps and gently pushed open Rosie’s door. “Sweetheart?”
Tom stared, still sniffling and coughing through the towel. It was soaked, trickling into his throat – not as painful as before, but no treat.
"I was coming willingly," Sherlock said, his tongue feeling heavy; he wasn't certain he'd even articulated that correctly. "Why the hell…the hell would…." He grasped for the rest of the sentence and felt it slide away from him. He scrabbled again at the door and couldn't get his fingers to close round the handle.
The idea didn't immediately appeal to him. He'd travelled extensively, and he didn't want Nora out of school. "Yeah. That…."
"You always seem out of sorts," John said. He stared at Benedict, and let out a derisive little laugh. "Christ, I'm so fucking stupid. Let's just forget about it, yeah? Let go." He struggled to break Benedict's grip.
Tom thought morbidly. He rubbed his burning cheek against the floor in an attempt to dislodge the rope from around his face.
"Yeah, yeah," John laughed, but his face had gone noticeably pink, even in the grey light of the bedroom. "I used to read about you in the papers and online. Not a lot, it was too…but sometimes, yeah. You never worked with anybody else."
Frantically, Benedict cast about for something that would convince John he was telling the truth. "John, please. Please listen. The reason I sorted out Irene Adler's mobile code so quickly is because I already knew it. We filmed it weeks ago. Sherlock's brilliant, unquestionably, but he's not a fucking mind reader." In the bedroom, John was pulling his phone and a set of earbuds from his coat pocket. "And – and in the loo, when Jim showed up, I was desperate, close to tears, and – would Sherlock react like that? Has he ever, ever been uncertain of himself that you've seen?" John plugged the earbuds into his ears, tapped his phone screen a few times, and walked toward him with a stony expression on his face. "Please, John, I've been stuck here for two days and I'm at my wits' end – look, we'll call Mycroft, he'll tell you –" Benedict reached out to John only to have John shove him backward and slam the door in his face. "John!"
Shocked, John flinched, then stiffened, staring at Benedict with wide eyes. He felt the gentle swipe of Ben's tongue, no, Sherlock's tongue – oh, what the fuck was he playing at? This was mad – across his lip, and tightened his mouth, then opened it and accepted the kiss.
"I told you to fuck off. And you were right. You were right, and I was wrong." John let out a cawing sob and clapped a hand to his mouth, bending his head to his knees.
John tried to keep himself from bucking forward like a kid, all untaught force and no control. He forced himself to stay still, but Sherlock was enclosing him, deep-throating, his muscles clenching and unclenching, and at last John couldn't keep still a moment longer. He thrust forward, fucking Sherlock's mouth, until he came in violent, racking shudders that left him exhausted. He sprawled on the sofa, trying to catch his breath and caress Sherlock's hair at the same time.
, Sherlock, I was just making an observation." John pushed back his chair and got to his feet. "I need the loo. Back in a bit."
Not for nothing had Benedict made a really thorough study of the identity and character of Sherlock Holmes in the 21st century. He had his full name, date and place of birth, parents' names, even his NHS number memorised, along with sundry other information that might have proved useful. He paused in the midst of filling out forms.
"Oh, God," Benedict said. "It's at the flat. In Sherlock's coat pocket. I meant to bring it and forgot. What…did you know she was dead?"
"Come to find out about the painting, I expect." The woman drew on a Gauloise Brune and blew out a cloud of smoke that smelled simultaneously rank and divine. Her made-up eyes scrutinised Sherlock narrowly, but without evident hostility or suspicion.
"Erm – yeah, sure, come on in." Molly opened the door wider and stepped aside to let Jim in. "Sorry it's sort of messy. I –"
John was in the tiny parlour, curled up on the sofa, reading one of the paperbacks Benedict had brought. Although Benedict's bedroom door creaked horribly, John didn't look up as Benedict emerged and went into the little loo.
"There's that," Tom admitted, taking the letter from Sherlock's hand. "Leave it to you to be logical. I don't want to think about it anymore – certainly not tonight. Thanks for listening, though."
He'd been so careful; he used a separate account, and it wasn't much. It hadn't been much. Lately, little amounts had been adding up. Had Mary looked at his phone? She'd always respected his privacy, but….
She remembered the scope well. It was a Leupold, outstanding clarity and durability. She remembered the photo, too:  she'd taken the fucking thing herself.
"Because I'm going to take you to dinner, and you're going to wear that dress. And then maybe I'll rip it off your body afterward."
"Good. Great." John felt himself starting to smirk and bit the inside of his cheek hard. "The injection went fine – with luck he'll be bounding about in a week or so."
He made his way to street level and began walking toward 221B. There had to be some grounding point, some means of connection, some fine grain of data that would provide answers to his problem.
Sherlock regarded John: his beaming, weathered face, his silly Nordic jumper, the smear of dust on his nose. A tide of emotion threatened to undo him. “You’re giving me the worst of it.”
"Jesus Christ…." John dropped his book on a side table. "You know, I don't bother lecturing you about preventative care, because I know you don't give a toss. But we've moved beyond that. You know that, don't you? God – have you even eaten today?"
"Yeah, I am a bit," John said. "Tossed and turned last night. Thinking." He smiled at Sherlock, who blinked, looking uncertain. "About us." He hadn't slept at all, in fact, torn between elation and apprehension. For the second time in his life he was contemplating a life with Sherlock, but this time – he hoped – it would be for good. Nora was older now, perhaps more fragile, but was any time optimal for parents to break up? Maybe when the kids had moved out of the house. In any case, he'd find some way to explain it to her. And maybe Mary would take it well. Surely she knew that things hadn't been great for some time. She had money, lots of it – she could go wherever she liked, see Nora whenever she liked. Everything would be okay.
Tresler's mouth twisted to one side. "My mother gave me the book. If I ever needed shelter, help, a little money – not a lot, mind – I had these people. Reliable friends. Of course, I didn't know who they were until after my father died and then I didn't want any part of her schemes."
"My na –" Sherlock halted. Wherever he was, they thought he was Ben Cumberbatch, actor. Questioning of the perceptual grasp of experience through physical objects dated at least back to Plato and his cave allegory, without the encumbrance of religion. Not the most popular or encouraged questioning, though current thinking disputed it less and less. Why not expand accepted laws of physics and the distribution of matter into and even beyond the reaches of the known universe, Vilenkin's Level 2? A thousand layers of reality with a thousand Sherlocks lying on a thousand beds, and in some of those layers, Sherlock's name was Ben Cumberbatch. Everything else seemed absolutely ordinary. Disappointing.
Tom lifted his head and turned to Sherlock. His eyes were red, and tears had cut clean salt tracks down his dirty face. "Why were you like that?"
"No, you don't," Moran said. He took a drink and fixed Sherlock with a steely glare. "Which brings me to the reason for my visit, actually. You broke into my house, you and your friend."
"Hello." The man gave John a mirthless smile, and then John saw a fist coming at his face like a meteor. Pain exploded in his vision, and he staggered backwards and fell. Through the inverted V of his assailant's legs, he saw two black-clad men carrying the body of a third.
"You know, I always thought if that ever happened to me, something similar, it would be…strangers, someone who wanted a ransom. I didn't think it would be a fr…someone I knew."
Benedict wanted to give John one last exhortation to follow his heart, but instead, he leant forward, careful of the wires and stickers, and embraced John warmly. "Take care of yourself," he said, and moved back. "And Sherlock too. He needs you more than he'll ever admit."
Cumberbatch's voice boomed out, but distantly, as if he'd been yanked backward into a tunnel. "Your hand –"
"Of course," Dr Choudhury soothed him. She got to her feet and held out her hand. John got up on his own, bracing himself against the wall. "I'll be back in a few hours, Dr Watson. I'll let the staff know to help you in any way they can."
The softness of Moriarty's voice sent a chill down Benedict's spine. "You really expected me to say yes?"
"I'm not sick, John. But it's good of you to say that." Sherlock smiled at John, one of those smiles John never saw outside the confines of 221B.
"I don't see why I should." Sherlock was peevish. Prevaricating for three hours had exhausted him more than the most physically and mentally demanding case ever had. "He's a grown man; surely he's had his share of meaningless acts of…intimate…erm, congress."
He hadn't had much wine, though, a few glasses, and he was suddenly desperate. He pinned her close, and she thrust her pelvis back and forth, rocking against him. He pushed back, but after a moment or two of grinding he still couldn't quite get hard enough.
Nora's eyes shone, and she put her little hand in Sherlock's large one. He undid her belt with one hand, scooped up her purple backpack, and drew her down the aisle, then guided her down the stairs toward the black car that waited at the end of the runway. She broke free from Sherlock's grip and ran.
we called it, and it was all about Irene Adler and her scheme, and Bond Air was just one part of it, not exactly a red herring, but a kind of false bottom, you know – there are quite a few of them in the episode and it's all a bit convoluted, but I'm certain they'll sort it all out in editing. But it was the airline bit, the terrorist plot with Moriarty and your lot had the idea to use all those dead bodies –"
The other radiology tech, Kevin, grinned. "Wow – Hatman and Robin in the flesh." There were no words for how stupid that moniker was, so John simply offered Kevin a tight smile. Kevin seemed to realise that his overfamiliarity was inappropriate and turned his attention to Sherlock. "Well. Let's get you in, shall we?"
"You didn't reveal her identity when she shot you for John's sake. You killed Magnussen for John's sake. Why are you still protecting her?"
"Okay." Tom trudged off to the bathroom, and Sherlock went into the bedroom to change clothes. His were dirty, and if by some miracle the police did happen to stop by, it would be better not to have clothes soiled with dirt from the Burgess property as well as sticky gaffer tape residue. He found an old, soft grey t-shirt with some sort of architectural design on it and a pair of tracksuit bottoms.
"Not especially. We were just comparing notes." No point in getting Tetchy more involved than he needed to be. Sherlock beamed at him. "I've got some crazy ones."
“I’m sure things will be sorted out in their own good time,” Gautam said, patting Martha’s hand and squeezing it gently. “Goodness, one would think they were your own sons the way you worry about them.”
"You're having dinner with Tom?" Cumberbatch scratched the nape of his neck – nervous habit, he'd done it last time, Sherlock had noted. "How is he?"
He sank back against the pillows, ignoring whatever the orderly was saying, ignoring the steadily increasing rain, and focusing on the pain in his body, because surely it was the pain that was causing the grittiness in his eyes and the tightness in his throat and chest and surely a very large helping of oxycodone or morphine or fentanyl or any fucking thing would take that away, and preferably sooner rather than later. He just needed to know where John was; just knowing that he was nearby would ease it all a bit.
"Hair." Specifically, blonde hair that he'd obtained from one of the pillows in John and Mary's bedroom the night before. "I need a comparison analysis against the hair collected from Lady Howe's dress lining."
"Yeah, a bit. Let's get in, it's cold." Mary held the door open for them, then closed it and pulled the curtain. "I was famished, so I started dinner. Creamy chicken with veg and rice, hope that's okay." She smiled at them both. The makeup round her eyes was a bit smeared, and tiny threads of red marred the whites of her eyes.
"No headache," Sherlock said. "And I don't have any intention of putting my knee under strain. Or anything else, to be perfectly honest. This is about you, not me." He gave John a grin that was simultaneously carnal and innocent.
"Yeah, but you didn't have sex with all those other people, except Loo. Thank God she's cool." TWH sighed. "Anyhow, I've bought you some time. I don't know what's going to happen when the week's up and you have to go back to work."
"Oh." She turned a bit pink. "Right, save the intimacies for intimates. Quite right. My PA calls me Looce sometimes and I've got to correct her."
Benedict checked his watch:  half past twelve. He craved a cigarette and a cup of tea and something to eat. He needed a respite, and he needed it out of the flat, because the flat was still far too much like a stage set. And he wanted John along. John's presence was relaxing, soothing. "Let's have…lunch." He'd almost said dinner.
"Anyway, no need to decide immediately. We've got a week to think about it. I've been looking at the reservation site…." John trailed off, watching Nora's face. A year ago, she'd have been bouncing in her chair, if not shrieking (she was never a shrieker, for which John was perhaps selfishly grateful) about a party, any party, and now she was shrugging like a hostile teenager. And party buses, for fuck's sake? With strobe lights and mocktails and a pole for ten-year-olds? Not if he had breath in his body.
aired. The little innuendoes that Steven and Mark and Steve had thrown in there hadn't gone unnoticed, obviously, but people – fans and critics alike – had latched onto something besides those remarks. And why not? Martin had gone on record as calling it the gayest story in the history of television, after which Steven had ticked him off rather soundly. Martin had been red in the face and pissed off, but he'd only vented to Benedict. "Why all the fucking gay comments if he doesn't want anyone to think they're gay? How fucking stupid does he think people are?" he'd fumed.
sake," Tom said. His voice was soft, but there was an edge of steel in it Sherlock hadn't heard before. "I've had just about enough."
"If you'd like that, John, I'd be delighted." Sherlock closed his eyes. Oh, God, he had heard correctly, hadn't he?
He stuck his fingers in his hair and rubbed briskly, then heaved a sigh and went back to YouTube, resuming the programme. He sat in silence, watching his life – his and John's, the beginning of their life together – unfold on the little screen. As he watched, he relaxed a bit. He wasn't given to nostalgia – waste of time – but he couldn't help smiling at an odd detail here and there. Lestrade's weary patience, John's confusion –
"We're home!" John called, and closed the door behind him. He helped Nora out of her soaking coat and gave her the takeaway bag. "Sweetheart, take that into the kitchen, okay? Give me your bag, it's wet. Take off your shoes." He hung her things, then struggled out of his coat.
"Get out," Benedict said. "And if John so much as stubs his toe in jail, you'll find out exactly what kind of angel I am."
"Just lie still," Tom murmured. The tip of his tongue caressed the inner rim of Sherlock's ear, then the edge of his earlobe. "I'll make you feel wonderful."
She nodded and attempted another smile, but it looked like a grimace. "I will be. I'm going to run upstairs and fix my face."
"Yeah, I know, but I've come a long way and it's late and I don't want to wake them. Can't you tell me? I swear I won't breathe a word to anybody," Sherlock wheedled.
A few synapses sizzled and expired. "Erm…no." He blinked, awash in confusion and trying to read John's twisted little half-smile and reconcile it to what sounded like warmth in his voice.
"Right." If he tied Tom up, then…touched him a little, perhaps, it would all be over very quickly without any need for hedging or excuses. From the looks of him, he hadn't far to go before orgasm; his cock was nearly flat against his belly and glistening at the tip.
He ran faster and faster, his breath laboured, his knees pumping high, picking up velocity until every unsavoury thought blurred into ferocious concentration on the physical and the sensation of pure speed.
"Every little bit of it." Moriarty took his phone from his pocket. "I've got my own folder for you. Look." He began to scroll through photographs. "Here's you at the last meeting with your brother. Looks like he wants to hug you, but you're having none of it. Oh, here's Copenhagen, this is Madrid, here's New Delhi – God, Sherlock, you wore that stupid coat in September, amazing. Ah…here's Dhaka."
"Did you know what was going to happen?" John demanded, suddenly suspicious. Mycroft's perpetual composure was annoying at best.
, Mycroft," Sherlock drawled, and slumped further down in the chair. He yawned, then got up, found some paracetamol, and dry-swallowed four. His knee complained as he went to the mantel and picked up the phone. He gave the Watson family photo another glance, then took the phone to the sofa and collapsed, working his feet out of his shoes but not bothering to remove his coat or scarf.
"Difficult to explain," Mycroft said. "All in all, though, a rather elegant solution to get you home. Please take them."
"He's pretty methodical, actually. He pays the bills, does all the budgeting. I mostly just give him cash for the rent and utilities and tax and stuff. It's worked so far."
After Nora was safely back in her room, Mary fetched the heavy envelope and card, took a lighter out to the garden, and burned it over the barbecue, watching the edges curl and crumble, watching bright flecks of fire drifting up into the cold night.
He went upstairs, shed his clothes, and stepped into the shower, luxuriating under the powerful spray. He shampooed his hair, digging his fingertips into his scalp – even the air felt dirtier here – and took up one of those puffy net things to scrub his body with some bright, peppery-smelling body wash.
"I want to get to Lady Howe's dry cleaner first thing tomorrow morning," Sherlock said. He cleared his throat and blushed slightly. "I've also got an appointment with an orthopaedic surgeon."
"Yeah. Here's one. Erm, fee seventeen thousand pounds – shit! Purchaser, estate of Bärlau family, represented by Meredith Howe."
know wouldn't just fall for his flatmate. The most dull, pathetic, boring, ordinary person on the face of the earth. Look at him, for God's sake! He's got a face like a potato. A little round potato. It's just so
Sherlock picked up the violin's voice again, putting a little extra vibrato on the final notes and ending with a flourish. He stood still for a moment, breathing softly, his eyes closed.
Sherlock took a deep breath, composed his features into an agreeable mask, and opened the door. "Fine."
Sherlock back-buttoned quickly, but couldn't help the minuscule sensation of triumph that pervaded him.
"Maybe on my way back, then. I read about – "Sherlock fumbled his phone from his pocket. "Er, Maddstone House? Owned by the Burgess family."
The taxi driver got a call on his mobile, and Benedict distracted himself by looking out the window. Mycroft lived very near Hyde Park, and it was comforting to see the familiar sights pass by; it was like his London again, on any fine summer day.
For a long while the only sounds in the kitchen were the clinking of cutlery against the heavy pottery plates, the music, and occasional approving grunts as they ate. The level of the champagne dropped steadily, and finally Sherlock sat back, his stomach almost uncomfortably full.
"Thank you." Lord Moran removed his coat and gave the sofa an anxious glance before carefully draping the coat over the sofa's arm and seating himself gingerly. "Isn't this…cosy."
Tom was silent for a long moment. "Please don't say that," he said at last. "You know that's not what I meant."
Mycroft ignored Sherlock altogether. "Dr Watson," he said flatly. "How nice to see you again after all this time."
Benedict began to walk round the kitchen, gathering up what looked like rubbish and throwing it in the bin liner. He found the syringe that John had mentioned, stuffed with something unidentifiable; it looked a bit like melting plastic. He pitched it and began clearing the table, putting dirty flasks and tubes in the sink. No dishwasher, damn it. He hated washing dishes. Anyway, John was still in the shower.
Mary, gingerly holding a double armful of boxwood garland, paused and considered. "Just a titch higher, I think."
The picture changed to two newsreaders. "I'm sure we're all looking forward to that," one said to the other.
"Well, we'll see about that, I suppose. I'll be back in a moment." She heaved herself off the sofa and left the room, walking slowly.
He searched but found only clips and dozens and dozens of 'vids.' He clicked on a 'Johnlock' vid and watched in bemusement; nothing more than their facial expressions, mostly, set to some insipid pop tune. What was the point? Bored, he scrolled down to the comments.
Nine weeks had passed since the funeral, and they hadn't clapped eyes on each other once. Given the past four years, it wasn't extraordinary, but it had cut keenly nonetheless. Still, Sherlock had kept his distance, exercising the greatest self-control he'd ever mustered in his entire life.  He'd confined his communications to texts, and that, at least, had meant they were talking to one another, after a fashion.
and you've never come to a single one until now. May I introduce Lord Lindsay Sherwood and his divine wife Elise? Or do you already know one another?" She turned to the man beside her. "Are you acquainted with Mycroft Holmes? He's –"
Well, maybe. So what? Anyway, John having a date was convenient; that gave Benedict a bit of time to explore the flat for some dirt on Mycroft, something to make their impending meeting a bit easier. The thought of being one-on-one with him made Benedict's heart stutter.
"I'm not in shock!" Why did people always defer to shock when they hadn't the faintest clue what was wrong with someone? Who were these idiots? And if John wasn't here, when he'd been just a moment ago –
"Look, John, look for God' s sake!" Sherlock waved the letter impatiently. "This is a letter from Lord Moran's younger brother Sebastian, written in the early eighties, addressed to 'Dear Steenie.'
"Well…not really. We're not angry at each other anymore, but we're not exactly good friends, either."
"Oh." Damn right Sherlock was cold; his body was trembling. "Okay. Your core temperature's dropped a bit, but we'll bundle you up and the tea will help." He pulled off Sherlock's shoes.
As he sank back, staring upward into nothingness, a bright light blinded him, and he shielded his eyes with his hand.
Benedict's throat felt as if it were packed full of sand. A flurry of terrifying images whirled through his head:  South Africa, that dark road, the chaos of that night he thought would be his last. Cautiously, his eyes fixed on the gunman, he sank to his knees, his hands in the air.
Tom laughed. "Glad I'm driving." He poked Sherlock in the arm. "I'm teasing. You've earned it. You've had a peculiar few days, haven't you?"
"Fine," Sherlock said. "You can arrange two tickets to Belfast, then, care of the same firm that shuttled the elusive Ms Cantwell."
"Excellent idea." Sherlock lifted the phone and ordered tea, biscuits, and paracetamol. "The best thing about this sort of hotel is twenty-four hour room service. To a limited degree, at least."
But he hadn't been totally fine with it, even though Martin, straight Martin, had accepted it with no problem at all. Had that ambivalence bled through somehow? It was an intriguing thought –
the world's nicest guy. He was downright rude most of the time and exquisitely courteous only when he chose to be; it wasn't as if he didn't know the difference. Probably. But it didn't mean he didn't care, sometimes at least. But it wasn't fair to say John didn't have his own life. "I've got lots of imagination." He moved forward and kissed Maisie lightly on the lips.
Benedict compressed his mouth into a tight line. Moriarty. Moriarty was why. Even if things weren't happening exactly according to the script, there still remained his manipulation of the justice system, elaborate false identity, manoeuvring crimes to discredit Sherlock – and Sherlock wasn't
He squeezed his hands into tight little fists and felt his nails digging into the soft skin of his palms. He squeezed and squeezed until there was pain, and the bright hot trickle of blood slippery against his fingertips. Jim looked up at the flickering bluish fluorescent light trapped behind its wire cage and smiled dreamily.
Sherlock's eyes moved back and forth again under his lids, and he mumbled something. His breath hitched abruptly, and he opened his eyes.
The scissors clattered to the floor, and Moriarty's arms encircled Sherlock once more. Sherlock endured the unwanted embrace silently, his mind racing. Were the bombs already on a timer? Unlikely, given the method of delivery. A member of one of Moriarty's cells would have to come in to each store to assemble or ready the device. If they were static now, all the better. He felt Moriarty's hands moving up and down his belly and over his hips.
"There we are." He tore the sheet from the book and handed it to Enright, who stared at the inscription in utter bewilderment.
'All measured mass energy occurs on the boundary of the multiverse. All non-measured mass energy occurs in the interior of the multiverse. For measured mass energy, inertial mass energy equals gravitational mass energy. For non‐measured mass energy, the inertial mass energy is always zero but virtual mass energy that is not measured always has nonzero gravitational mass energy. Dark energy has zero inertial mass energy and negative gravitational mass energy. Dark matter has zero inertial mass energy and positive gravitational mass energy. Is the preceding a meaningless farrago of verbiage?'
Replete and with only a slight headache to attest to the excitement of the afternoon, Sherlock reached down for his shoes. "Ready to go, John?"
"Oh, I give you marks for acting, Mr Cumberbatch," Mycroft said. "You've managed to pull the wool over John's eyes, and I expect he knows Sherlock better than anyone, myself excepted."
"Can't think why. It's not as if it was his fault your father cheated incessantly on your mother, or that he died under mysterious circumstances. Everybody knew what a bastard he was – there weren't a lot of condolence cards in that cabinet of yours, likely because everyone knew your mother was well rid of him. But there was something a bit funny about the way he died –" Sherlock's last words left him in a rush of air as Moran swung the cane, searing Sherlock's upper thigh.
And it had taken his mind, briefly, off Mycroft's patronising airs, poorly disguised beneath a thin veneer of brotherly concern. Encroaching ennui – what did he know? One opened the OED to the phrase "emotionally stunted" and found Mycroft's face instead of an entry.
John's attention drifted from the dresses to a large carrier bag on the floor beside the bed. "And what's that?"
Relieved, Benedict nodded. He was amazed at John's restraint, though; he'd have burned with curiosity to know what was going to happen. "I do wish I could show you the series, though. I think you'd love it. One of the really brilliant things about it is that we really focus on John's internal process, a lot more than any of the other adaptations."
"I've got it." Benedict whipped his phone from his pocket. It was a long shot, and oh God it would be terrifying, but what other choice did he have? He found the number he sought and sent a text.
John looked steadily at Sherlock. "Everyone has off days. Even you. I mean, this is the first I've seen of it, but still. Tell me what you need, Sherlock. Anything. I'll do it." God, that sounded…but it was true. Fuck it. It was true.
The first officer ducked her head into the cabin. "We're ready to depart, Ms Watson. Would you mind buckling your safety belt and placing your bag on the floor?"
Sherlock waited beside him, turning to watch the foot traffic in front of Dedalus Communications. A Greek food truck painted blue and white squatted next to the kerb, sending out aromas of souvlaki, moussaka, and halloumi, reminding Sherlock he hadn't bothered with any of the free food. He tilted his nose and sniffed as a woman walked by munching on an enormous gyro.
“Of course. I’m glad to hear it.” Mycroft gestured toward a door. “Would you like a drink? There’s a fire going in the library.”
"So presumably, if there was some sort of falling out that precipitated her murder, it happened after that. She did send him a Christmas card, not that it's overflowing with warmth. Keep looking, John." Sherlock found another Christmas card with a saccharine Nativity scene on the front: a dishwater-blonde, pale-skinned Mary and sappily doting Joseph looming over an impossibly rosy-cheeked blond infant Christ. Sherlock opened the card.
He'd started noticing little things he hadn't, details of dress and demeanour and habit, before Sherlock had come into his life, and if every once in a great while he unfurled his wings and made a stab or two at deduction, he never told Sherlock, because Sherlock, the smug bastard, would have shown him up, down, and sideways. Still, he thought he was developing a small skill here and there. For example, the woman near the door was wearing shoes that were scuffed at the heel and toe, while her clothes looked fresh off a shop rail. What might that mean? Maybe she was scrimping on her wardrobe budget to please her husband – or maybe the grumpy-looking bloke with her wasn't her husband at all, but her lover, and they were stealing a quick lunch after a roll in the hay and she didn't want to wear her good shoes and arouse suspicion….
—" A heavy arm crushed Sherlock's windpipe, and he felt himself dragged up against a broad chest. "You're fucked next time I see you," the voice whispered in his ear, and the arm let go and heaved Sherlock forward.
With a tremendous effort, Sherlock focussed on Lord Moran, staring straight ahead in the front seat. "Lord. Lord Moran." Sherlock's mouth was desert-dry. "You can't…do this…."
Sherlock worked up more moisture in his mouth, then opened it widely and enclosed the now-jutting prick. He sucked hard, remembering Mycroft's efforts to keep silent, and pulled back to nuzzle the slit and tease at the head, sliding his tongue round and round, dipping his head down, increasing suction, plunging deeper, half-gagging on cock. He slid his hand into his own trousers and rubbed.
