They still had ten minutes. That was plenty of time... well, they could drink coffee in the car. Steve hoped he didn't look like he'd just been screwed by his Alpha. He checked himself in the mirror a little worriedly. Problem was he
"Stop complaining!  God! These millennials!  Always complaining! Have you two eaten?  Do you want some food before the interview?
More cheers.
was. Steve's heart sank.
Actually that was how Tony handled most emotionally devastating things.  His kidnapping had been different because there had been no alcohol in the cave and also Yinsen had been hovering around, pushing him in all the right directions.
"The world needs Captain America.  Not as an omega, not as a person... as a symbol, Rogers.  You signed up for this, you took that serum knowing that you were giving yourself to your country.  And now you're losing your head over..."  Fury's eye traveled to Tony, who was still drinking orange juice from the carton.
. He was slowly getting into it.
"How many of them were forced, huh?"
"It doesn't even matter. He'll be stuck in a freezer for at least another twenty years, that's what they've told Clint, so...it doesn't matter. Me and Tony are good now. I'm happy with him."
Steve slipped down off the bed and unbuttoned his shirt with deft fingers before he slid his jeans down too, putting everything into a neat pile on a chair before he finally slid his boxers down too. There was something about him being naked and Tony being totally dressed that thrilled Steve with the imbalance of power.
"Don't fight on the rug!" cried Banksy, looking alarmed that bleeding might occur in his house.
"Did I pass?" he asked.
"Hey," said Tony gently.  He wasn't sure where he was going with that, so he just repeated it.  "...hey."
Steve paced around in his living room for a while, checking on Tony occasionally to find him still sleeping peacefully in bed. It was nice to see him relaxed, without that frown on his face.
"--Bucky," said Tony hoarsely.  He could feel bile rising up in his throat.  He might throw up, after all.
"Sounds like there's more than a few people trying to get their hands on him," said Tony grimly.
"What am I supposed to say?  I don't even-- I don't even get his anatomy, for fuck's sake, I don't know a damn thing about omegas or heats or bonding, I thought we were both sterile, we weren't using protection because we had no idea that you could get knocked up during the honeymoon period--"
"Happy birthday, Steve," Happy offered from the driver's seat with a smile. Steve nodded back.
"So that's why, mostly, betas have betas but when you have, like, two Alphas, they almost always end up with an Alpha.  ...I think?  I don't really remember entirely.  I think there's a movie called
Pepper and Happy looked up at each other, still pinning Tony.  Happy bit his lip, trying not to laugh at the sheer ridiculousness of the situation.
"What was that all about?" asked Aria.
Steve was staring straight ahead at the orchid which Sam had rescued. It was sat on the dresser in a toothbrush cup. The white petals were dotted with his blood. His left hand twitched painfully in his lap. He'd maybe broken a few fingers.
The back of Steve's neck throbbed.
“Morning, Mr. Stark,” Steve greeted him, as professional as ever.  He figured he would act like everything was fine.  Because it was, fine, that is. Tony employed him (well, SHIELD did, but Tony didn't need to know that, yet). They didn’t have to agree on
"I want to see HYDRA
, Steve thought back. He didn't say it out loud, he didn't have to. His body language spoke volumes.
"Danielle McDavid," said one of the stage hands, pinning on Steve's microphone.
Happy watched with a concerned frown from the front seat.
"Yes. With drugs," Steve said quietly and his eyes glazed over a little. He swallowed. "It happened to me once. It's quite terrifying, honesty," he said, hands dropping back down to his sides. "It's often used like a date rape drug, I think. But it's by no means easy to get hold of. It's some pretty hardcore stuff."
, c'mon, just one, Donnie, one drink to celebrate with me."
She shrieked, putting her arms up to cover her chest.  "
brain about troubleshooting an AI program.  Have you been checking your e-mails?"
He had already given the psych eval a lot of thought and had decided that the most important thing was to coach himself to remember that, no matter what happened, it wasn't real.  Tony had taken plenty of drugs recreationally and he felt that if he could power through the initial fall down the rabbit hole, he'd be fine.  The danger came in forgetting that it was only a simulation.  But Tony had gotten good at lucidly dreaming; it was one of the best ways to control his nightmares.  Two years of practice had made it so that at least half the time, Tony could realize when something wasn't real; that knowledge was invaluable in the middle of an unconscious flashback.  That knowledge was often the difference between waking up screaming and waking up feeling merely unsettled.
Tony gave Steve a small smile and fingered the sheets.  "Yeah. Memory foam's great," he agreed. "...probably the best thing about the twenty-first century, along with Dippin' Dots and Slinkies."  He got up and walked over to the closet. Taking a cue from Steve, who was dressed, Tony pulled on some lounge clothes. Tony "lounge" style was a rather crazy amalgamation of things: a pair of MIT sweatpants that were probably older than Steve was, an extra-large olive Jack Daniels shirt that was Tony had gotten free at a bar trivia night, and a silk dressing gown that was probably worth several thousand dollars and had previously been owned by his father.
Tony nodded, trying to stave off his feelings.  What the hell was wrong with him? Was he getting sick?  Was that it? He was used to some pretty bad hangovers, but this... this was different.  This was worse. Tony struggled to sit still and not let his teeth chatter as the people in the room around him reassured him that the mark changing didn't mean his relationship had to.
you."
"JARVIS?" he hollered.  "I need diagnostics; am I dying, or...?"
"Nope," said Tony, tracking the ball with his eyes.  "...I still gotta pee."
In the living room, Steve, Happy, Phil, and Tiberius were still chatting.  He doubted he could agree to join an organization like Status Alliance (SHIELD would throw a fit, to say nothing of Aria), but Tiberius’s suggestion of a commercial sounded simple enough.
"Gotta admire that dedication, right?  Using water to torture a guy in the middle of the desert?  Those guys, man, it was an
Steve came with Tony and with a cry, the heels of his feet digging into the small of Tony's back and pulling him in as deep as possible as he filled him. It didn't feel as good with a thin layer of latex between them but fuck it still felt
"Stone, you help me carry Steve.  Aria and Gleason, take Tony." (The two were both flopped on the couch limply, happily riding the effects of Gleason's sedative.)  "Virginia, I assume you know the code... get us into the basement."
But Steve was here.  Him and Steve were together again.  Really, that was all that mattered.
Over Steve's shoulder, Tony saw the kids in white watching them, wide-eyed.  They looked kind of like they were in a cult.
"S-sorry," said Donner.
"Well, certainly, I've spoken to Gene, but... Kerry is a sweet, sensitive child.  I would really like her to be bonded to an Alpha as a primary mate."
Jesus. They had Steve exactly where they wanted him.
Gideon hung up.
In Steve's mind there had to be an
The monitors were plain blue-grey, swirling, showing nothing in particular.  Then, slowly, an image resolved.  Mountains.  Winter.  Show.  A rushing train.  And Steve was stretching for someone, someone Tony thought looked vaguely familiar but couldn't quite place him.
Still, he was a man of his word, and he went out to the Mojave desert, to a facility that was not on any map, in order to take a look.  And, admittedly, to be close to Bucky, who he knew was there somewhere.
"Thank you.  Your cooperation is very much appreciated," said T'Chaka, who obviously sensed Tony's discomfort.  He seemed to genuinely understand the gravity of the request and his tone was sincere.
"Since always.  He wears a hearing aid.  It's like a cochlear implant thing.  But it was SHIELD property and since we're on unpaid leave, they took it.  I mean, it's fine, he's pretty good at reading lips."
Also, remembering how he'd casually bet Steve without thinking after saying he wouldn't made his heart pound.  Was he a bad person? Fuck. What if he had lost to Ron? Tony hadn't remembered the bet with Ron until just now and guilt ate away at him.
Tony felt something curdle inside him.
was what Steve wanted to say. But instead he settled with: "They say opposites attract, don't they? Besides, I think we have more in common than people think."
To Steve's credit, he was quick. He showered in five minutes and was dressed in under ten, wearing the 'smart' clothes Aria had asked for. Black trousers and a blue shirt, his usual navy jacket on top. He stepped out to find everyone outside. Tony already had coffee, which meant there had to be some--
Then Tony was up on screen and saying he was racing and Steve wasn't even surprised. He just stared, dumbfounded as Tony disappeared from view with a laugh and a wave as he headed towards his potential doom. Tony wasn't a professional driver (no matter how much he might like to be). The chances of him getting hurt were high. That was an important part of Steve's mission, too- keep Tony from being an idiot and, oh yeah,
Tony looked like he desperately wanted to say yes, but Pepper and Aria were already swooping in to save them.
Steve nodded and stood, gently tugging Tony up with him.
"I'm glad you're back," echoed Tony, very quietly.
"I know that," Steve quietly. "I know. But that's the risk I have to take.  A risk worth taking."
Then Steve slumped over, hissing as a spasm shuddered through him. He felt a low heat coil in his belly and screwed his eyes shut as he let out a short huff of hot air. "Fuck," he whispered. Phil didn't let go of his hand even when Steve squeezed tighter. "It's coming back."
"No."
"I don't think wanting equality is controversial. The charity is an idea that revolves around support for omegas and tackling the repression we face. If people feel threatened by that, they seriously need to ask themselves why."
omega?
."  Lately, he'd noticed Steve dressing a little snazzier.  He blamed Pepper and Aria for this. Steve was like a Ken doll.  (Tony had had to explain to him what a Ken doll was when he mentioned it.)  "But I have to admit, I kind of like you like this," added Tony, framing Steve with his hands.  "I find this particular look to be very persuasive, for some reason. ...I bet if you asked me to do something, I'd be tempted to actually listen for once."  He looked at Steve pointedly.
"Oh, and the video you made Steve. We still want to release it online even though you'll be there. If you're going to be on the ground you'll be pretty busy all day. Think of it as your press release, so the rest of the world actually know what you're doing. Then you can focus on the kids and ignore the press on the day, yeah?" Kerry said.
Steve smiled as Tony curled his arms around him and leaned back into the touch. He grabbed the shampoo and squeezed some into his hair. Mango flavour this time. "As long as I don't have to do anything serious, then I'll manage," he hummed, lathering up the shampoo in his hair before he let the water wash it out. Running always left him sweaty, even if he didn't get tired.
"...you're Tony Stark.  You don't take anything seriously.  Especially not work. Listen, go home and go out to dinner with Steve.  You've earned it."
The Alpha had been a very angry man. He was very angry at Steve. Donner wondered what Steve must have done to him. From what he'd seen Steve seemed to make a lot of Alphas angry by simply existing. But Donner didn't understand how he was being landed with all that. He looked like Captain America, he guessed, but he didn't
"Why, so you could unhinge your jaw and swallow me whole?" asked Tony grouchily.
Maybe Steve was just focusing on the annoyance of the lights so that he wouldn't think about the parts of the press release that were conspicuously absent.  Like the injuries Steve had suffered.  Like the moment he'd looked Bucky in the eye for the first time in sixty-five years and failed to see even a glimmer of recognition.
"Yep-- heart condition-- fine," gasped Tony, gripping Kerry's shoulder.
He loped downstairs, where there was a big group of people clustered around his dining room table.  Donner was eating waffles and looking considerably more cheerful than he had the night before. George and Banksy both looked exhausted.
The elevator pinged when it reached the main floor and the moment they stepped out, they were swamped by about a dozen reporters.  Fortunately, Tony's bodyguards were playing defense; nonetheless, Tony was surprised at how quickly the paparazzi had tracked them down.
Tony reached for his hand, placing his over Steve's.  "Pepper's always worried.  I'll call her back after breakfast."
"We're not having sex in the shower Tony," Steve told him plainly. He gently leaned backwards and dropped Tony onto the bed once they were upstairs before starting up the shower. Tony's shower got warm so quickly that there was no need to wait for it, but Steve still stuck his hand under the spray to check the temperature out of habit. Then he went back to fetch Tony. He was already naked at least, so Steve didn't have to undress him.
"Man, come on. You have bruises--"
He turned to Sam.  They were inside and both of them were using infrared goggles.  Sam winced and held a hand up. "Oh my God, man, that arc reactor is like a million degrees."
It would be hard not to climax before Tony though. As Steve bottomed out he cried out too, a soft and gentle sound. For a brief moment he savoured the feeling before he began to move his hips, steadily picking up the pace and clenching every time he slid down.
"Natasha,
"Well, any change of scenery is going to help," said Sam.  He had a point.  The cafeteria had low ceilings and artificial fluorescent lighting and it was not designed to be pleasant, but efficient.
"Every word that you utter that isn't answering my questions means another bone broken. Do I make myself clear?"demanded Steve.
of them is
And therapy was a test now. A test to prove he was, what...sane?
Either they knew who Steve was talking about or just didn't ask. God, he was starting to feel sick. He wanted Tony. He missed Tony. Tony smelt so nice...
Tony ignored the question.  "So, you're like, infertile?"  The truth was, Tony had spent most of his high school biology classes drawing circuit designs.  Biology had simply never held much interest for him.
Bucky sat on the bed and felt a terrible sense of invasion as she began picking into his consciousness.  A feeling like a cold egg being smashed against his head, but on the inside, coupled with a throbbing behind-the-eyes headache and a drop in his stomach like he'd fallen suddenly.  And then flashes of memories, thoughts unbidden, as she called them up for him.
-- years.
a dark corner of his mind wondered.  He pushed that thought away. He didn't care how it had happened.  It had happened, it was over, and it never would have happened in the first place if Tony had been by his side, as he should have been, if he were being a good Alpha instead of a selfish jerk.
"And me," said Tony in a stage whisper.
Steve actually didn't protest this time and fetched a bottle, but with two glasses. He poured more for himself, although he still wouldn't feel it anyway. He pushed his phone over with the photoshoot.
He thought of the Winter Soldier biting into his neck, calling him dirty...
Aria watched him curiously, still tapping away at her tablet without looking. "Pepper's getting in at 11, by the way. She wants to talk to you." She looked back down at her screen, lips pressed together in a thin line.
Steve Rogers?
Tony let himself be impressed.  She worked fast; they'd spoken, what, five hours ago?  Six, tops?  Considering she was no longer on his payroll as his personal assistant, she sure was still doing a lot.
She blinked and turned the paper over.  There were very few pictures indeed of Steve taken before the serum, and those were on display in museums.  This one was entirely new.
Sam nodded. "Sure thing pal." He disappeared to go grab both those things, going to pick up sandwiches too for good measure.
In the kitchen, they'd managed to claw their way upright again.
Gideon nodded to the woman at the desk, giving her the go-ahead to get them registered.  She placed a red wristband on Tony, ignoring Steve completely, and held out a program to him.  Tony stared at it.
Steve didn't move to comfort him. He just stood there, watching Bucky in distress. His hands flexed by his sides like he itched to move but he didn't. He just stood there.
"I went to bed before dawn," said Tony quickly.  "I feel fine, I just need an espresso."  He heaved himself out of bed.  He did feel worn out, but Tony bounced back from everything quickly and he was desperate to get some coffee and liquor in him for breakfast.  "...do you want me at the interview?" he asked, stretching.  Discovering shirtless pictures of Steve in the news had been fun the first time.  But Tony didn't know if he liked the idea of Steve doing it again.  Who had painted the flag on his abs?  Another omega?  Or...?  He didn't ask but the idea nagged at him.
"No... no, guys... we can make this work," he protested.  "Pepper." He looked at the redhead imploringly. "Pepper, please.  Please,
It fell quiet for a moment and the news was still on. One man spoke quietly in the background. "-no one would want an omega like that. Captain America is practically feral."
"Come on, let's go," Howard said, curling an arm around his waist. Steve let him lead him out, still honestly half asleep. He grabbed his jacket off the clothes hook by the door. His ma's coat wasn't hung up there. Now that just wasn't....right.  Was she out?  A double-shift at the hospital, maybe?
"...this isn't a
Steve didn't really have the energy to care. He just dropped down into one of the nearest seats and leaned his head back. Sitting down was his new favourite thing right now.
"So you didn't feel anything regarding James."  Dr. Brazinski held up a familiar report.  "Obviously you felt some affection for Tony, even before you bonded.  You expressed wanting to be his friend in some of your oral reports to Director Fury.  Did the thought of bonding ever cross your mind, or was this affection purely platonic?  Because, typically, smells and desires change once a person had bonded.  I'm curious how you, as a bonded omega, got to this point with him in the first place.  No judgement, of course.  I'm just trying to explore how deep this bond with James goes.  If James, hypothetically, weren't dead... let's say he was in a coma and was woken up... do you think you'd once again feel the bond with him?  And if that were the case, where would Tony fit in?  There's no wrong answer here, Steve.  I'm just interested in your perception, how you think you would feel."
There had to be a solution.  One that didn't involve letting eighteen sheltered, unwilling people have their innocence ruined.
He watched Tony stand and sway as he went to grab himself another drink and sighed. "I'm going to bed Tony. I'm not staying up to watch you get drunk." He didn't sound angry, or disapproving-  just... disappointed, really. Because Steve had been here before after a stressful day with Tony slowly getting wasted in front of him, and he knew he would be here again.  Tony's drinking problem was something as ever-present in their lives as the shadow cast by Howard Stark.
"Let's be honest, Steve.  Like the whole world wants you to model; you're human perfection. And they'll pay you like crazy, and it will give the 'omega fashion industry a new direction'," she said, making quotation marks in the air with her fingers.
"Yes, bonded ones, but there's no way you two are--"
Natasha's gaze flicked over sideways to him. Clint had already been watching, reading his lips and Steve had turned his head to the right to make it easier for him.
Tony came up behind Steve.  Steve had fastened the collar and was examining it in the mirror.  His expression was unreadable, but Tony could feel his discomfort. He put his hands on Steve's biceps.  "Hey," he said quietly. "Steve, if you want to back out, we can, okay? We don't have to go to the conference.  If this is too much, that's okay."
Tony held up his hands.  "Look, pal, I'm not the bad guy here."  There was a defensive edge to his voice.  One Steve knew meant that the kid was hitting all the right nerves.
"...surprised you're not gloating," said Stern after a moment while Tony swallowed down two martinis in less than a minute and instructed one of the waiters floating around to keep them coming.
"Shut
"Welcome back, sir.  And welcome back, Captain Rogers," intoned JARVIS.  "Eighty-four," he added, in response to Steve's question.
, I'm begging you."
"Captain Rogers... I think I might... might have something wrong with my head," he admitted carefully.  He didn't want to say he was incompetent for battle; he was certain he could follow orders if they were given to him.  He didn't want to make a big deal out of this.  He was great at hiding things.  Case in point: he'd longed to mate his omega for years and had forced himself not to because he knew he'd only hurt him, and he'd also hidden the palladium poisoning from Pepper, of all people, who was pretty much always at arm's length and probably had X-Ray vision.
For a man without depth perception, he was proving to be an excellent getaway driver.
? I thought that might be nice, for when we take them off."  Steve leaned forward and kissed the edge of his jaw, smiling lightly. "Been looking into it a little bit, huh?" He teased gently. "I think it's cute that you're excited."
"Sorry," said Tony quickly, drawing his hand away.  He settled down at the table with his orange juice and looked out the back window.  Tony's home had lots of windows; it was a very airy place.
, like... wow."
Steve's neck he would always
"Eight thirty?" Steve echoed and his eyes flew open wide. Two and a half hours had passed?!  What?!  He'd just been...sleeping on the floor against the window, for
"Unit 17, I've got a couple of hooligans over here on Ocean Front and Navy, and there's a beat-up guy with a metal arm--"
"The regulations said they had to lock," Steve said with a shrug. Gideon gave him a furious look but said nothing, clearly he didn't want to engage with an
"Forget the Expo, JARVIS, I'm making something big here!  Well... something small, actually, something very small... an atom, actually... how the hell did he get access to my personal line, anyway?  That guy shouldn't be able to call me--you know how annoying I think he is."
He and Banksy kept mixing cocktails until Steve and Sam finally came back.  Donner wanted to know if George or Banksy had kids; George had two, one about to go off to college and another who was an sophomore in high school.  Banksy had one adult step-son, Ryan, who he was only two years older than, which made Tony's skin crawl a little.
Tony sighed softly, happily, letting sleep catch up to him, focusing on the steady heartbeat of the omega in his arms instead of the nagging feeling of worry that had settled into his gut.
Steve spun back around to stare at the map. "Where do you hide people?" Steve whispered. "Where the hell would they be, Tony?"
Then he shook off his feelings and prepared to get to work.
shut up, Becky!"
Kate started prodding Steve's ribs, he winced. "And we have... I'm guessing four broken ribs. You were thrown against a wall huh? By one of those?" She nodded to Tony and his suit.
"No?"
I think it's really big of you, though, having enough confidence to be a secondary Alpha."
"I still don't get the arranged rumours," Steve sighed. "Who the hell do they think arranged it?"
this test, Steve.  And then, you and me, New York, a nice little getaway for us."
There were red lights flashing on the walls, and sounds from the corridor.  Their stealth mission was no longer stealthy at all.
"Please don't let it be another twenty years, Tony," said Peggy gently as he and Steve were getting ready to leave.
She frowned disapprovingly.  "You did a line of coke, didn't you?"
DeSoto shook his head.  "They're gone now."
Tony abhorred doctors of all types and did everything in his power to stay away from them.  He didn't like being examined. Since his return from Afghanistan, he hadn't seen a single one, unless you counted the dentist.  He didn't want them prodding the arc reactor.
Howard Stark appeared, addressing the camera directly.
Tony grinned cheekily.  He could feel the bruising around his eye, tender as it was.  But he'd definitely had worse.
"Or-- or we could visit him together?  Please?" suggested Donner, still hopefully.  His eyes watered again. "Who's taking care of him, Steve?  Who's taking care of Giddy? What's he doing without me? He's had me for years.  He
Tony let out a strangled sound of pleasure as Steve's tongue roaming over the sensitive under flesh of his cock.  He squirmed, his head brushing over the ridges of the top of Steve's mouth, Steve's lips exploring his shaft.
Tony reached out to grab a glass of champagne from the omega's tray; he'd sobered up considerably during Richard's talk and he was regretting that immensely.
Jarvis slipped past the two of them and grabbed the other omega by the back of his shirt.  "Ma'am, with all due respect, this young man doesn't strike me as much of a threat," said Jarvis gently, pulling the protesting trespasser out of Tony's room and toward the stairs.
He was panting a little with the effort.  Carrying Steve was a hell of a lot harder than it had been when Steve was ninety pounds.  He set the omega on the gleaming wooden table in the middle of the room. The lights were off and the room had a strangely empty air about it.
Everything felt wrong, and sinister, but Steve couldn't place what, precisely, was wrong.
Inspiration hit him.
Perversely, Tony's music was still playing through their comms, and it was hilariously (in)appropriate:
"Yeah, I know.  Donner... come on, look at me."
"Three, five, seven," continued Tony.  Gasp.  "Eleven.  Thirteen."  Gasp.  "Seventeen, nineteen, twenty-three, twenty-nine..."  He was shaking, his body tense from the stress.  He was gripping Steve's fingers.  These attacks always left him feeling like a wet cloth that had been wrung out, and afterwards, he always ended up passing out, exhausted.  He reached out shakily to put his arms around Steve.  Steve's warm, living, breathing body.  Steve was safe.  They were safe.
Tony had done a lot of gambling in his time.  And he'd lost and won a lot of money. Obscene amounts, really.
"Possibly.  We've tracked an Ashtray, given name Matthew Rooney, to an estate up in Wisconsin, and we have no reason to believe he's not still there.  Unfortunately that estate is private. I assume he'd living there as a houseboy. As for Trickshot, his given name's Charles Barton, and he'd switched owners a few times.  We tracked him as far as a place in South Carolina called the Institute for Omega Reproduction, which was shut down by the federal government in 2002, and who had a C. Barton for a '
He dropped, gasping, vision blurring, getting dark around the edges.
If anyone noticed that Tony or Steve was gone, they didn’t show it.
JARVIS considered, then said, "A small town recently experienced a gas leak causing a mass hallucination that involved some sort of rampaging automaton."
. "They told him to take me and he stopped. I fought him and then he stopped. He knew my mom's name... then they put something in the cage. I dunno. It was in the air. That's the last thing I remember."
Well, the cat was out of the bag, now.
Steve didn't hesitate. He turned around and picked DeSoto up by the shoulders. The man was heavy but Steve didn't show it; DeSoto looked both surprised and alarmed. To Steve he wasn't heavy at all. He placed DeSoto outside incredibly gently and then plucked (what was actually
Tiberius slipped in and out like a ghost, pushing pills into Steve's mouth and occasionally offering them water when they were between orgasms.
They edged down towards stairwell four. They couldn't see anyone.
"...I'll feel better in a day," muttered Tony quietly as the alcohol rocked him to sleep.  "Good night, omega. I love you."
Tony huffed a little and adjusted himself on top of Steve, tenderly wiping away the tears on his cheeks.  "Let's get you something to drink when we get to the hospital... it's okay... it's okay, omega... you're safe," murmured Tony.
(Confused about the rabbit?  Don't worry, you're not alone.  Check out Chapter 15 if you need a hint.  Or just hold tight, because Tony is going to explain his motivation in a chapter or two.)
"Steve, I'm... I'm not a good person.  I wanted to save the world.  I wanted to save the world and I couldn't even save Yinsen.  I'm... I'm..."  There wasn't any word for what he was.  Tony's brilliance had wrought more destruction than he'd ever be able to make up for.  Ever.  And everyone loved Iron Man so much that they didn't see what he was doing for what it was.  It was atonement and it was too little, too late.
"I'm okay for the moment. I don't want to go on TV, not right now," Steve said as he leaned into Tony's touch. He felt the tightness in his chest and then he realized it wasn't his own. But he managed not to feel guilty about it this time. "I'm kind of sick of defending myself, if I'm honest. I don't have anything new to say.  Anyways, I should go shower," Steve breathed, offering Tony a small smile to let him know it was okay. He reached out to squeeze his fingers.
Donner nodded timidly in the corner.  Gideon had always known exactly where Donner was, all the time.  For an Alpha to not know where their mate was was certainly upsetting.
"You can answer," said Eric.
"It does sound nice," Steve hummed again, half asleep by this point. The stress of the day had worn him out. "We should...we should plan that..." He yawned quietly.
"Yeah," purred Tony, already envisioning Steve in nothing but a silver collar with blue stones.  He wrapped his arms around Steve, rutting into him aggressively. Steve said he loved him. They loved each other.  Bucky was gone, right? It was just them now.
The moment Tony hit "send" he had a sneaking suspicion that Pepper might not be thrilled with his text.  Oh well.  Once she saw him and he had the opportunity to explain everything, he was sure it would be fine.
"Hey. Rogers." Sam clicked a finger in front of his face. "Did you even hear what I just said?"
"Don't bother," Steve told the waiter. "We just won't go in. We didn't mean to cause a scene..." Well, that was joke. They'd literally only come to ruffle feathers; gathering info had been a pleasant bonus. And even though people were arguing with Steve, at least they were actually talking to him now. Sort of. It was a nice change.
!" he barked, and took a swing at James.
Steve growled, low in his throat.  The colonel looked surprised; it was rare for omegas to growl.
An egg splatted across the window of the car as they moved slowly through the gates, being waved through by the police.
It was dark in the house and reeked like flowers.  Tony had hired on a whole new gardener just to take care of the things.  She was an omega named Lacey and she came by three times a week to water them, mist, and fertilize them, a process that all day.  The first time she had seen Steve, her eyes had filled with tears and she'd stuttered out a non-specific thank-you to him before vanishing from sight.
Maria opened the freezer and pulled out a bottle.  "Will this--" she began, but Tony had already grabbed it.
He needed more of that. Fuck.
"Please, I wanna cum on Captain America's face, I wanna do it while you're all knotted up for me--"  Tony was literally panting. "I want Tiberius to watch, I want to fuck your mouth, I want you to call me by your other Alpha's name--"  Tony was discovering a lot of weird desires he wasn't consciously aware he had. At least he hadn't mentioned-- "I wanna call you Pepper, I want you to put one of your dildos in me--"
"I would actually kill for some chicken nuggets right now," Jed hummed.
"...what do you expect me to do?" asked Rhodes.
He let out a groan and put his face in his hands.
Twelve sat down. "I want to hear about the war," she said. "Did you really land a plane into the ocean?"
"I recorded audio, sir," said JARVIS.
"I have a crazy and brilliant idea."
"No, I love it!" exclaimed Banksy gleefully.
The man Steve was holding was squirming, letting out a long, low whine of pain.  Yet a small chuckle escaped him at Tony's words.
"Yeah, since yesterday.  It's fine.  I can still shoot a bow in post-heat," said Clint casually.
what that means, Tony!"
"Steroid injection into your spine.  Should help with your lower back pain.  Which, by the way, is much, much worse in omegas than, say, beta women.  To be honest, you're a champ, Donnie. You're doing great. You're probably one of the calmest patients I've ever had."
She offered him a hand, and helped pull him to his feet.  He swayed but walked out, straight-backed, still blinking a little, disoriented.
"Dude. You can't just go for a meal."
!" Dr. Brennan said in a single breath, looking ruffled and clearly trying to maintain her composure.
"Stark will be coming here. It's a waiting game. You're the bait," Pietro said simply as he pushed through another tray of water for good measure.
"Yeah," said Tony with a sigh, "I know."  He had known.  He'd known since 2008.  And as he and his mate walked through the facility, his mind drifted to the teenage omega he'd seen downstairs, the one that had called him the Merchant of Death and stared at him with pure, undiluted hatred.
"Tons of pictures," confirmed Tony.  "Which is why I think we should waltz in, get onstage, confirm that, yes, we're bonded, this is all exactly what it looks like... otherwise they'll be creaming their pants trying to get candid shots.  That's the thing.  It's juicier for them if it looks like it was a secret and they caught us.  If you announce it, well, it's less exciting, you know?  ...were you listening to Taylor Swift down there?"
He looked over.  The omega was staring at him.  He didn't answer.
it but he didn't realize the words had actually left his mouth until he watched Tony's expression suddenly change.
There was a blur of movement and Maria was knocked down onto the floor. Wanda stepped into the room and Aria watched in horror as she reached a hand out, her eyes flowing a ferocious sort of red.
Tony shook his head a little.  He was slightly amazed at how well Steve was receiving this and also a little irked that, as usual, Steve was being level-headed and considerate.
Tony's dander rose.  "That's harsh, Romanov.  True.  But harsh.  How would you know anything about my father, anyway?"
And he still needed to pee.
"So they're sending Fury, Sitwell, Coulson, and Mackenzie.  Three betas and an omega."
Dani snorted despite herself, unable to suppress her laughter.  "Yes, Mr. Stark," she managed, giggling.
Steve's calm proclamation settled into the apartment like a heavy blanket of dust, muffling everything, stilling time.
"Mom, he said it again!"
, Alphas United is
Tiberius was watching the two of them with admiration.  He should have known there was no such thing as a non-hostile room of reporters.  They were practically frothing at the mouth. Beneath the table, Tony maintained his grip on Steve's hand, trying not to let all the comments about
"O Captain, my Captain," he breathed, reaching out to slide a hand over Steve's buttocks.  The last time he'd seen these shorts, it had been on a poster. The outline of Steve's genitals was clear and well-defined.  Tony grinned, running both hands over the slippery material. "How in the hell did you get ahold of these?" he asked, his hands exploring Steve's body.  The curved outline of his erection on his stomach was practically begging to be touched, but Tony was too busy sliding his hands over Steve's legs and ass.  When his hand ran over Steve's cock it swelled a little under him, straining for more.
"Peggy and me were... I don't know. It was the middle of a war. We never got time to figure it out. And now she's eighty-nine and I'm still in my twenties." It felt so weird to say it out loud. Peggy had lived her entire life while Steve had just been... sleeping. "Anyway, sometimes she's kind of out of it.  She recognizes me, though, usually.  And she knows we're bonded. I'm sure she'll be happy to see you.  She does mention Howard sometimes." He grimaced a little.  "We, uh, kissed once."
Tony thought of asking Steve if he'd packed the matching collar, if he ought to wear it too, for equality or something, but he ended up falling asleep under Steve instead.
"Julie!  Hey, so good to see you, you look great!  This is Stan, my personal omega--
Steve could still smell Tony's anxiety, of course.  But Fury couldn't.  It took twelve to twenty-four hours to completely shake the aftereffects, but Tony was willing to dismiss his feelings and pretend he was over it already.
He wiggled his knot deeper into Steve.  "You want it?" he purred, stroking Steve, watching the omega arch and whimper.
Tiberius sighed fondly.  "That's a lie. But I'll come over.  ...where's Steve now?"
It didn't work.
She handed him a bottle of water; Tony tried to uncap it, forgetting he was still wearing the red gauntlet.  He shook it off and it landed on the ground with a clank.  He rose unsteadily, bracing himself against the wall.
to get home. Far too much had happened since they'd left it and Steve honestly wanted to forget most of it.
Tony's eyes narrowed.  "You read Steve's files?"
Most of it wasn't too bad.  A lot of people thought it was very progressive of a trio with an omega and two Alphas.  Some were saying it was merely a publicity stunt. Others were pointing out that, even if Steve's old mate was still alive, he would be in his nineties and that functionally, Steve really only had one Alpha, Tony.  And many more were pointing out that Steve himself only considered himself pair-bonded to Tony so all this talk of the mysterious other Alpha was a moot point anyway.
But Bucky didn't argue.  He let Steve take his hand and guide him because they were bonded now and it just wasn't in his nature to resist.
"H-how?"
Fury's reply was short when Steve glanced at it.
"...Tony?"
Steve ignored him and turned to Tony. "Please," he intoned gently. "Don't do this."
The man it had been talking to did not respond to it providing its name, or what it thought its name might be.  The man was an omega but the asset had no real interest in him.  The asset was used to enemies trying to use women or omegas to win it over, but that didn't work.  It had no use for sex. It had once heard Karpov brag, proudly, about removing such a primal instinct.  "It does not desire, it does not fear. It only obeys. Find me a better soldier than that!" he'd said. And then his hand had lightly touched the small of the soldier's back and it had known that Karpov was proud of it.
"Seriously, um...thank you," Ian said a little awkwardly as he tucked his phone away.  Georgina was already distracted and playing with the sand, her enthusiasm for meeting Captain America overshadowed by the fact that she'd just found a sand dollar.  "All the stuff you're doing for us, our status... it's amazing.  Seriously.  Thank you so much."
He rose and tugged Steve's hand, eager to get out.
"Only when I'm with people I don't like," said Tony bluntly.
"Pepper!"
"Shush." Natasha held up a hand. Her eyes narrowed, then she closed them... concentrating. "I can smell him, can you? It's faint but... he's definitely close."
Steve remembered Phil's face when he'd handed the outfit over, mumbling something about how it really was Steve's by right... of course, he wasn't wearing all of it. As far as Steve was aware bright blue tights were not considered sexy in this century. Probably not in the forties either.
getting kicked around, like he was punishing himself for being weak.  At times, Bucky enjoyed how spunky his omega was... but others, he hated it, because at the end of the day, he wasn't protecting Steve from all the other Alphas in the world, but from himself.
" he cried, clawing towards the door, Happy trying to pin him down.
Tony stopped.
Tony and the other Alpha sized each other up, then nodded approvingly at each other's bruises.  The omega asked for a picture with Steve; her Alpha waited impatiently, clearly in some discomfort.
Of course he didn't know heats could be forced; he didn't know the first thing about heats except that if your omega went into one, you didn't get to see your butler for a few days. Tony knew about as much about heats as he did about pregnancy. It was a strange, slightly gross biological function that didn't concern him.  End of story.  It wasn't until he'd experience Steve's that he'd cared to learn anything about it.
"You gonna tell me what's in it?" Steve asked after the handing the briefcase over. Fury gave him a dead-set look.
Clint pulled back. "I'm so sorry I got you guys into this mess," Steve said, loudly.  He didn't know how to sign anything.
He leaned into Tony's touch and nodded. "Yours. Wanna be so good for you Tony," he whispered as they both moved back to slump against the side of the bench in the water. They both looked wrung out. Steve couldn't wait for sleep.
Bucky stared at Steve, confused.  Karpov wasn't a bad man. Karpov was a brilliant, kind, selfless, perfect handler.  He gave him cigarettes, and orders.
Tony felt a smug sense of defensiveness at Nick's answer.  "He didn't have nowhere to go," he repeated, voice dripping with mock sympathy.  He couldn't place the kid's accent.  Bronx?  Brooklyn?  He was already thinking of the omega as "kid" even though he looked maybe three or four years older than Tony.
Donner was still clearly in shock.  "Re... restraining order?" he repeated in a tiny voice.
"She's working on the next great extinction," said Clint, grinning at her.  "Aren't you, princess?
Words were a tricky thing.  Too many would be cheap and gaudy and wrong.  But one or two of the perfectly chosen words carried hefty weight.  Words were suddenly a currency with ridiculously elaborate rules.  Somehow, Tony had a really good idea of what the rules were.  No one had ever explained this to him but if he didn't think about it, it all came naturally.  And, for once, Tony definitely wasn't thinking.  His brain was on autopilot, having given the reins over to a more primitive part of his consciousness that apparently knew what it wanted and how to get it.
"I'm just finishing up school, sir. I'm looking at going to an art college."
Steve frowned. "You don't believe me."
"Don't drip on my rugs!" gasped Banksy as Tony squished into the house, soaking wet.  Like Tony's house, Banksy and Boswell's was thoroughly modern, with an open floor plan and lots of accouterments that were probably worth a fortune.  Currently, the lights were dimmed except for some colored, blinking lights, and everyone was dancing and drinking and happily making asses of themselves.
"...yeah."  Tony didn't want to talk about it.  "Let's go move millions, baby. C'mon.  Business time."
President Ellis had the grace to laugh.  "That's what you're doing on your honeymoon?  Working?"
he spoiled his omega, he
Tony forced himself to let go of Steve, trailing his fingers over Steve's skin before making his way toward the bathroom.  He expected Steve to follow him.  He somehow knew he would, if only he lead.  As tempting as it was to continue annoying him, Tony needed to brush his teeth and to wash the dried semen off his stomach, and do something about the beard situation.  He wouldn't be caught dead with his facial hair the way it was now.  Tony rarely let himself be seen in public unless he was dressed in a three-piece suit and immaculately shaved.  Around Steve, he didn't care.
The man who was driving Steve was an omega, and he kept glancing into the rearview mirror at Steve.
"Steve," said Rumlow, his voice stern and calm and authoritative.  "Please listen to me. You're in pre-heat and your heats are very intense due to the serum.  You're very emotional right now. I will answer all your questions but you need to calm down, alright?"
"Yeah.  Bingo," said Tony quietly, ripping the box off the wall in a tangle of wires.  "...basic RFID. This is sad. Their security system is about as good as a Holiday Inn."  He plunged his hands into the wall, playing with the electronics.
"Bad dream?"
On the television, a third man had shown up and was arguing animatedly with the other two.
"Ah!  Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark... I was beginning to think you would not show up!"  His English was accented, but impeccable.
"The Avengers aren't stupid," Steve said, the rest of them showing no signs of leaving anytime soon. "I recommended you join strongly, actually. In my report."
super old?" Steve pointed out and Sixteen blinked and pulled her face in thought. "He attacked me. I didn't even know I was carrying a whelp. But my friend got hurt too, I took him to the hospital, and then blood started running down my leg, and then I realized. It was pretty horrible."
"'Cause you know everything.  And the reason I don't know how to tie a bowtie is because my assistants always do it for me."
"Considering he lost, no. I don't think he regrets it," Steve breathed. "I'm not sure you can bet another person's services without their consent.  I wouldn'ta consented."
Tony bristled again.  Howard turned and stared at him; the stare was unwavering.  A true Alpha.
is to be able to talk to my Alpha about my kids without getting interrupted, thank you very much," sneered George.
Steve swallowed. He felt a little lost.
They went shopping with Pepper one day. It was hard getting Donner to choose things for himself, but they worked on it.
"Me neither," said Tony quietly, swallowing.  "This is... all kinda new to me.  ...that wasn't normal sex.  I've had a
!  How did you get through our firewall?"
He was shivering, he realized. Steve swallowed and rubbed a hand over his face. His skin felt warm. He frowned and looked up at the cell ceiling. There was small little vents and the air rippled as something left them and flooded into the cage. "Oh no," Steve whispered and looked away from the vents and back to Bucky. "Soldier." He tried to sound commanding. "Stay where you are."
"They're all up already?"
"That's a nine?  I'd hate to see a ten," muttered Aria.
Tony flicked on the repulsor jets and spiraled upwards, scanning the crowds.  They were scanning back, pointing up, oohing and aahing, but Tony ignored them; he was looking for signs of trouble.  The throngs of people, the spotlights, the amount of sensory information coming from multiple stages was overwhelming.
Steve's phone (replaced by courtesy of Tony) buzzed in his pocket. He glanced down. From Aria:
Gideon's eyes narrowed.
"Didn't the original outfit have tights?" asked Tony, lifting his head just enough to eyeball Steve.
Better to do a test run with Steve than to try it for the first time in front of Fury and all the rest of them, though.
"--because obviously he recognizes that it's 2010 and omega rights are still a big issue, and Clint's backing you up all the way--"
"Steve!"  George was waving on the other side of the crowd by the pool, holding up his phone to record the fight.  Behind him, Donner was cowering, peeking over his shoulder nervously.
not allowed to talk about omega rights but I figured since
Tony couldn't quite believe how excited Donner was.  Shouldn't he be upset? That kid could have been mated by probably a half-dozen different Alphas, yet Donner seemed nothing but happy about the news.  Even Dr. Gleason seemed a little surprised by the positive reaction.
"I'll bring food up when it's ready," Steve told him softly and then slipped away to downstairs.
It was clear to Steve that Tony had no idea where clean sheets were, nor did he know how to make a bed.  But the quilt was sweet enough.
In the cave he'd had so many fantasies about returning to her.  But the reality was that, once he returned, they fell easily into their usual, platonic roles.
Steve blinked awake with a yawn and stretched out against Tony like a cat. Seconds later an alarm went off. He quickly reached over and hit it off, smiling as Tony groaned beneath him in protest.
Steve grunted as he'd hit the ground near the crowd and rolled onto his front. He was half aware of Happy and Pepper around him, the two betas hauling him up. Fuck, Tony could really throw with that thing. Steve supposed it was designed to deal with things a lot heavier than him.
"хорошая работа, солдат."
The White House security team looked a little iffy about letting Steve in. Maybe he was hard to recognize, with all the blood. Steve wasn't sure. He really needed to find a bathroom to at least wash his face, and pronto.  "Come on, I'm Captain Steve Rogers!" he kept saying.
But his personality evidently drove Tony up the wall. And yet there his boss had been, in the face of another Alpha, just because he wouldn't let go of his hand. Steve had been about to wrench away when Tony had appeared and then Steve really couldn't risk the other catching on about any super strength abilities he might have. And that reporter had seen the whole thing; Tony getting right up in Justin's face- not ideal. Would Pepper sack him over this?  Shit... had he just compromised the whole mission?
"Okay," said Tony, his goatee twitching with a smile as Steve kissed his temple.  "...you can carry me upstairs, if you want," he added, slightly begrudgingly.  He would normally jump at the chance to lie around in bed lazily, but he had a suit to build downstairs, and an omega to protect.  Maybe he could sneak down there later.
"I'd appreciate that," Steve said quietly, not knowing what else to say. He could see Sam had questions but was holding back because of Tony. "It was hard getting him to say anything, let alone the location of the base. Don't judge me too harshly."
Steve. Oh my God! I was
"...my parents," said Tony, after a beat.  He looked away, preening in the mirror again, with a forced sort of boredom.  "March 15th is the twenty-fifth anniversary. Quarter of a century. I go every year to..."  He stopped. To what? Every year, every March, Tony went out and stood by their graves, staring at the words chiseled into stone.  Usually it was cold. Sometimes there was a slushy snow on the ground. It was depressing. "...to pay my respects," he finished.
"Clint needs our help. Steve needs medical attention. We take the risk," Natasha snapped and Sam just nodded, getting a better grip on Steve before they made to go.
"Steve, are you fucking serious?"
They both trekked upstairs; whilst Tony followed a curve in the hallway toward their room, Steve disappeared down a different wing, opening the door to his studio.  He felt instantly better the moment he saw he saw the drawings on the walls.
"It's okay. We're here. We're not going anywhere. We'll always be here," Steve whispered.
"Tony--!"
"Show them a good time," said Tony.  Steve frowned; Tony punched his arm.  "I meant
Tony. What the hell does that mean?" Steve huffed. Even though they all knew what it meant and it was something very sinister. "If I can't change the minds of men like him then what's the point? What's the point if he doesn't even see me as a goddamn person?"
. You can explain everything to your boyfriend later. I need you to listen very carefully, Rogers; this is important."
He still had every intention of going to lunch before going down to Pendleton to test out SHIELD's fancy little brain-scrambler, but he could feel that they weren't going anywhere for at least fifteen or twenty minutes; his knot was still throbbing and Steve's body was tight around it.
Irshad laughed again.  "I appreciate the sentiment."
Aria shrugged and stuck a cigarette between his lips. "It's my pleasure, Steve. Genuinely."
"Come on," he said, giving Steve a little push.  "Let's go. ...when we kiss at midnight, I bet we'll be on the front page tomorrow," he added with a small smile.
He couldn't look at Bucky. He was almost nervous in such close proximity to the other.  Bucky was Bucky but he was also not.  The uncanniness of seeing his best friend like this was unnerving.
"JARVIS!" he hissed
Bucky pulled his notebook out and consulted it.  "...salmon," he said.
"Or auctions," Kerry said, pulling a face. "I wonder if they pay for them."
... whatever. Steve will just tell me later." Aria moved to drop down on the sofa and pull out her phone, scrolling through emails. The silence was almost awkward until JARVIS interrupted it.
Banksy sighed. "Why does Gideon even want him back? I thought he didn't
"Just because we have those instincts doesn't mean we have to
"I know," said Tony, confused about why this guy seemed so submissive.  "You told me you were.  I just wanted to know if you had any scotch."
it's unfair, I know better than anyone the kind of shit people expect from omegas!  But you hired me to manage your image and that's what I'm gonna do. We're not asking you to pretend you don't have sex.  We just want you to be... a little bit tasteful about it. And this, right here? This is
"My little brother left his asshole boyfriend because of you," she said and clicked the button for the floor she wanted. "I suppose I should say thank you."
Howard's eyes narrowed. "You look familiar. I
None of those were his.
"I lost him."
"You're not helping me."  Tony leaned over, pinching the bridge of his nose with exasperation.  And also to try not to breath in too much of Steve's smell.  It was intoxicating.  "You're sure it's not a heat-related thing?"
"No.  No, that's the thing.  I feel really good. Like... like excited."  Tony looked over. "...maybe I just... miss him, I guess.  Maybe I'm... glad to get him back. I dunno. ...I haven't had sex in two months so that sort of sucks."
He gave his head a small shake to clear it.  “...you know what this juice needs?  Some scotch.  Sparky, get me a drink, will you?”  He made a point of slapping Steve’s ass when Steve stood up.  He didn’t believe Steve had never slept with one of his bosses before, not for a second.  Steve was gorgeous.  His muscles were perfect.  Actually, he was the most toned, muscular omega Tony had ever seen in his life.  He half-wondered if the guy was on steroids or something.  He looked like a beefalo.  Tony admired the contours of his body; Steve’s muscles were always nice outlined, perfectly proportioned.  He wondered at times if Steve had any idea just how good he looked.  Like an omega version of Captain America.
Tony wondered how worried he should be.  He'd always lived life in the spotlight, unconcerned with his own safety.  But now he had an omega to think of.  Suddenly, he wasn't merely personally vulnerable.  Anyone who wanted to hurt either of them only had to hurt the other.  Their vulnerability had doubled in bonding.
She handed Steve his drink. "Tony is pretty torn up."
The Winter Soldier grunted in annoyance; the omega was incredibly strong and was holding back his arm.  The muscles were bulging and quivering with effort; he felt the omega kick him in the stomach.
Tony looked around a bit blankly.  "Er," he said, intelligently. He wasn't sure.  Fortunately, the elevator next to them chimed and J. Jameson strutted out with Joan and Maria on his arms.
He had plenty of interviews after Christmas, one actually on Banksy's show. Steve crashed an SNL sketch to return as the president because he'd been so popular before. He went on chat shows, more interviews. Without Fury beckoning him this way and that Steve had more time on his hands now. Pepper and Aria had even forced Tony into some more Alpha-orientated stuff too.
One yelled something in Russian but it was garbled by a sudden round of gunfire from Fury's position on the ground and a line of holes appeared in Steve's wall, where there had once been a picture of him and Phil in front of the Capitol building that had thankfully been moved to Tony's house.
"It's not code. It's a weapon," said Steve, holding up the picture of the cube. "It's a weapon that Johann Schmidt was going to use to destroy the world, and he nearly succeeded. SHIELD shouldn't be messing with it. They must have found it when they found me.  This really isn't good, Tony. They have
and that he shouldn't worry one bit because the two of them were working in tandem to make sure any interviews were well-controlled.
"I don't even know why I bothered with plates.  I could have just put the food into a through and let you eat out of it like animals," said Laura, shaking her head.
"Where was he?" Pepper prompted.
He picked up a couple of the orchids.  He hated to be sentimental or materialistic, but he had to keep at least a few of them.  He liked the one Pepper had sent them, white with red streaks.  He found the one Rhodey had brought, and picked out a random white one that reminded him of his father's, the one he'd let die.  Three was enough.  He could pop one in the kitchen, one in the shop, and one in his room.  The rest would have to go; the house was starting to smell cloying.  Tony hadn't even realized orchids had a smell, but apparently if you crammed hundreds of them together, they did.
Ironically, "working for the army" was not what he'd expected.  They'd forced him into tights and booty shorts and shoved him onto a stage to sell bonds; it had been the most painful weeks of his life. He wasn't a performer, or at least, not the public kind. As Tony's PA he'd been in the background. It was easy. No one noticed him, because of both his workplace and biological status. Now it felt like he had a target on his forehead. In the war soldiers had stared a bit, sure, but he was their captain...they were
"Let's get some shrimp in you," said Tony finally, pretending to straighten Steve's still-undone bowtie.  The two didn't meet each other's eyes as they exited the bathroom together, but their hands were laced, and their grips on each other firm.
"Shit," Steve whispered.
let me through, Jarv...."
"...lawyers can't take a mark off the back of his neck," mumbled Tony sleepily.
Ever-distractable, Tony also periodically would whip out his phone, check something, then inform Steve of whatever he'd just learned.  A lot of it revolved around their first-anniversary getaway. Tony would never admit it, but he was looking forward to skipping his usual out-of-control birthday party for a year.  His fortieth had been rough, and now that he was turning forty-one, he felt... well, old. Especially next to Steve. Sometimes, when they stood side-by-side in the mornings brushing their teeth, he couldn't help but notice the age difference.  Steve's face was smooth and unlined. Tony had some laugh lines, crow's feet, the very beginning of grey hair at his temples... if his father was any indication, he could expect his hair to go silver by his fifties, a prospective that horrified him, because Tony had always been rather vain about his hair.
Tony blinked.  "...that's a thing?"  Fuck. Now he was wondering all sorts of things.  Was Clint Clint's real name? What about Jarvis?  Had his name really been Edwin or had he previously been a Michael or something?
"Okay.  I'm gonna put a prism in here to direct the positrons," explained Tony, gesturing to a small box.  "In theory, if my math is right-- ha ha,
Tony shook Louis's hand.  "Well, we couldn't have really done it in the studio.  Steve's heats come on fast. Sorry 'bout my dick," he added.
Tony leaned forward and nuzzled his neck.  "I liked it better when it wasn't covered," he murmured, his lips brushing Steve's skin.  He could feel Steve's skin rippling an involuntary response.  He bit Steve's earlobe playfully, then ran his tongue over Steve's neck.
"I'm going to lose at poker tonight," she said, and the room burst into laughter at her response.  Even Tony accidentally let out a small snigger before catching himself. The thing was, everyone's mood was so pleasant and all the couples looked... well... happy.  This was the first time Tony hadn't felt like the omegas were being treated like shit. Granted, they were talking about how to impregnate them, but the omegas in the audience generally seemed very receptive to the idea.  Plus, Tony was pleasantly surprised to find he was attending a science-based lecture. He wasn't a biologist but he appreciated learning how the hell this worked because he had no idea; Clint's brief and confusing explanation of genes hadn't done much for him.
Tony slipped a hand around Steve's waist and shouldered through the crowd, which was being controlled not only by his bodyguards, but by several store associates who were demanding that the 'razzi leave.
be. Steve was an omega who was his own person; he was unpredictable.  DeSoto couldn't stop him.  No one could.
felt bad for using the Cap image like that. Almost.
The third hostile had pulled a firearm and was aiming for Fury, but with the Winter Soldier scrambling all over his back, he was having trouble aiming.
Steve caught Tony's gaze in the mirror. "Our carriage awaits."
Steve went to the bathroom and splashed cold water over his face. He doubted he'd be able to get back to sleep; he left Tony a note like he had before. The dream had felt so real... the only thing that hadn't felt real in it was
"As a program, I decline to be assigned either a status or a sex."
"Clint always referred to him as Barney.  I think it's short for Bernard," said Phil, finally answering Steve's question.  "I don't have his file on me; Clint lost his brother twenty-five years ago and doesn't talk about it much. ...no, wait, it's Charlie.  Charles Bernard Barton, that's it. ...did someone mention him? Listen, Steve, Clint had a rough childhood. You know that. Don't let the personal aspect of this compromise you.  Let sleeping dogs lie. Clint accepted that loss a while ago and it wouldn't be fair to him to open up old wounds."
"You been to one of these before?" Steve asked Piper. She then blushed and shook her head.
Steve turned and saw Happy out on the drive way behind the smaller fountains, their car next to him. He reached for Tony's hand. "Come on. Let's go. Are you alright? Did they hurt you?"
Steve was crying all over Tony and getting his shirt wet. His preheat meant his emotions were on overdrive anyway and this had tipped him over the edge. He was crying in relief mostly, rather than distress, his hands bunched in Tony's shirt. "I didn't want it. I-I didn't want to kneel. I couldn't move. I'm so sorry Tony. I'm so sorry-- sorry-"
He had an idea for self-assembling armor but he wasn't sure yet whether or not it was possible.  He didn't just want armor that could build itself without scaffolding.  He wanted armor that could come to him, that could assemble around him from individual pieces.
He let JARVIS pick a new band for him and hopped onto a treadmill to watch music videos while he ran.  He found music videos to be a fascinating art form.  The fact that so many seemed pornographic was even more fascinating to him.  He wasn't sure if he actually liked a lot of modern music, but he appreciated that the rhythm was fast and the beat easy to run to.  Steve needed to run this out. Push the dream from his mind. It was disturbing as hell. Either he was going crazy, or the Winter Soldier had found some weakness in his mind and was exploiting it. But there was nothing in the dream that implied HYDRA was behind it.  It was like the Winter Soldier was a ghost, haunting Steve... but not for his own amusement. More out of confusion.
"Mute," snapped Tony.
Steve's vision was fuzzing at the edges. He let Tony lead him and push him into the car. The flashes from the media's cameras still lit up the car windows. He shook his head, screwing his eyes shut and opening them again. He curled his legs against his chest, slumped back against the seat. He wheezed a little.
"Three, four times in the last two years.  ...also occasionally cannabis."
The next thing he was aware of was someone talking to him.
"...you... you actually thought one of the reindeer was named Nixon?" asked Mackenzie, sniggering.
"You're with Stark?" asked Pietro.
He could understand why some people abused suppressants.
He was halfway through the room, heading back to bed, when his sight returned to him in an instant. Steve almost doubled over from shock, his eyes blinking wearily at the bright light that bled in from the bathroom.
"Oh my God.  This is why I didn't tell you, because I
Tony reached down to kick off his boxer-briefs.
Tony stared at the screen, lost.  The Expo?
"Careful, he gets competitive," warned Pepper.
"I also really don't think I should be here for this conversation," Steve added meekly. He heard Pepper sigh on the other end. It was a familiar sound. "This is between you two."
"...I thought I died," said Tony suddenly.
"...he can have... babies?"
he thought to himself.  He snorted softly; the phrase was twice as funny considering he was cuddling with someone who was practically a living version of G.I. Joe.  Steve probably didn't know who that was, though.
Tony sat up, blinking in the pale morning light, shaking his head.  His heart was pounding but the dream had already faded.  He only remembered being tied down and in terrible pain.  An Afghanistan flashback, no doubt.  Automatically, he pulled Steve to him.  "Hey, Steve, your scary redhead friend is here.  Where's Eyeball?"
A chill ran down his spine. Steve had a horrible image of them breaking both his feet so he couldn't run away, couldn't fight back properly... he couldn't help that his face fell a little at the thought.
The two of them were sitting cross-legged on the bed, plates of food scattered around them, like a pair of kids left alone in a hotel with their parents' credit card.
"Steve wants his
Tony beamed at Steve, clearly assuming Steve would be impressed by this tidbit of knowledge.  Steve looked lost.
bonded and felt the other having sex all the time. Because
"I told you, he hates doctors," said Pepper.  "He came back from Afghanistan with, what, eight cracked ribs--"
"Tony!" Steve called out. "Tony! Don't do this! You're better than this!"
He looked up.  Steve had just gotten out of the shower.
"Who is it?"
Tony's breath hitched.
He kind of hated her in that moment. That was new for Donner. He didn't usually hate people. And his cheek hurt.
"I believe they were linked to too many abuse cases," the docent shrugged. "If you want to know the details, you can just Google it."
Karpov, on the other hand, was proving impossible to find.  Having made his way through the phonebooks for both Cleveland and Cincinnati, the asset was forced to conclude that he'd have to resort to other methods.  He would have liked to go to Ohio to search for him in person but he was so close to Steve he could almost taste him and he just couldn't bring himself to leave New York, knowing that Steve was only a few miles away.  He hoped that Steve was thinking about him, too. He touched the picture again, longingly, wishing Karpov were here to advise him on how to proceed.
. He grunted and looked over to see Tony still asleep.
, he'd wanted to be a
"Они говорят, что вы не можете научить старую собаку новым трюкам," Steve replied coolly as he stood and adjusted his grip on his shield, eyes narrowing.
"If it is permanent it means Bucky can find me and so can HYDRA and  I'll be pretty screwed..." Steve shrugged. "But like I said. I did this. I'll deal."
Jed walked away with him. "How much longer do you think you'll be staying for?"
"...an
They asked for his story and he tried to explain but it was disjointed.  "They took my mate.  He lost a baby.  It was my fault.  I loved him, really, but I couldn't mate him, he was too sick.  I didn't want to hurt him.  But then he was mad at me.  I sent him some flowers.  They took him in a van."
and treat me
"Well, now I figure you
"Please do," said Tony with a small smile.  "I missed you yesterday. Have you looked at our schedules?  They're bananas. And I'm not even talking about birthday plans or anniversary plans or anything... I got something good planned for our anniversary, by the way."
The one alteration to his wardrobe they made was to put a waistcoat on him, over his shirt.  Typical omega fashion.  The vest was a bit small but they made it work.
They'd saved nearly twenty kids.  It wasn't every omega in the world.
If Tony weren't currently slightly manic from smelling Steve, he would have had the grace not to ask.  But he blurted out, "Did you ever...?"
"I want to go after HYDRA. I want to make them sorry they even thought they could do this. I want to make them
"Ellen?"
"You literally named the baby after a rock and a witch?" asked Tony, raising his eyebrows.
an omega.  Heh."
"White ones."
Tony limped across the shop, passing by the rows of cars parked silently against the concrete walls.
Tony finished pouring himself his drink and, leaving the orange juice and vodka on the counter, walked over to Steve to watch him eat.  He reached up and touched the back of Steve's neck, lightly.
Downstairs, Tony's full entourage was waiting, all six bodyguards, plus Pepper and Aria.
And with that, he was out.
"...perfect.  I won't need it for that long," said Tony eagerly.
Steve wore a slight frown on his features. Without saying anything he found Tony's hand next to him and interlinked their fingers together.
"Unless you go to a doctor to check your insides, you won't know for a few more years.  But it doesn't matter. You're interrupting. Eat," said Laura, tapping Cooper's plate.
"Is Tony playing?" asked Hal curiously, and all eyes turned to Steve, awaiting an answer.
"Is it hard having a load of Alphas follow your orders?" Danielle asked through a smile.
If Steve cried, he cried silently, his face pressed against Tony's leg, slowly making his trousers damp. "No..." he whispered. "Not good enough." And then he went quiet, letting his eyes screw shut.
Steve sighed and texted back saying he would go. It felt so ridiculous... him getting help when
"An old priest.  And a young priest," said Tony, turned his head.  His hair, soaked in sweat, was plastered against his head.  "Bring me someone to read me my last rites..."
"I don't speak Russian.  English, please," said Tiberius patiently, rubbing Steve's arms in an attempt to warm him up; his body had chilled and seemed unaware of its balmy surroundings.
When Frond pointed him out, Steve sat up a little, a lot of gazes drifting over to them. He swallowed his laughter.  When she'd finished her speech Frond wheeled back around onto him, her tiny hand still pointing at him. "It certainly does not help when omegas do not that their place in their home seriously!"
"Cum with me, Steve?" he murmured, panting softly as he thrust into Steve.  Steve's body was warm under him and gleaming with sweat; Steve's look was one of rapture and that, more than anything, was what was making Tony's cock throb inside him, was pushing Tony toward the edge.  He caught Steve's lips in his again; their kisses had turned frantic, sloppy as they edged toward climax.
"Oh, really?  Wow," said Tony casually.  "I've always had a pool.  I spend more time next to it than in it, though.  It's just an excuse to get girls to take their clothes off."  He stripped away his pants and kicked them aside, then dove in in a single smooth motion.  It was the motion of someone who had always had access to a private swimming pool.
Steve thought back to Gideon. "Yeah," he hummed in agreement. "It is."
"T-Tony...a-ah..." He arched up into it, letting Tony lift his hips higher for better access. Steve's hands fisted in the sheets either side of his head, his eyes heavy lidded. His dick practically ached for lack of attention. He squirmed under Tony's hold. It felt good, yes, almost too good-- but too much of this would certainly drive Steve insane. Most likely in a good way.
drink won't kill you."
Why hadn't he told anyone?  He didn't want to be seen as weak.  Didn't want their pity.  He wanted to die in peace, and dignity, without doctors prodding him, without Pepper looking at him like he was a delicate, wilting flower.  He had been through all that when he'd come back from Afghanistan and it had been humiliating.  Tony hid his wounds, both physical and emotion, like a wild animal.  He could handle the pain himself but he was loathe to drag Pepper into it.
"Oh my God, Steve... Steve, this guy, I went to school with this guy!  We went to Philips Academy together, back in the eighties, holy shit!" Tony laughed, running a hand through his hair, shaking his head in disbelief.  He dropped onto the couch on Steve's other side and reached out for Steve's cup of coffee. "Wow, oh man... I can't believe it... it's been, like, what, twenty-six years or something?"  He winced a little at Steve's coffee. "Steve, is there any coffee in this creamer?" he asked jokingly. He turned back to Stone. "Ty, what happened, how've you been?"
Tony checked his watch,  "Dinner's not for hours. But let's get you lunch.  I know how your metabolism is. And Steve... I wanna enter that poker tournament."  Tony's eyes were bright. "Steve, I'm good at poker.
"JARVIS, get Charlie on the intercom," demanded Pepper.  Charlie was the pilot; Pepper needed to know how many more hours until they were off the plane.  She was sure once Tony had a few breaths of fresh air he would calm down and go back to being himself.
Gideon had the decency to sound tired. "Are you aware what hour it is?"
Steve leaned forward. "If you get some sleep and sober up I'll do whatever you want, okay? I'll even wear a collar for you. But not when you're high," he repeated and then straightened up. "Don't try to join," Steve added again and shut the bathroom door behind him to try and quell the temptation.
Tony half-closed his eyes as Steve kissed and caressed him, letting the words wash over him.
Tony took a few seconds to breathe heavily and collect himself before he went back in.  He couldn't be anxious. No.  No signs of weakness; not in front of Steve.  Steve needed him to be strong.  Steve needed him to be a pillar of strength.  And Tony loved him, loved his omega deeply, primally. He had to; he couldn't lose, couldn't disappoint, not again.
At the back of Steve's mind he was still worrying about Tony. He glanced down at his phone at the top of his bag. No texts or missed calls.  No doubt Tony was lost in work.  In his gut, Steve could feel the churning of guilt.  It made him feel sorry for Tony who, he knew, wore the mantle of Iron Man as a sort of penance for all of the destruction he'd wrought in his previous life.
knows the meaning of the word consent," said Tony.  "But we'll call back right now. Can you tell Donner to get his ass up here?"
"Wanda.  More," he pressed.  "It's empty now. Please.  I'm alone. He needs me. I need him.  We're bonded. Wanda. Please." His face was expressionless, yet tears were running down it.  He did not seem aware of them.
"...yeah.  ....thanks, Pepper," said Tony.  He hung up and leaned over the balcony, resting his forehead on his clasped hands and closing his eyes.  He wasn't praying; Tony didn't believe in asking ghostly entities for psychic favors. He was just thinking, just enjoying the cool breeze, just enjoying the freedom he had that others didn't have.
"--this isn't
"Chocolate," he blurted, looking over at the omega to see if he approved.
One of the older girls frowned. "I'm confused."
Tony wondered if he could get Steve to let him lick him now that Steve was no longer his PA.
good.  Steve, you're the best guy I ever met.  All the stuff you stand for, the other omegas you try to help, the whole... all-American justice and equality thing... you're so good.  You're such a good boy..."
it was gone when it wasn't... but I swear, I
Steve rolled his eyes fondly. "See you in a bit," he told him and then moved to leave. He glanced back over his shoulder once to catch Tony watching his behind and raised his brow in playful disapproval before he slipped out the door. It was good to be in running shorts that actually fit him for a change.  Happy's had been too tight in all the wrong ways.
The back of his neck prickled a little.  He didn't recognize the other Alpha with Steve.  "...hi.  You must be Sam.  Anyone else think it's really funny that Steve's buddy is named Sam?  ...like Uncle Sam?  No?" asked Tony, sticking his hand out.  He couldn't help the rising dander on his neck; Sam was attractive.  He and Tony were the same height and both of them had a neatly trimmed goatee.  Tony couldn't help but start drawing comparisons.  He and Sam seemed about on the same level in terms of dominance.  And he could tell that Sam was looking him over, sizing him up.
"Yes, you are.  You're still talking.  Just relax."  She tilted his head back to press another electrode to it.
"I opened a window," Steve said, but that clearly hadn't done the trick.
"He doesn't want to bond you, man.  He just wants you to be safe. Seriously, that's all.  You can ask any of the other omegas there... George, or David, or... Banksy..."
"You look drunk," he said and he sounded disapproving.
Clint reached out for one and nearly dropped it as he slid it off the shelf.  "...oh, hell, these are heavy."
At the same moment, Steve's head snapped up.  It was like they were perfectly in sync again.  Wanda had told Bucky it would get easier to feel him, but still, it was nothing like it had been in the forties.  Bucky felt like it was purely serendipity that he'd somehow found Steve.
For a split second he thought it was Vanko, back from the dead.
Steve gently moved to take Tony's hands and pin them under his head easily with one hand. He didn't squeeze. Tony could easily pull away if he wanted to. His other hand he braced by Tony's head, getting purchase and ready to ride. He rocked his hips down once, Tony's knot teasing at the edge of his hole but he hadn't taken him all in just yet.
... ha, ha, cute...
The edge of Fury's lips quirked up but he said nothing.
Steve could tell Tony looked puzzled as he returned. He held the phone out to his Alpha and told him: "Clint wants to talk to you."
"Tony.  Your actions last week were extremely inappropriate.  First of all, you can't kiss people without asking their permission.  Second of all, we are co-workers and our financial entanglements means any sort of romantic relationship would be highly inappropriate.  Third, and most importantly,
While the rest of them chatted, Tony was still trying to get Steve's attention.  "Please, Steve, talk to me, why do you think I left you? I love you so much. Can't you feel me?  Can't you smell me?"
"Sure. Sounds good," Steve hummed as he watched Tony's lips around the toothpick. He paused for a moment, apparently lost in thought. Or rather lack of it. Steve pushed off the side of the bench slowly.
"I just want water and..." Steve tilted his head back with a soft sigh. "I want... Ludivco Einaudi; can you put him on? I like him."
Donner wasn't yet showing, not really.  Even with his slender frame, at best, he looked a little bloated, but he was less than four months along.  Still, one hand was protectively over his stomach. He looked up at Steve with his usual nervous glance. "Happy birthday," he echoed.
Steve let out a breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding when Pepper and Rhodes left. Maybe Tony wasn't the only possessive one. Steve swallowed as the quiet filled the room again. "If you have any more questions, you can ask them now. Anything," he murmured as he trailed his fingertips over the ridges of Tony's shoulder blades. His Alpha was already calming down now Rhodes had left. Steve's heart ached; his mate was so sensitive right now.  "I want to be honest with you. I'm sorry I kept things from you...I was just so scared of what you'd think. I won't do it again and I'm sorry," Steve whispered. "I want you to make it up to you. Please."
"Inside, ruining my kitchen.  He's got an interview... I guess to dispel myths about pre-heats or something.  The problem is, Steve's pre-heats are pretty intense and he's fulfilling basically every stereotype.  At least he's not a nester."
"One of the kids in the pen thought you were in your early thirties, you know," Steve said, trying to cheer him up. Really, the only thing that would make any of this better would be them leaving but they couldn't leave just yet. He hoped Hal was okay. Steve ran the pad of his thumb over the backs of Tony's knuckles.
"...I... I think there's a Mexican place a few miles south of here," said Tony suddenly.
"But if you
The asset stared at him, not knowing how to answer.
After flipping all the main breakers and ensuring that he could get music to play from his phone, Tony decided to go find Steve.  He had long since discarded his suit jacket and he felt much more at home after playing around with tools for a few hours.
"You're gonna be on SNL?" A few heads turned at the sound of Donner's voice. Going by his facial expression Steve guessed he liked that show.
Peggy sighed fondly. "He wore it to a Halloween party once, you know."
"Let me know if you want to stop," Steve whispered and then he ducked his head down, continuing his path. He dipped his tongue into the hints of muscle in Tony's abdomen, teasing with a soft hip here and there as he slowly trailed lower. He kept his pace languid just to work Tony up even more.
still fighting
"There's plenty of good causes to die for," Steve breathed and finally pulled his hand away, expression imploring. "But not this. You might be willing to give up on yourself, but I'm not. And you're going to find that new element if I have to drag you through every old file and report of your father's. Because I won't sit down and take this. And the Tony Stark I thought I knew wouldn't, either."  Steve let out a shuddering breath.  "You're better than this."
