“Dean, I can’t.”
Cas was still here.
“I was almost there, man,” he said. “I was so close. I almost sealed the deal. We were this close to leaving together, and then…” Dean’s eyes scanned over Cas’s face. The warm, dim lighting of the party softened his defined jawline, smoothed out the harsh edges of his features. There was enough stubble to nearly be called a beard, and Dean swore that it had somehow grown in just the few hours he had known this guy. He was stony, stoic, entirely unreadable, and… somehow the most attractive person Dean had seen all night.
Dean couldn’t be happier.
“I’m watching everyone,” the other guy said, as if it was normal behavior. “Not much else to do.” His blue eyes bore into him.
“Yes,” Cas replied, more breath than sound.
He caught him once more as he finished talking to that girl, caught him staring, nearly boring a hole in his skull, and couldn’t decide if he should be flattered or pissed off. But, right now, with two – or was it three – missed attempts in a row, the needle pointed firmly in the ‘pissed off’ direction. But he wouldn’t let it get to him; this guy was probably just some jealous nerd who couldn’t believe what a
“Big words coming from someone who’s spent the entire night staring at people,” Dean said.
Cas remained still. Both arms stuck firmly to his side, both feet planted on the ground as if held down by magnets.
“Not used to parties?” The admission, if it could be called that, came so out of left field that Dean felt almost physically off balance. “Part – what do parties have to do with anything?”
A bit of weight seemed to add itself to Cas’s shoulders.
Dean let out another long sigh through pursed lips that ballooned his cheeks out. Well, that was apparently the subject to get Cas to open up. Surprising. “I feel ya, buddy,” he said. If ‘daddy choosing your fate’ could have been a degree on its own, Dean probably would be the world’s eminent expert in the field.
Cas’s moan caught in his throat. It choked out mid-way, and Cas’s body arched upward from the hips as he reached climax. Dean brought his cock all the way in his mouth, taking him in as deep as he possibly could, relishing in the throbs and contractions. A bitter saltiness flooded his mouth and he eagerly swallowed every drop, took the very essence of this man inside of him, felt it coat his throat and fill his senses. His own hand reached a feverish pace as he brought himself over the edge, and the waves of pleasure that overtook him nearly knocked him out.
“You ready?” Dean asked.
Cas took a drink from his cup for the first time. Maybe he had been drinking all night, but, almost as if planned, Dean never saw him drink even once. Until now. Was he even drunk? Why was he at this party?
“Dean,” Cas said. Both his eyes widened; the carefree expression he wore for just this brief moment of time slipped into something else. Something like rejection.
“Fuck,” Dean breathed out. He brought his hand back up and hovered it over the length. The heat radiated up, warming him from even a distance. Every so often it gave another powerful throb, desperate to be touched.
“I’m going back in, Cas,” Dean said, and he looked over his shoulder into those blue eyes as he waded back into the party.
“You found me, huh?”
“Fuck,” he breathed out, hands trailing up Cas’s thighs, fingertips slipping right underneath the bands of the briefs that hugged tight to Cas’s thigh. Dean allowed himself to travel up a little more, to probe at that hidden and undiscovered skin, to feel the warmth beneath Cas’s clothing and the desperate need that came with it. He leaned forward, face approaching Cas’s manhood, nearly in awe, and hovered directly over that bulge.
“Why aren’t you out there?” Dean asked.
Their lips crashed together once more, and Dean wrapped his hand around to thread into Cas’s hair, digging deep, holding tight, as if afraid that he may slip through his fingers at any moment. Both knees went to either side of Cas as Dean straddled him, desperate to be as close to him as possible, pulling him into his lips and pressing against him with the rest of his body all in the same moment.
“Yes,” Cas said. “Mostly, though, people are pairing off and disappearing somewhere else for a while. A few come back later. Some of those few have gone for multiple rounds.” This was accompanied with an upturn of the corners of his lips that Dean nearly missed.
Dean pulled his lips right over that glistening glans and gave the tip a single lip. His hand began to move up and down in slow strokes, lubricated by his own saliva. “Close, huh?” He asked, grin wide. The sight of this choir boy right on the edge of ecstasy was nearly too much to bear; a dark spot had formed at the tip of his own length, still trapped beneath his jeans.
Cas was probably right. Sammy was probably gone, had probably left with his girlfriend a long time ago. Maybe he passed by while Cas stood on the outskirts and Dean struck out for the fifth time, maybe he was already in his dorm wondering where in the world his brother had gone to. And maybe he wasn’t around for the idea that drained Dean’s mouth of moisture, that made it hard for his tongue to form words.
“Yeah,” Dean said.
“Well, yes, normally one is invited to parties.” He exhaled a strained laugh through his nose. “And then one normally expounds.” He shot the beginnings of a smirk over to Cas and then bumped his shoulder into his side.
Okay, no, this party was not going to be spent staring at some dweeb, tie and all. This party would be spent with that girl, right there, brunette, short skirt, just waiting for the right dance partner, and,
He took a step forward, body shaking. Thoughts raced through his mind, most of them
Dean picked up the pace. A wet, squelching sound echoed throughout the room as Dean worked, bobbing on Cas’s cock, jerking his own with lube provided by his own leaking precum. Cas’s fingers dug into the bed, his knuckles went white, his eyes clenched closed, and Dean pushed him right over that edge.
But that wasn’t important right now. The doubt, the guilt, could come later. And it would, Dean knew it would. But Dean knew more than anything that right now, right in this second, he could give himself over. He could give himself over to this man, indulge in the desires that had hounded him for so many years, and for just one second of time he might be able to be happy.
“Were you going to kiss me?” He asked.
Dean felt that one would normally continue that statement with something to back it up, but Cas apparently felt differently. Another beat of silence filled the air.
He stroked himself along with Cas, right in time to his hand and mouth moving on Cas’s cock. Sudden bursts of saltiness coated his tongue as the warning shots of precum dappled his tongue, which Dean eagerly lapped up. Another groan came from Cas, though this one was urgent, this one was something more than pleasure; Cas was close.
Cas lie in the bed, his back up against the headboard. And he smiled.
What the fuck?
The slightest hint of a smile appeared at the corner of the guy’s lips. “Tough luck,” he said. Something in his otherwise stony expression betrayed a sort of gentleness. “I really thought you had that one with the red hair.”
“What do you study?”
A hand pressed against Dean’s chest.
“Dean,” Cas said. His eyes, once so stoic, widened in fear.
Barely enough alcohol still ran through his system, still gave him just enough of a blurred edge to push past his usual walls.
“Is it?” He asked, shifting his weight to one foot, angling his body just the tiniest bit closer to the mystery man.
Another whispered, “Fuck,” beneath his breath, and Dean reached into his pocket for his keys. The Imapala was
Fingertips hooked underneath the waistband and slowly pulled down. Dean kept himself from shaking as he drunk in the sight of every bit of exposed flesh, the completion of this beautiful picture before him, the thing that he wanted more than anything, until, finally, Cas’s cock sprung free, slapping against his stomach, entirely exposed.
Cas came bounding out behind Dean, trench coat – fucking
The guilt came later. As he showered, unbidden images of Sam finding out, of his father finding out, ran through his head. Of course they would find out; he wouldn’t be able to keep this hidden forever. The occasional indulgence would eventually lead to discovery – maybe already had, given that he had been dancing with a man in public. That pit opened back up in his stomach, and he didn’t know if he’d have the courage to leave the bathroom, to see Cas, to face the world outside of this motel room.
“Brown hair, red dress, near the wall. She keeps looking over here. You probably have a good chance.”
Dean leaned down, pulled Cas up toward him, and pressed his lips against Cas. Stubble brushed against his skin, rough, prickly, and undeniably masculine. Hunger coursed through him, an aching, clawing hunger, repressed for so long but now finally unleashed.
Dean curled his fingers around the shaft. His own cock gave yet another powerful, pained, throb, and his teeth scraped against his bottom lip. Up and down he trailed his palm, savoring the flesh against his own, taking in the feeling that was so familiar and yet so alien. The feeling of his own cock in his hand was something he was, well, more than familiar with, but to feel another man in his hand… it was power, it was control, and he relished in the extent of the power that he held over Cas.
The space between them closed over time, until they reached a song where their bodies nearly touched. Closer and closer, brushing up against each other, skin briefly touching skin, clothes far too covering, far too in the way. Dean looked up, caught Cas’s eyes, and felt one singular, powerful, all-encompassing thought.
“Thanks,” Cas said with a soft exhaled laugh.
“I know,” Cas said without missing a beat. “There’s still time.”
ever got out, his dad would never speak to him again, he was sure of it. He’d be disowned, kicked out of the family forever, an eternal stain on the Winchester legacy. Whatever was left of it.
“Oh,” Cas said.
“In the party. With the people.” Dean said.
Once more they pulled apart. Dean couldn’t see Cas in the dim light, but he could feel his ragged breathing, felt the hand on his side. Had that been Cas’s first kiss? He didn’t know, but the thought alone sent electricity through his veins. Might as well make it a third. He moved back in, met Cas’s lips, and felt that familiar tightness within his jeans that begged for attention.
“Cas.”
Cas arched his back of off the bed, fists finally leaving his eyes and instead digging into the covers on either side of him. “Dean,” he groaned out, the single syllable long and elongated as it flowed through his lips. This was encouragement enough for Dean, who pushed himself just a little further, just enough for the tip of Cas’s cock to push down his throat. It took all of his power to avoid gagging, but the payoff of Cas’s breath hitching, his thighs flexing and his fingertips going white, was more than worth the struggle.
What a choir boy.
Whoa. Dean found himself unable to do anything other than watch, lips parted, as a sudden and unexpected crack in that stony exterior presented itself. A level of vulnerability that he didn’t expect, but still found his heart reaching out for. And a dance around a certain word, a certain gender, that didn’t go unnoticed.
Dean swallowed that lump in his throat once more, stepped down onto the asphalt of the parking lot, and turned to face Cas.
These were not the actions of a straight man.
“Oh. Sorry.” The silence threatened to returned, but Cas actually continued. “I was invited by someone in my class. He thought it would be good for me to experience a real college party. I had never been to one before.”
“Yes,” Cas said, turning his gaze back on Dean. God, what it must look like: Dean Winchester, cock in hand, straight back up at him… well, maybe not so straight, but that was, once again, a question for another time. Dean continued to stroke as he looked up, ignoring the panic in Cas’s eyes. “Dean,” Cas started, “I’m,” he continued, but it seemed as if his mouth didn’t want to work.
Cas propped himself up on his arms and peered down at Dean. “Please,” he said, face red, jaw tense, lips parted. “Please let me…” Another tense swallow, as if struggling to get his own mouth to form around the word.
Both men looked straight ahead, neither daring to look at anything other than the darkness surrounding them.
? – positively eye fucked him for just a second before he turned away. Okay, weird. But it was no matter, because he had a new target, and she had fiery red hair.
The guilt would come later. The shame could come later. But now, in this moment, he was warm. He was comfortable, he was safe.
Not that Cas had been focusing on anything else.
“Sure,” he said, and crossed his arms tight against his chest as he leaned up against the side of the Impala.
man could do. Probably just jealous that Dean was at the party wearing something other than a fucking tie -- the hell was up with that? Wasn’t he hot, standing there against the wall dressed like some Mormon business reject?
Slowly, Dean began to grind himself against Cas’s groin. Fuck, he needed this. Though the jeans dulled his senses, he felt something stirring beneath the fabric of Cas’s trousers and had to suppress a mischievous grin. Something about this guy, this stoic man, statuesque at the party, now responding solely to Dean’s actions… Man, this was a feeling he never got with women.
“I am in the party with the people.” Cas said, as if it was obvious. “I’m here with you.”
“Hey,” he said.
, he could finally bring himself closer to the same edge that Cas so precipitously dangled over.
Cas could do little other than lie there, actually shaking a little bit, still surprisingly hard in Dean’s mouth even as the last drops of cum dribbled out of him. His breath came out in gasps.
“No.” Cas paused. “Yes.” Another pause, and then a sigh. “Dancing. Hooking up with… people.”
Cas looked down at Dean’s hand as it left, then at his knee, and then back over to Dean. The muscles in his jaw clenched.
“Oh shit,” he said, perking up. “Fuck,” he said, feeling the panic seep in, and then a sudden burst of confidence because he was Dean fucking Winchester and this night was going to go the way he wanted it to. All thanks to this weirdo; seemed like the puppy could handle himself. “Thanks, man,” he said, and he flashed a wink as he started toward the girl’s direction.
“Oh,” Dean said. His voice dropped into the lowest registers his body could muster. Gravel rolled in the few words he pushed out. “I get it.” A lump swelled in his throat. “Sorry, Cas.”
Seemingly taken back by the question, Cas turned a furrowed gaze out over the party and then back to Dean. “No. I mean, I don’t think so. I don’t know your brother.”
“Cas,” he breathed out, breaking away for just a moment, their foreheads pressed together. “Are you sure?” He asked.
“I…” Cas began, then closed his eyes and dropped his head backward. Dean watched him swallow, watched his throat constrict with nerves and desire. “Please, Dean,” Cas said toward the ceiling.
Dean raised his cup in a ‘cheers’ gesture. “Chumps.”
“Alright, I get it,” Dean said, arms raised up in a gesture of deference. “But it’s your loss,” he said with a wink and a grin as he made his way back to the table of drinks. The buxom blonde beauty he had set his sights on, and completely and entirely blew his chances with, shot him a smirk that rested somewhere between humor and loathing as she returned to the party.
had an edge of possessive protectiveness to it that had been rearing up all damned day. Now bubbling and smoking at the pit of his stomach when he thinks about Dean saying those words and thinking about someone as he said them.
Then Dean looks at him, eyes sharpened like he's trying to figure something out, “Ya know, I appreciate it an' all, but you don't gotta try so hard not to offend me, man. I mean, I appreciate the effort, but I don't want you walking on egg shells around me trynna' find the right way to say things, I know how tiring that can get. And if you say something I don't like, or that hurts my feelings or something I'll just tell ya, 'hey, fuck off with that shit,' and you'll know you went too far and we can move on. Easy as that, Cas. I want you to be comfortable around me too.”
But they were all speaking one over the other so he was barely keeping up with the conversation as it was and to be honest he rarely kept up to date with the latest political news, considering the busy schedule he had.
Dean splutters at that, and attempting to correct himself tries to explain, “I-I only meant as in Cas’s friend he’s mentioned before,
To be fair, the suit did have a better feel and fit than his regular ones, not that he would tell Balthazar that, he would never hear the end of it if he did and he was afraid his friend would go so far as to throw out his entire wardrobe if he knew he could get away with it now that Castiel conceded to the superiority of tailor-made clothes. He knew Balthazar wasn't beneath doing something exactly as crazy as that.
“No, no. You can sit down. I mean, if you want to.” Dean manages to stammer out as he scoots over to make more room so they wouldn't end up sitting so close together. This, however, proves to be unnecessary when Cas takes his seat and sits
And a short burst of thrill shoots through the Omega's body, remembering that he would be seeing Cas this Friday, and he was very much excited at this prospect that was for sure.
Then it all suddenly clicked into place.
Fuck, he couldn’t seem to stop kissing the man. Or maybe it was Cas who couldn’t stop kissing him, drawing Dean back every time, trailing his lips down his neck when the singer had to separate to get some much needed air back into his lungs, making his way back to Dean’s mouth once he deemed he had been parted from them long enough
And maybe people were right about him, maybe he was a bad person. For not trying to do better, for not trying to be more empathetic, for being too judgemental and opinionated. But worse yet, he thought that what really made him a bad person, inside and out, was that he didn't think he cared about whether he was a bad person or not.
Not bothering to argue, Dean simply nodded his head as he makes his way out of the room, heading down the white-washed hallway to where his own dressing room had been set-up. Dean had become pretty accustomed to their little 'private' discussions to know what to expect by now, and he knew he was probably going to be reminded about that guy Cas (or something like that) being here.
Their conversation flowed throughout their actual dinner and after. Castiel couldn't help but acknowledge how nice spending time, like this, with Dean was. The Omega was funny and easy to talk to. He didn't feel the need to censor himself as much as he usually would if he were on a date with somebody when he got into the topic of the kind of research he did at the university and about the classes he taught. Although Dean didn't participate much in that line of conversation, except for asking a few questions here and there, with some self-deprecation on his part when he didn't understand something, but Castiel ignored his unflattering remarks about himself and truthfully, those questions were what excited him the most, knowing Dean was genuinely interested and not tuning him out in boredom.
The Alpha stares at him curiously, but then heads into the crowd towards the bar area. Dean finds himself watching after the Alpha until he loses sight of him among the throngs of people.
He couldn't deny that he had been more than a little surprised at Dean's sudden decision to go out with him, but he was also more than pleased with the outcome of that day, and sorely left wanting when they were interrupted by that phone call. He couldn't remember ever going from zero to sixty in no time at all, his blood boiling for the Omega, who had been spread out so beautifully for him and he knew, if they had had the time to continue, he would have taken Dean right then and there in the open space of his kitchen.
The rejection in Dean’s hotel room had been evidence enough to that fact.
Dean for sure shared more than he wanted to with that and he can feel a slight blush creeping up his neck. But the positively dazzling smile that Cas directs at him forces the Omega to look away from those blue eyes, which seems determined to burn a hole through him from all the staring he's done in the past few minutes, since he could feel his heart-beat clumsily stumbling in its rhythm.
And he does.
mate of yours.”
“What’s gone Dean?” The Alpha questioned, his own heart starting to speed up from where he sat in his office, thousands of miles away, though trying to restrain his own frantic feelings as his Alpha brain thrashed at hearing its intended in such distress, but it would have done the situation no good if they both had been too worked up in that moment.
It wasn't how he imagined starting this conversation but it was true enough, he had read the articles Sam sent him, and he reluctantly admitted that they were pretty good. Better than all the articles combined written about him and a lot of other public figures at least. Cas had a way of writing that was honest to the bone, words weaved together that praised without being pandering and genuine without being deceptive. It was the type of writing, the type of person, Dean hoped Cas would be with his own story.
“Do you think if we had met in high school, we would have been friends,” Dean says out of the blue as he seems to be turning the question over in his head.
Dean didn't hesitate as he ingested the pills, water helping him to swallow them down.
There was about thirty more minutes before the show is scheduled to end and Castiel couldn't count the minutes fast enough.
this time, and find a way for him to notice
long day, for
“A man with manners I see, but please, Ellen is fine, why don't you two go and find some seats, and
At that Cas gives an unexpected laugh, “I wish I could tell you my Omega, but I wouldn’t know.”
sense of humour hadn’t made an appearance?
It wasn't so much his clothes that had grabbed the Alpha's attention, instead it was the fine dusting of make-up he had on. It wasn't caked on or anything obvious like that, but he could tell the Omega had put on some black eye-liner around his eyes, with a light brush of goldish-brown glitter on his eye-lids, making the green and brown flecks of the Omega's irises stand out and when he moved just right, Castiel could  see some shine to Dean's cheek-bones. All in all, he wasn't outrageously dressed and the make-up was clearly only meant to add some sparkle to his already gorgeous features, but even so, the Alpha found himself utterly tongue-tied at that moment, and in a way flattered that Dean had clearly decided to dress-up for their first date.
Fingers digging into Dean’s hip, hoping to leave whatever marks he can on his Omega once again, his Alpha battering at the outrage of its mate having gone without his marks. He takes care to go as deep as he can, gums itching to break skin but knowing that wouldn’t do any good without the hormones pumping through his body during his rut to truly mark Dean as his own.
With that he bends down and gives the omega a soft, chaste kiss on the lips, breaking away when it threatens to become more heated, something that happens almost too easily when he's anywhere near that soft, freckled skin of his. He trails his hand down to Dean's neck so his thumb brushes over the mark he left over his Omegan glands, which was very much intentional on the Alpha's part, and Dean would soon know the implications of the mark too. It was the Alpha's way of making his claim on the Omega known to everybody else, something that would need constant re-marking since it wasn't permanent, but Castiel wasn't about to go into this half-assed, not anymore.
after this. Choose your pick sweetheart.”
“Few weeks, a month for the most if things don't go as planned.”
In an attempt to lighten the mood, he pitches his voice higher and says, “Although, truth be told, I failed miserably at that, most of the time while I had been cutting classes I was just off doing my homework or reading biology textbooks,” Castiel tries to smile at this, and ignores how fragile it feels on his face as he tries to ease the moment from the serious turn he took it into.
And he wasn’t holding back anymore, didn’t
Dean tells himself, although he couldn't deny that his eyes had always involuntarily seemed to drift towards the Alpha when they were in the same room, just for a moment, before he snapped out of it and looked away. He never knew Cas that well, beyond the bits and pieces he heard through gossip that is, but those never strayed further than his looks, so there wasn't really any excuse as to why he would behave this way, and as a result he just chalked it up to him appreciating his well-established good looks, nothing more.
“Was he always so...”Castiel trails off, not knowing exactly how to describe Ash, or Garth for that matter.
He found out that Dean's absolute favourite food in the world was greasy hole-in-the-wall diner burgers and home made apple pie, this he discovered when he went on a half hour rant about a new diet he was put on to prep for an upcoming beach shoot he had (with images popping in the Alpha's head that he resolutely ignored, since it would more likely lead to round number three) and that out of all the aspects of modelling, the strict diets and watching what he ate was the worst part for him.
Not trying to deny his wandering and wayward thoughts in the least, Castiel shrugs his one shoulder, “I just seem to find you rather attractive right now, that's all,” he says coolly, no hint of remorse at being caught checking Dean out to be found.
Soon enough though, Cas and he are ready to leave, saying their short goodbyes to Garth, Ash and Ellen as they make their way out, the place becoming even more packed as the usual Saturday night crowd starts to meander into the place.
Dean can't help but let out a fond chuckle when he sees the Alpha's greeting. Even chatting, Cas was somewhat awkward and formal. The Omega thought he would have been put off with it by now, but Dean soon learned it was just one of those quirks that made Cas who he was, and he couldn't deny that he actually liked the Alpha more than he probably should given their tentative arrangement.
Just as he was thinking about how he could stabilise himself well enough to get out there, he heard the sound of something rolling on the tiled floor, and untucking his head from where it had been bent between his folded knees, he saw the familiar orange bottle sliding under the stall door, only to stop a few centimetres away from him, the white pills resting innocently inside the plastic container.
, just what he was. Those words never fit quite right in his mouth anymore, dripping like black acid as those blue eyes went wide, promising he wouldn’t be an Alpha anymore if that was what would make her love him again, as if it were that easy.
He left out just how desperate he was for cash back then, John leaving barely enough money to buy food for him and Sammy when he went on one of his benders and how stupid he was for going it alone right after, taking any offers he could get, which led to him doing some distasteful shit, one particular shoot he hoped would never see the light of day. But that was too much information to share, something he was sure Cas didn't want to hear and the last thing he wanted was the Alpha's pity.
Dean can feel the movement of the Alpha as he shrugs his shoulder, “I notice everything about you Dean.”
Hope you enjoy this next chapter!!!
“H-hey, Sammy,” Dean responds, voice wavering from the nerves, causing him to clear his throat from the sudden lump, before he tags on, “It's Dean.”
Just then, a woman interrupts them as she comes up to the two, “Excuse me, Mr. Winchester, I was instructed to help you get changed?”
Ending the call, and before Dean can ask anything Cas says, “That was Jo, I gave her my phone number and address last night at her rather demanding insistence. She couldn't get a hold of you just now, and phoned me instead to let you know she'll be here in about five minutes to pick you up.”
He rested his head back against the couch cushion, looking up at his white ceiling, his brow furrowed as he tried to make sense of what was happening to him, even though he had just wanted to drop the whole thing and never have them speaking about it again, though it seemed his brother had other ideas.
At his probing, soft-hazel gaze, Dean bows his head, and Sam can see the splotches of red tinting Dean's right cheek in the warm glow of the car lights, and he gives Dean a knowing look.
, and Dean had eventually given in to his advances when that dark, empty feelings of loneliness had started to taint his days and he just wanted someone to come home to, to call when he had a bad day, to comfort him at the end of it.
Dean didn't think he would last long in this industry, even though he hoped to hell he was wrong since the kid had obvious talent when he wasn't under so much pressure. But the man had been too fresh-faced, too inexperienced and soft in all the ways he should have been confident and firm, especially for a photographer. It was a ruthless, and take-no-prisoners kinda industry, tearing people down without warrant.
“And my mother, well at this point she’s just some woman that decided one day she loved her new husband and his sons more when she ran away from her five her old son at some amusement park on his birthday,” Cas huffed out an unamused breath of air before he tagged on, “Never even had the decency to drop me off at a shelter, she just left me standing there. In the cold, in the rain, actually caught pneumonia after that, first time I spent any amount of time in a hospital, and that was when CPS took me away.”
It's then that Sam realises the line had gone silent, and he curses at himself for not saying anything back yet, with a thousand responses running through his mind, all a variation of
The unbidden thought seems to stumble out in his head, so fleetingly, so unexpected that Castiel can't help the way his face contorts into a scowl, not so much aimed at Dean rather than at himself. But looking at how Dean turns his head slightly, eyes peeking down the hallway as if he were contemplating whether he should make his escape now rather than suffer through Castiel's gruff and grumpy attitude, Castiel knows Dean must have taken his presence as being very much an unwelcome one by the writer.
Dean lets out a self-conscious little laugh, and as he's thinking about a response to that, he hears Jo's voice right beside his ear suddenly say, “My, my, that the new boyfriend of yours that's got you smiling and blushing like a school-girl, Winchester?”
Instead of wearing his usual work attire consisting of his dress pants, shirt and tie with his ever-present coat, Castiel had stopped by his house to change into some worn-out jeans and a simple long sleeve Henley before making his way over here. He and Dean had planned on painting one of the spare rooms in the Omega's apartment since he finally got the all-clear from the landlord stipulating that he could practically do anything he wanted, so long as he paid a levy with his rent that month so the man could re-paint it to its original colour if Dean ever decided to move out.
Dean scrunches up his nose in confusion, not knowing what Cas meant exactly, “Why
It was amazing how John could still catch Dean off guard sometimes. Like he was doing right now while they were in front of this small group of people, spinning words together to create an entertaining story, his best people pleasing mask firmly in place in this stranger's home, unlike the black, oil-slicked mask he wore in their own home.
being the one looking a little as flustered as Castiel felt, gives the Alpha the boost of confidence to tease back and say, “And what about you? Do you talk about me too?”
But perhaps this was all simply in his head too: the looks, the gestures, the intimacy of their time spent together, maybe whilst Castiel had been profoundly changed by it all, Dean had not been.
Finally taking out what looks like a picnic basket from the boot of his car, Cas comes to join Dean and laces the fingers of his free hand with his as he leans in to peck him on the cheek, “Just, trust me okay?”,
A long-ago memory of a younger him sitting in health class, barely paying much attention to the teacher starts to resurface at his brother’s words, one that makes the Beta’s lips quirk in the irony that out of the two of them,
They stood there a moment longer, caught up in the intimacy of the scene before Castiel finally met Dean’s eyes, only then realizing the liberties he had taken after the singer had made it perfectly clear this wasn’t what he wanted earlier that night, not from Castiel anyway.
he had for this man. It was there, growing and growing, and growing, almost too much for Castiel to hold back from fucking screaming it out loud so everybody else would know. So
“Yes, as I've said. And how did you even know his last name?” Castiel questions curiously, confusion marring his face at whatever was happening right now as the Omega turns her phone to let the two on the other side have a look at the photo of Dean she apparently just pulled up.
As the need for air forces the pair to part, Castiel takes a moment to look at his Omega, blue eyes roaming and widening at the wild, unhinged state of the younger man. He had thought he had been the desperate one, but nothing can compare to the red flush spreading across Dean’s cheeks, his hair mussed and unkempt, Dean’s green orbs seeming to glaze over as he looks down at him, his lush mouth releasing these soft panting whines as he tries to draw Castiel back into him.
Sam was good at his job, and even better with things that required research, and he had come back to Dean not two days later, unloading all he had dug out on the writer, being more than a little impressed with how Cas had humanised the people he had interviewed when he went through his work. He also presented Dean with feedback about Cas to the editor of
By the time Dean had made the decision, discarding all his clothes, Cas was back on the bed, slotting himself between Dean’s spread legs once again, his own clothes left behind on the bedroom floor. Fuck, he had missed the chance at seeing all of the older man already.
Being able to just be himself around the Alpha, never finding the need to put up a front around him, at least not as much as he did around other people, was such a new and liberating feeling that he started to crave those moments he could see Cas again.
choose you over
Looking at his watch, Sam, his personal assistant, grimaced at the time, as he reluctantly answered, “About forty minutes. Sorry, but they need you for a final session, one of the sound guys messed up one of the tracks, so they want to re-do it all.”
to burrow in the Alpha’s warmth, to feel his skin against Dean’s, to feel those hands rake their way across his body, the quintessential image of Dean wanting to go belly-up for the man.
Before his temper can simmer and broil more, he's surprised when he sees Dean walking over to the writer's spot in the corner where he's standing apart form everybody else, with a limp to his step that he can't fully hide as much as he tries to.
But the closest Dean ever got to having this desire fulfilled was by only having his own tired, useless arms encasing his aching body in their loose grip once he was in the privacy of his own home, where he could allow the shivers of his heat, stemming from the need burning like hot liquid through his insides, to finally wash over him, knowing it was better to succumb to the sensations than to fight them whenever he got the chance. Dean always felt slightly ashamed of this deep-seated need, which always made him feel even more alone as he knew it was just another testament to how broken of an Omega he had let himself become with the amount of emotional baggage and insecurities that would no doubt tire any Alpha out soon enough if he ever decided to share his heat with anyone.
Thoughts and speculations about what the Beta meant and what he could possibly do filtering in and out through his mind since the encounter with Alastair sapped the last of Dean's energy, knowing his slate wasn't as clean as he pretended what with the minimal amount of scandal and drama he stirred even with his high end status, preferring to live as peacefully as he could under the radar, which worked out well for him since the media had little interest in his boring personal life. It all left him drained, mentally and physically, the tension building until he could feel the strain of it in his eyes and throbbing through his skull, hoping it wouldn't serve as a catalyst for one of his migraines to take advantage.
Walking slowly until he was inches away from his son, John stared him down and Dean could pretend all he wanted, but John saw the panic lurking there behind his wide, glassy green eyes, and he didn't like that look one bit. It reminded him of just how fucking fragile the boy was and if there was one thing he despised, it was weakness, especially coming from his own flesh and blood.
There was a tenderness to the moment, to the action of Dean’s hand cupping his cheek as his thumb stroked along the harsh planes of his face, applying pressure to the back of Cas’s head so he could lean down more, closing his eyes as their foreheads touched.
thought I was. So I picked fights, most of the time where there were none and skipped school, the whole lot.” Castiel explains and finally comes out of his musings when he catches himself saying more than he had planned to.
This time, he was the one to break their silence, something about being there up on that deck, listening to the soft trembling of the waves as it hit the shore in the distance jarring a strange feeling of intimacy as he reminisced, “Ya know, I think one of my earliest memories was of the ocean.”
Like what he was doing right now.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s eyes, having been closed tightly shut so he could concentrate on every push inward of his Alpha’s large member, suddenly pops open as he feels an added pressure at his entrance, body shifting seemingly of their own as he parts his knees further, a position he
It was ironic, but Castiel didn't know what to say, how to respond to the look of understanding flickering in Dean's green, green orbs. He was used to asking those hard-hitting questions, but finding the balance for
Dean turns his head as Cas walks to the en suite bathroom, getting a perfect view of the broad shoulders and admiring the way the muscles move beneath the skin of his back,
But something in him wavered slightly when he came to John's hotel penthouse suite room, a few floors above his own and one above Dean's.
Thirty minutes later and Dean is unlocking the door of his hotel room, exhausted and completely done with this trip, and desperately wishing Cas would be there with him, the Alpha's comforting arms waiting to greet him with an embrace sparking a longing so fierce Dean wants to cry. Instead the Omega has to spend yet another night comforting himself with his own weak and cold arms wrapped loosely around his body until he can finally drift off.
“So will you?” She asks when the silence stretches on long enough, and her own agitation increasing when she realizes she really has to get out there.
But that was something Dean could manage, it was such a staple part of his job, that showing off a little more skin than he usually would wasn't something too alarming. But the overbearing presence of the Beta when he was around was a nightmare, his whispered words of displeasure at how badly his shots came out, how group photos never looked quite right with him in them, only served to extend his working hours with having to redo all of them, even the group ones (much to the disgruntles from the rest of the models) made his job that much harder.
With Cas's hands still cupping his, Dean's own ones come up to hold and caress the Alpha's wrists as he dares to open his eyes, “So...does this mean you liked the song?” The hopefulness in his voice is obvious, but at this point he couldn't care less about how desperate he sounds as he holds his breathe and waits for Cas's response.
After stopping them for that short period while perusing Dean, there had been a liberation in not using them, he had felt more himself than he ever did and the sad thing was he hadn't realized he
With a firm grip in his golden strands, Castiel tugs as he draws his head up, getting the Omega’s attention locked onto his eyes, “What do you need my Omega, anything, it’s yours,” Castiel’s gruff voice speaks, words floating in the close space, lips coy as they hover close together, almost touching but not quite.
“O-kay, so what do they want then?” Dean was slightly confused, wasn't that how the whole 'get to know you' life stories of people like him went? He knew if it was
He had called Cas immediately, hands shaking as he dialled the now-familiar numbers, hoping and praying the Alpha would pick up.
Castiel thinks as he’s finally able to make his way back to his office, going there to retrieve some paperwork Hannah had called to say she needed filled in by the next morning.
would know.
With his new resolve set in place, he steps out of the car and makes his way over to the familiar structure he had visited for other reasons during the past month or so.
Like it wasn't just her an' me anymore. Felt like we had the world in our ears, in our heads, in our relationship. It was just too much and things got out of hand when she had to transfer to a new high school coz people kept bullying her. And I was half way across the country and dealing with my own shit, too. There was this one day I realized we hadn't even spoken or texted each other in a few weeks by that point. So I guess in the end we kinda just ghosted each other, we both knew things had ended between us the day I moved really. And that was that, I guess. ”
It was the perfect recipe for Dean’s blabbering mouth to take the opportunity to word vomit all over the silence in the room, trying to explain, “I mean, I said it wasn’t nothing special, so there ya go. That’s an all-access ID card, had it made for ya, so security won’t be giving you any hassles anymore since I know they’ve been assholes to ya this whole trip. I tried getting your name on their lists a few times, but John’s in charge of that so they wouldn’t do it long-term. But this way, you won’t even have to ask for permission, it has your name and picture on an’ everything.”
But deep down Dean knew that it was more than their situation, it was also a simple matter that it was
But now they were quiet, soaking in the simple act of being close again as Dean’s addled, sleepy body drifted into a light doze, Cas’s hand drifting slowly through his hair, nails scraping along his scalp and the pads of his fingers trailing along the shell of his ear doing nothing to help his current cat-like behaviour.
There are a flurry of people; models in different states of undress from what he can tell, and other people mulling around them trying to get said models in their outfits, whilst some of them were busy getting their make-up done in one section, with a variety of crew members moving equipment and props about. While the Alpha could admit that the photographs, stemming from his brother's eccentric style, were always impressive, the bombarding of the various amounts of outrageous props and colour splashed all about the white washed back-ground only served to over-stimulate his senses, something which would result in him forming one massive headache the longer he stayed in the brightly lit and colourful space.
“Yes Dean?”
The place was dark, everything tinged with a blue glow as neon lights lit up the place, pinks and greens and oranges zigzagged all across the walls and ceiling, right down to the patterned carpet floors and game machines, illuminating the place like one of those illusion haunted house rides at carnivals.
Despite the easy way he says this, Castiel can sense the underlying sadness this particular line of memory brings to the Omega, and he knows it must have left its mark on him through the years.
Standing on his tip toes, not realizing he was using Cas to balance himself so he could look over Sam’s shoulder, Dean saw a group of familiar faces gathered in a semi-circle around one table, some hooting and hollering in an attempt to probably psych out the person getting ready to bowl.
But it was Dean's mistake in not hiding his distress that first time since Alastair, the snake in the grass that he was, had chomped at the bit, striking at this weakness and exploiting it for all its worth by strategically rearranging his line-ups and personally appointing wardrobe to each model. It being an added bonus to see Dean smooth-skinned, no hint of his Alpha tainting what should've been
This was not how he imagined the night going. He never thought beyond just trying to find Dean once he saw the masses of people waiting at the entrance of the club. Luckily for him, Gabe had pulled through with an all access pass, but that hadn't been much help when he got in and saw that the place was packed all the same.
Turning around, ready to walk on over to the dressing rooms set up in the far side of the studio, the Omega reconsiders and turning back, he grabs Castiel's wrist, dragging him along with him.
Dean, staring lecherously, managed to tear his eyes away from the woman with some degree of difficulty. “Easy for you to say when you’re not the one with those blue eyes fuckin’… penetrating you.” The word ‘penetrating’ brought a smirk to his expression, and, to his surprise, the mystery man, stony face and all, returned the smallest hint of a grin. Or something close to it, at least.
Dean stared right back. He stared for as long as he could stand those eyes, but when it became overwhelming he had to turn his gaze back to the mass of people dancing and grinding to the music.
Oh, fuck.
, most of them
“Tell me more about what you’ve seen tonight,” Dean said as he pressed his back against the wall.
himself to have, and just in the one moment that he might obtain what he wanted the most… it was gone.
Something unknotted ever so slightly in Dean’s stomach.
“Yeah.” The sixth (seventh?) shot of the night tasted like nothing and stung even less. Dean’s teeth felt like static. “Not a match.”
“Yeah,” Cas said, voice low. “Yeah.”
Cas’s cock fell back down as Dean released it from his mouth, that entire area of his underwear completely soaked. “Alright,” Dean said, flashing a grin that felt more like baring his teeth than anything else. Cas was his.
The first kiss was soft, quick, and so immediately different from a woman. Cas’s features were sharp, defined, angular, and hard in all the places that a woman was soft. They pulled apart from each other, overheating even in the cold, and Dean cracked a smile that hid both the terror and the growing desire inside of him.
Dean furrowed his brows. Some guy leaning against the wall – was he wearing a fucking
And then he was out in the middle of the crowd. Hot, sweaty, oblivious people danced around the two of them, completely unaware that Dean was in the middle of a crisis and doing something he promised himself he’d never do. Completely unaware that Dean was about to dance, on purpose, in public, with a man.
Sure enough, a girl matching that description glanced over and flashed a smile his way.
“I pussied out.” Dean said, swallowing the thick lump that formed in his throat.
“Look at me when you say it,” he said, hand moving up and down against the saliva-slickened length of Cas’s manhood.
“So,” Dean finally said to break the oppressive silence, desperate to resume any kind of conversation, if only to cover up this raw, tender spot that the night exposed within him. “What brought you to the party, anyway?”
Now or never.
Somewhere in the distance someone screamed, but laughter followed and Dean’s hackles lowered. Little light lit the area save for a street lamp some feet away, but, thanks to the shadows, he and Cas were almost entirely hidden from the world around them. Not that the world was doing much; most of the world at this time of night comprised drunk students and horny couples.
Those blue eyes turned back onto him. Was that a smile? His face was so hard to read. Dean swallowed a lump in his throat.
“Yes.”
“Okay,” Cas said.
Cas’s cock throbbed in his hand, eager for more attention. And Dean obliged; he put his mouth over the head once more, flicked his tongue over the slit, and swirled it around the entire edge in slow, teasing laps. Cas’s hips pressed upward, seemingly desperate to sink his length inside Dean’s mouth completely, but Dean edged him on, refusing to allow him that final release just yet.
Wind blew through the sparse trees around them. The only sound Dean picked up was the rustle of Cas’s trench coat next to him as he shifted in place.
“Dean,” Cas said again, nearly
He felt the stare of the mystery man on the side of his face for a few moments more, but finally the pressure eased when he turned back to the same writhing group of people that Dean’s focus was on. Good thing, too, because those eyes drilling into him at the same moment that something stirred in his jeans felt a little off-putting.
Cas turned to Dean, wide-eyed, shocked by his own admission, and saw Dean offering a commiserating smile back.
“Dean.”
“Oh,” Dean said, and then followed up with another, longer, “Oooh.”
That one hurt. The pure stank on her face as he approached nearly pushed the soul right out of his body, and even another shot of whiskey failed to dull the sting.
A quick, muttered, ‘
“What?” Dean asked, bravado already waning, rug snatched out from underneath him completely.
, but beneath that fear lie something more. Something shone through the crack that broke open earlier.
“Uh,” Dean said by way of response, head tilting to peer at the hand. Even through the layers of his clothing, and the heat of the party, Dean could swear that he felt the warmth.
.’ The act in itself was an admission of something, an admission he had never made to anyone before, least of all to himself. “Just forget it. I’m gonna head out.”
“Please let me cum, Cas finally said, and the words seemed unfamiliar in his mouth.
His tongue ran along the entire length, swirled around the tip when he reached the highest point, and he closed a fist around the base of Cas’s shaft to stroke that slick shaft as he moved up and down. Cas drew in a sharp intake of air through his teeth, and Dean immediately stopped.
But more than enough time had been spent away from Cas’s mouth, so he pushed himself back, lips crushing together, skin against skin, and it wasn’t nearly enough.
Both hands wrapped around the waistband of Cas’s trousers. Slowly, Dean began to pull down. Every moment exposed a bit more of Cas’s underwear – and a bit of skin where the fabric caught and pulled down in tandem – and every moment brought Dean a bit closer to his prize. Cas’s clothed cock slowly revealed itself, its outline more apparent and defined beneath those white boxer briefs, and Dean licked his lips in preparation.
“Yes?”
“Keep goin’, keep goin’,” he said, biting his lower lip, beaming wider than he had all night.
“This is my last year, actually. Which is why I was actually willing to come to this.” Was that a smile as Cas stared down into his own lap? “I thought I should at least go to one before this was all done.”
“Hey,” Cas said.
“It’s rough,” Dean said, gravel in his voice, “When your dad thinks he can mold you in his own image.” Or your mom’s image; an image that could fill the gap that had been left so long ago and unite the family in a perfect, precise, utterly impossible to achieve way. Take over the family business, raise your little brother, grow into Daddy’s perfect little succession line.
“Oh. Well,” he pressed his back against the wall, “That’s kind of weird.”
“Dean,” he said, voice so low that Dean nearly missed it.
“Well,” Cas started, “I’ve already counted four people who’ve tapped out from too much alcohol; they all left with that same distant stare. Though none of them had as many drinks as I’ve counted you having.”
Dean snorted out a laugh, which Cas responded to with a jerky start. “Oh, sorry,” Dean said. “I just didn’t see you drink much at all. I didn’t even know that you did. Kinda thought you might be too pure for that.” He bumped his shoulder into Cas’s in an attempt to make the joke a bit more obvious. “Anyway, you’re more than fine. Would you have chosen something else?”
“It’s fine,” Dean shot back. Better not show weakness. Better not show the doubt that was creeping into his mind like a weed.
Crickets filled the night air.
Cas hummed out a noise of affirmation. “I see,” he said. “I’m sorry.”
“You’re back.” It was a statement, not a question.
Dean nearly tore his button-up shirt off in the brief moment that their lips parted, and he tossed it to the side to lay undiscovered for at least a few hours more. Next, he pulled Cas’s coat off, tossed it, and ran his hands over the length of Cas’s arms hidden beneath those white sleeves.
Dean grabbed Cas by the wrist and drug him away from the wall. Surprisingly, Cas somehow didn’t quite literally peel away from the wall; Dean had begun to wonder if he was quite literally stuck to it. He distracted himself with the mental image of prying him away with a spatula like he was a grilled cheese sandwich stuck to the pan; he needed any mental image ridiculous enough to take him away from the reality of what he was doing.
A familiar beat of silence passed between them. Dean shifted his weight from one foot to the other, weighed the keys in his hand, weighed the options of staying here or leaving forever in his mind. “Okay,” he said, and made his way back up to the curb that Cas stood on. Instead of standing next to him, not that he was capable of looking at him anyway, Dean opted to plop himself right down on the curb next to Cas’s legs.
Dean’s head tilted. “Well, yes, but,” he started, refocused his eyes, and then continued. “I mean, why aren’t you out there? Dancing. Hooking up with some girl. Something.”
Enough was enough. Dean’s fingertips dug into his plastic cup as he walked over and set himself right next to the guy, ready to tell him off, ready to escalate, but still maintained just enough distance between them for plausible deniability. He opened his mouth to speak, to fire off some quip that would either get this dude off his back or fire him up enough to get
at him, gazing deep into those eyes that had served as so much of a focal point for their interaction this night, and he leaned in closer, closer, far more close than he ever allowed himself to get to a man, and…
He kept Cas’s cock inside his mouth the entire time that he released, spilling his seed over his hand, on the floor, on his own jeans, but cared little about anything other than the shockwaves shooting through him. It was as if electricity ran through his veins for the few seconds that stretched into an eternity. Every sense heightened, every brush against his skin nearly painful.
“Nothing to be sorry about, Cas.” Dean splashed yet another glug of whiskey into his cup, though this time he allowed it to rest at the bottom, undisturbed. “I guess it means I get to spend a bit more time on the weirdo wall.”
“Hey,” Dean said as they broke apart, throat going tight. No going back. “You wanna head somewhere else? It’s cold out here. And the, uh,” he glanced back over his shoulder toward the dim lights of the party. “The party’s kind of loud.” He had a jacket and the party was draining of its last few people, but the actual facts of the night mattered little. “I have a motel room.”
“Dean,” Cas repeated, a note of gentleness warming the edges of his words.
The bottom fell out of Dean’s stomach. Run. Get out of here. The car’s right there, hop in and leave. Nobody has to know that any of this happened, nobody will ever believe this guy with those big ol’ eyes, and all of this can be forgotten about before Sam graduates.
“Uh,” Cas started, eyes unfocused. “Well, you know,” he started, shoulders going a bit straighter. “Honestly, my dad kind of pushed me into it.” Though his expression remained as unreadable as ever, a bit of courage seemed to seep into his features. “It’s okay, though. But I probably wouldn’t have chosen it on my own.”
“Oh,” Dean said, feeling as if he struck some sort of nerve. “Do you enjoy it?” That question might just add fuel to fire. Whoops.
“Out where?”
Cas was still here.
“Yes,” was apparently all he felt like saying.
What a weirdo. But, a weirdo that, somehow, was the first person to give him the most genuine attention out of anyone else he had spoken to tonight. The first person all night who didn’t immediately reject him, laugh him off, or end the conversation as soon as possible, eyes darting this way and that as if literally searching for an escape from the conversation with him. This guy may be a statue on the outskirts of the party, but at least the statue remained in one place when they spoke. The statue didn’t run; the statue actually looked at him. And Dean was just drunk enough to entertain the ramblings, and attention, of weirdos.
A hand grasped his shoulder.
“I’ve only,” Dean started, voice hoarse. The night so silent, the quiet so oppressive; he felt as if even the grass listened to the words he so rarely had been able to say. “Only, uh, a couple of times. With, um…” Guys. Men. Members of the same sex. A few candid trysts in the past, immediately hushed up and never spoken of again. If they ever got out, if
Cas’s eyebrows raised a bit. “That you do,” he said.
But Cas was here. This guy, this strange and yet remarkable man who he had known for so short of a time and yet already felt so many of his defenses lowering around. Cas was here right now, Cas could be his, probably, if he just reached out and asked for it.
“Black-haired guy over there has struck out even more than you.” It was said so matter-of-factly that Dean couldn’t even bother to be offended by the reiteration of his failure. “The women here seem to be disgusted by him. Probably with good reason, given the way he stares at them when their backs are turned.”
“Tell me you want it,” Dean said after he released Cas’s cock from his lips. “Tell me you want to cum.” He capped the sentence off by drawing his tongue up from base to tip in one long motion, as if licking an ice cream cone.
“You got it,” Dean said, shooting Cas his cockiest grin and a wink.
“I was hoping to be one of them,” Dean said. A quick jerk of the head suggested that the alcohol had loosened his lips more than expected.
Cold air swept across his face as he pushed his way out of the door. He swiped a hand across his forehead, wiping the sweat that beaded against his brow. In light of his humiliation, the tranquility of the night outside felt almost like an assault. Nothing disturbed the peace save for the muffled thumping of the music behind him, the distant conversation of people walking back to their cars ahead of him, the giggle of a girl holding on to her man’s arm.
“That’s it!” Dean said. He kept his hands on Cas’s arms for a few moments more, and then, with some degree of reluctance, pulled back and allowed Cas to go on his own. Cas seemed to merely mimic what Dean was doing, but it was enough. They moved in time, (mostly in time,) felt nothing but the music and saw nothing but each other.
This time Dean was more than happy to oblige.
“I –” he started. “I, uh,” he continued, chest deflating with every additional word. (Or grunt.) “Thank you. I think. Wait, are you watching me?”
“So, you go here, huh?” Dean asked.
Dean swallowed. His mouth felt dry. “What else have you seen?”
“Yes,” Castiel continued. “So, I came here, but couldn’t find him. So, I waited. And then I found you.”
Dean gave himself another pour of whiskey into his red solo cup, and his face contorted into a grimace when he shot the entire thing down in one gulp. The pleasant burn engulfed his throat, shooting fire through his veins, and for a moment he forgot that every single girl he talked to tonight had said ‘no.’
“Sorry,” Cas said. “I think I had a bit more to drink than I remembered. Didn’t mean to unload.”
Another shot of whiskey, another grimacing gulp. Time to build up the courage, time to bring out the charm.  He slammed his cup down onto the table, chest puffed out, the god damn king of the mountain, and peered out into the crowd.
What the fuck?
And he was god awful at it.
“Explain, please,” he said. This certainly wasn’t the conversation he imagined himself having when he arrived at the party. The picture he formed, the battle plan he created, before arriving involved much less speaking, and much more…
“Fuck,” he breathed out, boots flattening the dew-coated grass with every step. “Fuck,” he repeated. Visions of Sam finding out about tonight flashed through his mind; surely someone in the party would say something. Hey, Sam, your big bro was putting the moves on that uninvited weird dude in the tie. Hey, Sam, your big brother isn’t a single bit like the man you thought he was.
Dean pressed his lips to Cas’s clothed shaft. It felt warm beneath the cloth; warm, firm, and throbbing. He moved upward, the white cloth getting a little bit darker everywhere his lips pressed, until he reached the very tip, which already had a damp spot of pre.
Dean took the spot next to Cas. He sat next to him, side by side, the warmth of his shower still radiating off him, and the warmth of Cas’s body pressing into his shoulder. No words were exchanged, nothing said about the act they both participated in. Instead, Dean allowed his head to fall down, allowed himself to scoot his body down, until his head rested on Cas’s shoulder. Cas, in turn, wrapped his arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him in, holding him close, resting his own head atop Dean’s.
Dean undid Cas’s tie, unskillfully but quickly enough from sheer brute force, and then began on the buttons. Button by button Cas’s shirt opened up, exposing a flash of skin here, a patch of hair there, until Dean tore it open entirely. His mouth traveled to a nipple, brushing his lips against it, his tongue, then closing his lips around it and giving the slightest suckle. Just enough to bring it to attention, just enough to give Cas a taste of that pleasure. Then he trailed his mouth down, pressing his lips to new patches of skin, patches of skin that had never been touched by another man, until finally he hit reached the barrier of Cas’s belt.
“Big. Tall. Long hair. Brick wall.”
Dean licked his lips. He angled Cas’s cock toward his mouth, leaned forward on his legs, and held the head right before his lips. Steamy breath flowed across the tip, and for a moment Dean feared that he might lose his nerve. But the desire overpowered any fear, and his lips parted, and he slowly took that manhood into his mouth.
Cas exhaled something that may have been a laugh. “A few are gone due to substances other than alcohol. And two – him, right there, and her to his left – are responsible for those substances. They’ve already made a fair amount of money.”
,’ followed Dean’s question. “I don’t know,” Cas said. “This was kind of all of his plan from the start. Get a degree, follow in his footsteps, take over the business one day. Something like that. I don’t know if I’ve ever had the option to choose something else.”
There was that rug. Fire rose up in his chest once more. “I – Well, I, what – fuck you,” he said, sputtering more than speaking, rage and alcohol combining together into momentary incoherence.
Happiness drained out of Dean’s body. Another rejection, and this one stung so much more. This rejection bore the weight of losing something he never had, of losing something he never
Or maybe not.
Dean shot a grin back and began to move with the music. “C’mon,” he said. “It’s easy. You just go with it.”
Cas sat on the bed of the motel, looking entirely like the most uncomfortable statue ever created. Dean walked up, stood before him, peered down at the man below him, and took a deep breath. He reached down and traced a finger over the edge of Cas’s jaw, then finished by cupping his chin and tilting his head upward. Once more those beautiful blue eyes stared back at him, though no trace of that former iciness remained. Fear reflected back at him, both in Cas’s obvious anxiety and the realization that Cas’s expression must mirror his.
The button on Dean’s jeans nearly exploded with the force that he finally undid his own pants. The zipper went down, the pants went to his knees, and when he pushed his own underwear down his cock sprang out like a beast unchained. Wrapping his hand around his own cock felt like heaven; he finally felt
“That’s different.”
“… I think so,” Dean said.
Real conversationalist, Cas was.
“And then?” Cas asked.
“I stopped you because I’ve never…” Cas started, lost his nerve, and then fell into silence.
Another bout of staring right at the side of his face. Dean was somehow becoming used to, growing fond of, the way this guy – Cas – apparently communicated solely through latching his eyes onto someone. He broke away and scanned over the crowd.
The guy shrugged his shoulders.
“Cas, Cas, fuck, yeah, so good, you feel so good, fuck right there!” Dean choked out, voice high and rough as Castiel zeroed in on his prostate, nailing it with almost every thrust into him, wanting to see him come, wanting to know that it was
“Yes, of course!” Dean bursts out, not being able to meet the blue gaze he could feel staring at him, “I just meant that, you never seemed all that interested in any of the models when you tagged along with Gabriel, is all.”
When he finally towels himself dry, feeling much better and more refreshed than he had in a while, he sets about pulling the Alpha's clothes on. He knew Cas's clothes probably wouldn't have fit him all that well, since Dean's body was a bit more slender and curvier practically everywhere that mattered, and he was happy Cas had the same thought as he chose track pants that at least had draw strings on them so they wouldn't slip down. He pulls the strings as tight as they can go, but not before deciding he should just tuck the baggy UCLA t-shirt in
Taking a deep breathe in, and collecting his thoughts, Castiel decides he should just start from the beginning.
Dean had somehow crept past his sharp edges, maybe even didn't mind being pricked by some of his pointed spikes, not letting that stop him from having Castiel right where he needed him, where he seemed to
Turning to see who it was, and wanting to let them know that the seat was already taken, he's brought face to face with someone who he would have preferred avoiding tonight.
a playful smirk still plastered firmly on his face.
The Omega squirms a bit under the gaze and finally relents as he lets out a breath, “Really, it’s nothing Cas. It was… let’s just say I had the stereotypical ‘losing my virginity on prom night to a douche’ story.”
But Dean isn't complaining, because the Alpha was right, he can already feel the cool air hitting his skin through his clothing, not realizing that he had scooted closer into the Alpha's body to stay warm. He takes the blanket off the Alpha's hands, a silent thanks to his thoughtfulness as Dean lays it out over both of them and the Omega can't help but let out a contented sigh, already feeling his body heating up.
And just like that the scale had been tipped, losing its balance, the writer and singer knowing there wasn’t anything remotely professional about them anymore. This was more than some job for Castiel, more than Dean wanting a favour, wanting an escape.
Still, he needed to know how far Dean wanted this to go, the writer was perfectly content with simply lying here, and kissing Dean all night long if that was what he wanted. But if that was all, then his body would definitely need a breakaway for a minute to calm itself down, before he did something as embarrassing as coming in his pants like some prepubescent boy who had no control whatsoever over his libido.
“Okay, I think we got all we need for today. Great job, Dean!” the photographer, Brad Dean thought his name was, shouts out from where he's a safe distance away from the water.
“Yeah, he's there. They were just going to do the one track over, but he wanted to do them all instead.”
Strangely in sync, they both salute her, with rim-rod straight postures and all, as they say in unison, “Yes, ma'am,” slinking off to do whatever it was they did here.
There's a strange, stretched out pause on the other end of the line, enough for Sam to frown and move the phone away from his ear, only to stare at a list of somewhat familiar digits, a nagging sense telling him he should recognize them, but the Alpha can't seem to summon the brain power to figure out who it is that's on the other end of the line at that moment, especially since he'd know soon enough anyways. Well, at least once the person
He was surprised to find that Dean was almost as big of a nerd as Charlie was when it came to comics and movies when he seemed practically scandalized when Castiel mentioned he hadn't seen most of the movies Dean was talking about. But there were other, more subtle things that the Alpha noticed about the Omega, like the fact that, despite his occupation and the certain degree of confidence he thought must have come with doing what he did, Dean was extremely self-conscious and shy at times, and it became explicitly apparent to Castiel whenever he complimented the Omega. He also discovered how truly loyal Dean was, almost to a fault when it came to the people close to him, the Omega seemed to always trump their needs over his own, coming through with how easily he praised his brother and it was clear that Dean felt a level of responsibility for him that was more parent-like than the usual role of older sibling, and that alone went a long way in the Alpha respecting him, since he could see the similarities in the relationship he and Gabriel shared. It was all these little pieces of information that made him all the more determined to seek out every facet he could about Dean, until everything that the Omega ever was and is would be laid bare in front of Castiel.
He had scowled and attempted to rebut their suggestions and worry, but deep down he knew he couldn’t avoid his home altogether. Lately, though, it had felt desolate and empty; Dean’s scent that had started to permeate the air having faded the longer the Omega was gone, day by day, his scent going duller and less poignant. And the night it had truly faded from his home, had been an experience he hoped he would never have to endure again.
Closely followed by,
Songs at the end:
“Shit, what’re ya doing to me Cas?” Dean asked as he stared, with round almost shocked eyes at the older man, whose entire body weight was holding his own down, trapping him in the most delicious way possible, forcing his body to yield to his commands, and damn if that wasn’t fucking hot, riling him up just that much more.
He had freckles.
Yeah, that fact never really seemed to make him feel as good as he knew he should have.
The Omega fights the blush he can feel heating up his already flushed face and chest with embarrassment at the wanton way those words makes him sound, even if they were true enough.
They were at the end of said trail though, so thank God there was no hiking involved on this date for Dean.
Deciding to redirect the conversation away from him, the Omega looks back at Cas and asks, “What about you, though. I think I remember Gabriel saying you were some professor or something?”
The singer had him there, but he still thought Dean was wrong, really fucking wrong. Even though he was the younger of the two, Sam had him beat in the romance department and he knew Castiel looked at Dean like he was the only person worth taking note of, the only person worth his attention, and not in the starstruck kind of way. He’s seen enough of those looks directed at his friend than even Dean was aware to know whatever was happening between them wasn’t some celebrity worship going on.
posturing stances Alphas do when in the company of unfamiliar Alphas, an inherent and instinctual way to let the other know their dominant rank and status. While it was true that some forms of posturing could turn violent to the degree of being dangerous, it happened less frequently than people were led to believe, and those mainly happened in instances where Alphas felt threatened or were instigated or, in some rare cases where their Alpha brain activity was more pronounced and at the forefront of what was considered their normal everyday behaviour and actions than most.
John hadn't even spared either of them a look as he had turned around and headed for the door, his words, “If you hate being here so much, then why don't you just go, seems you'd be happier living it up there with those fancy fucks than you would with your own family,” the last thing he said before he had left, the echo of the door slamming shut filling the dense silence that fell in the room.
“No reason. Just wanted to know when I'll be able to see you next.” The omega’s face is filled with confusion, and although Castiel usually shies away from these fashion events Gabriel drags him to, he’ll gladly suffer through one if he gets to see his beautiful omega all dolled up during and after the show.
“It’s Hannah.”
Cas lets out a faint, indulgent chuckle at his response, “I think I'd be the best judge to know when I have a crush on someone or not, don't you agree?”
Cas turns to him with a raised eyebrow pointed his way at Dean's attempt to have an actual conversation with him, “I could ask you the same question,” he says right back.
His thrusts are hard and fast and deep. Frantic in his desire to consume Dean, to make his Omega feel every inch of him once again. The feeling of Dean pushing back against every plunge inside drives him even wilder as his hand shifts to grip the back of Dean’s neck, fingers pushing at the sensitive bite he had already left there.
Looking at him from beneath his eye lashes, Dean says, “I can do that for ya, Cas.”
over before he had.
There was no slow build-up; no careful, cautious exploration and soft gestures leading to more. They had been dancing around each other for what felt like an eternity; this moment prolonged only that much more by Dean’s fears and doubts. And Castiel’s too.
Castiel does the universal sign of zipping his mouth and throwing away the key, much to the Omega's amusement at the childlike gesture, the Alpha only receiving Dean rolling his eyes at his antics as a response.
Dean's eyes widen in shock at that, it was times like this where the Omega saw how totally out of tune with social etiquette the Alpha was,
“Well, I lived in a big city when I was growing up, and as a result the home base for some pretty big organisations trying to debunk Alpha's rights, the particular brand of tactics they used were cruel and hateful though, making people believe all these stupid things about us, when in actual fact, they just didn't understand, didn't
“But, there had been this one Alpha that took an interest in the new kid when everyone else already had their own cliques and friends. And it was nice, the attention. I-I didin’t get a lot of that, and suddenly here was this charming, funny guy who seemed to have liked me,” Dean sees the sudden dawning in Cas’s eyes, the flicker of wisdom that only came as you grew out of the naïve sphere of teenage thoughts.
Dean let out a surprisingly wanton moan when Castiel nipped slightly at the now swollen flesh of that maddeningly seductive bow-shaped upper-lip, which the older man couldn’t help but focus all his ministrations on, but wanting to explore the wet, slick cavern of his mouth as he allowed his tongue to coax and lick over the singer’s mouth.
But, he knew today was going to be a clusterfuck and he knew he was going to do something he'd regret if Dean found himself in the writer's space with how messed up everything in his mind was right now.
“Dean, you there? Please sweetheart, I need you to talk to me right now,” he suddenly heard Cas say, the words bringing him out of his idle musings.
, which Lord only knew how Sam had managed to gain access to, with top celebrities making personal requests to have Cas specifically take on the writing of their own scheduled articles.
Cas seemed content to just watch him, head leaned against his hand as he watched the Omega with those blue eyes gone soft as he gazed down at Dean. The action should’ve been creepy, but it wasn’t, not to him anyway. Recognizing that in the Alpha’s look there was disbelief that Dean was even here in the first place and it was as if watching him,
Enjoy, and thanks to all those who have clicked on, kudos'd or commented on this fic ❤❤
, he sees Dean smile and shake his head, interrupting him as he says, “I know what ya mean Cas, just take a breath,” and, quieter, he says under his breath, “and they call me a spaz.”
Dean would gladly deal with all that though, if it wasn't for how fucking freezing the water is, all thanks to whichever moron had scheduled this as an ass crack of dawn shoot when the gruelling heat of the sun couldn't yet do its job of warming the water up a bit more. It didn't help that the Omega's temperature ran on the colder side of what was normal, but that he had to look good for the camera, while his teeth were chattering away and his insides were doing their best to shrivel up to conserve whatever heat he had left made for a decidedly horrible day.
Hearing the front door slam shut, Castiel heads toward his adjoined bathroom, and as he does a sense of determination starts to bloom in his core, which quite shockingly, makes him feel more invigoratingly alive with purpose, and he vows that no matter what happens between them, they will see through the potential of whatever these feelings are that he knows both of them are experiencing for the other, even if the Omega is a bit reluctant to give in to them right now.
“What happened, then?” The words were blunt and steel edged against Dean's softer and more vulnerable ones, but at this point that just defined who they were when with each other. Both finding a strange comfort in this fact, realizing that nothing had really changed since that first meeting on the rooftop, a balance to the unacknowledged fact that in reality, everything about their relationship had changed since Dean's request.
Dean was starting to think that the Alpha had a bit of a forward streak to him, and the Omega was also stunned to realize that he didn't quite mind it, at all.
Goddamnit, and Dean thought his preppy, formal wear did him in already, but seems Cas generally looked good in just about anything.
and only hers.”
And there was no time like the present to do just that, “We’ll just have to strongly disagree on that then. You’re worth more than you know, Dean, least of all the time and effort it would take to get to know you. It’s okay if you don’t believe me right now, it just means I have a lot more convincing to do is all.”
The surprised look he knew was on his face wasn't that hard to fake, he never even knew John had been in contact with them, “That's great. When's the interview then?” Dean made a point to know about any interviews he had lined up, one thing Sam knew he was rather anal about.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
the Omega thinks, letting out a sigh as he straightens out from one of multiple positions he was instructed to do that never failed in making his muscles scream in protest at the unnatural shape his body had to be in for over an hour now. Whoever said modelling was an easy job had clearly never been forced to contort their bodies into what was downright humanly impossible angles and keep it that way until whoever controlled the scene for the day was satisfied with the shots.
dream'.
“Holy, shit! You said his name was Dean right? And he's a model?” Charlie exclaims, rather out of the blue. With all he said,
“Yeah, I know, I was pretty stupid, you can guess what happened next. I gave him what he wanted and that was it. I prob’ly should’a tried for at least a motel, but we did it in his car on some dirt road, guess that’s at least different from the cliché,” the Omega says self-consciously, looking away as those dormant but never forgotten feelings of humiliation burns through him.
“It's a great stress reliever, maybe you could come with me sometime,” Cas responds, completely oblivious to the unimpressed tone in the Omega's voice when he mentioned hiking, and he looks at the Alpha sceptically, “Yeah...maybe. When pigs fly,” Dean says the last part under his breathe, too soft for Cas to hear as the Alpha leans in and questions, “What was that?”
“Hey! Yeah, that’s me, it’s nice to meet ya, sorry I didn’t catch ya name when we spoke on the phone,” the Omega says, as he shakes her hand.
There were no claps or cheering after the song ends, everybody still doing their own thing, paying no mind to the Omega up on the stage.
And in those moments, Dean felt as if all the built-up stress and anxiety and fear and shame and longing and fucking memories became a little quieter when he let it out during their conversations.
“So I’ll take that as a, ‘yes, I’ll come with you’ then?”
The Alpha makes quick work of getting Dean's clothes off, his hands skimming all along his ribs as he rolls his shirt up and over his head, the teasing brushes of his fingers sending shivers throughout Dean's body. Not wanting to let the Alpha do all the work, Dean slides Cas's jacket off his shoulders, throwing the heavy material so it lands  somewhere off the bed onto the ground. He then moves his hands down the Alpha's chest and stomach, giving him a playful smirk when he intentionally brushes the backs of his knuckles against Cas's bulge, making him groan out loud in pure ecstasy.
“Good. Now he'll be here the day after tomorrow, and we can arrange for him to stay in one of your spare rooms. We should make our guest feel as welcome as possible. I suggest you rest up until then, you look like shit.”
The Alpha had instantly stepped closer without even thinking, something about the green-eyed Omega just seemed to call to him, drawing him in and wanting him to be closer. He couldn't deny the instinctual pull, even knowing that it was crazy and completely irrational for him to be this star struck by the Omega. But seeing him sitting all by himself in the crowded space intensified those feelings tenfold and before he knew it he was making his way over to Dean.
If he were honest, Castiel didn't know what to make of Dean. On the one hand he seemed to play the role of happy-go-lucky celebrity better than any other person Castiel had ever written about, his sincerity being so seamless that he wondered if there was really much of a story here to tell. But other times, when Castiel found himself lurking in the areas where it was only Dean and Sam in the same room, he got a peak of someone with rounded shoulders, down-casted eyes, bitten lips and wringing, trembling hands that made for clumsy actions.
Their chaste kisses could’ve been enough, but there was a craving, a hunger and instinctual drive for
“I-I don’t understand. Why?”
There was something in that sentence that grabbed the singer’s attention, and he couldn’t help but follow the trail of curiosity Cas seemed to lead him on without the writer even knowing, “Did your parents…I mean are they,” Dean paused, the words sounding crude and awkward no matter how many different variations he tossed around in his head.
Castiel didn't know why those words left such a sour taste in his mouth. And this time he couldn't deny that that
But all Cas does is shrug his shoulder as if he didn't almost make the Omega slick all over himself right there in the middle of the bar his, practically adoptive family owns.
Of all the thoughts, all the logical arguments he could present to John as to why this wasn't a good idea, the only thing that manages to escape his slowly narrowing airway is, “John, don't make me do this, with the tour and recordings, and events. D-dad, please...it's too much.”
“About myself, my life, my past. Everything. It’s a little difficult to talk about.”
his pure, earthy scent smelled even better than that night at the club.
Time passed by slowly, it could’ve been minutes or hours as they sat there in silence, Dean offering Cas the only comfort he knew from so far away.
When Cas had asked him about some big project the Beta had apparently been working on for a few months now, which would be showcased at a prestigious art gallery sometime the next year, Dean had been able to see a different, more serious side to him. The passionate and enthusiastic way he spoke about the ideas he had been throwing around as concepts for pieces he wanted to present reminded him so much of Cas during the times when the Alpha himself really got into explaining new research he had read up on or projects he was currently part of.
Dean would be more embarrassed if he wasn't so hungry, and damn, he never had a PB&J sandwich in what felt like years, barely remembering how good they actually tasted.
In the end they had struck up a deal, he would give Sam the job, if he promised that he wouldn't be running around telling John about every single detail of his life. A fact Dean knew was one of the only reasons why John wanted him to get a PA since the business end of his career made it so that his dad couldn't be with him every day and every where he would be travelling. Predictably, John hadn't been so gung-ho on the idea of hiring somebody so young, but Sam was the one thing Dean hadn't backed down on, and not telling his dad about the fake documents probably helped his case too though.
“Oh, shut up. You never
Nothing short of finishing off what he couldn't five months ago that is.
Placing his hands on either side of the Omega's face, raising it so that they were staring at each other, the Alpha asks in a deep, guttural voice, “Are you sure this is what you want, Dean?”
And if people could be made into homes, Cas would’ve been that daunting mansion up on a hillside, but with the hearth of the fireplace heating them up from within, the windows illuminating the dark skies and rolling hills with an orange-tinged glow, beckoning people to come closer, knowing it could provide shelter and safety and security if they dared entered.
's that seems to clog up at the back of his throat, a lump forming there that he can't seem to swallow down as he shuts his eyes tight, feeling his breathing become erratic in a way that's definitely not normal.
But now they each knew what they wanted, where they stood in this strange and wonderful and beautiful and heart achingly fragile relationship and it was enough. For the both of them.
The singer follows the writer as he makes his way over to the small balcony outside where he sees the writer taking a seat on one of the two woven chairs placed there for guests to enjoy the view, not that there was much of one.
Even though a part of him,
Staring at her, and hearing the sincerity in her voice, Castiel's own resolve and conviction seems to snap into place. They had been wavering for a while now, lost to what Castiel felt was good enough for right now and the stubborn voice in his head that had been repeating, for the last month, that he should just enjoy whatever time he had with the Omega, because he would no doubt find Castiel a poor choice of an Alpha since he never thought himself to be anything special .
button in his contact list.
At that moment, with Cas’s body heat once again invading his space, the man seemingly leaning down just a little bit, Dean knowing he was leaning that much more up too, head twisting to the side, he knew what was coming. Something deeper, something more than the soft gentle kiss Cas had given him.
“Aw, don't look so grumpy, I got a major surprise for you.” Gabriel responds, waggling his eye-brows as a mischievous look starts to spread across his face, a look that, in the past, never bode well for Castiel.
At the reminder of the Omega having to leave for Paris in a few days' time, he can't help his entire body from stiffening up, even though he knows Gabe is just joking around. Seeing Dean's reaction out of the corner of his eye, the Beta turns his full attention towards him and with one hand on his hip he stares at Dean with raised eyebrows in a manner that eerily matches Cas's own critical gaze, “Let me guess, you haven't told him you're leaving yet, have you?”
Things came to a head when Sam and John had their ultimate blow-out on Sam's graduation, probably one of the worst nights of Dean's life. He remembered the feeling of his world slipping out of his fingers faster than he could hold any of it together, their exchanges becoming more heated, and when words weren't enough, the sickening sounds of fists connecting with skin rang out in their small motel room. Seeing John tackle Sammy to the floor had finally brought him out of the stupor he was in and he had managed to get them both off each other, earning a few bruises of his own as he was shoved against various furniture pieces by the two during the process.
just as much as well.
he would be without Dean’s constant presence, as if Dean had become his tether and without him around the world seemed to move on without him.
who caused the singer so much pleasure that he couldn’t help himself as he soiled the sheets below him.
But remembering that night brings other memories with it too, ones that weren’t as pleasant, his face pinching at the way that night had turned out for him.
“No, it's fine, there's just not much to say is all,” Dean responds into his shoulder, deciding there's no harm with answering the Alpha's question.
On their usual night out, he had asked for any ideas from his friends, with Gabriel tagging along too, since he joined them on occasion when he wasn't too busy. He knew he could do the usual wine and dine affair and he would like to eventually have a proper dinner date with Dean, so it wasn't completely off the table since he actually enjoyed eating good food from time to time, but something about that felt off to him, for their first official date as a couple anyway (
“Yeah, Gabe I know. I didn't exactly want to spring it on him, like 'hey, I know we just started dating and all, but turns out, I already gotta leave for a few weeks'.”
, Cas, please,” he hears the soft sounds of Dean begging making its way through his now clouded mind as his mating drive takes over.
when it's so important to us? My mom always told me to think of them like a blank sheet of paper and when you have sex with someone you rip off pieces of it to give to them, whether meaning to or not. So imagine if you keep tearing and ripping and giving pieces to people that you don't care about past just a night of release, what you'll be left with when you do finally find a really great person who deserved everything, and all you had of yourself to give to them is this torn, broken little piece of paper, because that’s all you left of yourself by the end of all that fun. I used to think she was insane and being really old-fashioned, maybe just wanting to scare me into not having sex with boys, but as I got older and the more I thought about it the more the idea didn't seem so crazy anymore, ya know?”
There was a strange calmness that always settled over him when he was alone like this, just him and the endless world ahead of him, and it was times like this when he thought that maybe, if he got to see this again, his life could be worth living.
Wanting this night to just be over already, Dean took off his headphones and cut right to the chase as he said, “Who was that?”
“This Friday.” The Omega answers without thought, before he questions, “Why?”
It was strange, this sudden realization, this epiphany, that loving somebody wasn’t the worst thing that could happen to him, that he wasn’t rendered weak and helpless and incapable by not holding it all inside himself.
On a basic level he knew people experienced either state in fluctuating degrees and although hyper-sexuality was a prime staple, with Alphas and Omegas exhibiting even higher degrees of this fact seeing as their sexual drives often doubled or even tripled that of Betas, it didn't always necessarily mean either was reduced to mindless sex crazed predators who couldn't think or control their actions beyond the next warm hole or knot, it just didn't work like that. Although it couldn't also be said that they never behaved differently in some ways or that heats or ruts were any less shitty since a reduction of inhibitions relating to their secondary brain functioning caused an automatic reverse in which part of the brain ran the show.
Castiel tried to evade the man as much as possible, but that was hard when it seemed as if he were attached to his son's side, a constant shadow that watched over his every move. That in itself intrigued the writer, but he also supposed it could be played off as a protective parent just concerned about their child in the crazy world of showbiz Dean had been swept up in. But there was just something off about the way he interacted with and watched Dean that wrangled his senses and Castiel stored the information away for now.
"Yeah, you better," Dean responds, but the heat in his eyes betrays the petulance in his voice at the prospect of whatever reward Castiel has up his sleeve for the Omega.
He slammed his open palms on the desk, where just the night before he had been sitting, furiously typing away trying to come up with a good story to write, not that his efforts helped any, he was no closer to producing a good enough piece than he was when he started, not knowing where to draw the line between what Naomi expected of him and what Dean needed from him.
Before he can decide whether to just leave and go back to his seat, since he'd miss when,
Though, on a stint that had lasted almost a week of the Alpha not having had gone home besides to get a new change of clothes, Balthazar and Hannah had finally cornered him and questioned him about it, told him he needed to go home, at least for one night since the couch couldn’t be doing him any favours in terms of getting a good night’s rest, not to mention getting some actual home-cooked food into his system since living on microwaved noodles wasn’t sustainable for too long.
With the distracted look in the Omega's eyes at his thoughts, Michael suddenly reaches out and grabs his chin, turning Dean’s head so they were face-to-face again delivering his final words so he can
It didn’t take long for the older man to join Dean though, the moment his cock was guided between those plush, bow-shaped lips, seeing them wrapped around the head, Dean sucking gently and fucking
“Thanks, Cas,” knowing the Alpha understood he meant more than just the change of clothes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMI04RqxHXA
The pair finally make it to what seems to be their location after about a fifteen minutes' walk. The path leading down into a sloped area, with short walls that straddles the slope, which have vibrant green bushes and flowers in varying shades and colours planted on the higher ground, highlighted by the soft, warm glow of the ground lights placed amongst the brush.
The evening was going rather well. He was glad to note that the Roadhouse did in fact have one of the best cheese burgers he thinks he has ever tasted.
Opening his eyes at the quiet words and the shaking to his shoulder, which slowly brought him out of the deep sleep he was in, Dean groggily pushed himself up, rubbing the palm of his hand against his sleep-swollen eyes.
“You ready?” Cas whispered to him as Dean felt the slight pressure of a warm and wet finger circling around his asshole, Cas’s other hand trailing lightly along one of his quivering thighs, before cupping and spreading his cheeks open for easier access to that warm, tight space his cock would be fucking in a minute.
It should’ve been a much softer and slower coming together of their bodies, should’ve been gentle and loving and it probably shouldn’t have been anything like what it was right then. Hard and fast and almost
at all to make it special, Dean picks up the black shirt and key card, shoving both objects at Cas, a simple “Here,” following his rough display.
“Alastair.”
If there was one thing Castiel was not, it was a morning person, and this was really just pushing the boundaries of that personality trait and souring his mood.
In one of his moments of getting caught up relaying to Dean the current topic being discussed in the modules he lectured, Cas, not even noticing how beet-red Dean had slowly gone at the kind of things the Alpha thought of as normal conversation, he had explained to the Omega that this dynamic, hormonal levels, sexual responses, sudden triggers for going into heat or rut, was a lot different for mated pairs or even pseudo-mated pairs if they spent years together as some refused the option of being claimed. After Cas had relegated to explain how research had shown they seemed to be in a lot more physical and emotional distress when they weren't together for either a heat or rut or for people and couples who wanted children or had difficulties conceiving. And often times, external circumstances also played a role in how Omegas and Alphas experienced their heats or ruts.
“I was stupid and thought people wouldn't care who I dated, turns out I was wrong, really fucking wrong.”
where the Alphas thoughts
“Hey, don't look at me like that, we got some serious work to do here Alpha,” Dean says, clicking his fingers in front of Castiel to get his attention. Seemed he wasn't keeping as tight a reign on his arousal as he thought then.
Castiel knows it’s one of the reasons why he went into second gender biological studies as his career, why research and knowledge was so important to him, people needed to know the cruelties that was happening right under their noses, and if they just took a moment to understand the way the natural world actually worked, how important some of those ingrained instincts and tendencies were to survival and society, then maybe institutions like these Alpha correction facilities wouldn’t exist at all.
"Well, I think people could be wrong. Intimacy and passion, they don't work like that, how could they possibly be so
Dean thinks to himself, trying to recall the last 24 hours.
“I'll see ya tonight at eight then, I should be done by then,” Dean finally says once he's gained back some composure, but he's still smiling up at Castiel like he hung the fucking moon or some shit, eyes bright and starry and the writer's still too tongue tied to say anything back.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean says, a softer smile plastered on his face now as he lets his hand smooth down his clothes, not exactly in a self-conscious gesture since he has a somewhat pleased look about him, but more as an indicator of his own apparent nerves.
Castiel has never been so grateful when he sees Dean smile back, catching on and sparing the Alpha any more questions he knows must be on Dean's mind, as was on Castiel's when Dean had told him about the start of his career, and he says with humour in his own voice, “So, like I said, a total nerd, just an undercover one,”
And now here Cas was, with his stupidly blue eyes and big soft hands caressing him, arms embracing him as he folded Dean into the contours of his body, letting Dean rest his head against his chest, hearing the strong beat of his heart underneath his clothes as the singer moved his own arms underneath Cas’s trench coat, hugging him back and soaking up all the heat Cas was radiating.
practical and he says as much, “You don't think him spending all his savings on a piece of jewellery for a girl is vain and materialistic? He could've used it for much more important things, perhaps as a safety net once he's out of high school and clearly on his own, with no help from his father, could've even funded his own art for all that a couple hundred dollars was worth back then.”
At least Cas didn’t look like he had had an injury or was sick or anything. Maybe Sam was right, maybe he just wanted the day off. And here Dean was, intruding.
Today was going to be a disaster, that at least was a certainty.
Castiel wondered why Naomi,
The Omega looks up at him, and Castiel is glad to note the sadness seems to all but have vanished from his face, replaced with a curiosity of his own at what Castiel said.
When Cas had opened his door, the light shining behind him from inside, he had looked downright irresistible. His hair was in its perpetual state of disarray, the usual shadow of stubble bordering on becoming a full-on beard if he never shaved soon, which always left a hint of red rash marks over his skin that Dean secretly loved staring at in the mirror when he left the Alpha's place and those sinful chapped lips that knew exactly how to reduce the Omega to a slick, moaning mess in no time at all. All that combined with those Caribbean-blue eyes and the casual jeans and grey fitted shirt he was wearing, was the picture of temptation and Dean went belly-up for the Alpha in no time.
The singer had known the words had been cruel and scathing, meant to dig in and hurt as they were intended to do, but the worst of it all, the most fucked-up part, was that even in retrospect Dean couldn't find one single part of himself that wished he could take back what he said, not when it got Sam to just fucking
This, right here, was his something.
After meeting Jo and her family, things started to become a little more bearable. But that crushing feeling of missing his brother, and even his dad sometimes, was something he didn't think would ever go away, not really. It was in fact, what led him to keeping track of Sammy through the years, and moving out here to California so he could have the illusion of being closer to him, even if he didn't know it, and what keeps him saying "yes" to John every time he phones his son to wire him some cash, without complaint, now to the point where John just expected to see a nice sum in his bank account at the end of every month, no phone call needed.
“Uhm, I'm not sure right now is a good time, it's mid-terms and everything b-”
Arching a brow at the Alpha, Dean walks over and dips his own brush in one of the colours, the Omega going for a purple shade, “It's not that hard ya know,” he says confidently.
The mark was all the woman had to see to accept that the Alpha wasn't up for grabs, seemed she and the girls had to find a new playmate to wager over, and with a flip of her hair over her shoulder, she walks away in as dignified a way as she could in the frilly yellow gown she had on that was patterned to look a lot like scrambled eggs and bacon.
He knew Cas heard the first sob come out, the Omega not expecting the intensity of his reaction to his Alpha’s question. He brought his arm up to his eyes, wiping and wiping and wiping at them until he felt a rawness behind his lids, the emotion burning up his throat, as Dean tried to control himself.
In almost one move Cas had flipped his body around, Dean automatically arching his back, ass up and knees spread wide, grabbing a pillow to place beneath him just as he heard the sound of a condom wrapper being opened.
And he wanted it, for the first time in years, he
Castiel had never quite anticipated how
It was hours later, after Gabriel had spent long stretches trying to console him, saying that Dean would be back and that he wasn’t gone
He never knew where the impulse to do this came from, only that he had a vague, barely there memory that maybe him and his mom had always sat and watched the sunrise together when he was little, but like most things that had to do with Mary, it was such a far-gone memory (if it was even a memory itself), that he couldn't be sure it wasn't his own mind supplying him with the cold, empty comfort the thought of it brought him.
his brain supplies not so helpfully.
what was wrong with him? He was just glad he had decided to wear blockers that day so the scent of his budding arousal wouldn't be present. Thank the universe for small favours, that was for sure.
“Awesome, okay, let me get his things and help you get him out to your car. We can use the back exit, no way do I want all those people and photographers seeing him like this, they'd probably spin this as him being too doped up to have modelled tonight or something equally scandalous, damn vultures, all of them.”
Castiel had hit his intended mark.
The feeling doesn’t last long though, not when Castiel manhandles him until the Omega is on his back, clothes divested and body bare before his back hits the rug, knees falling open in welcome as his Alpha drapes his bulky frame over the softer curves of his Omega.
It wasn't exactly what she asked him since she just mentioned the Alpha taking Dean home, but the words seem to calm Jo's own Alpha side's protective streak for the Omega, lessening the guilt she feels at having to leave him alone like this even if Cas was willing to take him home.
It amazes Dean that that corny, yet adorable reply could get him all flustered, blushing to the roots of his hair and making goose bumps appear on his skin from the sudden hot flush that contrasted with the still low temperature of his body.
Smiling conspiratorially, Cas replies, “Only one more,” and he turns his attention back to the basket as the Omega sees him rooting around in it to get whatever else it is he has in there.
What was supposed to be one of the best nights of his life had, in a matter of minutes, morphed into one of the worst. He remembered feeling that rush of excitement for his accomplishment, that he would actually be one of the few to get to live out what had always been a childhood dream of his ever since he started out singing, but that feeling had soon been trampled by a rush of fear and anxiety, feelings he became all too familiar with over the years, and ones he learnt well how to mask.
In a flash Cas was off of him, standing at the foot of the bed as Dean lay there, not knowing what was happening or what to do with himself.
It was a normal occurrence so he wasn't that upset, but the newbie photographer they had hired wouldn't stop apologising for the delays over and over to all the staff present, even when it was just standard procedure. The Omega had subsequently stepped in when he could see the man needed a little help in figuring out how to co-ordinate everyone and everything. Nerves making themselves known in the continuous mistakes he kept making on simple shots. Dean was no expert but he caught on quickly in knowing at least the basics of the game over the years. And with his sympathetic streak, which had more than once bit him in the ass when it came to the Arrogants of the world who never appreciated any form of guidance, least of all from someone whose sole job was to smile and look pretty, the mother-hen in him couldn't help but be let out once he saw the man struggling and becoming more than a little intimidated by what this job entailed.
That night, Dean had fallen asleep to the sound of his Alpha’s voice, with the nights to come eventually following the same pattern.
“You sure you don’t want to stop by your place first? Maybe get some actual rest, I know you couldn’t calm down enough on the plane,” Jo says as they stand shoulder to shoulder, waiting by baggage claim, both looking out for their luggage and trying to not lose their place right at the front as the people around them try to push and prod their way to get to their own suitcases.
Dean can't help but scrunch his nose up at the thought of either of them becoming too busy to hardly see each other, “Anybody ever tell you you're really bad at this whole comforting thing?”
But that wasn't even the worst of it, oh no. What made the Omega question every decision he ever made that led to this moment right here, was the fact that attached to the outfit were pieces of material that was supposed to replicate two large fried eggs and to complete the entire thing, they had placed him in a head-piece that was shaped like one large, thick breakfast sausage, the damn thing even jiggled from side to side every time he moved his head with a goofy stretch of black elastic attached that sat just under his chin. The only remotely good thing about what he was wearing were probably the purple stockings and black leather work boots that finished the whole thing off, but even that was a tentative compliment.
Things kept changing between them it seemed like, too fast for Castiel to grasp until the next morph in their relationship came about. But there was a strange undercurrent in this
He paused for a moment when his hand made it to Cas’s chest, playing a while with and delighting in the smattering of dark chest hair he could feel there. It contrasted nicely with Dean’s own skin, which was bare of any real hair along with the other parts of his body since it was hard for him to even sport a five o’ clock shadow at times. It odd that whilst he preferred to keep his own skin clean shaven,
Dean looks back up at the Alpha, and notes the absolute sincerity in his voice and expression, before he realises that he's telling the truth, but something about what he said sounded a whole lot different than him having a simple school boy crush on him, which he could deal with considering how far they had gone already.
“Sorry, I-I don’t know what came over me,” Castiel tried to explain, a little embarrassed about the entire situation, though too exhausted to give any energy to really process the entire situation, not when his Alpha side had finally managed to rest, though he could still feel that deep ache of mourning in his chest (an ache that had eventually only eased some when Dean took to calling him every night)
“Dean, where exactly are we?” He heard Cas question as he leaned down so the singer could hear him over the louder noises coming from both the people and machines.
It didn't stop that
But suddenly he feels a sharp tug in his hair and when he looks up, he sees those crystal blue eyes blazing with fury,
Dean knew better than to think this was a purely social call on their part, there were always ulterior motives on the agenda as to when John randomly dragged him to these events, especially when Dean's schedule was so full. It was just the two of them there, three hours already having gone by with nothing of significance transpiring in the conversations during the times he bothered to tune back into, but Dean knew better.
Body pushing up off the couch, too fast and too soon for his sleep-addled brain but not caring as he flings himself at his Alpha, bodies clashing as Castiel takes him into his arms, literally being knocked off his feet as the sudden weight of his Omega tips him off balance sending them both to the carpeted floor.
The writer was concerned with knowing he’d probably never get enough of kissing this man beneath him, never grow tired of hearing his voice, feeling his touch, exploring his taste, being inside him, and just being with him.
“Yeah?” Dean questioned, knowing it sounded more like fishing than the further reassurance he was actually craving to hear.
he wanted.
Being too worked up to bother with more foreplay, on the next grind up of the Omega's hips, Castiel's own hips grind down, plunging himself with one hard thrust inside Dean's ass, making them both groan out loudly at the action, with Dean's hands balling the newspaper beneath him as he grapples for anything to hold onto as the Alpha starts to move sure and fast and hard inside him, hitting his prostate with every slide up and in of his hips.
Dean stands there, watching the Alpha as he slouches back on the seat as it rests on the floor, the blanket preventing the damp feel of the grass from seeping into the material of the chair,
“Wait, what?” Dean is so lost, sometimes he couldn't keep up with Cas's multi-tracked mind switching so abruptly from one topic to the next.
Please do not take offence, at the end of the day I myself know this is just a single fic in a sea of hundreds and thousands and you are welcome to read something else that you'd feel more comfortable with. I am just humbled that people have even chosen to click on my work and gave it a go.
Breathing out a long, deep sigh, Dean accepts the situation for what it is, no use getting worked up when the Alpha had clearly helped him out last night and he couldn't reward his kindness by sinking into a nervous and panicked mess. It's also then that Dean remembers that he had actually been looking forward to seeing Cas the entire week and he smiles a little when he stares at the familiar blue eyes that he finds watching him intently when the Omega hasn't given a response yet.
All in all, read fics for the pleasure of it and not to start debacles, take what we put out there with a grain of salt and as inspiration to perhaps start writing your own stories, it's exactly why I started writing myself.
Castiel muses, but he wasn't exactly one to talk about what was supposed to be considered the latest fashion trneds.
It was around this time that he started to realize this probably wasn't the best way to get some alone time with Dean, having to approach him when he was alone made Castiel nervous enough, having an audience watching his fumbling attempts while he tried to strike up a conversation would just make it worse.
and would be back soon, when he finally managed to calm down some.
“How do you know that? Maybe you’re wrong,” Dean didn’t know why he was pushing it like this, but a pit had formed in his stomach at Cas’s words, spoken so surely that it threatened to topple everything he had thought he already reconciled with.
In lieu of a response, Castiel steps aside, leaving the door open as he heads back into the darkness of his room, moving to the bedside table to switch the lamp light on. The light sheds a warm, golden glow on the space, making their current predicament seem all the more intimate than what was probably appropriate. Then again, Dean knocking at his door at this hour, coupled with Castiel's current state of undress what with him wearing only his boxer shorts and all, which he only notices once he sees Dean averting his eyes, looking anywhere but at the writer, ensured that their exchange would be anything but professional in Castiel's opinion.
