Clint withdrew a slender package from the inside pocket of his jacket and exclaimed, “Okay Peter! Where do you want it??”
With wide eyes, Pepper took one look at Cable’s robotic flesh and agreed, “Special indeed.”
“Yeah, once it gets out everyone’s going to want to know who asked out who, etc. and they’re especially going to want to know how long you’ve been gay, Cap.”
Natasha’s expression became solemn and she whispered, “I understand. I have the same relationship with my partner in SHIELD and everyone seems to think there’s something between us too.”
“I could have easily survived that fall,” Pepper retorted disapprovingly.
As soon as Steve stepped out of the car cameras flashed and Steve was surrounded by his friends. They protected him from the tide of people asking for a comment.
If he ever tries that again I swear I am locking him in his bedroom for the rest of his life.”
Tony’s response was to tuck his cold toes against Steve’s shins and Steve pulled his cold fiancé deeper into his obviously warmer embrace.
!” Steve pled, grabbing his other hand.
“What happened to Steve?”
Everyone had left and gone back to the Tower, except for Tony and Peter. As Steve practiced his walking Tony and Peter watched with hooded eyes, heavy from lack of sleep. Peter sat on Tony’s lap and watched curiously while Tony watched him with a frown.
The Tower went dark and Tony’s words died in his mouth.
The Soldier looked back to her and his gaze grew blank again. He nodded to her and turned to leave.
mission together,” Steve replied dryly but he clapped Tony’s hand all the same so he would put it down.
“The Captain’s identity is not trivial!” Coulson retorted, “His anonymity is all he has! Once it gets out Steve Rogers is still alive the world will clamor for answers and less reputable organizations will want to get a hold of him for the serum in his DNA! His identity is all that is keeping him marginally safe at the moment! Right now, the only pictures of him with Stark were made by amateurs with poor quality cameras but once the professional photos get out it’ll be all over!”
He pressed his face into Tony’s hair and held him close, feeling his warmth, proof that he was alive…that they were both alive…for now. Steve gasped, “
Steve tried to stay by Tony’s side but he kept getting involved in side conversations or being pulled away. One moment he’d be standing next to Tony, talking to some of the firefighters and, the next, he’d suddenly note Tony was on the other side of the room with hundreds of people between them.
Upon Clint's reaction, Bruce’s fingers dug into the couch and his eyes turned dangerously green.
Next chapter might take a little longer to get out as I am in the middle of transitioning jobs and I am working both until Friday! In the next chapter, Steve's location will be uncovered and the group will attempt a rescue...hopefully nothing will go awry. Hehehehehe >:D
It didn’t help that the first time he had ever traveled by ship was when he and Peter had jumped onto Thanos’ ship and then promptly lost his then teenaged son to the dusting.
Steve returned the pen to the cup and then looked questionably at the woman then to Tony. Tony looked to the women and raised his brows in question.
Tony continued to grin cheekily until Steve finally kissed him. Instead of continuing to tease him, Tony’s demeanor completely changed and he moaned sinfully into Steve’s lips.
Howard stated very slowly, “You read this in the future…I mentioned the base…?”
Tony rolled his eyes and started to slip from Steve’s embrace and said, “I know a place.”
Steve had to excuse himself once Fury was done with the debriefing and Tony was quick to follow him. Losing Coulson hurt Tony and Tony barely knew the man. Steve had worked with and befriended Coulson. He shouldn't be alone.
“Yous belong together.
Steve looked at Peter curiously upon his question but, then his gaze turned inward, and he pondered Peter’s question for a moment.
She turned around and ran straight to the cold room and slammed the door closed. It could only lock from the outside so the barrier was near useless but it was a barrier all the same. There was a handle so she held onto it and hissed to Steve, “We’ve got to keep this closed as long as possible.”
Until he couldn’t…
May’s eyes flowed over all of them, checking to make sure everyone was settled and eating before she partook of her own meal. As she poured herself some orange juice, she bluntly asked, “What happened?”
Uncle Bucky grabbed his shoulders and his fingers bit into Peter’s flesh. His uncle knelt to his level and hissed, “Don’ ya dare do anythin’ like that again! Ya hear me??”
, on my tumblr! :)
Bucky’s blue eyes turned a few shades darker and he whispered, “…A memory.”
Tony stilled but his mind raced with this new information about Steve. Suddenly, Tony’s sexual fantasies were no longer fantasies but possibilities. Tony, a self-proclaimed bisexual man, was sitting astride his gay best friend and they both had boners for each other. All his fears washed away and he smiled confidently at Steve. He no longer felt scared about destroying their friendship, in fact, he had some spectacular ideas on how to vastly improve it.
“So no one else knows…?”
Steve's suit opened up similarly to Tony’s but, with it no longer holding him up, he fell out unable to stand anymore. The heat had drained him more than he realized. Tony cursed and surged forward, catching Steve just as he hit his knees.
Steve laughed and gasped, “Mine too!”
“Before we begin…Do you just want to decide now what we do so we don’t surprise each other? Maybe lay down some ground rules?” Tony suggested.
He just…needed to be strong. He needed a chance to breathe and collect his thoughts and then, and only then, would he be able to face this without worrying his friends or the other soldiers.
Steve remained quiet throughout the tour as he contemplated the feeling he just felt when Tony looked at him. It was an all too familiar feeling. It reminded him of Bucky’s cocky grin…It reminded him of something he had not felt in many years but it was impossible...
Wade pressed his forehead to Peter’s and murmured, “I know.”
workstation, and Dummy! And U and Butterfingers! And –!”
Steve leaned back on the couch and Tony carefully sat down beside him, cradling Peter like he was the most precious item in the entire universe. He leaned into Steve’s side and they both stared down at the precious boy in Tony’s arms.
“You definitely got to see the Iron Man suit,” Peter whispered to his best friend. “But you also have to see
That superiority he always prized was slipping out of his fingers. Suddenly, Hydra’s success was not that important…but destroying the Captain and every shred of his humanity was...
He would’ve gladly spent the rest of his life with Tony too…
“What about Natasha? Why did you attack her?”
He was talking about the bomber jacket Steve was always wearing when Bucky finally pointed to the picture of himself and clarified, “That is me?”
Tony was about to pick up his hand to show off the time strap he’d invented but stopped himself. He explained, “I can’t reveal all of the future now can I?”
“Y-Yeah,” Gabe said. “I’ll grab my bag and some other supplies…”
He was wearing black tactical gear and had muck on his legs like he’d been running through the sewers. Peter eyed the black gear, knowing it was Venom. The Avengers had been keeping a close eye on Brock and, when the SHIELD doctors failed to separate them, he’d been sent to the super-human prison facility, the Vault, and kept him locked up until Eddie gained control over the symbiote. He’d been out since October and under FBI monitoring and supposedly helping them with their investigations…
“Come to my lab,” Bruce whispered. Steve nodded and carefully slipped out of Tony’s arms, making sure not to wake him. He paused to pull a blanket off the back off the couch and draped it over him. Steve lightly kissed his forehead before following Bruce out.
Steve nodded and excitedly got to his feet. Cable held up his hand to stop him and Steve paused in confusion. Cable reached into one of the satchels on his waist and pulled out the card he’d used the other day to pay for the food. He held it out to Steve and said, “To eat and to buy some clothes for yourself. I have a change for myself here, but you don’t and you’re starting to stink.”
…Steve wasn’t in that plane for a few days.
“B-Brooklyn,” Steve replied, flinching a little as he shined the light in his other eye. “Brooklyn, New York…My head feels fine, Dr. Pavlov.”
“But what about all of his things?” Aunt May asked.
Steve frowned but did not correct him and May’s brows pinched together. Wade put his hand on top of Peter’s thigh and lightly squeezed it. Peter tipped his head toward Wade and spared him a small, thankful smile.
drinking again.
They hurried to the elevator and Steve chortled as Tony tugged on his arm. They entered the lift at a run and crashed into the wall and each other. They erupted into a laughing mess as Jarvis wordlessly moved the elevator for them.
Steve and Tony were escorted to one of the vans and sat in what must’ve been a space they usually kept prisoners because the walls were bare, and you could only sit.
“Surveillance mostly,” Cable stated and turned on a few monitors above his head. “We need to find the Goblin and then see what changes he’s going to make and then fix them. I’ve got a few people I can contact to help keep us informed. In the meantime, however, I’m going to start repairing the reactor.”
Steve sighed heavily again and looked back to Tony somewhat wistfully.
“Really? Your dad didn’t give you a flying car for your 16
He took it over to the couch and sat down, placing the album on his lap. He slowly opened it. The first picture was of his parents laughing and wearing green, foam crowns with the statue of liberty in the background. Peter sighed and turned the page. There were more photos of his parents. Some were just of them, some were taken with people he did not know, some were with his Aunt May or Uncle Ben. He kept turning the pages until he came across the photo he was looking for. With every page, his guilt grew. He could not believe he was doing this.
…He loved me as soon as he looked at me. It was so –
Steve too was on edge and had been in full Captain America mode since yesterday. Steve’s hands on his shoulders were comforting to Tony but he knew they were a comfort to Steve too. They naturally relaxed in each other’s presences. Tony leaned back into his husband and cupped his hand over one of Steve’s tense grip.
“Ask Peter,” Steve replied, tilting his son toward Bruce.
He shifted in his bed, wanting to doze a little longer. The fact that he could hear birds and that he was laying on the same pillow he used since a kid told him he was at his Aunt May’s. Soon, he’d hear her moving in the kitchen and preparing breakfast for the both of them.
Peter fell back onto this bed, trying to be as silent as possible as he pulled and struggled with the symbiote. He didn’t want to alert May to his presence because she may come upstairs to investigate and get herself skewered like Steve had.
“Stop before you hurt yourself!” Steve chuckled. He picked up Peter and sat up with him on his lap.
“You’re lucky. The judge isn’t looking to showboat and drag this out,” Marcel commented dryly as he collected his papers.
“The rest of the conversation contains sensitive information that could alter the future if heard by the persons present,” the AI warned.
Clint stepped beside him as Tony disappeared around the corner and Steve gasped, “Please, tell me he’s going to be alright.”
They bantered the rest of breakfast until Tony slipped away to start on his “funtime.” Steve cleaned the dishes in the sink, ignoring the dishwasher, and then noted there was some grease on the stove so he took the grills off the burners and started to clean them too.
Steve smiled sweetly at his fiancé and whispered, “He also fell into my life like you did… it seems like fate.”
Steve nodded but then winced as he remembered Howard. He replied, “You can, but we have our top scientist there right now and…he may want to look you over too.”
“I just wanted to see her,” Peter murmured, refusing to look up.
Tony picked up his fork with renewed vigor and asked, "Really? Already? Are you going to be kissing babies too?"
Peter got to his feet. He could not be there, not with Gwen’s name still lingering in the air and his guilt from her death flooding through his system. He went through enough trauma today by agreeing to see his birthfather again. A father who had just miraculously appeared out of nowhere and totally skewed Peter’s life, a father who was now staring at him in horror.
Steve picked up the phone and answered, “Hello, Steve Rogers speaking.”
Sophie paled and did not get up as Peter, Tony, and Steve did. With a louder voice, Tony thanked Sophie for having them and then grabbed both Peter and Steve by the arms and dragged them over to the audience members who stayed behind. Tony and Steve signed autographs and even Peter signed a few items until the last of the audience melted away.
He lightly grasped Steve’s hand and their linked hands rested on Peter as they all fell asleep together.
Also I have not decided on how I am going to end Part 3 yet... Is Steve going to end up with Tony or Bucky? Let me know what you think in the comments! :D
Steve felt his heart leap into his throat as the timer changed to under fifteen minutes right before his eyes.
“He has work to do far away,” Steve whispered to his son. He closed his sketchbook and gently reached out to touch the side of Peter’s face. His cheek was round and soft beneath his fingers.
Thanks for reading! Till next time! :)
“Don’t move, Tony,” Bruce hissed to his friend. “Tell me where you are injured. I’ve got to stop the bleeding.”
That next hour passed by in a quick daze as Steve’s shock by the entire situation numbed him to everything. Before he knew it, he was being led out of the building and into a waiting car. It was only when he saw the Tower getting closer did he realize he was going home. He sagged deeply into the seat and whispered, “Finally…”
Hours passed since he last saw Tony, but, when he met up with Bucky at the mess hall for lunch, he finally saw the man.
“Telling Peter the truth may have been hard, but you were rewarded with a lasting relationship in the end,” she rationalized.
The elevator doors opened and Tony scurried inside like the mouse he was. He turned to Steve, praying he’d stop the elevator, stop Tony, stop what was happening, but Steve merely stared at him. His expression was open and Tony could read the confusion and pain as plainly as a book.
Steve dragged his hand down Tony’s abs then grabbed onto the front of his jeans right where it was fastened together then paused. Steve let his guilt distract him for only a few seconds before returning his attention to the man he was so madly in love with. He let all his inhibitions go and let his mind grow hazy with lust. Steve was being selfish but he desperately wanted to make love to Tony one last time…
Carter!” Howard gasped. They’d called each other every once in a while, but he hadn’t seen her in years. Howard stood and exclaimed, “Look at you! You’ve barely aged! If I wasn’t married…”
“Then where the heck are we going to go?”
The baseball game was still playing and he glanced at the radio, an older one from his era. In fact, everything around him looked like it was from his era…
Steve was pretending it never happened.
sorry.”
! (eventually=either tonight or tomorrow) :]
He threw clothes into a duffel from his closet, not really paying attention to what he got and hurried out of his bedroom.
Tony monitored the rumor. It hit the internet first. Starting in unknown blogs and eventually spreading to reputable news sources. The gossip rags speculated it for a few weeks until an undisclosed SHIELD source stepped forward and confirmed that there was a toddler living in Avenger’s Tower who was related to one of the team members.
He was more than ready to start his happily ever after with Tony.
“No need to explain, I think I heard enough to get the gist of what’s happening,” Sam chuckled. He held up the articles in his arms and said, “You ready to start or do you want me to leave you guys alone for another ten minutes?”
“I…I didn’t think it was this serious,” Tony murmured, his voice no longer as jovial as he was reminded of the state of his chest. Tony turned his head to the side and listened to Steve’s faint heartbeat. Tony’s heart twisted as he remembered waking up to that same sound and feeling so happy…how could that already feel like it occurred centuries ago?
“You think I could program this wit?” Iron Man laughed.
Tony looked down at his chest and repeated, “Veins? What veins? You mean my scars?”
He began doing just that, stubbornly walking up the rubble to where they were all going to meetup and assess what to do next. They got out the last of the survivors so all that was left was cleanup, statements to SHIELD, and giving the press a summary of what happened.
, including Tony.
“I would never wish such an existence on you, my love,” she whispered. “But you are the only enigma of this plane…your love is mortal and will die.”
“We got information that he was hiding in Switzerland,” Steve confirmed, turning slightly on the cot to face him.
Tony just shrugged in answer to Natasha’s question and the woman’s eyes narrowed.
The man was covered head to toe in the white extinguisher foam and, with his beard and long hair, looked like a ghostly hippie.
He hung up the phone and, bursting with pride, he saluted the Captain. In the next couple of hours, he will be in the heart of the arctic and at Cap’s tomb.
But the foundation was still there and their team had grown closer in all of the change and tragedy. Steve had no doubt the Avengers would continue.
Just the memories they shared in their dreams.
Ben came as soon as he heard what happened to Tony.
“That means nothing in public,” Steve reminded him.
! Hulk stop! He’s my soulmate! Please, stop!”
“My dad and I were just talking about the possibility of us coming out to the media,” Peter stated. The blood drained out of Wade’s face and Peter quickly added, “We were just discussing the possibility! I wanted his opinion in the matter! He’s like a master when it comes to knowing the ins and outs of the news media.”
In his back vectors, he could see them turning and following. Usually, they'd be too slow to follow but they sadly probably knew exactly where he was going. He sighed to himself as he thought of his son. Peter wasn’t made for the lifestyle Tony lived but now he was going to be unwillingly thrust into it…
“I know you like to keep your secrets but this is a huge one, Natasha!” Tony hissed, “We are a team! We’re supposed to trust each other!”
Tony looked up from his hologram and replied with a grin, “It’s no problem, Cap.”
“I was just trying to help my friend,” Stark hissed.
“The top forms just need your approval,” she stated. “They are statements that will be made in your name. To sum it up, you will be telling the media that you are Tony’s son, you love him very much, you are happy you were able to reunite, and you wish the media to respect your and your family’s privacy during this time.”
Steve didn't want to give up hope but it was dwindling away. How was Tony going to escape a terrorist camp in the middle of a desert where no one who could help him knew where to look?
He kept his eyes closed for the longest time. If this was a dream, he did not want it to end.
Steve’s flush could not get any redder but his heart rate picked up enormously. Tony’s hand drew up the rest of Steve’s arm, across his collarbone, over his neck, and then settled on his jaw. Under Tony’s fingertips, the vein in Steve’s neck pulsated rapidly. His skin shivered in the trail of sensation left behind Tony’s touch.
Only once Tony closed the door behind them, did Peter launch himself at his father and give him a big hug. In the embrace, he murmured, “Congratulations, Dad.”
She grasped his hand, letting him pull her out and kept holding onto him as she replied, “You’re the one who has to keep up with me.”
His target looked from Iron Man and then back to the Soldier. Her light green eyes focused on him and he felt the sudden urge to wrap his hands around her throat again.
Steve ignored his husband for the more pressing matter of saving their son. He tore away at the spot he assumed was Peter’s head. He was praying with all his soul that he could save him and praying that he would not be too late.
A team of armed men rushed into the room.
“Okay, I’m going to let you out and who do we not hurt?”
Peggy politely cleared her throat and murmured, “Stand like that any longer and you might draw a few stares…”
“He didn’t hit his head, Buck…” Steve sighed and continued his fanning. Of all of the reactions he imagined from the man, he never expected Howard to faint like one of those petite dames in the movies.
His question was answered as they entered the kitchen and found it completely destroyed. The refrigerator, thrice the size of a normal one, had been ripped out of the wall and lay in the middle of the kitchen with a dagger sticking out of its side. The microwave was half imbedded in the wall. Nearly all the cabinet doors were broken, either caved in or totally torn off. The oven was the only thing that was still whole, probably because the assassins still had enough semblance not to mess with the lone appliance with flammable gas.
“That is absolutely impossible,” Peter stated. “I know for a
“Tonyyyy,” Steve groaned.
Steve stopped laughing and smiled warmly at Tony as he remembered their kiss. He whispered, “Yes, we did.”
Steve felt like the world was tilting on its axis and every thing was falling around him but, somehow, Steve remained standing. Loki could have taken his son anywhere not just on Earth but in the entire universe. Blind panic instantly surged through him. Where would he begin looking?? Would Thor know what his brother had gone? Was Thor in on it too??
Shaking his head, Barnes replied, “I can’t let you go in. We are more at risk inside than fighting outside. If you are captured, then Schmidt would –.”
“Pepper,” Steve gasped. “Where is Tony?”
Bruce spent more time with SHIELD than the Tower in the coming weeks. He quickly became a valuable resource to SHIELD with his knowledge on the subject. Tony popped in from time to time to check in on his friend and check out the glorious form of the super soldier.
So, with the next posting, may be the last with a really long chapter or it might be extend it to 15 chapters!
“Yes, you are my mission. You are one of the best recruits the Academy has seen in years. My master was asked to provide my experience in order to make you even greater,” he stated almost as if he was reciting what his master had said to the word.
“Then why don’t you use one?” Bucky asked and the imposter frowned and said nothing. Tony and Sam pointed their weapons at the imposter. Steve sighed feeling a sense of relief and lowered his arms slightly.
The train rarely stopped and, the few times it did, the trains were inspected. Steve, however, easily avoided the inspectors at each stop.
Hydra had contacted him, needing labs and scientists to conduct their experiments. Norman had worked with them before so saw no problem with their experiments involving the remains of Captain America. In fact, Norman was fascinated by it. Every single biological engineer and scientist in the modern world wondered at the mystery of the Super Soldier serum and many had tried and failed to replicate it.
Peter sighed heavily and waited a few seconds before asking, “Do you think they’re with her yet?”
The clock on his phone ticked away the last few seconds of August ninth and, in those few remaining seconds, Wade gasped hopefully, “Peter?”
“And I have over two thousand souls following my direction!” Colonel Philips spat, “I will not endanger my men on your fancy. It will be a month and I will not hear another word about it from you, is that understood, Stark?”
“I actually already called Bruce to run and hide. He’s AWOL until this whole mess is settled,” Natasha stated. Tony frowned and Natasha reasoned, “Do you really want to go on the run with the Hulk? How do you think he’ll react in tense situations? We are all safer without him and Bruce agrees.”
Steve felt like Bruce just dropped an anvil on his chest. He gasped, "...Wha-?"
“…Nat,” Clint called to her. He had waited with Thor to see Steve’s fate but now they knew he was alive right now so they had to get back to business. “This guy isn’t a foot soldier. He’s wearing top of the line gear and his left arm is freaking robotic.
Thor had been getting lunch at a deli when the tower was attacked but was flying back now and would be with them in minutes. Natasha and Bucky were already outside fighting and Clint was joining them, having successfully delivered Peter to the safe room. Steve called Peter last once he knew everyone was doing what they were supposed to do.
He did not tell them about his sexual orientation or the fact that he and Tony were in a relationship but that went hand-in-hand. He was still not ready to deal with the press over that factor in his life, though he made sure in his statement that he did not, not say he was gay. One day he would come out but that day was not it.
“So future robot, how do you know my first name? Am I famous? Or do you personally know me in the future? Or…” Howard’s eyes trailed down to Tony's concealed arc reactor and he continued, “Did I create you?”
“He’s not slowing down,” Thor observed and swung his hammer but, before he could leap, the Hulk caught Tony and crashed to the ground.
“There is so much more to art, like animation, and 3d imaging, and…I want to learn it all. I think I want to go back to art school.”
Peter moaned with frustration and Steve met Tony’s gaze with the familiar look of an aspirated parent.
Tony grinned his award winning smile that made the butterflies flutter in Steve’s stomach. Tony asked, “So tonight? After Peter goes to bed?”
“Nat—.”
Wade’s fingers continued to run through Peter’s hair and Peter let out a content sigh.
One more chapter to go! Tony and Steve seem to be happy but what about Bucky? Will Natasha forgive them? Or will the happy ending only be for one couple?
“Captain Steven G. Rogers,” she admonished. “I thought the word ‘can’t’ was not a part of your vocabulary.”
They made love slowly like they usually did when one or both were half awake. Tony came first and he watched Steve as he fell apart next. Steve collapsed on top of him and then rolled off with a breathless chuckle.
Tony clenched his fists when he saw Steve’s shoulders slump further. He couldn’t hide the pain from his gaze as their eyes met. He didn’t want this and didn’t want Steve to leave…
He could trust Wade. The man already knew his deepest secret, that he was Spider-Man. And he knew without a doubt the man would treat him the same. He may squeal a little about him being the son of his “number two OTP” but, that’s just be Wade acting like his usual goofy self. That would be Wade just treating him like plain-old-Peter, not the Stark son.
“Steve, you’re going to have to jump in. He looks like he’s going to start hurting people!” Natasha hissed.
“I didn’t think that,” Steve murmured gently. He wrapped his arms around Tony and whispered, “I know it would hurt but Peter would have saved you…”
“Harry, was it really her?” Peter asked, his expression awash with blank shock.
Pepper quirked her eyebrow and smirked knowingly at him.
He went to the laundry mat and saw Bucky’s retreating around the corner of the block. Steve surged ahead, his muscles burned as he pushed himself beyond the usual limit. He quickly closed the distance. He rounded the same corner and saw Bucky run down an alley.
“Yeah, I saw your orders to your men stateside. We need to get a handle on these super humans. Thor and his merry men are gone but the Captain is ours and we need to keep it that way. I don’t want anyone else getting their hands on him,” Fury commanded.
He smiled and whispered sweetly in reply, “
All the local street kids knew breaking into his place meant a bucket load of pain so who was the idiot doing it? Wade picked up his bucket of knives and went to find the intruder.
“He was an incredible man,” Bruce gasped, trying to comfort Steve. His own voice was wet and harsh as he held back tears of his own.
He’d been gushing to Wade about the shield for the last few days and his boyfriend wrapped an arm around him and stated, “Let me guess, something awesome happened?”
“Uh huh,” Bucky replied, glaring at him.
Wade kissed his lover’s chin and then nodded his consent.
It had survived by feeding off the father.
Peter stupidly wondered why his Spidey-Sense did not go off as his mind dizzily spun and his hold on the symbiote slipped. Venom hovered over him and hissed, “Separation means death and death will be the only thing to part us.”
“You put in the chip and I will preoccupy him,” Steve hissed. He charged forward with a determined expression on his face and Tony’s heart went out to him. He couldn’t imagine what was going through Steve’s head right now. What if this was really his long-lost friend?
“Yes, please,” Steve gasped and Tony threw Steve’s shirt aside before falling on him with a hungry growl that made Steve laugh.
Natasha didn't know what to expect when she lowered her weapon and decided not to shoot her soulmate…
It had to be Tony!
Science was the only avenue they had and Wade couldn’t help in that.
“Yessssssss,” Tony droned staring at his hand in Steve’s grasp. All the good humor had escaped Tony and it seemed as if he was struggling to function.
Strangely, Bucky wasn’t the only one unaffected by the Zola talk.
“More like Bucky is
“I’m so disheartened to hear that,” Coulson replied, his voice dripping with his dry sarcasm. “And I’m sure Fury likes it that way which explains why your request keeps getting denied.”
Jarvis was rattling off the data SHIELD had provided him about Thor but Tony was only half listening. The majority of his attention was focused on the swing of the giant’s hammer.
He could not see Stark’s expression beyond the flat plate of Iron Man’s mask but Norman laughed either way as he imagined his despair.
“I can’t do that with Natasha,” Bucky murmured miserably.
,” he gasped. “Jarvis, what is it?”
“The render is complete,” Jarvis stated. A golden version of his suit slowly spun on the screen, giving him a full 360 of he new design. Tony returned his attention back to the computer screen and felt his spirits lift when he saw the finished rendering.
Steve schooled his face back into a stern expression and said to Peter, “Promise me you will never
Steve scanned the graveyard and his eyes fell on the caretaker’s hut.
Bruce cleared his throat from across the room, reminding them that he was there.
“I’ll use my suit,” Tony explained hoarsely to Steve once they were alone. “I’ll get you out of the plane before it crashes and then we’ll grab the tesseract and go back to the future together.”
Tony’s lips trembled and Steve grasped his hand tightly. He vehemently stated, “
Next time, Chapter 9: The Trial (if the title doesn't give it away... we finally dive into the trial)
Tony’s leg was twitching nervously as he peered out of the window at the wondrous view of Venus as the ship orbited it.
he silently thought to his wayward friend.
(See the end of the chapter for
Panzer snorted like Tony said something funny and murmured, “Get out of here, kid.”
When the entire team came into his lab, he stopped talking to Barnes and working on his suit. The intrusion was sudden and without warning. Why had they all come together? None of them looked stressed so he figured nothing was wrong and he looked at them questionably.
They walked in silence the rest of the way as Tony led them behind the compound and into the forest. Tony paused just inside the forest’s edge to loosen his shirt and let some light from his arc reactor spill out. He turned to Steve with a smile and held out his hand. An excited thrill ran through Steve as he slid his hand into Tony's. They went back to walking, this time hand-in-hand, and Steve was so happy he could not stop smiling even if he tried.
Still raw from his nightmare, Steve broke down and sobbed into his shoulder. Tony tucked Steve’s head into the crook of his neck and lightly pet his head with soothing whispers. Steve nuzzled his face into Tony’s flesh and kept whispering, “I’m sorry –
“Somehow, ‘fruit’ evolves into ‘gay’ in the future, if that ain’t funny, then call me Mucky,” Bucky retorted, strolling over to the door with the same swagger Tony’s father had joked about in his stories. When he reached the door, he waved over his shoulder, and said, “See ya at breakfast, gay boys!”
Tony was about to close his eyes but his nose twitched as he caught the scent of coffee in the air.
“Love you too, Pops. Kick some butt!”
Again, it was felt throughout the world but most passed it off as a random shiver or mild irritant. Goosebumps rose all over Steve’s skin and he looked uneasily over his shoulder. His gut was telling him something had happened but all his eyes showed him nothing was amiss in the camp.
Tony closed all of the holograms with an angry swing and then knocked over the tools on the table beside him and then stomped over to the closest suit and knocked it over too. He fell down with a sharp curse and then collapsed against his worktable as tears began to flow from his eyes. He looked up and wetly gasped, “
“Baby boy, you are speaking my language,” Wade whispered, pushing Peter toward his couch.
The Winter Soldier was waiting for them. He was blocking the way to the mainframe.
“I…I didn’t go in the water, r-remember?” Tony replied.
“YES!” The stranger exclaimed, “Sexy Stark and Sexy Cap are just as smart as the older ones from my era! But, geez, your hotness is distracting me! I didn’t come all the way here to oogle you! The future needs your help! Your son is in danger!”
“History tells us, Captain Rogers died for his country in the line of duty in 1945, a few months before the end of the war. But I am here to tell you differently.” Tony paused as a murmur rumbled through the room. He cleared his throat and silence fell. He continued, “On Independence Day of this year, I met the man himself.”
He dragged open the drawer and gently grasped the pill bottle. He held it tightly to his chest, afraid to take it.
Steve had been played for a fool and he happily fell for it…
They were more dangerous thoughts about the Academy. Such notions had never come to mind before she met this man…or, maybe her eyes were not open
and wanted to be
“Oh, I'm sooo sorry, babe,” Tony winced. He pulled himself off the rest of Steve more gently and murmured, “Are you okay?”
Steve continued, “We love each other very much and I know you’re with the government and I know you were looking for me…but I’m home.” Steve rubbed Tony’s shoulder and smiled down at him, making Tony’s heart flip heavily in his chest.
Tony emotions tangled helplessly as Tony struggled to react to this new side of Steve.
Steve jolted to a stop and looked to Mary. He hissed, “What?”
“Sheep?” Steve asked, stifling a chuckle at Tony’s attempt at not cursing.
He didn’t want to hurt Bucky but his old friend was trying his hardest to kill them. Additionally, Tony was stubbornly ignoring his wounds and bleeding out.
. Five years ago, he wouldn’t even have dreamed of that possibility.
“How did you two not say anything all these years?? Did anyone else know??”
For the first time since all of this started, Peter smiled to himself.
With Tony’s hands linked behind Steve’s neck, the older man asked, “So, it has been three days, have I sufficiently wooed you, yet? Are we going to go through with this?”
“No,” Bucky bit out the word like it was something corrupt. He repeated to Natasha, “No, I knew you before.”
go wrong, and a backup of the backup of the things that have the faintest possibility of going wrong.”
started to play over the speakers. Peter picked up his head with a furrowed brow and loud sniffles. Tony gently swayed the boy the song’s beat and gently crooned the song to Peter. Peter quietened down and lay his head against Tony’s chest.
Rogers snorted and said, “Tony usually does the opposite of what SHIELD tells him to do.” He suddenly grinned widely and said, “Nick Fury told him not to flirt with me and he turned around and did just that. Both Tony and the Director thought I would die from mortification but I surprised them both when I flirted back.”
Wade sighed heavily, hating that the voices were right.
Venom was pushed back again and the green beast growled, “
to make him feel better.
He scrambled to get away but he was not fast enough.
“When we get to the past it’ll stop fading until Tony’s future is altered by the Goblin. When the Goblin steals the reactor, it’ll start to fade again. We’ll use it to determine if we fixed the future or to see if any of our actions alter the future.”
Steve grasped Bucky’s metal arm again and whispered, “What happened?”
Tony paused to groan appreciatingly as he took comfort from the soft mattress and Steve’s weight. Steve took the moment to purely appreciate the man beneath him: the way his thick eyelashes curled, the natural red of his lips, the cuts and curves of his body and how they were all angled toward Steve and Steve alone.
Maria’s lip wobbled and she wrapped another arm around Tony.
“No, well…I don’t know,” Peter groaned. “…Wade seems to think they’ll paint him as this crazy person.”
“You know as well as I do there’s not enough time,” Steve retorted ironically.
Eddie turned to look at Peter like he was an animal that just escaped its exhibit.
“Jarvis,” Tony answered icily. “Because apparently my best friend and my husband are in cahoots when trying to freaking break my heart.”
“You’re too goddamn good for me,” Tony groaned when his vomiting ceased.
Tony's fingers strayed to his aching chest and found it aching for a whole new reason.
Marcel sighed heavily and turned toward both of them as he slid his bag onto his shoulder. He explained, “I know and I am sorry for not noticing it sooner. I have been kicking myself since we discovered it. Last night, I had one of my boys looking into the dress, to see if there was some twisted symbolism Tyler could have used. I thought the blue rose might have stood for something that could have backed up her insanity…yet, in the end it made us realize she could not possibly have worn the dress in the Tower.”
Tony stretched his body across Steve’s and began to kiss the side of his neck.
Thor’s grin widened and he replied, “Strengthen your stance and know that fear you will feel is merely an uncontrollable reaction to Mjölnir’s immortal power.”
But then a certain catch of light, a sound carried in the thick air. The shadow of a man, hands in pockets, cloaked in sun and head tilted at the sky. He turns, and smiles.
Steve shakes his head. “You can’t kill Gus,” he insists “you can’t, he’s the only one who knows where—”
Tony laughs. “I like gifts,” he says.
“You like him,” Tony realises.
"When you fell from the sky."
He’s not surprised when Steve turns up, bag on his shoulder, clearly planning on getting the next chopper out. “You shouldn’t be in here,” Steve tells him, without much bite. He starts packing his clothes, rolling them tight, pushing them to the bottom of his bag. The military method.
“Fury sent it through, after. I didn’t even think why, but maybe he was trying to – I don’t know, it just landed on my desk. But why would he do that if he didn’t want me to read it?”
Cold. He realises it’s cold, and that there’s snow in his hair, stuck in his shoes. He’s shivering, pushing through the line. He thinks this is the right place. The first one thought
“Hold on, slow down. Explain.”
"Sure," Steve says easily, pushing the button to the top floor "but not today. You're concussed, you know."
“It was pretty fun, yeah.”
“It’s a new hobby.”
“I’m sorry.”
"Clever boy." Steve's fingers tangle in the short hair at the nape of Tony's neck. He doesn't know why, but being called clever is the praise Tony loves the most. It makes him flush, makes him try to hide his smile. Steve can only imagine there was a time when people found it funny to call him stupid, instead.
“How did you get here?” Steve presses. “For the love of God, don’t tell me you drove.”
"By beating you?" Steve says, softly "I don't want that."
Tony feels vacant. “My fault.”
you’re mine. I need everyone to know. So they think, that Rogers, he’s got the sweetest bitch around. What kind of alpha he must be. And so they think, shit, I can’t touch him. Not ever. Not when he’s got the Captain at his back.”
“It was a long time ago. I heard about it, through certain circles. Never with anything but – immense sympathy, I should add.”
“I hope so, one day.”
The question throws him. “Huh?”
“Do you?”
"Okay." Tony says, evenly.
“Might as well have, for the all damage you did. I’m not saying he didn’t deserve it, just that one day – what if you get it wrong? And what if you act too quickly, your head gets filled with all that… fight? What would happen then, Steve?”
“Always.” He smacks away Steve’s hand.
“To survive?”
“We just saved the city. I still stink of fight. We’re not gonna get court-martialled for – for –”
He’s lying awake in bed, straining to hear the voices. Yeah, he hears them. He recognises Natasha straight away, and the thought of having to talk to her doesn’t panic him. There is another voice there, though. Lower, but somehow stranger, mumbled. Wanda? No, surely not. He hears Sarah tell them that he’s still asleep, that maybe they should have called ahead, but she’s sure Tony won’t mind. He hears her say that he’s feeling much better, that most days now you wouldn’t think there was anything wrong at all, and Natasha should relay the message to Steve and Tony’s friends.
After, he feels like he was hit by a truck. He wakes up alone, bandages fresh, in clean sleep-clothes. There’s a tall glass of water and an aspirin by his bed. He frowns, groans – he’s told, it’s the 26
“Why did you call?”
“Fine, okay, you weren’t there to convince him yourself. But there would have been a deal, right? You would have – slept with him, and in return…”
Steve used to be so jealous of Tony’s work, the way it commanded so much of Tony’s attention. If he could have kept him in that bed all the time, he would have. Cossetted him from the world, kept him safe. He didn’t want this to happen, please, please, please, this is never what he wanted.
“Don’t be silly, Steve. You're our guest." Her smile is so kind. What did Steve do to deserve that smile?
Someone throws something. A rock. It hits him on the temple. It doesn’t hurt, but he’s bleeding. “It’s your fault!” A woman scream “It’s all of you! You were meant to help us! You were meant to save us!”
some gore toward the end so beware!! it's not much but just in case.
So this time, he answers.
Don’t listen, the second voice responds. Tony – she loved us. You know that, I don’t have to explain it, do I? But too much too soon, and Pepper is only human. Give her time: she will call, one day.
Steve, who is dead.
In lucid moments, Tony tries to think how exactly he got this bad. He tries to piece together his life. He thinks about his mom and dad, he thinks about Steve. He thinks about how not so long ago he was happy and full of hope.
He is worse than mad, then. He is also a fool. Nebula hooks her hands under his arms and drags him. The stones cut him, make him bleed, but he just mutters to himself, delirious, unhearing.
His voice is strained. “Worse than space whales, you know? Stare into the void too long…”
Tony thinks. He takes Steve’s hand, turns it over so it’s palm-up, keeps drawing the figure of eight there. “Image is everything,” he says, frowning.
“I don’t know. Somehow.”
They’re here, flesh and bone, and the others are dust on the wind.
you.” Nebula fails to see how; the human is old, and weak. His mind is splintered. Nebula has faced worse and not broken like
“Can I sit here?” Wanda asks quietly. “I’m sorry, I don’t want to disturb.”
Tony sighs. “You’re going to tell me anyway.” It’s a common theme.
There’s a gash in his side; Steve suspects it’s punctured a lung.
Tony lets his head fall back, lets him snuffle along his throat. “That’s it,” he murmurs, eyes half-lidded. “Steady, Steve. I’m – I’m – “ he fists his hand in Steve’s hair just to feel him, “I’m here for you, darling. All for you.”
Tony stares at him, pointedly. “And?” He prompts.
“Maybe one day,” he says quietly, shifting so his leg is wrapped around Tony’s, water lapping gently at their chests.
“Yes, I’m done, I’m fucking
The world watches him.
Tony feels small, now. Smaller than he did with the hair. He regrets it. He wishes he hadn’t done it. He doesn’t even know what made him think it was such a good idea in the first place.
He soothes him, under the shade of the tree. Tony’s head rests in his lap; he strokes back his hair. He hums. The air smells sweet, there’s hope. Today they rest, tomorrow they fight.
He’s lying, the first voice hisses, you heard them talk, you know they hate you. They mock you, they’re whispering about you behind your back, you’re their burden, their penance, make their lives easier, make your life easier, end it, end it, end it, kill yourself, do it now –
“Punished him,” he says again. His voice echoes.
Tony smiles again, this time it’s real, and it meets his eyes, and he looks — for just a moment — happy. “Do you like the music?”
Tony teases, cruelly.
“Oh sweetie,” Tony yawns, rolling onto his side, tucking the comforter beneath his chin, “you should have taken a driver. It’s what we pay them for, you know.”
Tony turns to her. “The kid. You know, he – they threw a moon at us.”
“Any particular reason?”
“It means you need to take your medication and stop watching the discovery channel at night.”
“Good,” Steve agrees, and he rubs a hand across his eye. “Asshole,” he mutters, head bowed, shoving his hands in his pockets, shoulders hunched.
Tony pulls at his tie, watches the screen that shows him the elevator rising to the penthouse. He has a migraine building at the back of his head, although he can’t tell if it’s from the talk with Fury, the thought of having to wrangle Steve – a person he somewhat respects and, dare he say,
Steve rolls back his shoulders, feels his chest swell. “Well alright then,” he nods, moving forwards. Tony is still watching him, suspicious. “What?” He laughs.
Well, then the humiliation of being turned down will be the least of his problems.
“Not a single other person,” Steve swears, “just him and me and an alley. And a lit cigarette.”
“Yeah well. Figured it was time.”
“Don’t you hear me? It still can. Tony let’s go now. Let’s move away. What’s holding us back? We’re free men, we don’t have to — “
“Yes. A dog? I never thought you were the type.”
“You must have imagined it.” Tony narrows his eyes, comically quizzical. “I don’t know, maybe it was your subconscious speaking.”
“You flatter me.”
“Steve, I’ve given you that the answer, it’s up to you to do something with it.” And then he laughs. “I was young, I was inexperienced,” he says honestly. “Anything that wasn’t just vanilla sex was interesting to me.”
did you know that?”
“Sure,” Steve says awkwardly. He realises that he doesn’t want to go back into the bedroom the once shared. He realises it would probably be bad taste to drink, all things considered.
Steve salutes with two fingers. Tony knows, he won’t keep in touch. They never do.
Tony drags a shaky hand across his mouth, wipes an errant strand of drool. “Yes,” he says, blinking up at him, shocked but not exploring the docility with which he’d replied.
“Good.” Steve says.
“And what does your good favour get me?”
“Yeah,” Steve agrees, heavily. It sounds like he swallows, hard. “Duty. I actually – about that. The helicarrier – “
Tony covers his ear. “Shut up,” he whispers, hopes the others don’t hear, hopes he can just stop it, that when he looks up it’ll be a dream, it won’t be real. When Tony was a kid, he was afraid of the dark. He’d lie in bed, convince himself that there were monsters in the closet, and the only way he could be safe was if he covered his whole body with blanket.
Open your eyes, he urges himself, open your eyes. Look at him, Tony, show him you’re fine.
“Jesus, Tony,” Rhodey croaks, stumbling forward. He pulls him, slack limbs and all, into a crushing hug. “I thought you were gone, man, I thought you were dusted, or he killed you – “
“Good,” Tony says succinctly, and then, because it’s nagging at him, “by the way, sometimes it’s just easier to allow yourself to be touched. Even if they hurt you. Especially if you’re getting something in return.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
But he just frowns at him. Traces the shape of his brow, eyes, cheekbones, nose, lips, with one finger. “Bad,” he says again, softly.
“It was a joke,” Tony decides, “you just love to press my buttons, huh?”
Steve looks up. "Hey," he says softly "hey, yeah. You are."
“You sound like my dad,” Tony laughs, but Steve doesn’t smile. His coat is extra warm, extra thick, and extra big. It dwarfs him.
“What about Mr. Odinson, when do I get to meet him and welcome him to the club?” Tony asked, tossing the gauntlet back and forth between his hands.
Steve muffled a chuckle. There was the Tony he knew and loved.
Their lips brushed and Steve jerked back in surprise.
He probably was not used to such emotions and she felt pity for him but also relief. Her mate was not wholly machine. There was a man in there somewhere, struggling to get out.
“Steve, in the last ten minutes you have said my name more than you ever had the entire time I have known you,” Tony observed with a grunt. In the background, he heard car alarms going off.
They all looked to Tony and he refused to meet any of their eyes. He didn’t know what to think anymore. He was a mess of anger, resentment, depression, and…and well whatever it was he was feeling to hear that Steve loved him. It was mostly confusion, but…but he was also a happy-sad too which he didn’t even know was an emotion until that moment and…it hurt more than everything else…
That waiting was what scared him the most.
“Clint has potential….”
“I just wanted to see my mom,” Peter reasoned sullenly.
Before Tony could ask, Jarvis stated, “I do not require another charging, sir.”
It was the first night in a long time since they did not sleep together or make love. It resulted in a restless night for James and he wondered if it was the same for her as well.
“Not even one little kiss?” Tony pouted.
“Jarvis says you two have been doing tests?” Tony asked as his eyes trailed over the dark spot on Steve’s arm. He had probably grilled Jarvis as soon as he woke and noticed Steve was gone from his side.
What made him angrier was the fury Rogers had vibed at him for thinking so low of Stark.
The father returned the hug and he whispered, “May God lead you true to your love. I will pray for both of you tonight. I hope he is healed and you reach him without any more delay.”
She knew he was traumatized by what had happened but, going on what limited knowledge she had of human emotion, she equated her emotional guilt to being the worst thing a human could ever feel and assumed that it was the worse Peter would feel. She assumed all he had to deal with was the same emotional turmoil and she knew it to be manageable, horrible but manageable.
“Mmmmm Hmmmm,” Tony hummed, not convinced.
“He thinks Stark is dead and does not believe us when we tell him otherwise,” the psychiatrist informed him. They both paused and watched the Captain through one-way glass. Captain Rogers sat at an interrogation table, staring blankly at the table’s shiny metal surface.
It was only after he was gone did Eddie caress his wrist and tiredly whisper, “See you in an hour…”
The love of his life was gone and Tony was left with nothing.
“I’ll get Howard on the line. He’ll know what to do,” she insisted.
Another news van pulled into the parking lot and stopped right in front of them, blocking their path. Tony growled and Steve frowned at the people who jumped out. The obstruction gave the others enough time to catch up to them and they were quickly surrounded.
Tony’s fingers dug into the flesh of his arm. He couldn’t imagine hurting Steve the way this man did his own soulmate. Natasha’s neck was swollen and was the grisly colors of black and blue.
“It was…” Tony whispered, tossing out the once priceless pottery. He asked her, “Can you get the pizza?  I don’t want to leave him alone…He might break the vase from the Qin Dynasty next if the bell rings again…”
It was short and easy but it took Steve’s breath away.
“Damn, Cap wasn’t kidding when he said you were his soulmate,” Fury said from the top of the stair, walking in like he owned the place.
Peter sighed heavily thinking of the debt he and his aunt were getting into. Maybe he shouldn’t have such a light course load…the longer he was there equated to a longer bill.
The investor was a stoic Asian woman that answered to May and was a part of a government organization called SHIELD. Steve learned from the ship’s crew that SHIELD planned a big search of the Arctic. For what, they could only guess as the organization was very tightlipped about it. The popular rumor on the ship was that it was a search for an alien spaceship.
Steve pulled Tony toward him through their connected hands and, once he was close enough, cupped his hand behind Tony’s neck. He gently pulled Tony down for a kiss and Tony willingly complied. He opened his mouth to Steve and Steve sighed in relief as Tony moved in to gently claim his lips. There was going to be a long road ahead of them to rebuild their trust and relationship but both of them wanted it and it was more than Steve could ask for.
Venom screeched and expanded its body, trying to find a way to break free. No matter how far it stretched nor how sharp it made its tendrils, it could not break free from Wanda’s magic.
Steve and Tony groggily woke up.
Steve would be charged but would probably be released on bail but he would most likely be disallowed from leaving the state until end of trial. Press would increase exponentially and the reporters would be digging everything from his past to get a story out of him. Which led to them asking…
He didn’t think he was ever going to get used to waking up to this.
is a big unit, it'll take us awhile to collectively move out but, once we’re all moving, it’ll go by faster.”
When Steve did not immediately respond, Tony announced, “Then you leave me no choice!”
, keep in touch via the communicators and I want an update every five minutes. Once we’ve secured our people, fall back to the quinjet. After an hour, fall back to the quinjet either way. We will regroup and go in a different way but we will
Peter ran his hands along Wade’s chest and whispered, “I want to make love with you.”
Steve toweled off and paused as he considered is clothing options. He boldly decided to wear only a bathrobe and tightly tied the belt around his waist with a flush. He was already growing aroused and soon it would be blatantly obvious.
Tony grinned and stood on the balls of his feet as he whispered into Steve’s ear, “All I can think about is all the different kinds of
“You’ll just have to rebuild it,” Steve reasoned.
“What?” Peter piped up for the first time since Bucky and Nat returned.
Steve leaned into his side and greedily absorbed his warmth. He was still only in his boxers and he did not realize how cold he had gotten until Tony touched him.
-!” Solo scrambled to his feet and Steve held out his hands to try to calm him down. Solo hissed, “You’re one of them! You’re an alien!”
The time limit he set for himself came and went and Steve did not notice. Steve fell asleep on the empty mattress, exhausted by both his grief for Tony and exhilaration for Bucky.
.” The Red Skull paused as Steve eyes narrowed furthered. Still smirking, he continued, “I am going to break you until you are less than human and then put you back together again. I will destroy you and in your place will stand my new soldier of Hydra…I couldn’t think of a better way to get back at Erskine, do you?”
Steve squeezed his eyes shut to keep his immediate distraught reaction to the AI’s words from showing. He took a deep, calming breath and whispered, “Take me to him, Jarvis.”
“Your honor!” Marcel barked, turning on the examiner with a snarl.
“C-Can I call you Dad?” Peter asked. In his mind, the term was already in use and had ingrained itself with ease as if it was always made to be there.
Tony leaned onto his side and sighed, “That isn't an option, beloved.”
He cooked and prepared the coffee with military efficiency and gave the meal as much attention as he would give battle plans. It helped in distracting him from his headache.
Steve hummed and humped his hips into Tony’s. He repeated, “No clothes.”
Steve leaned in and teased, “And you love it.”
“Great,” Peter replied honestly. “Last night was amazing.”
When Steve could no longer see thanks to the flash of the cameras, they were led away from the photo zone and made their way to the entrance and through the remaining reporters.
Ma was going to give him an earful over the new stains on his shirt.
Steve’s mouth flapped like a fish as he struggled for the words. Tony’s reasoning was incredulous and flawed and…and Tony wasn't having another affair.
“I’m here,” Steve whispered wearily.
Steve nodded and said, “Avengers, move out!”
. I-I don’t know where to go! Tony trace this right now!”
Sam laughed, placing both hands on his hips, and Steve sputtered, spitting out the water from the water bottle he’d just taken a sip from. Tony purposely said “my” and Sam did not seem to notice but Steve did blush a little around his cheekbones.
His lips twitched into a small smile. Peggy smiled too and lightly rubbed his arms. She whispered, “Go to him. That tough kid from Brooklyn shouldn’t be so scared of this Manhattan wannabe.”
Tony continued, “Ben came as soon as he found out what happened. He’s been with Peter ever since but he’s scared. Pete saw you get hurt. He didn’t understand why you left…I don’t understand why you left,” Tony added gruffly, his last two statements bordered on anger.
With his fingers digging into the cement floor, Steve picked himself up and pressed a soft kiss onto the Red Skull’s boot.
He got to Central Park with a few minutes to spare. Steve leapt from the quinjet and Clint landed several meters away to draw attention away from Steve. He dusted himself after his landing and then made his way to the more populated areas of the park.
Peter nestled his head into Wade’s chest and lightly sighed, “I hate aliens…”
“He did not contact any of us,” Clint retorted. “We only know he is alive because of the message he sent you. Jarvis tracked the call to a payphone and that is all we know.”
Much later that night, Tony lay in bed with his tablet open on his lap. Steve was just finishing brushing his teeth and happened to glance into the bedroom and saw a look of extreme concentration on Tony’s face. Steve finished up in the bathroom and as he stepped back into the bedroom, Tony’s face instantly cleared. He quickly turned off his tablet and placed it on his bedside table.
Nothing was said so Bruce announced, "Okay, going quantum in three, two, one."
Tony fell back into the bed and moaned, “Of course you are here…”
“That I love you,” Steve finished for him and kissed the grin that blossomed on Tony’s face when he finished his sentence. Their gentle kiss quickly evolved into a passionate one. Tony pulled at his hair and Steve dug his fingertips into his back. One of them moaned and their bodies began to move, pressing into each other and remembering the other’s rhythm.
It was extremely surreal and definitely something out of one of his greatest fantasies.  He never thought it possible to find someone who knew nothing about his past and perceived him differently because of it.
Steve planned to simply see Tony one last time. However, when he saw him, the plan revealed itself to be foolhardy.
Steve looked to his outstretched hand and then back to the older man’s open expression. Tony was wary and scared but hopeful. His expression reminded Steve of himself when he agreed to take the serum. Steve grasped his hand and stated, “I swear I will never speak a word of your existence to anyone. You have my word.”
Natasha silently faced the bar and took another sip of her drink. She eventually murmured, “My own soulmate also had a rocky past. I didn’t understand it at first. It scared and angered me. For a long time, it caused upset between us and…I wish now that I hadn’t wasted that time we had with such petty grievances…”
They did the quick version of the ceremony but both of them were a blubbering mess by the end of it. Even though it was a little odd, Tony thought the ceremony to be
close to a smile. She so desperately wanted to see it again. He hadn’t smiled since before he “died” and she missed it dearly.
In the past, he and Cable had left late into the night and before that…Steve barely got a restful sleep…In fact, the last time he had slept soundly had been in Tony’s arms, before they found out about the Palladium poisoning. Being tired had been a norm for him, but now…now he and everyone he loved was safe.
“No,” Steve replied, “I don’t want to.” He wanted to hold Tony for the rest of his life. Already, in his head, he envisioned a number of scenarios in which he would propose to Tony. Instead, at that moment, he decided to lower Tony down in a dip and kiss him deeply. Tony’s head was inches from the ground and Tony’s feet were above both of them.
“Ok, Wilson and Coulson have yet to put theirs in. Get out of there now. I’m going to have to let it go as soon as the last one is in!”
‘Baby boy you just made my heart do a backflip and land with a split. I am updating my fanfiction accounts at this very moment.’
“You time traveled…
Once it was sent, Steve murmured, “Let’s get one together.”
Peter laughed and kissed Wade’s pout with a smile stretching his lips. He then slid out of Wade’s embrace and the bed. He playfully murmured, “I am filthy, join me in the shower?”
He protected Tony from the fall as best as he could by curling around him. Tony lay under him and Steve pushed himself up as he groaned, “Sorry, I’m a little uncoordinated right now…”
“Operator,” Steve explained with a flush. He felt ridiculous holding the “phone” up to his ear.
Tony had enough time to inhale sharply before Jarvis reacted to the breach in his personal security. Following the security protocols, the suit lifted its arm faster than Tony would have ever been able to do and delivered a sharp blast to the face of the man who was about to kill him.
“This isn’t some joke,” Steve gasped, his emotions mounting. “
Venom seemed disoriented and was stumbling around but it groaned, “C-cold and it hurts.” Venom fell and it gasped, “It’s-It’s crush-shing me.”
“So your mate?”
“Is your aunt out?” Steve asked casually.
Laying there in the silence was the worst part. It was another reminder that Steve was not there. Tony hadn’t realized it but, with Steve living with him, there was always some kind of noise in the background. Whether it the super soldier laughing loudly at the local TV program or the barely audible sound of his pencil scratching the paper of his sketchbook, Tony could always tell Steve was there. But now knowing that he was not, made the time passing by immeasurable and it dragged out torturously.
Steve froze and watched Bruce’s chest to keep an eye on his breathing. If it got any faster Steve knew they would have the Hulk to deal with in a matter of seconds. Anything could set him off. Steve prayed to God that the judge did not smash his gavel.
Peter stared at that smile, remembering his earlier thoughts about kissing him. Both of them still had their masks half on. He could do it. He could easily lean forward and kiss him. It would be so simple,
Tony’s fingers dug into the flesh of Steve’s arms and, with eyes starting to tear, he sobbed, “
There was more traffic on the road than when he first pursued Enigma. It was rush hour, everyone was getting off work so Tony knew he wasn’t going to be chasing after him in this traffic.
, boss?”
Then Steve could be himself…he could be happy…and Tony could be happy with him.
Steve chuckled and he smiled happily at Tony. They were standing too close but Tony didn't make any moves to put distance between them. Tony merely smiled in return.
Thank you for reading! I promise to work on this during my travels!
“J…Let’s update the scan of my chest and send it to my doctor…”
! You can pull out at any time and everyone would understand.”
There was so much he wanted to tell Tony still.
“Me too,” Steve stated breathlessly. He laughed, feeling giddy and gasped, “I can’t believe this is happening.”
Ben stepped up behind her and gently placed his hand on Peter’s head. Peter lifted his head and peered at his uncle with damp, glassy eyes.
Tony smiled at Steve as he knelt before him. His soulmate looked like crap but he was
Thor gently laid her soulmate onto her bed and she whispered, “Thank you.”
Steve shrugged and murmured, “Like I said, drinking doesn’t seem to affect me anymore and…”
“…Sir has displayed similar actions in the past,” Jarvis stated, almost carefully and Steve could not help but wonder how human Tony had made his AI. Jarvis seemed to know when to be gentle during tense situations and be almost as sarcastic as Tony during the light hearted ones. Jarvis continued, “When Sir and Mistress Potts annulled their relationship, Sir came here while Mistress Potts remained in the Malibu house. He has a history of running away, Master Rogers.”
Steve always knew Tony was bi. If he was interested in Tony he probably would have come out sooner and tried to pursue a romantic relationship…
“Are you alright?”
"Perfect? Like perfect-perfect?"
He replied, “I know, Petey, believe me I know.”
His host was rejecting him but Venom could not leave. He would die without his host. BUT his host would not work with him and eat the proper nutrients Venom needed!
He fell back and inhaled deeply, closing his eyes as he did. The left side of his face still burned terribly but his right side itched more than burned, attesting to his healing.
“No, question,” Tony retorted. He held out his hands and said, “Now let me hold our son.”
Tony started college and Francesca was finishing up her last years of high school. They were the same age but Tony was on an accelerated course. He didn’t think it’d get in the way of their relationship.
All of it was so unfair and horrifying. Tony was tempted to escape it by grabbing a bottle of vodka and locking himself away from it all.
“Everyone retreat!” Steve commanded.
He couldn’t do
Steve wanted to see Bucky. Despite the fact he had a hand in helping push Tony away, Bucky was still his best friend and the only person he could truss the full impact of his grief with. He had to be strong for the others but not for Bucky, Bucky could be strong for him like he was the night of his mother's funeral.
Steve took back the photo and almost laughed his joy was so sudden.
“Well I hope so since you’ve told me you love me a dozen times now,” Tony retorted with a happy grin. He had dropped his tablet and it lay forgotten at his side.
The man pinned Steve down then surprised him as the armor opened and he fell out on top of Steve. The armor continued to pin Steve down and Steve gasped lightly from the stranger’s body impacting him. The man’s body was strangely hot, the heat burned through his uniform and sunk into Steve’s skin.
“Natasha?” Steve whispered, afraid to raise his voice any higher.
Natasha knelt beside her son and whispered the word in his ear. Tony bent down and did the same for Peter.
“Then who else is here?”
Tony was trying to be quiet as he tried to appease the flustered Commando but he should’ve factored in the bat ears of the former Hydra assassin in residence.
Steve scowled and stared into Coulson’s unflinching eyes. Steve saw he was resolute in his declaration. Steve thrust his shield into the wooden desk, skewering it into the furniture.
“Do you want me in the field?”
Steve slipped out of the car and Tony bound toward him. They did not pause to think. One moment their eyes were just meeting and the next their arms were around each other and their mouths were connecting like magnets.
Wolverine took another drag from his cigar and then replied with a breath of smoke, “I was bored and felt like fighting something. The Professor does not approve of me getting too vicious with the students, especially on a school day, but Wade’s usually good to go,” Logan said, nodding to Wade.
Tony moaned from Bruce’s jostling which was a good sign. Natasha watched Bruce as he pulled apart the suit. Jarvis was directing him how to via the communicator.
New York was a completely different world in the early morning hours. The only people out were the homeless, sleeping in the nooks or alleys, and the streets mostly held bored taxi drivers, waiting for their shifts to be over. The air in the city always had a hint of exhaust to it thanks to the abundance of traffic and even when there were barely any cars out Steve could taste it coating his mouth and throat. The air was cold and his breath fogged upon every exhalation. Steve wore sweatpants and a tight under armor, short-sleeved shirt. Despite the skin of his arms being exposed, Steve was moving fast enough to get his blood pumping and to stay warm.
Tony couldn't hide forever.
I don’t have many happy memories. I remember once you shaking me, though, trying to wake me up. I batted you away, of course. But still, you covered me in a blanket.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve holds out his hands. Tony takes them, legs a little wobbly, pitching a little into his chest. He smells good. Tony could easily just rest against him, now. “Does that feel better?” Steve asks, kindly. “Did it take the edge off?”
“I see,” Steve says thoughtfully. He tsks. “Look at this, Tony. When was the last time you had a nice groom, hmm?”
“They – what?” Steve asks.
The doctors ask him about his family. His mother and father. “You killed them,” Tony will spit “you got Barnes to kill them, didn’t you? And you want to try and twist my brain around, same as Zemo. Well it won’t work this time, you hear me? It won’t work.”
want me to answer that door…”
“Thank you,” he chokes,
“Steve, I’ve been doing them for forty years. They don’t get easier.”
Steve can’t see his smile. He hugs the phone to the side of his head. “Dinner?” He snorts, “I didn’t realise you were such a man about town now, Steve.”
“I don’t like it when people talk about you that way,” Steve says, still reeking of fight. “They don’t have the right, they don’t even understand. How dare they.”
“Because people are mean,” Tony simpers, pushing Steve away. “Are we done here?”
A beat. “For what, sweetheart?”
“I bet you’ve been thinking about it,” Tony mutters, only half-lascivious, down his glass in one. He wishes he’d brought a bottle of wine along with him.
Peter nods. “Yeah, yeah. The kid with the glasses.”
much taller than him, really; mostly it’s an illusion, because Tony is so much slimmer. A lot slimmer, actually. Easy to manhandle. Tony likes being manhandled – did he already mention that?
“Don’t be stubborn.”
“Rogers, we’ve discussed manhandling,” Tony mutters, rubbing his arm. “I don’t know. No reason,” he says, brushing down his clothes.
and so Steve took and took. He doesn’t think Tony’s spoken so truthfully about it to anyone. He considers it an honour.
He looks up, meets Tony’s eyes. “Oh, no,” he says, putting down the salve, “oh no, Tony, no, don’t cry. Hey, it’s alright – does it hurt? I’m sorry, it’ll be over soon, please don’t cry.” He buffs Tony’s eyes with his sleeve. The truth is, the worst of it doesn’t hurt – the nerves are dead, anyway. The fringes can get pretty bad, irritated and raw, but it’s not the pain.
She’s lying, they both know it. But human decency stops her, even her, the assassin, from commenting on it.
Steve blinks. "I -- " he says "I do. I do trust you, of course I do. Some things, though, some things aren't... meant for subs to handle." He says, delicately. "Not because you can't!" He adds quickly "Just because -- I want to take care of you. It's better when I care for you. I feel better, that way."
Tony stares at him. “You do?” He asks, leaning close. “You really do?”
“You’ve left the grounds in the sink,” Steve says, disgusted. “What did he say about leaving coffee grounds in the sink?”
“Can I ask a question? Will you answer honestly?”
OPINIONS on OC's are greatly appreciated!! I love!!! every!!! comment!!!
“I don’t doubt it,” Tony says, trying to duck under his arms.
Steve dumps the bag in the trash, gag and all. “Your neck needs dressing,” he says. “How long since you changed the bandage?”
They’re pasting over it. Three men, levered up the side of the building, replacing it with white. They cover up the left side of Tony’s face, and then the centre, and by the time they block out his eyes entirely Steve’s traffic is starting to move.
“You die,” Steve confirms, eyes locked on Tony’s unmoving form. “And he lives. That’s how it works.”
“Good,” Nick grunts, pushing past him. He shoulders him out, slams the door.
Tony stares at him, swallows. He whips his head to the side; Peter is gone. Tony feels the brush of wind. He hears the sound of dust, across the tiled floor, swept out the window and evaporated into air.
"Is my face weird?"
“You seem to know what you want,” Steve murmurs, looking up at him.
“It’s not that I like the silence,” Steve admits. He rests his hands on Tony’s waist, squeezes slightly. “It’s not even that – I don’t know. It’s not even that I don’t like you talking. Sometimes, I like you talking. When you talk about the things you’re interested in, even though I don’t get it. Or politics – you can be wicked sharp when you’re talking about politics.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I want to sit with you.”
Steve looks at Tony for a long time. "Don't be mad." He says.
Steve is stiff, and then not. His hands move up Tony’s chest, bracketing him, safe and warm.
“I guess they have a role too,” Steve says, but he sounds unsure.
“Your scientific method is infallible,” Fury dead-pans. “Take a look.”
Tony fishes out his phone and proudly flicks through some photos. A little girl sitting on his shoulders in a yellow sundress, and a younger boy with paint smeared on his hands, gleefully holding them up for the camera.
“It’s hard to control yourself, when we’re upset in that way.”
“Tortured,” Gus slurs, suddenly, “tortured and carved open and,” he sniffs, inhales deeply “you smell so good,” he whispers, and in the light Steve can see where Gus’ pupils fill with black. It’s macabre, especially with the way the scars run down his face.
It’s almost 3AM. They’re crowding him, all of them, with their broad shoulders and scenting like fight. Tony works his jaw. “I’m not going to let him suffer,” he tells Pierce.
He’ll do it on his hands and knees, if that’s what Steve wants.
“What, even all soaking wet?”
“That sounds a like deal,” Steve says, warmly. “I was wondering – you said Stone had footage, that it was incriminating.”
The nurse's fingers are running along his scalp. Maybe she didn't hear him? Tony opens his mouth to say it again. "Can we turn it up?"
“I am breathing.” Tony croaks, shaky. “Have to breathe to live, genius.”
"Too hot?" Steve asks, trailing wet fingers down Tony's spine.
Steve hears them through the walls; they hover outside his door. Bucky and Natasha, Wanda and Clint. They question if they should help him, if he just needs time to grieve, if this is something more serious. Steve hasn’t got the right words to articulate what this feels like, an absence of purpose, and absence of hope. The world could be burning outside his door and he wouldn’t care, because what does human life matter when it’s so fragile, everyone dies anyway, and all we live for are fleeting, short experiences that amount to nothing. Let the world burn, it doesn’t matter. Humanity is pointless as it is.
He huffs. Shakes his head with disbelief. “Wow,” he says. “Okay. Because – if you’re on my side, Rogers – that’s a boon, you know? That’s a big deal.”
“Undermines everything. Tony was fascinated.”
“You might think that. I’m alpha. I know what we think. Most of those alphas out there will never get a chance with an omega like you. It might not be a weakness, but it makes you vulnerable.”
Tony turns, leans against the sink. “Am I — doing something wrong?”
He shuffles slightly, moves his hands from Tony’s shoulders to bracket his head. He mumbles something, Tony only catches the tail end. “… in my bed?”
“Rightly, in my opinion. You’re fucking shady, Nick.”
Tony shuts his eyes. “How would you make me yours?” He murmurs.
“I’m not gonna beat you,” Steve tells him, like he’s discussing the weather. “Take off those shoes. Get those pants down from around your knees, too. If someone’s going to see you, they’re going to see you naked, like you deserve.”
It certainly explained Captain Roger’s reaction…The man must have thought Fury killed him when he shot Stark with the EMP and his “loss” destroyed Captain Rogers. From the historical reports, it looked like he and Agent Carter were a couple. Could they be wrong? Or, perhaps, Carter was just his beard?
Steve laughed and picked Tony off his feet to spin him around.
“Oh, what let me guess? You’re upset I stopped Peter too?” Wade grumbled to the second voice.
Bucky jolted to a stop at the foot of his bed. He looked back and forth between Tony to Steve with large eyes and his brows increasing in height with every passing second. Finally, he stuttered, “You promised you’d
“Well hopefully he’s cowering away somewhere far from us,” Natasha mumbled into her coms. Her heart began to beat faster as she realized a flaw in their plan. Her eyes flickered up and, yes, there were cameras in the hall and probably elsewhere. Their surprise attack lost its surprise as soon as they were seen on their monitors...
cannot be stopped.”
“I don’t want Stark anywhere near this! He is not a part of the initiative. He is a consultant only and I
Steve began to kiss the side of his neck and put his hands under Tony’s shirt, feeling the skin beneath. He was still marveling at the fact that this was no longer fake. They both wanted each other and wanted to be together. With this knowledge, Tony felt so much more amazing. His pulse fluttered madly under Steve’s lips and his skin of his neck tasted like sea salt. Under his hands, he dragged his hands against Tony’s flesh and drew him closer so he could feel his arousal. Beneath him, Tony groaned and pressed back, gyrating his hips teasingly.
Steve nearly jumped out of his seat during the chest buster scene and they teased him as he settled back down onto the couch. His dad loved the movie and had made popcorn partway through and kept shushing them during the tenser parts. Around the second movie, Peter dozed off halfway through it as Steve was bemoaning the tactics of the space marines. Wade woke him with a light kiss to the cheek as the credits began to roll. A new batch of popcorn was made and they started the third movie. This time Peter leaned onto Wade’s side and they shared a bowl of popcorn between them as both his parents began to discuss Ripley’s role in the film.
Tony nodded to both of them one last time and hustled out of the apartment as quickly as he could without looking at either of them.
Bucky frowned, not liking this quiet Tony. He wished there was something he could do to change that…he felt useless for both him and Steve…
Tony turned to Steve. The man was staring off into space with a blank expression, thinking God knows what. Tony asked, “Can we just make sure this really happened?”
All compelling reasons, in their own right, with one main goal.
“I think we should end this,” Steve tells him. “It’s not easy. It’s not fair of me to expect things of you that you don’t want or can’t do, and – I don’t want us to resent each other, Tony.” His voice is so soft. He sounds like he wants to cry.
“Basically, yeah.” The kid scratches the back of his head, looks apologetic.
Again, comment on OC's are loved! I really like to hear what you guys think of them and I promise there will be more plot in the next chapter
Steve leans forward, water washing over their limbs. “Hey,” he says, quietly, “can you look at me?”
“Are you wet?” Steve’s voice is rough. He clears it. “Have you soaked through?”
“Are you panicking? Should I have not called? Tony this is really hard for me, it’s been years, and I don’t know what’s going on with you — “
“Better,” Tony knows. He pulls himself off, dripping, settles himself against Steve’s waist. He’s still hard, but the urgency, that awful soreness, has gone – they’ve done the worst part. “Hey,” he laughs, cupping his cheek. “How you feeling?”
“You know, when you paid for my treatment. Bought the house, the food, the pills, whatever.”
Steve nods. “You’re important. Crucial.”
Steve drinks tea, now. He couldn’t tell you exactly when he made the switch – two years ago? Maybe three? After that mess with the junkie with Kree tech. Or maybe it was after the New Marxists tried to level Manhattan.
involved in the Ultron debacle under the grounds of the new treaty. Wanda, because she was under the age of twenty-one — legal consent for inhuman activity — and then you, because you were so obviously coerced.”
You feel his absence, fucking hell, you
What the fu –
Steve's hand rests on his leg. He knows this because... because it's a fact. His eyes slide open; the world is blurry. Not worryingly so, just fuzzy around the edges. It's soothing.
about me. Difference is, unlike Fury, we’ve all accepted the universal truth.”
“What has Fury said about me, Tony?”
“C’mon,” Steve says again, thickly, putting his arm around the kid’s shoulders. “We need to move him. You want to help, son?” He offers it, because the kid is a kid, but he’s going to have to grow up fast, now. Manhood isn’t going to wait.
“Tomorrow is – it’s the day – it’s the day I would usually go to my parent’s grave,” Tony gets out, wincing. The air is sharp around his cheeks, and it’s just started to snow.
“Steve,” Pepper presses. “Please. Stay for dinner. Here,” she says, turning, “open that door for me, would you? Morgan? honey,” she calls, “we have a guest! Come say hello, sweetie.”
“Mmm hmm,” Tony smiles, lazily, eyes closed. “Like a bitch. But – better than that. I like it, it’s like listening to someone be… it makes you sound vulnerable.”
“I fixed it. I told you I would.”
Shit. Must have lost time again. "Sleep."
Steve sets on it ravenously, munches it down and Bruce hands him more which he eats while watching them tug Gus over the edge and into the jet. He’s pale, his shirt is gone and the moss Steve used to seal the wound has wrenched loose. In the high lights of the quinjet the scars on his chest are thrown into sharp relief, the lines on his face evident. His leg is obviously still broken; he hasn’t been healing.
He throws him forward into the railing. “You’re not cute, Stark.”
“But, that is your home. Look at him. I said, look at him,” Steve orders, and Richards does. “There. Wasn’t so hard, was it? Who else was there that night?”
“You answered,” Steve replies, and there’s a hint of reproach.
“What will happen to the tower?” Thor asks “Will it be left like this?”
“No.”
“Because it will be good for you,” Tony says bluntly. “Because it means you’ll stop hanging around here. You’ll be able to mix with other alpha, get out some of that energy, do productive work.”
“And in return?”
Tony grasps her arm. “No,” he blurts. “No. It’s so good to see you. It’s so — I don’t have anyone, not from the old days. Everyone’s gone. You’re gone, Rhodey’s gone — sometimes, you know, people like Wilson and Romanoff visit, but it’s not — it’s not — “
Steve recoils. “You think I would – you would even
“Of course not,” Fury scoffs, “just – that he might be mistaken. He’s in rut, Stark, he – well, he could rip you in half,” he says, bluntly. “There’s no such thing as no.”
Tony watches him carefully, across the table.
“You’re probably wondering why I didn’t help you,” Pierce sighs, sorrowful, stroking Tony’s hair, petting him again and again like a dog on his lap. “The answer is, expediency. I knew, your father knew. Understand? He
“I’m proposing we get you out of this country as soon as we can.”
“Do you know what started it?”
It’s strange, lying in. Because usually he would be out of bed by now, but… but this doesn’t feel like depression. It doesn’t feel like he’s lying in because he can’t bear the thought of living for nothing. It’s the same kind of lie in he would have on Sunday mornings with Steve, way back when, when they were –
“I can try,” he laughs. “Cap – I don’t want to be that guy, but the president has asked to see you, you probably want to knock him off first. But don’t you worry, From Stark,” and Rumlow turns that grating smile back at Tony, “I have someone more important for you to see.”
“Nothing that affects us,” Natasha breaks in. “The kid said he needs tech.”
“Okay. And when you tied him, laughed when he tried to crawl away – was that someone else, too?”
Steve disagrees. Morgan gets it. She’s twitchy, the way Tony’s twitchy. Zoned in on the cube, fiddling with the colours. She understands that Daddy isn’t coming home, even if she doesn’t know why. Maybe she’ll be happy now, her and Pepper. She’s a great mother.
“Since Tony died. Since Gus couldn’t save him.”
“He treat you right?”
“Captain,” the man says, stiffly. “I – I’m not sure what – “
It is hard to describe the agony a vampire feels at the death of their imprint. It’s about as close to physical pain that emotions can reach. It can take many different forms: rage, depression, an empty, cold hole growing inside or cancerous growth on the mind.
into him, forcefully, enough that he stops his whining and gasps, moans, and comes. Steve doesn’t even break stride; Tony’s completion isn’t the point. “You can be a nice little cum-dump when you want to be, huh sweetheart?” He sweats, smacking Tony’s ass to make him clench.
“So, he made his call. And I loved him. I had him, Steve, for
“I like you,” Tony says. “How can you think I don’t?”
He laughs. “You’re such a skeez, Rogers.”
“What?”
“But really though.”
“Steve’s dead.” He whispers “Steve’s dead.”
Tony shuts his door and Steve pushes the car into gear. They head out down the drive.
“Rhodey and Sarah would think so.”
Steve steps back. “Don’t you dare.”
“That fucking mouth, huh.” Ty says, thumbing his lower lip. “It was good, getting some face time with the big-wigs today. I always you knew would come in handy.”
“I don’t mean – I don’t mean history, or anything like that. I tried calling you back. I couldn’t get through.”
Tony picks at the buttons of his shirt, purposefully drops it off his shoulders. “He asked for me, Nick,” he tells him, plaintively. “What am I supposed to do?”
“It’s not. I ruined – soup day.”
People start to scream, either in fear or anger, and Steve is very nearly taken up in it. Someone spits on his cheek. Someone has spat on him. He turns to see who it is, irrationally angry, but they’ve been taken up in the crowd and now he’s being shepherded towards a car —
Tony indulges it, because Pierce is an old man. “Please, remind me,” he laughs, accepting a champagne flute.
“I – I’ll come,” Steve says, bleary. “Yes, okay, I hear you. Thank you, for calling,” he adds, like that’s necessary. “You’ll make your way to Wakanda. Just – I’ll give you a number, call it, they’ll help you. Tell them I sent you. Tell them – “
"You know what it's like?" Tony says quietly "Do you know what it's like to, to crawl for a guy who won't tell you his secrets?"
“Your pity. Or worse, your – what, you come here to say ‘I told you so?’”
“So you do learn,” Steve smirks, delicately gripping his chin between forefinger and thumb. “We left him outside the cops with money for services rendered stuffed inside his pretty lace panties, and you tell me, Stark – do you think he ever tried to steal again?”
The – man, on the line sighs. “Ross,” he says, and then, when he must realise that isn’t helpful: “General Ross. We met, a few years back. You bought a bar.”
“No. You know that’s not what I mean, Stark. I think you use your body to get what you want, and that’s fine, and I don’t care, but sometimes I think – you delude yourself,” he says, shortly.
“Get your feet off the table.” Bruce says, pushing them to the ground. “It’s unhygienic.”
He scents it again, as deep as he can. Pulses of colour in his peripheral vision. “What does it smell like?” Fury urges.
“Don’t you worry yourself about Steve,” Pierce says, squeezing his waist comfortingly. “He’s going to be fine. You just focus on putting one foot after another.”
“And I couldn’t help thinking, what if maybe – you weren’t paying attention, sure, and don’t get me wrong, I love the – the roleplay, I guess, as much as anyone, but what if you were tuning out – “
“Go fuck yourself.”
Still, he collects himself. “Her phone was there,” he continues. And her shoes. Wine glass. But she’s gone. And that’s that.”
“You mean that? You really mean that?”
"Thank you, Sir."
Tony lunges. “
Tony, Steve answers instead, can you talk, sweetheart? Tell me you’re okay. Where are you hurt?
“… bad day.” He catches, two words drifting up the stairs. “Wouldn’t leave bed. I know, I forget. It happens sometimes, but — but when I tried to get him to take Mosely out he threw the glass at the wall.”
Bruce shakes his head. “There is no team,” he says, truthfully. “There is no team without him.”
“Ross,” Pierce mutters, taking the glass, turning away. “The man is – a borderline sociopath. He and Nick came to blows, did you know that?”
He inhales at Pierce’s throat. He thinks Pierce doesn’t mind so much.
It's around this point I fell in love with another man. Now I know that sounds awful. You're young, so I can't expect you to understand. Your father and I did not have a working relationship. And he was old. After your birth, after my illness, after his drinking, relations worsened. I ended up falling in love with one of his best friends.
Steve stares at him for a long time. Tony knows what he’s trying to do; people talk in long silences, Tony, especially, talks in long silence. He can’t help it, it’s reflexive, and he was trained to always be polite. He sips from the glass, raises his brows. “Will that be all, or…?”
“You should sleep.”
Steve spins when he feels fingers ghost his neck. “I’m here,” Tony whispers, and there’s gold again, spilling from his fingertips, hovering over Steve’s skin but never touching. “You can’t touch me,” he says “I won’t let you.”
And then Tony starts rattling off a litany of conditions. High blood pressure, high cholesterol, angina, something about restricted lung capacity and a shoulder that is stiff no matter what Tony does. His back, he says, is fucked after ten years of having it screwed in his suit. He tells Steve that sometimes his heart beats so hard against his chest it feels like his ribs are going to snap. “I’m surprised you don’t hear it,” he says, as if that makes it any clearer. “Essentially, I’m crumbling, Steve.”
“No,” Killian agrees, “of course you don’t, you stuck up little bitch. I offered this to you, you know. This power. I was going to make it yours. You ignored me. You
Tony frowns. “Uhm,” he mumbles, “okay.”
“I figured – that’s why it’s a suit, hmm? So you don’t even have to think about – getting your hands dirty.” Pierce’s laugh is a burbling, thick thing. “You built yourself a
“I was going to say
So when he next wakes, he takes it upon himself to laboriously sit up, inch himself to the edge of the bed, and find out if his feet still work.
The alpha is resting his chin on Tony’s shoulder, kissing a line up his neck. Tony bats him away. “Mechanical?” He prompts.
“Because when Tony was low, he wouldn’t talk to me. Same as you.”
Tony lets him go with a push. “Then you – you have to let me stop taking those pills.”
Sorry for making you wait a year, that was sucky.
He makes him lick the worst of it from the floor, too. He’s aware of what he must look like; there’s a pit, in his stomach, he wants both to believe that Steve is watching, and that he isn’t. By the time he’s finished, he’s almost disappointed to find that he’s been collecting Tony’s clothes, paying the omega licking the floor no mind.
He starts with the floors, mops them clean. The counters, too – hot water and vinegar, like his Mom taught him, although he hasn’t had to use it since. He gets under Nick’s feet trying to clean the table, and washes each dish, cup, and pot deeply, soaks them in bleach until the layer of grease that coats them sheds away.
Steve had known, objectively, that Tony was unwell. He had ben told that, he had prepared for it. He had thought…
He dresses by himself quickly, furtive. He pulls on his jacket. It hides the crumpled clothes, but does nothing for his scent, all fucked-out and dozy.
Steve leans forward, presses a small kiss to his cheekbone. “Do you ever think, maybe, you’ll not need to do that anymore?”
And again. And again.
Nick shocks him by knocking his knee against the cot. “Get up,” he says, brusquely. He drops a bag of tools on the end of the bed. “You need to fix the curtain. This place is damp enough already.”
“You could have what?
Tony was called to testify before Steve. He kept up the lie of being with Steve for two years but everything else he told was the absolute truth. He testified to having carnal knowledge that Steve was only attracted to males and did so with such a lecherous grin that made it Steve blush. His lawyers asked him about their relationship and about Steve. Tony got a wistful expression on his face and he said, “Steve is the most caring and nicest person I know. He would never do this. He wouldn’t even
cockblocked us.”
But…it was the only way.
? So soon?”
A hiatus of silence seemed to separate them even though neither of them moved but then Tony ran his hand over his mouth and muttered, “Fuck.”
“Stop fighting!” Peter screamed, stamping his feet. Everyone froze and slowly looked over to the little boy.
“It wasn’t Captain Rogers,” Rhodey said, trying to assure him.
Peter laughed and slipped out of bed. Wade was going to ask him what he was doing when all of a sudden…
He still couldn’t believe that he was here and touching him.
The love of his life was literally disappearing before his eyes and, despite all of Steve’s strengths, he couldn’t do anything to stop it.
“What happened?!” Howard demanded, returning to Tony’s side, beside Gabe.
Update! \o/
Peter smirked and said, “Like is such a small word when talking about my passion for the subject.”
“I’ll be ready for him, Pep…” He put his hand on the glass and repeated in a whisper, “I’ll be ready…”
She left the obvious unsaid. She couldn’t leave her home. All because the outside world finally figured out the connection between Peter and his father.
“I think that is the best reaction I have ever gotten from kissing someone,” Peter stated.
Tony’s eyebrows rose, out of his control. Did Steve really just agree? Mr. Conservative and Apple pie agreed to a homosexual relationship? Although it was a fake one, it was still a gay one! Tony clarified, “You’re alright with a fake,
,” she gasped.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve's hold knocked him out of his fix as he relaxed into his warm arms. Scotch had nothing on Steve. Steve was more than his friend,
Bucky kept a close eye on Steve like he always did but he also kept an equally close eye on Tony. Even though the journey was an easy one by a soldier’s standards, it was not so on the time traveler. As the days went on, he started to notice small changes in the man. He was getting thinner and moving slower. The change was gradual but, to those of them who were looking for it, to was glaringly obvious.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Tony gasped.
Memories came trickling back to him. The last thing he remembered was being swallowed by the same thing that had swallowed his son.
Tony only sobbed harder, burying his head onto Steve’s lap while the rest of his body splayed out across the ground.
He can do this.
“Really??” Peter gasped, sounding a little too excited. “It totally knocks you out??”
Annnnnndddd the angst and shocking cliffhangers continue!
“No, Solo!” Steve got to his feet and Solo scrambled backwards, creating more distance between them. Steve continued, “I’m not an alien, Solo. It’s just me! Ste-Che-Chewie,
“So easy to manipulate,” Schmidt said with a grin. “Say the words, Captain.”
“I’ll see you around, Peter,” Wade promised and lightly traced Peter’s jaw with his thumb. Goosebumps raised along Peter's skin and he stared at Wade almost captivated. Wade grinned one last time and slipped away as soon as his hand left Peter’s face.
They clear their throat. “Uh,” they cough “Mr Stark?”
“Emma was
Steve takes the gag out of the brown bag. He fiddles with the platinum clasp. “Do you want to make it up to me?” He asks.
“No! No, Jim, no, never like that. I don’t know what’s wrong, it’s — honestly it’s unlike him. I promise, these sort of episodes are so rare…”
Tony doesn’t like his history spread all around the place.
“Could you dial back, a moment, I’m still — “
They’re HYDRA. The doctors. He knows it. He tried to put together a suit made of bed sheets, but they thought it was a noose and took it away. He knows all the doctors are evil, HYDRA, he knows what they did to Bucky Barnes they’ll do it to him too if he’s not careful. He has to be on his guard. The doctor who asks him in the morning ‘how are you today?’ is probably the new Red Skull. His smile is too wide, his glasses fake, fake glasses with lasers imbedded, or a whole new system for analysing. Who knows what the earpiece is for, maybe it’s an AI, maybe it’s so he can give out commands. Tony tells him he’ll never break, he’ll never give away his secrets.
“Oh,” Tony mumbles. He rubs a spot above his left eyebrow with his shirt sleeve clenched in his fist. “She never mentioned…”
The kid sniffs. He draws his hand under his nose. “You ever seen Harry Potter?”
Steve gets Tony some books, and a new collar for Mosely. He didn’t want to be extravagant, not when that was something Tony used to love doing.
Tony braces his hands on the sink. He would explain it wasn’t Sarah’s fault, or Rhodey’s. That he understands they just want the best for him. But maybe the best is just him… going away. Everything would be simple then.
“And us?” Clint asks. “What about us?”
short chapter today just to kind of drag everything together, more actual plot coming up soon
“I don’t – think he’s not good company. I think what you see of him, for an hour of each day, is not the Tony – he can be difficult,” Steve gets out, eventually. “I don’t mean this to patronise him or you, but especially with something like seeing the graves. He’ll be angry, and upset. He’s better, but his moods can still go south. Miss Donnelly, I’m just trying to give you some warning that you’ll be responsible for him and, God, look there’s a very real chance he might try to step in front of a car.”
“You’ll hurt yourself,” Sarah says gently “stop that, Tony.”
Peter is screaming, kicking, clawing. “Bastard,
“Thanks,” he says, but his throat is thick. “Don’t wait up.”
It doesn’t kill him, not straight away – he gives a very feeble attempt at resistance with the side of his head bloody and a little squishy. His grip isn’t great, on account of the broken wrist. Tony kneels over his body, uses his right hand to hit him again, and again; the thuds are dull. Pierce doesn’t scream. Eventually, he’s staring up at him, blinking, mouth twitching slightly like a fish on a hook.
Tony nods, and then remembers Steve can’t see. “Yeah,” he says, licking his bottom lip. “I do.”
“She was on your side! Right? So I thought — she’ll know where he is. Look I didn’t want to bother you because I know you’re sick — “
Tony nods. “That makes sense,” he says, “I’m sure you’ll do good work there.”
Tony nods. Then: “maybe too many,” he blurts.
His feet feel so clumsy. He reaches down to grab at the picture but his hands are shaking so bad he can’t get a good grip, he thinks the man is laughing at him, and he might say something but it’s slurred and smeared to his ears. Sounds move slowly. “Get out of my way,” he hears himself beg, pushing past the bulk of the man, stumbling away from the wall.
“I agree,” Pierce says, and he nods. “Your father, he was a trailblazer in so many ways. And so regressive in others.”
Tony narrows his eyes. “You’d let him have me if that’s what he asked for, even if I went kicking and screaming.”
Tony feels the whole world spin again as Steve tugs him to his feet. They don't work, he feels himself stumbling, and the room lists to the side. "I'm gonna be sick." He says again.
After, he lies on the cot. Nick doesn’t mention the hair. He doesn’t really speak to him at all, which is fine, because Tony just wants to disappear. He faces the wall, all curled, thin blanket tucked tight around his limbs. He wonders why no one gives him a phone. He wonders when Steve will come. He wonders what he’ll say when he sees him, and runs through the infinite awful permutations of situations where Steve rejects him, or scorns him, or takes him apart with gentle concern. Or maybe, does none of that – maybe, he doesn’t come back at all. Agent 13, that pretty beta.
“From the Star? Sometime tonight, I thought.”
“After you,” Steve says politely, holding open a door.
“I’m picky,” Tony shoots back.
paying attention. Recently, when confronted with awful things – his brain doesn’t like it. Shuts off. Not always, never in combat, just – his cellphone is safe. The game of tetris he’s been playing on an off for the past week? Safe. Awful things happen every day, all across the world, he rationalises. Tonight, he’ll track the bastards down. He’ll neuter them before turning them in.
Tony blinks. He doesn’t care.
“It wasn’t like that,” he repeats, no longer sure. “I – this isn’t Killian. This isn’t like that, I was – I didn’t
“Yeah, well – I know what you’re getting at,” Tony tells him, regretfully. “I’m sorry. I don’t want to be the spearhead of whatever movement you’re brewing. Leave me out of it.”
Tony rolls his jaw. His clears his throat. “I’ll see you. Ten minutes.”
But then, Tony sees him, a figure across the bridge. He sees Tony, too; he must. But he doesn’t move.
Tony thinks, with an omegan sense of smug satisfaction. See how good he is for his alpha? The best. “You said, before – something about me reminding you of someone? You stopped yourself.”
The comforter smells so well-worn, almost musty. Tony inhales deeply, feels dust tickle the back of his throat; snorts a little, buries his head back into all the sheets. There are parts of him that just hurt so
“Let what go so far? Tony, tell me what you’re talking about.”
“I thought I left my watch,” Tony lies, blatantly, as if he hasn’t just been lying here with his legs spread, fucked out and dozy, watching the florescent lights. “Have you seen it?”
Pierce brushes lint from Tony’s shoulders. He straightens the collar threaded around his throat. Let’s talk psychology, he says, tucking an errant strand of hair neatly beneath the strap of the muzzle around the lower half of Tony’s face.
“Yes, Tony, until you’re better.”
“Yeah, it’s – it’s not far, I guess.”
“I’m telling you I didn’t, and she wouldn’t let me. At all. I mean — I cover medical bills, I always have. You’re still under team insurance, did you know that? The medication comes with it, so she wouldn’t buy that but… I don’t know. Apartments in New York are goldmines these days. Maybe she sold up. You could easily buy a place this far in the middle of nowhere with that kind of money.”
He can practically hear the furrow on Steve’s brow. “No,” he says, “it’s a gift. A Christmas present.”
Tony's eyes flick to Steve and then back down to his meal. "You know," he mumbles "sometimes it just happens, I mean -- " Tony sighs, putting down his toast "I panicked. I got a bit confused, I was still a little under... it's not big deal. You know I thought you were mad, and, and history tells me that if a dom tries to stop you leaving you're not in for a fun night. So, yeah. I flinched."
“D’ya think you’ll still love me by the time you’re done?” Tony teases.
“You know, though,” Pepper tells him, pointedly. “You always knew what you were going to do, how this was going to play out.”
“No, stop. You can’t ask me stuff like this anymore, you can’t — you shouldn’t have come here. Neither of you. You,” he says, glaring at Natasha “shouldn’t have given him hope.”
“Hmm,” Tony had hummed, gently pushing Steve’s hair back from his brow. “Until the day I die,” he sang.
“I’ll lend you some cash,” Tony says dully, because he’s rich again now. He can do things like that.
“Jesus, look, if you try to throttle me I’ll just have Jarvis – do something, I don’t know.” Tony sighs, sits himself at the foot of the bed. “You’ve got yourself all worked up,” he mumbles, and rests his hand on Steve’s knee.
“I know. Thanks, but – I know.”
“No! I – Jesus, Stark,” Steve looks bewildered, “I’m not saying he’s a bad man, but even good men – make mistakes. Misread things, do things they shouldn’t. Even if you asked… he should have known better.”
Steve exhales. "'Hit' is putting it lightly." He scoffs. "You rammed into the pavement from an 30,000ft drop."
Tony jumps, spins, and hastily turns down the heat. “Shit,” he mutters. “It is burnt.”
“Tony, I need you to stop thinking this has anything to do with you,” Steve tells him. “It’s on me, okay? I couldn’t handle you with other people, I couldn’t handle seeing you hurt, I couldn’t handle the thought of you in harm’s way. There’s no mystery, it’s not – I thought if I left, I could be better for you. Or that – you would realise you didn’t need me, or want me. Or even like me, really.”
Steve,” Tony says pointedly. “I will be there in
“Can I let you in on a secret?”
“What do you want with me?” The Captain asked, his voice still harsh from emotion.
Tony glanced back to the young man to see his reaction but to also gleam what Steve was seeing.
“And you’re here still because…” Peter grumbled.
“Maybe…” Tony murmured but he did not sound convinced.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve sat down with a heavy sigh and Tony stated, “You two are ridiculous and it is the best thing to watch.”
Steve upturned his left arm, beside Bucky’s, showing his own implant. He got a new one almost as soon as they had returned to the Tower. He felt uneasy without it.
Tony was laying on the floor, visibly shaking. Steve needed no other reason to rush past Cable and to Tony’s side.
“How can I help you?” Norman asked. The symbiote was there for a reason and Norman was not going to beat around the bush.
,” Steve pitifully gasped and squeezed Tony’s fists, Tony had yet to relinquish his grip on Steve’s shirt. Tony was trembling and his gaze was so stormy that he could not tell if it was from anger or fear. Steve glanced at the other two, the couple were staring at them with open curiosity. He turned back to Tony and whispered, “Look at you. Just yesterday you were so drunk you could barely stand on your own two feet. If just the knowledge that Peter could be saved would do this to you, then Peter here,
With that thought his mood soured…but only slightly. After tonight, he was reminded to not wallow in the past or what could have been. There was nothing they could do to stop the trial or change the fact that they did not start dating two years ago. The only thing that mattered was the present and Steve was presently very much in love with the man in his arms.
Steve bunched his brow together and asked, “Wh-What does that have to do with kissing me?? What are you trying to say?”
Overhearing them, Clint gasped, “Whoa, is this the kid they called you in for? Are we babysitting him now?”
“We are in
Tony cracked open his eyes and stiffly turned his neck to peer at the body curled into his side. It took him a moment to recognize his son.
“NAT! Please, not over the communicators!” Steve gasped, interrupting her. What was she doing?? He began to walk quickly, wanting to have a word in with the redhead in private. He quickly cleared the top of the hill and spotted the meeting point where the rest of the Avengers with the exception of Tony and Bruce were waiting.
“Hello,” he greeted Peter. “How are you?”
Harry flinched when his eyes landed on him. Harry clenched his fists and asked, “I’m sorry to disturb you, b-but can you come see something in m-my room?”
“Natasha?” Steve gasped, did he just mishear her or –?
“Stark, I was well within my rights to do all of that. I came in here with two warrants: one for the Captain and one for you.”
“Aw Peter, you were so cute,” Tony crooned.
Peter was small boy for his age and sat in his arms weighing barely over twenty pounds. The doctors had already told Steve he needed to add another ten pounds on his boy but it was a hard endeavor since Peter seemed to have inherited his fast metabolism.
“So you use your son as blackmail!?” Natasha demanded, drawing Steve back to the present.
Steve stood and carded his fingers into Tony’s, and, to Cable, he countered, “They sound boring.”
He was not attracted to Tony. Tony was a man.
Smirking, Peter murmured, “Keep going…”
He led them up a stairwell and then stopped her two levels down. He whispered, “The lab is through here.” She nodded and went to open the door but he stopped her. She looked at him questionably and he continued, “The technicians in there have a series of words they can say to immobilize me. We have to take them down as soon as possible.”
“’Throw my pillow at you,’” Steve quoted in a tease and Tony growled into his flesh. Steve chuckled as he closed his eyes and lay his head on top of Tony’s.
Tony suddenly started coughing up his coffee. Steve lightly pat his back and, between coughs, he gasped, “I’m fine…Went down…the wrong hole…”
May hissed sharply and Ben clenched his jaw.
Peter stared dumbly from his phone to his door, not knowing how to react.
Hello! Another hiatus has passed! Thank you for your patience. Due to the long length of this chapter, the holidays, and bout of writer's block (A whole new fic was born from this, check it out
And he'd been with Deadpool. Deadpool of all people!
Iron Man started to fly back to them, making Steve smile and he broke his eyes away from Tony to see who was trying to get his attention.
Gwen and Harry were the only people he would have wanted to spend his birthday with, with the exception of his Aunt May, but he knew that would not be happening anytime soon.
Pepper sat up sharply and gasped, “What!? Did they give a reason why?”
Tony's grin grew wider and he pulled Peter toward the team. His adoptive family all greeted him warmly and the feeling on Peter's jaw went away.
Steve glanced down at his son. Peter’s face and hands were covered in pink syrup from the melted ice cream. His eyes were dancing with joy as he devoured the last of the cold cream.
Wade nodded madly, glad to escape Cap’s ire. He quickly scrambled to his feet and ran inside.
As he got closer to where he guessed the car was, the reporters became more frantic. They began to pull at his arms and tug on his clothing. Steve gritted his teeth as he fought the urge to slug the people grabbing at him.
“Oh…” Peter paled and he uncomfortably scratched the top of his head. He cleared his throat and said, “I thought Tony would have told you…I’m Spider-Man.”
Tony looked away from the papers and to Steve. His stomach twisted disagreeably as he watched the Super Soldier’s expression become paler and more unpleasantly, unreadable.
But when he felt the searing pain in his neck, he immediately knew they found him and he was in trouble.
They broke apart only to breathe but, even then, their eyes speared into each other’s gazes with such intensity that Tony felt his knees shudder.
“You heard Deadpool-,” Tony tried to defend himself.
Tony glanced at Steve speculatively and Steve shrugged. It’d probably make sense in the future.
“He is checking in on Master Barnes,” Jarvis replied and Tony released a deep breath that he had not realized he had been holding. He was not too late.
“It’s adult tickling,” Tony explained with a smirk and Steve bit back a groan. Peter’s brows pinched together and a confounded expression crossed his face.
World War II nonetheless. Metals like iron and aluminum had to be rationed during the war so how in the hell did he get so much Vibranium??
He was going to survive.
"Sorry about your mom, she did love Richard and didn't love me"...i.e. she slept around which, no, so not true but Peter would totally read it that way.
Tony leaned in closer and joked in a whisper, “Yes, our romantic, erotic, secretive history.”
He looked absolutely ridiculous and did not imagine looking like this when he saw Tony again but…when he crashed his plane, he didn’t think he was going to be seeing anyone ever again.
Steve stared at him with an unreadable expression as he absorbed Tony’s statement and then he stated, “It’s mine. Isn’t it?”
His AI’s prime directive was to protect Tony and being in the past put Tony at risk 24/7 so Jarvis’s protective instincts were at an all-time high.
I have changed the rating from T to M.
“You’re fighting commando, my Howling Commando,” Tony stated, smiling at the irony.
Steve had caught a glimpse of the picture and knew it was one of the newer ones. Peter was in Steve’s arms and was playing with his Iron Man action figure. It had been one of the first toys Tony had given him and Tony took a photo as Peter enthusiastically played with it in Steve’s arms.
Their host, Mars? No, Marston. He was supposedly one of the most watched talk show hosts in the country and one of the more open minded ones. Steve had never heard of him but apparently Tony had been on the show several times over the decades and they were great friends.
Dr. Pavlov’s eyes widened in surprise and he asked, “With the U.S.? Was it a military plane?”
Peter ignored him and his uncle tried to jump in his way but Peter jumped even higher and flew right over him. He followed his nose to the center of the blast and ignored his uncle’s cries.
Natasha’s glare turned on Bucky and she hissed, “I learned not to trust so easily long ago…”
“We are most likely going to meet hostiles. I need you to be able to fight,” she stated, dropping the gun in his hands. “And you’re the best with a gun.”
He jolted to a stop in the hall when he saw Natasha standing outside of his workshop. She had her head tilted toward the door and was obviously listening in. His eyes immediately went to her neck. The bruises were now greenish with yellowing edges. He guiltily looked away and met her perceptive eyes.
Natasha and Bucky faced off and began to circle one another. For a few tense moments, they only looked at each other. Then Bucky’s finger twitched and they flew at each other in a blink of an eye.
Peter held onto him firmly and gasped, “Y-You’re so tight.”
“I am fine,” Steve stated, ignoring his aching wounds. His headache was no longer the monster it was yesterday and was easily ignored so he considered himself a million times better. Steve stated, “I’m willing to sign the form stating I’m leaving against medical advice.” He had already signed it a number of times since working with SHIELD.
“Why should we care what they think in the first place,” Steve said with a frown.
Tony was obnoxiously playing a song over the communicator that kept repeating “Another one bites the dust” and was mostly fighting on his own. He didn’t follow Steve’s directions or commands and, as such, got in the way. By the end of the battle, they were both sniping at each other over the coms.
“Alright,” Steve agreed, putting his hand over Tony’s. He nodded to Marcel and Steve and Tony stepped away, going to the coffee cart.
Steve could feel his eyes heating as he stared down at this frail version of the man he so loved. What was worse though was he did not know where the upset was coming from. Was it because Tony was wasting away or that he had let Bucky die?...Or maybe it was both...
Howard couldn’t meet her gaze as he added, “You should get your own apartment too. If you continue to live with me then you’ll be at risk too.”
!” Hawkeye shrieked.
When he glanced up from his phone, he saw Eddie watching him. Peter went back to their workstation and, when he was close enough, Eddie asked Peter, “Was that the guy from the fair? I thought you were pulling my leg. Are you really dating him?”
Steve’s mind instantly focused on the groan and provided scenarios in which Tony could make those noises. Steve’s flush deepened and he looked at the mossy ground to avoid Tony’s eyes.
“Of what?”
“Very well, Sir.”
They went down the hall to rejoin the rest of the team. Clint had his bow drawn and was eyeing a group of the surviving captive Hydra agents. Hulk held the Red Skull, just like he had when they had captured Barnes. Schmidt hung limply in his arms but venomously glared at them as they entered. His glare narrowed when he saw Steve and Natasha were alive.
Tony gave a few tugs at Steve's space suit, revealing a bit of his chest but he became too impatient and his hands went right to his ass and squeezed his favorite American National Monument.
“Thanks, beloved,” Tony deadpanned, making Steve chuckle again.
Tony was on the closest thing to a bed in weeks and he was using all of his will not to sink into the bed and sleep.
“I'm fine,” Peter stubbornly promised.
“A-And now?” Steve gasped. What would this machine, blessed by emotions, but ruled by logic say? Would she ridicule his beliefs…his hopes?
Bruce’s easy smile dropped and he picked his glasses off his nose to rub the lenses with the edge of his shirt. He murmured, “He went straight to his workshop and has not left since last night. I saw him before he went in. He did not look good…”
He crumpled to the floor and visualized their relationship crumbling before his eyes.
…hem, which is – ugh – this Saturday…”
“It’s someone from Hydra,” Clint interjected.
“He’s fine now, I cured him with
I am abusing my cliff-hanger powers, I fear every chapter may end thus...
– before involving my father. What’s worse, you knew we had a rocky relationship and – and you forced him upon me! The way he looks at me…his excitement…it hurts because I know it’s not the man he will be with me. I am reliving so much of my miserable childhood and I can’t reveal how much of a bad dad he was because he’s so excited to see the man I’ll become!” The words rushed out of him so fast in the end that he had to gasp for breath. He couldn’t say anything to Howard, but he didn’t keep anything from Steve except…except that fact that he and Bucky were going to die soon.
He cut the connection before Coulson could reply and jumped on the access pad. As he walked across it, the suit was assembled around him and he was in the air in less than a minute. His heart was racing as he imagined finally meeting the man who had once been his childhood hero.
. Actually, I think this week has been one of the best of my life.”
Once Tony was gone, the responsibility of the future would be in their hands…
“I’m not–
need to give me flowers or any more chocolates. All I need and want is you and you give me more than enough of yourself everyday…”
“That will make your eyes sting,” Tony commented, when he saw the suds on Steve’s fingertips. The water soaked Steve, washing over his head and into his face.
“Send me back and then destroy this thing,” Tony hissed.
When Tony was done, he sat up and groaned when his lower back muscles protested the move. He then grabbed a banana and asked Pepper, “Do we still have SHIELD people upstairs?”
Steve lifted his head and Tony moved his hand with him, ultimately resting his hand on the side of his face. Steve looked at Tony with sad and confused eyes. It looked worse with the shower water running down his face, imitating tears.
This series might be done but I am not done writing! I already have two more fics in mind: a Steve/Tony Fake Boyfriends AU called The Cover and a Steve/Bucky Soul mate AU called One Soul. Both I came up with while writing Warm! :3
Steve rolled his eyes and said, “No comment.”
“Oh Captain, my Captain, why don’t you have a wholesome wife yet? You are just oozing responsibility! Ladies love that!” Tony gasped in mockery.
…was like him.
“They are in California! We can still root for them from across the country,” Steve reasoned stubbornly.
“And what would that be...?” Norman dawdled.
Finally, Tony whispered harshly, “It’s stuck.”
Natasha turned to Bucky with a smirk and replied, “I found it last Monday. You’re getting sloppy, boss.”
“No, you have to delete that!” Steve gasped, reaching for the phone.
Steve groaned louder and his blush deepened.
Now...I know what you're thinking, what's going on with Bucky and Nat??? Well this series will have two more parts (maybe three...) so the tension between these two will eventually be resolved!
His brows pinched together tightly as he held back more tears and Tony gasped, “I love you so much.”
Tony stepped back and tore the gloves off Steve’s hands then rubbed his hands with his. Collecting both of his hands, Tony brought them up to his mouth and exhaled heavily onto them. His breath spread warmth across his skin and made Steve’s heart race and a flush cross his cheeks.
Natasha grabbed him by the scruff of his neck and dragged him back into the room. Clint muffled a snicker as she hauled him past the TV and to the door Clint had entered. Tony pushed at her hold but the woman was too strong for him.
“Hear, hear,” Clint tiredly sighed in agreement.
Tony’s lab had been broken into and his door had been blown off its hinges. Bruce and Peter did not her any explosions but Peter thought he might have heard someone laughing.
Bucky smiled the best he could in answer.
There was a collective chuckle around the studio and it eased some of Peter’s nerves.
Steve held off his morning run in favor of watching the monitors with Cable and hypothesizing with him as to why Steve was disappearing now in the photo.
Steve flushed, they never really talked about it. He slowly murmured, “…Well we were best friends for a long time –
Initially, when they had to decide where they were going to send Peter to kindergarten they suddenly found they had a choice.
Peter smiled to himself at the thought and only a slight blush gave away what he was thinking about.
Steve smiled at him but, internally, his heart was hammering a mile a minute and all his mind could say on repeat at that moment was:
Bruce spread open the damaged material and hissed with excitement. Steve pulled back the tough leather and looked himself.
His mind kept wandering but he forced himself to focus. He needed to be all there for the current situation. He wanted his parents and Wade to get along and it has gone off with a disastrous start.
At least when he was held captive by the Ten Rings, he had a way to fight back…he couldn’t do anything now. There was no way he would survive unless Obadiah or this manic stranger came back and returned the reactors and he highly doubted that would happen.
“Sir, Captain Rogers has made it home.”
Wade sat up straighter when he saw him and excitedly waved, “
Steve cackled and tried to smother it. Tony laughed with him and then teased, “I am going to tell everyone how much you love it.”
,” he repeated under his breath with the English inflection of the holy name.
Eddie appeared and was standing in front of him with big eyes. He gasped, “What did you do?”
Century and I need your help getting back.”
“Would it be unsanitary to clean the rest of this particular area with my mouth?” Tony asked, his finger caressing the base of Steve’s cock drawing a groan from Steve. “What do you think, Steve? Should I stick with the towel or go with my mouth?”
“We need to get this perfect!” Tony reasoned, “We can’t just announce we’re dating out of the blue!
! And now I am going to have to come up with new vows
“Cue sappy music,” Clint snorted.
For a second, Steve reflected on the moment he learned about his son’s healing factor, only hours prior.
Tony was probably going to see a lot of that in the coming days…
“Good Old’ TGI Fridays showed me the way,” Wade replied slowly meandering around the lab and getting closer to Peter.
“But, it was by your hand,” she retorted. The Soldier’s hand shot to his sidearm and Natasha immediately reached behind her where her gun was hidden. They both froze and stared tensely at each other.
“Touch me, Steve,” Tony groaned into his mouth. Steve had been growing bolder since their first kiss but this was the first time their erections had come into contact like this. And,
She glided over to them and crooned, “Oh, my precious, inaccessible soul…you should have died so many times today and you only notice me now?”
Peter froze and waited for Venom to drag them after their next victim but they did not move. Peter cautiously shifted and Venom let him. Peter dropped his arms and the symbiote did not restrict him. To test his luck, he suddenly dashed a few feet down the tunnel but was unhindered.
“We barely interacted since we left here yesterday, Stark,” Bucky stated. “And when we did communicate it was to discuss tactics and strategies.”
Ultron was lightly humming "Let it Go" from
And, as with the last chapter, more events from The Winter Soldier here but there is a lot of canon divergence as I will continue to play with timelines, plot, characters, and the boys' emotions! :D
“…Your father?” Was the machine speaking of its creator?
It made no reply. Did that mean the symbiote couldn’t replicate his voice?
Steve sat beside him and directed the conversation away from the big predicament that was their relationship between them as he stated, “I
Venom caught the projectile and Peter grinned. Nothing could stop him.
Norman’s eyes flashed with anger and he growled, “I would never hurt him…” His gaze became calculating again and he grinned. “But Captain, I think I just found your Achilles’ heel. I promise not to tell any of your
Tony could stare at it all day.
Playing along, Steve mockingly groaned and said, “I take it back. Get Bucky in here.”
“I need to hear you say that today is about us and only us,” Steve whispered, his lips were teasing the corner of Tony’s mouth.
He was breathing and unconscious but
Bucky shook his head and Natasha said, “No.”
“Nothing can replicate the power!” The agent retorted and Tony groaned with frustration. This was starting to not be funny. Was he going to do like Marty McFly have to wait for a figurative lightning bolt to power this thing too? His only real chance lay with the Tesseract but it was in the Red Skull’s hands and he knew of only one instance where the Tesseract would be in hand he wasn’t really down for being there when Cap dies. Tony wished he had paid more attention to his father’s stories, maybe then he would remember more instances where the Tesseract was involved.
Until SHIELD made a fatal mistake.
Captain Rogers led him back to where the time machine was.
“It’s alright to cry, Tony,” she whispered with a voice pinched with pain.
In their afterglow, they lay shoulder-to-shoulder as their breathing returned to normal. Steve carded his fingers into Tony’s and then brought his husband’s hand up to his mouth and kissed his knuckles.
“ENOUGH!” Ultron yelled, “I AM NO MERE THREAT! I AM ULTRON! I –!”
Ugh, he looked younger. Tony ran his fingers along his chin with a frown. How long would it take to regrow his goatee?
His son spent the first two years of his life in a Hydra lab being experimented on. Steve wished almost daily that SHIELD had found Peter's mother before she gave birth to have saved her life and spared Peter. Steve was supposed to be a superhero but, with all his strength, he could not save Peter from the emotional scars he had received.
Tony’s surprise lasted a second and then he nearly chided himself. Thor wasn’t just a goofy guy who loved poptarts and infomercials, he was a master tactician like Steve. He had fought and led in hundreds of battles and was even more experienced than Steve. It was a good plan. It was their only plan…but it could work, except…he didn’t wholly trust Barnes, especially with Steve’s life.
“No!” Tony gasped, “Why are you trying to deny this??”
“I’m so glad you could come!” Steve gasped. Bucky liked to spend most of his time by himself in the gym or in the library. He had yet to regain all of his memories, though he liked to reminisce with Steve or he went to him when he had a question about something he did not understand. He usually liked to avoid gatherings of three or more and only rarely joined the Avengers for their movie night.
Steve held out his hand to the shaking archer and said, “Let me.” Tony opened a hologram right there at the table and started to trace the phone. From the corner of his eye, he watched Steve as he took the phone.
Steve instantly fisted the mattress, digging his fingers deeper inside the mattress as Tony’s finger stretched him and touched him where he never been touched before.
“That explains the taco breath,” Peter teased.
Bruce nodded and did as he asked. Brock’s face became more illuminated as multiple screens opened up in front of him.
Steve lightly caressed Tony’s cheek and whispered, “I love you too.”
“I’m a no-fly zone, per say…but if Stark or any of his people ask, we’re with you,” Cable murmured. “In fact, tell them this one died in the blast,” Cable said, nodding to Steve. “Call him Steven Edwards and leave it at that.”
“But you
going to love it.”
As I stated before, Steve and Tony will end up together but Steve needs to hash out what these news feelings. Yes, there is going to be hurt on all sides, yes there is going to be betrayal, and yes there is going to be soooo much angst BUT it needs to be done, otherwise years down the line Steve will think "What if..." and I don't want that.
“We’re hugging and leaning side to side,” Steve replied dryly but his smile remained. The dancing was nice and created a bubbly, happy feeling within him.
The other two agents already had their guns up and fired at him. The suit grabbed him across his chest twisted Tony behind it while returning fire from the blasters. Tony hissed when a bullet clipped him just above his hip but the agents weren’t so lucky. All were wearing matching burns to their heads and chests from where Jarvis hit him.
Peter rolled his eyes and actually felt some humor brush through the terror and fragile patchwork of calm he had buildup to subdue Venom. He gasped, “Of course!”
Steve’s heart seized with worry, but Bucky assured them both, “You probably have a concussion. That’s normal.”
“It was the Shadow So-,” Bucky started to say.
Howard whistled, clearly impressed. He asked, “Which of us came up with this?”
But Bucky hit it again and the blue light flickered for a second and Howard paused in reaching out to him. With his heart in his throat, Bucky hit it again and the light returned.
“Sir, your son has left the premises in his Spider-Man uniform,” Friday announced.
“Oh God, we did, didn’t we?” Steve gasped, burying his face into one of his hands. Tony threw back his head and laughed and Steve watched him with an amused smile and then looked to his son, who was looking at the both of them with an exasperated grin.
He was grateful to be able to share in Tony’s dreams but…but he still selfishly wished they could have had more.
“Who do you think hired that guy to impersonate Steve?” Sam asked, stepping next to Steve and Tony.
Tony suddenly leaned into his side and his warmth seeped into Steve’s arm. Steve flinched then relaxed and peered questionably at Tony.
Tony was the next to come to his side. He landed next to Steve in his Iron Man suit then wobbled and fell to his knees. The suit opened and Tony fell out, landing on his hands. Tony’s face was as grey as ash and when he met Steve’s eyes Steve saw the same desolation in the black pits of his irises that mirrored his own.
“…You wouldn’t happen to remember a Steven Edwards, would you?” Steve ironically asked, his voice muffled by Tony's skin and tight throat.
Natasha smiled thinly and replied, “Don’t worry, he fell asleep as soon as he was in my arms.”
Was Steve even alive when the Soldier carried him off?
“And Venom?” Thor asked. Steve looked to Hulk’s hunched form. He had pinned Venom down and the symbiote was shrieking at him.
He was home. It was New York but it was the New York he’d seen through Tony’s eyes.
Maybe God did not hate him as much as he thought.
Tony reached down and grasped Steve’s length too, making Steve hiss into Tony’s mouth. Then Tony held both of their cocks together and began to rub. Steve pressed his face into Tony’s neck as he was momentarily overwhelmed with the sensation. Once he got enough of his senses back, he joined his hand with Tony’s and pressed his forehead to Tony’s, so they were staring at each other as they made one another come.
Steve shook him off, muffling a laugh, and admonished, “
“I don’t know much about the science about it,” Steve said with a laugh. “But it protects Peter and it’s made from his DNA and some other chemical things.”
Peter pulled himself out of Steve’s embrace and looked down at him with an extreme look of concentration. He suddenly puffed his cheeks, went cross-eyed, and stuck his tongue out at Steve.
– and Tony had to stop that monster before it could hurt his son anymore.
The past had been severely altered and – and…
He did not know why Bucky saved him, nonetheless, kissed him. And he did not know where Bucky was or if he was a danger to anyone.
“I’m still really pissed at you,” Tony stated but he grasped Steve’s hand and carded his fingers with Steve’s.
Tony looked even more worried now and Peter realized he had stopped eating and turned his head to the front of the house to hear the reporters better. He was starting to feel queasy and murmured, “I don’t think I can eat anymore.”
Bruce explained, “It happened last night. SHIELD sent me footage maybe an hour ago.” He opened another tab and a black rectangular box appeared with the sideways triangular symbol for play waiting to be pressed. Bruce pressed it without pause.
The shield was cold, burning cold, and it bit through his numb fingers and was forcing more cold into him that spread and burned like venom. He quickly clipped his shield onto his back and shook his hand to get rid of the painful feeling. More cold sunk into the flesh of his back but it was not as painful as the first initial touch.
“We’re going to drown the media in so much lovey-dovey moments that it’ll be impossible for them to assume we are anything but in love,” Tony confidently stated and Steve did not doubt him.
“But Ripley…with guns…and running around in her underwear,” Wade pouted.
But they were too late.
Gibbons saluted him and said, “Alright, Cap.”
“Yes to all of those,” Tony replied easily. He didn’t even have to think it over. He wanted all of those things with Steve too.
“Can you honestly tell me that damn big heart of yours feels full from all of us alone? That you don’t crave love, especially when you see me flirt with a pretty dame or listen to the guys talk about their sweethearts back home?”
Eventually, Tony caught his breath and he pushed himself out of Steve’s arms and angrily yelled, “YOU WERE DEAD!”
His hands seized in surprise on Tony’s hips but he did not let him go. He gradually lifted his gaze and met Tony’s eyes.
Instead of acknowledging the pet name, Peter replied: ‘They both call each other “babe” a lot but my Dad calls Steve “Beloved” sometimes and Steve says “Honey.”’
The Goblin stepped out of the light, in full goblin form, and smiling with large spiked teeth. He held his hand up and looked at the time glove, murmuring, “Right on time.”
When he was testing his ability to move, the Red Skull entered his cell flanked by two of his masked agents.
From his place on the floor, Peter’s head snapped up sharply upon his exclamation. He narrowed his eyes at his father. He knew Steve had said a ‘bad’ word. Steve shot Peter an apologetic look as he pulled out his cell phone.
Jarvis displayed them without his having to answer. Images were projected from one of Jarvis’s cameras on to the wall opposite where they were sitting. All of the images were from the graduation and all of them centered on a single person. Tony gripped Steve’s hand harder as he saw his son for the first time in his life. He was pale and lanky like Tony and had Tony’s dark hair and Tony’s hazel eyes and Tony’s sly grin.
Natasha made no move to stop him. His brainwashing was so deep that he couldn’t help it even if he personally did not want to.
Tony also continued Steve's education of sex and Steve's knowledge grew. His body learned new sensations and, in turn, he learned how to give erotic touches back and make Tony moan with abandon. His virgin inexperience evolved into a self-assured intimacy. Sex originally made him uneasy because he never knew what to expect but Tony helped him learn to be excited by it and it brought him closer to his boyfriend in ways he never could have imagined.
Even though his implant was zeroed and no longer connected him to Steve, he couldn’t stop touching it.
“I don’t want to lie…” Steve mumbled, turning his attention back to the screen.
The cut stung slightly from the touch but he didn't really feel it. Tony only really noticed that Steve's thumb was now touching the corner of his mouth. It'd be so easy to playfully bite it. Steve's fingers lingered and Tony's eyes were drawn back to his blue gaze.
“Is that a good idea?”
“And Barnes?” Tony asks. “If I told you to send him away?”
“I didn’t convince him. I told him the truth, it’s a good idea. Better for him,” he clarifies.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, nutrition, for starters. This place does food better than any restaurant I’ve been to, Tony. Look, there’s even chocolate cake.”
But he can’t stop. This goes on until his throat bleeds and colours swirl from lack of air. Things happen, he knows. Talking, shouting. A car ride and pills. Dark and light. Eventually he feels himself quieten, withdraw. Numb. That was his last chance, he thinks. He’ll never be left alone again, not after that.
“You said you didn’t want to – that you weren’t ready. To be physical.”
“Steve,” Thor says. He grips his shoulder. “We must,” he says.
Gus fixes him with a stare. “I’m about to die, Captain. Please be nice.”
“Sure. Or if you want to be central, a nice apartment. Wait — where are we moving?”
Steve is smiling at him.
Steve’s pupils are blown. He tips his head to the side, uncomprehending. Tony realises, this isn’t Steve. The anger has swallowed him up, burrowed into his head, and now – now –
“I didn’t realise you were wearing pretty panties now,” Steve says, voice strangely level, calm, and that just – does something, to Tony. That matter-of-fact tone. “Last time I checked, you were still on white briefs.”
he snarls, and he bats Tony away, pushes his head into the pillow. Except he uses the flat side of his palm, and although it probably isn’t meant to be a beating it feels like a slap.
