Steve pouted and answered his friend with his middle finger. "I wish!" He mumbled, still very conscious that he still hadn't presented and that his cherry was very unlikely going to be popped any time soon. "We're just helping each other on our school assignments."
Steve gives him more, mouth still going up and down his shaft, he pushes a fourth finger and can reach further inside him. He splays them, rolls them inside, brushes the wall with the softest touches. It's not enough and Steve
"Oh, I think I had to give him pretty heavy hints." Betty explained excitedly. "And even then, nothing. It's only when I invited him over for dinner that my feelings finally got through him. He only realized it wasn't work-related when I brought a pink heart-shaped cake to share for dessert and gave him a rose, though. I had to take my kiss myself!" She laughed wholeheartedly, eyes sparkling with love. "You should have seen the look on his face! I was scared I had made a monumental mistake but I guess things turned out all right in the end. I regret nothing." She squeezed his hand in hers and kissed him on the cheek lovingly.
It is amazing for so many different reasons. First, it allows each of them alone time with Alpha. Secondly Bucky can enjoy himself fully, without having a lingering worry nagging at the back of his mind because he trusts his fellow omega with Felicia better than he trusts himself. Thirdly, having moments of clarity like this, sweet and soft moments during which he can reconnect with his daughter, know that she's there, that she's safe, that they are a family, makes spending his heat with the alpha and the omega during the night all the more meaningful and deep.
"Yeah, I can't trust that." Steve replies jokingly. "You'd fuck about anything even remotely looking like a human."
Tony's expression softened. "You sure?" He asked worriedly, a glimpse of shame flashing through his eyes. "I mean—"
"Yes, I do." Steve replied in a choked whisper, inaudible even to himself. He straightened up on his knees and firmly grabbed his boyfriend's ass, drawing a sexy, wanting moan out of him, and started licking slowly the underside of his cock with the tip of his tongue right to the top of the head. Tony gasped and lost balance. He caught himself on the wall, hands splayed wide on the wet tiles, while Steve swallowed the head of his cock and teasingly grazed the underside of it with his teeth. He sucked his cock, slowly, softly, relishing in the way Tony's body responded so earnestly. He was rock-hard too, incidentally, but that didn't matter at the moment. Only Tony mattered. Only pleasuring him was important to Steve right now and he took a sadistic pleasure to bring him slowly to the edge, until his moaned and shivered from head to toe, and slow down, to make it last. He slid his mouth along the shaft softly but surely until the head touched the back of his throat and then he pushed further, slowly deep-throating himself on Tony's hard rod. This was something he had learnt to do with Tony. It wasn't something he craved for, not like Tony did, but he didn't mind doing it and he knew his boyfriend loved it. So he swallowed the entire length of his boyfriend's cock and moaned around lewdly, aroused by the knowledge that Tony would love it.
Tony chuckles and breaks away from the warmth of Clint's embrace. He wipes his face with his two hands.
Clint rolls on the side and gets closer to Tony, looking interested. "Never been double-fucked?" He asks innocently. "You should try it, it's nice. Pretty sure Steve would love it."
Tony shuddered. "I feel like shit." He rasped out in a strangled sob. His hold around Steve was strong however. Steve kissed him again and tangled his fingers in his hair, in soft caresses.
"How did you two meet?" Clint asked while taking a sip of his wine.
Tony is bonded.
Steve was everything Tony ever wanted and he loved him more than his own life. He still does.
They do it again, and then they switch roles and try new things, exploring every thing they didn't have the chance to before. Steve wants to take as much of Tony as he can before his boyfriend leaves for Boston.
His face was burning when he stammered a "th—thank you."
Tony's eyes flared open and something forlorn flashed through them. Something that made Steve's heart sank in his chest. Tony remained silent for a moment, lost, confused, speechless. "When I'm with you I am." He finally said in a choked out whisper and then he curled his arms around Steve protectively, surrounding him with his warmth. "You make me happy. Everyday when I wake up next to you, I am."
"I don't
that I buy your art, or help with your career, but you're fine with
to come you know."
"What?" He exclaimed, looking slightly outraged, to be honest. "No!"
When their hearts were beating steadily again, Steve somehow slumped down on some kind of armchair that happened to be around. Tony, without ever letting go of him, knelt down next to him, head buried on his lap and arms clutching his waist. Steve's fingers were running through his scruffy hair, lingering there.
Even if that hurt a little sometimes.
"What for? I don't need rent money. You pay for all my expenses! I basically save up my entire salary each month. Which is really decent, by the way, babe. For people who live in the real world..."
They belong to
"Are Iron Man's longtime addictions with alcohol referring to your boyfriend's past and/or current ones?
"I think I'm still a little depressed. I definitely need another one."
It was a studio. An actual art studio, with everything Steve could ever need. The design was perfect and the lights as well and the view... the view was outstanding, even better than the one in Tony's room. Steve's heart made a leap in his chest. He felt it clench and something roiled inside suddenly. He touched the furnitures and the supplies with trembling hands, fingers hovering the materials.
Steve felt suddenly overwhelmed by a wave of despair. He dropped his head in his hands as a cold shiver ran up his body. "Tony, wait!" He shouted.
Tony unconsciously raises his eyes and meets the impish sparkles in his grayish blues, scintillating through his brown that falls over-sensually onto his forehead. James's smile is playful and his mouth in curled up higher on one side, forming a cute dimple on his cheek. He is walking straight over to him and for a split second, Tony feels like a wolf is about to jump on him and bite his neck. The two omega scents mingle into something aggressive and enrapturing. Both scary and dizzying at the same time. James rushes to him and brush his shoulders against Tony's, marking him with his own scent. Then, he nuzzles into his neck, softly, affectionately, and kisses his daughter's forehead. Tony wants to curl his arm around his waist and hold him tight against him but he refrains because Steve is staring at them, a fond smile on his lips and tenderness in his burning eyes. Something clenches in Tony's chest.
Tony was sort of animalistic but not forceful in any way. He had cupped his face delicately and brushed his lips with his, breathing into his mouth for a split hesitating second before he pressed them against Steve's. The kiss was surreptitious and as soon as Tony's lips had touched Steve's he moved away and huddled against the door guiltily. His breathing hitched and Steve heard him hesitate, his own heart beating so hard he could feel it in his temples.
"You're not going..." Howard repeated skeptically, arms still crossed. He didn't move but his body was tense and Tony could see the anger flaring in his eyes.
Steve ignored him and shrugged again, focusing on sorting his art supplies. "Well, now you do..."
for you, Steve!
Tony whined again and slumped on the bed. Picking up the book Steve had left on his bedside table. "Let me rest for a bit. I've been good, haven't I? I think I deserve my reward now."
"You're pouting." Bucky exclaimed.
"Are we already on middle-name basis now?" New guy said while raising a suspicious eyebrow.
Steve let out a surprised chuckle. "Are you fucking serious?"
He looked at his board and realized he hadn't finished a quarter of what he had planned to do today. He had been distracted and now he was painfully behind schedule. He really didn't need another distraction but he was
Tony squeezed his hand and snorted, looking down in embarrassment and as they kept walking, he tugged on Steve's arm abruptly to make him lose balance and fall into his embrace. He grabbed his neck and curled his hand around it, cupping his jaw and tugging his chin upward to give him the most loving and languorous kiss ever, blowing warm minty breath over his cold nose. "I love you," he whispered, looking down into his eyes with a proud grin. His hold was strong and possessive.
"People are smoking cigars in here." Tony notices astoundedly.
There it was, the most humiliating thing that Tony could ever do to Steve in front of his co-workers. He stumbled, feeling hot and red as a beetroot,  Everyone was as startled as Steve had been however and they could only hear a few embarrassed chuckles around them before everyone got back to what they were supposed to do, being work, lunch break or simply get out of their way.
It was too late now.
Tony was exhausting himself trying to justify the unjustifiable. He couldn't blame his boyfriend for being mad. He had nothing to say for himself, truly nothing. He just... He had been counting on Steve's usually patient and forgiving nature a little, hoping he wouldn't have to fight for the third time today, but Steve didn't seem to be inclined to show him either. Who could blame him? Certainly not Tony.
Peace and quiet.
I don't know, interesting. So I started wondering about him, like... what kind of life he had, if he was a student... What would he be studying then? He had such beautiful hands, I noticed, and such a thin figure but such a bold and serious expression. I wondered what kind of hobby he had and if he was gay or just bi-curious, if he had a boyfriend, the kind of things he liked... You know, he was earnest and so
home had ever been comforting.
. He had no wish to get close to this guy and be reminded how short he was when standing next to him.
Tony remained silent. Speechless. "I just wanna make him happy." He finally said.
He didn't have the heart to go to the backrooms yet so he staggered to the dance floor. He wasn't walking straight, maybe he stumbled once or twice. It didn't matter, it was crowded enough that Tony wouldn't fall, only bump into warm, sweaty chests with heady smells. Tony could only see that as a positive thing and, on the plus side, a great opportunity for nice encounters.
Steve snorted and climbed down his lap. "Keep your eyes closed!" He ordered and headed for the kitchen where they had left their lunch. He picked up the box of chocolate he had bought from Tony's favorite handmade chocolate shop to celebrate his official moving out and took his favorite one from it, dark chocolate stuffed with lemon caramel. He tried to be as silent and discreet as he could, throwing a quick glance to check if his boyfriend still behaved. He had opened his eyes, Steve thought, but he wasn't looking in his direction, he seemed to be staring at the ceiling instead, lost in his thought.
Tony stops just when they are about to do it and stares into Steve's eyes, silently asking for consent,
"Yeah well, it's more like... one alpha but, it's not like I
Steve straightened up on shaky legs, a little shaken by the whole thing. He watched his boyfriend's back walking away from him with a growing uneasiness settling in his heart. "'m gonna take a shower." Tony grumbled.
Not the same thing."
It's not only mental or physical pain. It's not like what he has been experiencing for years. It has nothing to do with how Hydra broke him and destroyed him to the core. It's more than that. It's deeper. It's his entire being, body and soul, that suffers.
He wiped his mouth and tried to look at Steve. He wished he could speak but his throat hurt too much. Steve looked sad, and worried, and Tony hated that look on Steve.
his fault if Tony hasn't bitten either of them. Tony has tried to bond with him for years... It was one rejection too many.
Bucky hadn't known he could feel that way about someone other than Steve but over the months during which they shared everything, and with the inevitable connection they have through their pup, his feelings have grown, despite himself.
Steve finally comes back from his mission.
Steve frowned and pouted, the last thing he wanted was for the entire floor to know he had shagged his boyfriend during his lunch break at the office, just a matter of principle. But Tony straightened up, both hands clutched on the shelves on each side of Steve's head, imprisoning him. His eyes stared intensely into Steve's and his smile was dangerous. Steve's heart skipped a beat. He looked away, focusing on the manly shape of his jaw and the wet pink of his bottom lip. Mostly he tried to avoid the intensity in Tony's eyes but he kept being drawn to them. He unconsciously slipped his hands on each side of him, underneath his jacket, and curled his arms around his waist. His brain wanted Tony to leave but the rest of his person wanted something else entirely. He was conflicted. And hard. And unable to think straight anyway. He repressed a whine.
He thinks they've been at it all afternoon, unable to let go of each other. At some point he felt the gentle hands of the omega feed him while he was still in daze, intoxicated and out of his mind.
"I'm not saying we should give up on our dream." Tony explained, pragmatic. "But in the meantime, you can still move in with me."
Clint looks perplex maybe, though she is too far gone to analyze his feelings right now. "Errr. Yeah. Okay." He mumbles. "You sure?"
He realizes he has never seen Steve this happy in his entire life, not even before the serum, not even when they were carefree kids. He's
Tony blushes red as Steve's never seen him be. They both look at each other knowingly, smiling embarrassedly in a comfortable silence. Steve takes his hand and entangle their fingers together. "I love you," he whispers and Tony mouthes back a silent "I love you too" while staring into his eyes. Steve's heart swells with love and affection. He can still feel Tony everywhere, on his skin, on every part of his body. He feels surrounded with him and he wonders if Tony feels the same. Tony smells so calm and appeased. It is overwhelming.
Clint sits up next to him and curls a hand around his neck. He presses gently on the nape of his neck, brushing his thumb up and down in a comforting gesture. "Are you alright?" He asks worriedly.
proud of Steve. Besides, they weren't too obvious and Tony didn't want to be too obvious.
Tony pressed his hand tighter, reassuringly, and turned to him, catching Steve's gaze in an instant. When their eyes met, Steve felt like a prisoner. Locked up and lost in the dark warmth of his eyes. Tony's smile was soft and caring and protective. "Hi!" He said, with an unsettling self-confidence. Steve had never noticed how warm and suave his voice was before. Tony planted a little peck on his cheek, soft but bold nevertheless. Steve felt it resonate in his entire body right to the tip of his cock. Surely his scent must have spiked. A mix of arousal and overly protective aggressiveness.
The smell of omega is everywhere around her, it's infuriating. She wasn't supposed to want. She wasn't supposed to feel this way. They made sure she never wanted. They made sure she forgot what she was, who she was and what she needed.
The connection he shares with him is more physical. It's primal, bestial and instinctive but no less inescapable and mind-blowing. The love he feels however is deep and affectionate and grounded.
Tony almost yelled. "I don't understand."
The sun rays were shining and flooding the bedroom with winter morning light, creating a halo of warm colors over the bed, on the scruffy tuft of hair sticking out of the plushy comforter. It gave them an unusually golden shine. The scene was ethereal, almost, and painfully domestic.
Steve looked up at him confusedly. "What?"
Tony smiled reassuringly. "I don't need you to protect me. I can take care of myself."
Tony startled and looked suddenly blessed with angelic innocence. His smirk died down and he parted his lips in confusion, unable to realize how easily he had managed to convince Steve. That was one of those moments when Steve realized most of Tony's confidence was an act. Maybe Tony was as scared as he was but he had always been so much braver than him, on every aspect. Tony's confused face was a jewel. He was so hesitant in his repressed happiness. He was beautiful.
Tony leant on one hand and slid the other up and down Steve's side, seemingly trying to push him away.
"You're my boyfriend." Steve said with that same gentle, soothing voice. "I love you. And I liked the sex, I—I
"Thanks." Tony said absentmindedly and Steve took advantage of his abstraction to snatch the glass of wine from his hand and returned to the kitchen to empty it in the sink.
His boyfriend was ready. When Steve stopped and straightened up on his knees, Tony propped himself in a jerk and looked at him with hazy eyes. "I wanna fuck you." He husked out.
What has she done to deserve such a lousy pack alpha? One who can't even do something as stupidly simple as submitting his omegas, restore the peace and make everyone happy and fulfilled. Him and his fucking theories about wanting to dominate his instincts. If he just stopped trying to rationalize things, for once. If he just stopped trying to intellectualize something that was just purely instinctive and vital to their survival and their well-being.
tell me." He whispered.
Tony's entire body hurt. He probably had bruises everywhere, maybe even a broken rib, or two. Zipping down his hoodie and taking it off was the last thing he wanted to do now, however. One because it was Steve's and two because he really didn't want her to see. If she saw she might want to keep him here.
Tony is not. Not at this precise moment. He feels like retching. But he's not going to let this take away his fun. He leans into Clint's embrace and drops his head in the crook of his neck. Clint catches his face with his warm hand and nuzzles against him. He's still holding the joint in between his fingers and they smell like pot. Tony doesn't care. "I'm sorry, Tony. I didn't mean it like that. You know I'll never judge you, right?"
"More than one?"
They took turns at fucking each other, rolling onto the bed and slipping each other's cocks into their sloppy, eager asses. It felt so good and so frustrating at the same time. They did it again and again, greedy and desperate. Something was missing.
A shiver runs down his spine and he grabs one of Steve's hands in his and parts his lips in puzzlement. Steve answers him with a gentle smile. His eyes are playful.
this is for him,
He puts his boots back on and tries to stand straight. He hardly succeeds. He turns to his friend who's still sitting on the bed, reclining on his arms, and grins at him. "You really need to make that bedroom childproof. 'cause
Obie smiled. "You know I can't do that. I have a family. My wife is waiting for me. You understand, right?"
—like Steve would never be able to. Tony is riled up. He growls deep in his throat and orders the two omegas to disentangle from each other, kneel and bend down in front of him, hands behind their backs. All that from a simple look.
Steve's stance waver at Tony's silence, losing composure as the minutes go by. Tony can feel it, as pure and strong as polished vibranium, the bond that unites both of them.
Steve is not one to believe in destiny and yet, he can feel it in himself that they were meant to be. Him and Bucky, they were meant for Tony, all along. Both of them. Only them could ever satisfy an alpha like Tony. Only them could ever provide him everything he needed. Only Tony could ever provide them with what they needed. The three of them, they all needed each other.
Tony didn't need to be asked twice. He had perfectly understood the first time. He dropped on his knees. A weird feeling pooled in his stomach however, something uncomfortable and upsetting.
"Shut up!" Steve snapped and pulled out to take an even bigger toy and shoved it in ruthlessly. His boyfriend let out a surprised, half-painful, half-pleasured incoherent noise.
He was out of it, too, when his boyfriend pinned him to the bed and when he straddled him. Was he gonna fuck him now? Tony wasn't even sure he would be able to stop him if he did... He would just take it, clench his jaw and close his heart and take it. He just wished Steve would stop crying when he did so.
"Wow! This one's way bigger than me, I'm kind of offended right now, Rogers." Steve let out another surprised laugh and sighed desperately. He was never gonna be able to finish this room if Tony kept on like this. He slouched and grabbed the shelf for support, half-laughing, half-sighing in despair. "Like it barely even fits in my mouth, " Tony continued. Another kinky visual flashed through Steve's mind and he turned around to see it for real. His cock hardened. This was gonna be a long
"You alright, Steven?"
"She can take care of herself."
"Just read the text. Paragraph two. Line seventeen." Fury asked, as his savior.
They finished almost on time. On the time schedule Steve had planned anyway. Steve let out a long exhaling sigh and stretched his back. "All right," he said, initiating action, "I'll get the food ready," knowing perfectly well his boyfriend would never bother with that kind of details.
Steve barely had the time to understand what was happening that his boyfriend was already fiddling with his jeans. "Oh fu—shit!" Steve choked out in a long plaintive sigh. His cock was already jolting out of his underwear and his legs were shaking. He threw his hands back, grabbing the bookcases behind him in a desperate motion, trying to keep himself steady as his knees were faltering. Tony's breath was warm on his cock and Steve could hear him moan and salivate in anticipation. He pulled his jeans down with an urgency that felt dizzying. Steve was breathing hard, trying to stay focus but his mind was already wandering away to leave place to sheer desire. How had he thought he could ever say no to Tony? He just growled and whined with want.
"We can take a walk before leaving if you want."
"I didn't sell it for the money... " Steve repeated, looking at his feet. "I just... I needed to get rid of it. I needed it out of my life. I needed a change, I needed to move on. And yeah, I got this offer, and I saw it as an opportunity, two birds with one stone. You're a practical guy, you should know how to seize an opportunity when there's one. And I felt... I felt
"Yeah, I mean, she looks...fragile or something, and gentle."
The sharp, biting tone felt like a blow. Tony jerked his head up again and looked into his eyes. "What are you talking about?"
Tony parted his lips and stared at him silently. Speechless.
Sam laughed, relaxing the atmosphere. "Pfff, I can't even count on my fingers and my toes the number of guys who flirted with you that you blatantly ignored or just outwardly rejected without even noticing."
He sat down next to the Omega and whispered concernedly. "What's wrong?"
"Yeah." Steve spat. "Really. I'm telling you, guys. I'm omega. I can
Only a few inches separated them. He could almost feel his breath on him. He could smell him,
Dark-haired guy looked like he really liked him, Tony thought. He felt sorry for him again.
The perfect male alpha in all his glory, with a tinge of bad boy attitude and a load of self-confidence. Everything perfectly dosed.
He wasn't left on his own for long. The doctor entered the room quickly. She was blond, in her fifties, glasses perched on the tip of her nose, a stern, focused, scrutinizing look. She looked at him dubiously and seemed to be able see through him instantly. It made him a little uncomfortable. He wriggled on the hospital bed, even though it wasn't the first time he faced disapproving judgement for his promiscuous sexual behavior. As said before, Tony wasn't a rookie. He had been in the game for a while.
Eight down, fifteen left.
Happy had opened the door for him and Tony was waiting nonchalantly inside the car. His legs were crossed, his eyes mischievous, and he was gorgeous in his three pieces dark gray tuxedo. He held him a glass of brandy with a sly smile. He looked ecstatic.
"I made coffee?" Steve attempted but only heard a hitch in Tony's breathing as a response. "Please Tony, let me explain, okay?"
Something heart-wrenching flashes through the omega's eyes. They burn with lust and pain and desperation alike. What is Steve playing at? Hasn't he done enough already? Messing them around both?
Something both grateful and pained ran across the omega's eyes but he didn't say anything. Steve didn't let him anyway, he kissed the sorrow away and entangled their fingers together. He looked at him, right into his eyes, and lost himself in the lust of his hazy gaze.
"I've missed you." Steve said, breaking the peaceful silence between them. The sun was high in the sky now, illuminating Tony's face, and the soft breeze caressed his face, running through his scruffy brown hair with golden lights. He seemed an angel in a blissful cloud of ethereal smoke.
Tony came hard, in long and spasmodic waves that seemed to never end. He panted and whined breathily while Steve fucked him through the aftershocks, grazing his overstimulated prostate until he was a limp and crying mess in his hands. Steve shot his second load without even trying and Tony collapsed on the bed, completely limp, a dead weight in Steve's grasp who pulled him down in its momentum. Steve laughed and curled around him, snuggling against him. Tony didn't react. Steve kissed him on the temple, nipping his ear, until he finally got a reaction.
Tony was leaning on the doorframe, looking at him proudly, his arms crossed on his chest confidently. "You like?" He said with a smile.
Steve is staring at him from across the table, his gaze is burning but gentle and supportive. Tony's heart skips a beat but again, he ignores the feeling. Steve gives him a gentle smile that rocks his world again. It's too much for Tony who drops his gaze on his tablet again, he changes hands to keep his right hand busy, still feeling self-conscious. Sharing breakfast with Steve is too unsettling.
Right. That made sense. Tony probably wouldn't want to sleep with himself either, especially after seeing the state he was in earlier, but... It wasn't like Tony had meant sex. Fucking, even with Steve, was the last thing he wanted to do right now. Did Steve really expect him to want sex now? Did Steve want sex now? If he truly wanted it, Tony would do it though. "I meant sleep next to you." He rectified.
like a drug, but could never have. His mind went blank, too much feelings, intrusive and overwhelming. He felt the sensation from last night coming back to him, shaking his body, burning his insides. He wanted to tear Tony's clothes off and lick his entire body, bite him, kiss him and... He felt hot all over and hard and he could feel Tony's hard-on against his legs, like promise to heaven. His heart raced a mix of fear and excitement, and arousal. His hands wandered over Tony's arms and down his back and around his hips. He slipped them under his shirt, sliding them up his firm chest. Tony's skin was burning too and he could feel him shiver at the touch. His breathing hitched and he gasped, lips parted and eyes closed.
That was maybe the moment Tony realized the man really
Bucky is overwhelmed with joy, Steve asked Tony to fuck him bareback and the alpha is about to accept it. He touches his womb and a smile spreads on his face. He's gonna be a daddy again. If not with
It's only three'o clock in the morning and no omega has trespassed in her den but somehow she can smell the remnants of their exquisitely lewd scents lingering on her clothes. It steams her up. She's on fire.
He huddled around his knees and opened the computer that had been left here, searching for a distraction. He found something stupid and mind-numbing on YouTube to watch. Steve was gonna be here soon, the prospect made him smile again. He chuckled. Excitement seemed to bloom in his heart again.
let him fuck him. He thought he would like Steve to do that to him one day. He would like that very much.
Steve wouldn't have it though, he jostled him and roughed him up. "Enough with the shrugs, now!"
Tony straightened up and stared at him worryingly, eyes questioning.
They both chuckle and touch each other's bite marks. It's electrifying in a soothing sense of calmness and appeasement. No word needs be uttered.
He woke up though, in an alternate universe, where time and space were different, where everything was moving and the ground was wavering and where he was flying. He laughed.
"Good." He rasped, satisfied. "Wait for me baby. Be ready."
So when it came this morning—the invitation—wrapped up in a beautifully decorated envelope with three roses this time, two big and one small, Tony didn't immediately freak out. Time was right, he supposed.
Soon he felt two lubed-cold fingers brushing his rim and he gasped in pleasure and want. The fingers breached him slowly, hot and slick, and pushing into him so very delicately. Tony pulled them out alternately while pushing in further every time, his left hand still firm but gentle on his neck. Not for long though, Steve was no beginner, he didn't need to be prepared so thoroughly. Soon Tony thrust three fingers in, teasingly, infuriatingly, pushing into him slowly but harder and deeper, curling them inside and grazing his soft spot every time. His left hand slid down his nape and landed on his shoulder while Tony kissed his way into neck, licking and nibbling at the soft skin there. Steve gasped and let out a long shuddering keen. He was more than ready but Tony kept fucking his fingers into him so excruciatingly slowly, adding more lube and a fourth one, stretching Steve even more, until he was just a gasping and shivering mess and started breathing hard and erratically, shuddering with want and frustrated pleasure. He arched his back and keened pleadingly, Tony slid his left hand down his shoulder and his arm and grabbed his hand to pin it against the wall next to his head and intertwined their fingers together. He kept kissing his neck and fucked into him softly. He added the beginning of his thumb and thrust harder. Steve was rock hard now and started dripping, he wanted more and he wanted harder and deeper but Tony kept teasing him, fucking him with his five fingers, rubbing his prostate again and again until Steve cried out with want. When Steve was almost ready to take the whole fist inside, Tony stopped and turned him around. He leant his back against the wall, holding his weak and trembling self straight. He grabbed his face in his hands and kissed him passionately. "I love you, Steve." He whispered desperately into his mouth, grinding his hard-on against Steve's belly. "I love you so fucking much."
The crowd cheers and applauds.
used to this.
"Okay, what was that just now?"
Tony chuckled, almost giggled, head thrown back, but his hands on Steve's arms were strong and his grip firm. He stared into his arms, seriously. "You wanna have sex?" He husked out, Iow and deep and almost sensual. Half a question, half a suggestion.
time."
"It's just me and you, today."
He laughed instead. He wasn't gonna crack, not in front of alpha Tony fucking Stark. The laugh sounded a bit too bitter though and Steve let his arms fall on his sides. "Oh god, being omega sucks so fucking much. I hate my life."
After a week, however—and a lot of insisting on Bucky's part—Steve moved back into his and Bucky's nest. It made sense. Omegas need the proximity, they need the protective warmth and kindness of their nest, especially when one of them has pups. Steve understands now how lonely and desperate Bucky must have felt when he was left on his own to take care of Felicia. Omegas are supposed to help and support each other in those moments, they need that safety around them, the love and affection, especially when giving birth. Steve should have been there for them. And now he was.
"Natural conditioning." He replies and Steve laughs softly against Tony's chest.
Tony pouted, a glimpse of sympathy on his expression. Surely, no boy ever wished to be omega. Maybe Tony understood that, at least.
Tony feels something acrid inside. He hates it when there's nothing he can do to fix things. He's the one who averts his eyes now. He looks away and his eyes fall on his trembling hand.
He's losing his mind.
Not. At. All.
He yelled. "I'm a big boy. I can get plastered in my own fucking house if I like! Stop nagging all the fucking time!
Steve brushed a fondling hand on his asscheeks. "Shhhhush. Trust me. I'm gonna take care of you." Tony relaxed at his soothing words and lay his upper body back on the bed. Steve pushed the dildo inside and upward, holding it with his left hand, while his right hand was wrapped around his hard-on and directing the head of his cock straight into Tony's wide twitching hole. "Open up for me baby."
Steve rolled over on his back and looked up at his boyfriend blissfully, gratefully and filled with love. Tony's eyes were wanton, burning with lust. They stared into each other's eyes for a short moment. Steve smiling in satisfied delight, Tony still up on his knees, stroking his own cock slowly.
Steve snorted and mouthed a silent "I love you" before turning back to the counter and taking off his coat, scarf and beanie. Tony did the same, adding his sweater onto the pile of clothes he had thrown on the armchair next to him.
He can't anymore because all he can see when James is too close is Steve's crestfallen face on that day he swapped their names. The pain of betrayal distorting Steve's beautiful features. A reflection of Tony's ugliness and depravity. The day Tony finally realized how despicable he was.
His residual rage mixed with new found enthusiasm and the will to fight, no matter what, allowed him to be surprisingly efficient. To the point he almost hoped at some point that he would be able to bail out on dinner and get away with it, thanks to his brilliance. His new found enthusiasm was quickly dampened though, caught up with reality soon enough. Howard didn't give a shit about his presentation. He just wanted him there. He just wanted to show them how docile and subservient his son was. There was no way Tony would ever be able to skip dinner.
That was it.
Steve smiled and held him a pack of stickers. "Everything personal goes into the boxes. Green stickers for what goes into the penthouse. Blue for what I'm giving away. Red for what stays here."
From then on, it became a thing.
Tony sucked in a shuddering breath and squeezed Steve's hand, pulling him closer against him. "You know I probably shouldn't tell you this because... This is creepy and you're probably gonna freak out, but... I really really loved your old place, from the very first moment I stepped in it."
Tony startles. He's never said that out loud, has he?
"How many partners did you have?"
Steve lost himself. His boyfriend's voice was so fucking sexy and hoarse and the vibration of his deep guttural moans resonated in Steve's ears and warmed his chest. The heat pooling in his lower belly spread in his entire body and he suddenly felt the pleasure overwhelm him. His head in a daze he closed his eyes and felt himself fall over the edge.
He didn't but if that made Tony happy he would gladly indulge him.
Bathroom time wasn't enough for him to regain composure. He could still see the fleeting form of Tony Stark walk away from him in a confident stride. A joyful and ecstatic smile on his lips. And Steve had stretched his hand but could never reach him. His heart still hurting in his chest, he was trying to catch his breath.
His moment of confusion was interrupted by a soft slap on his face. Tony blinked and gasped in surprise. "Yeah, you do." The man husked out with a growing grin on his face. He slipped his hand down Tony's pants and grabbed his half-hard dick. Tony unconsciously leant into him and gasped again, eyes fluttering shut. The man gave his cock a brutal stroke and earned a strangled moan from him. "Do you like sucking cocks, Greg?" He whispered.
Tony startled and raised his eyes to him confusedly, as if surprised that the conversation had suddenly turned all about him. He smiled, cheeks slightly flushed. "Not really..." He said while avoiding Steve's stare. He reached a hand behind his ear and started scratching nervously. "Not like you."
"I know."
alpha."
"I love you." Steve mumbles into the fabric of Tony's shirt.
Clint doesn't know anything about Tony's past,
"I hate you." He growled.
"Both!"
This time Pepper's long sigh really sounded like annoyance.
"Why didn't you call?" Steve whined. "I can't this week. I really can't. I—"
Tony jerked his head up toward him, heart racing in his chest. He felt out of his own body again, unable to control it anymore, and saw his own smile die down on his lips while he felt powerless. He bit his own lips, lost, trying to find a way to reach out to him, only he kept failing spectacularly. The distance between them right now was so palpable, so painfully real.
Tony giggled but his eyes flickered with lust and he unconsciously spread his legs, silently agreeing to everything Steve said.
The shower ran hot on their tired bodies. Incidentally, they both
Steve felt like crying.
Tony burst out laughing. "How can you not smell it on me? The confusers don't work when aroused." Now that he was saying it, it was so obvious it was almost painful. Tony's scent was so sweet and enrapturing, Steve was overwhelmed. "I thought you knew, I mean, I'm not
Tony looks down under the bed, still partly confused, partly amused, and also partly aroused, not that he's been imagining things... Right, he
He stared at his boyfriend, taken aback, trying to decipher his thoughts behind the heinous glare he was throwing at him. His words were stuck in his throat. He looked away, feeling the shame creeping on his face. His heart was racing. "I didn't sell it for the money..." He choked out, each words scorching his throat as he uttered them.
" He finally exclaimed. "And you—with
Meanwhile, Steve and Tony kept supporting each other, alluding to each other every time they got the chance, ignoring the gossips.
"And what's so wrong about it?" Tony's question was direct and yet so meaningful. He was still staring, eyes serious and determined. The smile on his lips still so contrastingly gentle.
Tony stared down at his father, gritting his teeth. It was a matter of beliefs, he thought, but they had always had a major difference of opinion on the matter. Tony didn't take any pride knowing his grand father participated in the Manhattan Project. Two hundred and fifty thousand casualties and millions of long-term victims was not what he considered a great achievement. Neither was war profiteering and weaponizing. Not that whatever he thought mattered to Howard. He did wonder though if his father truly believed himself in what he was saying. Did he really think that kind of Manichaean speech would have an impact on Tony? Or was it just an excuse, a way to keep the illusion alive... All Tony understood from that grand speech was that if he had thought, even for one second, that he might have had just an ounce of freedom in this so-called father-son relationship, he had been thoroughly wrong. His whole demeanor yielded against his will and Tony looked at his father resignedly.
"Yeah but... " He pouted but couldn't keep the excitement off his voice. "It's Steve's first vernissage. You can't miss that!" Every time he said that, he felt butterflies tickling his stomach. He just needed to grin stupidly and beamed with pride.
He quickly forgot about it though. Chatting with Tony was easy and natural and the heat in his stomach was quickly pushed aside in the back of his head, just like the beating of his heart. Just like his unpleasant experience in the restrooms earlier. All forgotten, until Tony mentioned it casually again.
Steve would have liked to answer but he just moaned helplessly while Tony kept kissing him, wiping the tears he hadn't known he had from his eyes.
Tony jerked his head around and looked at him with a startled expression on his face.
"What's wrong with you? Are you for real?" Bucky look utterly troubled and somehow vulnerable and it made Steve want to attack him. He leant closer, seeking the lips of the alpha he had watched pretty much his whole life now that he thought of it.
"I know," Steve admits, regretfully. "I'm sorry, Tony."
Tony gave him a shy silent smile.
He was just wearing his shirt and trousers when he went to the bar and fetched another bottle of brandy and a glass. Steve walked carefully to him but remained at a reasonable distance. "Are you alright, babe?"
"Fine. But I'll give you a beer this time." Clint turns around and bents down to grab a couple of beers from the fridge. Tony stares at his ass and at the tattoo that sneaks out of his pants. He doesn't have time to leer though because Clint straightens up in a jerk and hands him a beer before opening one for himself. Then he checks the oven and stands up again, leaning against the counter next to Tony but less close than before.
with you. And I was in love with
It might be everything Tony ever wanted, in his deepest fantasy.
"Why didn't you, then?" Steve finally asked, interrupting his self-flagellating train of thoughts.
Tony stops, hand hanging in the air, and stares at him, wondering how serious he is. Pretty serious by the looks of it. His face is determined and expectant. "I'm not sure I can." Tony finally says softly. "And frankly I'm not sure that's fair on Bucky. I don't think that's what he really wants."
"Where are you taking me?" Tony asked, a little puzzled by Steve's sudden determination.
Tony led him to the different spare bedrooms then, a total of four, which was—
"What about you guys?" Clint asks innocently.
"So you're alpha, after all..." He finally said, voice a little out of it. "All that worry for nothing." Steve chuckled softly. He felt a little bad about it.
"I can't." He mutters, voice trembling a little.
"Happy said he would help. Why are you so stubborn?" He teased tenderly.
Obie said while his grin spread evilly on his face. "Never forget it," he added. "You'll always be mine."
"You're the most interesting person I met." Tony said as he kept fondling his cheek tenderly. Smile so achingly gentle.
"What if it happened with someone else?" Tony asked in a hurt, strangled voice. "I've had so many hook-ups... I don't even remember half of them. What if it happened... with someone else, with—with a
Tony looked at him confusedly. "I've already thrown up today." He mumbled, or rather stuttered. He was almost sure of that, although he didn't remember when.
As he walked closer to his locker, he realized that new guy was standing fairly close to his locker. Which meant he was going to have to get close—and maybe get the opportunity to scent him?
"We didn't make out on a daily basis," Steve rectified embarrassedly, heart thumping hard in his chest. "We barely saw each other while you were living with me."
"I'm gonna ride that cock right about now, on that roof, filming drones or not." Steve declared.
Natasha has been a witness of the Stony drama for years. She knew it was a matter of time before Steve came back. She also knows it's just a matter of time before things settles back to their places.
Clint takes out whatever smells awesome from the oven and lays them on a huge plate. Tony follows him to the living room where the four other guys are still chatting and drinking. The level of alcohol has risen up since Tony left. They're
Clint almost spills his beer and looks at him with a grin. Tony turns to him and stares at the bottle with too much yearning. "Trouble in paradise already?"
"I—we reached your house I suppose." Tony answered, softly.
A whole bunch of emotions appeared on the tall brunet's face. Surprise. Confusion. Doubt. Wariness. Hope. Anger. Smugness. Joy. He parted his lips for a split second and then he smiled. A genuinely happy smile, soft and generous. His eyes twinkled gratefully.
Steve’s laugh was mirthless. "Why do you care?" He snapped, drinking from his new beer.
Steve with an iron stake called out to him.
That was months ago.
Thanks for reading till the end, despite the disconcerting turn of event! :)
He did wonder what was so detestable about him that even someone like Obie wouldn't want him and ignored his stomach churning and the bile coming up in his throat.
Steve rolled his eyes exasperatedly, hands on his hips, but really wanted to laugh again. "You won't taste my ass on those, though. Never used them..."
And none of those
"That being said," Pepper concluded with her usual curt and bossy tone. "It's not like you've ever been ashamed of your shitty behavior before so you're gonna pull your head out of your ass and take fucking responsibility for it and you'll go to this party with your head high."
Fortunately for Steve, he was never feeling down for too long and soon he willed himself back on Dickens. He raised his head, took a deep breath, ignored how much breathing still hurt and focused on what the teacher was saying. It helped that something—or someone—else would distract him from his dark thoughts for the rest of the day.
"Do you have someone to go to the upcoming dance with?"
Tony almost swallowed his water down the wrong way. He spilt some of it in his panicked gesture and answered with a wrecked hoarse voice. "Yes."
"No!" Steve interrupted. "It's
"Don't compare me with an eight-year-old boy who was alone, lost and confused, and easily manipulated. I'm perfectly aware of what consensual means." He bore his eyes into his boyfriend's. "It's not about the sex... I didn't like being used. It didn't feel right... I felt bad afterwards, because I knew there was something wrong and you ignored my feelings. And you kept rejecting me for no reason. It's not all black and white, Tony, it's fucking
Tony told his dreams and his ambition. The things he'd like to change and the thing he regretted. He told him about his ex, his first alpha, who outed him out of spite and caused him to transfer to their school. And he told him about his first boyfriend, an omega with whom he discovered his own body and explored sex. He told him about his only time with a beta girl. All the things he knew and all the things he had yet to discover.
"Please follow me." The nice-looking nurse said to him kindly. "Don't worry, we'll check you out. We're gonna have to ask you a few questions. Are you going to be okay?"
"Well, obviously I was wrong. Just look at me. Do I look alpha to you?" Steve asked, sitting and curling his arms around his knees.
Tony was absolutely gorgeous in his workout clothes. He was gloriously standing, a few feet from the entrance, nonchalantly resting on one leg. His arms were dangling lifelessly on his sides, hesitant. His hair was tousled and his eyes were crinkled, his shoulders slightly slumped in a relaxed way. Steve's eyes paused on the contrast of the loose dark tank top on his olive skin and the veins of his bare shoulders and then wandered down his chest to stop on the bulge he could see through his workout sweat shorts.
"Bucky and I have been talking." Steve says with his incomparable Captain America voice. Tony feels shivers and finally turns back to look at him. The words sound ominous. He frowns before he realizes Steve's stance is not as confident as it sounded. He looks nervous and wavers on his feet, wiping his clammy hands on his jeans. "and we think—" Tony widens his eyes, listening attentively to that grand idea both his omegas have come up with now. "—that you need to get laid."
"What for?"
Steve startled and tried to get what he was referring to. "Who?"
Steve's breathing hitched and accelerated. He could feel his heart pounding hard in his chest. "He wasn't
"They came and they
was such a strong word that Tony was pretty sure he knew the definition of. Rape meant being forced to have sex. Rape meant someone had used violence or threats to coerce you into having sex with them. Rape meant you were unwilling. Nothing of the sort had ever happened to Tony.
For the first time since he had met him, Steve frightened him. Next to him, barely a few inches from his head, was dripping the beer from the can his boyfriend had just thrown at him. He felt the fear creeping up underneath his skin like a parasite. He stared at his boyfriend haggardly, Steve's hands were shaking. Tony knew that rage, he knew that glow that was burning in Steve's eyes. He knew that violence. He had seen it countless times, in his father's eyes.
Tony was so handsome it wasn't fair.
size, if he might say so—that wiggles in his hand. "Good to know..." He mutters drily. That was the last thing he expected to find in Clint's and Bucky's bed. "But seriously, guys?"
Steve started using scent confusers.
After all those years, all those lunches they had together, just the two of them, they've never mentioned it. Not even hinted at it once. Clint flinches a little but keeps cuddling him. "I did a lot of shit in the past, Tony.
"But this is not me. I don't feel home and I'll never do. I'm not comfortable with it. I'll get used to it, of course I will, but it will always be
Steve had won.
Tony put a strong hand on his shoulder, steadying him, and then he kissed him again. Softly, this time. Lovingly. Steve moaned again, hands frozen in the air, useless and confused.
The omega is on his knees and Tony can't even try to get his eyes away from that. His body moved on its own and his hand is warm against the burning skin of the shivering omega. The omega is
himself spit-roasted between the three of them. He's there but to there. He's here and everywhere and the orgasm hits him his waves, ripples through him intensely. It was wrenched out of him, beaten out of him and the moment he feels himself spurt inside the omega's ass—or he means
"Aren't you gonna go?" Tony asks.
Tony didn't react when Steve made his presence known, he had probably heard him coming but he didn't acknowledge it either way. "I'm fine." He mumbled as a response, without looking at him. He was still staring into space, his cigarette smoking itself away, close to burning his fingers.
Steve chuckled.
The entire place smells like sex, everywhere the alpha's and the omega's scents pervade, strong and heady and suffocating. They're mingled, although the alpha scent is stronger than ever and very present. Bucky's head starts spinning. He goes down on his knees and submit, head lowered down and hands behind his back. He waits.
Tony could see the anger flashing through his eyes. He could see his face redden—it might have been cute, in other circumstances, but not tonight—his jaw clenched. Tony could see a whole range of expressions on his face. Shock, consternation, rage, disgust...
red too. He was enraged.
He burst into tears. That wasn't part of the equation. It wasn't supposed to be like this. He had finally, finally accepted himself. He rolled onto his stomach and hid under the cover, and cried.
Steve blushed when Tony picked him up in a limo. That was probably to be expected, in hindsight, but Steve felt his heart waver, still. They had a table reservation at Le Bernardin afterwards, inside this time and in
Once they arrived, they both quickly changed into more comfortable clothes. Steve had left a few in the huge closet dedicated to him in Tony's room and they did what they had to do in comfortable easiness around each other, settling into a routine that felt poignantly natural, both of them conscious of the nonverbal communication happening between them. Then Tony went down to his workshop without a word. He just brushed his fingers on Steve's cheek as he passed him when he left the bedroom. A natural and very domestic gesture that still gave Steve warm and fuzzy feelings. Steve went to the kitchen first, to make coffee, even though there was a coffee machine downstairs because the coffee from the kitchen machine tasted better and because ehe knew his boyfriend loved when Steve made his coffee.
"I don't think so."
"It's just fucking
Steve stopped talking and the silence festered. Tony rested his chin on his knees, heart pounding so hard it was hurting his ribs. He wondered why he hadn't already left. Obviously Steve didn't want him here. He was just hoping, stupidly hoping, that just for tonight, just for the few remaining hours before day came, Steve would hold him one more time before giving up on him. Just for the sake of their history, just because right now he was feeling horrible for no reasons, or maybe a thousand ones, he wasn't sure. Just because the mere idea of being out there, alone, without Steve, and dealing with everything he was much too sober to deal with made him want to jump out of the window. His breathing hitched as anxiety and terror hit him again.
Steve closed the distance between them and grabbed the lapels of Tony's hoodie before burying his head into the warmth of his chest. Tony wrapped his arms around Steve and sighed in relief. "I'd like to sign up for another year, please." He mumbled, voice muffled in the fabric of Tony's pajamas.
Steve doesn't glare at them this time though, obsessed with staring at Loki with eyes filled with wonders—Has Tony already said he hates this guy?—which is  a shame, Tony thinks. He wouldn't admit it but it bothers him a little. He perfectly knows this is not nice but he's always relished in riling Steve up. He loves when Steve is being jealous and possessive. He loves it when his boyfriend is gritting his teeth and clenching his fists whenever someone so much as looks at Tony in a slightly flirty way. It is one of those small bits of happiness Tony grants himself. And he does know this is kind of wrong to do this on purpose but he has never been accused of being a good guy, and Steve is good for both of them anyway...
"Tony!" He exclaimed through gritted teeth. "You're infuriating, you know that?"
He has never felt so safe, grounded against the firm chest of his omega, surrounded by his warmth and with the hotness of his breath wet against his neck. His arms curl around him and hold him tight while he inhales a deep breath of his dizzying scent.
"I want to adopt." Clint finally explains. "It's important to me. I told myself I would, even before I met Buck, you know? After everything I went through... There're so many kids that need a home. And I don't care if they're not infants. I feel like I've got so much love to give, you know?"
Life sucked fucking tons.
"Who might not even be one." Clint added.
His heart skipped in his chest and he turned back to his friends, frowning while trying to hide his blush.
All in all, Steve had imagined something much bigger, much swankier, much more...more everything, he guessed. He hadn't imagined something as cosy and simply decorated like that. The furniture was of the best quality, there were famous artists exhibited on the walls—although, not that much after all, it was all perfectly designed to be both practical and comfy but most of all... Most of all, it
He felt a tremor in his jaw but couldn't do anything other than stare helplessly at his boyfriend who glared back at him, seeing him like the trash he was, eyes filled with hatred and disgust.
No, he hates Loki, it's a fact. And why is it him, of all people, who opens the door to them anyway? Who does that? Welcoming guests in other people's house... And why is he already here? They're not even late for once.
"You sure you should be drinking right now?" He attempted.
"Hey."
He doesn't deserve two omegas. He doesn't even deserve one and he certainly doesn't deserve their submission. He's a lousy alpha. Not strong enough, not good enough—just not
Tony felt a cold shiver down his spine. He didn't know if Obie's words were a promise or a threat. He wanted to lean into the touch a bit more though.
Tony threw his head back and laughed teasingly, sounding sexy and beautiful. "Oh, no." He exclaimed. "That part was totally true." He explained in a sort of bitter, self-deprecating tone. "I would have left much earlier otherwise. It's not like I enjoyed watching you guys make out on a daily basis—"
"Oooh. I found your box of sins!" Tony exclaimed joyfully, as if he had just found the Holy Grail.
Steve needs more. He touches his own bonding gland. It is pulsating the same way, wanting, begging for the bite. And Tony is one word away from doing it. Only his respect for the two omegas prevents him from going through with it and bite them both, on the spot.
Steve brushed his hand underneath Tony's chin and glanced at him sidelong, eyes tired. "You were amazing." He said hoarsely, voice filled with gratitude. "I like it when it's rough too, you know." He smiled at Tony's sheepish face. "I like it when you dominate me. I loved it every step of the way."
The elevator finally stopped and Tony's grin spread, hidden behind Steve's thin wrist. He pulled his arm toward the entrance with proud excitement. Steve stumbled on his feet and found himself into the lobby. It was bright, with all the lights turned on, but not blinding. It looked like a gallery but was warm and welcoming, fully decorated with art. Some of the pieces Steve had already seen in the 5th Avenue gilded house of his parents, some were new and all were ingeniously put together in a subtle combination of antique and modern. Although Steve suspected Pepper might have had a hand in this, he was glad Tony had kept some of the things that used to belong to his parents.
to each other.
And when Steve finally felt like himself, he felt a soft though strong hand slip into his and grab his fingers, so tightly it almost hurt. Or maybe it did because Steve wasn't expecting it. He felt his heart leap and his cheeks heat. He recognized the expensive cologne immediately, even if the scent was neutral. His heart started racing.
"I..." He tried to explain, hesitantly, but Tony's questions were so direct he was unsettled. His certainty shaking. "I don't know. It's... the things I want—I
Tony rubbed his chin, looking away. "When you—if you wanna press charges..."
Date night happens in a classy jazz bar. A muffled 1950s atmosphere with red carpets, leather seats and subdued lights. The decoration is swanky and elegant, understated but sophisticated. Tony is definitely underdressed for the venue but somehow he doesn't care much. He's just a little surprised at the choice.
be freaking out a little, in hindsight, but he just couldn't hold it against him now. "I'm so glad that you did."
"We were about to leave," Bucky resumed, ignoring her and feeling encouraged by everyone else. "And that moron just took the mic and started singing the trashiest song you could ever be singing."
"We'll buy something together if you insist..." Tony mumbled in agreement, voice muffled by the fabric of Steve's flannel. "but I have conditions."
Throwing up helped, he could finally breathe again but not much more. All he felt was a dull numbness now. Obie pulled him up on his feet and leant him against the wall as he was wavering. He straightened him up, manhandling him like he was a puppet and dressed him. He pulled his pants back up and buckled his belt, buttoned up his shirt—what was left of it, anyway—and flattened his clothes with warm hands on his chest. The gentle treatment gave Tony's body some of its life back and he could almost stand on his own now. Obie went to fetch a few towel to wipe his mouth and his face clean.
And Steve felt a little hot all over and his heart didn't seem to want to stop racing and beat hard in his chest, covering the weird sensation of butterflies that seemed to be fluttering at the pit of his stomach.
He can't step outside of his workshop without being attacked by their bewitching scents. So strong it is suffocating. He chokes on it. Sometimes he wakes up at night and can't even breathe.
"Tony, I..." He hesitated. "I already have a place to do my work. I... What is this all about?"
Loki's eyes shines with a different glow. "Maybe..." He rasps. "I thought I had though...found the right person."
And he should get back to work now anyway. After all, Tony had a glorious destiny to fulfill, hadn't he?
"That you're proud of him. And yes, Tony, they're beautiful. Don't you trust me? Unless—"
Clint hauls himself in a jerk. Expression slightly terrified, to be honest. "Errr... Can we talk about it first?"
A sudden, unexpected knock on the door. Fury made a quick movement of his head towards the entrance, annoyance written all over his face, deeply inscribed in his disapproving frown. He was ready to unsheathe but quickly cooled his ardors when he saw the Principal cocking his head inside, expression sheepish and falsely apologetic. Mr Fury hated being disturbed in class. It was fair, Steve thought. It was hard enough to get their attention for more than five minutes, it must be enraging to lose it because of external factors, like your boss coming unannounced right in the middle of class...
and every particle of Tony's being agonized at the sight of him. Steve's hand was shaky and hesitant when he slapped him again, even though Tony felt the blow resonate in his entire body and the burn spread, igniting the very present pain he was already feeling.
Tony laughed and looked up into his eyes. "Seriously?"
Steve chuckled, sounding slightly bitter. "Easy for you to say, when looking like that..." He held a lazy hand in the air and gestured at him with haughtily.
"Don't try to make me forget that you didn't answer my question."
"Planning to leave early, are you?" Obie said with his deep low voice. "That would be extremely rude to our guests, Tony boy. Don't you think?" His fingers gently brushed the bottom of his chin as he spoke, drawing a gasp out of Tony, which made him smirk. "Still so responsive... How cute!"
Tony was still jeering and chuckled mockingly. "I've been asking myself that same question for years, darling."
His lips part and he gasps. "Steve said you needed me." He whispers, voice broken and hoarse, faltering on each words.
A bitter chuckle escaped Tony's lips but he didn't say anything. His eyes were shining bright, deeply focused on Steve. "Whatever..." He finally said and then turned to Betty. "We met again in club." He said nonchalantly. "I kinda pushed my way into Steve's apartment. And when I saw the place—when I saw who Steve was, I knew I would come again. And I did."
Steve stared into his eyes, dumbfounded and tried to find an answer in his elusive smile but found none. Tony's expression was fragile however, a crack in his usual self-confidence. A glimpse of the real him, shy and insecure and so honest. He was so handsome Steve found it hard to breathe.
He feels his alpha's knot deep in his throat and the omega's cock buried in his ass. He feels how hot and overwhelmed it makes him feel. He feels his knot in his own mouth and his cock his own ass and all the sensations it brings. He can
at once, so evident. Everything transparent. His thought are no longer his thoughts, his feelings are no longer his feelings. They've become part of a whole. Their souls mingled to form one, almost complete but not entirely yet.
"The heinous glare you gave him when he walked through that hospital door, all worried and insecure." Bucky laughed. "That was hilarious."
His phone buzzed. His heart raced. Steve?
"Yeah, like ninety nine percent of the students in our school." Steve shouted, abruptly raising his head and throwing his hands in the air. "There's only those two cavemen who think it's cool to flaunt their alphaness around like some winning prize." He grumbled while gesturing at Sam and Bucky who guffawed and  high-fived.
Tony." He repeated, sounding distraught. He looked up at him with eyes filled with worry and anger. Tony wondered what he had done wrong this time.
"No-one said you were a superhero."
They kept staring at each other lovingly though, and everyone was charmed and smiling at them, eyes filled with emotions. Steve felt his heart flutter. So much time had passed since they were students. So many things had happened. So much had changed. He contemplated the scene, eyes filled with love and wonders.
Tony smiles while shaking another double-ended dildo, a bigger one. "I don't even own one."
And since he knows exactly what to do, he's gonna do it. Right about now.
His father curled his arm around Tony in a paternal pat and tightened his embrace, pulling Tony close to him gently. That was the kind of embrace younger Tony would have craved for. Now, if it didn't repel him exactly, it made him uneasy. Tony felt more comfortable with Howard's violent fits than his gentleness. At least, he knew what to expect with the former.
Deeply captivated. Nothing else mattered at that moment and he had completely forgotten about his own assignment. Why had he agreed to this? Of course it was going to be torture, spending hours, one-to-one with Tony Stark, doing homework.
Tony giggled, eyes still closed in the haze of orgasm.
Tony smiled evilly and clicked his tongue against his teeth. "That I'm submissive..." He husked out, voice hoarse with lust. His eyes flickered away for a split second and then he stared back right into Steve's eyes, intensely, a smile full of innuendos on his face and bit into the apple again.
"I know that I didn't tell you enough and maybe it's my fault everything that's happened but—"
Tony smiled and leant into him. He kissed Steve one last time. "Let's go." He muttered against his lips. "We're gonna be late." Steve curled his arms one last time around him and breathed him in, stealing a whiff of his scent. Tony smelt like expensive cologne and metal, scent undetermined with a hint of omega lingering. That is, if you really paid attention.
Steve wanted to fuck him.
that guy? It wasn't like Steve didn't know about him. "It was fun." He justified himself, pouting a little. Why did he need to justify himself? "We were just having fun."
"I've been dreaming of doing this for so fucking long." He whispered in a shuddering sigh.
Steve felt a bead of sweat dripping down his spine. His legs were shaky and faltering. He didn't dare turn around and face his boyfriend. "It's even better than my office in SHIELD." He croaked out with a shivering voice.
him or anything. It's just..."
"I can't believe he asked you for a blowjob. That ass! You should talk to the board. You could press charges you know?"
That's when Jane came back and curled around her lover's shoulders, burying her head in the crook of his neck. She kissed behind his ear and Thor imperceptibly shivered when she did. "That's because I thought you weren't serious."
Tony laughed. Steve let escape a chuckle and blushed embarrassedly before nudging his friend's side. "I did
"We talked. A lot." Natasha said with a fond smile. "I hadn't felt so close to someone from a long time. You got me. Nice change to speak with someone who wasn't gay for once."
He shared what was left in his small plastic bag with the three men, one of them had bought a bottle of vodka. They all drank from it. Dark-haired guy pushed Tony against the wall and poured some in Tony's mouth who opened his mouth with delectation, smile on his lips. The liquid trickled down his chin and dark-haired guy licked it off softly, making Tony shiver. His dick tingled awake.
Bucky's sprawled over his back and Steve grinds back, fucking himself on his softening cock, needing more. The alpha in his mouth thrusts hard and stays there, deep inside him, blocking his airways. Steve can't breathe anymore. His head starts spinning. He's about to pass out, he
It was a warm Sunday morning, for the season.
Steve felt a grudge pooling in his chest as everyone seemed to have suddenly and unwarrantedly decided to give him very unwelcome pieces of their minds, completely out of the blue. He looked at Tony who smiled gently at him in silent support. He growled internally, repressing his angry feelings.
"Are we fine?" Tony asked after a short moment, his voice a barely audible broken whisper.
Right now he did little more than brushing his fingers on his stomach, however, not daring slipping them into his jeans yet, or purposely delaying the inevitable and enjoying the moment. Tony was still quiet and lost in his thought. He was only half hard when Steve's dick hurt, rock hard and constricted in his pants. He buried his head in the crook of Tony's neck and kissed him, nibbling his soft skin. Tony took his hand in his and intertwined their fingers together, stopping Steve in his tracks so Steve stopped his ministrations for a short while and tried to read his mind. It looked like their whole life was passing by before Tony's eyes and Steve suddenly felt overwhelmingly nostalgic as well, remembering all those moments they shared here.
Steve felt a surge of warmth invading his entire body. Tony was right. Suddenly, this thing they were about to do, it felt somehow special and he didn't want to screw it up by rushing things.
Tony pressed him against the wall with his bulk, hands leaning against the tiles, and kissed him languorously. "Okay." He whispered, kissing him one last time on his lips and then on his temple, before he walked away from Steve. Steve grabbed his wrist in a panic, Tony chuckled but didn't turn his head back. "I'm just fetching some lube." He said softly and before Steve realized, he was back at his side, hand on the nape of his neck, rubbing the skin of his neck softly with his thumb. "Turn around," he whispered.
And Steve resumed packing up his stuff in the cardboard boxes with a smirk. Served. Him. Right.
Again, mild divergence of opinion. Had Tony ever believed once that he could have chosen his parents, they would have been at the very bottom of his list but that didn't really matter. What was quite unexpected however, coming from Howard, was how, with his scientific and rational mind, he had come down with bullshit like this... Or was that part of him already long gone and only remained a conceited, egotistic man, completely disconnected from the reality of this world?
Tony felt a shiver of shame flush through his body at the reminder but only nodded, hoping this was gonna end soon. He wiggled uncomfortably on his ass.
He needed to call Steve... He
He can't wait for this.
She always felt safer around betas. Although, being around Stark when she studied him felt appeasing. It was just a feeling at first, something she hadn't dwell on then. It became much stronger when she decided to live in the tower. For the first time she felt it. For the first time she understood what it meant being in a pack. This sense of belonging she had never felt before. She had underestimated the power of their instincts. They all had. With Tony, she finally grasped what it truly meant to be alpha. She learnt through him, from him—from living next to him, under his protection. She learnt from his mistakes as well.
Clint's smile fades a little and he stares down, chuckling softly. He inhales and lets out a long sigh before he answers, his finger softly brushing the neck of his beer. "I can't say it's still as hot and fiery as when we started dating, we've known each other for more than ten years... but we're not...we're not getting bored. We're trying new things, we're still...
he remembers, and that was the last thing he actually wanted to do and he doesn't know why he would purposely do something like this. Something in him is too rotten for Steve's pure unsullied hands. It's at times like this that he remembers.
Tony shrugged.
"I...err. You're gorgeous."
He's not even lying. There are some issues with the latest Starkpad that came back from the tests that absolutely need to be fixed by Saturday, he's pretty sure he will have to pull one or two all-nighters to meet the deadline. That doesn't mean he's not glad to have a valid excuse for skipping yet another dinner with Steve's friends. Not that he doesn't like them, he does, especially Clint. It's just that, contrary to Steve, he doesn't feel the need to see them every three days and have them on the phone several times a day.
"You're the one who harassed me to come with you... It's a little late for that now."
Again. And again. And again.
for once!"
Tony cringed and clenched his jaw to smother a scream of pain. He didn't want to give him the satisfaction. The ache was agonizing and Tony almost shed a tear, unexpectedly. He didn't remember when it had ever hurt that much, not even the first time had been that painful. Obie did not care one bit however, he kept thrusting, forcing Tony open, pounding into him until he was buried to the hilt. His cock felt like a burning stake, tearing his insides apart. Each one of his thrust spread the burning ache in his entire body. He ground his teeth and bit his tongue not to wail with the pain. Tony usually liked it when it hurt, he thought, but this was too much. On the upside, he didn't think about Steve anymore.
Steve remained silent through. And Steve's silence were upsetting. The Steve that Tony knew was a bundle of nerve, quick to react, never at a loss for angry words. Tony would rather he told him what he wanted to say. He'd rather be yelled at, get bawled out, get hit or beaten up, anything. Anything other than this incomprehensible and bitter silence. "Are you mad?" He asked timidly. The words were scorching his throat.
Steve let out a strangled laugh and frowned disbelievingly at his boyfriend.
"I'm just going out for a smoke on the terrace, I'll be back. I didn't mean to wake you up, I'm sorry, babe... You can go back to sleep."
He feels
He ordered his drink and struggled to stutter what he wanted with his gruff broken voice. His eyes were probably slightly unfocused because when he handed his cash, his hand was about two feet away from the waitress. The nasty brunette took his tip with a hateful glare. Tony might have been a little insistent, also he might have insulted her. He couldn't help it, she turned him on. Whenever she looked at him with that much hatred and despise, he felt the urge to push her down on her counter and fuck the shit out of her. On the upside, he was glad his dick was finally back to life. He glanced on the side, his gaze met with those of the brunette's coworker. His face looked vaguely familiar. Had they had sex already? Tony would be surprised if he remembered, he didn't think he remembered half of the people he had messed around with in his trashy life. It was fairly probable they happened though. The guy was hot with his slightly punk ways, even if his face was average. Besides, Tony liked blonds. He didn't dwell on it though, had much better things to do.
Now Felicia is asleep and Bucky feels the familiar burning hit his guts. It builds inside him, warms him up slowly, tingles softly his limbs. His skin prickles like thousands of tiny sparkles of electricity firing him up.
Steve is happy. Tony can see it. He can feel it, he can
Tasting his own blood, and else, wasn't as disgusting as he would have thought at first, and still not the worst thing he had had in his mouth. Once he was used to the smell, Tony wrapped his lips around the head and started licking it clean with unusual eagerness. Obie was extremely gentle this time, tangling his fingers in Tony's hair, caressing him, fondling his neck. His hold was still possessive but in a reassuring and protective way. He complimented him, a lot, until Tony started to moan softly around him, mind finally blank. He kept it slow and unnerving and was soon rewarded with the groans of pleasure of the man he was satisfying. Tony wanted to be good. He needed to be good, at least to someone. So when he felt something warm and liquid springing into his throat and heard Obie mumble lewdly: "Yeah... Come on, boy. Swallow it." while he pressed his head down on his cock, he did.
He looked up, eyes questioning. The gentler tone of his voice startled him. Tony hated gentle. Gentleness confused him. Gentleness sounded like Obie when he was torturing him and humiliating him.
"Were you or your partners wearing any protection?"
you to be perfect... because I'm obviously not." Steve's eyes are intense on him and he pinches his lips, expression turning suddenly serious. "Just..." He averts his eyes, perhaps to hide the concern in them. "Don't replace one addiction with another, please. I know you..."
"You wanna have fun? Let's have fun!"
. He swallowed the bile inside and clenched his fist and his jaw while shaking with rage, until it passed. Until he resigned and complied.
It was hell. Or if it wasn't it may as well have been it. It felt as hot at least, probably. Not that Steve had tested hell's temperature before but if hell did exist, he was sure it felt like that.
As he stared at his drawings powerlessly, he felt a benevolent presence looming over him. A familiar smell, though he was too upset to try finding out who it was. He recognized the voice, however. Instantly. And his heart started racing.
Tony doesn't need to look at his hand to become instantly self-conscious and start blushing. He's holding his hand in the air, fingers slightly parted as if to hold a phantom cigarette between his index and big fingers. The gesture is so natural to him, he hasn't even realized. It's not so surprising when you think about it, Tony has been doing this for years, drinking coffee while reading his tablet, checking his e-mails or the last blueprints for the next SI product launch, and smoking his first cigarette of the day at this very same table. The habit is ingrained in himself. He's trying his best to change that but some things take time. He should know, he's been on therapy for seven years now and he's still struggling.
He had come to the realization that day, that they could do this. They could be happy, the three of them. He just needed Tony to see it too. He just needed to get his alpha back.
Tony tweeted about the Avengers series, or anything Steve-related, every time a new issue was published or upcoming. He mentioned Steve's deeds, in passing, about every time he talked in public.
He made a clumsy attempt at laughing it out and straightened up on his seat, inching back from Steve's personal space. "Okay." He said with an undecipherable smile and Steve felt another pang of guilt clenching his heart. They were his friends and they meant well he supposed but Steve just wasn't an omega doll you could just play around with like a puppet, nor some kind of experiment. No matter how exciting it seemed to be able to get your hands on a male omega. He felt another twinge in his heart and turned away from Tony, sulking a little.
He yelled. "You don't wanna have anything to do with SI, or my money. You don't even want to
It's Clint on the phone, probably telling him he's going to be late and Steve doesn't need to rush or something like that. Tony isn't sure, he can't hear Clint's voice from where he's standing, only Steve's hums and short answers.
ready but he knew Tony wasn't and he played along. Steve suspected it had something to do with Tony's previous experiences. Tony told him everything that first day when Steve presented but he never went into details. Steve didn't push, Tony would tell him when he was ready, maybe. So far they haven't mentioned it again. That didn't matter, Steve was happy to pretend and wait. It was definitely worth it.
Tony chuckled and turned his head back to meet his gaze then dropped his upper body on mattress. "Let's consider that, on the premise that I've done pretty much everything you can do sexually without permanent body-modification, you should just assume that I have."
Tony suddenly remembers all the things James provided him that Steve has never done.
Fuck, he was tired... He really wished he could comply but his body didn't seem to follow. He felt himself go but Steve's hands held him gently. The smell of piss made him sick, his stomach churned and he started retching. He threw up, barely anything solid, and the pain he felt as he did so seemed to say that it wasn't the first time he vomited tonight.
A portrait of him through Steve's eyes. Tony loved how Steve saw him. He didn't hate himself in Steve's eyes. Little did Steve know how unfree Tony was though. His freedom only went as far as Howard and Obie let the leash loose. It only needed a little tug from them and Tony was kneeling down obediently at their feet. That realization made him freeze for a moment. He felt breathless and incapable of any move. And then he felt nauseous. He was pathetic.
Sam arrived when they were about to start the main course. Natasha's eyes shone and she erupted out of her seat to rush to the door. She was beaming when she followed him back and he sat next to her. Sam waved at everyone and nodded at their greetings. Steve stood up and demanded a hug that Sam happily gave him. He looked a little tired, Steve observed, but his smile was happy and gentle. Steve couldn't but notice the strands of grey hair on his temples. Sam had aged since the last time they saw each other. It seemed an eternity since they had a serious discussion about their respective lives. They had so much to catch up on.
know that's not true, though." Tony slurred on his nose, smile dancing seductively on his lips, still glistening with apple juice.
"Because... I'm going home?"
He takes a last drag from the joint and smash it in the ashtray on the nightstand.  "—wasn't the best of our ideas." He brushes a finger on Tony's cheek and gives him a gentle smile. Tony lets his friend comfort him as the latter sits him up and cradles him into a protective embrace. Tony drops his head, or hides himself, into his neck. Everything is blurry and his heart is racing a little too fast, probably. And if he's been crying a little, well... no-one says anything about it. The good thing is, he might not remember about it tomorrow. Some silver lining.
"I literally hate you right now, you know?" Steve blurted, still hiding his embarrassed face into his hand.
After a moment of eerie silence, as they reached a quieter place, Steve accelerated his pace a little and turned on his feet to face his boyfriend. Tony stopped and smiled at him, still holding his hand. Steve stared into the shiny brown of his eyes and smiled.
It felt home and safe and comforting. Especially with two omegas in the pack. And the pup was just a blessing. The cement of that pack. Natasha felt home for the first time in her life.
"Wow. I didn't expect you to have that many, actually." Steve must have had five or six toys in that box though... Pretty mild too.
Dark-haired guy let out a startled, mirthless laugh and roughed him up again. "Tony? I thought your name was Greg... " He said while slapping him again and called him a liar. The man's angry gaze was entrancing, Tony was a little dazzled for a moment. For a moment he was tempted to swallow the dick presented to him and forget about everything else—Tony was conditioned to submit to assertive guys, sadly—but Steve's voice reasoned him. It pulled him out his intoxicated daze.
The brutal and sudden rush of hormones is flooding him and he drops, body limp into Tony's embrace. He feels like he's flying, like he's not in his own body anymore but somewhere between himself and the alpha. Their nest has become a vast ocean on which he's floating away, the sky infinite and filled with love and hope. He can barely feel Tony's gentle touches on his face.
"I've wanted to talk to you but you were so busy with Felicia..."
The hot water felt so good on his skin, slowly awakening all the cells in his numb body, it was exhilarating. Steve had taken a particularly long shower this morning and the heat was making him feel dizzy now. He glanced at his reflection while he tied a huge towel around his thin waist, his abused sensitive skin was all red and puffy. He regretted nothing. Not even the love bite cradled in the crook of his neck, reminiscent of last night. An unwilling smile spread on his face as he looked away from the mirror, avoiding his own reflection and the shameful blush that had started to creep on his face.
Tony had been such a gentleman, just like he liked to do sometimes. He had deposed Steve's coat on his shoulders, pressing gentle but strong hands on arms, had paid without Steve noticing, had kissed him, so softly, once they were out of sight. Steve had curled up his hand around his neck then, cold fingers pressing against the warm and shivering skin of his boyfriend. Tony had gasped and grabbed his hand, not to remove it but to warm it up, and he had smiled against Steve's lips.
The night breeze was cool and freshened up his face. He shivered and closed his eyes as he breathed in and opened them up while he puffed out warm fume. Tony was leaning on the railing, the white curls of smoke dancing around him. Everything was peaceful up here, so high from the swarming of the city's nightlife. Steve felt a sting, just like he sometimes did when he got a glimpse of Tony lost in his thought, and came to the heavy realization that he was head over heels with this man. It still happened. He still had that feelings sometimes, his heart clenched and a wave of love and affection overwhelmed him as if he was falling in love again.
Tony was half-seated on a stool, his back turned to Steve, and held his nth drink in his left hand. His right hand lay on his knee, shaking a little. "What are you doing here?" He asked in a bitter, angry tone.
"I haven't even presented yet!" Steve protested.
Tony had never asked himself. Obie had made him take the preventive treatment. Almost as soon as it was available. He was the one who insisted he got tested regularly and kept tabs on him but Tony had no idea about the man's actual status. They had never worn protection. Thinking of Obie made him feel queasy, it roiled inside and rose up to his throat, burning, dizzying. He felt suddenly dirty, it tingled and scratched and crawled under his skin.
Tony raised an unconvinced eyebrow. "But?" He asked resignedly, breaking Steve's heart a little.
Steve inched back, startled, and dropped his arms on his sides. He gasped, lost for words, and stared back into his boyfriend's intense gaze.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him, although Tony was still looking at the view outside, his back turned to him. "That it was impersonal..." Steve admitted in a sigh.
"And then no-one was waiting on us, and my dad was upset—to say the least—and finally, Steve in all his glory and his bold professionalism, came to our table. My dad started to insult him, like the jerk he was, and I...I just couldn't take my eyes off him because he was so fucking beautiful up close and because, I don't know, there was something more about him, I'm not sure really but.... Who the fuck was this guy who offered the same dedication to that homeless old lady and to Howard fucking Stark?" Tony's voice was ecstatic and his eyes twinkled before he calmed himself down on his own, trying to repress his excitement. His smile was huge though, huge and hazy and there were stars in his eyes. Steve felt his heart leap.
Tony growls and they both moan, losing control. The alpha is on the verge to come and took possession of Steve's throat so Bucky gets up and lets them enjoy their reunion on their own. They need it after a week of absence.
Tony knew exactly what he had to do.
The alpha just fascinated him.
Steve sighs, shoulders slumped in defeat. He pauses and looks away, expression forlorn. "No, we can't." He agrees. "But we can start over."
"These are just unfounded and despicable theories," Steve snarled. "You, people, really need to get out in the real world, get back to your pathetic and unfulfilling lives and stop projecting your fantasies on us. I'm sorry to break it up to you and tell you the sad truth but Captain America and Iron Man are just fictional characters and don't exist in real life. Thank you. Next please."
By the time Steve was on his knees, Tony was fully hard, cock springing proud and erect in front of him, beautiful. Steve smiled smugly and stared up at him, lips brushing the inside of his thighs. His boyfriend had his eyes closed at first and was biting his lips. Steve nipped at his skin and they flared open, lewd and burning with desire. No grief, no pain, no stress, nothing but pure lust and silent gratitude.
"Back then I had all my life before me. I was free and full of hope. I was young and plenty of opportunities."
He also knows that Steve is looking at them. His boyfriend is a little confused maybe but mostly annoyed. Maybe that's why Loki is acting with restraint.
"You remember that first time?" Steve said nonchalantly.
Tony's smile shied and he grabbed his hand, intertwining their fingers together. "Where do you wanna go?" He asked, so very seriously.
He hears the step of the alpha coming closer. He has been presumably making some coffee, if the smell of it was any indicator. Not that Bucky could distinguish much of it, what with the strong odor of alpha-omega mating, but, enhanced senses and all, he can detect a tinge of the aroma underneath the intoxicating smell.
Steve almost choked on his own spit, remembering the taste of her on his tongue. "Why Natasha? She's alpha." Something twinged in his heart, well, he might not have presented yet, but he was pretty sure he was omega. At least, he had that for himself, for better or worse. Omegas were supposed to date alphas and alphas omegas. Why would Tony go from
None of it was sexual though. They were two people who had gotten used to each other and had grown fond of each other. Two people who were seeking in each other what they needed. It was both sad and beautiful in a sense. Steve had been shocked the first time he had seen the Omega at Tony's feet, nuzzling against his legs, but it made complete sense afterwards. He had stared at the scene bewildered and felt something warm spreading in his chest at the sight. He understood the need and the comfort of it. He understood that both of them needed this. He needed it too, but had never wanted to give in to the urge.
he thought and stared at Tony who looked intensely at him with a penetrating gaze.
can?"
Thank you for reading and indulging me! ;-)
Tony looked away, biting his bottom lip. "Yeah but..." He mumbled hesitantly. "You won't have a place anymore."
Steve laughed softly and raked his hand in his boyfriend's hair. "Tony, I can take care of my own business, you know? I don't need you to handle everything for me. And it's not like you've got the time anyway. I made a really good deal, with a good capital gain. I don't even need the money. Stop being a control freak, please."
slick flowing out of him. The alpha runs a tender hand into his sweaty sticky hair and snuggles against him. "You sure?" He whispers in Steve's ear. "You really sure about this?"
go." He took a deep breath. "In all those years," he rasped, "I was never able to get over you."
"What's the E for?" Steve asked, needing to take control of that conversation again, he usually had it. That was probably the one thing he was pretty good at: mouthing off. Tony guy impressed him though, more than he would admit, more than he could ever accept.
Tony brushes his lips softy over his bonding gland and plants a kiss there. The omega shivers from head to toe, body pliant under Tony's hands. He pushes into the shower and takes a gratifying pleasure washing him thoroughly, removing the slick, the sex grime and the anxiety. They both spread lather on each other now as James feels more confident and legitimate around him. This moment of reconnection is so calm and tender between them, silent, like most of their interactions have always been.
Clint lies down next to him and crosses his arms behind his head. "Don't tell me that you and Steve never spice up your sex life with a little extra once in a while!"
"What is this about?" Tony asked, eyes fixed on the TV screen. His boyfriend hadn't turned around when he had come down, he kept staring at the screen with an amused fascination. His voice sounded chipper, curious, and something playful seemed to glimmer in his eyes.
Steve rolled his eyes and denied everything. He was still conspicuously flushed but he ignored it and pretended they believed him. Bucky ruffled his hair and chuckled playfully as he dragged Steve along to the other side of the corridor, where the three of them had been heading before this whole finger-brushing incident.
"Oh—My—God!!!" He exclaims. "Guys!!!"
Tony looked around, eyes filled with wonders. He was smiling and this time it really was innocent. His eyes darted all around the room, marveling at everything, and he made a beeline for Steve's desk, as if he already knew, instinctively, that it was there that Steve worked. Steve's heart clenched. Tony probably did know, because he knew Steve and because he had always been observant and surely he had noticed that even if it wasn't the biggest working area, it was the one with the best lighting. It shouldn't surprise him anymore that Tony knew him so well, but it did and his insides were fluttering at the thought.
(See the end of the chapter for
He was out of it when his boyfriend insulted him, mostly. Although Steve's words hurt more than any blow Tony had ever received from anyone.
Steve was happy to forget about everything and immerse himself in Dickens. English was one of his favorite subjects after arts and he was thoroughly considering it when applying for college next year. Therefore he focused all his attention on the class while catching his breath slowly,
He stopped talking. He stopped laughing. He stopped smiling. His hands both dropped down along his sides. He was standing there like a beautiful statue, cold and devoid of life, and just stared. He stared at the full-size naked body in front of him, showcased in the perfect lighting. He stared at the stained wing, the broken wing, and the pure white one. He stared at the blood, at the darkness and the pain that transpired from the painting. He stared at the desolation and despair you could barely perceive in the corner of his eye. He stared at the sorrow around him, the melancholy in his expression, the dark future his surroundings suggested, the depth of human misery. The painting hadn't left anyone indifferent but for everyone else it was just a fallen angel who happened to look like his boyfriend. For Steve though, and maybe for Tony too, it was much more than that, much more. For Steve it represented so much. Everything that had happened. All the pain, all the horror.
He didn't deserve nice, so never mind, he would still take this. It would take his mind off things at least and it would feel good, maybe. Sucking Obie's cock, when he wasn't thinking about Steve, was comforting like coming back home. Well, when Tony said 'like coming back home' he really meant it as a general reference, not that coming back to
The name makes his mind go blank, the hoarse and sharp commanding tone of the alpha too. His head spins. He's frozen for a moment and then he snaps out of it and shoves his hand inside himself where flushes of slick are flowing down and then brings his slicked-up hand to the alpha's ass, rolling a lubed-up finger around the rim softly. Then he adds more pressure until Tony spasms and quivers with want in his embrace.
Nothing was said. Tony went his way and kept seducing potential donators. Steve went back to the buffet and ordered his fifth drink with a bad taste in his mouth but it was only in the car on their way home that he breached the subject.
Pepper let out an exasperated grunt at the other end of the phone. "Argh, Tony. This is just a friendly gathering with a lot of drugs and booze involved. Just wear whatever you wear every time you see him. Be yourself! You're not even trying to impress him."
He startles. He really did not expect that kind of reply. He pauses, wondering. Are they in trouble? As far as Tony's concerned, he's never been as happy as those last months of sharing a life with Steve. "Hum, no... We're fine." He finally says. "I mean, we're good. It's been amazing so far. I mean, it's perfect when it's just the two of us."
"Tony, no..." He whispered unconvincingly.
you, Tony. And the line has always been blurry in your head, but only when it came to
a poor kid from Brooklyn to help him out with his English assignments. Tony certainly didn't need anyone and certainly not the likes of him. He could probably afford having a private tutor or several tutors, one for each subject. Why had Tony transferred to their lousy school anyway? So far from home?
Stark jerked his head in his direction as if he could feel Steve's burning stare in the middle of the crowd. Their eyes met for a split second. Steve felt a jolt of electrify running down his spine. The dark glint in Stark's eyes quickly changed from surprised to amused. He smiled softly. His smiles were always soft, Steve had noticed, when they were addressed to him, while they were acid, arrogant smirks with everybody else. Must be some misplaced gratitude because Steve had helped him on his first day, or perhaps it was another side-effect of Steve's short, non-threatening figure. Another reason why Steve hated that guy, he didn't need condescending sympathy, especially not from a guy two years younger than him. They didn't even speak to each other anyway.
Tony chuckled and straightened up, already forgiving his boyfriend for tricking him, and wrapped his arms around Steve affectionately, seeking his mouth with chocolate-tasting lips. Steve cupped his face, snuggling close. "Open your eyes, now," he rasped softly, "and look at me baby."
His boyfriend went berserk. He shoved him, made him stumble a few step back and screamed at him. Tony laughed... because, really, he couldn't cry.
get one hundred percent involved in this. Somehow, with everything, I kinda had renounced having kids then. Being a dad in my fifties...never been a plan but, hey, life is full of surprises."
His head starts spinning and his clearheadedness is ebbing away. Bucky lets it go completely. He lets himself glide down the slope, reaching the blissful headspace in which heat places them, enjoys the
"We're gonna have a snowy Christmas this year," he said excitedly. Then his warm chocolatey eyes were back on Steve as he took his hand.
He couldn't even do that simple thing right. Make James feel wanted and home.
It all happened naturally.
It doesn't matter that Steve came back. He always does. It doesn't matter, now, that Steve smiles beautifully to him. It doesn't matter that he submits just like a docile omega, just Tony has always secretly wished from him. Tony isn't a fool as to ever trust Steve's submission again. Every time he went down on his knees, Tony was double slapped with the back of his hand. Tony never truly wanted him on his knees anyway. Steve was always too grand for this. He is a free spirit and shall never be put in a cage.
Natasha growls as an answer and leaps on the bed like a wild beast, mounting the confused beta. She kisses him and it's brutal and urgent. She bites and tears and knocks. Clint groans and moans into her mouth, completely swiped away by her ferocity. "Are we really doing this, Nat? After all those years..."
anyway. He dug his own grave and he's not proud of it either but not because of the sex thing, nor because he might have died that night. Because of Steve. Because it
After a few moments it softened and Steve felt completely empty. Physically and emotionally empty. He heard someone rattling in the kitchen and looked at the time. His mum must have come back. He felt the urgent need to run to her and hold her in his arms, maybe cry a little more on her shoulder.
"Our butler." Tony deadpanned. Something felt weird in Steve's chest. Tony had a butler... "So?"
He musters up the courage to look at him. Their eyes lock into each other. The alpha's are wanton, pupils blown out, glowing with fierce and carnal yearning.  His nostrils are flaring. There is a slight tremor and tension in his jaw. He can see how the alpha is struggling to fight his instincts and control his urges. He knows Tony hates that part of himself. He hates himself too in that moment. He hates their nature and the way they always fall into the same patterns, inevitably surrendering and indulging in their basic needs.
Hum...
"You might be upset but
And lost himself in the profound darkness of his eyes. "Yeah, I know." He finally said, feeling a pang in his chest at Tony's disappointed face. "I don't know why I said that."
"Pick on someone your own size. Jerk!" A snarky but melodic voice hissed.
Steve soft hands slide up around his neck and he tiptoes to catch Tony's mouth into a hot and wet languorous kiss. Everything inside Tony turns into mush and he's on fire again. his boyfriend tiptoeing to claim him is just the hottest thing ever.
His boyfriend walked back inside the office, smile victorious. He still looked shamelessly debauched. He leant against the wall and crossed his arms in silence.
Tony averts his eyes, unable to bear with the intensity of his desire. "Steve doesn't." He says with a pouty mouth. Bucky always loved this about him. Also, he had known the alpha would want to treat both of them equally.
Steve wanted him gone so Tony left. He grabbed his phone and credit cards left by Steve on his worktable and he left. He wasn't even sure he put on shoes. He hesitated, for a long moment, between the door and the window. The window really was an appealing option. At this height, there was a chance Tony would die of a heart-attack before his body touched the ground. Although Tony deserved a horrible and painful death. A heart-attack sounded too good for him, too quick, too lenient. Tony needed to suffer before he died. He needed to pay for what he did to Steve. This was too easy and if Tony was going to kill himself he should at least have the decency not to bother Steve with it. That sounded like a petty revenge, Steve deserved better than that from him.
"How is it for you? When you're in heat..." He croaked out.
There is a growing lump of guilt and regret swelling in his chest and he can't breathe anymore. He lets out a shivering breath and feels tear prickle at the corners of his eyes.
Steve opened his mouth in shock. Tony rushed toward the elevator. His hand was bleeding. "I'm gonna go to the workshop." He just said in a hoarse voice. Steve felt his rage blow up.
A small crowd started to gather. A few took their dicks out to jerk themselves off. A bit more of courage would do them good though, Tony still had a free hand. Some of them took their phones out which made Tony shiver with lust, taking a perverse pleasure in imagining his dad seeing the video. He wasn't worried. If it ever got out he was pretty sure it would be dealt with even before it reached the media. Obie kept a thorough eye on it, undoubtedly, otherwise it would have already happened, and he had JARVIS on the watch too, just in case. If it really got out then, well... he certainly wouldn't be the one to be ashamed. Fuck! He was still thinking too much. Those guys were too hesitant. He needed more. He needed to be roughed up, to be face-fucked, to be slapped and spat on. He was almost sure he could actually come from that, with the right guy.
"I'm sorry..." He mumbled, feeling the words scorching his throat.
Tony burst out laughing, throwing his head backward, his laugh shaking his chest and resonating in Steve like a charm. "Isn't that the point?"
Steve may look confident but he isn't. He's terrified, laying bare in front of him, attempting everything. Tony can feel everything. And he could lie to himself and pretend but there's never been so much honesty and so much vulnerability in Steve's eyes before.
Steve startled at the unexpected compliment and felt a blush starting to creep on his face. He looked down sheepishly.
"Oh there was this really annoyingly persistent guy who followed me around everywhere." Jane was happy to answer. "I really thought he had lost a bet or something at first..."
Tony turned to him, expression confused, half-surprised, half-interested. "You rejected Wilson? How come? Not your fancy?"
Why weren't they giving him a break?
"I was just—" Tony started but didn't go through with it. "Hey," he said instead, "can I offer you a drink?"
"I told you so." Tony replied enigmatically.
Steve felt a shudder of rage throughout his body. "You're not. And
"Both."
He can't even see that they just want one fucking thing: be put on their knees and knotted. They both shake and start purring each time Tony crosses their path. And their horny, desperate honey-spiced scents spread around the tower, arousing, entrancing,
even. Tony likes that very much, he feels dazed. There's a thread of saliva connecting them when Steve's pulls out and he licks it off his lips before giving him another smile, slightly lustful this time.
Steve frowned at him. "An alpha attracted to another alpha...?" He asked skeptically.
Loki startles at first and then he chuckles softly, happy to play the part. "Hi, Tony. Very nice to meet you."
pressured. He smiled back at him, willing to be gentle too. "Thanks."
He rolled the toy inside Tony, then took it off, added some more lube and shoved it in again. The toy was sliding out of his ass every time Tony clenched on it and Steve pushed it in again, going deeper and deeper each time, inch by inch. Tony let out a long keening whine and remained a shivering mess on the bed, cock rock-hard and forming a wet stain of precum on Steve's sheets.
Steve wasn't able to answer because Tony barely let him breathe and kissed him again, very softly, lovingly. He kissed again and again, until Steve's body was a furnace in his strong embrace, a bundle of lust and need.
"This is amazing though." Tony muttered after a peaceful moment. "Nat and Sam becoming parents! I'm so happy for them." Tony unconsciously squeezed Steve's hand. He had a soft expression on his face and a hazy smile, looking lost in happy thoughts, and Steve's heart made a leap. The idea that Tony might want kids someday lingering at the back of his mind.
"I'm not asking you to, I just... I want you to feel comfortable here. I thought, maybe..."
Getting Tony back has been a slow and tenuous process. To be honest, Steve had no idea how to approach him and months passed. Felicia grew up and Bucky's cycle returned.
to, but he didn't. Out of fear, out of respect, maybe because he was confused. A thought suddenly crossed his mind. A few things Tony had said. Things he had done. The way he acted around Steve sometimes, the way he smelled. Things Steve hadn't noticed before, or maybe had ignored—he wasn't sure—but now it became kind of obvious to him and doubt festered in his heart. It was racing in his chest, so fast it was hard to breathe.
Steve opened his eyes wide, questioningly. He shrugged. "Yeah. Sure."
It was... not exactly a shrine in his honor but almost, Steve blushed to admit. Tony's bedroom was spacious with a large king's size bed and fancy beddings. There were books all scattered on the floor and on the bedside tables. The lights were adjustable for the best comfort. There were huge plushy armchairs in front of the view. For most of Tony's apartment was surrounded with glass walls through which you could, according to the way you configured the tint, see the entire city underneath.
of Tony, he could make himself bleed until the pain in his chest went away.
"Not being the alpha you expected me to be?"
Tony looked at him and his face seemed to relax a little. Something like gratitude pooled in his eyes.
