Mycroft was tearing up; he did not know how to feel. He could still remember his father’s last words: to take care of his brothers, primarily Sherlock. Their father had died of cancer when Mycroft was 32, and the other boys were 23 and 22 respectively.
“You had your patented Mycroft face while you were talking to my brother.” Sherlock mucked smile.
“Oh my God, Sherlock. I didn’t know,” John said, picking up Sherlock’s hand and kissing it. “I am sorry.”
No wonder you hated us, the medical field; that is the reason you don’t go to hospital more often.  John thought, as he shifted the car from gear one to two. “I didn’t know,” John said in an apologetic tone. “What did your day consist of?”
When Sherlock had first come back to London, John hadn’t reacted very well. He had implied that he had moved on and punched Sherlock to boot. Sherlock had just taken it. John noticed Sherlock was shaking while taking each punch with grace. “John,” he had said, “I am sorry; let me explain.” He let Sherlock explain about Moriarty and Moran. John had felt even more guilty about the punches he had pulled.
He shook Sherlock’s shoulder. “Go away, John,” Sherlock said.
With shaking hands, he dialed 999. Sherlock woke up for a bit. He was a bit disoriented which gave John more courage to call. "Floor 4 unit 8, 248 Marylebone road. My partner has been sick for a week or so, with a fever, disorientation, loss of appetite and weight loss. He is 34.”
Sherlock nodded his head.  They stood up and went to their room.
“Oh, so why does he need an aid? If he is the best student in  Cambridge?” I said.
“Okay,” John said. “Mr Holmes would call you if he would be taking your case, Sherlock?”
“Yes, as if you didn’t know,” John said.
“Why?” the doctor asked.
“Jonas Victoria, has the most historic abuse accusations with thirty,” Sherlock said. “He worked at Bedford form 1965-1993; he is dead now. there was that. How many are the active ones?”
“I did coke and screwed it up.”
A couple of hours later, John and Sherlock sat in their hotel room drinking wine and decidedly not talking to each other after the day they’d had. Sherlock fell asleep promptly and John, not really wanting to sleep, sat deep in thought.
“I can, I know.”
John and Sherlock were back in London for five days. John Watson was on the way in Sherlock’s BMW (which he didn’t know Sherlock had) to go and meet with his mother alone. He had been thinking about his childhood since he and Sherlock had come back from the United States.
“Why?” John couldn’t comprehend. “Foreman said it's good.”
“Mrs. Jazz, I am John Watson, we’re consulting with St. George Police. Why did you let your son be abused?” John asked, angry.
“I have a printer in the lab,” Sherlock said walking towards his lab to print it. “John lets go to bed after I print this.”
I nodded at her. I am not naive. I knew that a relationship with a mute person, with autism, five years my junior wouldn’t be a good idea. “I am very sure.”
John woke up to the attendant shaking his shoulder. “We are here, Dr Watson. Welcome to America.”
I handed him his phone, and said, “Explain, Sherlock.”
“Wait, Sherlock. What is it in the package?”
Sherlock looked at her. He was a bit annoyed and John understood; they were tired. “I thought you said…”
“We're still working, can you come here?”
“Here where?” Sherlock asked, a bit disoriented.
“You need to take the Valium, Sherlock,” John told Sherlock while they were in the car headed to the airport.
Milverton was sat at his desk. “Okay, boys, can I see your CV.”
“Moran shot me,” Sherlock said.
His voice was getting louder by the moment. “So you didn’t care, on what was happening on Maximilian at school.”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock said to Greg.
“Okay, will see him, love you, Sherlock.” He said, smiling slightly.
XxXxXxXxX
“Okay,” he said.
“Okay,” John said, after Greg nodded.
Mrs Hudson looked at him dubiously. “Sherlock, what? As in Rainman?"
“I told him that he needed to mine his own business; in that fashion,” Callahan whispered.
“A kid gave us a book cypher,” Sherlock began; not understanding Greg’s facial expression. He handed Greg the cypher.
I had never needed to work my entire life. Until now. I will work as an aid to some students with a disability with their exams and just being a friend to them.
He nodded.
“You were a kid; that have a love-hate relationship with big brother,” John said smiling.
“For what, Sherrin?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock snapped and was in John’s face.  “This is becoming tedious. I hate hospitals, John, I hate the smell and the sound. I can hear the monitors from here,” Sherlock said.
“Yes. And she likes that you’re a doctor. I told you.”
“Yes.” John plucked Sherlock’s right hand from his shoulder and kissed his knuckles. “I have no complaints.”
But he couldn’t. This is what Mycroft was talking about. He had replaced one lethal fix with another, chasing scintillating thrill and danger, only in a different form, one that he also lied to himself that he could control. He was always the smartest person in the room. This cabbie’s intellect might be a match for his own, but not superior. There was only one of those, and he was halfway across London right now. Sherlock could win this. This wasn’t like last time. This was a match of wits, not violence, and it had only been an unhappy chance that had caused him to lose that time.
John grunted, rolling onto his side and tugging Sherlock’s hand down. Sherlock obliged him by brushing his fingers up John’s head in small circles and down his back. John had liked that earlier. John rumbled contentedly, almost like a cat purr. Grinning, Sherlock turned back to his book, but he didn’t pay it as close attention as before, not with the distraction of John’s fur stroking his fingertips as he massaged him.
What kind of relationship did Sherlock want?
Remorse burned in John’s eyes, but Sherlock didn’t care. Fuck his guilt. Fuck his frustration over people not believing in selkies. Fuck his neat house and the loneliness in his eyes.
John glanced between Sherlock and his skin, a shift in his expression and lifting of his lips suggesting that he guessed at the source of Sherlock’s merriment, but he didn’t mention it.
“How are you feeling now?”
John brushed a curl off Sherlock’s forehead.
“Oh, come on. You know I don’t.”
“Huh. Good to know.”
Mycroft frowned.
The call ended. Sherlock started dialing John’s number but stopped himself halfway. If John was willing to talk to him, he wouldn’t have left. Would calling him annoy him more? He locked his phone. Unlocked it. Locked it again. He ripped open the biscuit bag, stuffed a biscuit into his mouth, then dialed John’s number and pressed the call button. The phone rang. And rang. It went to voicemail, John’s cheerful voice asking him to leave a message.
“Likewise.”
“My intelligence. My impeccable taste. My good sense of style. Much better than that of some in this room.”
Wait? Why was John telling Mycroft to wait? And what was he trying to convey as he turned to Sherlock with that inquisitive, uncertain, yet determined look? Sherlock couldn’t read minds.
“It’s okay, Sherlock,” John murmured. “But you need to let me in. No more leaving me behind, okay?”
“There are other things you can wear.”
John at least had the decency to look a tad chagrined by this.
“Under the circumstances, it’s the latter. You certainly know how to throw me for a loop, don’t you? But it is unusual to see you latch onto someone like this. I had feared that it wouldn’t happen again. Mrs. Hudson is more of a mother figure. DI Lestrade is the closest you have had, and you can’t be bothered to learn his first name.”
“God, you sound like Mycroft. I don’t need any sort of influence, stabilizing or otherwise. But he is wonderful.” A smile jerked on Sherlock’s face at that. “He loves music. He’s smart. Not as smart as me, obviously, but who is?”
John’s face softened in understanding.
“Because you know how he is. It’s not really a safe thing to tell him, is it?”
“Are we going to complain about Mycroft now? Please say yes. I’m dying to, but John and Mrs. Hudson are sick of hearing me go on about him.”
Sherlock directed this last at Greg, who puffed up in indignation like an angry crow.
Greg had watched him steadily throughout Mycroft’s little speech, distress and nostalgia mixing in his eyes. He had held himself very still, focusing so keenly on Mycroft that continuing to meet his gaze hurt, yet Mycroft could do no less. He wouldn’t disrespect Greg by being cowardly enough to look away, not now, not when he was so desperate to demand this of him. It was the least that he could give. Now that the truth couldn’t be recalled, Greg shifted on his feet, sucking in a breath.
“You’re welcome. Shall I play one of my compositions now?”
“Of course human eyes. I need to know the effect of different toxins on the human body. I did tell you that I conduct experiments with human specimens.”
Sherlock looked up at John.
It took no effort at all to curb the shock from his voice to reassure Greg. So what if he wasn’t human? John wasn’t human and he was an admirable partner. Nothing had changed about Greg in the last few minutes. He was still the same man who Mycroft loved. The only thing that had been altered was Mycroft’s perception of one aspect of him. Greg raised his eyes again, tense, but he nodded, breathing slowly through his nose.
“You’re welcome. I’ll be back in a sec with the tea. Milk and sugar?”
“Why didn’t you tell me? And why are you acting like it’s the end of the world?”
A slight blush crept up John’s face at that. Sherlock felt the increased warmth as John pressed their cheeks together in good-bye.
Sherlock immediately backed away.
“Liar. Your breathing is still altered. I bet your heart rate is, too. And you’re gripping your umbrella like it’s the only thing keeping you from going insane.”
“Went straight to Scotland Yard, no doubt,” Mycroft said.
Sherlock desperately fought the urge to look away and shuffle his feet.
Why had Sherlock promised that, exactly?
Sherlock looked away again, frowning at the pillow.
“Hallucination?” John frowned at him in startled confusion. “You think you were hallucinating?”
“You’re welcome. You handled it a lot better this time. I have to admit, I was a little worried that you wouldn’t.”
Sherlock scowled at that.
“Don’t give me those puppy eyes. I’m not my brother. Where’s the fourth body?”
“I’ll play when we get to your house,” Sherlock said, his smirk widening as John smiled, nearly buzzing with anticipation.
“Yeah. Most humans are idiots.”
`````````````````
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.
“Sure, I’ll try my best, but I can’t make any promises. He is really stubborn. You know, you didn’t have to kidnap me to tell me all this. You could have just come into my office.”
Sherlock sighed against John’s hair. He had been hoping to avoid this subject for a bit longer.
“We’re not really labeling it, as we’re attracted to each other in different ways. John’s bi. It’s romantic on his side. Platonic on mine. I’m also aromantic. I’m attracted to him in other ways, too, but not that. Do you know what aromantic means?”
Sherlock jumped, startled. He turned to Greg, who held a hand up in surrender.
“Yes, I can see that. Pardon me for eavesdropping, but I saw how you behaved after I left the car.” Mycroft turned toward John, who had been observing the two of them with desperate hope pleading in his eyes. “I hope you realize how rare it is for my brother to be so demonstrative towards anyone.”
“That was exactly the ‘all that’ I was referring to,” Mrs. Hudson said, fixing Sherlock with a disapproving expression.
Greg followed his gaze and plucked off the hair, holding it up with a embarrassed air.
“I’d rather lean on you and walk myself.”
The door of Mrs. Hudson’s flat opened behind them. There she was. Best get this over with. Unless John thought it was too soon and put it off even longer. It was his secret, after all. Sherlock didn’t really get a say in it.
“There’s something going on,” Lestrade said. “What are you up to?”
“Obviously. I’d leave out the part about you being a selkie. Claiming such ridiculous things tends to undermine one’s credibility.”
The softness of his smile was a thing of beauty.
“I told you to wait,” Sherlock said, “until I got back so that I could watch.”
“You’re not the only one,” she said, smirking at Sherlock.
“I’ve never done this in human form before. It’s going to sound silly. We close our eyes and rub our noses and cheeks together.”
“Tell me what?”
“You told him everything? He knows what you will and won’t do?”
Sherlock leaned forward on his elbows, rubbing his hands together.
Lestrade replied.
“Oh, no. Not that fast. Mrs. Hudson would kick me out again. She would probably drag me back to the station herself. She specifically told me to stay with you a little longer. That it would do me good.”
“Hang on,” John said, grinning at Sherlock’s eagerness as he pulled off his jacket. “I’ll just be a second. I’m wearing a bit more than you.”
“How is this possible?” Mycroft asked.
“That’s true. But I need to learn where everything is, don’t I? So where are they?”
Sherlock ducked through the door to grab his coat.
“I don’t see why we can’t just do it the way I want. It wouldn’t be difficult.”
“Yeah. I wasn’t planning to. Things just went in that direction. Are you sure you’re okay with this? You look better than before, but you’re a little hard to read sometimes. I was expecting you to be more freaked out still.”
Sherlock stood up.
“Yeah.”
“I normally wouldn’t say this,” John said, “but I’m enjoying that you’re taller than me. This feels cozy. Having you wrapped around me like this.”
“I was a little scared at first, but that faded within a few minutes. Mostly I was excited. I was ten on holiday in Wales. I hadn’t reached the age yet where you stop believing that fairies and trolls are real. And I never did. So when a huge horse with a seaweed mane fished me out of the lake where I had swum in too deep, I was ecstatic. My parents saw it all, but wouldn’t believe that it was a kelpie and not some strange horse that had run off from some farm somewhere. But I knew I wasn’t imagining things. They weren’t comfortable taking me swimming anymore after that, but I went back when I was old enough to go on my own, hoping that the kelpie was still there. It took me a couple of trips, but I did find her. She remembered me. She lives in a town not far from the lake. Very friendly once I convinced her that I wasn’t going to tell anybody and was just curious. We still keep in touch. I’ve met a few other non-humans since then.”
John rolled his eyes.
John sucked in a low breath, hands still on Sherlock’s foot before grabbing a rolled up bandage from his kit. He had yet to look Sherlock in the eye.
“If you knew my name for the last five years, you would know that no one calls me Gregory. It’s Greg.”
John frowned at him.
The words slipped out of Sherlock’s mouth, but he wouldn’t take them back.
He’d told Mrs. Hudson about Victor, but not this part.
“Do you wish to sleep? I can set up one of the spare bedrooms.”
“Just a bit, yes. But it’s not that far.”
“Excellent. I propose that we not move until then.”
“”You’ll be fine,” John said, trying to cheer up for Sherlock’s sake. “Just play it by ear.”
“Are you going to be alright here by yourself?” Mycroft asked.
“Yes.”
Mycroft’s smile softened into a fond and awed “I can’t believe Sherlock actually asked to breathe the same air as me” expression that made Sherlock squirm with awkward embarrassment. Would this ever stop feeling weird? God, he needed a cigarette. It was times like this that he wished that he enjoyed drinking. It would be so much easier.
“In a minute. It’s only 11.”
Mycroft lowered his head, hesitating before speaking the words of confirmation that Greg both wished and didn’t wish to hear.
“Oh. He didn’t kidnap him, did he?”
“Precisely. You don’t. But if you’re so concerned about me languishing in solitude, it will please you to know that Greg will be joining me this evening. Yes,” Sherlock added at Mycroft’s subtle brow rise. “I know his name now.”
Why had this not occurred to him until now? She was an old woman, living by herself. Sure, she was hardly helpless. And the owners of the café next door checked in on her when he was away, as well as Lestrade, but this trip had prolonged itself to nearly a month by now, much longer than any of his previous absences. John or not, he shouldn’t leave her alone for much longer.
“Why? Why would you want to? Do you usually go around saving random humans? And why do have a human house? Do you spend half of your life in the sea and half on land? Is John your real name? Why would a sea creature have a human name?”
Greg rang the doorbell a little after 1pm. Mrs. Hudson answered the door so that Sherlock wouldn’t have to go down the stairs unnecessarily. Sherlock rushed to open his own flat door and called down to Greg.
“I always knew that Greg was a very fair-minded individual. I assumed that it came from his upbringing, and it seems I was correct. Only, it goes beyond that. He never has approved of what he calls my high handed tactics.”
“No, you can’t. Nor are there paintings or films. Or tea.” John raised his cup. “Also brilliant. The small trips weren’t enough for me. Every chance I got, I stayed for more time until it was too difficult to do so without some sort of proper documentation. So I decided to get some. We have people who do that, too. Most don’t decide to go to uni, though, and I’ve never heard of anyone else going to medical school.”
“Thank you,” he said. It would be bad form not to express gratitude, wouldn’t it, even if he had done so just a minute before. “That’s very kind of you.”
“He’s smarter than you?”
“Alright.”
John shot him a quizzical look.
Sherlock’s face didn’t show anything but cocky rivalry, but it was so obvious what he was doing. Gratitude swelled in Mycroft’s chest as he set his umbrella by the wall to open the checkers box.
“It’s okay.” John’s voice was muddled with slumber. “If you’re awake, I should be too. Are you hungry?”
“That was unusual,” he murmured.
“How would you know?” Sherlock asked. “You weren’t there. Oh, no, wait. You were there. To kidnap him. That he most certainly did mind.”
“No, of course not. If you don’t want them, then you don’t. I should thank you too for not trying to convince me to not want them.”
Sherlock knew the outside world was still moving around him, still taking pictures, still making phone calls, still weeping and grieving for a friend, but there was something in voicing his suspicion that made it all stop. It made it all very quiet, all at once. He felt his heart squeeze and lurch inside his chest (it did so have a habit of making itself known at the most inopportune times).
my friend, but Marcus will protect you.”
Behind his desk, Dr. Barrymore sat strictly upright, beads of sweat on his brow and lines of worry blatant on his flushed face. Mycroft had already listened to his excuses, albeit a bit distractedly. Sherlock had been thoroughly screened for allergies and rare genetic issues before the procedure, so this complication was absolutely unexpected. Mycroft considered himself a reasonable man, and it would be ill-advised for him to blame the Cottage
But it was all for naught, for a soon as the car came to a full stop, the tinted window lowered and Mycroft Holmes himself peered out dramatically from the darkly leathered inside.
Silence.
“What do you mean you could smell it? I’ve never smelled anything even close to arousal from him ever. You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Sherlock blinked once at the woman, noticing for the first time the strength of her spirit. It went against everything he’d hoped for in this place but, perhaps, if he was careful enough, he’d find himself an ally in this vivacious and rather talkative lady.
He put himself on display, as countless Omegas had for centuries, showing his mate how
have been love, but John was done with all that now.
When he exited, he was surprised at how non-descript the floors themselves turned out to be (if they were all the same). Unlike the richly decorated first floor, it appeared the subsequent upper floors were quite a bit toned down. There was large desk immediately in front of him as he hobbled off the lift, empty, and a carpeted floor accented with muted, simple pieces of art on the wall. He would have asked about the suite, if there’d been someone at the information desk but…it seemed a bit of lone exploration was the name of the game today.
, you’re considered ‘at risk.’ Would you like one? It’ll only take a moment, no charge. You don’t have any allergies do you?”
“I believe so.” Sherlock frowned, already connecting the dots and coming to the inevitable conclusion. “You have to be more careful John.”
“Well of all the –”
John grew impossibly hard at that thought, the front placket of his trousers tenting in a ridiculous way that broadcasted his arousal just as much as the extra surge of heat-scent that suddenly lit the air with its intensity. He wanted that. Oh God, he wanted that, but first…
When the early morning fog finally burned away, John was inspecting a small abandoned bungalow he discovered just the other day. It was out of the way and seemed perfect for harboring an office of sorts; since what he did was a bit dodgy, he certainly didn’t need the fuzz coming down on him.  His current license wasn’t set to expire for at least another six months, so what he did wasn’t illegal per se; he was just pretty sure they’d look down on a bit on a practicing doctor with no actual practice. It was more than a little worse for wear though, and evidence of vermin was apparent. One need only look at the feather covered floor and intermittent splatters of bird shite to figure that one out.
Maybe he was, maybe in the end...that was his purpose after all.
Please let me know if anything pops out to you, typos, continuity errors, etc.
full.
James sat up, making sure not to jostle the blanket they’d laid down to cover John’s mess from earlier, “it was my own. I don’t want you out there…I – I can’t stand it, the thought of you there in the thick of it. I need you safe.”
If the prim Alpha noticed, he didn’t mention it. He only gathered his hands around the curve of his umbrella, leaning forward to rest his weight on the accoutrement.
“John,” the taller brunet began, a hint of uncertainty in his voice, “what exactly are you not telling us?”
I do try to make it at least as believable as possible anyway. Happy Sunday everyone!
against his forceful removal from Lt. Mary Watson – because that is
Tumblr: justsuperblue.tumblr.com
In the end, Barrymore had appealed to his base humanity and his highly developed code of beneficence to get him to agree. It was begrudging, but it was still true...there was no other match for Sherlock Holmes but himself, and although John feared a repeat of his first donation, he knew it would be damn near impossible for it to happen again. It couldn’t.
When John finally opened the door, he found Sherlock pacing agitatedly across the sitting room. From John’s line of sight, he saw the man’s form dart across the doorway several times, each time in a new and dramatic in-motion pose. His slick baritone mumbled quietly into an expensive looking state-of-the-art phone, and his responses were clipped, quick, and to the point. After a moment he slowed, then stopped, dropping his phone by his side with an aggrieved sigh.
“It’s about science, Irene, it’s about discovery and creating something new. He’s unique, like you, and – and I couldn’t have you.”
“Fine.” The dark-haired man answered gruffly, turning on one heel and rapidly walking away from the Omega.
, John? I need
John reached up, grabbing a coarse handful of the man’s dirty brown hair. He pulled his head back with a snarl, fancying he could hear each and every vertebrae twist and grind as he forced it backwards with devastating strength.
Slowly, Sherlock made his way up the stairs to the extra bedroom in the attic. It was warmer up there than in the rest of the flat, and John would be much more comfortable resting there, than in Sherlock’s own bedroom; and he did so need the rest.
Did this mean he cared for him? Is that what all this was about? Or was he just apologizing to his friend in the same way one stranger apologizes to another when they accidentally bump shoulders in the street? John exhaled slowly for a good long minute, the jumble of his emotions once again playing havoc with his physical well-being. This was all too much to take in right now. He didn’t want to ruin this, but he also didn’t want to over-analyse what had just happened. They would have to have another talk, tonight, at the bungalow.
with each other, when John was free. Sherlock knew this, deep down in his chest and deep down in his gut; where his Alpha instincts bubbled and rolled with a fierceness he was never fully able to suppress.
The crime scene, according to Sherlock.
“Look here, a receipt for the Jade Garden. A small place located centrally but only willing to deliver to within a two mile radius. I saved one of their more unfortunate busboys from an ASBO last summer. Our last victim, Mr. Price, his last meal was Peking Duck. Rather indulgent but that particular establishment is known for their duck. And here…Mr. Topham, he was found before Jimmy, and appeared to have eaten quite a large amount of Indian food, and here we have a receipt for Ruchi Palace dated not long from before we found the body. My housekeeper - well, landlady - is quite partial to their Goat Vindaloo. However, they do not deliver, they are take-out only.”
“I’ll keep the phone though, yeah? I’ll call you when I’ve made my decision.”
.” Sherlock continued to stare at the table, lips twitching with emotions only barely held in check, “Don’t you see? Can’t you all see? This is…playing God, this is beyond Formation. This is creating a new gender or-or a new species.”
John couldn’t help but exhale a frustrated sigh. “Okay, why
around Omegas, even latents like Dr. Watson. Especially when said Omega lacks certain submissive tendencies…nevertheless, they have been…
“Yes, hello.” John gave his hand one strong pump.
be from the same vehicle, but that’s not really much to be going on now is it?”
No, the Alpha was sure he’d come to the right conclusion, and as such, he wanted this to be entirely John’s decision.
He tossed the used syringe to the side but kept his hands firmly on her jaw. He didn’t even look away when he shouted –
(See the end of the chapter for
His eyes were closed, tightly squeezed because he knew that if he looked down once, just once, the vision (Sherlock’s perfectly formed lips wrapped close and
sorry,” though in reality the voice that cut through the haze sounded leagues away from contrite, “but
Helmand province had always been unpredictable, a hotbed of insurgents, cleverly hidden incendiary devices and suicide bombers masked as innocent civilians. John never knew what to expect when he left the base and ground out onto the semi-arid landscape before him. He supposed, once upon a time, he would have thought this area of the world quite beautiful in its own desolate and otherworldly way. The juxtaposition of desert to irrigated farmlands was intriguing, and the Helmand River itself was more than adequate for a night-time splash about or two…if such a thing were allowed (which it most certainly wasn't)...and the
Best not to look a gift horse in the mouth, he decided, heading out of his small office to dump the dregs of his afternoon in the communal kitchen down the hall.
The Omega couldn’t nod his head fast enough, though the rush of morphine through his system set his vision swimming. “Yes,
Marcus practically trembled where he was, splayed out on the floor and looking for all the world like a child. He gazed up at John adoringly, but behind his eyes was a fear John was not familiar with. This was a new behavior the Omega had never seen before, and it set off alarm bells he could not ignore.
The Alpha caught the mobile smoothly, “My team will run a full diagnostic and try to recover what information might still be available, while you’re,” a slight pregnant pause inserted itself here, “visiting my brother at St. Bartholomew’s. But rest assured if you’ve somehow managed to tamper with the device, your services will most definitely no longer be needed.”
“A visitor, eh? Come to save the day?” The smoking man took a long, taunting drag of his cigarette and flicked the lit remains towards John with a sneer.  “This ‘ere’s none of your business, mate. Jus’ ‘avin’ a lil chat with the Razzer ‘ere.”
Their conversation lulled, each man busy with their own thoughts when Dr. Barrymore finally arrived with the coffee. It hadn’t been very long, but Mycroft felt it bordered on a lifetime. He accepted the cup with an elegant ‘thank you’, and turned back to Dr. Watson.
In order to help others, you must first help yourself. He read that once, though for the life of him he couldn’t remember where.
“I would do it again, in a second, in a heartbeat, for you.”
John carefully placed the folder back on the table with a sigh, “Sherlock?”
. The Omega flushed most unattractively and cleared his throat. “How can I help you?”
Duration: 53 minutes
Time was a wretched, dishonest and supple thing.
John ended the call and opened his mobile settings with a delicate dip of his finger, quickly searching through his contacts (of which there were a pitiful few). He really was getting quite good at navigating his iPhone now. It helped that a few of his fellow homeless were younger and wee bit more adept at smartphones (Brandy was a veritable electronic genius, regardless of how much she denied it), having been raised with the technology since birth, it seemed.
Brandy shook her head in the negative, her face finally dry of tears, only orbital puffiness and smudged eyeliner belying her emotional outburst.
He supposed he could have hired someone to find her, but he didn’t really have the money for that at the time, so he just…let it slide. He just let it all slide.
“Are you alright?” The Alpha asked; something similar to concern in his voice. Sherlock’s voice was soft, the timbre low and intimate, and John felt that (just for a moment) they were the only two people that mattered. There was no one else, just the two of them against the rest of the world. The thought supplied him with a modicum of comfort and he managed a weak smile, just a twitch at the corner of his lips, and nodded.
“I’ll have to have words with my brother about interfering in my cases, he mucks everything up and then I have to clean up after him.” He pulled the current slide out of the microscope and replaced it with yet another, this one containing a brownish looking blob that could very well be anything.
The bells alarming in his head (sounding not unlike Big Ben, but ever so more alarming) urged him to find his nest and protect himself, then wait, wait for his mate, his chosen Alpha, to come.
He sighed, he did so hate it when someone said his middle name out loud, “Yes, just John would be fine.”
She smiled brightly, excited, know that the ball was in her court and relishing the chance to impress the brunet, “it could mean that wherever they held these men, killed them even, is not far from these restaurants at all. They had to feed their captives, of course, but didn’t want to go far, or have many know of their exact location.”
“Puzzling out?” Sherlock scoffed, plopping his small half-empty piece of china back on the serving tray with a clatter of porcelain on enamel, “I fail to see the great mystery. She has a benefactor, simple as that. Someone behind the scenes, obscenely powerful – someone who, I believe, funded not only the London study, but the others as well.”
(See the end of the chapter for
that was important.
Like his Sentinel abilities, his transport was a tool, nothing more...but even the simplest of tools required regular care and maintenance.
John inhaled, he’d thought as much, “is that all?”
John blinked and shook his head, fringe glancing upon his forehead lightly, “Right, well um, after you left, we decided to use my mobile to transmit audio from during the appointment. But afterwards, all that was recorded was just a bit of noise, bit bothersome actually.”
“Sherlock,” John prompted once more, leaning forward to catch Sherlock’s attention. “Please tell me what you’re thinking for once – without the sideways logic, without the deductions, just please, give it to me in plain, small words you know I will understand.”
Irene knew Dr. Frankland fancied himself as some kind of mad doctor geneticist, she also knew he planned to use John for his own gain…show him off to the world and possibly win the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
But now he knew he was wrong, dead wrong. His heart thumped frantically in his chest, splintering and cracking with every forceful rush of blood though its chambers.
Sherlock turned away, forcefully halting the usual rapid deductions. It somehow felt very inappropriate to dissect the grieving family, and that led to another realization.
.” He didn’t hold back his amused smile, and something on the face of the simple Alpha made him laugh lightly. “You know what? It’s fine. It’s
John clenched his jaw, a habit he had formed lately, along with biting his tongue whilst being the object of verbal abuse. Not a lot of people were kind to the homeless; especially not in a city like London, where the erudite elite were forced to be reminded of the common human rabble that dirtied up their glorious city. John levelled another glance at Sherlock, the man certainly had the air of the aristocracy about him, but he didn’t seem to the type to outright judge or jump to conclusions.
“In the interest of full disclosure,” John said, “I looked though your website. I didn’t Google you specifically,” he added in a rush. “I wasn’t trying to get in contact with you or anything. What I was looking up was ‘consulting detective’. You never explained what that was and I couldn’t quite make sense of the dynamic between you and the police. Your site came up. And I clicked on it.”
“Do sit down, will you?” he said.
“No, of course not. I’ll never bother you with it.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, too, dear. It was so nice to hear that Sherlock made a friend over there. And the doctor who found him on the beach, too. I must thank you for tending to him. I was so worried when I heard.”
“No,” John said. “For the record, I am not jealous of him. I love him because he was your friend when I wasn’t there to help you with university and Serbia.”
How would Donavan or Anderson react to him having HIV or the more pertinent would be how would Greg react to him being diagnosed with HIV. Would they even call him for cases? What Donavan or Anderson didn’t know was he had a lot of insecurities about himself. He wasn’t the sociopath they thought he was.
John looked at Sherlock and back at Greg. “Sherlock was sick, 'was' being the operative word. I am sorry, Greg. I can’t tell you…”
Greg nodded. “Post mortem.”
A week after the ‘bed incident’, as John dubbed it, Greg Lestrade came to their flat for advice on a case.
It was a hateful scenario, Sherlock thought, looking and walking towards the camp grounds located in the Utah desert. He saw a dilapidated small cottage near a cactus.  The only one he had seen in the whole desert so far. This seems odd, he thought. He went to investigate.
John got up and made himself a cup of coffee. While the coffee was brewing; he checked his mail. There was an Email form Victor.
They arrived at a Hilton hotel near downtown Columbus. He hesitated when waking Sherlock up. “Sherlock, we're here at the hotel,” John said.
“I’ve found him,” Sherlock shrilled.
Sherlock sighed and shook his head. “Nope.” He popped the ‘p’. “I am not kidding, John.”
Sherlock, upon receiving the tablet, began to read. Sherlock sighed. “It’s a Caesar cypher, Mycroft,” he said to form where he was seated on the pavement in the darkening day. “Solve it,” he said and thrust the tablet to Mycroft.
Sherlock shook his head. “Nah, I don’t think it was his first. I remember reading a story while I was away… “ Sherlock’s voice trailed off. He was quiet.
John sighed. “PrEP, Sherlock, I’ll take PrEP, okay!”
‘Why?” Sherlock or Mycroft never talked about their parents. John never understood why.
“We can stop for food if you want. I will exit near Akron.” John grasped Sherlock’s hand. “Sherlock, I can’t see the side mirror, stop rocking for a sec.” Sherlock ceased the rocking.
After two and a half hours we arrived at the Holmes manor. It was a big old Victorian home. I couldn’t believe it. It was as though he lived at Downton Abbey. I commented on this as we were led inside. I grew up upper class in Liverpool and went to Calderstones but I have to admit this was lavish even for me.
When he opened his eyes, Sherlock was there; in his blue dressing gown and t-shirt and sweat pants.
They were at the front landing to 221 Baker Street. When Sherlock stopped. “Can you come with me?” He said rather shyly.
John thought about it while he plated their pancake; after a while, he said, “Your right, I want to do that.”
“Me, too. I was afraid that we might crowd each other too much with you here full time, but we haven’t, have we?”
Why was everyone so fixated on Sherlock not knowing Lestrade’s first name? What did it matter? Alright, fine. So perhaps it might be a tad uneven that Lestrade called Sherlock by his first name while Sherlock didn’t, but Lestrade wasn’t complaining, so what business was it of anyone else’s?
John’s eyes widened in offence on his behalf.
“Yeah.”
“Yes, of course.” John smiled. “None of what we did yesterday would have happened if we weren’t friends.”
Sherlock released a relieved breath at the change of subject.
“Sure. I mean. It’s a bit of a dodgy, grey area, but we never would have caught this guy if it weren’t for him. It took some finagling, but I’d love to work with him again, yeah. I’m not too proud to admit that I’ll probably be stumped again at some point. That’s inevitable for anyone.”
“So,” John asked as he sat back on the sofa. “What did you think now that you weren’t freaking out?”
Sherlock grinned into John’s chest. John, ecstatic upon hearing that Sherlock had enjoyed Iron Man, was eagerly showing him the rest of the Marvel movies, so Sherlock had a handy catalog to torture Mycroft with. Bombastic action scenes and mainstream humor made his eyes bleed.
“I’ll go shopping, then. I’ll cook something. I need a distraction. How long until you get home?”
“It’s not so bloody difficult. Anyone can train themselves to observe.”
Greg took a moment to gather his words together. The whole thing was so unbearably awkward. Sherlock shouldn’t have said anything. But, no. He needed to say it. Greg had accepted and supported him without a moment’s hesitation, like a friend. Yes, they were friends. Work friends, Sherlock had thought, of a sort. But Sherlock trusted him. He depended on him far more than he’d realized for cases, and now for emotional support. Greg never made fun of him. Well, not in a malicious manner. Any comment he occasionally made was the light-hearted sort used in amicable joking between friends. Greg had already considered them friends. Despite Sherlock’s ignorance of his first name or refusal to ask how he was. He always asked Sherlock how he was doing, because that was what friends did. It was a bit unfair now that he thought of it. More than just uneven. How had Greg not complained before? Had he complained before? Maybe Sherlock had deleted it or not paid attention. People were so hard to read sometimes. Especially when Sherlock wasn’t focusing on them. Greg depended on him to solve his cases when he and his detectives were too thick to manage it. Would Greg have put up with him for as long as he had if he hadn’t been so desperate to see justice done to keep calling him back?
“Luck of the draw, but don’t undersell the charm of yours. They mix well with your natural blond. Like the speckled nuance of tan colored sand.”
“I don’t think I am a good example to follow, but thanks, I guess? I’m just trying to put one foot in front of the other. I’m not sure how good of a job I’m doing at it, though.”
He was lying down on the sofa, a book about venomous animals in his lap, when he heard John’s car pull up. He swiftly put the book down and sprang up to stand by the door. Not right by it. He didn’t want to scare John. About a meter out. That was far enough, wasn’t it? Maybe he should have stayed on the sofa. Did he look too overeager now? Why should he greet John differently now than he had any other night? Was John expecting a different greeting? Should he ask? He plopped down on the sofa right as John’s keys clicked the door lock open, sitting back against the armrest, facing the door. The next moment, John appeared, his pretty smile filling Sherlock with a happiness that he hadn’t felt in ages. He carried a plastic bag filled with Styrofoam containers. Indian food, from the scent of it.
The car eventually came to stop, slowing down in increments as they passed a rather intimidating and ornate wrought-iron gate. The initials ‘SC’ decorated the entrance, cleverly metal-crafted in twining leaves, grapes, and sprigs of lavender. The simple road eventually gave way to a gravel roundabout, the wheels crushing and grinding the many small bits of white quartz in a cacophony of sound, painful and overly loud to his ears. He was relieved when finally they stopped, and Johnson retrieved his luggage from the boot.
Well, he had never lived under the illusion that the solution to his predicament was
“John, my John, all this for me?” He flicked his tongue teasingly against John’s anus, enjoying the in and out pulsation of the muscle, “I’m going to eat you alive. I’m going to suck you dry till there’s nothing left. Would you like that?”
know about neuroscience?”
“August 8
Brandy placed a trembling hand over her swollen belly, face flushing in bright splotches of red. After a moment, her lower lip began to quiver. “I said I was
John was gutted, gasping and panting against his lover, his sweat-drenched back leaning against Sherlock’s chest. The Omega had made little mess, as he was not gifted with testicles but only the most basic of seminal fluid, so the mess wasn’t a problem.
“You are unreasonably biased.”
John almost sobbed, eyes filling with tears he absolutely refused to shed. It wasn’t that what Sherlock said was untrue; he just didn’t see himself that way. He was simply John Watson, doctor, soldier, as were many who had served alongside him. He wasn’t special, he was just…well, the same as any other, he supposed – just a damaged man trying to get by in a world that no longer cared about those who had sacrificed so much in its name.
woman came knocking at his cell door.
“Mr. Holmes,” Barrymore’s puerile introduction was interrupted by John himself, one hand rubbing over his brow. “This would have been better had we met under different circumstances?
“Please, will you just
He couldn’t shake a wave of confusion though, and his own breath was loud in the obscured space; as was the barely concealed panting of his rather ardent lover. The man’s soft mouth fell upon John’s left ear, and his rhythmic inhalations reached the crinkly sharp overtones of something that was altogether too close to the Omega’s eardrum.  John found he could sense where his companion’s mouth was regardless of the dark, and turned his head just so, capturing a hot pair of plush lips between his own.  The man beside him moaned slightly, and curled his limber hips inwards towards John. The groan was nothing more than a delicate rush of air through his throat, with barely a timbre as to give away his identity. It carried with it a rushing urge of desire, an impending thrill of
“Sherlock, don’t get involved.” Mycroft’s voice was soft and sibilant behind him; almost pitying.
Mycroft stood and strode across the room, gathering his coat and umbrella, he turned and nodded politely. “We’ll start the analysis immediately, good night John.” With only a glance to his brother, he exited the flat and made his way out into the darkening London evening.
In the doorway stood a tall man, taller than Sherlock himself, currently leaning slightly to the left and resting his weight on a long and sturdy umbrella. The family resemblance was only minor (different mother or father perhaps?) but John could tell the relation if only from the waves of money and privilege that exuded from his slender frame. His suit was obviously bespoke, as was Sherlock’s of course, and even his well fitted and shined shoes seemed made for the man. However, whereas Sherlock’s face exemplified a kind of exotic, ethereal beauty, this man appeared hawkish and calculating. John found he didn’t much like him at all.
No, strike that, full stop. He would
When things didn’t work out with Mary (well not so much as not worked out but, purposefully shut down by Mr. Morstan), he held his chin high and moved on with his life. He found the courage to hide his Omega latency and finish medical school, eventually finding himself on his way into the RAMC. When things ended badly with James Sholto, he was angry,
“Fine.” He flipped it around a few times, trying the electronic lock. The small LED light beamed green as he swiped it, the sound of the door unlocking was not unlike the sound of a jail cell.
He had had a lot of those dreams as of late. They were laden with the scent of tea leaves, dirty oatmeal jumpers, thin but perfectly formed pink lips, and the taste of caramel and chocolate remained like sweet and salty echoes on his tongue.
“You’re referring to John.”
He sighed, flipping open his laptop, if only all things in life were so easy.
It was not automatically clear as to how these would be of use. The first few snapshots seemed to be of an inventory report of sorts: reams of paper, staples, files, desk chairs, cotton balls, etc. It all read as unremarkable and rather standard for an office building or medical suite.
John blinked suspiciously, and frowned at Sherlock.
“Well…have you checked the tyre tracks? Can you cross-reference those against vehicles in the area? Maybe you can narrow down the make of the car and start with that?”
“I’ll tell Sarah, Marcus just…weirds me out.” Julia frowned, placing a warm hand over Brandy’s smaller one and squeezing it gently. Brandy only sighed, making a point not to roll her eyes.
Arousal, sweet and savoury, flushed through the Omega’s torso, colouring his cheeks and almost setting his hair on end. The room filled with the subtle scent of sex hormones, though they were dampened by sickness and medication. Sherlock locked eyes with John and the Alpha’s nostrils flared, his heightened senses noticing even the faintest of pheromones in the air. Suddenly, he looked hungry…starved.
A younger man, wearing similar light blue scrubs, took the woman’s head in his hands. His eyes were wide as saucers. He appeared terrified.
It was quiet once more in the bungalow, and John let it soak in for a few moments before glancing over at Marcus. He was the same as before, and John suddenly appreciated his steadfastness more than the large Alpha would ever know.
Sherlock himself was on the couch, pulled up into a ball, still in his own bespoke suit.
to be tortured.”
John stared mutely at the cracked foam tiles in the ceiling, his tightly closed lips forming a tortured line across his face.
“Mrs. Hudson! I’m sorry, I’m so sorry…” he rolled his eyes inwardly, cursing his misplaced exuberance, “…is Sherlock at home? I tried ringing the bell…”
John tried to hide his interest, but that was impossible in the end, there was so much he needed to know, not only about what he had become, but also about what he could expect in the future.
“How..?” she peered at him questioningly, before understanding dawned on her lovely face, “Oh! Oh well um, you had the surgery and you’ve sort of been out of it since then. So, I think, about three days? Give or take a few hours.”
The Alpha paused for a moment, finally lifting his tourmaline gaze from the brightly lit lenses of the scope. One thick, lanky curl half-obscured his right eye, before he turned and regarded Molly with an almost zealous expression.
John felt a familiar squeezing sensation grip his chest. So, this was how it was going to go? His date was over before it even began? He barely held in a resigned sigh and withdrew his worn wallet from the left back pocket of his trousers. Removing the small plastic card, he handed it over to the man, unable to return his gaze.
Sebastian Moran chuckled, taking a long drag of his cigarette before placing his bet. “I give him three minutes before he’s throwing himself at the Omega. I don’t know what you were thinking, Irene, hiring someone so wet behind the ears.” The blond man rolled his eyes, the motion pulling at the scar that stretched across his cheek, and returned back to his game with a wry smile.
He liked to play games – slippery, this one.
Time invariably moved on – on with their forced breaths, their awful rib-splintering compressions, and their wide-eyed gazes, each person tilting on a quiet edge, blood pressure high, and ready for damn near anything. It was a credit to their training that the code had gone smoothly so far, and after two more minutes (more amiodarone, and another dose of epinephrine), John had them all step back and analyze the heartrate once more.
John absently fingered the pamphlet, entering the mobile number included at the bottom into his new (but demonstrably less sparkly now) iPhone. Across the living room, both looking quite serious and attentive, the Holmes brothers sat, staring at the blond in anticipation.
We don’t know why, well, there are some theories, but these powerful Omegas became…well, almost extinct. Some sociologists believed they threatened the power structure of the apex Alphas so much that they were hunted and persecuted almost into non-existence. But, still, some survived,” she motioned to John, and then back to herself, “you and I had this gene, yet, we couldn’t just form as normal because it was dormant, we needed help to become what we were destined to be. Don’t you see Jo – Mr. Watson? Don’t you see? We’ve helped you become what you were truly meant to be.”
“Because he’s your friend. And because he’s a shapeshifter, and it really has been much too long.”
Horrible was putting it mildly. Sherlock rubbed John’s forearm, breathing deep. He feared looking at John’s face right now, but he needed to see. He shifted onto his back, clinging to John’s hand no less tightly, breath clenched in his throat as he met John’s eyes. Warm, caring, concerned eyes. The hand that brushed Sherlock’s fringe from his forehead projected no judgment, no disgust.
So, he should give up control then in this instance. Was that even a choice anymore? Of course not. He had taken it the numerous times when he reasoned that spending another night with Greg wouldn’t be as problematic as he feared. There was no question of severing relations with Greg now. Even if Greg weren’t Sherlock’s, and now John’s, friend, and even if it was possible for Mycroft to never see Greg again, how much would the oncoming years dull his affection? There was no guarantee that it would extinguish them completely. Despite himself and his conviction that romance was not the proper term for what he felt for Greg, Mycroft found himself a sad cliché shown in romcom after romcom, pining like a besotted child for the company of that one person that made him feel truly comfortable and not like he had to put on airs all the time. Sherlock had once been that person, but their childhood was long past. Besides, Greg not being his sibling brought incalculable advantages. And pleasures.
“Yes. Of course. I would love to.”
“Stop that,” Sherlock said. “It’s true and you know it.”
“Okay,” Sherlock said. “I believe you. And you may say so as often as you like.”
“I do. That makes sense.”
“Liar!” Sherlock called out.
“No. Don’t feel guilty, please.” Sherlock leaned down to catch his gaze. “You didn’t know. You couldn’t help it. You’re not them. My brain is just being stupid.”
Thursday morning, Sherlock was totally better; they decided to go to Harrow. So they left the flat at ten and by eleven they were inside the office waiting for Callahan to come in.
Greg nodded.
The music played a slow tune so I grabbed his arm and dragged him to where the dance floor wass. He and I danced to our hearts' content.
John ignored him and turned to Kate. “What are we supposed to do?”
Sunday morning, Sherlock and John woke up from a deep, satisfactory sleep. They didn’t go to Sherlock’s family’s party. However, Sherlock called his father and told him a happy birthday.
“Where can I find Gracie Cooper’s Novel, Beyond the Graveyard.” He asked after he had recovered.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. He made Sherlock tea and sat beside him on the sofa. It was four-thirty, so they cuddled, watching a crappy American reality show.
“Yeah, very concerning. I just hope this is nothing serious.”
“I need to pay  this stupid surgery,” John said with a huff.
Sherlock had shot James Moriarty in the head at  one memorable meeting, in a final showdown of wits.
Sherlock and John’s wedding party wasn’t that huge. It was a hundred people at the most.
They needed to leave London. It was for the safety of their family and friends for there were five trained gunmen.
“Oh, god… I need you to testify in court. A kid, his name’s Maximillian, a teacher raped him at Newton School Chippenham.”
“What? Come again?” John asked, surprise and a little bit of anger creeping in his voice. He couldn’t believe what Sherlock was saying.
It was his third week on the job, when a tall, blond-haired man sat on his chair. It was his  ex-boyfriend, Victor. “Will, you’re back?”
“What?” Greg turned back to him. “No. I’m a werewolf.”
“Who is it?”
“Bad luck doesn’t just come around once,” Mycroft said.
“Maybe. It’s very unlikely, but I can’t guarantee that he won’t. But chances are against it.”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock asked. “Is there anything you need me to do?”
John seemed to be adjusting well to life in London. He liked his new colleagues and being able to snuggle whenever he wanted. They both did. Except for the inconvenience of John disappearing to his new surgery every weekday, things carried on the way they had been doing so far. On the weekends, they drove down to Dover and enjoyed the beach and the hilly hikes. Mycroft bought them the bench that Sherlock wanted, a swing one, refusing to accept any sort of payment for it.
“What?” he gasped. “You want to… Really?”
“Most certainly.” Sherlock peered closely at said eyes, which regarded him with amusement. “The color of the deepest ocean. Were it daytime, they would sparkle like the bright horizon in a sunny day. I can even see the sun at the edges of your pupils, hints of gold.”
“I did make myself rather obvious, didn’t I? Tell me. What is your guess?”
John cut himself off with an incredulous huff and the same look everyone got when they couldn’t believe how “ridiculous” Sherlock was being.
“He said you pushed him away. He looked resentful about it.”
“Did you?”
“Is this about how you feel about Greg?”
“That’s amazing,” Greg said, the joy and energy in his voice drawing a smile from Mycroft. “I’m so happy for you. I mean, about the good stuff. You’re a good brother, Mycroft. I’m so glad that you and Sherlock are finally working things out. And you really shouldn’t feel guilty for stupid crap you said as a teenager. How could you possibly have known what was going to happen? Sherlock is the one who decided to take drugs. You didn’t make him do it.”
Greg smiled in relief.
“See?” John said, noticing Sherlock’s face lightening. “Nice, isn’t it?”
“And risk hitting unexpected traffic? Nonsense. You should leave now.”
“Never mind that,” he said. “Can Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft do it together?” he asked John.
A proper dinner this time, at a restaurant of Mycroft’s choosing. Greg had sat back, brow crinkling with worry, yet trying to keep a light tone as he replied.
John laughed. God, Sherlock could spend all day regarding the contours of that handsome face and never be bored.
“I’m alright. Am I correct in assuming that your enquiry is concerning my recent interaction with Greg?”
“Of course,” Sherlock would say, smiling at him. When he could, he grabbed his violin and played him a tune to dispel the tension from the room and his memory. The sounds deepened the affection in John’s eyes, making it warmer, less unknowable, and Sherlock’s breath relaxed as he glided his bow over the strings.
“Right. Not smart enough to know that selkies are real, though.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, standing up. “Very much so. I know I said I wouldn’t cut you off, but it has been a long week and I want some time alone with my partner.”
“No. That’s not what I mean. I don’t want you to reveal anything that you’re not comfortable with. I’m just giving you the option that if you feel like you need to get something off your chest. It helps. Or don’t tell me anything and I’ll never mention it again. Forget I said anything.”
John had supplied him with plenty of painkillers and antibiotics yesterday.
“I’m most certainly eager to become an expert in this,” Sherlock said, rubbing John’s cheek with his nose.
“Sure, but I hadn’t forgiven you yet. I just wanted you to get on with it.”
Sherlock chewed slowly on his steak. As excited as he was, John sharing the same space as him full time did pose certain risks. Sure, they had resided in John’s house for a couple of weeks, but what if that wasn’t enough time for John to be truly irritated by Sherlock’s deficiencies in human interaction? His research specimens might prove to be too much, even with the new miniscule fridge. And John was not a fan of a messy living space, but if Sherlock had to adopt his strictly neat habits, he would go mad.
“Greg said no?” John asked.
, Sherlock replied.
“Isn’t it?” Mycroft said, soft and wistful.
“Sherlock.”
Mycroft sighed, as if Sherlock were being so stupid. Sherlock wrapped his hands on the sheet, gripping it in tight fists.
They headed for the beach after breakfast, walking along the shoreline for a bit before settling at their usual spot, Sherlock in his chair and John shifting into seal form. Sherlock wished to join him, but the water was freezing. He would probably have to wait until summer to join John in the water.
“I suppose.” Sherlock frowned. “Why are you looking at me like that? Surely I’ve apologized in your presence at some point before.”
John paused, uncertain.
But enough about Victor. Why think about him now? He was gone, a faded speck in the rearview mirror. John was here, a living presence in his arms. Or rather, Sherlock was in his, for John had both arms wrapped around him now, while Sherlock only held him with his hands, grasping the back of his head.
Sherlock jiggled his right fingers.
“Of course. There’s no need to thank me.”
`````````````````
Greg gave him a broken smile.
“Then stop trying to define it. John and I don’t define our relationship and we’re doing fine. You want to get back together with him, yes? Does he not? He seemed interested in you when he was here.”
“You don’t have to.”
Of course not. He knew that. He wasn’t completely incapable of understanding other people’s feelings. But couldn’t they hurry it up and get back together already? He hated this worrying that his mind kept doing without his consent. He was usually so good about shoving all these emotions away when they were being irrelevant so that he could focus on his work, but now they kept niggling at him like mosquitoes puncturing his skin no matter how much bug repellent he sprayed on himself. How did other people manage this feeling thing all the time? It was smothering him. Then there was Mrs. Hudson. She had mentioned some story about seeing a ghost as a child, so the supernatural wasn’t completely beyond her consideration. But selkies and werewolves were another matter. He had been frightened for days, unable to sleep, but she wasn’t logic-based like him, so maybe she would handle it better. She was tougher than she looked. Maybe John was right and he making too much of a fuss.
To ask how Greg’s month had gone. But they didn’t have the kind of relationship where they bothered with small talk and all that nonsense. Well, Lestrade did try to shove it down his throat every so often, annoyingly enough.
“It’s alright,” Mycroft said, the words stinging in his throat like broken glass. “We both knew this couldn’t last, not with our basic incompatibility. While I will miss you, I am happy for you. I want you to have the family you desire.”
“Did I? I must have forgotten. But I never thought it could possibly be Mycroft. Why didn’t I think of that?”
“I already apologized for that.”
He pulled his mobile out of his coat pocket, but didn’t call Gregson yet. If they arrived before John returned, they would try to take him away to their own medical care and his contact with John would be curtailed. He needed to stay with John and unravel this ridiculous mystery.
The awkward pinch in John’s face said it all.
John reached the landing and looked past Sherlock into the flat.
“It’s why you have such little contact with your kind, isn’t it?”
Sherlock frowned at his food as he shoved it from one corner of his plate to the other.
“Can you understand me?” the man asked.
John left on the 7:25 train. After dinner with Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock accompanied him to the station to see him off, indulging in a thorough face nuzzle that raised some brows around them, but neither of them gave a damn. He returned to an empty flat that was suddenly much too silent without John’s presence. He dropped onto the sofa and curled into a ball, staring off into space. He pulled out his phone and opened the text app. But he couldn’t text John already. What if he came off as too clingy? Besides, John had mentioned wanting to take a nap on the train. Sherlock didn’t want to wake him up.
“I’m sorry,” John said, suitably chastised. “I didn’t think it through. When I saw you injured, I just reacted. But I shouldn’t have brought it up again later. You’re under my care and I took advantage. Please let me help you back to the sofa. Please.”
“And you accepted this demotion in your glorious status? I’m shocked.”
“Oh, so now three weeks is a short amount of time, is it?”
“Better than you.”
````````````````
“Okay,” he said instead.
The man turned around, brandishing a knife to Sherlock’s torso. Sherlock jerked to the side at the last minute, wincing at a pinprick of pain on his ribs. The knife barely glanced off his coat. He grabbed the man’s wrist, twisting the knife away from him, digging his nails between his tendons, forcing him to drop it. The man kicked him, hard, on the shin. Holding fast to his wrist, Sherlock swung with his right fist, smacking him on the nose. The man went down, but not before grabbing Sherlock’s shoulder and dragging him down with him. Pain flared in Sherlock’s right ankle, twisting as it caught in the rocks. He tried to keep his grasp on the burglar, but he saw the man’s left arm rise too late.
“How can you tell?”
“I have an idea. A guess.”
“Oi. I’m not the biggest showoff here.”
This was ridiculous.
Greg rolled his eyes.
“Nothing.” Sherlock shook his head and lowered his hand, smiling with half-hearted desperation. “Just, a little warning next time would be nice. But I like it. I get what you were trying to tell me. I’m the one who’s honored. Thank you.”
“I would love that,” John said, smiling brightly. “I’ve wanted to do something like this with you for ages, but I doubted that you would ever want to.”
He stroked Sherlock’s hand with his thumb.
“You should have thought of that before you flashed me on the beach.”
Greg rubbed the back of his neck.
“When did this happen?”
But the nights more than made up for having to put up with such mind-numbing dullness as they continued to explore their newfound connection in surprisingly thrilling domesticity. Their cuddling resumed from the moment that Sherlock greeted John at the door with a face nuzzle to when they separated at the end of the night to go sleep in their respective rooms. The possibility of sharing a bed for this purpose was broached, but neither of them had done so in forever (Sherlock not since he was a child with Mycroft on family trips) and were unaccustomed to another person jostling the mattress in the middle of the night. Sherlock’s sleep was far from regular and involved plenty of tossing, and he didn’t want John to be sleep-deprived the next day.
“Please don’t feel any obligation towards me. Don’t think about my feelings, just about your own.”
“Okay. I can make them myself. You don’t have to fuss about me. You’ve done enough.”
“You thought about having sex with me,” Mycroft said, embarrassment and shocking vulnerability cringing in his stomach.
John and Greg both leaned forward.
After dinner, John performed his daily inspection of Sherlock’s injuries, all of which were healing at the expected pace. His cuts had been scabbed over for ages and the swelling in his ankle had lowered significantly. His feet were almost back to being a match, so John sitting on the sofa with Sherlock’s foot in his lap to inspect it might be excessive by now, yet John kept doing it. And Sherlock kept letting him. Not simply letting him. Wanting it. John’s careful fingers probed gently as he remarked cheerfully on Sherlock’s good progress. The words came to Sherlock’s tongue, sudden and unbidden, yet necessary.
“John and I commented about Sherlock a bit,” Mrs. Hudson said.
“No. I am still confused about the concept of romantic love, so I can’t be.”
“I know,” he said. “I could tell in your voicemail. I suppose I should have known that something like this might happen. You love taking risks. Mycroft told me. Greg told me. What we did today more than fits the bill. But you considering getting into a murderer’s car knowing that he’s a killer... That’s too much, Sherlock. That’s too fucking much.”
“Please.”
````````````
Mycroft got Greg’s request to come over while he was on the treadmill. He cooled down quickly and rushed into the shower. Greg had said that he was only fifteen minutes away, so there was no time for dillydallying. His divorce had come through a week earlier, resulting in a long, somber phone call at midnight, for Mycroft had been out of the country and refused to let Greg hang up simply because it was “too late” and he technically should have been in bed. Going to sleep in the small hours of the morning wasn’t an uncommon occurrence, so Greg was hardly intruding, and Mycroft would much rather comfort Greg than pore over intelligence reports. Even if it meant talking Greg through the morass of emotions that ensued from the termination of his marriage. Greg spared him some of the detail, he was sure, especially when it pertained to himself. Greg didn’t wish to cause him discomfort, no matter how much Mycroft insisted that he not hold back to spare his feelings. He was here as a supportive friend, even if the subject matter was unpleasant.
“Fine.” Sherlock pulled out his phone. “I’ll get Mycroft to do it.”
“At what?”
“It’s my birthday in a few days,” he said.
Sherlock grabbed a piece of toast and ate it so noisily that it precluded all conversation for the next minute. But he wasn’t really angry at John, who had the audacity to look amused by Sherlock’s display. Most people pushed back at him with inane arguments and wounded pride when Sherlock called them stupid to their faces, but not John. Not that he had called John stupid, just pointed out that his brain was much slower than his own, yet John had conceded that point and fought back with his own superior knowledge of subjects that Sherlock knew nothing about yet must recognize as being of immense value. Of course John was smart. Sherlock wouldn’t be friends with someone who wasn’t smart, fascinating mythical creature or not. He certainly wouldn’t be staying at his home, sleeping in his bed, sharing some of the most diverting conversation he’d had in years, and being gratified by John’s immense curiosity and willingness to engage with Sherlock.
“Exactly,” John said. “Besides, if Mycroft is so much more observant than you, how come he didn’t notice either?”
“How are you feeling?” he asked.
“A bit more than that. You’ve very nice to look at. I do feel aesthetic attraction. And sensual attraction. But I don’t want sex. I’m not sure about kissing, but open mouthed kissing looks very unappealing to me. But I would like to spoon and cuddle you. I’d like that very much.”
“Checkers?”
She led him inside her flat past Mycroft, who stepped to the side. Sherlock got the urge to stick his tongue out at him, but managed to smirk, instead. Strictly out of politeness, Mrs. Hudson offered Mycroft some food, as well, but Mycroft wisely declined, no doubt sensing that it would be weird for him to accept food that she had made specifically for Sherlock. Like all mums, Mrs. Hudson expressed love through feeding her charge, which was Sherlock. Most certainly not his annoying brother who only stopped by Baker Street to irritate him. Mycroft was envious of Sherlock’s relationship with Mrs. Hudson. No matter how many airs he put on about not caring about their estranged situation with their parents and not needing friends, he couldn’t disguise that little glimmer of yearning under his indifferent mask whenever Mrs. Hudson coddled Sherlock in front of him. And was it really necessary for him to arrive early and wait with Mrs. Hudson when one of his spies doubtlessly informed him the instant that Sherlock walked through the doors of Scotland Yard?
“Mycroft is the hopeless one,”’ Sherlock protested. “Not me.”
Mrs. Hudson emerged from the door behind him.
“You want to bring him along on cases?”
Sherlock nodded jerkily. John was angry. Very angry. His voice wasn’t so gentle by the end. Not at all.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock asked. “Why are you looking at each other like that?”
“Then why are so preoccupied over him knowing about John?”
“Alright,” he said. “I agree to your terms. I will leave him be and give him the documents he requires.”
“Yeah.”
John shook his head, unintentionally nuzzling Sherlock’s nose as he returned to the eggs that he was frying.
“This is a real skull,” he said.
John gasped around a sob.
“I was bored.”
“I think he might,” Mycroft said.
“Perhaps not,” he admitted. God, how he hated bowing in defeat to Mycroft in anything. “But afterwards… After a couple of years, you should have told me. Both of you.”
“No, I can’t say I have. I’ve never met anyone like you. Which is good. I’m glad that you are reasonable about this.”
The left side of Mycroft’s mouth jerked up ruefully.
“You miss John, I see,” Mycroft said, taking in Sherlock’s blanket and messy hair.
“Would you rather call it something else? I have no problem with that, as long as you don’t call me your boyfriend.”
Sherlock gaped at him, then a laugh burst from his mouth. He bowed his head, conceding the point.
Greg sucked in another breath and met Mycroft’s eyes.
“What about your parents? Oh, and Mycroft.”
Sherlock at him, analyzing his face for signs of dissembling, but found none.
“Greg, please stop apologizing for everything. I don’t blame you for having a lie-in while feeling terrible. I knew there was a possibility that you wouldn’t be able to come down right after I made it. I can reheat it easily enough and make you fresh eggs.”
Sherlock smiled back. The nervousness rattling under his skin ebbed, yet tentative apprehension remained tight in his throat.
“Are you allergic to any medication?” John asked.
“How can there be nothing to be scared of when every biological principle I know is a lie? How can I trust my own knowledge anymore? Are merpeople also real? Fairies? Goblins? Ghosts? Am I just living in a world of magic and superstition?”
“Yes, but he’s never dropped that subject before. Not with me, anyway.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“John,” Sherlock called, startling himself with the urgency in his own voice. “You’re back.”
John’s expression hardened, his jaw clenching, annoyance flaring into anger. Interesting. Did the man truly believe himself to be a selkie, or did he have something to gain by fooling Sherlock so? For a second, it looked like John might yell at him, but he deflated with a weary sigh and shook his head at himself.
Sherlock sighed dramatically as if he were making an enormous sacrifice by indulging John in this.
“Do you ever wear anything else out?” John asked him after he returned downstairs from what Sherlock was already thinking of as his room. He wore black oxfords, charcoal grey slacks, and an ever present jumper, olive green this time. Stylish, yet adorable, as always. Sherlock indulged in the sight for a moment before answering.
“Last time I did, you lied to me.”
“It’s not my fault you’re so beguiling,” Sherlock said. “I was wrong in my assessment of you when we first met. Well, not completely wrong. You’re handsome, but not of the sort that would be classified as a great beauty by traditional standards. And yet you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen.”
Every cell in Mycroft’s body froze. He played back Greg’s words, analyzed the individual sounds, concluding that he did not mishear them. His mouth went dry, his tongue rubbing painfully against his teeth as he opened his mouth to reply, but nothing came out.
“It’s okay.” John smiled and rubbed Sherlock’s jaw with his thumb. “It’s not stupid. You got caught up, like you said.”
“I’m a detective. I was trying to apprehend him for burglary”
“Well, yes, but I strongly recommend—”
“Yes.”
“I apologize for the abrupt nature of this meeting,” Mycroft said. “But Sherlock has had a rough time of late. There aren’t many people in his life who are kind to him. It would be very beneficial for him to continue working with Scotland Yard, but I need to make sure that it’s a healthy environment for him.”
“There’s no helping that. We’re just going to have to keep picking him up when he trips all over himself.”
“I’m sorry.”
John shot him an amused glance.
“Yes. You have nothing to worry about from him. We are friends. That is all.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, assessing himself.
, he texted,
“You already have.”
“I heard that,” Sherlock said.
“I’ll have some spaghetti, thank you. And tea.”
“Please don’t go into detail about that, either of you,” he said.
“Meanwhile, you’re busy playing spy vs. spy and pretending to be the queen of England.”
Sherlock shook his head.
Mycroft’s eyes and lips tightened the merest fraction.
“Just what?” John asked.
“He has an outfit already. He won’t admit it, but he wears it around the flat when he’s bored.”
“He’s even more of one. He was even sleeping with Greg for months. Going out. Having breakfast together. Years and he never noticed a thing.”
“I have been indulging your hypotheticals so far, but please don’t give me hope if you don’t fully intend to follow through.”
The minion drove him to an abandoned office building. Not Mycroft’s usual over dramatic style, but he probably had to make do. Sherlock refused the minion’s help again as he struggled to get out of the car without falling flat on his face. Mycroft had sequestered John in a conference room on the fifth floor, a dingy, musty smelling place filled with the vestiges of old, dusty desks and chairs that no one had bothered taking. Mycroft exited the room as the minion led Sherlock through the cubicles toward it. Sherlock greeted him with a furious glare.
Greg opened his mouth. He scrapped his bottom lip with his teeth, sucking it into his mouth as he glanced away, considering.
“I don’t sulk.”
Sherlock awoke the next morning with an ecstatic feeling of well-being and joy. John was already downstairs making breakfast. They hadn’t shared the bed to sleep. That was a bit too much, too fast after so many years of not sleeping with anyone for both of them, but Sherlock opened himself up to the possibility of doing so one day soon, perhaps before he returned to London. The thought of leaving punctured his happiness a bit, but he shook it off. Never mind that. He was here now with a half-awake John, who stood by the stove in a well-worn, white t-shirt and blue pajama bottoms, hair tousled, a strand sticking straight up. He turned toward Sherlock as he entered the kitchen, smiling.
“I can avoid those kind of comments if you want.”
“Nonsense. There’s nothing magical about you. Even if I were willing to entertain such a laughable notion, you don’t even look right.”
It wasn’t his place to ask, yet the words were out of Mycroft’s mouth before he gave them much thought. Greg nodded. Sherlock would have welcomed the physical affection from Greg in this canine form. Mycroft always found it strange that Sherlock hadn’t gotten another dog after Redbeard, since he loved dogs so. But perhaps it wasn’t so strange after all. His grief over Redbeard’s death had been quite acute. Mycroft had worried for him at the time.
“Sherlock?” John called softly.
“Then what didn’t you like about it?”
Maybe one of Mrs. Hudson’s non-human friends would be more amenable to having their blood examined. Or they may decide to kill him for the affront. That was possible, wasn’t it? Bugger.
“Oh, really? That’s the real reason you want to sleep with you, is it? To use me as a heater?”
“Please,” Sherlock continued, forcing the towel on his chest down a fraction. “I’ll be right out, okay?”
Sherlock snorted. He turned toward Greg.
“Still,” Mycroft said. “His culture does sound a bit more egalitarian than ours. It was quite the shock to him having to learn to manage with our methods.”
“Do you even have anything in the fridge?”
“Apologies,” Mycroft said, renewing his petting more vigorously than before. “This isn’t taking too much liberty then, is it?”
“Honestly, that brother of yours. There’s protectiveness, and then there’s Mycroft Holmes. I have half a mind to give him a stern telling to.”
Sherlock frowned. This had to be a trick.
“I was thinking that you two were related since I saw you. You have the same air about you.”
Greg’s laugh was less strangled this time, a hint of that smile that Mycroft adored glimmering on his lips for the merest moment.
John grabbed Sherlock’s right elbow and tugged his arm toward him, sliding his hands down to Sherlock’s own. Holding it in both hands, he squeezed, gently at first, then harder. Sherlock gasped. John loosened his hold immediately.
“Okay. I promise. You’ll always be by my side. Always. For as long as you’ll have me.”
“I’m hoping that’s a long time to come.”
“Okay. No rush.”
“I need to be patient. I know. But you don’t know how hard that is.”
John sighed. He dropped his head back and he stared up at the ceiling with a bleary expression that slowly sank into tired resignation.
“No. I didn’t mean… I don’t blame you. I don’t even blame him, really. He’s being a good brother, I suppose. You’re involved in plenty of dangerous situations. I do seem quite the dodgy character from his perspective.” John sat down with a tired sigh. “So what’s the plan? How do we get him to back down?”
“It’s accurate enough. Victor left seven years ago. It was a mistake. An accident. I haven’t touched drugs since then. When are you going to trust me to make my own decisions?”
John protested that he would do a rubbish job at reading Hamlet, especially if he had to act out the parts, but Sherlock disagreed. Curled up on the sofa with his head in John’s lap, John struggling to infuse the proper, somber gravitas to the voice of Hamlet’s murdered father, Sherlock was perfectly content. That night, when John announced his intention to go to bed, Sherlock finally mustered the courage to ask.
He pressed the green key.
“Goblins aren’t real, as far as I know.”
The rate of fantasizing about touching his companion only intensified as their conversation continued. He was sure that he should not be contemplating asking Greg to go to his house, but god, did he want to. But he mustn’t, so he bit his tongue until the very last moment, when Greg took the initiative for him.
“You don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock frowned as he played his own words back in his head.
“You’ll have plenty of time to gossip about me when he visits London. Never mind that now. What did you think?”
Mycroft chuckled.
Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement, then turned his attention to the seal skin, sitting on the chair beside it. John had never told Sherlock where he hid it, and Sherlock wouldn’t dare ask something so private. Yet here it sat, out in the open, left within such easy reach. Sherlock could fondle it, cut it, steal it away, hold it for ransom before John even realized, but John knew that Sherlock would never do such a thing. He trusted Sherlock to not so much as touch it without his consent. Sherlock was often careless and intrusive with others’ things, but this skin wasn’t a mere thing. It was part of John’s self, the counterpart of the human skin that formed him now. John wouldn’t be able to feel Sherlock’s touch upon it now. He would never know, but Sherlock would, and it would burn him alive with shame. He had been wrong to grab John’s skin in the grip of his panic a week before. He had apologized since, and John had accepted it, and now he was leaving Sherlock alone with such an intimate part of himself. A glad smile warmed Sherlock’s face.
“What?” John and Greg said in unison.
“It’s fine.”
He placed Sherlock’s foot back on the ground and went to recover the skin, wrapping it around his waist to cover his nudity. Right, so the skin was real enough. Either that, or both it and John were illusions.
“Good. I intend to.”
“She’s good. Things are good between us. Listen, Mycroft, I’m sorry about how I ended things. I really shouldn’t have done it like that.”
“The gardener staged it all,” Sherlock said, handing the file to Lestrade. “Honestly, so simple. If that’s the best you’ve got, I’ll be heading out now.”
“Not that hun—”
Right. This arrangement was always meant to be temporary, not any sort of commitment, which would have been strange, in any case, after having known each other for only a week.
Sherlock chuckled at John’s obvious change of subject, but he wasn’t about to turn down that offer.
A note? Sherlock sucked in a breath, instantly on high alert. He steepled his hands, fingers clapping in glee.
Sherlock popped out of the kitchen like a Jack in the box.
“There’s more than that. Sentimentality over me being your brother? People are so prone to that.”
“Sherlock?” John murmured a long while later.
Sherlock raised his head, frowning down at him.
“I thought you might be irritated enough to look it up. What’s his middle name?”
“I said you’re better than my skull. It doesn’t matter. We have a case to solve. Come on. Put your shoes on.”
“Good. Good, good. Very good. Um…”
Sherlock scowled at the message. Mycroft couldn’t even see or hear him. How could he always deduce him so easily?
John squeezed higher up Sherlock’s arm and dropped a kiss on his hand in apology. Sherlock peered at him, narrow-eyed, for a moment longer, then laid his head back down, letting it go. It was rather difficult to stay annoyed at John when he was doing such delicious things to him.
“Me, too.” Sherlock leaned back, meeting John’s eyes. “Let’s get to Baker Street so I can greet you properly.”
“That’s good. I don’t have any reason to believe that he’ll be adverse to your announcement.”
He steadied his tone more that second time and raised his head, straightening in his seat, but there was no disguising how upset he was at the possibility of Sherlock suddenly leaving. Sherlock frowned, surprised by his own distress at the thought of having to do so. They had only known each other for a few days, and yet John was his friend. Sherlock didn’t go around idly referring to people as such, even the rare ones who tolerated his continued presence. As much as he had bristled at Mycroft’s nannying him over John’s status in his life, the annoying git had been right about this. John mattered to him. He was important. Sherlock couldn’t define how exactly, but he couldn’t just up and leave John here in Dover without dire consequences to himself. Mycroft had been right about that, too. It had been too many years since Victor, whom he had also latched onto rather quickly, but it was so rare for a living person to intrigue him past deducing them in a few seconds. For that person to wish to be near him in return was practically unheard of. How could he not be compelled to hold on as strongly as he could?
Annoyingly, Lestrade refused to be cowed by Sherlock’s glare and stood his ground, shoulders squared back.
“Anyway,” he continued, “against my better judgement, I agreed to go on this outing. I did ask him however, to keep it secret from you. I didn’t expect our encounter to be repeated, so I didn’t see the point in upsetting you and making you suspicious of Greg when his cooperation with you was being so beneficial to your recovery.”
“Lot’s of things, but I’ve had the urge to have you wrapped around me for the past few minutes.”
“Are you a selkie, too?” Sherlock asked Greg, peering closely at his face, not that there were any signs to see, anyway, except for the way that Greg’s eyes widened in shock and alarm. He and John must have recognized each other by scent. John’s sense of smell wasn’t as acute in his human form as in his seal one, but it was still remarkably impressive.
“Mm?”
Sherlock grinned even wider and bounced his feet against the floor.
“Impossible, I should say.”
Sherlock, while far from flourishing, was improving from working with Greg, who tried his best to ensure that no one mocked him or resented his presence. This could not have been easy with Sherlock’s persistent refusal to obey basic common courtesy. Mycroft didn’t get to see Sherlock often, but when he did, he looked less depressed and healthier, like he had an actual purpose in life beyond walling himself up in his tiny flat and losing himself in experiments to dull the ache of not getting high. Perhaps with his newfound purpose he might be able to finally summon the willpower to stop smoking as well, a vice that Mycroft also struggled with despite having officially quit a year earlier. His energy was less manic, more focused and hopeful. If he kept this up, one day he might actually be happy. Seeing life return to Sherlock’s eyes was a debt to Greg that Mycroft could never repay.
Greg blinked at him. “I would love to; God, Sherlock, you’re getting married.”
At one, I met Sherlock. He was in one of the practice rooms of the conservatory.  He typed on the iPad,  “Accompany me?”
One day, the two men decided to board a plane to New York for their first fertility appointment with Dr Matilda Lambert: a fertility expert that worked closely with the LGBT community. “You need to get married before the birth," she said.
He took the lift to the second floor of the hospital where the ICU was located. John looked around for a familiar face. Mycroft exited the hallway with a woman who was obviously his wife or girlfriend. John walked towards him and abruptly punched Mycroft's face.
Sherlock scowled. “Mycroft told you.” He reminding John saucily.
“Is that what you are going to say about this?” John said.
“Yes."
“I am fine,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock laughed. “Oh no, Mrs Hudson. We don’t ascribe to that thinking.”
Inside the train, Sherlock was quietly, rocking a tiny bit. They got down at Farringdon Station. He held his partner for entirety of the ride. They walked from the station to the hospital.
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock shrugged. “There wouldn’t be checks and balances because we couldn’t ask the person.”
Sherlock tapped his fingers with his other hand. “They would tap my hands hard, if I didn’t listen to them.”
When he ate, though, he was very particular about what kind of food he ate. Sherlock loved French pastries, burgers, dumplings, chips and pasta. Also, he had a lot of rules with eating. For instance, he wouldn’t eat without a fork and spoon unless eating crisps or chips; also, the utensils had to be metallic.
XXXXX
Even if they hadn’t seen each other eye to eye at somethings; he and Lestrade were on the right side. He nodded his head. Sherlock and John turned their backs to leave, but Lestrade stopped them. “Sherlock, John?” He said.
Sherlock had emerged from the lab and scowled when he saw Mycroft. “Brother,” He said acknowledging.
It was nearing morning when they got out of the airport. John had called Mycroft earlier while Sherlock was in custody. Mycroft wasn’t happy about the whole situation, but John had to insist. He told him that they would be taking the plane and that they would go from New York to Springfield  after they had rested in Mycroft’s Manhattan flat. Then they would sleep in their rental car.
Then there was a voice from Lestrade’s left. It was his best friend and brother, Sherrinford. Sherlock looked at Sherrin and smiled. “Surprise! It’s a real pirate ship.”
“Newton School, Chippenham, I am not an idiot, Lestrade,” Sherlock said. “I know it is not MET jurisdiction, but there were many kids that were targeted by teachers.”
“Where is the copy of Beyond the Graveyard?” Sherlock asked.
“You can’t do that!!” Sherlock said. “John, the side effects hit me hard.”
John smiled and got back to his writing. For the rest of the day, the two-man stayed that way.
They stopped at a burger joint in St. Luis, Missouri. It was lunch hour in the middle of town. The ambient sound of the city was too much for Sherlock’s nerves.  He was stimming, flicking the table with his fingers while John ordered food.
After graduation, Sherlock was approached by the London Philharmonic Orchestra to be a soloist in a production and after which a place with a group. That meant moving to London, which was fine. I miss Cambridge though.
Callahan cut John off. “I am well aware of the accusation against Mr Landon. However, Landon had left the school ten years ago; well before I took over.”
I decided to come with Sherlock because my family would never be the same. My parents are divorcing; they told me the last time I visited. So when Sherlock offered for me to come, I said yes right away.
“Oh, Sherlock, I am very hungry, thank you,” I said, as he shouldered his violin.
“Maybe at three-thirty or four.” It was one in the afternoon now and they hadn’t eaten lunch. John nudged Sherlock to the kitchen to eat. He loved how Sherlock loves his cooking and would be asked for seconds.
“Yes, but we could to a breakfast place today. We don’t have pancake batter today.”
Sherlock’s first week back at his first job was fine. He had a case - it was money laundering. Back then, he had hated those sorts of cases, but now he found it very calming.
“They had to, love.”
I biked the distance to the campus and ran to student affairs at the administration building.
Sherlock didn’t miss a beat; he scowled at John. “Never better.” He said sarcastically. They walked the short distance to Gregory Lestrade’s division; Homicide and Sexual Crimes. They found Greg in his office chatting with an older man, the police captain.
“No, I didn’t. I was in love with him back then.”
On their way to the other hospital, Mycroft called Sherlock to inform him that he and Anthea would be on the next flight out.
The attendant nodded while Sherlock glowered at him. John and the attendant helped Sherlock into the chair. He rolled the chair inside of the airport.
“So, are you saying that you took an overdose because you were put into therapy?”
This is my very first Sherlock fan fiction, so thank you for reading, it wasn't perfect. I know it wasn't. But I enjoyed writing this one. My next fic would be called; A change of heart.  Please do comment. Thank you very much.
“Sherlock, what’s wrong?”
A man approached him; I could see Sherlock’s anxiety level rise as he looked at me. I did the only thing I could think of. I approached him, putting my hand on the small of his back and led him to a table glaring at the man.
Maximilian looked at Sherlock and then to the hallway. And took a deep breath “My teacher…”
John nodded. They were silent for a long time then he asked, “How was ABA growing up?”  If Sherlock knew about camp, then John could ask him about it.
Sherlock sighed, “It was the boyfriend.” He looked at the file with a dramatic intake of breath. “Look at this, Lestrade,” Sherlock pointed at girl’s neck. “That was a young man’s chain. They fought about something. Now, shoo.” Sherlock stood up leading Lestrade out with any word.
“You need to eat, Sherlock?” He asked exiting the tube station at Baker Street.
“And it’s Greg, Sherlock.”
Sherlock had been out of the country. He went to see Ella and talked to her. After his session he had been diagnosed with PTSD, just last week.
Sherlock nodded and took the tablet from John’s hand. “I don’t like anti-anxiety drugs, John.” Sherlock gave a weak protest but took the pill anyway.
John slid down next to Sherlock and kissed him on the face. “Sherrin told me you aren’t autistic. Why did Mycroft tell me you were ?”
Sherlock nodded. “Why?”
“Yes, I understand.”
“Stop making excuses, Ms. Starr,” Sherlock shouted.
Sherlock looked annoyed at his brother and hissed, “The airport is noisy.”
Sherlock sighed, and rub his eyes, considering. “I want to talk to him, yes; However, John. I don’t want…” he stopped; looked at John, “to say the wrong word.”
So, John researched about ABA and Autism; he wasn’t a psychotherapist or a developmental pediatrician. However, his husband was showing a lot of signs of it. He lacked the communication skills to talk to people; he was obsessed with the Work and most importantly, Sherlock engaged in self stimulatory actions.
Sherrinford Holmes sat at his desk at King’s College planning his younger brother’s stag do. Sherlock, as a boy, had wanted to be a pirate. He phoned Mycroft who answered after the first ring. “Hey, it’s Sherrin, Mikey!”
I waited with Sherrin, in her room. He was playing, I looked around the room, it was nice with high ceilings. Sherlock came in with a violin. We left his at my apartment.
“I know that this game is usually played by friends, or partners, to tell the partner about a difficult topic.” Sherlock looked up. “I know that coming out was hard for you, John. So, I know you were raised in the church. You went to church every week and your parents are both devout  Christians. So, how old were you, then, fourteen?”
“I met Lestrade when I was twelve - when our mother died. He came here to inform us," Sherlock said. "However, we got to know each other after he arrested me for drugs. At the station, I solved four somewhat petite crimes and one big one. Lestrade told me that if I want to help NSY, I ought to be clean. So I got clean."
Sherlock remembered that he needed to speak with John about his plans. He took a deep breath and said, “I am thinking of retiring.” He watched as too many emotions flickered onto John’s face: shock, disappointment and then sadness.
“John?” We went to the dining room. “Sherlock’s got apraxia, and high functioning autism.” his father said.
He could hear Mycroft rustling papers in his desk. “What time is it in Utah, John?”
“Why? What’s wrong, Sherlock?”
The nanny, as soon as she saw Sherlock came in, looked at him and asked without words how the appointment went. Sherlock approached his daughter, who didn’t gave any indication she saw him.  “She has it,” he said simply.
“What on earth happened?” John asked. “I was just out for a little over ten minutes.” Sherlock didn’t answer, obviously he had gone non-verbal. John was not surprised. “I need you to sign or nod your head if you can hear me.”
XXXXXXXX
“How’s Daniel?” Sherlock inquired out of the blue. Daniel Piers, Kate's husband, worked as a behavioural profiler for the FBI.
Five minutes later, they went inside. Sherlock was the first one to enter. He was greeted by Sherrinford with a hug. “Congratulations, Sherlock!”
“John?”
John wanted to cry; he wanted to curl up in his seat and cry.  He hadn’t talked about this, not even with his therapist. “Yes, they used such methods for compliances purposes. When you complied
John looked at Anderson with a ferocity that scared Sherlock. John looked at Sherlock and back at Anderson. “Hey,” John shouted.
“How do you know, love?”
He cut me off. “Your face, look anyway, Mycroft isn’t my son. He is my wife’s from her ex, and although he loves Sherlock and Sherrin he won’t go above and beyond for Sherrin. Sherlock would. We just need him to be his best self.”
_______________
Greg leaned over and nodded. “What?”
Sherlock spoke first in a furious tone, “No.” He slightly shoved him.
“Okay,” John said.  Sherlock could hear clicks from the other end of the line. He texted a contact for the St. George Police. ‘I found him. SH.’
Dr Andreka looked worried. “We last saw Maximilian this weekend.” She frowned.
The drive was calm; Sherlock was asleep in the passenger seat. John thought of Mycroft. How could he blame the man to want his younger brother safe, and control his brothers every move? Mycroft was a child, too. This bastards never deserved to be teachers in the first place.
“Yes,” John muttered. “You want to eat?” Sherlock looked at him, and shook his head. “coffee?” Sherlock nodded his head; he got his coffee from the kraft and brought to Sherlock. Sherlock tasted it.
The young man huffed but showed no irritation. “Here,” he said and led Sherlock to a display casing with plenty of rings.
The end.
The short drive from Baker Street to St Barts Hospital was tense. John knew Sherlock hated talking to people at counters, and that he couldn’t stand it.
Sherlock nodded. “I can,” he said, looking at John while climbing into the ambulance. “John!” he bellowed. “See you at the hospital?”
“I need to be sick,” Sherlock said.
He stopped then and took a deep breath. “John and I went to see a friend.”
As they were walking home from Tesco’s, Sherlock said; Thank you, you’ve been a great help with this case.”
John shook his head. "No, but Mycroft did."
John moved the gear stick from four to five. “No."
I hope you and Sherlock are doing well. I sent you three different files, it was in PDF format. Thank you for doing this.
“Yes, as if you didn’t know that.” Victor sighed. “I studied kids who were abused by priest, clergy, and teachers.”
It had been nine months and thirteen days since Mycroft had summoned Sherlock and John to his office to ask the detective and his blogger to go after the Criminal Network. They had been on the run from Moriarty’s men since then. The two had been in Paris, France, Rome, Italy, Copenhagen, Denmark, Nuuk, Greenland, Manhattan, New York, Boston, Massachusetts, Chicago, Illinois, Las Vegas, Nevada. Their last stop was Salt Lake City, Utah.
Since he had become sexually active when he was eighteen, in his first year in university, he had been very careful with who he shared his bed with. Because, as a person who grew up in the 80’s, and who could remember the protest in New York and the death of his favorite non-classical composer, Freddie Mercury, he was terrified of getting AIDS.
As the two men walked through the corridors, Sherlock lent on  John who gave Sherlock his arm.
A beat of silence later, John Watson arrived, followed by two St George Police officers. Sherlock nodded at the boys and girls sat at the shanty. “Mr Holmes?” The Police officer looked at him.
Sherlock slammed his hand on the table and paced the whole of the room. “Ms. Starr, you’re lying. I know you are.” He looked at her. “If you don’t cooperate with this investigation then the MET will make your life a living hell.”
The next morning, Sherlock decided to propose to John. So while John was working, he went outside to look for a ring. Twenty minutes later, he came across a jewellery store and entered. “Hi, sir,” a man in his early twenties said. “Welcome to Chanel. What can I help you with?”
“Sherlock, you just have a seizure; did you take your gabapentin?” John said sotto voce. Sherlock shook his head. “Maybe Phenytoin would work?”
Sherlock halted his frantic pacing, glared at Callahan. “You are going to tell me what you know about the child abuse accusation; I know you were a board member of the Independent Boarding Schools Congress.”
We went inside the bar. Sherlock looked to me, and it was quiet. He looked very pleased to be here with me.
As their food came, Sherlock asked the waiter for a metal fork and knife. The waiter gave him plastic ones. Sherlock was very annoyed; he stood and paced.
John dutifully searched the book. “Sherlock, there’s nothing of that title.”
“Good morning, Nichola,” Sherlock said, looking at his son with love.
John arrived home a little early, surprised to see Sherlock asleep in their bed. It was only four in the afternoon and Mrs Hudson had called him earlier because she was worried for Sherlock. “Sherlock?” he said, moving to their room. “Are you alright?”
The call to the Andreka-Carlson’s home was a Herculean task; John thought gravely, however it couldn’t help he knew. Sherlock was pacing the room thinking of god knows what. He dialled; the mother, Dr Andreka answered.
The final two people from the Best Person list were Jacob Sherrinford Alan Holmes and walking with him was Harriet Jane Watson. Mycroft looked at Sherrinford and thought about how fast time flew.
“Call her, now and call Mycroft, too, John.”
“Excuse me, John. Brother, I have to go; Michael will contact you,” Mycroft said. He got his umbrella and left.
When John woke up Monday morning Sherlock was awake. He turned to face his lover and said, “Good morning. You didn’t sleep last night.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Neurologists and psychologists want us to be normal.” Sherlock stood up pacing the sitting room floor. “These therapies punished us when we were not compliant.”
“Okay, okay,” John said in placation. “I’ll wake you up in an hour.” He gave Sherlock a kiss in the forehead; stood up and went downstairs to eat breakfast.
Epilogue:
Sherlock gave the man a once over. “Your boyfriend's cheating you and you know it. Now show me where the men’s engagement rings are.”
“Victor,” Sherlock said in greeting, then he looked towards John. “This is my husband. Retired Captain John Watson of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers. He works here, as a doctor, down at the clinic.”
“Caring wasn’t an advantage,” Sherlock said to himself. John knew those words came from Mycroft; now he knew where that thought came from. Mycroft cared for Victor and nothing happened.
I had quit my job because it wasn’t fulfilling me anymore and, besides, with Sherlock it was unethical. I am working as a waiter at one of the bistros off campus. But Sherlock and I still hang out together, a lot.
Valentine’s day Five years later,
John squeezed Sherlock's shoulder. “Okay, let's find Sebastian Moran.”
Sherlock turned to face John. What John saw was a gut churning image. Sherlock’s face was beginning to bloom with black and purple bruises. They had done a number on him.
Sherlock took a deep breath. ”We were eating at Starbucks when we heard gunshots. Like a good consulting detective, I followed the bullet trajectory. It wasn’t this random woman; they wanted to shoot us.”
“I just had lunch with your brother,” said Greg and John saw Sherlock flinch. Greg noticed it too. “What’s wrong?”
“But they assured us,” his mother said.
Sherlock sighed. “Do I have a choice?”
John nearly rolled his eyes but remembered that he didn’t ask Sherlock explicitly for tea. He shouldn’t be surprised really that his partner being on the autism spectrum; didn’t know how to ask him: Hey, John, You like tea? Sherlock didn’t get that. John instead stood up and got his own cuppa.
Mike frowned. “That’s concerning…”
John looked up at Sherlock and hugged him. “Yes. Is that a question?" They kissed, hard, sweet and loving. “I love you too, Sherlock.”
“See you later, Sherlock, okay?” I said as we were parting.
Sherlock sighed disconcertingly. “My head would just hurt more in the hospital.The lighting and the noise would be annoying.”
Sherlock was stock still, then a grin started spreading on his face. "Hi, little ones,” he said to the screen. “Daddy and Dada will be waiting.”
Then dessert was served: chocolate cake for Sherlock and strawberry cake for John. Sherlock was nervously tapping his fingers. “Love, what’s wrong?”
30 October 2013
Greg looked at him, surprised. “I know you have a degree and all, Sherlock but you hate working with victims of violent crimes,” he pointed out.
He walked home from Chanel. When he arrived, John wasn’t there; he blew a sigh of relief. The first order of business was to call Greg. He answered after the first ring. “I sent you a package.” Sherlock said without preamble.
