Dean turned around and looked at his brother, scoffing slightly as he looked at the other's face. "I don't know... but I know it has to do with Demon blood and your psychic shit. I heard what Cas said last month. 'The boy with the demon blood' ringing any bells?"
Dean braced himself, "NNGH!" He grunts, his teeth clenched tightly and volts of electricity surged through his body. His body convulsed as the hooks conducted every little ounce of this machine.
Dean barely noticed he stood, but once he did he looked back at Sam and couldn't help but notice that he had his worried face on. A look that he has never gotten used to. His eyes brows always furrowed and he looked like a lost puppy. Dean shook his head slightly. "Okay, well that narrows everything down. So what - a seal gets broken. We can just undo whatever was done and BAM-" Dean clapped his hands for emphasis. "-seal get's plopped right onto the cage."
The door flung open, the brothers and the Demon stood ready. Only one of them relaxed as two personages walked in. The first, being Castiel. Dean's shoulders relaxed slightly, but saw Sam move. "Sam, Sam wait!" He said quickly and put himself in between his brother and his apparent angel. "It's Castiel, the angel." He guessed that since the other's wings were black his brother could mistaken him for a demon. Even though demons didn't have wings like that...
Ruby handed him the bowl. "Light this on fire, and say the words that I wrote down. Once the angel gets here, light the oil up. I'm going to get as far away as possible so he doesn't smite me and asks questions later."
"Good, you will love it." Dean smirks and sat back. "Got any weird sex stories like I just told?"
Dean took a deep breath as he looked up at the stars, giving a faint smile as he watched them shimmer. From this high up he could see everything and more. The trees of a forest stretching out for miles and miles. The amusement park that was only a short distance away. The Farris Wheel that stood over everything else. It was stopped currently, letting passengers and young children on for their little fun dates. Even from this distance Dean could smell the popcorn and funnel cakes. Maybe even hotdogs and clowns if he tried hard enough.
"Great!" Dean laughed aloud and shook his head, a hand pinching the bridge of his nose. He was just so exasperated at this point and just wanted some good news. "So wait-" He says finally looking back at his family. "How do we even know about this? Sure, guessing the apocalypse is happening based on scripture and seeing shit is one thing- but knowing about seals and Lucifer's cage? That isn't something you can just seek out."
More footsteps.
It was only a few minutes later when they pulled up to this woman's house. It wasn't what Dean was expecting. He thought maybe it would be a black house with purple accents, maybe random orbs or fake decorations in the lawn that told everyone that a physic lived there and was ready to read palms! But, no- he didn't get any of that. Instead, it was a nice house in a fairly good neighborhood. The only sign that a physic lived there was a sign on the door.
The only thing he could think of was that it might had something to do with Castiel. Castiel's eyes did glow blue as well when they where in his dream. But that was different. Dean could see the pupils in Castiel's eyes, could see the freckles of light in the iris. The glow wasn't that bright, it was just subtle enough for one to see.
"Hello, Sam." Castiel said with a nod.
He heard Sam walk towards him, his steps sounded heavier than usually. It sort of made the hairs on the back of his neck sting as if the other was to attack him. "No, there is so much going on with you- that we want to make sure you're okay. Ruby said that this might have something to do with the angels."
"Are you almost done?" Dean called out from the bathroom, having finished putting a couple of ace bandages around his wrists. It felt a little odd having cuts on top of his burned hand prints, it scratched more than it hurt.
"Idjit, you haven't been throwing up your food have you?" Bobby asked, now stepping into the bedroom.
Dean looked at his hands, taking them from the mattress and looking at his palms. He could see the blood and knife in his hands from that time. Yet, he knew he wasn't there. The fear and anxiety from that place festered in his very soul. "Somehow Dad got off... and... and I fought... I fought everyday after to kill him... to survive... to get him back on that fucking rack... f-fuck him..."
It was mere seconds before a demon came pushing into the attic, an eloquent smile plastered on his face. He wore a business suit and was balding. But his face... god his face was horrendous. All Sam was a bald pediatrician who had too wide of a smile. Dean? He saw a man's rotting and burnt face. Pockets of green and black puss dripping down his eyes and back into his mouth. Eyes that where black as night, yet had yellow undertones. Oh, and one eye was also hanging by a strand of loose flesh.
"I'm talking to Cas, alone." Dean glared.
"Okay, here for her as in- here to help her? Or-" Sam asked.
"Okay, okay, so what? How do we prevent any more lock from being broken from this bitch?" He stops pacing and looked to the other two in the room, he looked back and forth between them to look at their positions and expressions. Dean could tell they were holding something back and didn't want him to know. "Well?" He asks.
The oldest brother folded his arms and walked out of the living room, how could they do this to him? First they make a big song and dance about how he was getting worst and how whatever is inside of him is slowly killing him, and then they leave him alone in this house where he could just as easily die in? He scoffs at his own thoughts as he went into the kitchen, threw open the fridge door and grabbed vodka. Desperate feelings come for desperate measures.
"...That's only half of the time Dean..." Sam said softly when Dean gave a lengthy pause.
"Of course not!" Sam said, looking between his brother and Bobby. "You asked what we where thinking, and there it is. There is still more lore and we can find something. But for now... we want you to stay put and only leave when we need you to, okay?"
"Son of a bitch." Dean swore.
Bobby tilted his head slightly. "Dean?" He asks.
Bobby gave a look to the other and moved the needle away from his skin. "Do you want it or not?"
"Where are you going?" Castiel asked, taking a few steps and grabbing Dean's wrist in a rather right hold. The hunter looked back at his angel companion and glared.
Dean let out a small huff, he gave a once over around the room and grumbled when he found the bottle of alcohol being passed the angel. The angel either was annoyed or surprised and he didn't want to get hit with those massive wings for simply walking over, so he decided to stay stationary for now. "Well-" He said leaning back against the headboard of the bed. "A demon told Sam and Bobby."
Sam rolled his eyes, "What does that even fucking mean?"
"You too, Sammy."
"Ruby knows where Anna is, but must not feel safe to go and retrieve her. A reason why she called Sam perhaps." Dean looked over at his brother who was still oblivious to the conversation that was currently happening. He didn't need to say anything he felt, because Castiel seemed to know the next question he was going to ask. "My superior and I shall be coming in due time, and we will see each other in person. I ask that you do as we ask."
"Dean, this doesn't have to be as big of a deal as you are making it out to be. Just get it over with so we can ease our fears." Sam said in a gentle tone.
"She is far from innocent."
He paused, looking over to Bobby who only nodded in response to confirm what Sam was saying. Dean sat down himself, now sitting back and rubbing his face with his hands. "How?" He asked.
The angel shook his head as he looked down at his hands, he rung them together as he tried to think about what to do or even say for that matter. "What do you mean, Dean?"
Sam pulled out some holy water from his pocket, while clenching the Demon knife in his other hand. However, Ruby puts a hand on his shoulder, grabbing him tightly. "No, Sam, you got to pull him right away."
"Around that time, yes."
It wasn't even a second after Dean said that, before he felt his body collapsing. He looked at Sam for a moment before falling against him. His world fading in and out as he felt his brothers arms wrap around him and helping him fall to the ground beneath them. "Dean?! Dean!" He heard his brother cry out. The sound gave the impression that he was under water. It was so muffled that Dean could hardly hear.
"I just do!" However, just because Dean didn't know what was happening to him, doesn't mean that things aren't going to or won't happen. He never gets that lucky now does he?
Dean's face was hot and red, and he grabbed Castiel's wrist and yanked it off of himself, his grip equally as tight. "Then why didn't you also break out, John!? He's the one who actively did something while I was used as a fucking conduit!" Dean hissed.
He groans groggily as he felt a bit warm, his cuts stung and it was just annoying at this point. God, couldn't it just stop for one second. The hunter sighed as he stood in front of the mirror. He started scratching his cheek until- "What the fuck?" He gasped.
Sam stood up at the comment, the pieces in his hands digging into his skin. "What? Dean it's just alcohol. Why would you even ask that!?"
Sam paused for a long moment. "You can't be serious. My brother has pulled out of everything that has ever hurt him or us. He had a heart attack that doctors gave him a month at the most, and here he is four years later still kicking." He huffed.
Dean grabbed a silver knife from off of the bench, and dunked the blade into the jug of holy water with a cross necklace swimming in the bottom. "You have one chance. One. Tell me who's killing the angels. I want a name."
Sam nodded and looked back over. "See you in a few."
A man stood before him, grabbed the gun as it fired- seeming to have no affect. Dean's eyes widened in shock before grabbing at an iron sword that was on the wall and lunging forward. The person before him grabs the weapon, using the momentum to swing the hunter away from the stairs and against the wall- the sword falling out of Dean's hands as he was pinned against the wall by his wrists, the force pushing them against the wall above his head, right on his burns.
Bobby looked to Dean and sighed, he grabbed his cap and took it off of his scalp and wringed the material in his hands. This must be something serious... "We don't know what's wrong with you, boy. We've looked at almost every bit of lore that I have, but we got nothing. We think that whatever is going on with you- is going to kill you."
Sam looked down at Dean, Dean returned the look and gave the best look of desperation in his eyes that he can muster. Which wasn't difficult, he really was desperate. "Okay, what is it?"
"Dean?" The older brother looked over and saw Sam on a chair, his body on the edge of his seat as if he had been anxiously watching for some time now. It wouldn't have surprised Dean if he had.
The voice that followed was something that he never expected. This man, his voice was dark and deep, filled with a gravel undertone. It honestly made Dean pause his struggling at the unexpected nature of it. "Your friend is fine."
Dean rose a brow, a hand placed against his head as he tried to think. "You sympathies?"
The angel sighed and nodded his head. "That would be, what?" He asks.
One time Dean got really sick while watching Sam and he couldn't even get out of bed. He would fall the moment he tried to sit up. So what did little Sammy do? He made him a sandwich and it was such a random and sweet gesture.
"HEY!" Dean shouts, causing Bobby's hand to tense and jab the needle in, causing Dean to jolt and wince. "Sorry." He mumbled.
He watched as Sam looked back at Bobby, and Bobby wasn't sure on wither to believe also. But there was one last question that needed to be answered. "Dean... why where your eyes glowing?" Sam asked,
That did not make this new angel happy, he turned more to face the hunter and took a step forward. The action caused Sam to take a counter step in front of his brother. His face looked confused and uncertain. The move surprised Dean, who just took a step forward to get out of his brother's protective shield.
Ruby glared, her fists tightening. Dean's eyes changed from the glowing blue over to black, which made Sam's eyes widen. He never thought he would ever see his brother with black eyes... "What makes you think the grace will stop when he's in control? You haven't even told him what this is!"
"I did, but- it didn't work. I don't know, man... these past few weeks feels like nothing is going right."
"No, they're blue and GLOWING!"
Dean huffed and grabbed the bag away from him. "You scared him off! Also just because they're an angel doesn't mean he's the pope or something. Oh and by the way? There are 600 seals and only 66 need to be broken, just so you know." He said sitting down the the circular table that was provided by the motel. It also happened to be the same place where Sam left his laptop before having left.
The man took a step closer, Dean could feel the other's hot breath against his nose and for a man who liked his person space? He didn't particularly enjoy it. "He is downstairs, tracking down your brother's cellular device. He cannot hear you, because you are asleep."
He looked absolutely confused and looked around, he didn't see a mirror, but he then spotted the TV from early and makes his way to it. Bobby clocks his gun in warning, that didn't stop Dean. He heard the three of them shift away to keep their distance. Dean put his hands on top of the TV and squatted down, looking at the reflection.
This time, Sam took a step to the side, in the line of sight of Ruby who was still in the far end of the room. "She's good, she's helped us."
"Just store her in the trunk of the impala or something. The meatsuit doesn't have anyone in it, but it's still alive. I can just mist in and out when Dean is asleep to keep her body alive." Ruby said with a small shrug.
"Oh, every night, the same offer, remember? Same as your father." Alistair began to explain. Dean turned to face Alistair, raising a brow. "And he finally said, "Sign me up" and the rest was history. The moment he sliced into you like a weeping bitch." He laughed proudly, his head rested against the hexacle. "Now that was the first seal."
He closed his eyes for a moment, only to force them back opened once he heard silence. Bobby's house was never quiet. It always had some sort of noise, even muffled. This- this was different. Dean sits back up slowly, reaching underneath the bed and grabbing a loaded salt gun. Bobby had guns hidden all over the house, no one could walk five feet without finding one. At least if you knew where to look.
The doctor and nurse came back and removed the tubing from Dean's throat and did the basic checkup before leaving and probably going to talk about treatment plan or something else about Dean's recovery or whatnot. Honestly, Sam didn't care. He was standing by the wall when the medical staff did there thing, and came over the moment they left. "Hey Dean." He said softly.
"Oh- so three times?"
Dean paused from his sandwich, looking up at his brother and nodded. "Probably. Don't know what else it could be."
They both look down on the floor where the flask was now broken into many pieces with a black like liquid seeping out from it. They then both looked back up at each other, both pissed for different reasons. "What the hell man!?" Dean yelled.
Maybe only a few minutes later, Dean is covered in blood that this time was not his own. His head busted and body covered in marks that are almost near life threatening all the while Alistair held him by his shirt collar and punches him repeatedly against the cold hard cement, Dean's eyes slowly becoming blurry. Only to then have Alistair drop him and pick him up by the throat and shove him up against the hexacle, lifting his feet off the floor which made Dean start to choke, his hands going to his throat and clawing at the demons hand. "You got a lot to learn, boy. So I'll see you back in class bright and early Monday morning."
Dean looked exasperated, he should just learn at this point to stop making references to the modern world, but that was such a big part of his personality he couldn't just flip it off like some sort of switch. "It's nothing."
"Yeah, you too."
Castiel went to say something, but looked behind Sam's shoulder. Sam rose a brow, but before he could say anything Castiel said something new. "Your brother is holding me captive so I can explain what is wrong."
The older brother coughed, not having expected that question. His sandwich was almost all the way gone and he had just gotten it. Dean sets it down for now, resisting the temptation as well as him being able to use the excuse to talk. "I dunno man... not much to say."
During that time, Sam went back to Dean's room and sat down in a chair. Staying silent as he watched his brother sleep. The heart monitor beeping proudly to indicate that his brother was still alive, and that was all that he needed to know. The longer he was alive, the longer he had for time to get this plan done. However, he did feel a chill spot in the room and looked around. This place couldn't possibly be haunted, right?
He paused and bites his bottom lip. "I wonder..." He says softly.
"Don't you think you should've told me that before now!?" He yelled.
With as much force as he could muster, he shoved the Demon up- right as Sam came from behind and stabbed the demon now known as Alistair. It was a little too high to his his heart, it essentially dug into the Demons shoulder. He laughed crudely as his vessel shakes with orange light damaging the veins but not any permanent damage. "You're gonna have to try a lot harder than that, son." Alistair turned from them and slowly starting pulling out the blade. Yet, Dean and Sam where quicker on the draw. They both looked at the stain glass then at each other. A silent moment of understand, before the run full force, breaking and jumping straight through the window.
"No, he wasn't." Sam says in a fury.
Castiel looked up at that, his blue eyes fixating on Dean's green ones as he stayed in thought. Not much saying anything else.
Dean looked up, eyes widening as he saw a figure stand in the door way. Black eyes was all he could see, but the eyes were undeniable. "Dad?"
Sam took a few steps forward and sat on the bed beside his brother, his gaze not leaving his brother who so obviously seems to be suffering. "What do you mean?" He asked. Something that was also worthy to note, Dean has been a lot more open about his thoughts. Well, besides hell. He confessed that he remembered hell but refused to talk about it.
The brothers follow inside and Sam made sure to close the door behind them. Again, Dean was expecting different. Instead of crystals and magic stone balls, the top of the home looks like any other house he's been into. Honestly, the lay out reminded him of their other physic friend Missouri. They should go say hi to her, it's been awhile.
"I need the keys to drive."
"Great! I'll see you soon."
"This is Uriel." Castiel explained, his relaxed shoulders became rather tense now.
"And why not!?" Dean yelled back.
Dean scoffed and sat down on the bed in the bedroom that they were in. Shaking his head slightly at the accusation. "Of course not, you should know better than anyone why I would never do that. I hate being sick, and I don't like throwing up. Why on earth would I starve myself and not eat when I cannot get enough to eat as it is?"
Sam walked in between the two of them and held his hands out. Smart move, because Dean could feel a fight brewing. Those were fighting words. "Stop measuring dicks and cut the crap out. You both are right and wrong. We need to stop Lilith, and fix Dean. Now makeup and get this show back on the road. If I hear another accusation about dumb shit I will personally blow out both of your knee caps."
"Its name. It's whispering to me, warning me to turn back." She began the chant yet again, only this time, the table started rattling and it made Dean worry. "I conjure and command you, show me your face. I conjure and command you, show me your face. I conjure and command you, show me your face. I conjure and command you, show me your face!" She repeats yet again.
"That's what you think this is about?" Dean says tearing his arm away from his brother. "You have been drinking demon blood for who knows how long now! Back when Castiel first met you, he mentioned demon blood. I didn't ask too many questions, but now I know you've been drinking it like it's whisky."
"There isn't much to tell."
The angel laughed, shoving Dean's shoulder harshly which caused him to slightly stumble. "Ah, this one just won't quit, will he? I think I'm starting to like you, boy." Uriel stated, before vanishing.
"Are you two battling!?" He yelled back.
Dean wasn't startled, he was used to this now. He looked over on the branch that he was seeing on and saw Castiel. Trench coat and all, loose tie, sexed out hair. The hunter looked behind the angel and saw no wings. "I'm guessing this is dream, then?" He asked.
Dean took a moment, his gaze looking down at the cold beer in his hands. Feeling Bobby's eyes on him as if searching for an answer. All the Winchester could do was look at the frothy amber liquid in a sort of daze. Left the world with a blood thirsty demon only to return to the same demon about to start the apocalypse. Fan-fucking-tastic... "So how do we stop it?" Was all that he could muster, his mouth went dry at the thought of this. He knows the bible, and he doesn't exactly want hell on earth for a multitude of reasons.
The angel's wing's fluttered in agitation, only to loom out more proudly as the black man took a few steps closer to Dean who stood his ground admits the chaos. The angel chuckled a bit harshly. "Who says I can't?" He smirked.
"You are not ready." Was all he said before he suddenly disappeared.
Bobby transfers another look to Sam, before starting. They had a lot to go through, and this wasn't going to be an easy pill to swallow. Dean could tell by their looks... that this wasn't going to be an easy conversation.
"And she just- suddenly remembered all of this?"
Castiel took another step forward. God- did this person not know anything about personal space? "God has a job for you." He explained simply. "The idea shall be made known unto you at a later date. You need to understand something. There will be changes to your life, all of them will be natural due to the condition you came back in. Some of it will be new that I will explain."
Right as he said that, Ruby appeared in the doorway. "Who are you talking to?" She asked, before dodging out of the way the moment she saw a metal tray being flung her way.
Dean glared. "Okay what is it and where will we meet?"
The demon ponders for a moment and shrugs, "Yeah, I can see it that way. But you need to be at your best, and right now? It's like watching a sick kitten looking for milk. It's depressing."
This Demon wasn't playing around, and he grabbed Dean by the jacket and hoisted the pathetic human up. Dean struggled as he was pinned up against the angel statute, he yelled loudly as he felt the stone digging into his shoulders and ribs. "Hello again, Dean." Came the voice again, the very sound of it send chills through Dean's body. He struggled and tried his best to keep the other's face away from him. He felt as if the mucus was dripping onto his skin. "Come on, Dean. Don't you recognize me? Oh, I forgot -- I'm wearing a pediatrician. But we were so close... in Hell."
Sam looked back at his brother, "But Dean, you are dying and we can't ignore that."
So, he decided on doing something that his brother would most likely kill him for. He called Ruby, and came up with a plan. A plan that involved removing Dean's anti-possession tattoo and having Ruby possess Dean so he can wake up. Then after Dean fully healed, Ruby can leave and they can pretend that none of this ever happened in the first place.
Doors flung open.
"There is no escape, Boy. So you better get to it." Uriel stated, folding his arms across his chest.
"Wait, I thought you said you found a location spell to track me down from the messages I heard."
Dean let out a shaky breath and looked down at the floor, his eyes closed as he tried to breathe. What was he exactly expected to do? He just needed some goddamn answers and he wasn't getting any. Nothing. Nothing to help him navigate what was expected of him, what was wrong with him. God he was just so lost... so fucking lost.
Down.
The hunter made a look. "I will be." He looked over at Bobby for a moment then back at the she-demon. "Do you have a spell?"
"..."
"Dean, you know the deal. All you have to do is accept." Came a dark sing songy voice.
Sam looked over to his brother. "What?"
"And you're curious?"
"Dean, you just got back from the hospital. Only seconds actually, you're not ready to drive yet." Sam said in full honesty.
Dean rolled his eyes, he went to take another swig but looked down at the bottle and frowns slightly. How did he manage to drink the whole bottle and not feel even a little tipsy? Huh... guess this resurrected body retained a high alcohol tolerance. Now that is very interesting. "So, wanna talk about the whole 'being able to expelling demons with your mind' shit that you dropped on me right before we got our ass's handed to us by Alistair?"
"No Cas! Tell me the fuck now. What the fuck is wrong with me!?"
This time when the other had stopped, Dean's body slightly jolted and the smell of his burning flesh seared the room. Hooks are very conductive. He groans once it stopped, his head hung low once again. He didn't know why he kept fighting, every inch of his body and soul screamed for him to let go. Accept. Take the damn offer. It was hell, why would hell be easy? They were giving him a way out, a way to never feel this pain ever again, yet he won't take it. Why can't he just take it? It hurts, his body ached, he felt like crying but would never give the demons the satisfaction. Alistair wanted something, he knew it. He knew there must be something else attached to this deal, something undisclosed. That's why he's so persistent.
He waited a moment and the light switched flicked from off to on, since the lights where already on in the first place. The brother smiled. "Okay, well... are you being hunted by a reaper?" He asked.
Alistair tried to pull his body from the wall and just laughed. "You really think I'm going to tell you?" He smirked.
While Dean was kind of zoned out as he looked around the home, Pamela grabs a cloth from a hanging wall and spreads it over the table. The hunter refocuses and smirks as he seems the woman's tramp stamp. He smirks a bit and cocks his head to the side. "Who's Jesse?
"Bobby! Got me a present?" She says sauntering out of the house, only to pause once she looked through him and past Sam as well - her eyes landing on Dean. " Mmm-mmm-mmm. Dean Winchester. Out of the fire and back in the frying pan, huh?"
"Dean, you did everything you could..." Sam suddenly spoke, his hand gripping Dean's shoulder tightly yet still comforting. "You held out longer than most."
Castiel stepped closer, his wings dragged behind him as he walked. A part of Dean really wanted to see the wings on full display, but it was obvious that the other was holding back from Uriel most likely. God how he wanted to beat the snot out of that fucking man. "I was getting too close to the humans in my charge. You. They feel I've begun to express emotions. The doorways to doubt. This can impair my judgment."
Dean let out a shaky breath as his hand was suddenly empty. He sighed softly and closed his eyes with a small shake of his head. "Angels." He mumbled to himself.
"No, that's weird." Sam stated.
The oldest had his mouth slightly agape at the simplicity and vague concept of that answer before shaking his head. "So you're telling me, you have no fucking clue on what to do? Well that's just perfect."
He stayed in the corner, curled up for what felt like hours. It might have been hours, but the clocks in the gas station were all digital so none of them could tell the time. Once the storm sounded like it was finally over or pushed past them, Dean grabbed one last bottle of water for the road and headed out.
Dean made a look over at Sam and Sam just smirked and mimicked the same gesture Dean had given him earlier. Dean rolled his eyes and let go of Pamela's hand and remove one arm from his jacket - rolling up the shirt a tad bit to show the mark on his wrists. Sam looked over at it, an expression on his features that Dean really couldn't read. Pamela gently took his wrist into her palm and made everyone close there eyes as she began her chant.
"I can still smell them in here, I'm really not looking forward into intermingling with angels again Sam. Remember what happened last time?" Ruby asked as she was let in the front door to Bobby's home. A move that Bobby did not approve of.
He ended up just shaking his head and going back over to Dean's room, watching as his brother slept in the bed. Sam knows all too well about the nightmares Dean was having, and he feared being stuck in a constant one for this many days may do him so damage. Hopefully everything was okay for him though. Castiel walked over as well and Sam looked down. "Whatever you did to him, whatever you did to pull him out of hell is killing him. So save him. Remove it." He begged.
He held the gun close and blinked a few times, how did it get so dark? Dean looked to the window and stood up the moment he looked outside. Darkness. Nothing was there. He took a step towards the window and looked down where street lights should be and again- nothing. Yup, somethings here.
"No!" Alistair spits out blood and salt, hitting Dean's cheek.
Dean yanked his wrist away from the other, rubbing the scarred skin in the process. "It has nothing to do with hell!" He huffed. "I'm not lying, I don't know what's going on with me and that's it."
Did Sam make a deal? If he did, then they were in big trouble. Nothing good comes from deals, a good example would be him- heh. It would make sense wouldn't it? Dean would've done the same. The grief just takes over and then after you do anything to make the person come back. Yet again, with the apocalypse hanging in the balance- maybe a deal to get his brother back to help fight along side him might have been a kick in the ass that Sam needed.
"No one good."
what happened to Dean in hell, he refuses to talk about it. Every since he's been back he's been more vocal about his feelings and emotions, even though he hates it after he does, but hell is the one thing he has kept to himself." He sighed and looked to the side, rubbing the back of his neck as he felt his skin tingling slightly but he shakes it off. "The angels said he's tortured people, became Alistair's student. Dean claims he only tortured one person. But... that doesn't sound like the Dean I know. He is so much more forgiving, merciful, delicate. I mean, he can't do it. He can't get the job done. Something happened to him downstairs, Ruby. He's not what he used to be. He's not strong enough for this."
"Will you two please stop this soppy staring contest? If you two want to say something, just say it. I don't have time for you two to be keeping secrets. Share with the whole class." Dean said glaring.
Dean frowned as he looked back at the engraving, not liking this thing one bit. Then he remembered what Castiel had said the first time he had met his brother.
"So what you're telling me, is that Lilith - the demon who sicked hellhounds onto me so I would be dragged down into hell - is currently trying to pop Lucifer
"Bitch."
Castiel seemed to be more intrigued the more that Dean spoke, asking more questions here and there. "Did you love her?" He asked.
Bobby rolled his eyes and gave the physic a hug. "Don't flirt with him, Pam, he's a little out of the game if you know what I mean." He said pulling back with a wink.
Bobby was packing his duffle bag and looked over at the brothers, glaring slightly. "Boy, you are one gust of wind from crumbling down. You are staying here while he do this case. If this thing really is a siren, then she's going to use that against you the most since you're the weakest out of all of us."
Dean laughed and shook his head, "Hell no. Maybe if I tried hard enough, but with the way we live Cas? That just isn't a good recipe."
Dean was not convinced, because he knew his brother too well. Almost as well as he knew himself so he knew something was up, but he didn't have any proof of this so he swallowed his pride and let it go. He thinks back, laying against the hospital bed as he tried to think. "Uh... the angels appeared out of nowhere, told me to torture Alistair so I did. Somehow that damn demon was able to escape the devil's trap. He tossed me around a bit and... I think I passed out, saw you for a second, then I was here."
"Like the seals?" Dean asked.
"And since when am I the one you come to for this?" Dean began to walk over, his shoes making heavy clunks against the floor. "You know better than anyone about how my time in hell has affected me. Maybe even more so than Sam. You wouldn't ask me to do this."
He takes a slow deep breath to calm down before finally looking up and seeing Castiel in the door frame. He paused for a long moment before walking away, but Sam saw him too quickly. He got up and walks over to the angel.
Sam looked down at his brother, and his eyes slightly widen as Dean's eyes where barely cracked. "S-sammy?" He said softly.
Dean rolled his eyes, "I'll start gratitude once you tell me what the fuck is wrong with me."
Castiel looked forward as his back straightened. "My superior. You will meet him soon."
"I don't know. I just, uh, I just woke up in a pine box..." He gave a slight shoulder shrug, before giving a flinch as Bobby suddenly splashed water up into his face. "I'm not a demon either, you know."
"A little?"
When he didn't get a response, he looked over. "Sammy?" He repeats, his tone confused.
"Anna's an innocent girl!" Sam yelled.
Uriel tilted his head slightly, his expressions where a lot more expressive than Cas's. "Mind your tone with me."
Dean sighed softly as with a roll of his eyes, he was used to being mocked by his family members, but not usually when they had a needle so close to his nipple. He closed his eyes and tried to think about being anywhere but there at that moment.
Once he had finished eating the contents of the plastic box, he felt a little better, his hunger more at a barrable level than it was before. "Are you okay?" Sam asked.
His eyes widened at what the other said. "600!? 600 and only 66 need to be broken? That's ridiculous. At least they are difficult to break, that'll give us some time." Dean cards his fingers through his hair, how did Sam and Bobby not know that? Or did they know and just decide not to tell him? "How many are broken." He mumbled.
Whelp, the tone in the room had totally changed now. Like when a someone starts to cry during sex, it's rather awkward. Dean shook his head as he looked back out the window. He didn't want to be dealing with this right now, he kind of just wanted to go drive for an hour while rocking out to some of his tapes. But, that doesn't seem to be happening. "Look, if we aren't able to help me, well fuck, I've died once. I don't care at this point. I hate how I'm being treated like a prisoner. What we should be doing right now- is finding Lilith and figuring out what these other seals are so we can stop her from breaking them."
There was another moment of pause, which in itself would have told Dean the answer, but Castiel spoke the unforgettable truth. "Yes. When we discovered Lilith's plan for you, we laid siege to hell and we fought our way to get to you before you-"
Bobby looked at Sam, and there was almost a mutual sign of acceptance. Bobby stood up and left the basement. Dean could slightly hear his footsteps as he went outside, he could also hear the truck start up and speed off.
Back when he could see her before, back when he was being drawn to hell, she didn't seem phased by it at all. But now it's bugging her? All Dean would think about was what Castiel said about Ruby knowing where Anna was, and that gut feeling to not trust her was growing steadily.
In a rush, Dean sat up and set his hands onto the ground to help him stand up- only to let out a disgruntled shout as a burning pain shot from his wrists, up his arms, and down his spine. He was barely able to hold himself up for long enough to actually stand. Immediately, he removed the jacket- setting it down on the ground before looking at his arms, his eyes went wide as he looked down at his wrists. He swallowed. Two dark red marks had taken shape on his wrists, scarring the flesh as if they were burns. Dean couldn't help but notice that the marks looked like handprints. Well that isn't
The pain was unbearable, like someone was tearing him apart from the inside out. Dean wanted to cry, it was agonizing! He's felt this pressure in his head since the hospital, but nothing like this. His eyes were wide open but he wasn't seeing anything. This blinding pain took over most of his senses.
Sam quickly spoke up. "What is Dean saying?" He asked.
"Not right this second, but a lot. And I can't shut them out, there are so many of them."
It took a small bit of time to catch his breathe. A hand going against his chest as he heard thunder roaring outside from the freak storm, thank goodness he got inside. Dean looked around and bit his bottom lip. The store must've been abandoned for awhile by the way things looked, yet there was still bars of food, cans, chips, and bottles in the fridge units although there was no electricity. That didn't matter, water was water, and he was thirsty. He walks over to the fridge and pulls out five water bottles, and starts chugging them. God, how long has it been since he had liquid going down his throat? The dryness of his tongue seemed to only get worst from the more he drank.
"Yet, apparently my pray that I didn't even know that I made was for myself."
Dean rubbed his scarred wrist from where Castiel had grabbed him moments earlier, it started to buzz and burn. He moved his flannel cuff quickly, and held it back as he looked at his skin. The burn was glowing slightly and the burning only started to get worst. Uriel walked closer, only being inches in front of the hunter. Without a comment he grabbed his wrist and pulled it to him. The burning got worst, stinging with a sharp stab, and Dean let out a small yell as he collapsed to his knees, letting out a sharp hiss. "I can make you do whatever I want, boy. If it means burning the very thing holding you together, then so be it."
Bobby spoke, Dean's eyes still focused on the glass bottle. "Sam is working on it, as well as every hunter I know. It's difficult to really know what seal to prevent next."
"Again, that didn't answer my question. Who are you?" Dean reinforced.
Dean looked back, seeing the young man looking right at him and shaking his head. "Where you talking to me?" He askes.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Not buying it. How do you even know that she warded it off?" Sam showed the patterns that Dean had been looking at a moment before, but the patterns didn't look familiar, also the idea of something being warded against reapers- something that they have barely encountered didn't make any sense.
coming out. He grabs the corners of the sink and yanks it off the piping, and it clatters to the floor. The shower head ripped from the wall. The tub kicked so hard that the plaster holding it together completely collapsed in on itself. The tile on the bathroom wall became rubble while the door was shoved off it's hinges.
"It's called a sandwich, and it's not gonna bite you," Sam replies, and Dean scowls at his patronizing tone. Sam's expression softens.
“You know y-you c-c-could k-k-kill a man w-with th-those b-b-babies, right?” He asks, briefly clenching his legs around Cas's thighs.
“I see.” Exaggerating a sigh, Castiel holds up the paper bag. “Good thing I brought
It's been strange and lonely spending the night in their room without Dean. Castiel’s grace has recovered enough that he’s not able to sleep anymore, and the space beside him felt eerily cold and empty.
Dean needs a moment to let that sink in and Cas must understand because he falls silent and rubs a thumb over the back of Dean’s hand.
Sam must interpret Castiel’s dismayed expression correctly. He sends him a soft smile in the rearview mirror, but it’s sad.
Sometimes when they’re on the bed and Dean’s fallen asleep on Cas’s shoulder, Dean even gets a gentle touch or two. Like when Cas eases himself out from under him and tucks the blanket over his legs.
Maggie, who is sitting facing the door, is the first to notice him. "Hey, Cas! Welcome back!" It’s rare to see her look so young and carefree.
“Dean? Hey, whatever is wrong, you can tell us, okay? We’ll fix it.”
Dean bristles, and Castiel rubs a soothing hand down his arm.
Cas cups his cheek, and Dean gasps when he feels the touch of his Grace, barely keeping himself from flinching away. And then it's quiet, and dark. Everything falls away, and the pain goes with it.
He knows he would have noticed if he got another message from Cas, but he just—he just needs to check. To be sure.
Cas puts a hand on Dean’s back, standing beside him but not sitting down. He’s still got that frown on his face that Dean could already hear over the phone.
Dean tries to sound suggestive, but either he can't pull it off or Cas is just too damn oblivious, because he's just looking at Dean earnestly.
very excited. “She hadn’t made a pact with the Demon yet, and they promised her a lighter sentence if she gave up what they wanted.”
as ready for bed as he previously stated. He makes this clear by wedging himself between Castiel and the end of the couch. This poses a problem as their couch is rather small. It leans more towards being a loveseat than anything, because that is all that they were really able to fit into the room. Which means that Castiel is now
“I fail to see the difference.”
“It’s amazing, Dean.” Castiel cuts him off with a smile as he carefully takes an origami dragon from his outstretched palm. This dragon has a long skinny neck with a match tail, and its wings are carefully bent into a creased pattern. “I love the wings.” They’re certainly a different take than the ones that he makes and already ideas are coming to him on potentially including them in his design. “You’ll have to show me how you made them.”
.” Castiel squeezes him tightly, not wanting to ever let go. “I missed you so much. But I have to thank you for your voicemails and text messages. They helped me quite a bit.”
“You two return to the main camp and let them know what’s happened here.” He gestures at two of the ones who helped with the ambush. “And you, go with them but return with tea for the lady.” The third soldier nods and takes off after the first two. Dean drops his voice and gestures for the rest to lean in. “We’ll let her ladyship here stew for a little bit before we get to the interrogating.”
do us? It was supposed to warn us! How the hell did they even get close enough to grab him?”
“What about your Mother?” She’s been such a pleasant woman that Castiel has trouble imagining her getting angry and raising her voice.
Anything that he would rub a magic lamp for is something that he already has. Dean has an awesome house, a kickass job with a steady income, and a family that has its ups and downs but still manages to be
If you like what you've seen and like what you've read, please consider giving us both a follow over on our tumblrs. :) And make sure to give Purgatory-Jar all the love for the wonderful work she's doing with the art and the story! We're mad, unstoppable geniuses ♥
“Probably because I’m not.” Dean shrugs and takes a deep breath, fighting against the urge to grin like an idiot. “Is he awake? I just wanna drop something off with him.”
He draws Dean to him so he can tuck against his back again. There’s only a few moments of silence in the dark before he rubs his nose into the hairs at the base of Dean’s skull. “Was that good?”
“That’s good, Cas.” Dean hums softly and rubs circles in the small of Castiel’s back. “It’s okay. Just let it all out.”
. If he wanted a great big neon sign about his feelings for Cas, this is it.
Another hum rumbles in Dean’s throat and vibrates along Castiel’s erection. It’s just a sample of what he really wants as Dean pulls off again slowly, cheeks hollowing along the way. A whine claws at the back of Castiel’s throat when all he does after that is take his time licking and stroking and
“He’s a customer, Gabriel.” Castiel shrugs and turns back to his origami. “Who else would he be?”
for this one project he wants to do, so he figured it couldn’t hurt to buy a new one. Sam picks a movie and Dean doesn’t even notice. He’s too focused on sorting through the sheets from this pack, picking out the thirty that he wants to use. Once those are pulled out, he starts organizing them into five piles of six, going by complementary colours and patterns.
She looks back and forth between Uriel and Meg; eyes bright and hopeful. “DO you guys want to come with us?”
. A movie and crocheting sounds about right and he switches out YouTube for something a little more entertaining. In this case, it’s one of his favourite movies that he keeps here in his bedroom. That’s the only place they’re safe from little miss sticky fingers Jo. She’s scratched one too many DVDs for it to be
Castiel’s heart jolts painfully in his chest. That’s basically an admission that Dean
Until then, he’s going to spend as much time with her alone in his bedroom where he can focus on getting himself into a mind space where he can deal with a large crowd.
There’s an uneasy feeling sitting heavy in Dean’s belly. This is seriously bad for his heart and maybe, just maybe, Dean should take a break from this place for now.
“This is
“Just say what you’re dancing around saying.” Dad crosses his arms and his lip curls in a sneer. “Why haven’t you found them yet?”
Before Cas can even react, there’s a ridiculously loud cough behind them. Dean groans and drops his head to Cas’s shoulder too. “Hi Gabriel.”
“At least tell me we get some closure with Simon and River’s story.” The look Cas gives him is just desperate enough that Dean somehow manages to keep himself from laughing. “It’s been two episodes and I have no answer as to what they’re running from, and they are
Of course he doesn’t go into detail about the fucked up stuff that Cas had to go through, but he does wind things down by saying that he’s doing okay now. Cas will probably be messed up for a little while, and he might not really be the same again, but he’s okay and that’s what matters. It would be better if Dean could be there with him, but that’s unfortunately not the case. He won’t be able to help Cas with adjusting, and that’s something he’s really struggling with.
He really, truly, honestly is not sure where his boundaries actually lie at this point in time. All Castiel knows is that he wants Dean and he wants
for me?”
Jess nods in agreement. “It’s an acquired taste.” She flashes a smile at Dean and gives him a double thumbs up. “Knock ‘em dead.”
day for me.”
Grandma Campbell taught him how to work knitting needles and crochet hooks back when he was young, and with a video walkthrough it should be easy enough to get the hang of things again. Dean won’t make any commitments for this right now, but he definitely saves some of those videos to his Youtube bookmarks. Just in case, y’know? They might come in handy some day.
“Oh, come on.” He whines at follows at Castiel’s heels as he heads deeper into the apartment. “Are you
Cas’s growl rumbles through the clearing as the SWAT guys start surrounding him. He swivels in place, watching everyone around him. There’s something weird about what he’s doing though. Cas has his head cocked to the side, like he’s trying to listen for something.
a bite. “Are you able to wait that long or – or – or should I blow you again?”
to back out of his shift. Perhaps the holiday pay is too good?
At the moment, Dean’s present is tucked carefully into a little box under the counter. That’s where it’s going to stay until he comes in tonight. Castiel has to be very careful not to jostle the box or drop the ball inside. Doing so would set off the spell and he will absolutely
Castiel shakes his head with a laugh. “Dean, I have known you for five months now. You are
John hums and takes a quick pull of his beer. “According to Sam, you were gone for a pretty long time. Where did you go?”
hear the end of that teasing. It would be up to truly epic levels and Dean actually gets chills thinking about it. Okay, so maybe she doesn’t know. But it’s not that hard to
now – and the first was before they were even dating! Just thinking about it makes his heart stutter in his chest.
’ at some point tonight.
Yup, there’s that slur Dean picked up on earlier. It’s more pronounced now, and this is as good a time as any to call it quits. Cas is apparently not only a sleepy drunk, but a touchy feely one at that. Dean trusts himself not to take advantage of that, but he doesn’t want to run the risk of Cas attempting to do something that is
right now? Fuck, he absolutely has to check on that when he takes Sam there later –
.” Cas’s voice cracks and he sniffles loudly.
secrets.
“Family of the team doesn’t count. You know that.” Bobby crosses his arms and his glare just gets angrier, even though it’s half hidden by the brim of his hat.
. He would never hear the end of it if he did.
was the one who suggested the race in the first place.
“Hey!” He places himself in front of Castiel and snaps his fingers in his face. “I’m talking to you! Either tell me what the hell is going on or I’m cutting your TV privileges.”
Almost as if speaking of her has summoned her, Nike appears in the thick of things while licking her chops. She looks satisfied, though she’s in need of a brushing. Castiel will have to do that after they’re done their decorations. He carefully stacks the ornament boxes off to one side while Nike takes her time to investigate all the new things on her own. Gabriel stops her from jumping into the main box – if only because their parents stockings are still inside.
“Don’t judge me.” Gabriel sniffs and picks up the envelope that makes up his second, and last gift.
? What if it over takes him enough that he doesn’t even realize that he’s hurting him? What if the spike of the spell is so overwhelming that he can’t control himself at all?
She meows again and butts her head against the underside of his jaw. He enjoys it when she does that and lets her continue doing it while he moves around the room to put out some fresh food for her. While the kitchen might be where they keep the majority of her food, Castiel does keep a couple cans in his bedroom if he ever wants to feed her in the middle of the night without clunking about in the kitchen where he might end up disturbing Gabriel.
time together.”
“Breeding.” Castiel bites out and his wings flare with his rage. “I didn’t – I
His fingers fly faster than his brain can keep up and in the blink of an eye his phone pings with the confirmation e-mail for his purchase. The regret is
Dean switches his coffee to his other hand – out of her reach. “Thanks, Jess.” He pats her on the shoulder. “Sorry Sam couldn’t be here to keep you company today.”
She looks between his hand and his face before actually shaking it. “A pleasure. Are you one of the other employees or a frequent customer?”
a false alarm, to a degree.
Alright, he’ll concede to that. “Get out of my room so I can go shower.”
That’s part of the reason why Castiel is rather proud of himself for having zero hesitation about grabbing Dean’s hand to drag him over to the sink the moment the swearing started. His back had been turned at that point in time. Castiel had been bending over to pick up some of the garbage left over from their crafts. He’d crinkled up wrappers and thrown them on the ground for Nike to play with while they were working. Since Dean had been starting on the last sleigh, Castiel had figured that it would be fine for him to start cleaning up.
builds quickly between his legs, tenting his sweatpants.
Of course, there shouldn’t
to build up the courage needed to tell Dean that he’s ready for the next step. Or the next step as
picked up from twenty minutes ago.
If you like what you've seen and like what you've read, please consider giving us both a follow over on our tumblrs. :) And make sure to give Purgatory-Jar all the love for the wonderful work she's doing with the art and the story! We're mad, unstoppable geniuses ♥
That obviously strikes a chord with Cas. He goes unnaturally still and his eyes go wide behind his glasses. It’s a blink-and-you-miss-it kind of moment, because an instant later he’s ducking his head to hide his face in his hands. “Oh God, you
Dean shrugs and folds it back up again before handing it to Cas. “Because that’s how it works. Now it’s my turn. Give me my fortune!”
. If they think he’s dangerous because he’s physically stronger than they are, or because he’s got a natural resistance to magic, then they’re wrong. That makes him trouble, but it’s his
Before he can call her by her new name again, there’s a knock at the door. It puts Castiel’s heart in his throat and he almost drops his book in surprise. He takes a deep breath and forces himself to try and act like he didn’t just pick a name for the cat that he’s not supposed to be keeping. “Y-yes? Come in.”
“Sam texted me everything!” She pats him on the back and steps away, all smiles and shining eyes. “I’m so glad everyone is okay.”
. It’s impossible to bother him during that time period.
“But – why?” He has the feeling that he knows why, but he needs the confirmation.
seem to care about them. She notices them approaching before they’ve even reached the couch and she’s on her feet in an instant; wearing the biggest smile Dean’s seen in ages. Gilda stands up too and Charlie gestures excitedly between them. “Handmaiden, this is Gilda. Gilda, this is my handmaiden.”
The text messages he got earlier are from Sam and they’re ringed with angry looking emojis.
“Oh, you
to say that he’s ready to face anything their future throws at them because he doesn’t want to miss out on this, but now Cas is closing his eyes and hesitantly kissing him back, his feathers rustling while his wings move and
Castiel’s phone – and to text
pin, but it’ll do for now.
, huh?”
“You’re not going to go downstairs in your underwear, are you?” Chuck Shurley may have Castiel paranoid out of his mind right now, but he’s still a
Gabriel stares at the cat for a few moments before he reacts. He claps both of his hands to his cheeks and lets out a high pitched squeal that makes Castiel wince. It’s an overly dramatic reaction and he hates it. Everyone is making such a big deal out of this and it’s almost unfair to be the only person who
hasn’t quite figured out and it’s making him dizzy.
“Thank you for the words of warning.” Castiel nods and slides a hand into Dean’s hair again. “Now less talking and more
. Yeah, he’s pretty much done with the party right now. He doesn’t even hesitate with kicking off his shoes and heading upstairs. Looks like he’s going to be
Nick sits upright in bed and his grin is downright
“I’ll try not to.”
The pizza isn’t enough to hide Dean’s smile or how his blush grows darker. “If you think they’re weird or something, I can just make you something else. It’s not a big deal, or any–”
“Oh, my knight in a frilly pink apron.” Castiel clasps his hands together and flutters his eyelashes for additional effect. It’s rather silly of him, but he’ll do just about anything to help dispel the tension in the air. The more they talk, the less his has time to dwell on his nerves.
“But I –” Cas steps on the edge of the sheet and scrabbles to keep it up around his shoulders. He’s blushing more than before now and Dean is finding it
"No, no, Channing, please just –" Kevin sighs loudly and shoves a hand through his hair. "Just listen to me, okay? I can't let you know about the party tonight. The schedule for New Year’s Eve hasn't been released yet. I'll let you know if I can go after I see – I'm
“I guess.” Sam shrugs and looks at it too. “I mean, the most I can do right now is build it taller, but that would end up affecting the structural integrity of the whole thing.”
He basically crawls on top of Charlie to get her to wake up. She barely moves, but her face totally crunches up in an unhappy wince. “If you were anyone else, I’d be reporting you for sexual harassment.”
Keith rolls his eyes and tugs Dean’s arm hard enough that he stumbles forward. In the blink of an eye, he finds himself seated on one of the chairs left folded out from the wall. He gives Dean a hard look before moving past him to shut the doors. There’s a smug grin on his lips as he leans over and bangs on the side of the van. Within moments, the engine rumbles to life. Gabriel nearly falls over as the van lurches into movement and pulls back out onto the shitty dirt road.
well? Castiel had been bracing himself for an outburst of some kind, especially given how nervous Dean had been all day and leading up to dinner. It’s a bit surprising, but he’s not going to complain. Dean is relieved, and so is he. Everyone seems to be breathing easier now, and that makes the conversation start to flow into what turns out to be a very pleasant dinner.
Dean can count on one hand the number of times that Cas and Gilda have met. They’ve bumped into each other a couple times whenever they’re both spending the night at Dean’s house, but they haven’t really had a chance to
Well, this is a surprise. “Okay?” Castiel can’t really think of anything else to say. Dean has never really been
Castiel raises an eyebrow and looks up from the container he’s inspecting. “Is that
Rowena and Crowley were right, though. The potion is the better choice between it and the spell. He refused the potion, going so far as to actually throw it at Crowley’s head when they first tried to get him to drink it. Because of that, he was forced to endure the spell and it was honestly the worst thing he could have done. The effects of the spell are instantaneous and entirely unpleasant. His body’s hormones shifted so suddenly that Castiel was nearly blinded by the
!” With a gleeful cackle, he starts in on his own presents. “This one is from Nike!” He rips the paper off to reveal a bag of expensive coffee. “It probably won’t be as good as ours, but it’s better than the instant stuff we’ve got now!”
Jo makes a quiet gagging noise and laughs. “TMI, you two. It’s going to take me twenty years to be as comfortable with the both of you as you already are in each other, so can you wait until I’m
Dean, so to speak. He likes having control over things, even if it’s only with his strength.
hard to sound lighthearted. “Since when did you get so controlling about where I go, huh?”
Cas nods, his smile turning determined. “Not in the slightest. Especially since you’re going to be driving me home afterward. It’s the least I can do for such an imposition.”
. Send her a nice note and let her know you're looking forward to it ♥
He’s not really aware that they’ve reached the parking lot until Rowena draws him to a sharp stop next to a transit van. There are actually a handful of mismatched vans parked along one of the fences in the parking lot, all of them with tinted windows. What had started as a half-dozen Witches is now over two dozen and Castiel honestly can’t remember when they showed up or where they came from.
Castiel turns back to touch the head of the crane. “You’ll have to teach me some of these folds. I haven’t really branched out from cranes and dragons for a while.”
that a blush is starting to fill his cheeks. Holy shit, it is
If it’s not entirely obvious to all outside parties, Dean is
want to follow. He just wants to take it slow and ease his way into it. Because maybe he was wrong; maybe he
He starts walking without another word and Dean falls into step next to him, his head down and his shoulders curled. Is he feeling as bad about this as Castiel does? Part of him hopes that he does. This has changed the evening and it will most likely change the course of their friendship if he lets it. And if he doesn’t, Castiel can’t help but wonder what that will mean for the both of them. His mind is so preoccupied with thinking about the future that ten minutes into their walk flies by.
. Does that mean that this is how Cas jerks himself off? That’s way more arousing than it should be and Dean groans low in his throat. It’s so hot to know that Cas wants to make this good for him, and he’s doing a fantastic job of it. But it’s still not fair to him. He can feel Cas’s erection brushing against his ass every so often Dean’s got a weird urge to rub back against it. At the least, he just really wants to
, you dork.” Dean sticks his tongue out and Cas crinkles his nose at him. It’s fucking adorable and Dean has to step back. He’s been taking advantage of the minimal space at the party and Cas’s own nervousness as an excuse to keep touching him and that’s
The world is beautiful and amazing and nothing can ever go wrong. Dean feels like he’s walking on clouds and seeing everything through rose coloured glasses. Now he knows why the school kids in his anime always have flowers and rainbows and sparkles surrounding them at moments like this. He’s going to get to hang out with his crush on Saturday and this is the best day of his
“You’re
take issue with. His reaction must show on his face, because Dean quickly tucks his phone away and shakes his head. “Yeah, never mind. Forget about that. I’m just going to keep it for me because no one else deserves it.”
“Sure thing, kiddo.” Gabriel passes it over as he stands up. He ruffles Castiel’s hair on his way past. “I’m gonna go get breakfast started. How’s French toast sound?”
Yeah, okay. That’s really not helping his nerves right now. He knows that this is something to do with his birthday, but he’s still kind of on edge. Dean doesn’t much like surprises, really. Jump scares are probably his least favourite kind of thing to see in a horror or thriller movie. It’s the cheapest of scare tactics and he hopes that he’s not going to get a pie to the face or something. That actually sounds like something Gabriel would pull, whether Cas wanted him to or not.
“Well, alright then.” Dean shrugs, but he’s still completely and utterly suspicious of this whole situation. Charlie is going to hear all about it as soon as he gets back to the station, just so he can get her opinion on it. “Hey, Cas, can I get some coffee and stuff before Charlie crawls up my ass for taking too long?” He jerks a thumb over his shoulder at the counter, because he really is starting to push the limit of how long he should stay away from the station.
“Of course.” Cas gives him a fond shake of the head. He turns in his seat to nod at their other two guests. “Charlie; Gilda. It’s nice to see you again.”
Cas huffs again and Dean wonders if he’s got his arms crossed or not. “How opposed would you be to coming to the café? I could make you a tea on the house.”
“We all kinda knew he was taken by someone, y’know?” Charlie rolls over onto her back, but tilts her head so it’s still touching his shoulder. “We just didn’t really know
He’s just wrapping up when Gabriel walks in with a mortar in hand with a vaguely purple paste sitting in the well. “Okay, prissy-pants. Let me see your booboo.”
. Sweet Mary, Mother of God, he needs answers and he needs them now. For instance, what woke him up? Could it be because he’s been sleeping since – Oh shit, what was the last time that he can remember? Somewhere around eight o’clock, maybe. That’s a solid eight hours of sleep, more or less, and he might have woken up just because of that. Or – or maybe it’s the voices he can hear whispering rather loudly out in the hallway.
creatures.” The fluttering seems to be spreading from his center out to his extremities now, and once again, Castiel is stymied by human physiology. It seems that something has triggered his vessel’s hypothalamus to activate his sympathetic nervous system, readying it for “fight or flight.” He shakes his head and takes a few slow, deliberate breaths, hoping to tame the vessel’s adrenal response enough to counter the sudden profuse perspiration and shortness of breath now accompanying the rapid heartbeat.
When they reached the lower level of the Bunker, Castiel tried to duck out from Dean’s hold, but the hunter clung stubbornly, curling the broad fingers to squeeze at the cap of Castiel’s shoulder.
Hunting things.
“That was…” Cas murmurs, smiling drowsily up at the ceiling, all fuck-drunk and abso-
I believe it’s an offering,” Cas begins, “an apology, perhaps, for what happened this morning.” He turns his attention back to the ravens, nodding solemnly as speaks. “Your kindness is noted. Thank you.”
and it’s better than…god, it’s better than anything Dean can remember.
“I love you, Castiel,” Dean says, with a certainty and self-assurance he never dreamed possible. “You…you changed me, too.”
Cas smiles at him, careless of the tears slipping down his cheeks.
“Shit, sweetheart, what’s got into you?” Dean practically growled, and all Castiel could do in response was whimper, wordless and plaintive. Dean welcomed it, though, rewarded his desperation with another bruising kiss, and then dropped to his knees.
John Winchester’s voice rang in his head, full of its usual disappointment.
He’ll tattoo it right on his ass, if it means getting to keep Cas.
Dean tries not to squeal like girl at the prospect of a
Then he felt it. A slight twitch of Cas’ head, heavy in his lap. Dean watched that chapped bottom as it began to tremble, felt the warmth of fresh tears as they pooled and fell, catching on the fabric of his shirt. And finally, that low husk of his voice, roughened by days of disuse.
done this, made an almighty being of celestial intent speechless.
, he’s okay with it. The thought barely has time to flitter through his mind before Dean is moving, pulling his angel—
It’s enough to break Cas free of his reverie. He shakes his head, those icy blue eyes slightly glassy and unfocused, then blinks a couple times. When he looks up, though, he levels a piercing gaze right through Dean, once again watching him with laser-sharp focus. “Of course,” Cas murmurs as he stands, squeezing Dean’s palm with those long, slender fingers, “let’s go.”
“Yeah, it was,” Dean replies, pressing his lips to Cas’ cheek. “Thank you,” he continues, barely louder than a whisper, “for…for, uh…y’know.”
Cas moves eagerly, almost desperately, through the halls of the bunker dorm; Sam is about halfway to a jog just to keep up. When they reach room 28, Cas comes to an abrupt stop that has him tripping over his own feet to avoid running into what would surely feel like a brick wall in a trench coat.
Cas lowers Dean onto the mattress, reverent and loving, and then collapses next to him with a sigh. “That was…” Cas drifts off, his eyes closing, and he’s so damn beautiful Dean could cry.
“Cas,” Dean whines at it, at the too muchness of it all, because Cas will know what to do. Cas always knows just what he needs, even if he don’t know himself, and so Dean lets Cas take over, take care of him.
“My dream was…you, Dean,” Cas answered, as Dean watched the first tear spill down his still too-pale cheek. “Us. That there was an
in the face of the elements.
of so many more times, with Cas. Instead, he whines like a girl, “Cas,
me.”a
Slowly—oh so damnably
close enough before slingshotting back into the darkness. They had unspoken rules, boundaries they did not cross…and this?
“You alright, Cas?”
“I’m sorry, Dean.” It had become a common refrain, a near constant stream of apologies for messing up, coming up short, for letting Dean down. Castiel folded in on himself as he backed away, trying not to let his mind wander to that hazy golden memory of…no, not memory. The
“Y-you, Sir. Whatever—however you’ll let me.” He barely recognizes his own voice, gone high and breathy, still hoarse from having his Master’s cock shoved down his throat.
Cas nodded, closing the gap between them, and this close, Dean could see Cas’ eyes shining with unshed tears, too.
Staring in dismay at the glob of cloudy white now dribbling down his shoulder, Dean just grunts forlornly.
“Y’ready to get breakfast?” He asks, voice falsely bright, and rubs his palms together. “Think I saw a diner on the way into town last night.”
-lutely adorable, “a very good experiment.” He reaches out blindly, his hand flailing until it lands on Dean’s, and interlaces their fingers together. “I’d very much like to do it again.”
Dean takes a deep breath in, and opens the door.
Dean’s not quite sure what’s happening when he wakes up. Has he been passed out for hours, days? Fuck, who knows, anyway? It ain’t like he’s been keeping good track of time lately. It’s different from the last few times, however long it’s been, because something’s just…just
“Goddamn menace, is what they are,” Dean mumbles to himself, though he knows the angel can hear him.
“Oh yeah, then what
Dean scrambles to obey, even as he feels himself flush. His cheeks, his chest, the tops of his ears, even, growing hot with a complicated mixture of embarrassment and arousal. He feels so exposed, so vulnerable like this, and Cas
When Dean broke this kiss to murmur “Bedroom,” Castiel allowed himself to be pulled down that nondescript gray hallway. Went willingly when Dean shoved him against the wall, licked up the tendon straining in his neck, nipped and sucked at his earlobe until his knees shook. Castiel whined when Dean pulled away, just far enough to lead him by the hand, tugging him toward the door at the end of the hall, but he couldn’t help himself. He didn’t care that he sounded so desperate, so needy, because he missed that mouth on his neck, those kisses bitten into his lips, and he needed more. Needed them like breathing.
It’s mesmerizing.
“Cas,” Dean whines, and that single syllable contains multitudes.
It barely registers to him when Cas dips down, bringing those big hands down to knead and squeeze Dean’s ass before he lifts back up, encouraging Dean to wrap his legs around Cas’ waist. Cas holds him like that, like he’s not a grown-ass man, and
, Dean wants to get his lips around that cock, wants it so bad he’s mouth’s watering.
A gasp from the front seat interrupted his desperate plea as Sam jolted awake.
One particularly aggressive thrust sends Cas’ cock between Dean’s thighs, the head butting up along his perineum, ghosting his asshole. It’s unexpected and sudden and feels so fucking good Dean wants to cry. Maybe he still is.
“Take off your shirt, Dean,” he demands, and Dean scrambles to obey, only his hands are clumsy and shaky and don’t quite remember how they’re supposed to move. But then Castiel is there, kneeling above him, straddling his lap, and it’s okay—
“Dean,
does that make Dean squirm. Held tight by the man he loves, like it’s nothing, writhing against the soft material of his pretty lingerie. Dean’s halfway gone already.
Sam stopped staring at his phone long enough to glare at Dean. “His phone’s not showing up on GPS any more. Last ping was from—” He trailed off as he scrolled back through the history on the app, “Tuesday morning. Outskirts of Buffalo.”
Reluctantly, Castiel tears his attention away from his phone to scowl at Dean from the passenger seat. “It’s got excellent reviews on Yelp,” he grumbles, sitting up straighter in the seat like he’s preparing for battle. “And the owners work with a small network of local organic farms and apiarists for almost all of their ingredients, as well as selling the products on a consignment model under the umbrella of the shop brand. It’s quite an innovative business model.” He’s gone a little dreamy at the end of it, a soft little curve toying at the corner of his mouth, as if “innovative business model” tasted like peanut butter and honey.
and the two of them are walking into a
Dean shut him up with a kiss.
!” His voice drops to a soothing purr. “Baby, what did they do to you?” Scowling, Dean caresses the metal hood, then takes a slow circle around her, examining the still-gleaming black exterior for any evidence of foul play. “Stupid flying shit machines.”
He longed to brush his thumb along that jaw, massage the tension away as he peppered kisses to Dean’s cheek, his temple. He ached with that longing, the memory of Dean’s skin warm under his touch still so fresh in his mind, yet lightyears away.
” He ducked his head at the admission.
Castiel swallowed, his cheeks burning at Dean’s drunken praise. “Come on, let’s get you to your room.”
Dean feels…
to be owned.
!” He pulls his coat collar up to brace against the wet blast of snow on his neck, regretting that he doesn’t have gloves. “Hurry up, man, let’s get outta this shit.”
“Alright, Dean.”
When it still mattered.
Dean thinks to himself as he gives his hands a quick but thorough wash.
This time, it’s Cas who takes the lead, surging up to lick into Dean’s mouth with a feral growl. He kisses Dean with a bruising force, staking claim with lips and teeth and tongue. Dean melts into it, meets the desperation of Castiel’s desire with his own, sucking on the tip of the angel’s tongue, scratching his fingernails along the back of Cas’ neck.
“Havin’ my way with you,” Dean answered, his voice gone all low and throaty in a way that made Castiel’s head swim, heavy with confusion and desire. He let it fall, and it hit the wall with a thunk as Dean made quick work of undoing his belt and and button. Castiel hissed in relief as Dean tugged his trousers open, giving his erection room that Castiel hadn’t even realized it needed.
“Wait, Dean,” Cas begins. “I…I need to know what this…” His voice trails off, a shadow of uncertainty flickering across that beautiful face, dimming the light in those ice-blue eyes. Cas draws his lower lip between his teeth as he glances down at the floor. “I can’t…” he says, voice tremulous, and Dean has to fix it. Has to wipe away the uncertainty, to kiss where Cas chews timidly on his lip, has to make it better. Has to make it
He’s still impaled on Cas’ dick, wrapped around him like a baby koala when Cas starts moving. Only after he stumbles does Dean realize that Cas is trembling, moving on shaky legs toward the king-sized bed in the center of the room. He tries not to complain when Cas pulls out with a squelch, and a dribble of semen leaks between his cheeks, but the fond smile and shake of Cas’ head tells him that his face was still pretty loud about it.
“Dean.”
it like, Sam?” Dean crossed the kitchen in a few steps as the anger that had been a constant bubbling beneath his skin threatened to boil over. “If it wasn’t like that, then why won’t you tell me?” He stopped mere inches away from Sam, hands clenching into fists at his sides, eyes narrowed into a defiant glare. “Huh?”
“For stopping at the Honey Beanery. I’ll definitely need to leave it a positive review on Yelp.”
“He didn’t want to leave.” Dean had to unclench his jaw to speak, and he hated how wobbly his voice sounded. “If you hadn’t forced his hand, he woulda died in his fantasy world rather than come back to m—us. Sounds like a choice to me.”
He needed to rip the bandaid off, disabuse himself of that delusion before he got hurt worse. “Then why’d you…you were willing to—“ his voice was barely a whisper. “what was worth dy—what did you dream about, Cas?” He pressed his tongue against the roof of his mouth, took long breaths in through his nose, and willed the tears forming behind his eyes to clear.
“Real mature, Dean.” Sam’s face had gone all red and tense, kinda like a constipated Bible salesman who’d just realized mid-poop that he was in a gay bar. Not that Dean had ever witnessed something like that or anything. “I just think you should give Cas a break.”
“Let’s go home.”
Castiel’s lips curl at the corners, stretching his mouth into just a tiny little hint of a smile as he listens.
just ‘stupid flying shit machines.’”
When he stands up, Cas is cupping both hands to his heart, his eyes locked on whatever it is he’s got in his grasp, a delicate smile toying at the corners of his lips. It’s rare to see Cas look so…so peaceful. It’s a good look for his friend, one that has Sam smiling back without even realizing it.
“Of course, Dean.” Cas doesn’t even look up from the display as he gives Dean his order. “I’d like a large Honey Spiced Latte, please, and a honey glazed cinnamon bun.”
And Castiel was, after all, a mere mortal. Even though he knew it wasn’t real, knew it in the depths of whatever pitiable simulacrum of a soul Metatron had left him with, Castiel didn’t care. Not when Dean Winchester was looking down at him with love in his eyes, offering up his heart’s desire on a golden platter.
, he thinks,
Comforting.
“Is Garth sure we’re dealing with a djinn?”
like he was something precious. Like he just might love him back.
Nervous, uncertain, Dean darts his eyes around the room before he dares to do more than look at what he finds within. The set looks so soft, sensuous, and the prospect of feeling that fabric against his bare skin…He traces a single fingertip along the delicate fabric, and can’t control the sharp intake of breath as the intricate lace catches against his calloused skin. His whole body is flush now, heated through with a combination of embarrassment and arousal.
“Wanna feel you,” he pants against the shell of Castiel’s ear, “bed. Now.”
It’s a subtle thing, really. A shift in the atmosphere. A ripple of…of
set of molecules lit a fire within Castiel’s very essence, transforming angelic perfection (in the form of full, unquestioning obedience) into a fallen, volatile individual.
punctuated with gasps and wordless grunts.
Dean looked up at him, cocksure and beautiful, those magnificent eyes twinkling from beneath his golden lashes, and grinned. In that moment, he was utterly, perfectly sinful, and for the first time in his existence, Castiel understood completely why the first humans Fell. Because he would give up all the Grace he no longer had for this. Dean Winchester, kneeling before him, plush lips curled in a seductive smile, the metal of Castiel’s zipper flashing between his teeth. If this was what temptation felt like, Castiel would never stop falling.
Dean tackles him, mouth crashing against Castiel’s to taste his name on his angel’s lips. “You’re here. You’re here. You’re here.” The words fall from Dean’s mouth like a litany, kissed and licked and nibbled into Castiel’s flesh as he wraps his hands around the angel’s neck, pulling and clawing to get impossibly closer.
As he takes in the shop, Cas lights up like a kid on Christmas, and damned if Castiel ain’t fucking adorable with his nose and cheeks all pink from the cold, making the blue of his eyes that much more intense. He tugs the yellow mittens off and stows them in his coat pocket, then tosses a shy grin Dean’s way. Hand to god, Dean feels it all the way in his goddamn toes.
A ghost in a rumpled trenchcoat and suit, all too familiar except it’s now entirely black, and that beautiful, almost completely new light in his eyes, shiny with unshed tears.
Perimeter check.
Dean turns and presses a kiss into Cas’ inner thigh. “I think we can make that happen.”
As far as first kisses go, it’s pretty damn tame. Dry and soft, just a delicate press of lips to lips for the most fleeting, blink and you miss it, of moments. Nothing to write home about, and yet…it’s everything. In that moment, Dean’s entire world shifts approximately 7 degrees off its axis. When he opens his eyes, all he can see or think or feel is Cas. Blue eyes sparkling at him, the warmth of his breath heating Dean’s skin, the solid pressure of his body against Dean’s. “Let’s go back to the motel.”
Cas talking sweet nothings in Enochian triggers something primal in Dean, has him seeking out Cas’ mouth with his own, desperate and needy. The kiss is wet and messy, their teeth clashing and scraping against each other’s lips, the coppery taste of blood melding with spit, but who cares? Who the fuck cares about a little bit of blood mixed in with the taste of Castiel’s mouth on his? Dean snakes his arms around Castiel’s neck, slides his fingers through that mess of dark hair as he pulls himself closer. Their bodies are pressed together from shoulder to knee, but it’s still not enough.
The sign, lit up like a beacon, has Dean imagining his first bite as they pull into the parking lot. Yes, an award-winning apple pie waffle sounds just about perfect. Throw in a side of bacon, and it’s just what he needs to improve this shit (
“Yeah. Seven confirmed kills in Toledo and Cleveland. He lost the trail west of Erie, Pennsylvania, but he thinks it’s still moving east along I-90.”
Dean watches in awe as the love of his life cycles through approximately 347 emotions in a matter of seconds, each one flashing a different micro-expression across that magnificent face. What he lands on has to be the most breath-taking thing Dean’s ever seen. Cas’ cheeks are wet with his own tears, a beatific smile on his lips and those eyes…the sheer love and adoration in those eyes defies all description.
Bundling back up to face the cold, they quickly make their way over to the Aurora Sunrise B&B. “Yelp says it’s ‘queer friendly’ and has king-sized beds in all suites, Dean,” Cas had said before they left the Honey Beanery, like he was ramping up for a debate on the subject. But he didn’t need to because he had Dean convinced with “it’s just across the street.”
Cas scowls up at him, but that beautiful, fat bottom lip is trembling, which kinda ruins the effect he’s going for. Dean chuckles as he runs the pad of his thumb up the underside of Cas’ shaft, slow and teasing, then raises a single eyebrow in question.
Dean’s still coming down from his own release when he feels Cas come against his hole, spurt after spurt of it dirtying him up in the most delicious way he’s ever felt. Exhausted, Cas drops all of his weight onto Dean, and Dean just eats it up, stays all wrapped around him like a goddamn baby koala. Because
“For what?” Dean pulls Cas in closer, kisses the top of his head.
From the backseat came a barely audible whimper, and it echoed in his head like a scream. “Cas?” Dean begged, “You hear me, buddy?” Another whimper. Dean scrambled into the back seat and pillowed Cas’ head on his lap. “Come on,” he said, stroking a damp lock of hair off Cas’ forehead, “you gotta wake up.” As he continued petting Cas’ hair, he noticed the tears wetting his temples.
Dean’s a mess now, babbling and writhing in Cas’ arms. His cock aches where it’s pressed between their bodies, precome darkening the edge of the silk where the head is peeking out the top of his panties.
“Did you…could you not get through to him?” Dean rasped, unable to tear his eyes from where he cradled Cas’ head in his lap. “Musta been quite the party, huh? Angels singing and shit? Hamburgers everywhere?” His lips quirking into a bitter, crooked smile, he blinked back unshed tears before he looked up at Sam.
“Guess I get to go first.” Dean waggles his eyebrows suggestively, pleased with the soft smile that toys at the corner of Angela’s lips in response. “I’ll have the apple pie waffle and a side of bacon, please, darlin’.” She makes a point to brush dainty, soft fingers against his hand as she takes the menu from Dean’s hands.
This was decidedly
Cas pulls him into his arms, wraps him up in warmth and safety, somehow making him feel small even though he knows he’s larger than Cas.
Time slowed to a standstill at the first press of Dean’s lips to his, soft and dry and wholly chaste. Castiel melted into that first kiss, wobbling like his bones had liquified, and Dean just held him tighter, strong arms wrapping tight around his waist, pulling them flush together from knee to chest. At the first tease of Dean’s tongue against the seam of his lips, Castiel moaned, low and rough, and slid his arms around Dean’s neck, pulling him even closer. And when he parted his lips, welcoming Dean’s searching tongue, it felt like he was coming home.
It hardly registers when Cas mutters under his breath in frustration, because apparently jeans are too complicated for a horny angel of the lord, or when the jeans rip because Cas is an impatient son of a bitch. No, Dean’s too busy jacking Cas off, committing the shape of his cock to memory, how the velvet-soft skin slides over the rigid shaft with each upstroke, the way Cas gasps when Dean drags his thumb over the head.
Dean’s knuckles were white where he gripped the steering wheel.
He took in another shaky breath, opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. What could he possibly say to Castiel, who had lost so much because he’d had the bad luck to get caught up in Dean’s shit? With a wobbly shake of his head, Dean closed his mouth and shrugged, useless.
Cas rolls his eyes at him. “I would take entire responsibility for its care and maintenance, so you wouldn’t have to worry about ‘cleaning out their shit from boxes.’ And cats are quite intelligent, and with proper training and enrichment, wouldn’t ‘scratch shit up.’”
Fuck, he
Eyes glued to Castiel’s mouth, Dean licks his lips, and wraps his free hand around the angel’s neck, closing that distance for good.
Dean’s kiss-swollen lips tingle at the ghost of Castiel’s breath against them. Their foreheads are still touching, the tips of their noses, too, but the infinitesimal space Cas has put between their mouths, even if it is just to whisper, is too much, too far. He chokes back a whine as he nips at Castiel’s bottom lip, feels the curve of Cas’ smile against his lips as he slips his own tongue into Cas’ mouth.
It’s something…
“Stop that,” he chastises, loosening his grip so that he can tug Cas’ lip free with his thumb. “These are too pretty for you too be messing ‘em up like that.” He leans down and presses his lips against Castiel’s.
There’s a warmth on his cheek, a slight pressure that he realizes is Castiel’s thumb, stroking and soothing, as the rest of his hand gently pushes against Dean’s jaw, moving him into place and—
“I trust you, too.” His angel—because grace or not, Castiel will
There’s a rustle of wingbeats, ozone flooding Dean’s senses, and a dizzying moment later, they’re back in the room. Cas crowds into him, personal space be damned,
“We should probably get you back to the bunker.”
“Yes, Dean?” Cas crowds into his space, so close that Dean can feel the heat radiating off his body, but not quite touching, not giving Dean
His poor Baby. She don’t like the snow, and it’s been coming down hard for a while now. Cas mentioned something about lake effect as they were passing Lake Erie, and maybe Dean should’ve been paying closer attention to what the angel was saying instead of thinking about what he wanted to do with the honey Cas was gonna buy when they stopped.
bed, and let himself submit, wholeheartedly, to the fantasy.
As soon as they’re both out of the car, Cas starts up, talking as if he’d just pressed pause on a conversation while they were riding.
They kiss like that for fuck knows how long, Cas supporting all of Dean’s weight because Dean’s body sure as fuck can’t be trusted with anything as complicated as balance when Cas’ lips are on his. Not when he finally
"That's- that's not what I meant." He said looking away from Dean, and taking a few steps away and walking over to the cupboard that where in the room and picking up a syringe from off of a sterile plate. "Uriel is dead." He explained.
Dean's eyes widen as he suddenly gasped when being woken up. This time, it was himself who woke him up. He sat up quickly and before he had a chance to look around he felt tight arms on his shoulders. "Dean! Hey Dean- Dean look at me." He did as told and looked up, seeing his younger brother. He looked down, seeing the hands on him belong to his brother. A quick glance around and he confirmed that this was the same house he passed out in. Ruby standing a few feet behind his brother and Anna sitting on a chair next to the couch.
Dean glared and looked back at him, this new angel's stance bugged him. It wasn't like Castiel's who seemed relaxed. This one looked like he had a stick up his ass. "Okay, who the hell are you and why should I care?" He yelled, frustrated.
This time, it was Dean's turn to smirk. He gestured with the knife as he turned back on his heels and walked back over to the cart, having the other facing his back as he looked at the cart. He would never admit it, but the visions and images in his brain slightly aroused him. Getting the payback he so desperately wanted, but his fantasies filling his head weren't of Alistair. It was of someone else. "Well! Maybe a piece of me was left, but something else filled that hole. Whatever was left, I don't need." He chuckles a moment. "You're going to be disappointed."
This time, Castiel expressed emotions that weren't hidden behind an expressionless wall. He blinked slightly and tilted his head. He looked like he wanted to say something, but refrained for the time being. "Yes, I do. That is not why I came here today."
Dean banged his head against the window of the car, letting out a horse moan, he really didn't want to explain every damn expression that he used. Might as well just skip past that part then. Yet, again, he was curious on if the Angel would understand. "You know, flirt to convert? It's when a really holy chick or guy flirts with with someone to make them believe or have faith or whatever. Like this one time? Lidia Croust, oh god did she have a bod. I believe I was maybe twenty at the time. She was all loyal and bright, really flirty and handsy. She kept trying to make me go to church with her- meet her family, but I'm just not about that life." He thinks back at it with a small chuckle.
The hunter rose a brow at what the angel stated. What does a soul even look like? Let alone compared to one with angelic grace. "So your grace is killing him, then why not remove it?"
The hunter frowned and folded his arms. "Okay, you woke him up. Now his body can heal, get out of him."
"Dean!" Came a shout.
Dean shook his head and marched right out of that hospital, Sam not far behind him as they argued the whole way. Not the cleanest getaway that they where used to, lots of people saw them arguing and anyone who actually listened in might have thought they where insane or on drugs. Which honestly, they could be both right now and neither would know it. It took a hot minute but Dean was able to locate where Baby was and he unlocked the trunk, giving a quick glance around as he armed himself with a gun, another gun, and a few knives. "Get in the damn car, I can't even look at you right now."
Slowly they parted, Bobby smiled. "It's... it's good to see ya boy."
A gust of wind slowly overtook were he laid, it felt peaceful and kept the possible burns away from himself. Dean laid there for what could've been hours, the smell of the trees around him was intoxicating when compared to the other senses he'd been with for... quite a long time. He didn't know what snapped him back to reality, maybe it was the soft chill that told him the sun would be setting any minute now, but the first thought was- "Sam!" He said aloud.
"Yes, Dean. We have to make sure." Bobby stated.
Dean drops his head back on the couch that he was laying on, letting out an annoyed sigh. It had been a two weeks since he had been brought back to life. Most of that time was spent with him eating as much food as he could as well as taking a lot of naps here and there whenever he could. When the idea of this thing that brought Dean back was an angel, the boys were spent looking up every bit of lore on these creatures as possible.
"There isn't any other reason why you wouldn't want to be sleeping, Dean?" Bobby asked.
Alistair shook his head, smiling deviously. "I told you~" He hummed. "Don't speak unless spoken to, Deany."
Dean doesn't visibly react, he only takes a few steps forward. "You're lying." He accused.
They went up the stairs to the attic, which was decently sized for a church. There was closets, harps, tarps, as well as an old fashioned grand piano and what also looked like a movable organ. Stain glass was present on all of the walls, pictures of Jesus with a bible in his hand- as well as pictures of prophets hung in dust and dirt. The most eye tracking thing that was up there was an angel statue that stood off to the corner side of the room, it was probably the cleanest thing in there. Dean couldn't even see dust on it. Once fully up the stairs, Dean grabs a lock from his pocket and puts it on the door, just in case. Can never be too careful.
"Hello, Dean." Came a voice from the backseat.
"Angel's have the ability to see spirits and other creatures of the paranormal and supernatural. I can tell by a simple smell or glance at them to know. It is useful when being a soldier of the lord."
A long time ago, back when they first started hunting beside their father, Dean dislocated his elbow and John had to put it back into place. Didn't want to risk a hospital visit. So, his father counted down and the moment he got to three, Dean tensed up and it just made the dislocation so much worst. They ended up needing to go to the hospital in the end, but Dean did get a scolding.
'?" He asked.
"I'm the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition. "
"Well first off, why would an angel want to rescue me from hell?"
Dean paused at the thought, realizing that he was on the bed like before, shaking his head slightly to get rid of the memory he was about to think of. Yet, the more you don't want to think of something, the harder it is to not think about it. He laid his head in the pillow and covered his body up with the blanket, using it as a sort of muffle for his ears. He really didn't want to think about it, please don't make him think about it... please god - don't make him.
Dean rolled his eyes and searches his jacket pockets and grabbed the keys for Baby and just ignored his brother for the time being. "And you can't? It's English college boy, I'd think you'd be better at reading than I am."
The angel did not respond how Dean would have liked. "There is a great plan out there, Dean. You must understand that. When the time comes, you will know what to do."
In what manner Uriel had done to betray them was not on his mind currently, honestly he didn't care. The only thing he could assume is that somehow Uriel freed Alistair from the devil's trap and meant for the demon to kill him. Yeah, Dean still thought the angel's were grade A+ dicks, but not murderous dicks. Have to add that to the tic list. "Alistair said a few things that make me concerned." Dean started, looking down at the floor.
Well ain't that the most biblical name a demon could take on. "Shoulda figured I'd get a name.
Dean huffs and folded his arms. "Is that demon blood?" He asks point blank.
Dean bobbed his head, feeling the exhaustion pulling his body down - but he wanted - no, needed to hear this. The two probably thought he was already passed out, this was the only time he could actually get answers from the source. Also, who doesn't like some juicy drama and a fight?
Dean looks down, biting his tongue as he got pissed off. He looked back at Sam who looked confused and worried. His brother took a step forward and kept his gun raised. "What do you mean?" Sam asked.
"An angel. Apparently she rebelled against heaven and angel's were sent to kill her. She ripped out her grace so she could be hidden from other angels."
He thinks for a moment before shaking his head, "Nah. Just get me whatever." Dean said before entering the bathroom, "Oh wait! Sammy!" He sticks his head back out the door. "Don't forget the pie."
Dean ran a hand through his hair as he started making his way back up to his hospital room and bed. This better not end up as it did last time. He doesn't need Sammy selling his soul to save him from utter destruction. Also this time, Dean knew what to do. He just needed to avoid whatever reaper is sucking the souls out of this place until his body can heal on it's own. He's been healing himself all the time lately, by accident with no real control, so his body should be in great shape right?
The angel gave a nod. "I do. The reason is... Human's weren't made to contain grace without being used as a vessel by an angel. His body is reacting poorly. The main reason is that the human body likes to do things on its own. Subconsciously. Due to this, Dean is using my grace and is unable to control it. Thus he is unable to keep his body from using the energy. Leading to the weight loss and the hunger. The exhaustion is caused by not having enough energy to sustain the energy he uses."
The one place that Dean hated waking up in more than outside in the middle of nowhere, is waking up inside of a hospital. Nothing is worst than waking up and hearing noises around you, it felt like being abducted by aliens. First it's the blurry eyes waking up, muffled noises of people in the room, and this complete sense of drowsiness. However, that was not what he experienced this time. He was wide awake. Fixed in hospital pajamas and a barren hospital room. The bathroom door was open, so he knew no one was in there thankfully.
Came a deep graveled voice, reminding him of... no that was just a dream- it's not this Castiel person.
Dean's shoulders grew tense as he felt a hand wavering over his shoulder, and he know it was Sam debating on if he should physically console his brother. He didn't want to be touched, but he wasn't going to tell the other not to, not when he felt a couple lose tears running down his cheeks. "But one day... I saw him. God Sammy... I never thought seeing someone would tear me apart inside. It was... i-it was Dad."
Alright, that wasn't nearly as bad as Dean's thoughts. At least everyone's alive and that was the best that he could have hoped for. However, he paused for a moment before responding, picking up on something as he thought about the other's words. "Wait, Bobby was there? I didn't see him. And- where's Bobby now? You'd think after what John did at the hospital last time he would be here."
Castiel nodded, seeming to get back on track. "You are heading into some dangerous territory with Sam, right now. This woman who can hear us, you cannot trust her, nor the demon who is beside her at this moment."
"He can't do it." Sam says hoping that was enough for the other to believe him and that he would not need to elaborate further.
"That didn't explain what happened." Dean rose a brow.
Dean glared, trying his best to keep his stance. Albeit uncomfortable, it would be worst if he tried to relax himself. The hooks would pull higher and he did not want to feel his flesh rip. Although listening to this demon was torture in itself - it was giving him a small break of relief. "To torture me further?" He asked.
Dean looked over at Sam, who rubbed the back of his neck as he looked down to the ground. Looking deturbed for now, as he should be. Dean just shook his head and looked back out the window, seeing that black wings yet again but this time flying away. He chuckled to himself, knowing that Castiel was probably spying on them- but forgot that for some reason Dean could always tell he was nearby. "Fine, I'll stay inside of Bobby's fence until we can figure out what the hell is wrong."
"We are here for,  Anna." Uriel commented, looking away from the demon.
Sam sighed, "Look- this girl his highly intuitive. Knows everything. Also if it bugs you so much, we can go talk to a physic? Bobby has a friend named Pamela who knows all sorts of spells to help out with this. We'll see what pulled you out if you don't believe me.
Bobby bursts out laughing, hunching over in his seat form the pure absurdity of what was being told.
Sam bit his inner cheek, hands being shoved into his pockets and his gaze went anywhere besides where Dean was. "Well uh-" He started.
There was a very quiet noise, which caught Dean's attention a lot quicker than it did Alistair's. But when it did, he looked behind him, Castiel stood behind him with Ruby's knife. Alistair smirks and drops Dean down to the floor where he doesn't move. The demon then focuses on the angel, who stabs him in the shoulder with the afore mentioned knife. The injury sparks gold light, flickering inside of the demon but not nearly enough as it should to kill a demon. "Well, almost. Looks like God is on my side today."
Sam and Dean walk around the outside of the church for a moment. They figured that if a woman who was being chased by demons and was hearing angels in her head would go somewhere that they thought would be safe. However, the tricky part was figuring that would be since there were thousands of churches in this populated town. It would be easier if there was anything that made the churches stand out from one another. Thankfully, there was. While they where at Anna's house- checking if she went home- they found a picture of her and her family standing in front of the church, and that was the one they where at currently.
"WHAT THE HELL, DEAN!?"
"Woah, Woah, Woah, where do you think you're going buster brown?" Bobby asked, standing up. His arms folded across his chest which made his vest puff out more than it already was.
"I dunno, pray, summon, something like that." He huffed.
Dean was about to take a step down the stairs, until he felt a warm breeze against his neck... It's standing behind him isn't it? He spun around, gun aimed, but didn't have a chance to use it.
They tasted the same either way, the taste didn't seem to be what Dean needed. Just
Dean shook his head, "Nope, can't think of one."
Dean's body convulsed slightly, his body tense as he clawed at his scalp, his nails becoming bloody. "Son of a bitch!" He spat out, throwing his head back against the carpet.
He didn't even water it down before taking a large swig while shaking his head and rubbing his face with his other hand. The feeling burned in his throat but he didn't care, it'll make him drunk or tipsy soon enough.
Sam huffs and glared at the other, letting out his own scoff that sounded more like a dark laugh mixed with a growl. "No,
"If you're looking for a high five, you ain't fucking getting one." Dean glared as he closed the back of the trunk.
"Yeah, Pamela put her under hypnosis and she was able to remember it all."
"Working a case. Not sure where though."
"I mean..." He said shoving his hands into his pockets. "Hypothetically, if someone was to enter his body, it wouldn't kill him or that someone?"
Dean smirked a small bit and pressed the bare side of the blade against Alistair's skin, the burning of the other's flesh filled the hunter's senses. But it was nothing knew, it may not smell pleasant, but it fueled his mission even more. "I'm here aren't I?"
The younger brother looked hurt by the other's words. "Dean, I didn't bring you back."
. Even if you could slip out of hell and back into your meat suit -"
Castiel was silent for a long moment, but seemed to be listening to someone other than Sam. "In hypothetical terms, it would not."
Dean chuckles and sat down at the table, god he was starving. "Yeah, I know. I should look like a cast member from the thriller video." Another shoulder shrug. "All of my scars are gone, I don't even have my anti-possession tat anymore. But-" He rolled up his other sleeve now, showing the red burnt marks on his wrists, Bobby let out a small
"What!? No, Dean I didn't mean it like that. It's just- not everything seems as black and gray as it used to be..." He said softly.
Sorry it's been awhile, Finals are this upcoming week and the next and I've been studying for those. I'll try to post more soon. Thanks for the support!
." Dean closed his eyes, trying his best to not react. "Believe me, son, I wouldn't lie about this. It's kind of a religious sort of thing with me."
"Does she know which one's are going to break next?"
This obviously didn't seem to calm down the angel. "We are, Dean. There are other battles, other seals. Some we'll win, some we'll lose. This one we lost. Our numbers are not unlimited. Six of my brothers died in the field this week. You think the armies of Heaven should just follow you around? There's a bigger picture here."
"We? As in, you and Ruby?" He said raising a brow, still not fully trusting this heavenly demon before him. She might be able to fuck with Sam and think she's all good, but Dean is not putting all of his eggs into one basket.
Sam just shook his head in annoyance and showed the pieces of the flask. "You're telling me you can read these engravings?" He challenges.
"Yeah, don't be too sure." He said with a glare, his eyes not leaving the demon before him.
"I'm not sure! I came back from a supply run and he said he spoke with Castiel. Next thing I know we are walking here and he could barely stand and then he just collapsed!"
The dream he had merely hours before still lingered in his mind. Also what Sam said about some chick he was helping, talking about angels. It would have been different if Dean had this dream after having spoken with Sam, then he could have excused it, but now? It just felt all odd. It actually made feel really gross. He's never believed in angels. He doesn't even know a lot about angels besides they're feathery asses and have a harp.
His eyes widen as he tried to stand up, but he quickly fell back down, hissing softly as he put a hand to his forehead and took a slow breath. Guess he hadn't gotten his sea legs back quite yet. "A day? There's no fucking way."
He wanted to help Sam walk through it, so they had driven to find a new case where an old man was killed in his own home by being torn apart like some wild animal had broken in, even though the doors where all locked. Dean thought that maybe getting his mind off of it would help. So while investigating, they suspected a ghost but hadn't visit the haunted sight quite yet.
A moment later, Ruby appeared in the door way. "Everything's ready." She stated.
Now it was Bobby's turn to speak, who cocked his gun as he began to speak. This was the first time he had met the angels, but the brothers have told him enough that he knew they were pretty much dick's with wings. "Oh, boo hoo. We got our own things to deal with. Lilith for example."
Now Sam interjected, probably feeling like a third wheel at this point from not being apart of all the questioning. "Anna, when did the voices start? Do you remember?"
The demon tsks and waved her hand. "I will, I will. But god- he feels soooo powerful right now." She takes in a deep breath and releases it slowly. "Hell, he feels like shit- but god I can just imagine what I could do in this body."
Then there was silence. God, how did Dean hate the silence. He never once in his life enjoyed hearing nothing, it made him get all jittery and freaked out. So for now, he just watched.
"Dean..."
He smiled and went into Dean's hospital room and looked at his comatose brother. He was doing the right thing. Well, more of he was doing the wrong thing for the right reason. Sam walked in, but the moment he did he has to duck. "What in the-" He yelled as he looked back and noticed it was a vase that had been thrown at his head.
Sam and Bobby looked to each other, they've been doing that a lot lately. A part of Dean wondered if they had done a spell were they could communicate in this manner without him being able to hear. It wouldn't surprise him if they did. What the fuck was wrong with him? It just made him so fucking angry! They weren't getting anywhere. Yeah he's omitted some things that MIGHT help them out, but he wouldn't dare risk it.
He thought they were being a bit dramatic, he hadn't had a real meal since he came back and has only had a few hours of sleep. Anyone running off of fumes like that would be just as exhausted. Dean took the leftovers and starting eating those as well. It was okay, just cold mash potatoes because Sam didn't want to wait too long.
"So, we shall start today."
Dean gets down the stairs and into the living room where the couch was, it also had a decent view of Bobby's study so he could still be comfortable and listen to the conversations. So, he just plops down on the soda with his feet hanging over the edge as he laid down. Letting out a content sigh.
At some point, his thirst was a little more barrable so Dean started using the water to make a makeshift shower by dumping the water onto his arms, face, and hair to get himself clean. He didn't want to look like a zombie when he finally sees his family again, although a part of him was wondering if he was one.
He’s decidedly grumpy when Cas comes back and wakes him and drains the nice hot water out of the tub. Dean’s too tired to complain so he just scowls while Cas helps him douse off the soap and towel himself dry. He gets him a fresh tee and underwear—at the rate Dean’s going through tees he’s going to have to swing by a laundromat soon—and then Dean falls headfirst back into bed.
But he and Cas aren’t married. Okay, maybe a little bit. But not officially. That’d be dumb anyway. What would they need to get officially married for? And what does is matter anyway what anyone calls them? It’s dumb to fret about this. Dean’s being dumb, again, and he’s going to stop it, right now.
Flustered, Castiel leans his head back against the wall with a thud. “Dean—”
Straightening, Castiel announces that he will have to come back later to decorate cookies after all. Jack promises to put some aside for him, and then Castiel ducks out of the kitchen.
“And here I was thinking we’d have to carry your lazy ass down this mountain after all,” he teases.
His pout falling away, Dean shakes his head mutely and then tugs at Cas until he sits down beside Dean. Then Dean wraps himself around him in a hug and pushes his nose into the crook of his neck with a sigh.
“You know, I tried and I tried and I tried, but you're all just too stupid, too stubborn. Too
Molly shoots him a curious look when she hears him talk, but then seems to take that in stride too, for which Dean is grateful. Jack takes out his notepad and pen to take notes in Dean’s stead while she talks.
"Alright, alright, got it. No Scooby snacks for the gang.”
So Cas went and got the next two items. And then he figured that Dean could just call him when he came out and couldn't find Castiel on his own.
“Cope.”
The expression on Dean's face changes from suspicious to mischievous. His eyes light up and a slow smile spreads on his face. "You d-did?" He asks, his voice soft and a little awed, like he's genuinely touched Castiel did something morally questionable for him.
Still smiling, Sam holds up his hands in mock surrender. “There’s flour in your hair, by the way.”
“Have you seen Jack?”
“Dean, wait—”
After, Dean ushers him right back to bed. Completely ignoring Castiel's protests, he turns on the TV, gives him the remote, and then busies himself with laundry.
"Hate al-l-l-w-w-ways—
“I'd like to feed the sea lions. And try the... Electric Eel.”
“I’m sorry.”
Watching them openly, Castiel is filled with joy for both of them. It must show on his face, because when Jack has returned to his seat and Dean catches Castiel's eyes, he instantly blushes. Turning away quickly, Dean coughs and then stands abruptly, gathering the plates and cutlery and making a beeline for the sink.
Dean huffs out a breath of laughter, unable to keep from smiling.
There are still some sandwiches in the cooler. Dean makes grabby hands for them when Castiel brings them over and then immediately starts munching, his cheeks bulging like a chipmunk’s.
“‘M sor-r-ry.”
"Of course," he answers, his voice hoarse, disgruntled at having been woken. "Give us a moment."
Struggling to hide his disappointment, Dean flounders for a moment. “Okay, um. I’ll come help.” He starts looking for his boots but Cas holds up a hand.
"The Meat Man doesn't need vegetables."
Castiel has come to greatly enjoy watching the show with them, but today he can't really concentrate on it. Drowsy from the long day, Dean has cuddled into his side with his head on Castiel’s shoulder. He smells like sunscreen and fresh air, and his presence at Castiel's side is warm and steady. He was playing absently with the buttons on Castiel’s shirt but then became too sleepy. Now, Castiel’s hand is covering Dean's on his chest, gently stroking the back of it with his thumb while Dean dozes.
Sam shoves Dean's empty plate back to him and digs in happily. Dean only barely stops himself from rolling his eyes,
Dean sniffed and bit his lip hard enough to hurt.
“They are indeed very comfortable,” Cas is saying, hands signing along effortlessly. “I think the only reason Dean got up at all was because he was ‘starving’.” He even does the stupid air quotes.
When Dean throws the rag away, his hands are shaking. He scrubs them in the sink until he notices his nail beds have started bleeding. Then he takes a shower so scalding hot his skin hurts when he puts on clothes again, like a bruise that’s refusing to fade.
They stay like that until Dean’s heart rate settles and he starts to shiver. Cas helps him out of his sweat-soaked tee and into a fresh one, and lets Dean fall into an exhausted slumber against him. When Dean wakes several hours later, his internal clock tells him it’s about noon, and his migraine has gotten bad enough to make him nauseous. He drifts in and out of sleep, and he tries to tell Cas that he doesn’t have to stay cooped up with Dean the entire day, but Cas isn’t having it. He fires up Dean’s laptop and cruises Netflix with Dean curled up beside him, and while he can’t do anything for Dean’s pain except knock him out when it gets too bad, it still helps Dean not to be alone while he suffers through the worst of it.
Dean shrugs. “Somethin’ nice,” he mumbles into Castiel’s shirt, rubbing his cheek against it.
Jack has turned around and is leaning over the front bench, watching them with open amusement. “You weren't kidding about him being a bear. A huggy bear!”
By the time they make it to the kitchen, the others are already halfway through breakfast. Dean only eats a small portion of scrambled eggs but drinks a lot of coffee, which is completely unfair since he only lets Castiel have one mug but forces a PB&J sandwich on him. He still isn't talking, and completely ignores Sam and Eileen flirting across the table in between shooting Dean and Castiel worried looks.
"I'm older than all of you combined," Castiel points out.
“Maybe I can change his mind with the pie…”
Dean flounders.
He decidedly did not like the way they both hesitated. “We’re not sure yet,” Sam finally said. “But… your eyes flashed blue.”
Jack nods, still writing. “What about cold spots? Strange smells?”
Dean shrugs, trying to make it look casual. Putting down the knife, he signs,
Then he starts wheezing with laughter.
His fidgeting and bad mood eventually got so annoying that Cas pushed him to the restrooms.
Jack looks up at him with a smile and a shine to his eyes.
And Cas puts both his elbows back on the table, attention again consumed by playing what looks like Words With Friends, probably with Claire.
Cas shakes his head. "No, I'm sorry. You said you needed more time before you were ready and to give you some space, I should respect that. I forgot for a moment but it won't happen again, I promise."
“I’m so glad we got the last available rooms here,” Eileen is saying while she signs. “The beds are amazing. Much better than what I’m used to.”
but comes out so jumbled it makes Cas chuckle.
a compliment. You’re a family man and I’ve always admired that about you.”
Lifting his head, Castiel looks at Sam pleadingly.
Flabbergasted, Sam looks at the cookie in his hands, then at the other ones on the baking sheet, and then he groans when he realizes what exactly he is holding. "What the fuck, Dean? Ugh, what are you, five?"
“Onl-l-ly if you st-t-tay in he-here.”
Dean tries to hide how the reminder makes him wince, old guilt resurfacing, but Cas notices.
“Dean? Are you alright?”
Castiel tries to give him a reassuring smile. “It’s fine; I just need to rest.”
“Hey Martha, how’re the kids?”
Cas reaches out and gives Dean’s shoulder a gentle squeeze and a rub. Even while he’s let down at Cas rejecting his offer of alone time, he cherishes the touch.
Dean pumped his fist in the air—victory!—and then jumped out of his seat. "Stay there," he instructed Cas, "don't go anywhere. Be right back." With that, he beelined it to the kitchen.
Dean kept his eyes closed. Cas stroked Dean’s back through the blanket with his thumb.
“‘S ok-k-kay. Ma-ma-ma-managable. T-t-turns out m-m-magic a-a-ain’t no ma-a-agic f-f-fix, who’d-d-da th-th-thunk it.” He offers Castiel a wry grin but he’s clearly struggling to speak and the corners of his eyes are pinched with pain.
Dean sniffs and nods, but still keeps his eyes closed. It doesn’t seem to help much—when Cas strokes a thumb just under his eye, Dean can feel the wetness there.
Dean wants to scoff and say no, but the fuzzy feeling in his chest disagrees.
He shoved Sam away and grabbed the syringe out of Cas’s hands, but he wasn’t fast enough. Before he could even get it anywhere near his neck, Sam had taken hold of his arms.
Dean is quiet. Castiel wants to look at him and search his eyes, but he can tell that Dean isn’t ready. “Why are you asking me this?”
"I'm fine, I'm fine. Maybe I've been lying down too long."
"'m not sleepy."
For a while then, nobody mentioned Dean’s stuttery speech, at least not where he could hear, though they did sometimes have to ask him to repeat himself. The flashbacks and nightmares finally let up, but his brain to mouth connection still wasn’t working right.
Cas’s hand away before he’s even realized he’s moved. From one moment to the next, all he can feel is rage
The waves are already washing over their feet when Dean suddenly sucks in a sharp breath and falters, his grip on Castiel tightening. He stops and looks almost panicked for a moment.
Castiel is about to speak up, even though he is not sure how to say this without hurting Jack’s feelings, when he notices Dean watching him. Has he been doing that this entire time and Castiel only now noticed? He frowns at Dean in confusion.
“Can we go to SeaWorld while we're there?” There’s the soft sound of pages turning, like Jack is reading one of his pamphlets.
“Dean knows how much it means to you to celebrate that day. And he’s trying very hard to make up for how he treated—well, you know. He wants to do right by both of you. But the reminder—” Sam blows out a breath and shakes his head. “I didn’t get it at the time, but Cas, if you hadn’t come back, I don’t think Dean would have ever recovered.”
Dean shifts his weight and stares at Cas's chest, trying to find the right words.
Eileen laughs at the queasy look on Sam’s face.
“Yeah, just, uh. Took me b-b-by surprise is all-l-l. I’m not,” he adjust his hands on the wheel, fumbles for the right words. “It d-d-doesn’t bother me. Not really. Just, uh. Didn’t expect him to s-s-say
Not seeming to mind Dean’s clinginess or his quiet, Cas just held him, just let him lean against him and sort himself out.
“—got this, just get him out of here.”
“I just need to rest.” A part of him wants to leave it at that. But Sam is his friend, and in the interest of honesty, he adds, “I hate it when we fight.”
They watch the waves in silence for a while. Jack gets up from the wall once to bring a ball that had rolled over to them back to the two small kids that were playing with it. Their joy briefly brings the smile back to his face, but it quickly fades into sadness again.
“You guys d-d-done?”
After the gorgon smashed Dean’s head into the doorframe and Michael escaped, Dean had at first refused to let Cas heal his head wound. Dean was the one who’d let his guard down, and the painful throbbing in his temples was the least he deserved for that.
Two minutes later, they’re all gathered in the library. Sam and Eileen and Maggie are already dressed and stand alongside Mary, who arrived yesterday to take part in the celebrations they were hoping for. Dean and Jack gather next to each other, still dressed in their pajamas.
“I didn't say there was anything wrong with it.” Sam throws his phone on the bed beside him and starts digging through his bag in a way that tells Dean he isn't looking for anything except a way to end the conversation he started himself.
He's about to get up and start the super fun task of packing his bag when Cas cups his cheek and presses their mouths together. This time when Dean's eyes close it's because of pleasure and relief, and he puts his hand over Cas's hand on his cheek. The angle isn't perfect so Dean tips his head a little more to the side, and then
He’s busy setting up a comfortable little nest for him and Cas inside their beach shelter to lounge in. They’ve got a cooler full of beer and an additional one filled to the brim with snacks. Dean even got Cas to wear a Hawaiin shirt to match his own.
; it never could be, and I promise you here and now that I will never deny you physical affection. I may need some guidance sometimes, but that doesn’t mean I don’t enjoy what we’re doing.”
He’s being stupid, he knows, but just those small actions have Dean calm down again. It feels more private with the door closed, and with both of them sitting down it’s like they’re on more even ground.
Blinking in disorientation, Dean sees that Cas isn't on the bed anymore but is rummaging through the dresser. The blanket has been pulled up to cover Dean's back, but he preferred Cas's hands keeping him warm.
But Castiel is a Winchester, and Winchesters rarely get what they want.
Castiel dreads the answer, but still needs to know, "You said it isn't that bad, but how bad is it?"
“D-d-don’t th-th-think so. C-c-could j-j-just b-be th-this though.” He fumbles a hand out from under the blanket and taps a finger against his temple. “St-t-tuff j-just g-g-gets too m-m-much t-to h-h-handle n-now. Kn-kn-knocks me out.” He shrugs. “Not g-g-gonna l-l-lie, it would-d-d b-be k-k-kinda sc-sc-scary if I w-w-were al-l-lone, b-but. ‘M not.”
He finally falls quiet, his voice having gotten all brittle in the end in a way that immediately kicks Dean’s nurturing instincts into overdrive. Dean holds himself back though, needing a moment to chew on all of that before he answers. Cas doesn’t seem to mind. He’s looking off to the side, absently stroking his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand in way like he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it. It’s soothing, and suddenly Dean’s smiling, shaking his head and huffing out a breath of laughter.
asshole, so he doesn't complain about the pamphlets taking up too much space on Baby's dashboard. He's got lots of other things to complain about anyway. Like how it's too damn hot already, and too bright, and he can't get comfortable. He's still grumbling by the time Sam has guided Baby back onto the highway. He's also taken off his shoes, and his sunglasses, and he fusses and nudges until Cas sighs long-sufferingly and sits up against the opposite door so that Dean can lie between his legs and with his head on Cas's chest.
“Shit, don’t l-l-listen to me, ‘s the w-w-wrong da-da-day to be moro-o-ose.”
They share a moment of companionable silence, and then Sam draws a breath like he's steeling himself and says, “Dean, listen... I'm sorry about earlier. I didn't—”
He presses a kiss into Dean's palm and then closes his eyes and sighs when Dean cups his face. Castiel can feel and hear him moving closer, but instead of going in for a kiss, Dean lets go of his hand and snuggles in for an embrace.
“If I l-l-let myself… I tend to get, y’know. C-c-c-clingy. I didn’t wanna fuck this,” he gestures between them, “up just ‘c-c-cause I want more th-than you’re comfortable w-w-w-with. I sh-should just b-be c-c-content. G-g-grateful.” Squeezing his eyes shut, he rubs his jaw. “A-a-a-a-and I know it’s d-d-dumb, b-but every t-t-time I think you’re g-gonna,” he gestures vaguely, “t-t-touch me, o-o-or k-kiss me, a-a-a-and then you d-d-don’t, it k-kinda hurts.” Making a fist with his free hand, Dean knocks it lightly against his chest to indicate where. His throat is getting tight, which is just so fucking pathetic.
He sucks it up, and keeps his mouth shut. He
"Sorry, I—" His shoulders up at his ears, his body tense all over, Dean licks his lips and fumbles for an excuse but none comes.
Cas's frown deepens. “Spiders,” he repeats. “You hate spiders.”
“Hm.”
Cas offers to come with him on his supply run. When they get into Baby, Cas sinks into the passenger seat with a sigh and runs a hand over her dashboard like he’s missed her. Dean’s face is suddenly very hot and he fumbles the tape he meant to put in the deck.
Cas is silent for a while and Dean waits him out, sensing there’s still something brewing under the surface.
Because it’s apparently tease-Dean hour, Sam gets a glint in his eye and coos at them. “Aww, that’s so fitting! Dean, did you know that an adult capy can eat 6 to 8 pounds of grass per day?”
Like now: Cas coaxing Dean's mouth open, gentle but insistent, one of his hands cupping Dean's cheek while the other is lightly gripping the short strands of hair at the back of his head, keeping him in place.
Fumbling the satchel, he's dropped it into the snow. He picks it up and grumpily dusts the snow off it.
Dean loves them, he truly does, but fuck if they can't be annoying as hell.
After dinner, Sam and Eileen leave to walk along the beach and watch the sunset. Jack follows Dean and Cas to the accessible motel room they share so they can all watch jeopardy together. Halfway through, Dean starts to nod off but somehow manages to wake up and complain every time they lower the volume.
“Kick Sam’s ass,” Dean says and signs. She laughs and nods, and then runs to where Sam and Jack are already wading into the waves.
Completely thrown by the question, Castiel must take a moment too long to answer, because he can feel Dean tense in his arms.
Dean totally didn’t jump about a foot in the air. Nope, not at all.
Dean sighs, and squeezes Cas's hand again, and then leaves to go enjoy their excellent water pressure for a precious five minutes.
He says the last part almost pleadingly, worry clear on his face and in his voice.
“Maybe I could be persuaded,” Cas says, a twinkle of mischief in his eyes, crows-feet deepening, a slow smile tugging at his mouth because he's caught on now to the game they're playing.
He starts moving his hips, just small, rolling motions, and is pleased to feel Cas's dick starting to harden against him, his hold on Dean’s hips tightening.
"Christmas a-a-ain't about Jesus," Dean had said, sounding downright offended by the very idea. "It's ab-b-bout fancy food a-a-and eggnog and movies. And ma-ma-making Scrooge pay."
“Dean—we've got a case, you need to get ready.”
Cas still has that deer caught in the headlights look about him, and judging from how hot his face feels, Dean isn't faring much better. Which is just ridiculous. How can they possibly be shy around each other? Cas sits in Dean's bed all the time when they watch movies or while Dean falls asleep beside him. And still, Dean's heart speeds up stupidly at the thought of sharing a room and a bed with Cas, like he's some virginal 18th century heroine in some hackneyed romance novel. It's more kinds of stupid than Dean can shake a stick at.
When they’re ready to go, Cas takes his hand off Dean’s back and turns to him. “I’ll see you later,” he says, something hesitant in his expression Dean can’t read.
Sam smiles at her and he signs while he greets her, and she does the same, but they don’t touch and there’s a carefully measured distance between the two of them. Dean frowns but doesn’t say anything, filing the information away for later.
Then he straightens, lets go off Dean’s hand, and walks out the door
"What swim lessons?"
together now, and it's been what, two years since he gave Cas that tape?
He swallows his mouthful and grumbles. “You g-guys suck.” Then he demonstratively stuffs his face again.
When he enters the kitchen, Cas is still there but Sam is gone. Dean feels relieved at that, and then guilty about feeling relieved.
His legs covered with the blanket, still in his soft hoodie and all pressed up against Castiel’s side, Dean is so warm.
In the bath, Dean looks around and then nudges Castiel's shoulder with his. "W-w-went all out, huh?" There's a rosy blush on his cheeks, like Castiel filling a tub with hot water and lighting a few scented candles is some hugely luxurious gift to him. Castiel vows to himself to do small things like this more often for Dean from now on.
When he’s wiped the water out of his eyes and is squinting against the sun, his hair sticking to his head uncomfortably, he sees Dean looking at him with amusement.
after a bizarre case with a zombified boyfriend. He’d been very thorough and overall it was much easier than with Sam back in the day, since Jack doesn’t know shame or embarrassment when it comes to this stuff and is blunt to a fault. But it happened before he and Cas became a thing, and was driven mostly by Dean’s worry about Jack’s utter naivety on the subject. He still can’t believe that Sam, at
Sam and Eileen get in the car and Sam guides the Impala off the dilapidated parking lot and towards the road. Jack looks around with a frown.
“Do you want to come with?”
Dean takes out his phone and stares at the dark screen, thumb hovering over the button that will make it light up. What if this is it? What if he’s made Cas so mad he’s broken up with Dean over text? What is Dean going to do then?
Dean arranged his limbs on the gurney, put the belt in his mouth, and then motioned for Sam to hold him down.
th-thing man, it’s too fucking-g-g w-w-weird.”
out loud. It’s so pathetic, he has to resist the urge to bang his head against the steering wheel. Maybe that would knock some sense into him, but he’s treated Baby wrong enough today.
Castiel shakes his head.
While the fence is not particularly high Dean is really not looking forward to climbing it, but to his luck, it turns out there was the as of yet unknown option of Cas taking hold of two of the bars and just
"What's that?" He asks, frowning.
Beside him, Cas rolls his eyes even while he signs to Eileen what Dean said. “You get blood and who knows what else all over your car every other day but now you draw the line at a little sand.”
pickles. Sometimes Castiel eats some just to annoy him.
“I didn’t tell you what it’s about right away because I wasn’t sure if we’d even succeed. But now—” He finds and holds Dean's eyes. “We remade heaven, Dean. With Jack’s help, I was able to completely restructure it. The souls are free now instead of trapped in their memories. I think the next time you’re there,” his voice catches on what that implies, “you will enjoy it a lot more.”
happening. It’s th-the w-w-worst t-t-timing.
Dean scowls at the commanding tone and grumpily gets up and stomps into the bathroom. When he comes back, Cas is still where he left him, and though he seems exasperated at Dean’s—totally justified—grumpiness, he opens his arms and lets Dean settle against him again. Dean hugs his arms around Cas's waist and Cas reaches over and turns off the bedside lamp, enveloping them in darkness.
One kiss becomes two, and all Dean feels is that he’s being loved.
"Can't ta-ta-ta-talk," he says with his mouth full and without looking up, "st-t-tuffin' my face."
Looking between Sam and Eileen, he asks, “What do you think I should do?”
“It’s alright, “ Eileen is saying. “I don’t mind.” She turns to Dean with a genuine, if sad, smile. “Thank you, Dean.”
"Fishin' trip. You're d-d-driving."
Dean gets his shark swim trunks while Cas chooses plain black ones, and he thinks he’s going to be completely content just lying around in the dappled shade with Cas at his side and a couple of colds ones. He’s bubbly and stupid with being in love though, so the moment they find a quiet spot and he gets a good look at the ocean, he hears himself say, “Hey, C-Cas?
Completely at a loss as to what to do with himself, Dean sits down on his bed. It suddenly occurs to him that he didn’t put his boots back on and it makes him feel oddly vulnerable.
The bastard is fast, and it figures out quickly that Sam and Cas are its biggest threats, as they are the ones matching it the most closely in height and strength, respectively. Too busy dodging fangs and a maw filled with needle-sharp teeth, none of them have managed to land any lethal hits by the time it goes for what it figures to be the weakest link.
Eileen mirrors his expression. “I’d like that too. Bunnies are cute!”
As if his body needed the reminder that it's hungry, Dean's stomach growls. Cas gets off the bed and gets Dean's clothes and Dean sits up and glares down at his belly. Goddammit but he liked lying down and being all floppy and zoned out. The motel was fine but he's missed their bed! Their sheets are better and they smell right!
Holding up his hands, Sam has the gall to smile. “Got it”, he says, sounding entirely too unconcerned. “No dying.”
“I’ll have you, no matter what.”
“I believe he has taken the rest of your stash and hidden it somewhere.”
Fuck yes. Their tub is much bigger than even the one in the accessible motel room and there’s nothing better to soothe his body on days like this than relaxing in hot water. Except—
Dean huffs a breath of laughter, unable to keep from smiling.
Cas's hand is on his shoulder, steadying him, and Dean swallows with difficulty.
“Are you okay?”
Dean nods but regards her with worry. He doesn’t have time to think of a way to ask her if she’s really okay because then Sam and Jack are back.
He finds Dean in their room, curled up on Castiel's side of the bed and engaged in an angry staring contest with the wall. The cookie cutters are nowhere to be seen.
Breakfast is just about ready by the time Jack rounds the corner to the kitchen. He gets halfway through a good morning before he jolts to a halt, his smile slipping. He takes in the decorations and the cake and his eyes well up.
In their room, Cas changes into Dean-approved cuddle clothes, which means he wears what Dean is wearing—sweatpants and a hoodie with nice, non-icky texture, thank you very much. He sits down on the bed, leaning against the headboard, and Dean makes himself at home between his legs, back to chest.
Cas's eyes, when Dean meets them, are shining with emotion. It calms something in Dean to see that he’s not the only one deeply affected by this.
Uncomfortable with the praise, Dean tries to laugh it off. “Hey, I’m no Will Hunting but math I can do ok.”
, moment officially ruined.
Eyes shining wetly, Molly rubs a hand over her mouth.
Dean picks at his nails as if his heart isn’t trying to punch itself out of his ribcage, as if he’s calm when actually his voice box aches like he’s been screaming.
“It still hu-hu-hu-hurts.” Dean complains, not even having to try very hard to sound as pathetic as possible. It
Dean's busy kissing along his jaw. "'M eatin' dinner right now," he drawls.
Donna waves off his protest. "Young in spirit, then. Got any more ribs, Dean-o?"
"Already ate 'em." Dean tries to look innocent, but the moment he says it he realizes what a stupid lie it is—they haven't even started eating yet because they were waiting for Cas. If that's not enough, Dean somehow forgot that he's surrounded by tattle-tales.
Sam crouches down next to Dean.
He keeps himself awake until he absolutely can’t keep his eyes open anymore. Then he lies alone in his bed in the dark, and the
So far, Dean’s never had a seizure two times in a row—which, yeah, would be bad. But it hasn’t happened. And even if it did, the sensor would alert Cas anyway. And Cas knows that and he knows that Dean knows he knows.
They stay like that for a while. Finally, Cas says, “Dean, when I heard your prayer… I knew something must have gone terribly wrong for you to be saying goodbye, and I… I was so scared. I didn’t want you to be alone and in pain when it… when it finally happened. And even though I knew you’d go to heaven, I really—I’d really like for you to have many more happy years on Earth first. So I need you to try and be more careful with yourself, Dean.”
Either it’s the sixth of the things or there was another one lurking nearby they didn’t notice. It keeps crowding into him, trying to separate him from the others. The further away he gets from the others, the darker it becomes, and the more advantage the thing gains. Weighing the bastard’s intelligence and speed versus its inexperience and bloodlust, Dean feigns a stumble, goes down on one knee, then rams his knife into its chest when it lunges and cuts upward until he pierces the heart.
Finally, Dean's voice decided to do its job again. "Haven't found a big enough TV yet. But once I do? It's gonna be epic." Sensing an opening, he added, "But you know what? Until then, we can put my TV in here. C'mon."
“Sh-sh-shut up,” Dean says, though he sounds fond. “How a-a-are th-things on your end? Sam sound-d-ded stressed. You guys need me to hij-j-jack some wheels and drive up th-th-there?”
Dean must have turned off his alarm, but they both wake up grumpy anyway. While Dean leaves to take a quick shower, Castiel washes his face and brushes his teeth. They feel fuzzy after he had eaten last night and then not cleaned them after, and that irritates Castiel as well.
Castiel frowns at him. "I get now why Dean says that it's annoying when you're right," he grumbles, and Sam laughs. He pats the bed and then makes to leave. He's already by the door by the time Castiel manages to—temporarily—swallow his irritation and thank him.
“Mermaids don’t exist, Dean. They were based on manatee sightings.”
Dean shakes his head as if trying to clear away his exhaustion induced confusion.
They lapse into silence for a bit, but Castiel gets the feeling that there is more that Sam wants to say. His hands fidget on the wheel—not like Dean, who would drum his fingers on it. Sam slides them over the leather and repositions his grip several times.
Cas gives up trying to move Dean and goes back to stroking a hand over Dean’s back and his hair. “Please talk to me. I don’t… I don’t know what to do, Dean.”
“Can you help me with my math homework? I thought I understood, but then I… didn’t.” Jack glares at the papers like they called him a dummy and stole his lunch money.
Dean only curls himself up tighter in response, and Castiel understands that this is one of those times when it’s important to let Dean hide himself, when everything that could be said would only overwhelm and anger him.
"Why did you come here? You could have just called me."
, man.”
“I see.” Deciding to take mercy, Castiel squeezes Dean’s hand once more and then lets go and starts moving towards the exit. “Come on, I think the others are waiting for us.”
“Dude, are you still not ready?!”
"I actually want to finish my book," Jack says.
In record time, he got a bowl of popcorn ready, and two mugs of hot chocolate. Usually he'd go for beer, but—when Cas had tried hot chocolate the last time he was home, he'd said he'd liked it, and especially the tiny marshmallows Dean had put on top. So maybe the treat would make Cas happy enough he'd forget about the stupid research and stay with Dean.
Eyes shut, Dean shakes his head. He can’t. Cas releases his hand and the sudden loss physically hurts until Cas's hands are suddenly on his face, gently moving him, and then Cas's forehead is resting against Dean’s. “It’s not stupid,” Cas says, quiet and intimate in the scant space between them. “Your feelings could never be stupid, and I’m sorry if I ever made you feel like they were. Okay?”
“C’mon, can’t do math on an empty stomach.”
Cas shakes his head in exasperation, but even in the dimness of the room Dean can see that he looks fond. Dean smiles at him, then winces when the pounding in his temples kicks up a notch. “Ugh, god d-d-d-dammit.” He sits back down at the edge of his bed, squeezing his eyes shut. The mattress dips when Cas sits down beside him. Cas puts a hand between Dean's shoulder blades, and Dean has to stomp down on the urge to curl up in Cas's arms and never leave again.
It’s good to have a family.
Sam pats his back, broad palm rubbing gently. "Think I know what that's like," he says. "I'm really happy for you."
Cas scrunches up his face and Dean’s heart drops all the way down onto the floor. "Not good?"
Noticing Dean is awake, Cas sits down at the edge of the bed, meeting Dean's grumpy scowl with an amused smile.
Sam rolls his eyes, but when he turns his head Dean can see his smile.
Sam leaves, and Castiel looks down at Dean who's still sleeping with his head pillowed on Castiel's chest. He's loath to wake him, but the last time Dean ate something is now almost 24 hours ago. It's not good for him to skip meals, especially with how much stress he's already under.
Dean might never be able to tell him why a simple plush toy—a comfort item—affected him that deeply, why he clearly wanted it and yet wouldn’t let himself have it, but that’s okay. All that matters to Castiel is that he’s discovered something new about Dean, that Dean has
Dean needs a moment to digest that. There’s a part of him that wants to insist that what Cas is talking about is Dean’s job, that it
“We’re almost at that viewpoint area, we can stop there.”
Getting dressed in the morning is hard because after a seizure it takes a long time for him to stop feeling so drained, but Dean manages. Now, he is carefully pouring coffee into his thermos. It’s only five am, but then again Dean went to bed at like nine last night. And the dreams he woke up from—dreams that seemed to have crawled straight out of the old memory hole—made him not want to even try and sleep more.
Maybe he can put some aside for Sammy to give to Eileen the next time they see each other in person, which Dean hopes will be soon. They’re cute together, so sue him. Besides, who wants flowers when they can have cookies, right?
Feeling his face flush, Dean grumbles to himself about how stupid they all are. Why did Jack have to go and imprint on Cas and take after his tendency to just say whatever the fuck he thinks with zero regard to how embarrassing it is.
Sam makes a face. “That bad?”
Cas seems to relax while he mulls that over. “Is it about why you were upset yesterday?”
Dean doesn’t have a problem with dogs as long as they’re friendly, but hearing the angry barking and growling while not
For a second, it looks like Cas is going to answer him, but then a distraught look passes over his face and he turns his head away.
Sam lights up. “Oh yeah? That’s great. He wouldn’t let me.” He hands Castiel the next plate. “And how about you? Looking forward to tomorrow?"
Cas rolls his eyes but he’s smiling. “Fine. We had a witness. It’s official.”
Several months ago when Dean and Cas had their talk, Cas had stayed in Dean’s bed for the first time, holding him the entire night. Dean fell asleep in Cas’s arms, warmed and soothed, and woke up that way too. In the morning, Cas had confessed that he’d been thinking about what Dean had told him the entire night, and that he had an idea about how they could help Dean feel less out of control.
“Something else related to Michael?”
Dean shook his head. Sam sounded shocked, and Dean couldn’t take it. He put a hand over his eyes again, unable to look at either of them. His other hand was still gripping the blanket so tight it hurt, and then suddenly Cas's hand was covering his, holding on to him.
His gift is still hidden in a drawer beside the door. Maybe he should wait until Dean's gotten some rest to give it to him, especially with how strangely Dean had reacted earlier. But then again, they finally have some privacy now, and Castiel would rather not wait too long and risk Dean or Jack finding it by accident tomorrow.
What even the fuck. Their kid is back but he eats hearts now.
When he's scraped together the courage to meet Cas's eyes, Cas is looking at him all warm and maybe a little bit sad, and okay, Dean really wants close now. Wants to hug.
Castiel is starting to suspect that maybe there is some truth to Sam’s claims that Dean (and Jack, for that matter) has Castiel wrapped around his little finger.
Castiel follows her gaze to where the frisbee game is still going strong. Jack has grass stains on his knees and Claire and Kaia are standing closer together than everyone else, exchanging shy glances and smiles.
Five more feet, the shaft widens slightly, and the light hits a pile of something that makes Dean stop dead in his tracks, holding up a hand to stop the others. It’s not debris, and it’s not bones either. It looks like a disgusting mix of everything the bastards couldn’t digest: clothes, hair, finger nails, a few belongings like phones and jewelry.
"Maybe s-s-six hours a-a-all in all."
Dean’s head jerks up. His and Cas's eyes meet. Cas looks like a deer caught in the headlights, and Dean’s pretty sure his face is so red it can be seen from space.
Cas sounds horrified at himself. Dean can’t let him think that way, so he forces himself to leave the shelter of Cas’s body and face him.
Dean can tell Jack’s gratitude is genuine, but he can also see the troubled waters underneath. But Dean hates it when people push him before he’s ready to talk, so he waits the kid out.
Mary and Bobby arrive only a little earlier than Jody and Donna and the girls. When Castiel goes to greet her, Claire hugs him and then teases him that he's gotten even dorkier in her absence.
“D-did... did you just g-give me a
"You've done enough, Dean. Go hug your mother goodbye and then get ready for bed."
Maybe it's something Dean said? But all they did was talk about Jack, because he's still struggling now that he's as good as human.
"Can't I just be having a very good day?"
They figured out fast that trying to get Dean to say more than the very basics of conversation, or get him to talk when he didn’t want to, only made him clam up and space out again. They seemed to think it was a big deal that Dean was talking, and Dean thought that his family overall looked much happier, but his fuzzy mind couldn’t quite puzzle that together with the fact that he was talking again. He didn’t worry about it much, too busy piling his bed with soft blankets and sleeping most of the day away in the nest he’d created for himself. There, he could rest and be safe and just drift uninterrupted in the quiet fog inside his head.
Dean checks his phone while Jack’s in the bathroom. Sam has added photos to all of his contacts so Dean can see who is calling or messaging him. The text thread with a photo of Cas squinting into the camera is blinking with a notification for a new voice message. Dean fishes the headphones he keeps on himself all the time now out of his jeans and plucks them in his phone, then hits play.
Cal nods, "Right. Anyway, thanks again. I'm just gonna—" He motions at his truck, not looking at Dean at all anymore. He gets behind the wheel, gives Dean an awkward thumbs up when the engine starts, and drives off.
Dean grabs Cas's hand on the descent, and even once the trail levels out, neither of them lets go.
“There’s chocolate on your cheek. And your nose.”
He must have closed his eyes at some point, and when he open them again, Cas is still close.  Dean’s hands must have decided to move without asking him first, because they’re buried in Cas's navy suit jacket, holding tight.
Cas says it so matter-of-factly, it should make Dean laugh, not have heat rise to his face and his dick twitch in his boxers. He’s already plumping up and they haven’t even really done anything yet.
mad at him and is saving the explosion for when they’re at home so as to not cause a scene.
Dean offers Sam a drink, but Sam doesn’t even sit down. "I’m beat, I’m just gonna crash." The curve of his back screams defeat as he shuffles out of the kitchen.
Feeling himself flush again and his throat close up, Dean looks down at his lap and brushes imaginary dust off of his thighs.
“Hmm.” Castiel strokes a hand down Dean’s spine, thinking. “Something true?”
Cas rips his blade free, then wipes it clean on the hide-behind’s fur. He’s breathing hard and there’s dust smudged up his pants legs, but that’s it. Everyone else looks a lot more roughened up, though nothing that requires immediate attention. Dean’s leg is bleeding sluggishly where he cut it on a rock going down, the claw marks on his chest burn and his ribs are definitely bruised, but it’s not so bad that he can’t fight, so he decides he’s good to go.
“C-Cas?”
Suddenly, Dean is taken out of the nice, dark place and into a bright and loud place. There’s more people, more voices, and hands that want to do stuff with him. He doesn’t like it! Except then suddenly Sammy is there, and he’s asking Dean to please go along with it, that Dean needs help. Sam looks really pale and scared. Dean doesn’t really understand why, but it makes him stop fighting.
“I’m good,” Dean says quickly, waving his hand dismissively for emphasis. Frantically casting his eyes around, they land on the TV. “C’mon, let’s watch something. We still need to catch you up on Wynonna Earp.”
Being apart from Cas feels wrong. Every time Dean even so much as thinks about inevitably having to leave their little sanctuary in the kitchen, anxiety speeds up his heart and chokes his throat.
His only answer is a muffled grumble.
Somehow, his hands have found their way to Cas's forearms. The solid strength there kicks his desire up a notch, and he has to pause their kiss to moan lowly against Cas's mouth.
Dean totally didn’t blush.
He manages to sneak out of the kitchen with his coffee before anyone can stop him, and then he hides in his room to drink it like some total jackass. He's half convinced Sam is going to come knocking at his door any minute to call him a coward, but it doesn't happen.
On Cas’s face is his
“Sing m-m-me to sl-l-leep again tonight?” Dean pleads, all but fluttering his lashes at Castiel, as if he truly expects to be refused.
Cas hesitates with his answer long enough that Dean knows they’re going to have to rehash this particular argument in the future.
“Alright.” Putting his arms around Dean, he starts stroking one hand slowly up and down Dean’s spine. Pushing his sleep mask over his eyes, Dean somehow manages to plaster himself even closer to him.
resting. You know there's no way to completely ensure he won't have an episode. They just happen. And when they happen, we deal with it. As a
Mollified, Dean settles back against him and sighs contentedly when Cas resumes stroking his hair. He floats on the simple, uncomplicated pleasure of affection until something nags at his mind that he’d been meaning to check on but then wasn’t given the chance to.
“I know, Dean.”
His hair's a mess but he leaves it because by the time he's done with everything else his eyes are watering too bad to fuss with it anyway. It's a relief to shut off the light and go back to the room where the curtains are still keeping out the brunt of the sunlight. He's just finished putting on pants and a fresh tee when there's a knock on the door and a muffled, “Dean?”
Dean grumbles about it but he does get up, blinking dazedly. His chair is parked directly beside the bed and he enters the bathroom. Shortly after, Castiel can hear water running—Dean is likely making use of the tub to rinse off the sunscreen and sweat.
“You asked me to kiss it better, and I did.”
“I had a con-c-c-cussion!”
“Again?!”
Yeah, he’ll try.
Cas huffs a breath of laughter and kisses Dean’s cheek.
Dean’s missed Baby like fuck during the time he was recovering, and being behind her wheel is usually where he feels the most at peace, but now he shifts in his seat in discomfort. His back is complaining about how tense he is and his stomach is grumbling about how little breakfast he fed it. Dean scowls at the road, and then at Sam. Sam is either oblivious or ignoring him, so Dean scowls at the road again. They need to talk, but it's not going to get resolved that easy, and if he starts now, it might mess up the case.
Dean doesn’t look at it. He’s leaning on the desk with a hand over his eyes, every line of his body showing his exhaustion.
ok-k-kay?” He’s so obviously overtired, yet stubbornly determined to take care of everyone. Overcome with affection, Castiel frames Dean’s face in his hands, strokes his thumbs over Dean’s cheeks.
“How?”
“We've arrived.”
Sam lifts his head, looking hopeful. “Uh, no. You gonna make breakfast?”
“Remember what we started making plans for a few days ago?” Sam asks quietly, his tone gentle, obviously trying to nudge Castiel’s thoughts in the right direction.
“That all of it?” He croaked out. “It’s done?”
"It's really good!" Jack chimes in with a big smile. "I'm sure you'll like it."
Confused, Castiel picks up the plushie that Dean seems to have been looking at. It's a koala wearing a hanky. The expression on its face is kind of funny but friendly and its fake fur is very soft.
Everyone else is already in the kitchen when they arrive. Like Dean, Jack is still in his sleep clothes, waving at them with a smile. Sam is preparing coffee while Eileen is getting the mugs. Dean beelines it to the stove and starts fixing up pancakes for everyone.
Castiel starts to make his way over to him but then Dean is there;  wrapping an arm protectively around Jack's back. He's holding the green cooler—they must have caught some fish—and ducks down to ask Jack something. When Jack nods, Dean straightens and starts walking them to the bunker's entrance, Jack almost hiding against him the entire way.
Eileen, bless her, chooses that moment to come back with ice cream for all of them.
"Cas?"
“Oh Dean…” It hurts deeply to hear him sound like that, and Castiel immediately wants to fix it, to have Dean never feel like this again from now on.
It’s not even noon yet, but it’s a four hour drive back to the bunker and they’ve all been up all night. Jack falls asleep first, curled up against the window with his head pillowed on one of the blankets Dean keeps in the car. Eileen soon follows, safely tucked into Sam’s side.
Dean shook his head, looking at Sam with watery eyes. “It’s
He makes it through his nightly routine without looking at himself in the mirror once. The moment he shuts off the light and lies down, though, there's pressure on his chest and in his lungs, and his heart starts racing.
He presses his hand back over his eyes, even the dim lighting of the bedside lamp too much. Castiel can see him swallow convulsively—the pain must be bad enough already that the nausea is also going strong. Sometimes it takes a while to get to this point, other times it overcomes Dean so quickly they barely have time to get everything ready.
Dean glowers at Cas, who is looking far too amused by the situation.
Belatedly, Dean realizes that everyone’s already done with dinner while he still has half a bowl of soup and almost all of his bread left. At some point, he stopped eating his food and just stared at it while he played with his spoon. The soup tasted good but it’s probably cold by now and he doesn’t feel like eating anyway. Sam is collecting their dishes so Dean shoves his bowl towards him.
Dean pushes himself up into a sitting position, blinking dazedly. “‘M awake,” he croaks. “You can come in.”
Dean pouts even while he scoots to the side so Cas can sit with his back against the headboard. “No,” he grouses, “And stop throwing-g-g b-b-big w-w-words around, ‘m too t-t-tired for th-that.”
Castiel is already reaching over to touch Dean’s temple, but Dean shies away with a frown.
The water pressure in the shower is the opposite of memorable, but Dean knew that already and it's enough to wash the sweat off his skin. It doesn't do much for the pain, but nothing really does. Which means Dean's in for a miserable six to twelve hours.
Cas hesitated another moment, but then he sank into the recliner next to Dean with a sigh. "I suppose a few hours won't make much of a difference."
Cas looks puzzled for a moment and then fond, huffing out an amused breath and shaking his head lightly at Dean's antics.
yesterday, it inspired me.” Jack is favoring the chocolate icing and the round, multicolored sprinkles, taking meticulous care how he places them like he’s trying to imitate star clusters and nebulae. When he finishes one cookie, he smiles, content and happy. “I like these sprinkles. They’re like stardust.” He holds them out to Castiel. “You should try them!”
“Just take a breath, Dean,” Sam was saying. “It gets better when you’re calm, c’mon.”
Dean manages a nod, and Castiel leans down and kisses him. Like he didn’t even know himself how much he’s been needing this, Dean sucks in a breath through his nose and leans up into the intimate touch, eyes fluttering shut.
Sam nods without looking at Dean, but the tension he's holding only seems to coil tighter. Dean sighs and moves to sit up against the headboard, arranging the pillows at his back.
“I think so. I helped Dean with his card earlier.”
He’s busy struggling to get his blanket and pillow nest out of the way so he can get up without getting tangled and kissing the floor, but he can
"Was just all a little bit much is all." He fidgets with his hands, shoulders curved over his chest. Briefly, he chances a look up at Cas, and—
Sam interrupts him, sitting down on the bed. "Cas. It's not your fault. Dean's
“You want some company?”
in comfort. Sam and Cas kind of suck at it, and Jack’s their kid, so it’s up to Dean to teach all of them.
choice not to go straight to the bunker. And when you sent me away you didn’t do it out of carelessness or cruelty, you were being
Castiel can feel Sam watching them closely. Dean doesn’t seem to notice, completely focused on every single step. Once he’s sitting, Castiel pushes the wheelchair as closely to the waterline as possible, then helps Dean stand again.
is gone, so. Just gotta get used to it. Right?"
Jack only hesitates a moment before throwing his arms around Dean's neck, holding tight.
He’s holding onto the plate so tightly his fingers hurt, but a few tears escape anyway. They leave burning hot trails down his cheeks, and his chest hurts so bad. Like someone made sure to break every single one of his ribs clean in two, and now the pieces are stabbing into all those hidden, vulnerable places that no one’s supposed to even lightly touch.
“Cas, is he okay?” Suddenly, Sammy was there, hovering over both of them where Cas had sat down at the edge of the bed beside Dean.
In the hallway, Castiel’s already almost at the door to their room when he becomes aware of faint music playing. When he realizes what it is he’s hearing, his determined stride falters and he comes to a complete stop.
With a bitten-off curse, Dean stretches out on his back and forces himself through some breathing exercises to calm down what is definitely
Dean stares back, feeling the tips of his ears heat. It takes him a beat to realize he's supposed to answer. “What?” It comes out almost as a squeak. “I m-mean yeah. Why w-w-wouldn't it be?”
The noise it makes in response sounds eerily like high-pitched human laughter, echoing off of the boulders and the side of the mountain where the shadows are getting longer and deeper by the minute. And then someone—Cas?—
If Castiel hasn't burned down the entire place by then.
ago."
Technically, it's against their agreement for Dean not to immediately tell him when he feels an episode coming, but Castiel doesn't have the heart to be cross with him today for trying to hide the signs.
He’d still been sore all over when Sam and Cas finally admitted that they hadn’t found anything in their research that would explain what happened to Dean. Apparently, Dean was an unprecedented case—which, awesome. Just what they needed. They’d just lost a whole bunch of good people, thanks to Dean no less. Jack had maybe just lost most of his soul to fix it.
Dean drops his gaze and nods. He reaches out and squeezes Cas’s hand where it’s touching his elbow, that little point of contact enough to make him long again. Then Dean lets go, and turns. And he goes to bed alone, and he lies alone on his back and relearns how to breathe around that hollow cave that is his heart.
The reminder does its job and makes Cas huff in amusement, eyes crinkling at the corners and making Dean feel warm inside.
“I’m here, I’m here.”
“Sing-g-g to me.”
There's a hand touching his back and Dean shudders and jerks away. It's an incentive to open his eyes though, and then Sam's concerned face is swimming in his vision. And oh, Dean's close to hyperventilating. That's not good. He should stop that.
“I don’t like plain water, it tastes like spit.”
"Uh, yeah, no, that’s, um." Overwhelmed, Dean stammers and stumbles over his words in a completely mortifying manner until he finally tries to save himself with "You're just easily impressed."
Dean grumbles something that’s not really meant to be intelligible and Cas laughs again.
“L-l-last time I wa-wa-was out bef-f-fore you were even d-d-done.”
"It's okay to need some space. Just don't wait too long to come back, alright?" And then the killing blow. "He's missed you, too."
“‘S-s-sap,” Dean complains weakly, though he’s smiling. He tries to shove at Castiel, but unfortunately—or fortunately—for him, that only results in Castiel remembering the raw and sore state of Dean’s hands.
“C’mon,” he said, grabbing his own mug and the popcorn bowl, “movie’s waiting.”
Moving himself onto the bed, Dean spreads out starfish-style and snuggles into the covers.
When Dean returns with a fresh load of laundry in his arms, he only quirks an eyebrow at the Antiques RoadShow marathon that’s playing, and then immerses himself in household chores again. After putting the laundry away, he leaves their room again only to appear seemingly out of nowhere the moment Castiel tries to get up.
Jack puts the pamphlet back down he'd been studying. Dean can't read what's it saying, but judging from the pictures it's some kind of dinosaur exhibition.
“I’m sure he will, if you ask him.”
“What the fuck,” Sam is saying, staring aghast at the snowman before him. It’s even taller than him, has a stack of papers that say “Files” under its arm and is wearing a frown and frozen lettuce for hair. There’s a nameplate hung around its neck that reads
, for
Dean’s just an asshole that yells at his family when they worry about him. A man that doesn’t let his partner near him and lies to him about the reasons why.
Cas has put Dean’s abalone shell and his koala plushy on the table there, for Dean to decide later where he wants to put them. The flowers Dean got him have been dried and pressed to be put in their photo album later—the private one.
“No. Just a few stray cats and people sleeping on the streets that I didn’t want to disturb or scare.” Cas's tone suggests what he thinks of anyone having to sleep outside and in fear for their safety with so many perfectly functioning houses standing empty, but Dean’s not awake enough to discuss humanity’s failings right now.
“C-c-can I—W-w-wanna t-t-try s-s-som-m-mthing. It’s ok-k-kay if y-y-you d-d-don’t l-l-like it.”
“Not t-t-telling y-you.”
Dean grimaces, because yeah, true, but still.
“‘It’s just m-m-mildly c-c-cursed,’ huh?” Dean’s hands, as they’re guiding Castiel to sit down in the backseat, are gentle. His voice, however, as he parrots Castiel’s words back at him, is scathing. “‘Not gon-n-na do anyth-th-thing to an angel.’ So m-m-much for th-that.”
Castiel did steal the candles, so he thinks it still counts.
Cas strokes a soothing hand through his hair.
Cas huffs in that way he does when something frustrates him and that Dean finds kind of stupidly endearing. It suddenly hits him that they're alone, no kids or annoying brothers in sight, and Cas is close, and his hand is still on Dean's back, warm and broad and heavy. He wouldn't have to slide it up far to like, pet Dean's hair, or cup his neck.
They share a long moment of comfortable quiet before Cas speaks up again.
“The last I saw him he was lounging in a pool chair, updating the archives.” Cas watches him with a soft look in his eyes. “He’s alright, Dean. He seems a look more at peace since you two spoke.”
Dean makes a face, and Cas huffs out a breath of laughter, a lopsided smile on his face.
Dean shrugs. “No big deal.” He shuts the hood and tries to get the grease off of his hands with the already grease-stained rag. It’s not working. He’s going to need soap, he—
“You're n-not mad?” He asks at length.
With a sigh, Dean rolls over and pushes his sleep mask up.
do, and not the ones he can't. Maybe he should take his own advice.
“Got you,” he says.
It was only when Castiel one day came home from an errand earlier than Dean must have anticipated that he found out Dean does play it—but only when he thinks himself alone.
"I'll see you in a few hours."
“I uh.” Dean held up the mini marshmallows with a sheepish grin. “Got snacks?”
“And then… when I kiss you.” Cas closes his eyes, grip on Dean’s hands tightening. “The way it feels, it’s overwhelming. Addictive. It’s nothing I’ve ever felt before and I can’t get enough and sometimes. Sometimes that scares me.” He pauses. “I want you, Dean, I’m just… bad at it.”
Sam chuckles, but then he softens, patting Castiel on the back.
Sam holds up his hands in a placating manner and offers Castiel a small, sad smile. "He's in the infirmary. Not because it's so bad, he just didn't want you to worry."
When he draws back, Cas is watching him, features softened by affection. Dean sighs.
“I thought you wanted help?”
Dean stuffs his mouth fuller in retaliation.
Cas shakes his head in exasperation, but his smile is betraying him. Dean gets all of five seconds to feel smug and then Cas's hand is at the back of his head and guiding him into a sweet if short kiss.
“L-l-like a drunk baby.” Then he bumps his shoulder against Castiel’s and winks at him.
Swallowing heavily, Castiel has to close his eyes for a moment and breathe.
Of course, Dean isn’t done teasing him. “Think we can find a mermaid while we’re at it? Been a while since I’ve had a hot threesome. Mmm.”
Cas rolls his eyes.
Lifting his head off Castiel’s shoulder, Dean offers him a lopsided smirk.
