Cas breathes out hard.
. To have me do anything I want to you.”
“Look at this,” he says, squeezing, “you’re getting hard. You wouldn’t be getting hard if you didn’t like this - you’re going to have to work harder if you’re going to prove that you don’t.”
Anyway.
“What did you do instead?”
“I’m just -” Cas starts and then he seems to hold his breath as Dean rolls away, getting out of bed. He flicks off the light and plods back to bed, where he falls down and buries his nose against Cas’ neck.
There’s a beat of silence. Cas’s mouth twitches.
That’s also happened before, and shame flits straight through Dean at the thought of Cas forcing him to talk.
“We do when some asshole decides to try repeat it!”
“No!” Now Dean’s the one clutching Cas’s hand, as though he can communicate through the strength of his grip. “Why would I? You’re
Dean rolls his eyes. “Dramatic, much?”
, but of the unknown, of what’s going to happen next and if it’s going to hurt or if it’s going to be embarrassing.”
He can’t stop whimpering, groaning.
Dean reaches for him, tucking himself up against Cas side. Cas’ all careful, and slightly tense and that’s not good.
“Not what I meant.”
Castiel decides this is a good time to intervene.
This was normal routine, after any quidditch training or match. Stroll the grounds to check quality of the pitch, gather any lost brooms, lock up the pitch for the night (Merlin knows that doesn’t stop students sneaking in if anything could be said for when
“Someone named John Osbourne. He’s—”
He stops when the girl, hair tied in soft rings of a short ponytail, steps forward. She’s silent for a few moments, stares through him, before she slowly raises a finger. It stops after it lands directly on his face.
had set him to do at home."
Sam writes quicker than anyone Castiel has seen, and he leaves him in silence until Sam places his pen down with a sigh. "Definitely seems like we can have something to argue. You've cared for Jack all his life; Lucifer is still on parole, there's evidence of prior abuse. He probably has some extremely good lawyers he can afford, but we have a lot to use." Sam frowns. "And I'm not terrible, either."
Dean watches Michael, as the implication settles in. “Well, shit.” He says.
.” Charlie giggles. Dean turns away, holding his overladen paper plate of buffet and BBQ food to hold himself away.
Dean slinks onto the platform, where a few of the female students gasp delightfully. He grins at them, and throws his robe in their direction. There’s a small scuffle as they go to grab it, giggles surrounding the garment. Castiel watches him, blankly.
Michael has some words for Castiel.
Dean makes it down one hall before he senses the quick paces of someone behind him, and stubbornly refuses to let himself turn around, no matter how much he was anticipating their arrival.
"Hold on," Castiel notes, rubbing at his brow. He disappears into the kitchen and returns a few moments later, handling a pan and brush. As soon as Jack sees it, he begins to whine.
guy out of the whole House.
Dean stands behind the bench, looking out at the various children rolling in the grass and causing an unending tirade of grass stains that would take the next decade to get out. It could be worse.
Castiel nods, starts scanning the items in front of him.
“No,” he mutters. “So he can see how much I’ve helped screw you up.”
Dean and Jack look up at the new voice coming from the doorway. Castiel stands there, looking between the two of them in slight confusion.
"Well, I can think of many ways
Dean finally turns around, frowning. "Now hold on, we're teachin'
with Jo.
Just what had happened with Dean, and Sam, and
Yeah, I read, you
“You all here? Doesn’t matter, it’ll be your own fault if you were late to star in your own competition.” He motions to the three different tables that are laid out at the front of the Great Hall, with various beakers and ingredients placed on it. “You’ll have noticed that you’ll be doing some potion making.” He looks at Chuck for a moment, then back to them. “But because we have a temperament for the over-dramatic in this bloody school, we’ve given you something of a …stake, to work towards.”
“I don’t see how acting in your orders counts as being an ally, Michael. We’re not fighting for different things, here.”
Chuck eyes the glass almost warily, but doesn’t reach for it. This was by far not the first time he’d been in the Headmaster’s office, but he still spends a few minutes gazing around at all the portraits, mouth open in an awestruck manner. Bobby waits patiently for Chuck to turn his attention back to him; again, this was rather a regular occurrence. Frankly, he found the portraits annoying after a while. Apparently being Headmaster also meant no privacy.
The thought drifts by as his fingers slip to grasp Castiel’s own that Sam might have planned this; planned to get Dean and Cas close through necessity.  With a glance at Cas, whose eyes looked at him with curious promise, Dean couldn’t bring himself to care.
"And what do you want
"Well, hope you're feeling welcome. Name's Dean, by the way." He holds out a hand. The other man hesitates for a second, before reaching and grasping his hand.
Sam presses the button on his keys, unlocking the car beside him. “See you at home.”
aside. “We, uh. We got a policy about people turning up like this. His guardian didn’t give permission for anyone of your description, so…”
As soon as the door closes, Castiel takes a moment to close his eyes, and breathe deeply. They’d planned for this situation. He could handle this. He had to. Squaring his shoulders, Castiel marches into the living room.
“Dean,” Sam says, softer. “Things haven’t changed, have they?”
And tries again.
Fire curls along the rug that follows between them, and Cas feels sick.
need defending from my own family,
Dean slams Chuck against the wall again, not unlike how he'd had to watch Lucifer do to Cas. "You wanted to kill off Sam because he was dangerous, like you killed my mom, and my dad, 'cause he was a marine--"
with kosher?"
They were stood watching Cas, stood at the edge of the radius of rubble that had surrounded him Even if the children had no concept of how to control their magic, they certainly knew how to prevent the magic from hurting themselves. He pants.
Dean huffs out a small laugh, shuffles his feet. "I mean, I would've hoped to say you're my
Cas sighs, and slides his hands in the pockets of his robes. He looks to Dean. “So, did you read the letter?”
“Course I’m free. You know my schedule better than I do.”
“It just felt like the right thing to do, alright?” Sam shrugs. “You know she’s real close with him.”
“--What’s wrong?”
Dean dips his head. "Yeah. Was... good."
Sam shrugs, handing the phone back to Dean. "You're picking him up at seven on Friday."
Dean frantically looks around for something that will help—and grabs the first thing he sees that
Crowley stares at Dean, and pulls out his pocket watch. He raises an eyebrow.
is one of the less appealing looking pit stops and diners in the town, but it just wouldn't be the same if it was renovated. Dean pulls up into his usual parking space. As soon as he steps out the aroma of grease and coffee spills out and hits him from one of the opened windows, and Dean suddenly realises he is
Claire just rolls her eyes, throwing her leg over her broom. Meg folds her arms.
Castiel freezes.
“Oh, uh. Don’t worry about it. Sounds like you got the short end of the stick, having to deal with a brother like that. No offense.” He adds, straightening up. He looks around the corridor. “I was just, uh, headin’ out. You can walk with me if you like.”
He hears the gasp before he sees Castiel, flying towards the snitch, which is flying towards him —
And we're done! Thank you SO much to all who read, and thank you again to kayrosebee for the beautiful art and scene breakers, to MalMuses for betaing, and to all those that gave suggestions or advice about the story these last few months!
“Not really, but they might feel helpless. I think it’ll be important if you do something to help them… not, feel helpless, Dean.”
Eventually, a girl slowly puts her hand up. She looks to her right.
"-- I think someone killed him," Dean blurts out, and he wishes he could stare at himself because
“… I love you, too.”
Dean stares down at his own hands. "I'm the only one of my family you haven't tried to kill." Dean remarks. He hated shitty pretenses, and he'd spent too much time lingering in courthouses. He has no clue how Sammy puts up with it. "Even though I'm the one who was lookin' into stuff. Why?"
Before Dean has chance to answer this man with the gravel voice, he leans down to hook a steady arm around Dean’s shoulders, pulling him up to his feet. He doesn’t let go, and instead leads him off the pitch, and back towards the castle. It takes Dean a few minutes to realise who is carrying him.
He kisses Dean again. Dean presses him close. "I get a feelin' you're reluctant to leave."
.” He warns. “Read it, then come find me. I’m patrolling the Grounds this evening in preparation for tomorrow. Come and find me if you want to discuss it further.”
Dean throws what could only be called a
Castiel can feel Dean's eyebrows raising from the back of the room.
"Cas?" Chuck finally questions. "Castiel?" He chuckles. "He wasn't worth the energy. Never knew ambition if it stared at him right in the face."
Bobby's face falls from one of suspicion to confusion. "What?"
“Yeah, could’ve guessed that one.” Dean says, peeling the envelope from his chest. He sticks his fingernail underneath the skin of it before Cas reaches, hand clamping over Dean’s wrist. Dean pauses.
All thoughts about Cas forgotten, he chases after the snitch as it zooms around the perimeter of the pitch. Somewhere distant, he can hear the announcer’s voice rising in anticipation of his inevitable win…
He had taken Dean to the hospital wing, ignoring his increasingly louder complaints. Once he’d seen that he’d be tended to Castiel had made his leave, if not with some hesitance. Dean wasn’t a student, after all.
Cas is hunched over the small desk in his quarters. He prefers to do any work in the actual classroom, but there is a distinct lack of privacy there, and he wasn't in the mood for being interrupted.
Castiel glances back to where Dean was sitting. Dean grins at him, teeth bared.
Jack leans back with the air of an accomplished marathoner when he finishes, staring down at his handiwork as though by sheer effort of looking his work will be great. Dean shifts the paper round.
"I mean,
"Mr. Winche--Dean?"
Cas stands at the entrance to his living room. He folds his arms, looking at the epicentre with a sigh. "Jack, we can't leave it like this."
"Can't imagine why you may think that." But Cas sighs. He slides his arms around Dean's waist, and leans in for a moment. He takes a breath. "Okay, I'm leaving."
This took 84 years to finish I'm sorry D:
He motions to the doors to the great hall, which open as if on cue. A small entourage enter the hall, all waving at the students as polite applause smatters throughout, growing as the Minister enters, obvious by the small stature and distinct separation from the rest of the group entering. Castiel blinks, in his seat, but stands in order to join the rest of the staff applauding.
“What?”
Castiel says nothing. He marches behind Lucifer as he leaves. Lucifer gives one last look. Castiel doesn’t take his eyes off of him until he sees the car disappear out of sight. He lingers a few more minutes just to be sure, before eventually stepping inside. He locks the door, leans against it, and drops his head in his hands. He lets out a long sigh, tries to ignore the shaking in his hands.
“Oh, I’ll probably have to take the trip back down to London, but being part of the Ministry and part of the Minister’s entourage, apparition is thankfully allowed. So I should be around for most of the events.”
Eileen drops the notes she's looking at, striding towards the hallway. "Sam?" she calls out, but feels no feet walking across upstairs. She walks into the hallway, and gasps.
“Castiel—you need to come home.”
. He now found it hard to sleep anywhere else—any lady's bedroom or motel room he'd ended up in these days he'd found himself tossing and turning most of the night.
“Well that took you the whole of five minutes to break, huh?”
And flying towards him, is Cas—
Castiel nods.
“Yeah.” Dean falls silent, too. “I bet mom would’ve liked her.”
"Cas, you're--"
“Yeah, you know him?”
He looks up, only to realise that Sam is watching him, eyebrow raised. Dean blinks.
“Whatever. You’re both dismissed.”
Dean is bright red, and he doesn't need to look into a mirror to know that. "You--"
He did
More than two dozen Dementors soar through the sky, with one lone girl flying away from them.
Dean looks at Cas. He raises an eyebrow.
Finding himself backed against the wall, Castiel grips his wand in his hand, and squeezes his eyes shut in concentration.
The floor was
“Alright, Ladies and Gentlemen,” A voice calls across the arena. The students and other members are all huddled in makeshift stands, as per the custom for the past two challenges. The three contestants and their mentors are stood on the outskirts of the arena, which is marked in a large circle in the grass on the ground before them. As Headmaster Singer takes to the forefront of the arena, Minister Shurley and Michael appear at the side. Castiel straightens.
“I hope you realise that Cas literally saved my ass that night.”
Despite the new distance, their gaze doesn’t break. Castiel tends to hold serious as a default expression, but here he’s looking downright worried.
“Doesn’t matter, old man.” Sam retorts. “You’ll be asleep either way.”
He halts as he feels something jab in his chest. He looks down to see Cas scowling, wand pressing against his ribcage.
Castiel stares off at one of the distant highways.
him wanted to put a bullet in this man's head, to make him feel a
The chalk long dismissed, the board simply reads ‘Two full pages on the characteristics of Grindylows.’ Naomi spends just enough time staring at the board for Dean to shuffle uneasily in his seat.
"Dean," Cas repeats, and he reaches out, grasping his wrist. Dean finally looks at him. He falls silent.
Cas' expression falls neutral, but the mischief lingers in the creases around his eyes. "I don't have a clue what you're talking about, Winchester."
“The Owlery, actually. I was sending Jess a letter about what happened today. She’s been asking me to keep her updated.”
Cas is stood a few paces away, and there is a bottle of
“That’s one way of summarising it.” Jody surmises, still perched at the end of Dean’s bed. “You passed out not long after Lucifer disappeared.”
have, if I could.”
All the staff members were gathered around in the staff room, looking curiously at each one. One or two of them held grim faces; they seem to know what the news was about.
“There are many ways Dark Wizards and Witches come to power, class.” She starts writing on the board. “Often they have to be a Master Wizard. One cannot afford Justice if one does not know the secrets upon how to avoid it in the first place.”
"Expecto -- Patronum--"
"Yeah, they're tricky little things, those a's. I betcha they won't get away for long from you, though."
"This is almost unfairly in Dean's favour," Jody comments. "At least, that's what Claire kept telling me."
“Assumptions are going to ensure that you don’t get them. Answer my question.”
Jody shakes her head. “That’s not the reason. He told me while he was flying that he’s sure he looked up and saw a Dementor. It freaked him out, he lost his balance with the broom, and that’s why he fell.”
Dean chuckles. “Think she’s already there. We also got a new kid in today."
It's not hard to feel the beginnings of winter crawl in. Dean's practices that morning consisted of foggy mornings and numb hands. The sun has been spending his last practice flickering behind the stadium.
Eileen, anyway?” Dean questions, peering around Sam as though his large form was somehow hiding her away in his shirt or something. Sam shrugs.
All of a sudden, he feels himself dragged away from Cas by the edge of his cape, grass stains marking his boots. He looks up, only to see Jody staring above him. The whole match has stopped.
Dean takes him to a diner.
“Minister Shurley. Here, take a seat.” The seat slides back, of it’s own accord.
winning the custody case, Lucifer isn’t going to just
There is silence, and even Dean can feel the pure
Sam presents photocopies of John's journal, flipping to the back page.
Cas pulls Jack along, who is getting distracted by the various different flowers and plush toys left behind on some of the headstones. Jack was always drawn to the most soggy, depressed looking ones. He'd tug on Castiel's hand because he wanted to take them home to get clean and warm. As a result, Kelly never was given any toys.
” Castiel snarls. Lucifer raises his hands up in mock surrender. They fall silent. Lucifer looks down.
though, Dean, I just wanted to ---”
"He's right," Cas says, sighing deeply, holding in a dry sob. "I'm not his father. I can't keep lying to Jack like this."
"Yes, and we were both disqualified."
"Mhm." Cas acknowledges. Sam’s voice floats by as it dawns on him.
Jack comes to a stop, as though pondering the deepest reaches of the universe. For all Cas knew, he was. "Isn't a date like... like when you...." He covers his hand with his mouth, as though about to say something abhorrent. "When you do kissing?"
Castiel walks in stride beside Michael, and he’s certain Michael is trying to keep him just under his pace. Michael, with some indignation, glances around the pitch, then looks up. Castiel is talking.
“Hey, Jack. Have fun with Aunt Anna?”
“The top drawer in his desk is full of chocolate. He told me not to tell anyone about that, though.”
With a sigh, Castiel drums his fingertips along the top of the counter, before leaning down to push the wastepaper bin along the side of the back of the counter. He’d been kicking it accidentally all day.
Yeah, it definitely made for an
He does not receive an explanation; the defence against the dark arts professor simply nods, pulls back from his chair, and leaves the hall. The quidditch master is left to gaze after him, unsure of what exactly he is planning.
Chuck exhales, shoulders dropping. He tries to smile. “Great, so,” He clasps his hands together. “You’re all going to have to help me, as it’s been a very long time since I was involved in any Public speaking, event organising - and don’t even talk to me about going near to Hogwarts…”
They stand side by side in silence for a few minutes, looking over the lake. The lake surface is still, the moon shimmering at them from the water. Dean wonders when he walked into a poem.
Sam rasps, before curling into the grass, coughing.
Castiel steps forward, jaw clenched; his tone, low. “You’d best leave.”
Dean rolls his eyes.
Castiel had brought Dean up for the view, but Dean knows, right now, there’s nothing else he’d want to look at ever again.
where the door opens. It’s dark inside, and Cas enters. Dean follows with some curiosity, trying not to let his imagination grow a bit too much about what exactly they could be getting up to in a deserted clocktower.
Castiel stands beside him, and Dean silently motions for him to join him. Quietly, Castiel jumps onto the hood, and they sit on the hood of the impala, shoulders pressed together. They quietly look out at the sunset, comfortable silence falling between them.
He and the other body mass tumble onto the living room floor, scrabbling for purchase; it only takes a few moments for Dean's muscle memory to settle on the mass of long limbs and exerted grunts.
Sam nods, hair whipping about his face from the wind. "Shall we head inside?"
"And how do you expect us to be able to do that?" Sam asks, quietly. Crowley shrugs.
They’re wandering around the edges of the Quidditch pitch. Sam is staring with some nostalgia at the seats for the audience in the stands. It wasn’t often that he got to visit Hogwarts, and even less that he got to visit the Quidditch pitch, even with Dean working there.
“Hey, thanks.” He remarks, looking at him slowly. Sam hesitates, and nods.
"Well I would be, if it wasn't so goddamn cold." He mutters, stepping around the clothes to get to the doorway. He looks down at Cas. "Sammy must've hoarded the blankets we have lyin' around, which is dumb because he sweats even in damn snow."
am I your damsel."
"And it is
similar manner with no identity attached to the arsonist — then on the last page written, was his name, in big letters — and circled underneath, another.
"Hey, Bobby. What can I do ya for?"
Professor Novak merely wrinkles his nose in response, and pauses as they approach a bench in one of the long, extensive corridors, one that no student should be wandering down after classes end. He turns, and gently props Dean down on the bench, kneeling in front of him.
"Geeze, your brother is such a --"
Meg stops. She slowly turns, and smiles. She looks up, behind Castiel. Castiel stops. He blinks.
Nothing. He knows that there's going to be nothing. Cursing, he keeps moving, forcing to take a detour and move off course, if only to get them away from the others, and from the students. He can hear screams coming from the crowd. The competition is going to be abandoned soon if something isn't done.
Dean blinks. "Oh. Pretty long time."
“Dude, I’m not the one who’s joined at the hip with him. You sure you guys didn’t have a domestic?”
Dean shakes his head, waving his free hand at him to shush him. “Hey, nah. Don’t worry about it. You’d be amazed how many parents turn up way later and treat this as just daycare.”
close to home for you, Mr Novak, but you cannot exclude one Dark Wizard from what appears to be a clear correlation through all our Wizarding history.”
Before the last brick falls Castiel removes the charm, staggering to his feet as he approaches the children. He has to dig out the boy from under the bricks. There is no movement.
“But what if they come for us, too?” A girl in the back pipes up, her voice wobbling. A few concerned murmurs pass themselves along the classroom. He frowns.
Dean breathes, and tries not to have an existentialist crisis then and there.
“Sure.”
"What? What is it?"
He pulls out his phone.
sheltered. Always forget how much— yeah.” He motions. “But…why’d you leave?”
“Was that a good luck kiss?” Cas asks, a little breathless.
“Fortunately,” he says, seeing the students collectively exhale. “We can provide a safe space for you to develop your skills.”
“Sam and Professor Singer took him out while we were dealing with Lucifer. It appears he’d been under the Imperius curse. I’m unsure just how long but… it’s considerable.”
As they begin cleaning, Cas is rather more effective with his adult motor skills even with Jack's enthusiasm and the brush and pan. Cas still allows him the honour of dumping it into the plastic tub therefore known as Lego Jail.
"No. I... I suppose I like to think of it as choosing to save one life, rather than just having the
was my good luck kiss.”
“Lucifer?” Castiel asks Jack, trying to force down the crack in his voice. Jack seems none the wiser, and nods vigorously.
"You picked these out for Mom, remember? You can put them down."
Just like Azazel had done to Mary, all those years ago. Just like what had happened to John Winchester.
Dean and Cas stand there, watching.
Dean stares at him, hand still hovering over his waistband. Then, he sighs.
Castiel frowns, but shakes his head. “She died in childbirth. It became clear early on that it would be incredibly risky for her, but she always insisted on following through, no matter how many times people told her to get rid of him and save herself. Always said it'd be worth it, no matter what." When Cas looks at Dean, Dean almost loses his breath when he sees the tears in his eyes. “She was right, more than she’d ever know.”
just your lucky day."
"I'm not deaf." Cas presses the end in further. "Because not only do I have to argue my case about my standards of
He's assuming - well, more
?" Dean hisses, not sure he wants the answer.
you. There was a time you remembered that.”
His grin fades as the other team approaches. He cocks his head towards the Gryffindor Captain, Jody.
“Sammy, hey, what's the dilemma?" He grins.
The meeting was called in the middle of the day, during the lunch hour, so some Professors are still holding onto mugs of tea or notes tucked under their arms.
Michael glances at Dean, who has paused, not-so-subtly . "You allowed a mere
“I thought we were
Sam shrugs a little. "Yeah. But he...he kinda struggles to accept he needs lookin' after too, y'know?" Castiel nods. Sam sighs. "Kinda wonder what he'll do once the wedding happens."
He grabs his broom and throws a spare one to Cas, who catches it with one hand. The students erupt into cheers.
Eventually, Dean looks over to Cas; the dipping sun has kissed long shadows across his cheekbones, and the orange hue draws out the particularly deep blue of his irises. In other words:
Dean can feel the glare before he even opens the door, lingering on the other side of the small apartment that they call their home.
Jack jumps in the doorway and runs about his knees. “Oh! Hello Mr. Winchester! I didn’t know you’d be coming too!” Jack careers into the house with the optimism of a child who knows exactly who he’s looking for.  “Claireeeeeeee? Where are youuuuuu?”  His voice disappears, into the house. Jody’s voice calls after him.
His keys hover over the keyhole, lingering in front of the door. He closes his eyes and takes a deep sigh, before pushing the door open.
It's enough for Lucifer to relent his grip, and Castiel grabs his fingers and twists back,
special, or you really flunked it."
"You're the one who caught it, though."
“Then don’t.”
“Where’s Jo?”
The brunette pops out of the door, and smiles widely at Dean.
Castiel tucks his wand away, and his expression softens just a fraction. "I understand your sentiment, Dean. But my family do not. The last members of my family to leave the profession --"
His foot takes one step inside the doorway Gringotts, shaking his hood to remove excess water.
"Why?"
Cas finds himself squinting through the haze of raindrops, awkwardly shuffling his way amongst others both equally wishing the rain knew which way was acceptable to fall, and that spells that altered the ecosystem weren't forbidden or at the very least seen as impolite.
“You’re an Auror.” She states. Castiel nods, eyes flickering to the other child, the boy. He was holding tightly onto the girl’s hand. The younger, shy, child, he can only assume.
Dean watches Cas for a long moment. He turns back to his coffee, staring into the murky brew. “You loved her.” He murmurs, barely a question.
“Anna? Something wrong?”
“Yes. And I see her in Jack, every day.” He murmurs.
Cas joins Dean, hair mussed and robes covered in grass stains. "
They both look over at the unconscious man. A small frown appears on Cas, small wrinkles creasing his forehead.
When Castiel pulls up to the house, Jack practically bursts out of the door in excitement. He barely has time to cut the ignition and open the door before Jack has barrelled into him. It’s an instant salve to the anxiety that had been broiling in his chest on the way over, and he wraps his arms around Jack in a tight, relieved squeeze and smiles down at him before Jack even says a word.
Dean and Charlie look over. Castiel is stood there. Dean and Charlie look at each other. Dean
She passes a worried glance at Dean before wandering off again. To Castiel's surprise, Dean raises a bottle in a toast.
Castiel gives him a blank stare. Dean shakes his head, running a hand through his hair.
They walk through the Ministry in silence. While it was common to watch Michael or any of the arurors walk through corridors, especially after a mission that they’d been on, and to be part of the silence that surrounded them, it was another thing to be the reason for it. It was unnerving, watching people lean over and murmur to each other. Dean’s incident had no doubt already been reported in the Daily Prophet, something Sam often didn’t have time to check until his lunch.
The sky is an entanglement of mess, robes and brooms and players all finding their place in the air. Dean rises up to the middle of the pitch, looking around. They usually staggered the release of the snitch, so it could be some time before it appears. He tilts gently so the side as a Bludger flies by him, not leaving his gaze trained on the the rest of the pitch, slowly scanning it for any sign of the snitch.
“You’re not like Lucifer, so you’re sure as hell don’t need to be like the rest of the family either. Bet you could do whatever you want - you’re really smart, wouldn’t be an issue for you—”
He tackles Lucifer.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jody and Cas watch from the ground, arms folded against the stubborn breeze. Somewhere in the background, an announcer - some 6th year student - is commenting on what is happening. Neither of the teachers aren’t really paying attention, eyes following the small figures in the sky.
Cas nodded.
“Oh,” Cas said. “And you’re sure about this?”
His eyes snapped open. Had one of the vamps come back? But no, he didn’t see anything. The barn looked the same as it had before. Four dead bodies littered the floor, blood spreading in pools around their severed necks.
Sam took a breath, and Dean could picture him closing his eyes for a moment to pull himself together. “Don’t you dare get married without me.”
“No.” Dean wanted to go back to a few years ago, when he could focus all his energy on stopping whatever apocalypse was on the roster for that year and spend exactly zero time thinking about… whatever this was. “Thanks.”
Dean stood there, frozen, as Cas stood up and quietly walked away. He needed to say something, anything, but a lifetime of pushing his feelings down worked against him and it felt impossible. It wasn’t until Cas was halfway to the front door that Dean said “Stay. Please.”
“Happy New Year, Dean,” Cas said.
So what if he was in love with Cas? If he’d been in love with Cas for probably close to a decade without realizing it? It was fine. It was still just Cas, after all. He’d managed to act completely normal for this long, there was no way he’d fuck it all up today.
, that Cas considered them to be married, and that was too much. It was one thing to figure out he’d been in love with Cas the whole time. It was another to know that he had, apparently, been unofficially married to Cas for two months without his knowledge.
“I’m not asking what you expect from me.” Dean picked up the pancake he had just finished cooking and took a bite. “I’m asking, if it was just up to you, is that what you want.”
Cas sighed dramatically.
Dean walked over to the couch where Cas was sitting and took the knitting needles out of his hands. “You can’t be good at everything right away,” he said with a soft smile.
“Do I even need to cite the other apocalypses you’ve stopped?”
“That’s why I like it,” Jack said. “I can see every battle in every war. And I see how it only causes death and destruction. But Star Wars doesn’t work like that. Jar Jar can save the day without being a soldier, and there can truly be peace in the galaxy.”
Dean opened the front door as soon as he saw the truck’s headlights turn off, and as Cas hurried across the yard and the porch, coat pulled tightly around himself and snow settling heavy on his hat, Dean saw a second pair of eyes attached to a black fuzzy head poke out at Cas’s neckline.
Cas went back into the living room and Dean stared into the steam rising from the vegetables he was cooking. He could get through this.
“Yeah,” he said. “Guess so.”
“Charlie.”
If Heaven had seen that, Dean thought, and they saw everything, Castiel was probably regretting pulling him out of hell right about now.
“Not in this storm,” Dean said, glancing out the window. The driveway was covered by now, a uniform layer of white growing by the minute. “You’ll drive off the road before you even get to pavement.”
The first ring was plain silver, one line etched into it in a gentle, wave-like pattern. It didn’t look that much like his dad’s ring, but it was close enough. John Winchester had been dead for fourteen years, but Dean could still remember a silver ring making contact with his face, tearing at the flesh on his cheekbone. He’d known the feeling of that ring driven into his stomach. Hell, it was one of the reasons he’d worn so many rings as a teenager - they weren’t brass knuckles, but they sure gave him an advantage in a fight.
When Cas opened the door, Whisper didn’t make a sound.
As soon as he was out of pancake batter to cook, Dean rushed out of the kitchen, retreating to the chicken coop and goat enclosure for his morning chores. He stayed out there longer than he probably needed to, freezing his nose off in the January wind and letting Bebe slobber on the knee of his jeans in what he was choosing to take as emotional support.
Dean laughed. “‘Tis the season, right?”
“And you’re scared you’re gonna fuck this one up too.”
Dean only opened his eyes when he heard the porch door open and then close behind him. He let out a shaky breath and stared up at the stars, his breath fogging up in the air and disappearing into the night. He was so done for.
“Have you ever kissed anyone?” she’d asked Dean at lunch one day.
Aiden didn’t say anything for just a moment too long. “Okay, man. Seemed like you were, but whatever. Sorry.”
“Of course I love you, Dean,” Cas said, words tilting up into a question, “but I was under the impression you didn’t feel the same way.”
He didn’t see Aiden again after that day. John came back from a hunt three weeks later and packed them up again, and Dean didn’t care at all.
“Am I not allowed to call twice?” Dean asked, joking.
“Yes.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah,” he said quietly.
“Are you okay?” Cas said. His head tipped to the side, and there was something so tender in his voice that Sam almost felt he was intruding.
Dean scratched the top of Bebe’s head and she leaned into his touch. “Hm?”
“You didn’t get hit by another love spell, did you?” Sam asked, only half-joking.
Despite having the ring, which Dean hid in the pocket of one of his lighter flannels, he didn’t propose right away. He might be going about things in the wrong order (marriage before or equalling the confession of feelings), but damn if he wasn’t going to do the proposal right.
“So. Do you want to get married?” he asked again.
Dean was silent for a moment, scratching his fingernail along the seam of his jeans by his knee. It made a quiet sound that was oddly soothing.
“If you get any of those spam calls, please ask them that,” Dean said, still laughing. “Poor bastards’ll never know what hit em.”
He dug his phone out of his pocket and called Cas, heart rate at approximately a million miles per hour and fingers shaking nearly enough to drop the phone before he brought it to his ear.
“It feels wrong to celebrate God when he made you so unhappy,” Cas said, and Dean was floored.
Dean re-entered the living room a good while later, intent on announcing dinner was ready. He was not prepared for what he would find. While he had been cooking, apparently, Mabel had decided that Cas needed to learn how to knit. What this meant was that Cas was surrounded by a tangle of deep green yarn, with two smooth wood knitting needles looking much more out of place in his hands than the angel blades he had been so used to wielding.
Dean grabbed a piece of French toast right out of the pan, almost dropping it when it burned his fingers, and Cas shook his head, putting his pieces on a plate and drowning them in syrup.
“I will see you later,” Cas said somewhat awkwardly. He was always somewhat awkward, and it was always endearing.
When Dean made it back inside, Cas had made French toast, which seemed to be one of the only things he could make and not burn but which he was incredibly good at.
Dean shrugged. He grabbed a glass out of the cabinet and got himself some water out of the sink. “Most people aren’t you.”
“I used to be.”
“Do you mean it?” he almost whispered.
A gust of wind blew through the field, and Dean squinted his eyes against it. “If I got married, would that be... okay with you?”
And suddenly Dean was several feet away from Aiden, shaking his head and shoving his hands in his pockets.
That, Dean thought, was not what he wanted to hear. Because that’s how he felt about Cas, how he’d
And, well, Dean’s not going to argue with that.
“I’ve got some fake ones, if you want.”
“Okay,” Cas said, and picked up his coffee. “Can I have some of those pancakes?”
Dean smiled. That was a win. He’d never had a job before, but it looked like for the first time in his life, he was about to make an honest living.
Cas stood just a little too close and said “Merry Christmas,” and Dean bumped his shoulder and said “You too.”
Dean smiled hesitantly. “No.”
“Do what?”
“Oh.” Charlie said. “Well you are, kinda.”
Sam and Eileen were coming to visit in a week and a half. The ring sat heavy in his pocket. He turned off his phone as Cas emerged from the guest bedroom, cat fur stuck to his pant legs and an exhausted smile on his face.
loves me.”
“I couldn’t let you die,” Cas said, as though that was any kind of an answer.
Whisper the cat let out a very loud purr and yawned, settling herself back into Jack’s lap.
Cas didn’t say anything. The pasta was getting cold on their plates, and Dean wasn’t sure if he’d completely fucked this up.
And that hurt, more than Dean thought it should.
There was another text, sent about five minutes after the first, that was just a string of question marks.
Checking to make sure he still had time before Cas came home, Dean climbed into the newly-emptied Impala and drove to town. There was still a part of him that didn’t want to do this, that said getting a job and settling down just wasn’t for him, but over the last year, that part had gotten a lot quieter.
“I have to have a last name?”
Thankfully, it didn’t come to that.
It didn’t make it okay when Cas betrayed them, when he absorbed the Leviathans and played God.
Cas reached out and pressed his hand over Dean’s heart. Like his hand was some kind of defibrillator that could also stitch up the massive hole in Dean’s back. He smiled, the hint of tears in his eyes, and watched Dean as the color flooded back into him. Something propelled Dean off the knife and forward, almost falling into Cas as he stumbled away from the thing that almost killed him.
“You shoulda seen the other guy,” his father slurred, clarity further hindered by his lip swelling. “Gave that fairy what he deserved.”
A snowstorm hit a few days later. There were snows that came down overnight, light and gentle and made the world look brand new. There were others, the ones that alternated with hail and wind and slammed the world with a frozen brutality that was only beautiful because you could see the other side. This was the third kind, where the snow fell so thick and fast it was more present than the air and where Dean could watch it overtake the grass through his window.
He looked down at the cat, which was snoring loudly and had yet to release its claws from Cas’s shirt. There was something soft in his eyes when he gently ran a hand down its back, smoothing the fur that had pointed every which way after the adventure of being carried inside a winter coat.
And then the doorbell rang.
He and Cas hadn’t had the best relationship over the years. Not with all the betraying and dying and holy wars. And even though that hadn’t made Cas any less important to Dean, hadn’t even begun the process of chiseling him out of Dean’s heart, he’d sort of assumed it had made him less important to Cas. Becoming a demon wasn’t even the worst thing he’d done in the last few years, and that alone should be enough to drive an angel away. Even a fallen angel.
Whisper still didn’t like him, but she’d at least given up hissing in exchange for a plaintive, near-constant meow when Cas had put her into the carrier Dean held. In the thirty minutes she’d been in there, it hadn’t stopped. Dean was starting to regret saying they could keep her.
“You know I don’t expect anything from you, Dean,” Cas said. “I am happy with the way things are.”
At sixteen, Dean had still never had a girlfriend, but he had a friend. Aside from Sammy, Aiden was the first friend Dean had ever had, and Sammy didn’t really count because Dean was more like a parent than a brother to him.
Dean nodded.
“Nah,” Dean said, trying his best not to give away that something was up. “Just wanted to do something nice.”
They stood in a locked room, Billie stalking closer by the second. Cas opened his mouth, sacrificing himself again, as usual, it wasn’t his goddamn
“No,” Dean said, “but I think we can do something about that.”
He called Jack, standing near the woods at the edge of his yard.
“Thank you.”
Dean had shrugged. “Don’t see why not.”
But he was nothing if not a charmer, so he smiled and said “Only good things, I hope?” and Mabel laughed a little raucously and said “Are there bad things?” like it was a joke, and Dean thought he understood why Cas liked her.
Today had been such a long day. With the major life realization on top of the sexuality crisis on top of Cas’s new cat giving birth in the living room, he’d completely forgotten that it was a holiday, and that they’d invited people over. Sam and Eileen weren’t coming for a couple weeks, since they apparently had enough friends that they’d already had plans when Dean called them shortly before Christmas and Eileen couldn’t get the week of the 1st off from work, but Mabel and her husband were here. Dean wasn’t quite sure if Cas had invited them or if Mabel had invited herself, but it didn’t really matter, because they were here and Dean had no food prepared and was still residually freaking out.
“Because I want to, dumbass.”
“Isn’t this supposed to be calming,” Cas said, deadpan. He lifted the snarl of yarn clinging to the needle in his right hand and looked between it, Dean, and Mabel pointedly.
“That was nice,” Becca/Amber/Janie would say. “Do you want to go out again next weekend?”
A noise that sounded like Sam was chopping vegetables on a cutting board started up. “So is it about Cas?”
“That cat hates me,” he said to Cas, who had watched the whole thing from the top of the stairs.
“Well. Uh. Hypothetically. Would it be possible for someone who’s always had, um, straight feelings to suddenly have. Gay feelings.”
Adam the goat walked in circles around Dean when he slipped into their enclosure the next morning, and Patience headbutted his shin hard enough that he almost fell.
“Sure.”
He thought that was Eileen, until the resulting response,
“What’s goin’ on here?” Dean said, raising an eyebrow.
“Would I be calling you if I had?”
Cas’s eyebrows scrunched together like he didn’t understand the question. “You were dying.”
Cas did not. Dean called him when he parked outside the Petco, feigning an annoyance he knew Cas knew he didn’t feel as Cas rattled off the insanely long list of things he needed to buy for the cats. A litter box, several different types of food, scratch pads “so she doesn’t ruin the couch,” and the list went on.
Once the cats were back in their carrier, Dean stepped outside the office. Cas was still inside paying the bill and making Whisper an appointment to be neutered - he could not handle another round of kittens.
Despite his late night, Dean was still up before Cas the next morning. He was making pancakes in the kitchen, a small stack already on a plate beside the stove, and working through what he should say. He’d come up with just about nothing.
“Wh-”
And that’s good, that’s really good, because it means Cas knows this is as much his house as it is Dean’s, and he knows that Dean doesn’t expect anything of him, but then why -
This was the first year Dean didn’t have a Christmas. He did, a little. He called Sam, and Sam didn’t say anything about the holiday but did say he had started studying for the LSAT again. He called Jody and told her to say hi to everyone for him.
“You see that?” John asked Dean. “Making the right damn decision for once.”
“I’ve never heard so many Christmas carols in my life,” Cas said when he came home from his first shift.
“Is it another holiday already?” Cas asked when he entered the kitchen. And… yeah, for someone who had no idea what Dean was planning, that was a pretty good guess.
“Oh. Good,” Dean said. “Good.”
“Got it,” Dean said when he finally got his brain and voice working again. “No Christmas.”
“I am here to visit,” Jack said, ruffling the cat’s fur and smoothing it back down. “I wanted to see you. And your cat.”
“So, Dean,” Mabel said about halfway through the meal, when everyone had started to slow down their food intake and actually enjoy what was left on their plates. “What do you do? Cas is always so vague about things.”
And then Dean launched himself at Cas, pulling him into a hug so tightly it had to hurt, and Sam thought maybe he knew.
“You don’t expect anything from me, yeah. You’ve said.”
“I want to.”
Cas nodded once and moved back to the kitchen. He didn’t sit back down, instead standing behind his chair and leaving his cup of coffee on the table.
“What’s her name?” Jack asked a few minutes into the movie, petting the cat, who purred softly.
He called Charlie as he poked around the goats’ enclosure, checking to make sure their bedding was still clean and dry. He’d already been out here once today, but he couldn’t go back inside just yet.
-Dean and Cas fight over who gets to have Sam for their best man so ultimately there is no best man. Sam makes a speech anyway.
When Cas made no move to put down the knitting, which was looking like slightly less of a tangled mess than it had been the evening before, Dean walked out the front door, closing it behind him. It took twenty minutes to drive into town. Cas would have texted him by then.
Cas’s laughter stopped abruptly. “Dean, if this is about what I said yesterday morning, you know-”
“In a 5-4 ruling, the Supreme Court today upheld anti-sodomy laws,” the news anchor, a blandly forgettable man in an ill-fitting suit, said. “The case of…”
Armed with the knowledge of his trial day at the shop the day after next, Dean figured he was ready. All he had to do now was make the proposal nice. He’d seen enough go down in the chick flicks he not-so-secretly loved that he had some ideas, and he still had a couple hours before Cas would be home. Perfect.
Castiel slides a book across an old, marred desk. A few seconds later he drops some coins into the shopkeeper’s hands.
"Uh, so... uh. How long did you serve for?"
Dean blanches and tries his best to not let his face betray a reaction.  “Yeah? What’d he say?”
Dean grins.
"Hey, looking for the storage container for John Winchester?" He slaps down some ID documents, for good measure.
Castiel’s head doesn’t move. He murmurs, quietly. “… You know I’ll be training to become an Auror, just like the rest of my family.”
“Cas - let - Let the shield go.”
He pulls himself to the edge of the bed, running a hand through his hair as he rolls his shoulders a little, stiff. He looks back up to Dean. “… Did you win?”
brother’. Sam relents.
“You son of a
Castiel nods. "It was meant to put me through school. I served, and once my tour was done I'd be able to go."
“I can see why she’s important to you.”
Jack nods, patting a hand to Cas’ wet forehead. “Yeah! We read a story and then I played with a firetruck and then I did a drawing, which I just done with--”
Castiel finds himself standing outside Jack's bedroom, staring. The sheets had been tossed to one side, mattress covering ruffled at where Jack had clearly grasped to try and stop being pulled away from his bed by some stranger.
“You don’t need to swear your life, Dean.” He says, quiet. His hand reaches up, placing it over Dean’s, thumb wrapped around his wrist. “I’ll watch over you.”
“Why, thank you. So are you.”
Cas was right, he's not his daddy's little soldier. But he knows no other life, and he's finally ready to admit it.
Dean’s fingers hovered over the keyboard before he finally dared to continue
But he still hangs out with Jo a couple of times. Mostly because it's convenient. Because the bar she works at is near his dorm and it's convenient to go grab a drink there when he doesn't have enough money to get pills and pay the cover at a proper party. Mostly because staying at home after finishing his Russian homework depresses the shit out of him. And if he does, he'll most likely end up going to Dean's Facebook profile again, to stare at the smiling picture and cry a little bit more.
But that was later, when it all crashed down.
He picks up his phone again. Still nothing.
"It's Homer, from the Odyssey."
If someone had told Dean Winchester that morning that he was going to spend the night at Castiel Novak’s dorm room, he would have probably passed out. If that someone had also told him that all he would do in there was talk to the guy, he would have been a little disappointed, but he would've thought that made sense.
frustrated mind. Because here he was -the dude he'd been fantasizing about the entire semester, he was right
If this is your way to approach me, I am assuming we are not real-life acquaintances.
But he also knew none of that was true. He was a
He has been for the past two years. Since the Second Time they met. Because Dean had called him using -their mutual friend- Charlie’s phone and asked him to go get a cup of coffee. And the deep voice at the other end of the line surprised Castiel at first, but he still agreed to that coffee.
"Hey, there, Sleeping Beauty!" smiled Dean as he squatted next to the bed to be eye-level with Cas.
“What the hell happened to Dean-o, anyway?”
"Yeah... coming!" he shouted back and, barely unlocking his eyes from Cas' gaze, he reluctantly separated from him to go open the door for his friend.
lol i know about ur lil crush on him
He often did that. Tell himself he'd ignore Dean for a few hours, only to find himself answering a couple of seconds later. He couldn't help it. He was pathetic. He didn't think too much about the fact that Dean also took a couple of seconds to reply.
[Fri. 11:05 p.m.]
weird. And he would have probably blocked the person who started talking to him in such a manner completely out of the blue, even if it was on a dating app. Nevertheless, Castiel hadn’t blocked him. He kept engaging in the conversation and replying to his texts when he could have as well just ghosted him.
more than Dean himself.
“I don't particularly enjoy this kind of places, D. I came here with the sole intent of finding you, and now I have. Let's go.”
"'sup, Dean-o?" came the redhead's voice over the phone.
"Dude," he finally said, clearing his throat again. "Personal space"
“Dude is fluid in Greek and Latin and French and who-knows-what-else and I can barely understand English and that’s not fair.” He says, getting up to take a popcorn out of the bowl and pointing at Jo with it. “It’s not fair because he’s a dick about it. And he’s incredibly hot so he can be all of a dick as he wants and it’d be ok because he’s so good-looking nobody would give a damn about his ‘I’m better than everybody else’ attitude because you know what? It’s true: he is, he’s better than everybody else, and I hate that, and I hate him because it’s not fair!”
"I will come with you." is Castiel's answer.
Castiel tells him about his relationship to Balthazar. About how they met during Castiel’s freshman year. How smart Balthazar was but how seriously he took the whole ‘tortured artist’ thing. How he and Cas spent most of their time at clubs or orgies with people they didn’t even know.  How Cas had feared for his life a couple of times but Balthazar was too high or too selfish to care. How difficult it had been for him to walk away from that life…
I didn't realize I had done that.
They didn't spend long working on the project, just a couple of hours, just enough for Dean to angstly stare at Castiel's stubble, trying to remember how it felt under his fingertips. Just enough time for him to get lost in Cas' oh-so-beautiful blue eyes when he explained the difference between the Panathenaic and the Olympic Games, and fantasize about all the different ways he’d like to make that deep steady voice become uneven. After those two hours (however eternal they may have seemed to Dean) they were finally done and it was Castiel who promised to take care of proof-reading it one last time and printing.
His phone kept buzzing on the table and he pointedly ignored it because he had a lot of work to do for school and he didn't want to think about that right now, he just wanted to watch Doctor Sexy with his friends and relax and forget about everything else for half an hour. So his phone kept making the sound he knew meant people was texting him but he refused to get out of the bed and see who it was.
When Dean woke up that morning, he did so with a huge stupid smile on his face. As he went through the motions of his Saturday morning, he caught himself thinking about a particularly funny text Castiel had sent him the night before or about that smile he gave Dean just as he said goodnight. He felt like a teenage girl on her first crush, and as embarrassing as the thought was, he also didn't feel too bad about it either. D was starting to get to know Cas and Dean liked what he was learning. Turned out, the dude was actually just as smart as he seemed and not that much of an asshole, he was just generally oblivious to other people's preconceived notions and expectations about how things were supposed to be, he was kind of innocent, actually.
You are quite the bad influence on me, D.
He does not get a good night text from Dean that night. And he hates to admit it, but he knows
He glanced over to his friends, to make sure none of them saw what he was doing.
laugh at the fact that Cas’ parents were from Russia, and made insensitive jokes about the USSR and communism.
[Thu. 10:40 p.m.]
He goes to the library every day to stay out of his parent’s house, and at night he entertains himself with shitty slam poetry shows in the Village and whatever cheap weed Gabe can get him. He sees his childhood friends every other night, and does his best to walk everywhere instead of taking the subway. If he’s tired enough when he gets home, he won’t check his phone before falling asleep.
After what seemed like an infinity of bugs were solved and Dean triple-checked that his code was actually running smoothly, he got up, stretched and washed his face in the sink. Damn, that had been intense. When he came back, he saw Castiel sound asleep on the bed with his book laying open over his lap.
"I... I am." he looks directly into Cas' eyes, as drops his jacket and keys to the floor, and takes off his shirt, in one final act of desperation.
"I was flirting, Cas. I was flirting with you, like I always am."
The actual problem, was that Cas forgave him for all of that, and thought –because he honestly thought- that Dean just needed time, that his frat-boy façade would fall down if Cas made sure to spend enough time with him so that Dean would trust him enough to let him see that he not only loved García Lorca as much as Castiel did, but liked Bécquer as well. Or, at least, he’d find it cute that Cas loved it so much, even if he didn’t share his interest on it.
Did they really just have a civilized conversation?
I am actually exercising that ability right now.
“So, Castiel is a jerk” Dean says, sitting beside Charlie in the bed in Jo Harvelle’s dorm room -where they’re all gathered to watch the season finale of Doctor Sexy- without even saying ‘Hi’ first.
Am I doing this correctly?
Dean does the math and...
“Oh my God, you did not just said that” Dean muttered, closing his eyes
The dark haired boy just stood there, in the hallway staring at his door with a small frown on his face and Dean had to wonder how long he'd been there.
“I’ts Castiel!”
"Um, well, I suppose I could use the caffeine, but what about your...?" he vaguely gestured towards Dean's desk, where his computer was running the code he'd been working on all day. "I thought you were busy"
The drugs are for flirting with strangers while sucking on a lollipop to keep his jaw from dislodging. The drugs are for putting Dean's face on every cute boy that grinds at him.
It’s not his fault he passes as a rude, he’s just a newyorker. He's used to not paying attention to other people and expecting them to ignore him as well. All that small-town-charm, chit-chat crap? Not his thing. And it’s really not his fault that Dean is from Kansas and had an apple-pie life until he went to college, and even then his life continued to be just as easy, while Cas’… well, let’s not talk about that because that’s not important.
So is this like a “secret admirer” thing? You have sparked my curiosity, D.
“I… um… Nevermind, I’ll catch up. Sorry for bothering you” Dean buried his face in his textbook and hoped his blush wasn’t showing
The texts resumed that afternoon, however, and kept their regularity from then on. Topics went from Dean trying to educate Castiel on why Led Zeppelin was the greatest band that ever existed, to Castiel explaining to him the intricacies of the Voltaire-Rousseau frenemy situation. Dean thought it was probably just unresolved sexual tension. Castiel laughed and said "probably". Granted, he finished his "Hahaha." with a period, but Dean still counted it is a victory.
Dean chuckles and suddenly he remembers how to breath again.
Dean finds himself wanting to punch the guy almost as often as he wants to shut him up with a kiss because fuck if his knowing all those stuff isn’t hot as fuck, but they don’t really know each other, they haven’t even talked since that one class, and Dean isn’t the one to go around life kissing people he doesn’t know that want him to kiss them –you know, consent, and stuff. So he continues to stare at the boy’s back, frustrated in several ways.
What if his friends were right? What if he had been alone for too long? What if the reason he kept having meaningless one-night stands and developing crushes on impossible assholes was that he had forgotten how to actually be with someone? The thought made him a little bit sad, not that he’d ever said it out loud, but he thought…
That’s what Chuck had asked Jo as they left Dean in the Starbucks table and, Cas cringed at the thought,
He had been fearing that question. Or rather, he had been fearing that it might never come. That Dean didn't care enough about his friendship to ask him to take a class with him again. Because finding each other in the econ class had been a pretty cool coincidence, but the summer was approaching and Cas would need to go back home for three months, and after that... Who knew.
“Wait,” Chuck stopped, a mix of realization and horror in his voice, “was
"Want something to drink?" Dean inquires, pointing at the bar, seizing the opportunity to drink some water. He really needs to sober up quick, or he's going to fuck up big time any minute.
In his defense, he
Jesse smirked “I’ve been trying to get into your pants since you got here, Winchester, and that was hours ago. There has to be a reason why it’s not working, and given you agreed to meet me and we’re completely alone, I’m assuming it’s not your dad scaring the shit out of you. So there must be someone else. And be real, it has to be a guy because no girl can compete with me” he gestured at himself in an over-confident way that gave Dean the first honest laugh he’d had in a while.
"Do I know you?"
Castiel notices the exchange as if it's something happening to someone else, out of body, he thinks it's called. He remarks it as if he's not actually there. Only he is. He's just not
"I was. I shit you not, that crap was hard. But I'm done with the programming, for now at least. I have to leave the AI alone for a while and wait to see if it can learn what I'm trying to teach it. Plus, I need to get out, I've been in here for longer than's healthy. So... coffee?"
"I thought you were..."
"I... Uh." Castiel clears his throat. "I usually sleep like this, is... Um, is that okay?"
He got so caught up in living the moment, in actually doing that
If someone who knows Greek reads this, I'm sorry. i don't know Greek. I just trusted a quote that showed up on my tumblr feed.
“Would you like that?” was the answer Castiel gave him as he took a step forward to reduce the gap between them even further.
[Tue. 10:51 p.m.]
But he wasn’t. So he just stared at Dean’s back and absently turned yet another unread page.
The snow let up the next afternoon, leaving the yard and driveway covered in nearly a foot and a half of snow. It was already dark, so Dean didn’t shovel the driveway and Cas called out of work on the grounds that he physically couldn’t drive there. The chickens were huddled in their hut and the goats in theirs, sheltered from the snow but not going anywhere. Inside their house, it was warm. Dean made a stew because ‘it’s a soup kind of day’ and Cas attempted to make biscuits, which came out somehow both doughy and burnt but which they both ate anyway.
“It’s been a long time,” Cas said. “How are you?”
That knowledge didn’t make it hurt less when Lucifer snapped his fingers and Cas exploded in a shower of blood and flesh.
“That was mostly Jack.”
Dean had never held down a steady, non-hunting job in his life, so he wasn’t too sure about that. “If this is some kinda ‘earn your keep’ thing or whatever, you don’t have to.”
felt about Cas, and if Sam had said anything different maybe he would have been able to get that persistent itch out of the back of his head, the one that said ‘You love him too.’
-Jack is the flower boy.
Dean sighed for dramatic effect. “Fine. Lemme do this right.” He got out of his chair and dropped down on one knee - which he was really too old to be doing, his knee complained as soon as it made contact with the floor. With a little difficulty, he dug the ring out of his pocket. “Cas, d’you want to get married?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I know that, Dean.”
“Look at me. No, for real, look at me or so help me, I will throw that drink in your eyes--Good. Thank you,” Crowley sneers at him. “You’re a dick and an idiot, Winchester, and a coward.”
“I forgot my phone at home, and then I didn’t come home on time.”
Cas hums, sipping his beer, but he doesn’t turn from the TV, which is showing a close up of something that buzzes. Probably more bees then, Dean decides. Goddamn Cas and his goddamn bees. He closes his eyes, leaning back and sighing.
P A T H E T I C
He sits down on the love-seat, about a foot from Dean, and waits. First, nothing happens. He’s just starting to reconsider when Dean twitches, turning his head towards him, an arm slung up on the seat reaching for his hand. Dean’s eyes are narrow slits and his face is so wet, Castiel can’t tell if he’s still crying, but he lays his hand over Dean’s and strokes his knuckles gently, still waiting. Some minutes later, Dean shifts a little closer, and tentatively, Castiel brushes his hair back from his damp forehead.
“It doesn’t make your cock go down,” Cas murmurs. “I think you like that. Do you?”
Going to the bathroom requires sitting down. Putting on the briefs that have magically reappeared in his drawer is interesting since the cage lifts his package slightly forward and it feels like the entire world will know.
On feet that are half-numb, half-pins and needles, Dean stumbles towards the bedroom, collapsing on the bed as soon as he gets there. Cas gestures for him to scoot up it and lean against the pillows, and Dean does. His heart is beating hard, because this isn’t something they usually do. Outside of this, Cas will blow him and give him torturously long, slow handjobs, but during playtime, he never touches Dean’s cock unless it’s for more pain.
Dean tucks his head in below Cas’s chin.
Dean nods, his tongue feels swollen and his skin prickles. Cas pulls him in again after he stands, cradling his head in large firm hands as he kisses slow and deep that just reignites the embers in Dean’s stomach.
“Hmm.” The grip slackens.
Cas tugs his briefs further down, then closes a hand around Dean’s cock.
Fucking tequila. He’s never touching it again.
Dean’s cheeks are aflame and shame burns hot in his chest, even as Cas’s hand on his cock sends pleasure coursing through him.
“Oh, shove it, Crowley,” Dean replies.
“Cas, please,” Dean begs. “Please understand.”
“No! You weren’t!” Cas barks.
“Yes, pet.” Cas says slowly. “I think I will.”
“I dream about you keeping me in a cage in the dark for weeks, only pulling me out when you want to fuck me. Maybe in a box beneath the bed, so that I can actually be your fuck toy, and Cas, if you don’t get your cock in me soon, I’m actually going to die.”
Cas groans loudly as he comes, fingers digging into Dean’s muscles, making Dean tense and flinch from the pain.
There’s a slight pause, then cold wood touches flaming skin.
“You have,” Dean says, smiling.
2020 was *waves hand* that and words didn't happen. Sorry about that.
“Or!” Dean blurts. “I can discipline it for you!”
“I think not,” Cas answers. “You need the incentive to stay still.”
“No? It’s not?”
The thing about that spoon is that it really fucking hurts. Badly. Why he picked it, Dean’s go no idea, but he’s definitely regretting it by now.
He stays on his toes as Castiel takes the other book as well, and then Castiel taps his heels, forcing Dean down on them again. It moves further in, probably another inch. The pressure against his prostate is constant and intense, and Dean chokes a little, something that sounds like a small sob.
Cas leans close and Dean shies away, but Cas’s hand grips his jaw and forces him to look up.
“Please, Daddy,” he begs.
It doesn’t take long before Dean’s feet fall asleep and the pain makes him wriggle a little, shifting on his knees. He can’t tell if that makes it better or worse, but he gets a warning hand on the back of his neck and settles… for a while. He would doze, but kneeling and leaning forward for this long is difficult, and soon he wriggles a little again. The hand on his neck moves over to his ear and pinches it hard, making him jerk and yelp around Cas’s cock, which is now definitely taking note of the proceedings.
for all the world to see.
“I thought we agreed you don’t pick the implements,” Cas says.
“Halfway now,” Castiel grates in his ear. “You’re so good, it’s amazing. It’s spreading you so open, isn’t it?”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Dean says.
“One now, one later,” Dean says without thinking. “Please.”
“Why don’t you tell me about it?” Cas says, crossing his legs and folding his hands into his lap, entirely unaffected.
He straightens.
He shakes his head again.
Dean snaps one hand, then both, and Castiel nods.
“And because of that, you thought I was leaving you?”
When Cas seems to be breathing more or less regularly, Dean shifts a little. Cas clings tighter.
“Booze and girls, and you called me easy, once. I was.” Dean laughs, hollow. “Ain’t nobody gonna care if I come or go, right? Might as well make the moment last. So, I had that whiskey, because I thought,” his eyes brim with tears again, “I thought, that this was it. I had my run, got the guy, the house, the… everything. Figured we’d talk, but I was asking too much.”
“Whatever,” Dean grunts, and holy crap, his cheek is going to be sore later.
Dean shrugs, looking down at his empty plate. “I did my research before our second appointment. You know, all the stuff Dad would’ve done.”
That all sounds great, but for now, all he needs is Cas.
“A punishment,” Dean forces out.
“Look at you. Crying on my floor, head down, ass up. This is all you're good for, isn't it, boy?"
“Shh, it’s okay now, sweetheart. I’ve got you,” Cas murmurs, fingers combing through Dean’s sweaty hair.
So it goes, for each item of clothing. When Dean finally brings both socks from the bathroom, Cas makes Dean return to put one sock back on the floor, before individually telling him the reason for them.
“Maybe they’d wanna suck it?” Cas suggests and Dean’s hips move of their own, gently thrusting forward. “Maybe you could find some nice girl to sit on it. You’d have to stay hard, put in a good effort to make her come.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Beautiful,” Cas says, and kisses him, before pulling the cloth bag over Dean’s head.
Two boys, one ship, around the Cape
He nods again, desperate, fucking himself between the fingers in his ass and the fingers in his mouth.
He gets the plague a few days later, which isn’t any kind of cute or sexy. Cas tries feeding him chicken soup from a can, and Dean agrees the soup is a lie. He makes Cas thaw the tomato rice soup from the freezer, then passes the fuck out.
There’s
“‘M not giving you shit.”
and punched me. Took me a while to get it back together so I could drive home, it’s been a while since I was in a brawl. Dude packed a punch.”
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean chokes out, then repeats loudly. “Yes, Daddy! This is all I'm good for, Daddy.”
“We gonna sit here or move onto the bed?”
Dean shakes his head. “You should keep me like a human fleshlight,” he says. “Use me every time you want to get off. Keep my ass stretched and lubed so you can slide straight in. Keep me in a cage the rest of the time, desperate for you. Maybe you should lock my cock away, make sure I don’t get anything out of it.”
Now, grab a hold, because this is gonna be one hell of a ride.
“Make me,” Dean bit out.
Some time later, once the sun is peeking through the trees at the edge of the property, a giant mop of hair sits down next to him on the porch step.
“Dean…”
Cas nods firmly. “That risk is unacceptable, and taking it is inexcusable.”
Cas catches him with the small Snickers bar Dean snuck into the cart, but didn’t manage to stop the cashier from sending off with the rest of the groceries. Dean pays, as Cas stares straight at him, eyes cold. Dean drives home, they unpack the groceries, then Cas spins him over the kitchen counter and smashes his face into it.
“So good,” Cas says. “Look at you. Letting me see you like this. Come on,” Cas presses closer. “You can come whenever you want.”
Sobbing, he pulls himself up onto his knees, locking eyes with Cas. A minute passes. Dean screams when the shock hits, shooting through him like fire. He falls, fingers scrabbling over dirt as he tries working through it.
“Did you drive home?” he growls.
Dean forces himself to move across the lawn, forces his feet to lift up to the patio stairs and inside. Thankfully, they’re only having sandwiches for lunch and Cas doesn’t actually shock him while he’s holding a knife, because Cas is sane like that, but weak zapps still send Dean’s hands skittering and jerking as he tries to put lettuce and tomatoes on Cas’s sandwich.
Zapp.
“Perfect,” Cas mutters, and steps away. “On your feet now.”
“But, what if I hurt you for real?” he'd whispered into Dean's hair one night. “What if I'm too much?”
Cas’s hand is on his forehead and Dean leans into it. “Ready to talk?”
(See the end of the chapter for
front door, and tosses his keys on the dresser next to it. As though this is any other day of the week. As if Dean hasn’t been sat on the couch
Cas steps away and Dean wants to follow, wants to keep begging. He freezes when the cane taps at the back of his thighs.
what are these idiots doing?? i just wanted to write some hardcore smut and they're feelsing all over the place
He’s barely tasted it before a high schooler bumps his elbow, jostling his drink.
That’s when Dean truly breaks.
“Tomorrow,” he says with finality. “I’ll still be here tomorrow.”
“Pathetic,” Cas mutters, then a shoe nudges in under Dean's chin. “Get this clean too.”
Damn Cas. Dean knows he’s blushing bright red all the way down his chest, even though he’s refusing to look down to confirm.
“Bedroom. Undress.”
. I want you to control everything. Most of everything. I’m not gonna be a ballet dancer anytime soon, Cas, but like. What I eat, what I’m wearing, when and if I have sex, how I fuck, who I fuck. I want to please you. I want to brat and fight you and have you hurt me until I scream and then fuck me and use me, and make me free.”
Unless.
run to the driveway when he hears Cas’s car, but it’s damn close. He does practically drag Cas out of the driver’s seat only to manhandle him into a hug. Cas doesn’t need much manhandling. Dean tucks in close, nose against Cas’s neck, pressing in just enough to feel Cas’s heartbeat.
“Look at me.”
There’s a wet kiss to the tip of his cock and then Cas blows on him, but before he has a chance to do more than choke on a breath, Cas nose is against his pubic hair and it’s hot hot wet. He does buck then, jerking involuntarily upward, and Cas chokes, pulling off slightly. Dean tries to smile apologetically, reaching down to pet both hands through Cas’ hair. That’s actually a good idea, he keeps them there, stroking Cas jaw, burying them in his hair.
Mutely, Cas nods.
Cas looks up.
Cas bends close to his ear. “Greedy boy.”
“Now, I’m going to suck your cock anway, and it’s going to hurt, but the only one you’ve got to blame is yourself, do you understand that?”
“Tell me why you shouldn’t have driven yesterday?”
a low buzz below his skin. Cas’s hair is as dishevelled as usual, the blue tie crooked and his suit rumpled.
Dean runs. Or well, it’s probably more like a slightly-more-bowlegged-than-usual very fast paced waddle. The thick steel band and electric shock collar attachment with steel prongs digging into his taint between his thighs doesn’t really work for a real run.
“You wouldn’t happen to be CowboyBoots67?”
“Because sometimes I act like a bratty child,” Dean mutters.
Cas checks on him twice, but it’s not until Dean’s knees are sore and his feet have long since gone numb, that he’s allowed to crawl out of there. A wet cloth wipes the dried come off his face, and then Cas pulls him up on the bed, and manhandles him into a hug.
“Shh,” Castiel whispers, “it’s alright, I’ve got you.”
“Why do you let me do this to you?” Cas asks, as he strips Dean of his jeans and palms the green-yellow bruises.
“Yes, sir.”
“Go,” Dean says, though his heart hurts.
He finds Cas in the garden, on his knees next to their lavender, yanking weeds from between the plants.
“Mmh,” Dean grunts, leaning back and looking up at Cas. From this angle, Cas towers over him, and the thought settles in Dean’s stomach like glowing embers. Cas leans down and gives him a chaste kiss and when he pulls back, Dean makes this tiny sound that is totally not a whine. It prompts another peck before Cas pulls back, leaning his hip against the back of the sofa.
Dean turns, finding Cas right behind him, pressing his back.
They don’t stay long after that. Licensed marriage therapist Richard Roman? Nope. No.
. He slams the car door far harder than necessary. Cas takes him into the changing room, where Dean nips into the bathroom to change because there’s a steel cage between his legs and he’d like to not show it to every Dick, Harry and … whatever hipster names kids have these days. Pulling his pants off, he pauses for a minute, staring at said cage. Because, uh, this isn’t the only thing he’s required to wear these days.
Dinner is eaten, Dean finds a beer, Cas waters the garden. The evening sunshine makes the shadows long, but the air is still warm. Dean closes his eyes for a moment, breathing in the scent of dust and grass, mind blissfully soft and blank.
That’s one bruise Dean wears with pride.
Dean nods, movements big and sloppy. “Yeah.”
“Demon.”
A minute passes before Dean manages to squeeze words past the lump in his throat. “I hurt you.”
Tears start streaming down Dean’s face as he reaches back and holds himself open, face smashed into the sheets and his hole on display.
“Not a single bruise. Well. I’ll fix that too.” Cas pats this ass with a leather paddle.
Even if Cas isn't much of a talker
“Such begging. Do you know who begs for cock like this?”
Cas smiles softly and rubs his nose against Dean’s own. “I love you too, baby.”
“Do?” Dean echoes dumbly.
“Dirty,” Cas says, voice as cold as the ice he shoved into Dean earlier. “Dirty and desperate. Look at you, I could put on a damn show, just you desperately trying to get off, anyway you can. Are you going to come, hmm?”
Distantly, he’s still aware he’s in a corner and awaiting punishment, but it doesn’t stop the hazy-soft feel of subspace from wrapping a blanket around him, holding him close, as the idea of being owned settles inside him. Cas accepted. Finally.
That’s okay. Dean’s head swims with the persistent thrusting, the way Cas’s thick cock forces his mouth open and jams his airways when he bottoms out. By the time Cas shoves as far in as he can go and grunts, Dean is floating on a cloud and the hot-bitter come in his mouth is the best of rewards.
“Have you now?”
“No,” he breathes.
,” Castiel hisses, and Dean does it again, and again, and then Castiel is pushing him down, down, down and coming. Dean can’t breathe, but he just hangs there with his nose smashed into Castiel’s skin, content and breathless, because it’s okay, Castiel’s got him.
“Why do I punish you?”
“Oh, pet,” is all Cas says, and hugs him closer.
“Dean,” Cas says softly. “I’m only telling you because I care. I… of course you can stay.”
Dean shakes his head again.
“Stay in position,” Cas says, and Dean’s cock twitches valiantly at the way his eyes gleam with pleasure.
Dean manages a pathetic nod. He belongs here. Cas grinds himself into Dean’s face, smearing tears and snot everywhere and Dean wants him so bad, wants him in his mouth, in his throat, wants to be speared on Cas’s cock in any way possible. When Cas pulls him away, he opens his mouth and stretches his tongue out, trying to beg with his entire body.
Dean shudders. The wind blows cool November air over the small wet patch on his panties.
Dean lays there shivering, while Cas wipes him down again, gathers him close and turns the lights off. They can nap before dinner, Dean thinks, as shudders continue to wreck through him. It’s okay. Cas’s got him. Later, Dean will grump about the state of his ass and Cas will feed him spring rolls and stare adoringly at him, and if he’s really lucky, Cas will fuck him again tomorrow morning so that Dean can feel himself leaking all day at work.
Unless this is when Cas leaves him.
There was Castiel tongue in his mouth again, fingers twisting Dean’s hair again, the press of Castiel shirt against his sore back. Dean grunted into Castiel’s mouth, then Castiel yanked back and they were at it again. The blows sped up, still too unpredictable for Dean to sink into the feeling - not that he would, no, this he needed to feel, every inch of pain. He tensed his back, looking for that rage again, forgetting where he’d put it. He hauled it back, let it fill him, let that darkness and foulness cover every inch of him, as the blows rained down on his back, thudding, thudding, thudding, in fire and fire and more fire, driving him further and further up, and then Castiel hit his ass again and again and again and Dean rocked up on his toes, gasping for breath, and there was another blow and another and he blinked against the sweat running down his face, but there was another blow and he tried to draw in more breath, because he would not break, he wouldn’t, only for another blow to have him gasping again and again and his chest was so full and he couldn’t even stop the roar that tore through him, leaving him slack and panting, hanging off the restraints as Castiel hit again and again and again.
. He’s asking to be
Dean presses the pad of one finger inside himself and sobs around the fingers in his mouth. It’s too much. It’s not enough. The spit is drying already, and it’s slightly too rough. He pulls the fingers he’s been sucking on out of his mouth.
“I withheld information from you, Daddy, ‘n I shouldn’t, ‘cause you love me and worry about me,” Dean squeezes out between sobs. “I won’t do it again! I won’t, m’sorry!”
Cas presses kisses against Dean’s chest, when Dean remembers he has hands. That undershirt is so much in the way, he needs more of Cas’ skin, so he slides his hands back in below it (when did they end up fisted in the covers?). The feel of Cas’ back under his palms is hot and he needs more. He pulls Cas’ head up from where he’s been kissing Dean’s chest, and kisses him deeply, tugging at the undershirt.
Dean scrambles up on his feet, ducks out into the kitchen where he finds a utility knife in a drawer. Some part of him is distantly aware that he looks like an idiot; an adult man slipping into his own backyard with red rimmed eyes, padding naked across the lawn until he gets to the hazel in the corner. He finds an appropriate switch, cuts it off, and strips it of leaves as he hurries back.
This chapter is for
He thinks about Cas coming home and calling up the stairs for him, even though he would have seen the empty spot where the Impala should have been. He thinks of Cas reaching for his phone, frowning at the lack of messages. He thinks of Cas dialling Dean’s number, and hearing Dean’s phone go off in the kitchen where he’d forgotten it this morning.
Dean stares at him some more, slowly shaking his head.
“A real fucking good one,” Dean agrees angrily, crossing his arms and leaning back.
“Reheat something for us? I’m just going to pop in the shower real quick.”
The awful, terrible truth is that Cas is right. This is where he feels at peace, this is where he feels the most loved. He hates it, hates that he loves this, needs this, is so, so grateful to Cas for seeing him and understanding him.
He taps the inside of Dean’s left knee with the spatula and Dean seizes, trying to pull his knees up, rocking backwards and putting his entire weight on the plug. A bit of piss dribbles out of his soft cock, which only makes him sob.
“Daddy,” he says weakly.
“Yep,” Dean repeats, smugly, and sips his coffee.
“Would you let me put an apple in your ass?”
It takes a moment for them to sort out how Cas wants him to sit, made difficult by the need to be as silent as possible, but eventually Dean’s sitting with his legs splayed, butt and heels on the floor, knees bent, shoulders and knuckles pressing against the wall. Damn Cas and his fucking stress positions.
“Come on, up you go. Bend over, hands on the bed.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll stretch you good first.”
“Uh. No?”
Cas, like a nerd, takes it literally and Dean fondly rolls his eyes.
His tears have almost stopped by the time Cas comes back, slacks and shirt exchanged for soft pants and one of Dean’s t-shirts. As soon as Dean sees him, he reaches out with one trembling hand. It’s barely a twitch against the floor, but it makes Cas come crashing down next to him. Then he’s in Cas’s lap, face buried against his neck, and Cas is rubbing soft hands over his back.
“No.”
“How about you beg me for it.”
“Yellow,” he gasps out, and Cas visibly startles, pulling back, pulling out.
“Why would I?”
“Want to hurt me forever?”
“Saw him, talked to him, bought him a drink, and left.”
Dean shrugs, trying to not look as impatient as he feels. “‘S’was good. Bobby got in a pile of shit that probably missed the last thirty oil changes or something, based on how clogged everything was. Guy driving it was this huge redneck, had no idea why his car wouldn’t start, just spent twenty minutes cursing at Bobby about it.”
“Maybe. Are you going to be good?”
They don’t talk about it over dinner.
The chocolate is so good.
“I don’t think you’re a toy,” Cas says. “You’re too loud to be a toy, too greedy. You think too much about yourself, Dean.”
“What’s this?” Cas asks, muting a Tide commercial.
Dean pulls his fingers out as he scrambles up and around, heedless of moving the bed, turns his ass towards Cas and tilts his hips.
There’s nothing Dean can give him to get the cage unlocked, to get to even see his own cock hard again. Cas has the keys. It’s not his cock anymore.
“How’d therapy go?” Cas asks, arms winding around Dean’s waist.
Dean wipes at his nose with the back of his hand. “I -- I don’t know, Daddy,” he sobs.
Dean’s hips stutter, because he was, he was grinding back onto the bed.
Dean blinks, but Cas’s gaze is firm, so he pulls his t-shirt over his head and kicks off his boxers and jeans, tossing them in a pile to the side.
It’s step out or go to his knees, and they don’t really have time for blowjobs, so Dean steps out.
“Tell me anyway.”
“Yeah, fine,” Dean says, and tries to stand.
“Yet, here you are, wearing clothes. What a disappointment. Do you like disappointing me, Dean?”
He startles as a voice says, "Continue."
“Today I want you to be good for me, Dean,” he says, stroking Dean’s cheekbones and jaw. “I want to do something to you, and I want you to let me without fighting me, just because it’ll make me very happy. Can you do that?”
Dean nods again, grinding back at the plug, so, so close.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not in the closet, sunshine,” Dean says and Cas looks up at the nickname. “That train sailed when I met you, and you’ve meet Bobby and Sam, so I can’t believe you’d think
It takes a long, long time before Dean manages to find words.
Cas doesn’t tell him to come out of the corner.
“Get undressed.”
“Well,” Dick says. “How about we start by asking for guidance? Let’s bow our heads for a moment.”
Dean has to fight not to get hard. Jesus, Cas is hot.
Y'all, there ain't no sex in here.
“That’s it,” Cas says, breathless. “Let go. This is what you are.”
Dean paused in the doorway. Cas was curled in an armchair, wearing an old pair of sweatpants and a knitted sweater in a colour combination that was probably criminal in some states. It certainly hurt Dean’s eyes enough. Cas was reading, book perched in his lap and a cup of tea on the table next to him. He took a deep breath, wanting nothing more than to turn around and forget this, forget what he was about to do, just go back to never having to deal with it ever again. Instead, his feet carried him into the room, where Castiel looked up with a smile. He threw the heavy object in his hand on the table before crossing his arms and all but glaring at his husband, whose smile disappeared as his eyes narrowed.
Dean had no idea what his father was talking about, but he thought that his father was probably incapable of being wrong, and if his father thought queers were sick, whatever they were, then he was right.
“It’s okay.”
Cas repeated, “I will be good at this.”
He sat on the edge of the motel bed, kicking his heels slowly against the wooden bed frame. Sammy lay behind him on top of the covers, either sleeping or staring at the ceiling, and his dad pored over an arcane-looking book at the room’s shitty table. The tv was on, and Dean wished it wasn’t. It was the news, but this wasn’t cool news like his dad looked out for. There weren’t any cows disappearing or weird weather things or anything. It was just politics, and that sucked.
Cas didn’t say anything, but he tilted his head to the side and waited for an explanation.
“I’ll text you a list.”
If it had been any other time, Charlie would have made a joke, and Dean would have laughed to deflect attention and he would have gone on resolutely not thinking about things he didn’t want to think about. But it was 3am on New Year’s Day, and Dean was done avoiding things.
“I know.”
“Just answer the question, Sammy.”
He hung up before Sam could say anything and met Bebe’s eyes. “Looks like I’ve got some work to do, doesn’t it?” He laughed and stood up to head back to the house.
“You’re not here to spring anything on us, right?” Dean said. “‘Cause I’m glad to see you, of course I am, but… visits from God ain’t exactly been good things in the past.”
“Dean-” and there it was, Sam’s concerned, ‘why are you not behaving like a regular person’ voice. “You called me yesterday morning asking what love feels like, and one day later you’re asking me for permission to get married. Something’s going on.”
“Yeah, but you don’t have to.” Cas gave Dean a death glare, so Dean kept going. “It’s a hobby, right? This isn’t some kind of life or death job, Cas.”
There was not a lot of variety in ring selection at this thrift store. Maybe Dean should have waited until he had some excuse to go up to Hastings, to see bigger and better shops, but he was already here.
and then they get married :D key points of the wedding that I'm not writing:
“Cas loves me. Like,
“Tell me it’s okay,” Dean choked out. With every second, Sam could see the life fading from his brother’s eyes, and he couldn’t take it.
That had happened on surveillance trips - trips it must have always known were fake, only tools to reel Dean in. To compliment his car, and quiz each other about music, and flirt just subtly enough they could pretend neither of them had said anything. If it had been anyone else, anything else, Dean thought he wouldn’t have done it. (This is a lie. It was just so easy to give in for once. To stop pretending he didn’t find men just as attractive as women, that he’d never been tempted.) But the siren had him under its spell, and when he -
He just didn’t see the point of a relationship. At the end of the year, or sooner, they would get thrown into the car and driven somewhere far enough away from their old school that nothing mattered, and have to start all over again. Better to not get attached. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t have a little fun.
Well. It was now or never, so Dean asked the first thing that came to mind. “Did you not want me to tell Mabel we aren’t married because you want us to be?”
“That’s how I live, ‘cause my real name won’t get me anywhere but the inside of a jail cell, and that’s if I’m lucky. And that’s how you gotta live, ‘cause they don’t exactly make a bubble on forms for ‘fallen angels of the lord.’ Hell, it’s not like you got a social security number when Jack resurrected you.”
It hadn’t been that long since he’d talked to Sam. Barely a week. And Dean knew, logically, that he could call his brother whenever, but it still felt obvious he had something to say.
Dean was glad he wasn’t looking at Cas, because there was no way he could have disguised the emotions that passed across his face as Cas said that. Because saying Dean didn’t feel that way implied that Cas
Sam was quiet for a moment, thinking. “I feel safe when I’m with her,” he said finally. “Not that I don’t feel safe with you, of course I do, but it’s different. Calmer, I guess.”
“...Maybe?”
In the background on Cas’s end, Dean heard the voice of an older woman he assumed was Mabel say “You can talk to your husband on your break, honey.”
He would have preferred it if Bobby had gotten there the previous day. Hell, if Bobby had taken this case instead of them. He wouldn’t have been dumb enough to get snared by the fucking siren.
“Driving in the snow is very inconvenient,” Cas agreed, glancing between Dean’s face and where there was clearly a small animal visible in his coat. Dean did not acknowledge it.
“That seems pretty cynical of you,” one girl had told him once. Her name had been Paris, and she was one year older than Dean. “Besides, you gonna mess around in movie theaters forever?”
-Charlie goes with Dean to get his thrift store clothes and Claire goes with Cas and bullies him the whole time.
Cas got home around 5 and immediately flopped onto the couch, narrowly avoiding being impaled by his own knitting needles, which he glared at.
“Hey, Charlie,” Dean said when she picked up on the fourth ring. (He’d been just about to give up and end the call.) “You got a sec?”
“Go get your man, Dean.” He could hear Charlie smiling through the phone. “I’m here if you need anything, but if you call me when I’m asleep again, I’m going to start putting Do Not Disturb on.”
In the end, he didn’t take everything out. He left some salt, holy water, a machete or two, and a shotgun with both regular and silver bullets. Just in case. But the trunk still was emptier than Dean had ever seen it, and he figured that was a pretty good sign. He didn’t want to be one of those crazies with a million gun lockers (and he didn’t love the idea of a gun locker in the first place - what if he needed something and couldn’t get to it?) so he shoved everything in a duffel bag in the house’s small attic, close enough to the access trapdoor he could get it quickly but hidden enough that, if non-hunters were in the house, they wouldn’t think he’d lost his mind.
“Hey, kid.” He kicked the grass, and a chunk of ice from when it had snowed last week skidded until it hit a tree trunk. “This, uh. It’s kind of your day now, isn’t it. I dunno if you can hear me, with how many people are praying today. But I hope you’re doing good, whatever you’re doing.
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Sure.” He kept his boots and coat on, just grabbing his keys as he walked through the house. “I’m going to town. For, uh, cat stuff. What kind of stuff does that cat need, anyway?”
He ended up with a compromise. A home-cooked baked ziti that maybe wasn’t the nicest thing ever, but it wasn’t leftovers and it would taste pretty damn good. He tried really fucking hard to put candles on the table, but after bringing them out, getting so nervous about them he could feel his heartbeat speed up and his hands start to shake, and putting them away again a good five times, Dean accepted that was just not going to happen. He made do with a string of what Sam had once called fairy lights but Dean was pretty sure were just uncolored Christmas lights around the table. And it looked damn nice.
John said a word Dean did not know in a tone that made it very clear it was derogatory. “It’s wrong,” he said.
“It was good to see you at Thanksgiving. You seemed… good. We miss you, you know. But I get what you said. Hands-off. But hey. Merry Christmas.”
Three of the rings looked like they were antique, for women, and very expensive. Another was so gaudy Dean was a little surprised it hadn’t started life as an arcade prize. One was a toe ring. That left two rings that could be reasonably said to be for men. He caught sight of the first one, and, well, it really had been a miracle that he’d gotten this far into his plan without losing it a little.
“Don’t you ever sacrifice yourself again, you hear me?” Dean said, slightly muffled from where his face was buried in Cas’s shoulder.
Cas drove home from the diner in that snowstorm. He’d taken the truck, which had been because Dean still didn’t like people that weren’t him driving the Impala but which turned out to be a good thing because the truck had an ice scraper in the trunk instead of the hunting kit Dean still hadn’t brought himself to remove.
Cas smiled at Dean, eyes crinkling around the corners in the way they only did when he was truly happy. “Thank you.”
“Do you want to have Christmas here?” Dean asked instead.
“Oh,” he said.
Dean stood there and stared at the empty place where Cas had stood, and he thought,
Cas squinted at him. He took a long drink of his coffee and then refilled the mug.
“Calmer.”
“If it doesn’t have a chip, it can stay here,” Dean said, quickly, before he could think about why he was saying it.
“You good?” Aiden asked softly.
He didn’t lean in.
“I’m. Uh. Unemployed.”
Dean reached to touch his back. When his hand didn’t return bloody, his eyebrows jumped high enough that they almost reached his hairline.
“Yeah, Sammy. Everything’s good.”
“Can I ask you a question?”
, Dean typed back.
Eileen’s reply read.
Cas reached up with one hand to cup Dean’s face and pulled him in, leaving the softest of kisses on his lips. Dean’s eyes instinctually fell closed, and he didn’t open them as he felt Cas pull away.
“Nah,” he would say sometimes. “Besides, I won’t be around long.”
Cas turned to him, face open and vulnerable. And Dean wanted so badly to tell him. To say
, Sam thought. His brother stubbornly refused to let go of Cas all the way back to the Impala, and Sam thought it on loop:
As it turned out, it didn’t matter. Whisper the cat was apparently not fat but very pregnant, which Dean found out that afternoon when he came downstairs to the sound of her frantic mewling. She had clawed the blanket from the couch into a small pile in the corner of the room and stood over it uncomfortably, claws dug into the fabric.
Cas came into the kitchen a few minutes later, under the pretense of refilling people’s water glasses. He hovered there for a few moments, longer than necessary, and it wasn’t like Cas to not say something he was thinking, so Dean asked “What’s up?” He didn’t turn around from the stove, and Cas didn’t make an attempt to be in Dean’s field of view.
“Dean?” Charlie asked. “Didn’t you already call today?”
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean. “I am building myself an identity, and it will be one I’m attached to and consider my own, not a fake name I plucked from a newspaper.”
Dean looked at Cas, eyes wide. He hoped his expression could convey ‘What have you said to her??’ without Mabel picking up on it. Dean had done a lot of things, and few of them were good.
“Your cat,” Dean hissed. He looked back at Whisper, whose meowing had grown louder. “Your fucking cat is having babies in the living room.”
“Dean, if this is about-”
Sam had the nerve to laugh. “Because for the last, like, eight years, it has been.”
“Good
Bastard looked him in the eyes. Dean was really fucking sure that chicken could read minds, because the look he was getting now said that Bastard knew what Dean was hiding from, why he called Sam from the chicken coop instead of the porch, and that he was not having it.
“She was in the wheel well,” Cas explained once he was inside. He took off his coat, and the animal - which looked like a cat at once starved and very fat - immediately attempted to crawl up his shirt. The uniform polo might be cheaply made, but it fit reasonably well, so there wasn’t enough room between it and Cas’s bright yellow thermal undershirt for the cat to fit, and she glared at him. “I’ve heard they do that sometimes to stay warm.”
This was, Dean thought, an excellent question. What did he do? Puttering around an old house and making sure Sam’s hunting network was all in working order didn’t really count as a job, and neither did messing with his cars or taking care of the animals. And it wasn’t like ‘recovering from an entire lifetime of being actively fucked over by God himself’ was a viable answer.
There was a noise on Sam’s end, like a door had just closed.
Maybe it was time for a lie. Just a little one, though. Close enough to the truth. Dean looked to Roger, judging whether he could get away with the lie. He thought he could. “I used to be in the army. Got out last year.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He slipped out of the room pretty quickly. Saying he would be in the kitchen wasn’t an excuse, really, because he did need to be cooking. He just also needed… time, maybe? Space?
“We’ll get you a fake social, too,” he promised.
“Of course,” Cas said.
“How’d it go?” Dean stood in the kitchen, not making dinner yet but thinking about it, when Cas let himself in the front door.
Dean thought he might be stupid.
It took Eileen a few minutes to respond. In the guest bedroom, he could hear Cas quietly swearing. Dean wished he could be in there just to see what had gotten Cas so worked up he needed to swear at it out loud.
Cas shrugged, and Dean thought he didn’t do enough when they took down Chuck, that maybe Cas was right and he wasn’t made for killing but if anyone deserved it, it was Chuck just for making Cas feel that being God’s chew toy for thousands of years was something he could just shrug his shoulders and pass over.
“How the fuck should I know? She’s a cat!”
Dean stood in front of Sam, gasping. Sam’s fingers were still slick with the blood from his back.
“I mean, I’m down,” Paris had laughed. She had an on-again, off-again relationship with the point guard of the school’s basketball team. Dean thought they were currently on, but he wasn’t sure. “It’s fun. But pretending you don’t have feelings doesn’t make that true.”
It had been a long time since Dean’s childhood. Since motels and pinching pennies to make the food last and putting everything else aside to make sure Sam was okay. They’d always done Christmas, then. It had never been much, just a gas station gift wrapped in a stolen newspaper, but it had always been worth it to see the look in Sam’s eyes. To know that he’d been able to bring a little bit of joy into their shitty lives, just for a little.
Cas rises to his feet.
"This is not exactly..."
"Yeah?"
Castiel pauses for a moment. "Around 5 years."
He opens the book to the first page. Hesitantly, he takes one of Castiel's hands in his own.
Sam topples onto the front lawn in their neighbourhood, and is left to stare up in horror as Eileen disappears back into the building, flames beginning to roar from their bedroom window.
"I got it! I won!"
home isn't the same thing."
Dean thinks to himself, leaning back on his desk chair. The chair groans in complaint and he surveys his domain.
"I don't know, Castiel. Put yourself out there. Go to a bar, pick someone up. Live a little."
Maybe it was the smell of Cas that lulled him so. Or maybe God just particularly hated him that night.
They're stood in the middle of the quidditch pitch; he, Sam, and Claire, all throwing their gear on. Despite facing Sam his gaze flickers to the right of him, seeing Claire in his peripheral. Jody is hovering around her like some sort of constipated Hen, and Claire is just staring at the ground, a frown on her face. Dean's seen that 'I want you to get out of my face but I’ll probably be expelled if I open my mouth’ look all too often.
“Sir, I can appreciate that.” Dean leans in. “But uh, policy is policy. I can’t just let him go, unless Jack has some way to confirm it with, like a password or somethin’--”
Sam taps the side of his nose with a grin. “Putting your head down and working hard pays off, y’know,” a small frown, “and hearing that your older brother nearly died at the hands of a dozen Dementors also makes people a bit more sympathetic.”
“Cas?! Where are you?”
Eileen presses a kiss against his temple. "You should come to bed. It's very late."
Dean and Lucifer both stop and turn to the doorway. Castiel stands there, and Dean straightens. He ignores the relief easing into his spine.
Castiel still isn't sure if Jack really understands why he’s here. He knows that he recognises his mother—he can point at pictures and say her name and who she was, even to people who visit the house. Jack is a smart kid, and in some ways a lot more perceptive than he let on, even as a six year old.
Castiel raises an eyebrow, still standing. Dean cracks his neck, shuffling in position.
“Could you teach us how to stop those things?”
Dean rolls onto his feet, (trying not to topple the chair on his way up,) and motions to get their attention. He sticks out a hand to the man as they approach.
to do about it?"
Dean reaches inside his jacket, pulling out the journal. "Before he died, he gave me coordinates. Found this."
Dean forces himself to take a deep breath when he sums up the courage to gaze at the male in the bed. He remembers identifying a body, before, still and pale.
"And how are we sure that Castiel is capable of providing a stable living environment? If this is not the case, then surely Jack's ultimate upbringing would be best with his
purrs into life. One of the ancient cassettes starts playing
Dean kicks the point of his boot against the stone hallway as he waits outside. The door is locked, which he childishly throws a pout at, before standing straighter as some students wander by. He gives them a grin. They look rather dubiously at the fact he’s stood outside Castiel’s doorway alone, but they have better things to do. As soon as they leave the door opens and Cas walks out. The timing of it causes Dean to jump.
, before I end up taking
Sam grins back. “You know what confidentiality is like at the moment, Dean. Good to see you too.”
Dean shakes his head.
Chuck raises his head. “Huh?”
“You son of a bitch, I will come and drag you back myself, you’d better come home—“
"Dad gave me the note, alone. Just hadn't found the time to--"
Cas’ lack of response shouldn’t have been so disconcerting, but he remains silent for an uncomfortable amount of time. He reckons Cas has never paid much attention to social cues, but this was a little ridiculous.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wonders if he can make a transfer.
"Sure", Dean says. He's about to head in that direction, before there's a knocking at the door behind him.
The sound of ceramic sliding across metal comes from Dean’s left, and the plate garnishing a cheeseburger and fries shows up. Dean grins at Ellen, sticking a hand in his pocket to throw down some notes. “Keep the change.” Dean winks, and pulls the plate towards himself.
The wand. That wand is not Shurley’s—
from him."
“I know.” Dean cuts in with a smile. “It’s okay.” He leans down to Jack, raises a high five. “I’ll see ya tomorrow, yeah?”
“It’s really a nice neighbourhood. Not too loud, close to local amenities,” Lucifer wonders, still gazing outside. He tilts his head. “Average. Hidden in plain sight.”
Even though the wind is biting at this height of Hogwarts, the view more than makes up for it; a sweeping panorama of the grounds and beyond of Hogwarts. Either they got lucky or Cas knew what to expect for tonight – the sky is clear, littered with hundreds and hundreds of stars. The lake below washes itself in the stars reflections, outlining the edge of the Forbidden forest. Looking far enough it was possible to make out the small black smudges of the castle walls, and beyond that, the pinpricks of light presumably making their way from Hogsmeade. Dean looks away, only to realise that Castiel isn’t stood beside him, and he looks around.
Castiel leans back from his paper, and his shoulders drop in a small sigh. “Correct.” He confirms, with the tone of someone who knows there are wider repercussions for him than writing some lines. Dean frowns, unsure if he’s picking up those vibes correctly. He’s spent enough time in classes with Castiel, but he doesn’t think he’s ever said more than a few words outside of class time. Castiel wasn’t the sort of kid that you just ‘hung around’ with, but it’s not like Dean knew. They weren’t even in the same house.
“Aren’t Dementors more your realm?”
No response.
"Thank you for tonight, Dean," Cas murmurs, and Dean glances down at him. They'd never quite stood this close before, and it only really clicks with him now how Cas is
He suddenly feels a body beside him and he glances up, finding Sam is next to him gathering some of the items in his own arms. They both pause when they make eye contact, and slowly Dean reaches for some beakers in Sam’s hand.
"I'll take my chances." Dean murmurs. He tilts his head, leaning in. They kiss for a moment, gentle. The breeze  tickles his cheeks, the sunset settling a hue of orange on the grass around them.
Dean nudges Charlie as he shuffles his way into the great hall, which had been cleared of its usual contents for the latest challenge. Charlie, who was trying to pry away one of the students with a notebook, manages to shoo him away before turning to Dean. She raises an eyebrow.
"I might take Jack out for a daytrip. Get away for the day. Treat him."
And he does.
Dean ignores Sam trying to catch his attention, frowning as he watches them go.
"Sorry about the timing for this meeting, but it's urgent. Diagon Alley was under attack reportedly just an hour ago."
They were going to crash.
“I don’t understand.”
“Relatively?!”
hungry, no matter how long it's been.
. No fucking wonder the bravest man he knew was terrified of him.
in his eyes.
Castiel sips his tea. Dean ignores how white Cas’ knuckles are.
Dean looks down at Cas, one hand tangled in dark hair, another running fingers down a spine curved towards him. Calloused pads of fingers press against Dean’s jaw and Cas exhales, watching.
Dean smiles, shy, and Castiel is pulled from his thoughts. "Hey, uh. You ready?"
"Jody needed some help lookin' at her car. Couldn't find her and found Jack looked like he needed some help with his abcs."
Dean is so busy staring at the space that Lucifer once occupied he doesn’t realise he’s still holding onto Cas, until he feels a hand on his own arm. He blinks, looking to Cas gaze up at him, appearing drained.
An emergency staff meeting was not something unheard of, but they were rare.
"Dunno what you're talking about. Anyway, nothing happened, dunno if anything will. His kid is still my student and you're still helpin' him, so I'm sure I'll see him around at some point. No big deal."
. Castiel raises an eyebrow at Dean's shocked expression.
"Hi, Mom." Jack's voice throws Castiel out of his dawning revelation, and gives him his own flowers as Jack turns for them.
Cas blocks the spell with ease. He waits.
He throws himself off Meg as Lucifer raises his wand and Cas charges towards Dean – only to go diving to the ground again as a hand grabs his ankle. He throws his arms out and clutches Dean’s waist as he falls, bringing the Winchester down with him. They land on each other with a thump, and the killing curse goes sailing over Dean, dispersing against one of the stands which begins to crumble. Students start screaming.
Dean laughs, making no effort to move, and showing no motion to have to resist. "Hey, you haven't seen me all day. You missed me, admit it."
“We go through profiles of Dark Wizards, yes, especially active ones.”
“Yes.”
He passes it to Bobby, who opens it. His expression becomes more and more steely the longer he looks.  Dean feels his chest tightening.
Dean awakes with a gasp.
A thought bubbles somewhere in the depths of Dean's mind, but it slips from grasp as soon as Azazel speaks, forcing their gaze to meet.
Dean bolts upright, and listens. Did he just dream that?
Cas nods and disappears into the kitchen. Dean sits down tentatively on the sofa, before realising he’s squishing a plush. He pulls it out, realising it’s the gecko that he gifted Jack on his first day of school, and Dean can't help the smile that erupts on his face as a result. He’s still holding it when Cas walks in. Dean waves it at him a little awkwardly.
Dean shuffles around the bunker floors, practically wincing. He can feel the cold of the cement crawling through the worn cotton of his socks. He refuses to invest in thermal socks. A guy has to retain
“Yeah, yeah, lookin’ for Chuck is great and all, but we’re missin’ something. Why’d Lucifer disguise as him in the first place and then come to Hogwarts? He had the ministry of Magic right under his fingertips, not unlike he’s done—”
Castiel, for a moment, blanches. Then; “You mean Dean.”
On the screen, the phone is lit. An open call with the sheriff's department.
Dean growls, sluggish. Lucifer sniffs. He drops him, and Dean lands head first on the concrete floor.
Cas stares. "What are you doing outside?" He asks him, after a long pause.
Dean takes a step forward, forcing Cas to trip or follow through. Dean holds onto him tight enough that Cas takes a step back, and they fall into a soft sway, gentle strings floating through the Hall's doors towards them. Dean's hands slowly slip down the other's waist.
“Hey, that’s pretty good.”
The snitch has swooped near towards the bottom of the pitch, by the referee. Cas is inches behind it, stood on his broom, hand outstretched.
him here?"
Michael’s wand is raising, advancing towards Sam. He draws it back.
Dean tries not to grin.
“Here, at Hogwarts. It was part of our—” Cas sighs, cutting himself off from a redundant explanation. “My role as an Auror specialised in healing magic.”
but he slowly gives it up. Cas leans over and deposits it safely on the couch, pulling an intense ab crunch to lean that far without falling into the lava pool of the Lego. He is
"Magical would be easier," Dean acknowledges, tilting his head ever so slightly down, "But personal is
"That was rather an intense demonstration. I don't expect you to be so... quick." He remarks, glancing at Dean. "But it's a good start. What I'm looking for is the conduct and defence. And remember: it is always much easier to duel with friends, than what you'll face in real life."
He opens his mouth to say something but is cut off by the wave of panic that rolls through the rest of the arena. Cas looks up, seeing Lucifer.
Dean grins. “Fine. Ninjoose? Moosja?”
"Everything alright?"
“I didn’t want to draw attention to ourselves.” He remarks, “You’re not supposed to know explicit details about the challenge before you turn up to them.”
“And I’ll ask him to triple check. They’re possibly just seeing things, but it means the students are still scared. You’re the one that faced the Dementors, Dean. Professor Novak has obviously demonstrated what he’s done, and I think it’d be good for the rest of the students to see that you’re making the effort to be vigilant, too.”
With a small grunt, Dean lets his head fall back on the pillow. He rubs roughly at his eyes with his knuckles. Right. London.
The cobblestones are slippery, Diagon Alley crowded by black hoods and sodden witches and wizards.
Dean feels lips press against his and he closes his eyes, sighing as knees bump and chests press together, and his arms slide around the waist of the other man pinning him. The Kiss is wet and desperate despite the chapped lips of the other, and he hears himself breathing his name, biting slightly at the bottom of his lip as he pulls away to breathe, chest expanding--
He glances briefly to the side, where in front of the Student selective there is a girl that Dean vaguely recognises from Quidditch matches staring wide eyed at her own name. Her fists are clenched and some students are prodding at her. She’s trying not to break down.
Dean twists his broom in a u-turn, turning behind him to chase after Cas. As with most quidditch matches, it was very easy to forget about the rest of the team on the pitch, and Dean's only focus became what was in front of him; Cas and getting that snitch.
Now, six years later, his eyes sting at the thought.
He can’t see anything, nothing that should cause him such sudden pause, but cold rushes over him, terror tightening his chest that his joints freeze, and for a few seconds he can’t make himself move, or think, to try and decipher what the impending danger is that’s approaching him—
Dean spits at him. "You ain't family, you motherfucker. I
"I got your number from Jody. I just wanted to thank you for earlier, for protecting Jack."
with me Michael, I need to get up there and clean your mess,
Cas gives a nod, before grasping the bottle and touching the neck with Dean's. It clinks and they both swallow more than they intend. Dean coughs.
Bobby had given him leave, later that day. Take a long weekend, he'd said, with a knowing look. It had only been a few days since their kiss outside the infirmary, but word travelled fast.
Cas gives Jack to Anna for the night, ruffling his hair and giving him a kiss on the forehead as he bounces alongside Anna up towards the door to her house. Cas watches all the way until they disappear behind as the door closes. He clenches down on the clawing guilt that always threatens whenever he hands Jack over to someone else for a while, or gets a babysitter in—no matter how many times people say he doesn't do it enough.
Castiel shakes his head. "You're allowed to enjoy yourself, Dean. You're allowed to be compassionate and enjoy being compassionate, outside of your own dedication to your brother."
Castiel looks down at the ground. “Oh.” Is all he finally says, sounding…resigned. Dean feels himself sigh on his behalf.
“But how is this
Dean nods, lost in thought. Castiel steps aside his desk and motions to the door. “I’m assuming you’re also heading to the Great Hall? The Headmaster has his announcement to make over supper.”
"What's best, clearly, is that Jack thus remains with his biological Father."
They sit like this in silence for a few minutes, before Cas sighs, long. He pulls out an envelope that had been tucked under his arm, placing it under the coffee table.
He runs.
“Where’s your Seeker?”
Castiel stumbles as he struggles to deflect it in time. Dean barely has chance to get on his feet before Cas retaliates, twisting as the spell ricochet off the wall of the Great Hall behind him.
“Well, let’s go.”
Castiel can feel himself frown. To his surprise, Dean immediately catches it.
"Did you hear what he was even sayin'?"
welcome. I am not your brother,
“I am not a staff member of this school.” Michael hisses, taking a step forward, “It is my responsibility to ensure the safety of the Minister of Magic, and all other Ministry escorts.”
Bobby moves the saucepan, banging it in his frustration. "He carted you boys around for years, dumping you in motels and our laps because the insurance ruled it as an electrical fault, but he damn well knew it wasn't the case. Someone had killed her." Bobby scrambles for a bowl, opening and slamming cupboard doors as he does so. Eventually he pulls out a faded pink bowl with painted flowers on the side. The china has started to crack. "Mary was a lawyer, just like Sammy, and yer Dad was sure that she'd found something out she shouldn't. He'd never tell me much though." He glances down at the journal. "Y'might wanna spend time reading through it if you haven't already. What has Sam had to say 'bout it?"
"How did you get to know Dean, anyway?"
"Do you like him because mom isn't around anymore?"
Bobby grunts. “I believe we’d already had the conversation, Chuck. And I’ve also repeated the same conversation with the Head Auror. And with most of my staff, Minister. Hogwarts is as safe a place as any wizard is going to get.”
Dean instantly brightens. “He sure is.”
"It can be, yes." Cas says, simply. He motions Jack to continue the sweeping.
He freezes.
"Yes — I'm getting married in a few months." Sam remarks. "I'll move out after that, then Dean's going to have the apartment to himself.”
! You grabbed it off of me— and,”
“Hey, Cas, buddy. It’s gonna be fine.
Dean eventually sighs, and reaches to put the key into ignition.
Castiel looks at him with a slight frown. Dean shrugs. “You can call me Dean. You don’t need to call me by my title. It’s not as though we weren’t both students here, once.”
Castiel motions for Dean to come closer, and he turns to the bottle which starts pouring itself into two glasses. Before he has a chance to pass the glass, he looks up with surprise as Dean touches his shoulder. Dean hasn’t looked away from him, and he leans forward, kissing him.
"She isn't wrong, but Dean already knows that. And that will make him arrogant." Cas sighs. "So I'm not holding any expectations."
Straight to the point, as normal. Dean glances at the nightmare mountain of crinkled glitter hearts spread around him.
to scare him.
“It’s a little strong.” He notes. “Though... sweet." He nods at her.
The bar is silent, save for some noises from Gabriel from the back. The bar isn't technically open yet, so all the more room for privacy. Sam lays out some papers as they wait on some coffee, Gabriel giving a lingering look to the man. Castiel rolls his eyes to himself. Sam clicks the end of his pen. It’s smooth and black and has some official company name printed on it, but it’s too small for Castiel to see.
The siblings stop looking at each other. She clenches her fist.
“Then the match isn’t over, and you’re
Dean drives up the mostly overgrown driveway, eventually coming across the farm house. It hadn't been painted in years, but it was clearly lived in—just a little faded. With a bitter taste, he realises it reminds him of Bobby’s.
Cas sways on his feet.
Lucifer smiles at him, and raises his wand.
“Don’t think they’re having as happy a reunion,” Sam murmurs, under his breath.
Dean wasn't wrong. Sam is an
. Dean gasps in pain and is forced to look
Castiel sighs. "He was Jack’s new Kindergarten teacher. Then we kept running into each other." He deliberates for a moment. "He's a... very compassionate man. I can understand why he chose to look after children for a living."
“Cas, hey.” He murmurs, smiling. “I’m here.”
"Geeze, Cas, personal space?"
He hears Claire’s very loud shout, but is too busy trying to keep his own temperament. He glances to Sam, who is simply staring at Jess.
this bastard has--
Dean shrugs.
Sam starts sprinting to the arena just as the shield flickers into place, shouting as he comes to a stop in front of it. He pummels a fist against it a few times, before sensing the crackle of magic directly behind him. Sam twists around and pulls his own wand out, deflecting the spell aimed at him. He stares.
Cas only realises that Dean is staring at him when his gaze finally rests back on his, and he blinks. Dean glances away quickly for a moment.
"You're Dean, yes?"
They had him cremated, and took the surprisingly sleek looking urn to Mary's grave. There's silence as Dean unscrews the lid, and scatters the ashes on top, watching as the summary of this man, their father, is compressed to nothing but a grey smear. They're alone in the back of the cemetery. Quietly, Sam unscrews the whiskey he'd been carrying, and pours it on the grave. He takes a deep swig, before passing it over to Dean. Dean takes his own, before pouring the rest on the grave.
Castiel sighs. “I am. Or, as much as one can be that has a brother breathing down his collar at every opportune moment.” He places his piece of chalk down, dusting his hands. “I’m assuming this is about the tournament? Congratulations.”
Michael leaves without a word. As they watch him go, Dean folds his arms.
Castiel looks at Dean for a moment, who gives him a steady gaze of green eyes and unspoken reassurance. Cas nods before glancing back at Jack, adjusting him. “Say bye to Mr. Winchester, Jack.”
Both the Winchesters remain quiet as the voices of the other siblings echo across the pitch to them. Dean is secretly glad it wasn’t a windy day.
"I'd like that." he murmurs, and Dean realises he's tearing up. Surprising even himself, he doesn't panic.
He is coated in brick and rubble, and he coughs as he pulls himself to his hand and knees, eyes squeezed shut. As soon as the wall stops falling apart he rests on his ankles, trying to free his face free of plaster and dust by rubbing his face with the sleeve of his robes.  He opens his eyes.
Sam had to remain behind to cover some admin tasks, but rumbles up in his own car a short while later with a small woman sitting in the passenger seat. As soon as the car comes to a stop Dean's expression splits into a grin, and he yanks Castiel along towards the car.
Castiel turns around and leaves, without turning to look back at him. Dean still has the envelope clutched in his hand, unopened, when he disappears out of view.
“Actually, I saw you both. At the cemetery.”
Michael watches him. He raises his wand, taking a few steps forward.
That makes Dean look down, and he toes absentmindedly at some of the grass on the pitch. “Touché.”
It’s not someone he recognises, but that wasn’t always unusual. Sometimes parents got lost from other classes. Slapping his Best Teacher Smile on, Dean steps up to the tall, blonde haired male.
Dean had numerated for some time while driving up here; this man had killed his mom, his dad, and nearly killed Sammy. He taught Lucifer
Castiel presses on. He closes his eyes, feeling the echo of movement from somewhere around the corner. He presses himself to the edge of the wall. He pauses, raises his wand, before peering around the corner.
Cheers roar across the stands, colours of red and yellows flickering along the stadium. Dean grins as he marches across the pitch, the rest of his team behind him. It was the closest they’d come to winning the cup since he became Captain.
After a few moments Cas leans back, peering at Dean with tired blue eyes. Dean closes his own as Cas gently brushes a thumb against his skin, feeling the gentle scratch of the wounds knotting together with magic. When Cas moves his hand Dean opens his eyes, looking at the Auror. Didn’t seem like he had a scratch on him.
“That’ll be $14.86,” Castiel interrupts, the cash register opening with a ding. “Would you like a look at our Valentine’s Special with your copy of Busty Asian Beauties?”
. Fucking legacy indeed, you only cared about seeing to it your
He doesn't notice the knocks at first; too busy watching the candle flicker on his desk. He assumes it's just the rain increasing, until he hears a voice.
Jack leans down to sweep a little ineffectually at the carpet. "Well
Cas reaches his hand behind and Dean takes it, giving his hand a slight squeeze. This is how they reach the top of the stairs. Cas unhooks the trap door at the top of the stairway, and as Dean follows up, a biting air hitting the tips of his ears as they walk out into the cold.
Monthly check to:
And then he looks up.
Mr. Shurley nods, and ushers him along. Jack bumbles off, still clutching at Tony the gecko. Dean and Mr. Shurley straightens as they watch him go.
“So, uh — Professor —”
It’s quiet, but he feels the name roll through Cas’ chest. Dean grunts, lifting his head, tipsy from the warmth. He’s nestled close enough that his nose brushes with the scratch of Cas’ stubble. They look at each other.
Castiel finally turns to Dean, whipping around with such abruptness Dean leans back. “He is the
“Sure is.”
“I’m sorry about the other day, Cas, at the gas station. Shouldn’t have brought anything up, specially you bein’ in the middle of work and all.”
She lowers her hand.
Finally,
“Sir, is it true that you saved Master Winchester from loads of dementors last night?”
Lucifer siphons easily through the wave, flames licking weakly at the ground around him. He looks up to find the staff of Hogwarts surrounding him, poised.
Lucifer tilts his head, cracking his neck. He rolls his shoulders.
Sam mumbles something incoherent, only to cut himself off, coughing. Eileen doesn't know how long Sam has been in here, and the heat already has her sweating.
This chapter contains upsetting descriptions of injury and death to families, particularly of the children.
get off of me now, man—you made your point--"
Cas tilts his head, and reaches for his drink. He raises his own.
Castiel pauses, and it’s time for Dean to beckon Cas over, towards the edge of the clocktower. He follows, and as they both peer over the edge, Dean wraps an arm around Cas.
Crowley rolls his eyes, and returns to the timer. There were only a few minutes left.
Oh, it’s
“Hey, I think you found we both did.”
"Very well."
Chuck Shurley gazes at him. He slowly raises an eyebrow. If he had his arms free, Dean imagined he'd want to slow clap like some B-movie villain.
Dean grins. "Hey, takes more than that to break a broom. You'll be fine."
“Fine.” Lucifer says, voice suddenly hard. “I wanted to be civil. We’ll see how long it takes for Jack to know how you've lied to him, then. It'll be sooner than you think."
Dean has yet to see a scarier sight.
Another shrug. “I take the no offense back, then. Guy deserves all of it.”
"Dude, you blind now? Put some damn lights on, man--"
A soft sun, highlighting hands and eyes.
close into the eyes of Lucifer. Lucifer had always come off as this try-hard, got-off-the-wrong-foot, wrong-place-at-wrong-time, Gee-Mr-Judge-I'm-Sorry-For-Getting-Emotional-About-My-Son kinda guy. Now?
The boy takes her sisters hand. The levitating rubble spins, and shoots towards him.
Cas begins to close the window. Dean throws himself through the window, accidentally tackling Cas in the process. They both end up on the floor, Dean on top of him.
Cas raises his wand, pointing it at her. “This is why Lucifer saved you? To commit terrorist acts?”
“Sure, I’ll just go and ask the Dementors and Dark Wizards to politely leave, next time. I’m sure that’ll fill them with fear and the students with utter confidence.”
He is within leaping distance of the snitch when he feels the air shift around him, only to have enough time to look to his right and roll under his broom as Cas charges above him. Grunting, Dean rolls himself back upright, growling at the Professor.
It's an envelope, tucked into the windshield. Tentatively, Cas leans over, and pulls it out. His own name is handwritten on the front, and is unsealed.
The tailor seems satisfied, so Dean shoves Sam out of the way to get a good look at himself in the mirror. He frowns for a moment, turning a little to the left and right. "Huh." He remarks. "Maybe bow ties can be cool."
When Dean finally lands, Claire already bundled up by Jody and Bobby after the Dementors were expelled, the first thing Dean does is march up to Michael. Looking furious.
It's only then he realises that the whole match had stopped in favour of watching them. Claire slowly raises one of her eyebrows.
"SAM!" She yells, and against her better instinct, begins to charge up the stairs towards the bedroom.
Dean raises his hands, a small frown on his face. “I didn’t threaten you,
He practically stumbles into the school, barely remembering that shoes and rain and lino flooring don't make for the best power walk, and he very nearly loses his balance. Rain dripping down his forehead, he nods at the woman behind the reception desk—Charlie, he believes her name was?—before speeding along to the room.
"You know I don't want him using those glasses yet."
Dean spends the next hour on his drive home with the name thrumming through his mind. Does he tell Sam? He should, he
Crowley stares at Castiel. He slowly slides the envelope over to their side of the desk. Sam looks at him, before quietly placing his finger on top of it, and dragging the envelope towards him. He tucks it into his coat pocket, staring at Crowley the whole time.
Naomi rolls her eyes. “I appreciate that this subject may be one that hits
Dean raises an eyebrow, but smiles when he realises what is he is being handed. There’s a small crinkle as he rips some of the foil, chomping half of it into his mouth. “Oh, hey— thanks-” He mumbles around a piece. Castiel closes the drawer and starts shuffling his papers around on the desk, organising them. It takes him a few moments to realise how intently he’s being stared at, and he looks up.
Dean rubs at the back of his neck. He’s in his regular quidditch attire, but there isn’t any mud on his boots. He hasn’t been out onto the pitch, then. “Yea, good. Well, y’know.” He pauses. “Not a great nights sleep, but what can you do, yeah?”
Jack was the only remaining child. As he approaches he can hear the teacher, Mr. Winchester’s, voice drifts out:
"Ah, ‘course. Follow me."
It is windier, up here. Dean can feel his cheeks burning as he soars up, skimming past the roof tiles of the main tower. There are lights hovering all around the grounds, marking out their racetrack. Dean wants to laugh at how easy this is going to be.
The wand goes flying out of Michael’s hand, losing itself among the grass. Bobby steps in view behind Michael, his own wand pointed at the Auror’s back.
while he was surrounded by baby books, desperately researching on the best way to handle a child. He remembers how soft her hair felt when he'd tuck it behind her ears while she was vomiting, rubbing gently at her back.
This train of thought encourages the others, and soon there's a raucous crowd of chanting from the students.
“Well it’s kind of a last minute thing, y’see. He’s all caught up with a work thing, and I said I’d do him a favour, y’know, pick Jack up so he didn’t keep you waiting--”
"Through here," a voice calls from the other side of the house, and Dean tenses. He stills, waiting for
Dean rolls his eyes. Sam clearly hasn't
Jack stands in the middle of the room, blinking up at Cas as though he simply has
"Yet, as Castiel explained numerous times, that any moment they face could be a life or death situation, and this was a viable space to practice as such. If they have no confidence in former Aurors, then how much will that say about the trust they hold for those that currently hold the position?"
“But Cas — tiel, said that he — and then Michael, had ensured there was sufficient warding against them—”
“Hey, so, uh—” Dean starts, barely remembering to knock on the door before he wanders into the classroom. If Dean was correct, Castiel would be writing on the board, ready for the next days set of lessons. If there was one thing he’d started to learn, it was that Castiel worked like clockwork.
Castiel turns around.
More quiet. Dean sighs, a breath of empty motel rooms and stale cereal.
He wildly swings an arm out, grasping haggardly for the phone on his desk. He blinks blearily as he sees Bobby's disgruntled scowl on the front, the picture taken at one of the various birthday get togethers that Bobby was dragged to at The Roadhouse to celebrate with Ellen and some of the others.
"Hey, sweetheart." Dean murmurs, reaching and brushing his thumb across the stubble of Castiel's cheek. "It's over now, yeah? You're both gonna be just fine."
Jack looks from Dean, to the hand, before tentatively raises his own small hand and bats it against Dean’s larger palm. Dean grins. Castiel feels warmth blossom in his chest, paired with relief. Jack really seems to enjoy it here, at least.
He hands Jack a plush Gecko, made up of a vibrant red fabric and bulging eyes. Jack stares at it in wonder.
Castiel squints at her, before reaching for a towel. He dries his hair for a moment. "I won't need you later."
He barely notices the man’s gaze as Dean bites into it. He knew enough not to question when someone handed him chocolate, particularly the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher after they, y’know, face something from the Dark Arts. By the time Castiel speaks, Dean can feel some semblance of his self settling again.
“Oh.” Castiel falls quiet for a moment. Dean takes this opportunity to dig around for another drink. When he looks back, Cas is still standing there, watching him.
Dean stares at Cas, who, with a reluctant look at the referee,then at Jody, turns and heads back into the changing rooms.
Dean looks away. "Yeah, well. We were sharing secrets at the time, slumber party style. Felt like a good time."
Cas frowns. "I don't need to 'pick anyone up.'"
“You egotistical dick.” He starts, “Everything I’ve done was not
"I'm looking for Castiel -- Novak." He murmurs. He senses the other nod.
“I ran into them in the medical wing. Jack told me why he fell.”
Dean nods, and hesitantly removes his hand. He reaches back for his coffee. “Jack will too, when he’s old enough, trust me.” Dean denotes, finishing the rest of his drink. “There’s a big difference between a father and a dad—” Dean glances at him, and their knees brush. “— and I know I ain’t just looking at a father right now.”
Jack nods, an acceptable answer. Castiel wonders when Jack became the gatekeeping parent; not the other way round.
Cas keeps looking at him. “Dean...”
He staggers out of the wing before anyone can stop him.
He returns to his work with surprising ease, throwing together what he hopes is the antidote. Heck, maybe he should have applied for the role of Potions Master instead.
There it is. Dancing about 200 feet ahead of him. The snitch. Glancing to his side as a beater flies past him, Dean leans forward and soars through the sky, hand reaching out.
The Quaffle is thrown into the air.
“Hopefully an accurate one.” Cas mutters, expression unreadable. He raises his wand, high enough so that it parallels his face. Dean copies the action, and together they turn and march to the opposite ends of the stage.
scream, thank you very much), flailing desperately for the last remnant of dignity he may or may not have.
“And you appear to be failing yours. As you did in the ministry.”
He crashes onto the roof, nearly sliding off his broom completely, and looks around, disorientated. He hears the whistle of the object moving before he ducks, and he watches as it flies towards Sam.
“Yes.”
He taught Sam back at home.
Sam looks up to see what he’s spotted, and sees two figures on other side of the stadium. They’re approaching their direction, but it doesn’t seem apparent that they’re heading for them intentionally. Dean glances at Sam and they stand and wait, and as they approach, they can hear Castiel talking, rather heatedly, with the Head Auror, Michael; Minister Shurley’s personal bodyguard, particularly for this trip.
Jack was gone.
A rustle of glossy paper, a wide grin.
As they circle each other Lucifer turns his head, looking straight at Dean. He raises an eyebrow. With a casual flick of his wrist, a spell surges towards him, and Dean raises his wand in anticipation, mouth trying to form the words--
Dean holds his hands up. “Alright, sorry. I was just --” Dean frowns. “Wait, do you think he has it out for Shurley?”
Then Sam dives for Dean's pocket and Dean yells (he does
“Thank you all for listening. As mentioned at Breakfast there’s an announcement I needed to make that had to wait for tonight.
“So… how are you, after all that?”
“What? Oh, right. Castiel — Cas — can I call you that? Uh, I wanted to —uh — Just wanted to say, thanks. For saving my life. Last night.”
Castiel bows his head. “I… suppose.”
He feels the flicker of the flames reside, and he opens his eyes.
“Um. Oh--”
“I don’t think anyone would. It’s a good job Castiel was around. Weren’t you able to cast a patronus?”
The reception itself, while modest, was still lavish—the community hall was full to the brim of Sam's college mates, and their own found family—Ellen and Jo, Jody and her kids, all running around the large patch of grass set just outside the function room, French doors open wide to let in the late summer heat.
“He was asking Castiel about you.”
Sam gives him a curt nod. “Auror Michael. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
Apart from one or two truck drivers keeled over a coffee, there isn't much in sight. Dean twirls his keys for a moment as he saunters up to the counter. The sounds of greasy sizzling echo from the confines of the kitchen.
Castiel locks the car behind him and walks Jack towards the house. Castiel glances towards the front windows, and slows. There’s a silhouette in the window, of a man staring at him. When Cas makes brief eye contact, the curtains shift and the man steps away.
Cas looks up to the source of the voice. From the midst of the husk of the building, a woman appears.
Michael.” He mutters, grimly. He looks over to Michael; at this point the best luck they had of Michael reviving was him sitting up to admonish them for gawking at him.
“Oh, hey. You’re Jack’s father.” As though he doesn’t realise. A glance of green eyes towards his name tag. “Castiel, yeah?”
The car collectively sighs.
"Magical, or personal?"
Sam peers over Dean to adjust his own bow tie, and lightly punches Dean in the shoulder. "He's a medic, Dean. Dad was a marine."
"Hey, Dean." She murmurs, and immediately opens her arms for a hug. Dean hesitates for a moment, but then numbly leans into her arms. He feels Jody wrap them around his shoulders and give a light squeeze, but as Dean still feels pretty tense it doesn't last long, and Jody pulls away. She pats at his shoulder.
“That was a very close situation. If I had arrived a few seconds later, I may have been too late.”
Cas smiles, gentle.
Anna pulls Jack through a door on the right of the landing, giving one last look at Castiel before she closes it.
“Jessica… Moore?”
Dean snorts. "Nah, he's here to--"
Eileen looks pale.
“We’re ensuring that won’t happen again.”
“What happened?” He murmurs, before turning his head to see Crowley. His face falls, realisation clicking into place. “Oh.”
"Well, you gotta help me out of these clothes, for starters."
“You, uh. You looking for something?”
them.
The room falls silent.
Cas leans back on his haunches with a blink. Jack is staring at him, seriously, so he spends a moment contemplating the question more than he should. "...He's a very nice man, yes." Cas pauses. "He's very caring, and very funny, and smart."
Some readers might find some of this chapter upsetting regarding minors. Please see notes at the end for full details.
on leaving her door unlocked, but anyone dumb enough to enter the sheriff's premises unannounced probably deserved it.
At the top of the blackboard, so far, is simply one word.
Dean rolls his eyes, but his silence affirms his agreement. Eventually he speaks.
The judge (
"Nice. Kid called Jack. His dad brought him in. His name was something odd. Castiel? Castine? Name sounds European, that's all I remember. Think they're new in town though. Seemed nice enough."
Dean turns his head as Ellen looks up; Sam looms over his right shoulder. If Dean hadn’t grown up with his ever imposing stature, he probably would have jumped out of his skin. Despite not jumping, Dean punches him in the shoulder for good measure.
“Do you --
Dean’s out of his robes in this occasion, but decided to take his brother for one walk around the pitch before heading towards Hogsmeade to visit one of the local taverns. Weekends were a good time.
Sam stares. That explains why the Head Auror himself has come to visit, not some lackey. He’d assumed for a moment it was because Castiel had left.
“… Grindylows?” Castiel questions, and to Dean’s surprise Cas is trying not to laugh. He blinks at him for a moment, unsure how to respond to the brevity that was surfacing within the most serious wizard and teenager he’d ever met.
“… I need to go, Dean.”
Three figures are laid there, unconscious. Jessica Moore. Kaia.
"I'm sorry about your father." Castiel murmurs, eventually. "I understand it must be hard."
Dean and Cas lead a duelling club.
Cas looks at him. Long, heavy. He inclines his head, down.
He’d never seen such a quiet man look so
Frowning, and trying to stave off his creeping sense of dread, Cas answers it. "Hello, Eileen?"
you'd built,
Dean swears, breathlessly. "Son of a bitch." He mutters, opening his eyes. He kneels, straddling the Professor. "You'd better goddamn enjoy the show."
He stops when he nears Anna, and they simply look at each other silently for a long moment or two. Castiel glances down to where Jack is hovering at the door; he clearly wants to see this big meeting.
Another small note - things get pretty heavy and graphic here - but no minors are hurt in the making of this chapter <3
, Dean realises, and he pulls himself to his feet. He glances to Meg who has taken a few steps away to stand beside Lucifer. She pulls her wand out.
Drops of water hang off the metal frame, and, with some hesitance, falls onto the floor.
Castiel nods, and a small but uncomfortable silence settles in around them. He distracts himself by taking time to glance round the room. It wasn't luxurious by any means; just a simple diner with some pokey decorations. It was due for a repaint, and the furniture was clearly outdated and in dire need of replacement.
"No. Get off of me."
“It’s the drawer behind you. Can you pass it to me?” Dean does so, and Cas silently takes it, opening it up beside the quietly sniffling Jack. Dean watches as Cas methodically wipes the mess of Jack’s knees, then gently applies the band aid, artfully covered in brightly coloured dinosaurs. As soon as Jack sees the creatures, he seems instantly appeased.
. Not to mention moving. As strained as he felt about it right now, he couldn't regret this. Not now, that he knew Castiel. Not now, with Dean.
Cas sighs, leaning his head back against the rugged carpet of his floor. "I anticipated a drier reunion."
As much as the bunker had become Dean’s nesting ground, this was the last place he wanted to be.
The stadium that is facing Chuck as he turns around reels in shock, and realisation falls into place for Cas at that moment.
“My name is Castiel. I want to help you.”
Sam stares at him. He's silent for a long, long moment. "Because he's not. From what I understand, he stopped his whole life just to look after a child that isn't even biologically his."
He kneels down, reaching out a hand to wipe at the grime that had covered the plaque.
He looks forward, only to find Cas standing in front of him. He staggers backwards in surprise.
“Good.” He nods. “Claire threw some bouncy balls at one of the other boys which hit them hard in the head, so I had to put her in time out. She told me afterwards it's because the boys were picking on Kaia.”
Alright, Dean will admit it.
The man is busy scanning the room, and does a minor double take at Dean’s voice. “Oh, yeah.” He remarks, still glancing back to the classroom. “I’m here to pick up Jack.”
Dean beams.
Dean throws himself to the bottom of the stadium, legs wrapped tight around the broom as he reaches his arms out. He tackles Cas from behind and they both go flying onto the grass, rolling. The snitch is between both of them, they can hear the distinct buzz, and they tackle and wrestle over the pitch, yelling at the other to get off. Dean eventually managed to lay on Castiel's midsection, digging fingers into the tendon on his wrists to get Cas to let go. Cas resists for a remarkable length of time until Dean puts weight on his elbow and with a growl Cas is forced to open his hand.
Jody stares at Dean. “Go and tell the Professor you’re willing to help run the dueling club.”
“”Yeah, but… what was it like?”
Claire lets her arms fall to her side.
“Were you on your way to see Dean?”
gonna be fine. We’ll figure it out and I
“Very well. Novak, let me see what you’ve produced.”
“He’s after us, Dean. Lucifer wants to kill
Dean flips to it and shows Cas. Cas stares, long, at the name.
There were still some kids running around, pent up energy from a day of staying inside, twisting among tables still covered in glitter and paper from crafts time earlier. It was his first day back at work and
"Actually,
“It’s his favorite. Takes it to bed if he’s having a bad night.”
A pause. "Yeah. I... I think I would like that."
“How’d someone like you manage to shack up as part of the Minister’s bodyguards, anyway?”
Dean bites his lip, staring down at the screen.
The audience ambience suddenly drops a level, and all of them turn to see what the reason is. Chuck has stepped onto the pitch. Michael and Meg are at his side, along with the Headmaster. Cas stiffens considerably.
fail.”
Cas stares at him. "Didn't you have...?" he begins to ask, but doesn't finish his sentence; the guy seems to carry at least
Dean doesn't realise how he's squeezing Cas' arm until a cautious, "Dean?" floats his way, and Dean opens his eyes. Cas is looking at him with a soft frown. Dean lets go, and immediately regrets it.
"Do you like Mr. Winchester?"
A groan rolls from most of the class, but the familiar shuffle of books being put into bags and chairs scraped under desks proceeds anyway. He wonders why there is such pause as they leave until he looks up at the open door to see Dean stood there, staring into the room. He wonders how much Dean heard of the conversation.
“But you’re going to frighten other students, implying that their background dictates whether they’re going to become Dark Wizards or not.”
Castiel feels the rolling heat before screams piece the air.
Cas smiles into his dinosaur mug, in a manner so
Thank you for reading, and you get extra bonus points for guessing the references for any of the chapters ;)
than him. He's so used to Cas standing so tall, it hadn't quite occurred to him before.
?” Cas hisses, gaze not shifting from the spell he’s focusing on. “Dean, that’s--”
He pulls up a chair adjacent to Jack and looks down. It's a sheet he gave a few of the students to trace their ABCs on — Jack was pretty new to the class so he wanted to get some idea of how well versed his literacy was. It looked like he was okay at tracing the letters, but his handwriting was a scrawl.
"I like Dean because I do, Jack." Cas says, voice caught in his throat. He thinks of freckles and broad shoulders, and green, green eyes. Vibrant. "I loved your mom, but I might be able to love Dean, too."
“I’m not his real father.” Cas murmurs, eventually. He holds on tight to the dinosaur shaped mug he was holding.  “Kelly, Jack’s mother, she became pregnant from an older brother of mine. You met him today.”
"Nah, just tidyin' up. What can I do you for?"
“Huh.”
Before he sets off, Dean stops.
Dean falls silent.
“Yes, Meg?”
Fingers stroke through hair, but the trembling does not relent. He sighs, a rock, lost.
"Kosher? Do you think Lucifer
Dean, still grinning, walks his way to the centre of the platform. “But this is just a demonstration, yeah?”
“He’s affecting the judgement of your duties, Castiel. You’re already aware in our field what a danger that—”
Castiel stares at him. Ever so slightly, he nods.
A small groan, the student — Jack — holds the side of his chest. Dean peers over.
“I don’t wanna pry, but—“
“Uh, yeah.” Dean answers, and they walk slowly in silence.
"Did you always want to be a teacher?" Castiel asks, before the silence can strain itself anymore. Dean clears his throat.
Crowley had warned him as much. He knew as much himself. And if Lucifer couldn't do it by any means necessary, he sure was going to impart an example on those who
He turns to the line of students to his right. “Remember, you’re here to help each other, not to bully or tell them how to fall off even further. If I see any badmouthing you’ll be banned from flying and being part of any team for the rest of the year. Do I make that clear?”
Dean is still in his Quidditch gear, having trampled straight off the field.
I used to hold the rank of Captain in the U.S Navy. And I have a crime boss for a brother. I think I'll manage," Castiel remarks, steely. He stares at Dean.
This fortress, their safety, his
“… Yes, Castiel?”
"Well... thank you, Mr. -- "
He tentatively reaches his hand to grasp Cas’ wrists, peeling them away from his arms. He pulls Cas gently towards him as he turns and heads down the corridor.
The security guard blinks at him slowly, and rummages in the tiny desk he's sat behind for a few moments, before pulling out a clipboard with some names. "Yeah, storage container six. Just down the way."
likes you, huh.”
They disapparate, and Castiel loses consciousness as his fingers reach for the book, ink blotching in the rain.
“Uh. Thanks.” Dean mumbles, and leads him back to his car, parked at the kerbside at the end of the path. He opens the passenger door for Cas, waiting until he slides in. Castiel brushes by Dean as he does so, and he can smell the mix of sandalwood, leather and mint that makes up Dean’s cologne (and chewing gum, apparently) as he sits down. He forgets all his creeping concerns about neighbors peering into this moment of his. The door closes beside him and a moment later Dean slides in. He starts the ignition and the Impala purrs to life. Dean glances to his side with a grin, cheeks still tinged.
"Get -- get away from me!"
“What’s your problem?” He mutters, with more grumpiness than he intended. Cas squints, and pushes an envelope into Dean’s chest.
He looks up. With a frown, Castiel grabs the wand on his desk, and makes his way over to the window. He believes he can see an outline of someone outside, but it's rather a ridiculous assumption. He raises his hand to the latch, and swings it open, wand ready.
Dean's shock melts into a soft smile, and he quietly squeezes his shoulder.
“The first aid box.”
We're in the home run! Thanks for sticking with me guys <3
"Yes, I know," Cas says, a little too quickly. He looks down at him. "But we haven't had a chance to go visit his Mom this month."
The night sky, previously littered with hundreds and hundreds of stars, are now blocked with its own cloud of darkness. One that is big enough to cover most of the pitch. One that is descending very rapidly to Dean.
As Dean wanders through, he has to force himself to not get distracted perusing through what’s in here. At random, he opens the box nearest to him, wiping off some of the dust. It's a collection of files, all letters, some legal shit, about some of the coroner's reports and insurance claims on the house... John never seems to have followed it through.
“With all due respect, Minister,” Sam starts, “But why is
Meg is on the ground, unconscious. Cas is still standing, a few strides away from Lucifer – who hasn’t moved an inch from when Dean had last looked. Castiel is soaked, dark hair plastered against his forehead. With a grunt, Dean pulls himself onto his elbows. He’s holding onto his wand so tightly he feels the cramp in his hand, but finds himself unmoving, gaze latched onto Cas. He’s only getting a slight view of the man, but it’s as though Cas is facing a student, not the most feared Dark Wizard of their age.
He turns back around, sliding out of bed, and ignores the shake in his hand as he picks up his wand.
Visiting the cemetery always feels grey, and damp. The mood always feels reflected in the weather, even six years later.
"Do we know anything else?" Jody eventually asks, because Dean sure as hell wasn't gonna manage to make his vocal cords work. Bobby is silent, for a moment.
“So… is there much reason to be concerned? It’s not as though I’ve had no practice.” It’s too dark for Cas to see his reaction, but he shuffles with a grin anyway.
The whistle rings so loudly, Dean tucks away a thought in the back of his mind to threaten detention to Claire if they’ve broken his whistle, tournament or no. That was his favourite whistle, too.
"I had to run an errand for Gabriel earlier. He told me to take the night off."
Professor Naomi paces the front of the classroom amidst a faltering silence. She comes to a stop in front of Dean’s desk, and slides the paper in front of him between her index finger and thumb, peeling it away from him to look at it.
Cas grabs the front of Dean's robes, presses his lips to his. He feels him relax against him, water seeping against his own clothes. Looks like they were both getting undressed.
“Cas?—” Dean murmurs, dazed, while Cas reaches for his wand. He raises it above him, and a shimmer disperses from it, encasing all four of them together in the arc of a shield.
“We’re the seekers. That alright?”
Cas tilts his head.
Dean breathes, again.
“And surely, as the Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor, it should have occurred to you, Castiel, what true danger the Ministry considers Hogwarts to be in if it feels the need to send such creatures. You should be advising the Headmaster to implement further curfews, restricting anyone from being on the grounds alone, especially once it is dark.”
Dean barely acknowledges a hand, firm, grasp around his arm, pulling him to the floor, as the muddled outline of a figure stands in front of him. They raise their wand, and as the soft ethereal glow of a dove glides before the creatures, the spell echoes across the quidditch pitch.
“Correct. But do you know how Dark Wizards are made?”
was put in the right place to carry whatever fucking
.” Jody admonishes, and Cas looks up. “That’s
Cas feels his hand start to hover towards his wand, hidden in the pocket of his waistcoat, until the figure walks underneath some of the candles lighting up the bridge. It’s Michael.
Cas turns slowly to look at Dean. His is gaze impossibly stoic. “Because he wasn’t trying to take over the Ministry.”
,” Dean says indignantly, eyes not leaving the replacement seeker. He’d been looking to, well,
are you ready?"
He's absent-mindedly jangling his car keys in his hands as he walks into the reception area, coming to a stop as he sees Cas and Sam walking out. Good timing, then. He tries a smile at Cas—who isn't even looking at him, staring off somewhere, jaw set. Sam gives him a half-hearted shrug in greeting.
Dean rolls his eyes. "You don't have to bring it up every damn second you see me."
out of practice, even with hefting around a wriggly five year old.
in Scotland, after all. This wasn't exactly the Bahamas.
Someone is walking towards them, and it takes a few moments for him to realise that it’s Sam Winchester. From the frown on his expression, it appears that he heard their conversation.
." He hisses, jabbing a finger in his chest. "You are up to
Anna just shrugs at him. "He’s managed fine before. We'd run out of clean cups."
The staircase groans as it rotates, but Bobby doesn't look up from his desk until he hears the footsteps of the new arrival approach. Bobby glances up, peering over his reading glasses at the figure. He places the quill down beside the parchment.
"Are you ready, Dean?" Cas asks him, pulling him out of his temporary daydream.
"You know as well as I do, that even
“Professor,” he nods, glancing at the student. Kaia looks at Jody, who dismisses her. They nod and run off, grabbing a broom to join the game. Jody turns to Dean, and Dean smiles.
“Then that’s a detention for you
They come to a stop about two thirds down the row, and Cas lets go of Jack's hand.
"Auror Michael, to you." He mutters. "I entrusted responsibility of this duelling club to you to run, Castiel. I am disappointed that you gave such a lacklustre demonstration of what is expected for Duel etiquette."
The house is small, but cosy, and overgrown with succulents. He’s not sure he’s ever seen so many in one house, and Dean has a small suspicion that if Cas could get away with it, he’d replace the armchair with even more of them. The TV is on, some remnant of whatever children’s channel Jack must have been watching just before bedtime. Dean finds himself watching it with the vague curiosity of a missed children’s TV diet.
“Mhm,” Dean said. The cat had curled up on Cas’s lap, claws out and digging into his shirt.
“So,” Dean said, fake-calm, as they waited for the cats to return. “Sam and Eileen are coming this weekend.”
He waited until the next day.
“That bad, huh.”
“How was work?” Dean asked. He perched himself on the opposite armrest of the couch, nervously tapping the ring box in the front pocket of his jeans.
“Have you ever been on a date with him? Does he even know you aren’t just best friends?”
Dean can almost picture the smug smile on Eileen’s face when her next message came through.
Dean nearly choked on his pancake. He’d known that’s what Cas would say, after last night. But he hadn’t been prepared, hadn’t expected the simple honesty that was so very Cas.
“I was asked for a birth certificate. The human race hadn’t even crossed God’s mind when I was created.”
“I didn’t tell her that,” Cas added. “I know you don’t feel that way about me. But I would appreciate it if you could refrain from correcting her about it.”
“Not that kinda wrong. They’re sick in the head.” John Winchester then said “
His first kiss was with a girl named Clarissa. She’d already hit her growth spurt, so she stood a few inches taller than him, and she’d stolen her mom’s makeup and showed up to school every day with purple eyeshadow and pink lip gloss on.
“I’m already up,” Charlie said pointedly. “So you might as well tell me.”
“You’ll get it eventually,” she said, humor suffused in her voice. “It takes practice.”
Dean shoved his hands into his pockets to keep out of the cold and wished he’d brought a hat to keep his ears from freezing but stood in the goat enclosure until the sun had burned off the morning fog and the frost had melted onto his boots. This - the cold air around him, the sun on his face, the bustling of his animals around him - this was home. This was peace.
, but what he said made Dean freeze.
Cas looked over at Jack fondly, and Dean hadn’t had time, before this year, to sit down and watch a movie in ages but he was pretty sure the Star Wars universe still hadn’t achieved peace, but he didn’t mention it because Jack definitely knew better than him and was more hopeful besides.
He couldn’t remember off the top of his head how many times he’d saved the world. But he still felt like he had every time Cas had died imprinted on the backs of his eyelids.
It wasn’t. There was nothing okay about this - that only a few weeks after they’d de-powered God, barely any time at all after they’d gotten the freedom to live their own lives, Dean had his ripped from him. But there was nothing else he could say. Was he supposed to tell his brother it wasn’t okay? To let him die thinking Sam was disappointed in him?
That sounded like a challenge. Actually, Dean was pretty sure Cas had watched a show recently where the contestants did just that. “Watch me. You said yourself it’s been eight years.”
Dean was fourteen, and he’d never had a girlfriend. This was by choice: he had been at five schools in the two years since he’d kissed Clarissa, and she was far from the only girl he’d kissed. A good six or seven girls had asked Dean to a movie, and he’d gladly gone. Every time went pretty much the same:
“Fuck off,” Dean said.
“She’s having kittens!” Dean said again. “Right in front of me! Help!”
“Charlie, he gave up his grace for me. And I’m just… I’ve been in maybe two real relationships, ever. And I fucked both of those up.”
Mabel and Roger left around eleven. They turned on the TV and watched the ball drop in New York, ringing in the new year when they still had another hour of the old one, and then Mabel and Roger piled in their car and ran into every pothole Dean could see in the driveway before fading into the night.
