him's more like it." Cooper laughed. "True enough... but that Sigerson's the first one that stuck his nose in things he had no business with."
Damn, the man really was very clever! John bit his lips together and closed his eyes. "Mike?"
that I never kid around or bother with empty threats?"
"You heard it too!" John roared. "You were there just now!"
"Again?"
"Of course," Jacques acquiesced. "Would you like coffee?"
"John..." Sherlock whispered, kneeling on the armchair so that he had to look up at John. "John... then I suggest you punish me in advance this time."
"That's it... You're actually... you're afraid of hitting me like this." He shook his head. "My God, John! Really! Let it go. I'm not tied up or gagged... If I don't want you to hit me there's no way you'd make contact. Believe me."
"Hmmm," John said, pretending to think it over. "Do you really think you've earned it?" he scoffed.
Now he finally had a name to go with the face.
Sherlock moaned wantonly and rushed to kneel on the floor again and take John's cock into his mouth. He worked carefully, and John was secretly grateful to him for it. He couldn't have withstood any more stimulation. His desire and arousal ran through his body in surging waves. Greater and greater... higher and higher... building up... and now John was right on the edge, about to break apart on the cliffs of ecstasy. And when he did that, he wanted to be one with Sherlock... really, truly one with that warm, willing body...
No, he was certain he didn't have concussion; he hadn't vomited, after all. No, he was sure his nose wasn't broken; he hadn't had a nosebleed, and he hadn't spit up any blood. Did he have blood in his urine? John should have checked that himself when he emptied out the contents of the vase. No, John was not allowed to watch the next time he peed. No, it didn't hurt when John pressed there. No, not there either - at least not until all of John's useless, superfluous poking and prodding started to hurt in and of itself.
Neither of them knew it at the time, but Sherlock would never again spend a night alone in his own room.
At some point, Sherlock realised he was holding himself perfectly still, when his entire body tensed. Only his hips jerked in ever shorter motions, as if under some outside influence, driving his erection in hard, fast thrusts into the back of the couch. Then he felt the first pulses in the head of his penis.
Sherlock returned Mike's frown, slightly confused.
Then, all of a sudden, Sherlock's head flew up, and he let out an intense shout.
The pressure diminishing. Disappointment and relief.
"Sherlock's not a fling," John contradicted him, laying special emphasis on his words.
Sherlock laughed, taken aback. “Sherlock, Mike. Sherlock!” he corrected him, chuckling. “I’m still the same person. I haven’t changed.”
He heard John's soft '
His lips pressed together into a thin, resolute line, and a cold, hard gleam appeared in his eyes.
"Don't send me away," Sherlock whispered in desperation when John didn't tell him to look at him again, instead letting the silence drag on between them.
Semen smeared across Sherlock's stomach...
A direct order. Damn.
“Is that supposed to mean...” Anthea probed with an incredulous expression. “Is that supposed to mean he’s taken on the position of the ... second master of the house?”
"Since..."
– was the main attraction; he was the one who deserved all the attention. John put him first. He, Sherlock – not John's sex organ and its gratification.
Nothing.
Sherlock leaned his head back with an "Mmmmmmhhhhh," and pushed against John's fingers a little more. John could already feel a damp spot which was growing with every passing second. "All right..." Sherlock whispered after a while. "How do you want me?"
"Oh... I don't see it that way … after all, he exposed a few things that I went to a great deal of effort to set up," Moriarty contradicted him easily. "But... I don't want to be unreasonable. If you shoot yourself right here, right now, I'll let him go."
"Fourteen," Victor corrected him. "Fourteen years. And yes, I think you're capable of something like that. You always were violent and unforgiving."
"Nothing yet," Mycroft replied lazily. He felt sleepy and hated the thought of having to leave the bed and the warm body beside him.
Sherlock held completely still, his eyes locked on John's. John reached back, and Sherlock automatically held his breath.
The taste of the cigar
The humiliation caused Sherlock's face to flush, and drove his arousal up to unbearable levels.
Mycroft nodded slowly. "I'll have the recordings analysed."
"On fait ce que l'on peut," Jacques returned modestly, although he was clearly quite pleased at the praise from Sherlock. He straightened the spoons on the saucers with a perfectionistic gesture. "Est-ce que tout vous convient? Désirez-vous autre chose?"
"Don't..." Sherlock begged breathlessly, squeezing all his muscles in order to feel John's wonderful hard length for just a moment longer. "Not yet..."
'. Sherlock was rarely wrong, and no one had contradicted him - neither Moriarty himself nor that Mary. What had Sherlock called her? Miss Moran? Was she related to Sebastian Moran in some way? Maybe his wife? That would explain quite a few things. In other words, she was out for revenge along with Moriarty.
"To my bed, where else?" Sherlock answered, shrugging.
I don't want to say at all that every 'No' is really a 'Yes' underneath, or that a lack of overtly expressed permission is a 'Yes' either. I also don't want to side with those people who say, 'you want it too'. That's not my intention at all. It has to be mutual. Anything else is wrong. And I'm sure that for every woman like the one in that article, there are a hundred others who don't fit that pattern.
'. It wasn't until he repeated the first passage and was playing the smooth, yearning tones for the second time that he realised what he was doing... he'd let his heart speak for him. Loud and clear. He didn't dare look at John. How had he betrayed himself so thoughtlessly? There must be some truth in the saying
John stared off into the distance, his mouth hanging open for a moment before looking at Sherlock again.
"Sherlock?" A cautious hand touched his cheek.
"Sherlock... you know you have a choice. You needn't stay with Watson if you don't want to."
- Original link
... and
“Sherlock? Do you hear me?”
A brief inner struggle was visible on Jacques' face between the desire not to simply waste his carefully guarded and strictly rationed treats and the desire to be of service to Sherlock.
"Ah, Mr Watson," Mycroft said in greeting. "I was just about to..."
"Yes, I believe so," he replied, without any great interest, before addressing the issue that he was itching to have taken care of. "Will you
"And what are you sober enough for?" he murmured.
"Yeah, I
John gave him a broad smile. "You're going to wish you said '
"Mmh..." Sherlock grumbled and kept sleeping.
"He's not angry at me?" Sherlock pressed, his scepticism clear.
Sherlock's lids fluttered again, lowered, and remained closed this time.
... filled with lust ... hot to trot ... seized with a single desire, to feel something in you ... something big and hard ... and then to be fucked ... no holds barred? Do you want a hard cock to make you forget everything until you can't do anything more than lie there – like you are now – whimpering with desire ... begging for release ... so horny it hurts ... your legs spread and your dick dripping ... if it weren't for the sperm stopper..."
John nodded. "That's good, but there's always room for dessert... isn't there?" John lowered the flies of his trousers with a salacious grin.
"ME?!"
When he entered the kitchen, Thomas was sitting at the table devouring a sandwich, while Jacques stood next to the stove in a long apron, stirring a bowl of dough. Mike hoped it was going to turn into those delicious almond biscuits the butler always served to accompany his fantastic coffee.
John put Sherlock back in the same position as before, with the single difference being that he was facing the main part of the room rather than the bed. John let the riding crop whistle through the air a few times before he turned to Sherlock with a tooth-baring grin.
The vibrator provided continual stimulation to his prostate, making his swollen shaft throb. His lips and his throat were bone dry, and his body somehow seemed to belong to someone else.
"No, not..." Mike began, just as his mobile rang. "Ah - right on cue. We'll know more in a moment." He accepted the call and said, "Any news, Rosebank?"
"By all means," Sherlock replied, letting the dressing gown he was wearing slide easily off his shoulders. He didn't have a single stitch of clothing on underneath, and presented his body in all its shameless glory, a fact which was both a pleasant surprise for John as well as the trigger for the first erotic stirrings in his groin.
Sherlock got off his knees and tilted his head to the side, which made him look – despite his size – like an excited child standing before a Christmas tree. His eyes, however, still harboured a strange, sober expression.
my accountant," John retorted with venomous politeness.
kill him," John remarked dryly.
"There's nothing like a satisfying doctor-patient relationship," she declared, with every indication of being pleased with the situation. Her gaze caught on the orchids that Mike was still holding in his left hand. "What beautiful flowers," she purred, stepping closer to Mike, who felt himself growing warm at her boldness. "I love orchids."
Now John was acting the way Sherlock was familiar with. Despite his severity, he was respectful, indulgent, considerate - there was even a certain tenderness. Whereas just minutes ago there had been nothing more than icy control, cold and almost deadheartedness; John had never been more foreign to him, for although he'd been strict and unbending with Sherlock before (just the way Sherlock liked it), there had always been some kind of consideration and respect present that had been completely missing today. Or had it been?
His hand laid itself across his mouth of its own accord, his fingers cutting off the sound – half laugh, half sob – that came out of his throat.
to fix. This time he was going to have to get the frying pan out of the fire himself. Maybe he should start by doing the right thing for once.
"Yes, I was in
"Yeah... no... not really," Greg answered in a conflicting way. "I thought I was... but... when it didn't work with Evelyn... I never thought of another woman... it was always just other men."
John flicked his fingers against the head of Sherlock's stiff penis several more times. Each time elicited the same reaction from Sherlock – a hoarse cry, half a sob, and then, when the first shock had receded, leaving only a weak pulsing sensation, a hungry sigh. John was in no hurry. He took his time, took breaks at irregular intervals, just enough to give his playmate time to recover ... and to avoid his nerve endings becoming unresponsive due to overstimulation.
For the second time that evening, his hand caressed Sherlock's cheek, down his neck, over his chest, his taut abdomen, until he reached the sensitive, swollen shaft, which he then gripped loosely with his fingers. There was a tentative, hopeful whimper of relief, and no sooner had it faded away than John began to make good on his promise, plunging into the more than willing body like a man possessed.
Lestrade gave a full-bodied laugh. "I'm sorry," he said, giggling and out of breath. "But - that's too rich." He wiped tears of laughter from his eyes.
John had included Mike. Not Sherlock.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rum
"It's fine," John assured him, and even though he hadn't wanted to discuss his work with Sherlock, the next words spilled out of him without even passing through a filter. "Awkward business. Policeman." In answer to Sherlock's questioning look - delivered without a trace of horror or any other judgement, as John noted to his pleasant surprise - he added, "I had nothing to do with it. If it'd been one of my boys, they could have bought a double plot. To gun down a police officer - and the wrong one, to boot - is pretty much the stupidest thing you can do. No, it was the Russians. I have to show up, though. It's expected of someone in my position."
Tears welled up in Sherlock's eyes again. But this time they came from a place of deep emotion.
"Yes," Mycroft answered simply.
"His accusation is completely justified," Susan interrupted him sternly. "Of course I had to draw it out of him bit by bit... but after awhile I was able to piece together enough to figure out the whole picture." She took a deep breath. "John - how could you tell that poor boy to his face that you don't trust him?"
“So what? At least I can afford it,” John declared with a bitter smile. “Do you remember Cedric? What he cost me? Or that Swedish model, that Lars... my God – was he high maintenance! And none of them were as good as Sherlock in bed. What's the difference, I ask you? They all only wanted my money – but with Sherlock at least everyone agrees on it from the start.”
"We know all about you," the butler said in a nasal tone, with a slight French accent.
"Three - two - one -" John counted down one last time and struck.
John's knees went just a bit wobbly, and a groan originating deep in his chest made it all the way to his mouth before dying out. Not everyone had mastered this particular technique – God, the tosser was really extraordinarily talented! Everything in John was screaming for someone to start to move, but Sherlock kept perfectly still. John felt the stretched lips, soft and hot against his pubic hair, the moist pressure of the tongue on the underside of his shaft, and the contractions of Sherlock's throat muscles around his swollen glans whenever he swallowed.
John turned around. "And all we can do is stand there and watch with our thumbs up our arses because we'd be taken down for so much as one small hit," he cried bitterly. "I can't run a business like this!"
"Sherlock … I can't."
"Oh my God, John!" Mike cried out in horror. "You killed him! This time you actually killed him!" He reached for the door to steady himself. His eyes were inexorably drawn to Sherlock's face, its deathly pallor emphasised by the frame of dark curls and the surreal red lips.
But before he could remark on it, Sherlock murmured, "Forty-two."
"JOHN WATSON!" Susan shrieked at such a high volume and with such fury that John startled and held the phone away from his ear.
Sherlock – the first and only person who'd looked fearlessly down the barrel of a gun and made threats at the same time.
Sherlock leaned into the gentle touch. "Vatican cameos," he replied obediently, only rolling his eyes a bit.
"More or less," John replied dryly, turning his steps toward the next side chapel with Mycroft following in his wake. "The handful of parishioners here have their own worries, and the tourists are more interested in the organ and the main altar than they are in us." He stopped and examined the painting of Mary Magdalene, to whom the little chapel was dedicated. "Well? How's our dear friend Sally?" John asked in a deliberately disinterested tone.
"Just lean back and enjoy the ride – and if you want another go-round... just scream," John suggested with a lascivious glint in his eye. After a moment, he added dryly, "For Queen and Country."
Irene passed her hands over her eyes in a gesture of exhaustion and resignation. "I was always afraid you'd swap your cocaine addiction for something else," she said quietly. "I always wondered what the substitute would be – what else you'd try to destroy yourself with. Now I know."
Emotions presented an unforeseeable risk factor. He'd found that out all too often in the recent past. A clean business deal, on the other hand – that was much more straightforward, and preferable to anything else in the end.
He was met with a look of confusion. "Pardon?" he heard Sherlock ask.
Queen: „Who wants to live forever“ -
- public venues in London
All of a sudden, Sherlock's focus snapped to a spot behind John's shoulder. His eyes narrowed and he let out a short cry. "There it is!"
The naked union boss, Glendale – the right arm, raised in preparation to strike – the right hand, firmly clasped around a riding crop – the articles of clothing scattered across the floor – and... Sherlock.
"A bit too well, it seems," John countered and took a look around. Beside him stood a waist-high cabinet with various cables and chargers lying on top. John swept everything onto the floor with a single motion, setting his bag in its place.
There was no way he could even think of sleeping anymore.
and was starting to take better care of himself. "That's good. Very good, in fact."
He didn't want John to catch him with it... find it... discover it... worst case, he'd take it away... at best, he'd laugh at Sherlock's sentimentality. Neither option was very high on Sherlock's wish list. His eyes swept uncertainly around John's bedroom until he finally decided - unenthusiastically and only due to a lack of any better options - to conceal the handkerchief in the lining of his violin case. The satin had come off a bit in one place anyway, so it wasn't very difficult to pull it away even more to create a gap between the lining and the box where he could stuff the scrap of material.
The men nodded again, but John knew perfectly well that he'd only bought himself a couple of days at most with his thinly veiled threat before the nasty rumours started to fly, as they surely would.
Doris couldn't think of a single answer to that question. So she changed the topic. "You're going to have a new family. You're going to live with your father and his wife, and... just think, Sherlock! You're going to have a big brother. His name is Mycroft and he's a few years older than you."
He looked up and his eyes met John's, who returned his gaze with a certainty and a light that had never been there before, and Sherlock knew he would never again regret a single decision he'd ever made in his life, as every twist of fate had led him to this point.
"We do what now?!"
It was pure torture, and Sherlock loved every second of it.
. Therefore, it must be something else about Sherlock. It was possible, of course, that John simply hadn't wanted to admit it in front of Mycroft because Mycroft was, after all, Sherlock's half-brother. But it seemed more credible that John was ashamed of having a former drug addict and prostitute for a lover.
John rubbed faster over the hot, hard shaft in his hand, and Sherlock groaned into John's open mouth, although he continued to recline in John's arms, soft and warm and wonderfully calm.
“You want to
John's thoughts ran along a similar track, even though he didn't know why Sherlock had chosen that particular shade of blue. He had also been struck by memories of that day when he'd viewed those walls. But he wasn't thinking of the sky - of the strong impression it had left on Sherlock, which he knew nothing about. Rather, the design which Billy was so expertly daubing onto the wall reminded him of Bach's '
The car pulled to a stop in front of a low, modern bungalow in one of London's outlying boroughs.
"Sherlock?" John called softly, kissing him on the temple before he took his pulse. When Sherlock didn't move, he repeated his name: "Sherlock?" He raised one of Sherlock's eyelids with his finger to check the pupils. An indignant grunt sounded.
. In accordance with her instructions, Sherlock had taken his best, most expensive suit out of his closet, put it on, and gone down to the lounge to wait for his client.
The other men laughed, and Naresh and Dave grinned too.
"You know what, Miss Morstan..." Greg lowered his voice to a conspiratorial whisper. "...I don't believe I do either." A rather inappropriate twinkle appeared in his eye, but Miss Morstan, the bloom of her youth behind her, was no longer prone to lapsing into schoolgirl giggles; instead, she graced him with a gentle smile.
"Do!"
Late that same afternoon, Sherlock was so tense despite all his optimism that it outweighed the doubts he still had regarding Mycroft. Even if Mycroft were moved to extricate Sherlock from John's sphere of influence, John wouldn't just stand by and let it happen. Sherlock was sure of that.
John's expression didn't crack one millimetre as he asked, very evenly: "Sherlock is
"Do you actually know what's down there?" Greg asked, indicating the field in front of them.
"It's not like that," Sherlock murmured.
"You really find this to be an appropriate spot to... discuss certain things?" Mycroft retorted scornfully.
'So be it - then let us begin with the training. Time for those crumbs...'
"I never kid," Mycroft answered matter-of-factly. "But I can't entirely exclude the possibility. To what, precisely, are you referring?"
"BLUE?!" John suddenly cried from behind him, causing Sherlock to flinch. "What happened to the yellow? I thought we'd agreed!"
"And what do I get out of it?" Mycroft returned, most uncooperatively. "This deal seems rather one-sided so far."
He'd made it out just in time.
"Tout est superbe, Jacques," Sherlock congratulated him, his eyes shining and with a light-hearted tone to his voice. "Comme toujours d'ailleurs. Vous pouvez commencer le service. Mais, il y a juste une chose..."
. But I'm mainly using it because MY LEG HURTS! Still!"
There. A new chapter. 23 pages.
And now neither John nor Sherlock was answering their phones, which was why Mike was stopping by on his way home to make sure everything was all right.
"Why... My God, why..."
convincing when he wants to be. But you've probably never seen him like that, otherwise you'd know."
"Mycroft has always been extremely ambitious," Sherlock explained flatly. "His career was always his main priority, and I... I was the blot in his copybook. The pebble in his shoe. The thorn in his side. My sole purpose in life was to make trouble for him."
John made his tongue as long and narrow and stiff as he could and delved further inside Sherlock.
He drove after Greg with a self-satisfied smirk.
Sherlock finally looked up. His eyes were damp and reddened, but he wasn't crying.
Disappointment spread through Sherlock, dulled and diluted his gaze, and left a bitter aftertaste of what-might-have-been on his tongue. Ashamed, he lowered his eyes, hiding his true feelings and keeping the secret of his love to himself.
Fortunately, John's house had a reasonably large hall on the ground floor where he occasionally held parties, and whose acoustics Sherlock deemed adequate. He'd raced through the house as if possessed, looking for a halfway acceptable space, and now he set up his music stand in the room, set the folder with the sheet music on it, and then turned to the large dining table where he'd put his violin and bow. He set the violin to his shoulder with a practised motion, lowered his chin, and closed his eyes for a moment. The feel of the painstakingly worked wood against his skin... the barely perceptible scent of the varnish... it all sent him back several years, and he felt a quiet peace inside that he'd never felt back then. He firmed up his posture, exhaled, and drew the bow down to play the first note.
Didn't people generally go to therapists in order to learn how to talk more easily and openly about their emotions?
"...you'll think of something," Greg said lightly. "I have complete faith in you. And anyway..." he whispered, drawing the word out.
He virtually had to force himself to take the first step.
"I don't want you to leave." John's heart was beating in his throat. Was it really that easy to say the words? So simple? Why hadn't he said them earlier? Much, much earlier?
*********************************************************
Sherlock shook his head. "Not really..." The words seemed to have difficulty getting past his lips. "It's just... unpleasant."
John's right hand grabbed Sherlock's wild curls and yanked his head back roughly, causing him to emit a sharp scream even as he continued to rub his cock against John's.
John rose as well, but neither made made a move to shake the other man's hand.
"Sherlock … if you … in case you..." The words got stuck in John's throat. "I mean, if you want to leave, then..."
"They'll lock you up," Sherlock stated matter-of-factly. "And that... I cannot allow that to happen. It will be
"John..." he finally managed to force out between his lips. "Please... hurt me, pull my hair... so I... I don't want to... come yet."
Irene broke out in bubbly laughter. "Sex. Sex can be bought," she stated dismissively. "In case you don't remember... that's precisely the reason the two of you met in the first place. Someone like the Doc could get sex on any street corner if that's what he wanted."
"Yeah, I bloody well did!" John agreed, unrepentant.
“I fell asleep,” John said. “Just like that. After we had sex. Out like a light. Do you have any idea how much all this driving around takes out of me? I even considered leaving some clothes over there so I'd have something clean to put on if I wanted to drop in on him between meetings.” He took a deep breath. “And before I start setting up house in a brothel...”
"What are you planning?" Sherlock asked. Not knowing – being unable once again to read John's intentions – was a very unpleasant feeling, and yet... arousing.
John tilted his head to one side. A greasy smile played at the corners of his mouth. "You shouldn't have been so cheap with the tips. Something like that will come back to bite you sooner or later."
Mike took a deep breath. When John was in such a terrible mood as this, it was advisable to choose one's words deliberately.
"SHIT!" John screamed.
"Why the hell aren't you scared?!" he roared at him.
John looked out the window, contemplating. "No. I don't think so. I think he's telling the truth. It wasn't him. Maybe one of his people's trying to frame him. That's a possibility." John had been lied to often enough in his life to recognise the signs. Barbie wasn't lying. Or at least he believed what he'd told John.
"Kenneth was my nephew!" Albright roared, incensed.
"I don't think so. I was simply..." Sherlock cast about for the right words. "...younger... more in need of protection. You were so much older than me already. He probably thought you didn't need him as much as I did. But I do know that he loved you at least as much as he loved me.
A whimper escaped Sherlock's lips before he was able to answer. "No... I haven't earned it." The words burned in his throat, droned in his ears, and made his penis swell up just a little bit more.
No sooner was the parachute on and tested than John had affixed two nipple clamps to Sherlock's chest, causing Sherlock to gasp for air.
He heard John laugh quietly before saying with affectionate mockery: "As you wish, your highness." He then rearranged the covers and pressed a kiss into Sherlock's unruly curls.
When Sherlock finally succeeded in eliciting a functional erection from John, his tongue and lips dedicated themselves to John's glans, while his hands moved over the shaft in gentle yet relentless motions.
twice? How long has it been since I've had you over my knee?"
And by the same token, John had never asked Sherlock what had made him offer to make that sacrifice... why he'd thought he needed to do it... what had made him so convinced he was doing the right thing... what he'd felt...
Sherlock blinked.
times..."
"Promise," John demanded so incredibly tenderly that Sherlock's throat tightened up a little.
"Do that, Doc," Mycroft returned good-naturedly, his expression one of utter smugness and self-satisfaction.
John studied his fingernails indifferently. "Where he belongs. At my house."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "If you're trying to squeeze more money out of John..." he warned.
The long hours of work with Mike and Sherlock in his office had been a traumatic experience for John in some respects. Every time Sherlock raised a glass to his mouth, John's thoughts had wandered off in a certain direction. Every time Sherlock had tapped his finger pensively against his lips, John's thoughts had become even more explicit. Every time Sherlock had nibbled on the end of a pencil … John hadn't even known it was possible to be jealous of a pencil.
clever," Sherlock admitted with a crooked smile. "You must have known – or
Confused, Sherlock stopped moving and blinked up at John, dazed. John's eyes appeared almost dark violet and looked down at him with a hint of concern.
Still breathing hard, both men sat on the floor with their backs to the desk, which they were using as a backrest.
John went into his walk-in closet as quietly as possible and hastily got dressed before going back into the bedroom. He gave Sherlock a brief, searching look - yes, he was still asleep - and then left the room.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. "I just can't. On the other hand, I've mastered a great many other tricks with my mouth. Tricks that you haven't taken advantage of in a very long time."
"I'm not just going to
it at all costs. And anything offered as an alternative - rubbing one out on the back of the couch or a couple of fingers up his arse - paled in comparison to his overwhelming desire for a thorough stimulation of his prostate.
one respond when one’s boyfriend decided to break up with them over breakfast because their sex life was shit? “I guess-“
Probably not.
When dawn finally tinged the sky pink, John let him go.
Greg's shoulders telegraphed the moment of his capitulation loud and clear. "Yeah, all right. I'll go check."
John's brain still refused to process what he was hearing in a way that would make sense. It couldn't be that...
Sherlock let his eyes fall slowly shut. “God, yes,” he whispered with barely masked sadness before raising his chin again in a sign of resolve. When he opened his eyes again to look at John, there once again was that calm, resigned acceptance that would always remain a mystery to John. “John, there's no sense in all this. Please, go... don't torture me any longer.” His face bore no hint of his inner conflict, betrayed only by the slight quaver in his voice.
"Do you really think he's going to bring us coffee?" Irene asked with a bemused smile.
“Then...” John stepped back and took a good look at the helpless man before him. “Then I'll untie you and leave.”
But Mycroft wouldn't listen. "Detective Inspector Lestrade just now identified Moran as one of the bombers at the police ball! How can you say it doesn't concern me!" Mycroft blustered on. "The safety of the public at large is very much..."
John clicked his tongue in disapproval. "Still able to form complete sentences, and far too feisty for my taste. I'm going to have to do something about that... but first... if you're not able to control that greedy body of yours, I'm going to have to do it for you. And as luck would have it, I've come prepared for just such an eventuality," John declared cheerfully.
"Yes?"
uninteresting.
The sound of someone clearing his throat sounded like a gunshot in Sherlock's ears, and he flinched, removed his foot from John's lap and sat up straight in his chair like a schoolboy who'd been caught doing something naughty. As soon as he did, he was annoyed at himself.
So that you can picture Sylvia Holmes' sitting room a bit better:
"Okay," he said in what he hoped was an appeasing tone of voice.
"Does he live here too?" was the first thing that occurred to Sherlock to ask.
John pressed the heels of his hands against his eye sockets. "Oh God... I know I'm no saint, and my hands are far from clean ... but I've never sunk this low. Never."
Sherlock took John's hand and led him to his bed.
"Everyone ready?" John inquired. When all three nodded, he reached for a small leather bag that was suspiciously reminiscent of an old-fashioned doctor's case. "Let's go then," he said curtly.
“Because I don't have one,” Sherlock explained simply.
It was slightly difficult to thrust very deep or hard from the chair, but once Sherlock's feet found purchase on the cross bars of the chair legs such that he could hold himself up, it was better for both men. Still, it wasn't the quick, wild union it had looked like it was going to be at the beginning.
"I... I love you, Mama," Sherlock sniffled.
Above him, Sherlock let out a cry of surprise. "Oh, God... J-John... wh-what... are you doing? Sh-shouldn't I... Oh Godddd..." A long, drawn-out moan punctuated Sherlock's stammered sob. It sounded as if he were utterly overwhelmed.
Sherlock was in danger, and he had no way to get him back out... the net that had descended on them unseen was too tightly woven. There was no way... other than to do what had been demanded and go there all on his own.
A dark cloud appeared over Sherlock's brow, and the light-hearted cheerfulness that had brightened his expression disappeared.
"There's something I've been meaning to ask you this whole time... How did you manage to finagle things so that this strait-laced hospital is treating my bullet wound... even wrote it up like that in my chart... yet neither myself nor John have been bothered by the police?"
Mike didn't waste a second before running up the stairs as if he were twenty years younger and eighty pounds lighter.
"That's once we can tick off," John informed Sherlock with an evil grin. "But that still leaves one open." He allowed his gaze to slide down the sweaty body, which appeared both limp and tense at the same time. "I'd better take this off..." John said and touched the delicate metal hook with the ball that was still buried in the narrow, swollen slit.
John took Sherlock on a tour of the house. The ground floor comprised rooms that served primarily business or sociable purposes. There was a spacious, multipurpose hall, an equally generously dimensioned dining room, and John's office wasn't exactly small either.
It was a very effective entrance, and the sight was all the more compelling because John knew Sherlock well enough by now to be aware that the pose
“Because it won’t be play acting! It will be real. It is…”
"Don't talk, fuck me," Greg instructed him bluntly and tugged at Mycroft's tie. "I hope your dick's just as big as I always imagined it."
"It'll all work out," John assured him, and it wasn't just Sherlock he was trying to mollify. "They're still doing what I say... one successful coup will be enough to shut up the masses."
wanted. This was for Sherlock. He'd earned it.
Sherlock lowered the phone from his ear and pushed the end call button as well. Still, he couldn't take his eyes off the silent device for a long time. Did it just seem like it, or had he regained not only his freedom, but also a brother within the space of a few minutes?
Sherlock, having no inkling of John's inner struggle, shook his head. He still wouldn't look at John.
yet."
"Well... that may be," Irene acknowledged, "but you must be getting a few nice little trinkets for keeping your arse at his beck and call."
Sherlock wore the same suit he had on the first time John saw him. This time, however, he wasn't sitting in the armchair waiting for him, but standing – deliberately casual – next to the hearth. A gently bent elbow rested on the mantel. He presented the picture of a perfect, unassailable Victorian gentleman – aside from the fact that he was wearing modern clothing and clutching the shelf. That alone was sufficient to draw John's attention to the fact that Sherlock was more nervous than at their first meeting. He hadn't had to hold onto anything that time.
John didn't want to wait any longer either. He wanted to enjoy the warmth of Sherlock's body as close to his as possible, wanted to feel his damp breath on his skin, wanted to taste the salty sweat on his lips.
"I presume the elections didn't exactly go in your favour. Therefore … help yourself," Sherlock said with a peculiar kind of smile.
"Well... I..." Lost in thought, John wiped his fingers clean on a tissue and stood up. But no sooner was he balanced on both legs again than he stopped and stared off into the distance.
"Miss," Sherlock corrected him softly.
"Never seeing him again would be the right thing to do," John murmured flatly.
His hands, hanging down at his sides, formed into fists and he beat against the door with them.
"A little lower..." he said, and John acquiesced.
"No, no," Sherlock replied, clearing his throat. "It's... good."
“As if that were anywhere near enough...” Sherlock grumbled under his breath.
And to think, it only took two fingers and a little vaseline to transform this arrogant wanker into a horny, quivering pile of desire...
"No," John answered calmly and laid out the salve and latex gloves. "But I would have preferred not to owe him anything..."
"Good," Lestrade said, nodding his head in relief. "At least we got that straight."
"On- on the desk?" Mycroft stammered, taken aback, only to get annoyed at himself for having let his surprise show.
John sat next to him on the bed and lifted his chin with two fingers. "There are other options." It was ridiculous how quickly Sherlock's face could brighten. Ridiculous and... a little touching. John swung his legs up onto the mattress, leaned back against the head of the bed and propped up the pillows behind his back. "Come here," he said softly to Sherlock. "Here... on my lap." He patted one hand on his thigh to make clear what he meant and extended the other arm in invitation.
"All right," John said calmly. "Let's go." Mike released his pincer hold with a relieved sigh. John straightened his jacket and squared his shoulders. "But first I'm going to set something straight." His voice sank to a cold hiss. "No one - absolutely no one - fucks ME in the arse. Got it, Albright? No one fucks me... no one takes me for a ride... no one takes the mick out of me."
“Have you gone completely insane?” Mike finally croaked. “You want to buy a hooker?”
and his heart answered: '
"Bedroom. Bed," Sherlock answered haltingly.
John bit his lip and firmly pressed the final digit of the number. He’d never wanted to lie down on a shrink’s couch before - he’d never seen why it might be necessary, and thought Mike was being overcautious and even a little square. It wasn’t easy to admit to himself that his friend had been right with his misgivings all along.
, and worse. We couldn't put up with it any longer."
'gone'
Doris took a deep breath. "No. She didn't have any debts. She had... a child."
“Dave - you’re just saying that because you can’t stand him,” Naresh said in an attempt to repudiate his argument. “Sebastian Moran saved Mister Watson’s life!”
“That's why,” Sherlock said roughly, watching John over his shoulder.
“Are you writing the reference?” John asked.
“Oh, I don't know,” John managed to say before those hungry lips descended on his again.
"No. I... Mike, I'll ring back tomorrow."
A mischievous grin flitted across Sherlock's lips. "But John... then I'd have to shower again. Some fibres from your clothes might stick to my penis and..."
“It was worth a try.”
"Gregory..."
And Sherlock was good and ready to beg for a good, hard fuck.
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Sherlock's screams resonated throughout the entire room.
"No," John echoed the more relaxed mood. "I'd need a larger calibre to do much harm anyway..."
“I know...” John said flatly. “I know. Still, I'm not going to talk about those things. Got it?”
"Because I don't deserve it," John said gruffly.
"But only from a very great distance with an abominable pair of binoculars," Mycroft tossed back lightly and entered the house.
John didn't know how to respond to Sherlock's monosyllabic reply, so instead he reverted to what he'd originally planned to do, taking the box out of the drawer and setting it on the desk.
Sherlock went to the bay window. On the way, he took note of the house telephone on the nightstand, which also confirmed that assumption. He sat down on the bench, curling one leg in underneath him and leaving the other on the floor. He looked out the window into the garden and saw - through gaps in the dense bushes - the high wall, topped with barbed wire, surrounding it. The driveway they'd come up a short while ago was also cut off by the wall - the only way in secured by a robust metal gate and a security guard.
“My decreasing enthusiasm when we have sex.”
"No doubt in regards to his unfortunate way with words," he countered dryly.
, Goddammit, and I'm..."
“We’re going?” John asked.  “Right now?”
"I don't really blame you for Mary, Sherlock. But it had to look real. He had to believe you were alone, vulnerable. And... okay, I had to know if I mattered to you as much as you matter to me. I *was* still angry, about Magnussen, and the drugs. But it was the hardest thing I've ever done, telling you to go to hell and sending you into this alone."
Danish, John, I suggest we get moving,” Sherlock said, starting off for the bathroom.  Then he hesitated and turned back to say, “Staunton may not be going anywhere for a while, but I’d like to get this resolved and go home.  We’ve been away from Baker Street long enough as it is.”
"You heard me," Sherlock retorted sharply, but he couldn’t stop one corner of his mouth from twisting up into a wry smile.  "But really, we need to keep you warm.  Any ideas?"
John’s thrusts grew faster and needier. Sherlock’s moans grew louder and higher. They climaxed at the same time, pulling each other in for a searingly hot kiss. They caught their breath, pecking their lips together lazily.
One moment, Sherlock's eyes were fluttering closed as he decidedly gave in. The next, they were jumping apart at the deafening crash behind them.
He then felt long, slender fingers slip under the hand he had resting on his knee. They interlocked with his fingers and squeezed gently.
The man turned a sharp corner into an alley instead. They nearly skidded and crashed over each other trying to follow. John regained his footing first and darted into the alley.
Lestrade and two nearby officers quickly exchanged looks before relenting and helping him wrapping the rope in several tight loops around his waist. Once a secure knot was tied, the rope was hooked onto the pulley where normally a bucket would be pulled up.
“I don’t do
“Won’t be so interested when she finds out he sucks his thumb in his sleep.”
They were playing good songs, he thought. Oldies, classics. Songs that the people of this party’s age group would recognize and reminisce in.
He remembered the night they returned home after the bomb incident at the pool. Standing squished together in the doorway, neither wanting to enter first. Sherlock asked again if he was okay and they had looked at each other with an intensity he had never experienced before. He had looked at Sherlock’s lips and begun to lean in but Sherlock had moved.
“No."
Thanks for reading, and please comment if you can!
(See the end of the chapter for
He led him to the wall and showed him the scratches.
“I’m surprised actually,” he said, in an attempt to change the topic. “I haven’t dreamed about Afghanistan in ages. These days it’s usually about you or Mary.”
"Will you or will you not be continuing with your plans for catching Moriarty? Or is lover boy all you care about now?"
“He’s done it before, I know. Die for you. And this is how you repay him. Heartlessly torturing him. Leading him on and then pulling away at the last moment.” Her exact imitation of Sherlock’s phrasing chilled him to the bone. “Late nights up together, sharing a bed, dinners, dancing. You two are quite the pair. Too bad none of it mattered.”
“What’s different this time, John? Of course we’re still up against a human.”
Heat. And passion.
“Nonsense. I’ve already RSVP’d for the two of us. Be ready at 7. See you later.”
“I’m Stacey,” said the blonde. “And this is my friend Julia.”
“No. I don’t want to hear anything you have to say. Don’t speak. And don’t move.” Ray nodded frantically and clamped his mouth shut.
Sherlock stopped abruptly, causing John’s nose to smash right into his back.
“Sherlock, look at me,” he coaxed, much more gently this time. “Please… please let me in.” He took the detective’s wet face in his hands and angled his head towards his own. Sherlock sniffled softly in response.
“Everything I ever did was so that I wouldn’t lose you, John. Everything.” The quiver in her voice didn’t fool him anymore, she was - above all - a liar.
“Well, Johnny-boy, I hate to break it to you, but Sherlock here has not been entirely honest with you,” he said as if talking to a five-year-old. “You see, he owes me. He owes me a fall.”
Sherlock’s parents had come too. They both gave him hugs and well-wishes. Molly congratulated him as well, and as soon as she was done, John was nearly knocked backwards from the force of the hug that came flying at him next.
He grabbed his arm and pulled him towards his laptop. He had several ancestry documents and records of family history already pulled up.
Sherlock stilled his fingers around the knife. Of course.
“A better option than what?”
“I did.”
was, today I’ll look into the cases of the other children that disappeared before Gina’s suicide. You can research her background in witchcraft. Find out why she might have targeted the children.”
But he couldn’t talk about it now. Not just yet. He leaned in to try to capture Sherlock’s lips again, but he pulled back.
"All with the intention of tracing the pattern back to Moriarty himself?"
“No, it’s…. I’ll do it myself.” He disappeared down the stairs leaving a confused Victor squinting after him.
Panic and dread rose in his chest before opening his mouth to try to back out of what he had just done.
One hand found a home in his curls, and the other roamed his muscled back. Sherlock was sucking at the base of his throat now, no doubt leaving a mark. John was ever so grateful for the wall supporting him, as his weakening knees would have definitely given in by now.
“Be right back,” he shot and practically bolted out of the room. It was the kind of “Be right back” that meant he was leaving and not returning.
Sherlock sat in stunned silence for a moment. He had half a mind to call Mycroft and tell him off for meddling in things that weren’t his business. He knew Mycroft paid no mind to boundaries, but this was far out of line. Though looking at John’s face, he didn’t seem too bothered by it. Rather, he seemed contemplative. Sherlock chose is next words carefully.
The front doors opened to reveal a grand entrance. Not at all what one would expect from the outside. A circular chandelier hung low from the ceiling, centered in between two curved staircases leading to the same second floor hallway. The interior of the house was mostly wooden, dark in color with an almost reddish glow. The deep burgundy walls were adorned with lantern lights that cast a warm glow throughout the area.
“Really?”
He let his head fall back against the wall and pushed his hair off his forehead. He hadn’t cried like that since Sherlock’s death. And just like then, instead of it feeling good to let everything out, all he felt was empty and horribly sick to his stomach.
“You’re welcome.” Another prolonged stare. After several moments of unbroken eye contact, John clamped his hands on his knees as if to rise from the chair.
At this, Sherlock gave a tiny gasp, and looked up up at John, his eyes wide, vulnerable, and glistening with tears. A large lump bobbed in his throat as he swallowed tightly. The anger on John’s face from yelling at Mary softened into a small smile. A private smile. One that was reserved only for the person he loved most in the world.
“Oh yeah. Met him yesterday. He and Sherlock, aren’t they…?” Molly looked at him curiously, and John realized how his inquiry must have been interpreted. “No, I just meant, I heard something…”
“Wait, sorry. So Sherlock wasn’t . . . on a case?”
“He offered me money. To spy on you. As a litmus test for my loyalty, I suppose?”
“That . . . was my mum’s last name.”
“I don’t know.
He slumped forward onto his shoulder.
“Sod the-? What’s gotten into you?”
He directed his light to the Hebrew letters carved into the floor, the same way “Christine” was scratched into the cellar wall.
“I’d love to.”
Sherlock smiled warmly and took his hand. “I think I’d like that very much, John.”
“Well, I’m glad you did. You’re doing the right thing.” Sherlock looked up at John with big eyes, the usual protective shields completely absent from them. The softness in his face completely melted John’s heart, and he showed it with a warm smile.
“Yeah, just like that, love,” he breathed without even thinking.
John reddened slightly as he realized Sherlock was still on top of him.  And he himself was still holding his wrist and touching his face.
“Oh, I see. So you and him…,”
“Yeah, I know. But not anymore. That was years ago.” John didn’t miss how she turned to gaze sadly towards Greg manning the wheel masterfully. He took the opportunity to sneak another glance at Sherlock, but nearly jumped when he saw he was already looking at him from across the ship. Neither of them looked away. John ignored the little flip his stomach did and struggled to read the man’s expression. Apologetic? Sorrowful? Almost… longing?
He tried to sit up, but his whole body screamed in protest. A burning sting exploded in his side.
“Where the hell have you been?!” he barked. Sherlock looked back at him confused.
*****
"I know." Sherlock breathed out a slight sigh of relief. It was nearly silent, but John heard and felt another wave of guilt for his cruel rejection. Although he knew he owed the man an apology for his little outburst, the words stuck in his throat.
They both knew he had nothing to “catch up on.” He had spent the whole day watching the news and crap telly, and reading his old blog entries, bored out of his mind.
“Mrs. Hudson! Sorry about that. I was just heading out.”
“Sherlock,” John mumbled, rubbing his face again.
She turned to stare longingly after Stacey. “At least Sherlock noticed what you were doing. Stacey didn’t even look once . . . I brought her here tonight because I thought maybe . . .” She shook her head to clear it.
He stifled a laugh at that last thought.
“I mean, who could blame you, honestly. I really am quite charming, as you so kindly stated in your blog entry about said evening,” he said smugly.
John was shoved down to his knees by a pair of rough hands. His blindfold was yanked off leaving him looking up at two large, burly men snickering down at him. One was a brunette and one had a short blonde ponytail. He knew that by this time, the pirate ship had sailed far out at sea and his friends were miles behind him. It would be pointless to try and run.
“We’ll need to sleep on separate floors to monitor unusual nighttime activity to the best of our abilities.”
They looked at the gun and then at each other. John started towards it, but stopped when she made a move towards Sherlock instead.
“Our future,” Sherlock repeated, sounding a bit like a question.
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he told himself not to do this. That he was approaching dangerous territory. A soft mental alarm wailed in warning, but he ignored it over the warm, fuzzy buzz that had taken over his brain and body. He felt so good right now. So right. He wasn’t that drunk, after all.
He lingered for a moment when only he and Sherlock remained on deck. After a full day of working alone and thinking to himself, he concluded that there never was any attack. Sherlock must have called off the order or something. He felt a slight pang for not giving him a chance and meeting him in his room to explain, but part of his disappointment remained. He needed confirmation, and he felt he owed the man at least a chance at explaining himself before deciding whether or not to ditch the crew.
When he pulled back, Sherlock smiled in that way that beautifully crinkled the skin around his eyes. He took his hand, and together, they walked into their shared flat. Flatmates, one again. But this time, also partners, in every sense of the word. The two of them against the rest of the world, just like it always had been and always would be.
“Yes, that sounds lovely! Let’s all four go,” Stacey piped in. John allowed himself to be dragged by his arm to the floor, following behind Sherlock and Julia.
“It’s superficial,” John said, imitating what Sherlock always said about his own injuries.
He never should have let Mary play him like this. He never should have lost control of his life.  He never should have led Sherlock on when he knew there was nowhere they could go without putting themselves in danger. But most of all, he never should have let himself fall in love in the first place.
*****
“I did,” Molly interjected. “If the files are gone, there’s been a theft.”
He froze and looked around him. The sheets to his left were disturbed, and the door leading to the hallway was slightly ajar. Sherlock had woken up, seen them sleeping together, and left.
“We can take it from here. Go get some rest.”
“Mary?” Sherlock inquired.
“Yes?”
He turned around without waiting for a response from Mycroft and found the exit still blocked. After a moment, the two men still didn’t move. John gave a frustrated sigh and turned back around to find Mycroft grinning strangely at him.
Molly glanced at John and realized he was finally awake and looking at her. She gave him a soft, tired smile, which John returned. No words necessary. She suddenly winced in pain, and her attention was brought back to Greg tending her wound.
Sherlock quickly unfastened his belt and pulled it loose. He unbuttoned him and pulled his zip down, wriggling his trousers and pants off his hips. They couldn’t get off fast enough for him. Once off, they were cast aside carelessly, and Sherlock lowered down between his legs once again.
John’s hands clutched the edge of his chair so tightly it hardly felt like there was anything between the wood and his bone. He kept his eyes fixed firmly on his sandwich in front of him, which now seemed as unappetizing as the stringy hairs between Victor’s eyebrows.
John leaned forward and whispered, “Doesn’t mean I’m not pleased to see you.”
“Our lives have been at stake on numerous occasions before, John. We always make it through.”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his waist and back, pulling him in tight. His fingers curled into his shirt, gripping the material as if he might vanish from between his arms at any moment. He pulled back to catch his breath, but John chased after his lips, closing the distance between them again.
he thought breathing heavily.
But him? In a relationship? He just doesn’t seem the type.
*****
When the sky began to darken, he got a call from John.
“What’s going on is Phil needs to stay in his fucking place,” Tony said.
When he looked back up, he flushed with embarrassment at the knowing amusement in John’s eyes, which were still fixed directly on him as he waited silently. But Sherlock didn’t speak. He only watched. Watched as John momentarily dropped his gaze to the freckles on his neck before settling back on his eyes, eyebrows still raised in almost a challenge.
“To bring John some food.”
John pounded frantically on the door, screaming like he never had before in his life.
His head hung low, as if he knew he was wrong and couldn’t deny it any longer. John decided not to bug him about it quite yet.
“As always,” he hummed and allowed John to press against his bare back and slip into a content slumber.
John’s panic quickly transformed into rage as realization dawned: Sherlock had somehow ensured that he would be the chosen victim.
“Get off me, you prat!” He shoved Sherlock hard, rolling him off of him and onto the ground with a thud.
He struggled to prop himself up on his elbow, despite the sharp ache in his side. He looked frantically at the door to his left and then to his right.  Sitting in a chair right by his bedside was Sherlock, alive and breathing. Apart from the decent-sized bandage on his head, he looked relatively well. Exhausted and worn, but well.
He punctuated each sentence by swiping a tear off his face with his thumb.
Over the past several months, he had truly convinced himself he could rebuild his life with Mary. Forget her past. Raise their child. Move on. If he was stuck with her, might as well at least try to be happy.
“I’m not your patient, Sherlock, and I’m not a fragile little flower that you need to keep at home to protect.”
But when Josephine told them about her grandmother who was found dead on the property several years ago, he began to lean forward, drinking in her words. The grandmother, Gina Walters, had hung herself shortly after her second child had mysteriously gone missing. And that was when Josephine remembered odd things beginning to happen in the mansion. There were rumors in the family that Gina had practiced witchcraft, and had somehow cursed the family. But they were nothing more than that - rumors.
When they reached the bottom, Sherlock was on top trapping John down with his weight. He scooped up an armful of hard-packed snow and smashed it into his face, rubbing it obnoxiously into his hair and cheeks.
“Sherlock . . .” He blinked slowly, managing to stay awake, but barely. He had to fight for Sherlock . . . couldn’t die . . . not now . . .
he rationalized to himself.
“You’re wrong,” he said, practically panting with fury. The heat rose up through his body and reached his face. “And we’re not scared of you or Moriarty. There’s nothing you can do to us.”
Sherlock grinned suggestively at her, dipped his head, and kissed her full on the mouth.
“What the hell are you doing?!” Sherlock bellowed furiously, clearly panicking. “Don’t just stand there, you complete fool! Prepare firearms! Arm your men!
“Well you can bloody well trust the
“It may surprise you to know I am actually fantastic with children.”
“No ’m not,” Sherlock slurred, leaning into him slightly.
Sherlock was absolutely trying to initiate one of those nights. But this time, after everything they’d been through, there would be a different mood hanging in the air, and they both knew it.
Sherlock looked into his eyes but didn’t stop him from continuing.
He slowly pushed the door open to see Sherlock in a plush armchair with a blue blanket wrapped snugly around his body. His feet were in a bucket of what seemed to be steaming hot water. His black curls, sticking up in all directions, were still damp and seemed to have been tousled roughly with a towel. The sight was almost humorous. John had never seen Sherlock outside of his pirate captain attire, confident and firm. Here in front of him now, he looked almost childlike.
“It’s a new coat isn’t it?” he said without a second’s hesitation.
John’s head was tilted upwards as far as he could reach. As the water rose over his cheeks and chin, he took one final breath and was submerged.
"A scavenger hunt, John?! Really?"
He knocked softly at the door and waited. The violin screeched to a sudden, angry halt.
“Thank you, John. If you don’t mind, you look quite handsome as well.”
Throughout the week, Sherlock continued to invite John on cases. And John continued to decline. He spent all day at work, and was quickly running out of excuses to not be home with Sherlock in the evenings.
Next to him, Sherlock remained still as a statue as Julia leaned in and began whispering in his ear. John’s vision went red, but focused his attention in on Stacey.
I hope you all enjoyed this chapter!
"My family was quite well off growing up. Both my parents held impressive government positions and were widely known for their philanthropic and charitable work throughout the whole country. Mycroft and I lived with them and a large number of staff members and servants in our mansion." John grinned slightly at the prospect of Sherlock being a child once, but stopped when he caught Sherlock's expression. The man was still staring down at his hands in his lap, but this tale was clearly not one he was thrilled to be retelling.
~~~~~~~~~~
“How’d you hear me, anyway?” John asked as they ascended back to the main floor.
John felt his face physically pale. “Oh my god . . .”
When it was finished, they spent a long moment catching their breaths. John kissed his throat again, and sloppily smeared his mouth over his clavicle before rolling over onto his own side.
“I was supposed to give this to you over a candlelit dinner at Angelo’s. He stopped and faced Sherlock, handing him the bag. “It’s your present.”
John looked behind him and found the two suited men now guarding the entrance to the garage. Or perhaps they were blocking his exit.
His eyes darted down to John’s throat. He reached out and touched his thumb to the spot where his skin had broken.
In the weeks and months to come, John’s wound healed over completely, leaving only a small, shriveled up, scar in its place. He was soon able to start moving normally again, going on cases with Sherlock, and sleeping with him regularly. And boy, did he make up for lost time.
It was the softest, most tender kiss he had ever felt, filled to the brim with love, commitment, and certainty. He pulled back, pulling his bottom lip out with him as he did so.
“You know,” Sherlock started, looking away from John as well. “I uh… I wasn’t finished with my, er, payback. For the um … the snowballs…”
John’s heart nearly leapt a foot out of his chest. He swallowed and chose his next words cautiously, careful not to sound too hopeful. “So, what you’re saying is-”
“Why not? Please tell me,” John resumed stroking his cheeks with his thumbs. As normal friends would do, he said mentally. He knew he was crossing many lines here, but his and Sherlock’s relationship was never what anyone could call “normal” anyway. “You know you can tell me anything, Sherlock.”
There was a fine layer of dust on top of every surface in his room. No one had cleaned it. Everything appeared to have gone completely untouched in the months he was away. Except the bed, he noticed.  The sheets were clean and slightly ruffled, as if recently slept in.
Sherlock has an epiphany and Mary receives a visit from an old companion.
Sherlock’s hot, wet mouth engulfed him halfway down. He bobbed up and down a few times, going lower and lower each time, and sucking unbelievably hard.
Sherlock stopped in front the kitchen table on Saturday morning.
He tried to hide his disappointment when Sherlock snapped right back to business. Whatever was just about to happen had dissolved into the air - the moment lost forever.
The woman looked carefully between the two of them. Her firm expression melted into one of warmth and hospitality.
“If you insist.” Sherlock leapt up and dove into their shelves, shoving things about and tossing items behind him. "Honestly, John, if you insisted on doing something for my stupid birthday, a simple dinner date would have done."
“Yes, well . . .” he trailed off, his face red as a tomato at this point. They met eyes and burst into shared laughter at the memory.
Okay, fine. Yeah, he admired Sherlock. Quite a lot, actually. The guy had provided him with the adventure he missed. And he was a pretty fascinating bloke. No one can deny that.
“I will find you,” he managed to stutter before repeating with more conviction, “John. Hold on. I will find you.”
He curled his fists and stormed towards John all while getting pelted with snowballs to the face, the chest, the shoulder, the arm.
They kissed like they had been doing it since the dawn of time. Like it was a choreographed dance, and they could predict each other’s every move. Like they were a single unit, moving in harmonized union.
“Budge over.”
As their handshake came to a stop, neither let go. Sherlock’s smile grew. He thought maybe, just maybe, he might have to thank the host after all.
“Right away. On the house.”
Sherlock wanted to tell him not to worry, that no injury on his own body mattered as long as they were alive. But his voice failed him as he lost himself in John’s eyes, relishing in the fact that he was here. He was alive and he had come for him.
John groaned and fisted his curls. Sherlock kissed and kissed his nipple with pure adoration, stroking the other one with his thumb. After a minute, he switched and gave the right one the same attention. He licked and plucked at it with his teeth, all while his hands roamed firmly up and down his sides.
John cast an arm over his forehead. Hearing Sherlock silently slip behind his door was almost worse than hearing him slam it after he had yelled at him the other day.
he begged silently.
“I love you, John,” he said, and kissed the tip of his cock.
“And?”
Sherlock chuckled warmly and pulled him back in by the waist. “Well, it was nice of her to provide us with some post-sex snacks, don’t you think?”
And it was like getting a child into a winter coat on Halloween night.
“Here to question me again?”
He swallowed hard, his Adam’s apple bobbing.
“So did you know? That you were going to survive when you agreed to jump? Or did you think of the rope after?”
“Sherlock, listen. One more thing. While we were in there, Mary said something that got me thinking.”
“Enter.”
The door creaked open without invitation. The first sign of something amiss. Slow footsteps approached. Sherlock’s brow furrowed, his body tensing and alert. With a single look, they agreed to confront whoever was in their midst together.
He was relieved at the miscarriage because it allowed him to escape a toxic relationship. End of story. Under other circumstances he would have loved a child in his life. Mary only wanted the baby as a tool to control him. John’s stomach churned at the reveal of how she really felt about their unborn daughter.  She would have been a terrible mother to her and John was now even more relieved that she would never have to be raised in their household.
When John’s eyelids cracked open, all he saw was fuzzy gray. His head pounded as he remembered the events from earlier in the day. Victor and his boys rebelling against Sherlock, Molly getting shot, him getting chased down and beaten to a pulp, and finally being threatened in order to force Sherlock into revealing the location of something Victor wanted.
“Yeah, well then maybe your captain should come deal with me himself instead of leaving his two beefy thugs unsupervised with a gun.” The man narrowed his eyes, growled and shoved John back against a tall wooden post, his feet still dangling off the ground. John was beginning to realize this could end very badly for him. His mouth had gotten him into sticky situations before, but nothing like this: two men, both larger than him, ready to pound him into the ground while he was pinned helpless.
She nodded, although she wasn’t quite sure what he meant. “Jim. We can’t just go back to the way things were. I’ve made a life for myself here. I’m Mary Watson now.”
John walked past him chatting with someone who looked nearly identical to Greg – perhaps his brother or something. Sherlock followed behind them, looking for a way to intercede and regain John’s attention.
John snorted and choked on his water, resulting in them both laughing way too loudly to be considered appropriate. Sherlock regathered his composure fairly quickly, but John couldn’t contain himself once he had started. He clutched his sides and pressed a napkin to his mouth as the water began to dribble out.
“I bloody hate it, if that’s what you want to know. I hate every damn day of my life I have to go back home to that . . . stranger.”
John waited, but Mycroft didn’t elaborate.
Irene was doing well for herself in the States. She found her niche in photography and had even enclosed a lovely picture of herself in the letter. She looked about the same. Just freer. She was happier, even though she wasn’t smiling in the picture. Sherlock could see it in her eyes.
“So. Now that we’re all behaving like adults again,” Evans started.
John’s stomach fluttered at the mere thought of it. All those years of longing, waiting, and repressing his feelings, it could very well all be worth it . . .very soon.
About an hour ago, they had shaken hands on a tarmac and said their permanent goodbyes. Then Sherlock had turned and walked away, never to see him again . . . never to hear his voice or inhale his scent. Never to be graced with his laugh or feel his touch. He left and intended to die on that plane as he held his hand to his lips, hoping for the memory of John’s skin on his to be the last thing he felt.
“The one that I want. You are the one I want, ooh ooh ooh”
He laughed as he took out the next item. The ashtray from Buckingham Palace. Sherlock had stolen it just to make him laugh. He smiled and shook his head at the memory of him grinning proudly to himself and nonchalantly tossing the tray up in the air.
“Nothing. No sorry. I was just trying to figure out how desperate he must have been to lower his standards enough for you.”
“Precisely.” The corners of Sherlock’s lips twitched upwards in that unsettling way when someone caught his interest. The fear John had seen earlier was gone. In its place was a drive - a set determination to solve this.
“John,” he said urgently. “Come to Baker Street immediately. Bring Mary’s flash drive.”
“John. Are you alright? For god’s sake, say you’re alright!”
John couldn’t find his voice, but he managed a single, sheepish nod. Evans lips curled up into a sinister smile. The jagged scar over his eye twisted under the movement. “Good man. I knew you’d understand.”
Leaning on the edge of the ship, he looked out into the deep, indigo water, calm as he had ever seen it. He heard light, cautious footsteps approach, and in a moment, Sherlock was next to him gazing at the vast ocean ahead of them. Neither of them spoke or moved for several minutes, before Sherlock decided to break the silence.
“Sounds fantastic.” With that he was gone.
“Now?”
“Sherlock… I… I,”
She chuckled again, fully aware of what he was doing.
Sherlock passed them over without opening his eyes. They rode in comfortable silence, with the only sound being the occasional crispy crunch. John pretended not to notice when a large, bony hand slipped in every now and then to take a few.
A little fluff for ya before we fully jump back into things :)
When Sherlock was practically shaking, he pulled back. Crossing his arms at the bottom of his jumper, he made to remove it. But he moved too quickly, triggering a fiery pain shooting through his side. He winced and gripped his wound.
Then came a hard thud in front of him. He opened his eyes and saw Moriarty falling to his knees, his glassy eyes looking right through him. A dark circle expanded on his chest and pooled down the front of his white shirt. He fell forward face-down with a final thud.
John tried to move between the two of them, but Tony cocked his arm back and swung at him with full force. He managed to duck in the nick of time, and Tony’s fist collided with the wall instead.
Sherlock thought, and took a deep breath.
“Then how will you-”
He plummeted past the ship’s several levels before smacking straight into the frigid cold water. The ocean violently tossed him around before he finally began to swim. The rope gave him plenty of slack as he wrestled the waves and called out Sherlock’s name.
*****
Sherlock couldn’t resist a bashful giggle slipping out of his mouth.
“I’m okay, Sherlock.” he croaked. He might have a mild concussion, he assessed, but no major damage done. Sherlock pushed his fringe out of his face and dropped a quick kiss onto his forehead.
When Sherlock twitched in his sleep, he climbed on top of him, straddling his hips. He lowered himself down and began peppering loving kisses all over his neck and shoulders. Sherlock’s brow furrowed as he gave an annoyed little grunt. John chuckled and kissed his cheeks, his ear, the side of his nose.
John hauled him up to his feet, supporting him from under his arm.
“SHERLOCK!” John bellowed at the top of his lungs. But with the howling wind and ferocious waves, he could not even hear himself. Another aggressive wind smacked into Sherlock leaving him dangling above the water by one slipping hand.
John gaped at him. “Are you fucking kidding me?”
Sherlock leaned down and kissed him on the forehead, just the slightest brush of his lips. He continued down, kissing his eyes, his nose, his cheeks, whispering his name between each peck, before finally reaching his lips.
“You play often, Phil?” he asked as he leaned down and took aim.
But Irene wanted a true fresh start. So she left for America. Sherlock wondered about her every now and then, but never heard from her again. Now, nearly four years later, he certainly never expected to receive a six-page letter from her in the mail.
“Okay. How does Chinese sound right about now?”
“And…” Sherlock took his hat off and held it tightly, almost like a security blanket. “I soon realized that you really did know nothing. And that the drugs for some reason enhanced your nightmares. You were screaming and thrashing and… John, I’m so sorry.”
"J-John. I n-need you. Inside me. Now,” he forced out.
“Full name and address?”
John slumped against the door, the blazing hot guilt ripping through his chest. Perhaps now wasn’t the best time.
John’s stomach ached. Thai food with Sherlock by the television sounded wonderful.
He didn’t go to sleep. No, he stayed up chastising himself for his careless behavior. He had allowed himself to get a little too comfortable, spent just a little too much time giggling with Sherlock, and before he knew it, had lost all sight of his intention to remain distant.
“Sherlock will be bringing the tea in a second.” he said. After a few, long minutes, Sherlock served them tea and relaxed back in his chair. He proceeded to discuss the case calmly, while John kept his reddened, scalding hot face down, not saying a word the rest of the time.
“Wait, no!” Mrs. Hudson exclaimed. But it was too late. Sherlock yanked the oven door open, and a large puff of dark smoke erupted into the flat. An alarm blared as the three of them made their ways to to door, coughing into their sleeves.
He turned on his side and drifted into a fitful sleep.
Sherlock lunged forward and captured his lips again hungrily, pushing his head to fall back onto the top of the chair.  He moaned into his mouth and climbed fully onto his lap, kissing slowly along his jaw and all the way up to his ear.
John thought.
**********
And so they became a team. Jim and Annie.
Sherlock looked down, not eager to admit defeat. “Nothing. He didn’t talk.” As Victor opened his mouth, he was immediately cut off. “Save it. I know. This one is being particularly obstinate. We’ll just have to go about it differently.”
It was all or nothing now.
“So that beer stain in the carpet. You got that out, then?”
“Talk to me,” he pleaded. All he got was Sherlock clenching his eyes shut harder and hiccupping softly. John patiently brushed the tears off his cheeks with the pads of his thumbs.
When John opened his eyes, all he saw was white. Just white.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John asked gently when Sherlock’s shaking had calmed down a bit.
“Yes?"
“How do we get rid of it?”
After stepping side-to-side for some time, Sherlock lifted his hand slightly. John picked up on the suggestion. It was the beginning of a routine they they had done countless times during the dance lessons.
Sherlock led John upstairs and pulled down the ladder to the attic. The two of them climbed up, flashlights in hand. He showed him the box where he’d found the Ouija board and other paraphernalia.
“Umm, excuse me?” John said, taking a step forward to signal that he wanted to pass. His body heated up inside his jacket, despite the evening chill. Adrenaline coursed through him, almost as a conditioned response. The men still didn’t move.
Tony sat across from him, quietly seething with barely contained contempt. Sean, meanwhile, seemed to be avoiding eye contact with either one of them. Instead, he fixed his gaze towards Evans in a forced, almost unnatural way. John forced himself to sit up straighter rather than shrink under Tony’s glare, if only in a show of defiance.
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe because you are the one behind bars at the bottom of a pirate ship, and I am more than capable of letting you starve.”
Next was – oh god – John’s gift to Sherlock from their last Christmas together at 221B. A hand-made, yellow and black striped pocket magnifier. John knew he liked bees. He had about six encyclopedias on them as well as a poster up in his room. Not to mention that on the first (and last) time Sherlock was ever allowed to choose the film for movie night, he picked a bee documentary.
Sherlock removed his arms from the counter and stepped back only slightly. John still had to push past him to make his way back to the living room empty handed.
“You always hear about people striking deals with these things, right?” John knew how completely ridiculous he sounded, but he pushed on. “Maybe that's what Gina did.”
“This man is a business thug. He runs several companies that all operate in a complex network composed of blackmail, bribery, back-alley deals, and crime. He’s the kind of man who always gets what he wants. The money he earns for himself and for his business is tarnished. Almost never acquired legally.”
“Yes?”
“What now?”
“Sherlock,” he started again. “Maybe there’s another way we need to look at this.” When he received no response he continued. “Whenever this thing messes with us, it’s always been-”
Sherlock hissed approvingly through his teeth before guiding his face back up and sucking his lips back between his own.
Sherlock sat up and undid his own belt buckle and pants. He slipped them off, freeing his own hardened cock. After lubing himself up, he crawled back over John, his arms on either side of his shoulders. John spread his knees out even further as he positioned his cock at his opening.
“Of course.”
John couldn’t deny the wetness on his cheeks. A few silent tears had escaped his eyes. He drew in a shaky breath trying to rid himself of the guilt burning a hole through his chest.
“I’d say so,” he replied.
I'm SO sorry for how long this update took. But in all honesty, I can't promise it'll get better. This has been the hardest and busiest semester I've ever had.
“No need. They stopped bleeding.”
“Good,” he hoarsely whispered back. That was all he needed to know for right now. With peace of mind, he settled back into his pillows and closed his eyes.
Sherlock looked into his eyes as if waiting for him to say more. When he realized that’s all he was getting, he cocked an eyebrow in question.
John took his face in his hands and forced him to meet his eyes. There was vulnerability there, and something else as well . . .
They were silent for a moment, looking down into their laps. John was hyper aware of how close they had scooted together during their conversation. Their thighs and knees bumped with every shift of their weight. It reminded him of all the late night post-case taxi rides they used to share, in their old lives. The darkness of the night in back of the car, their legs bumping and their tired bodies drifting to sleep next to each other – it had all felt so wonderfully intimate. John missed it immensely.
“You’ve got your gun?” Sherlock asked, climbing into the backseat.
“JOHN WATCH OUT.” Sherlock shoved him into the door to the master bedroom, covering him with his body as a massive light fixture fell onto the spot they were just standing.
Sherlock stopped himself from staring and turned back to his chemistry book.
“I love you,” he whispered directly into it. He moved lower and suckled lightly on a spot barely an inch below his earlobe. John’s eyes fluttered shut as he sighed softly. Sherlock released his suction and replaced it with soft, grazing, deliberate kisses. Just tiny pecks across the expanse of his slender neck.
Oh. . .
Sherlock expected he would look around the room, reminiscent of the time he’d spent here. But he simply locked eyes with him, one corner of his mouth twitching up. “Yeah. Home.”
“Three years what?”
“No, Mrs. Hudson,” he said, pushing through the door. “I went home . . .” he trailed off as he looked around the foyer anxiously. “To my wife,” he finished, leaping up the stairs two at a time.
Thanks so much for all your comments on the first chapter! I appreciate each and every single one :)
Sherlock propped his knee up on the chair, half straddling him while he leaned in further and cupped his jaw. He placed hard, wet kisses on his mouth again and again. Then on the corners of his lips and up to his cheek.
The whole time, Sherlock listened, silent and still. Never once interrupting him or moving from his spot half-climbed up into his lap.
“My brother and I went years without speaking. Different reasons, of course. I was purposely evading him. But my point is, no matter how bad it is or ever was between you two, it can always get better. But someone has to make that first move. And . . . even if nothing happens, it will be worth the effort."
John’s face reddened.
“-gave you medicine, at least-”
“Hey, Sherlock?”
Sherlock untucked his shirt and ran his hands over his waist. At the contact to his bare skin, all the warm tingles in his body headed south. He cautiously brought a knee up and, to his pleasant surprise, found Sherlock just as hard as him.
“What mission would that be?” John kept his voice low and dangerous, refusing to let her take the upper hand in this conversation so easily.
John let his mind wander to all the tales about the great pirate Sherlock Holmes. All the sword fighting and quick escapes… and here he was on his ship. Sherlock turned his head slightly, as if he could sense John ogling him. He made no move to look away however. The sight was too breathtaking and unreal, John feared if he let his gaze slip away, it would disappear forever.
Sherlock had done it. He saved him.
John and Sherlock paid the cabbie, unloaded their bags and journeyed down the winding path.
The corner of Sherlock’s lip quirked up just a bit, though the wetness in his eyes only welled up more.
“It’s alright.” He guided John’s bleeding head into his lap just as Scotland Yard turned into the alley with flashlights in hand.
Whoops! Someone got caught... 🙊
Finally!! :D
“Sherlock, listen to me. Don’t… you can’t,” he pleaded, tears now streaming freely down his face.
Moriarty aimed his gun at him, and John stared right down the barrel. He squeezed Molly and Greg’s arms in reassurance, and closed his eyes. He pictured Sherlock’s beautiful smile, the crinkles around his twinkling, blue-green eyes, the lovely creases in his face, his plush, pink lips. He wanted this to the last image in his mind before he died. He tilted his chin up in confidence, took a deep breath, and awaited his fate.
There was no mistaking it, John thought. He was definitely flirting. As interest began to pool in his stomach and groin, he forced himself to look away.
“Sorry, what?”
He breathed and continued, his voice wobbly. “I… I can’t
“What the. . .” he whispered as he dropped to his knees beside Sherlock. Vomit seemed to rise in his throat as he rolled him onto his back. Sherlock blinked up at him. His pupils were so small they were almost totally shrouded by the blue. It took several painful moments for recognition to spark in them.
Sherlock’s cold, hard eyes replied.
"Oh, John. Hello."
Scanning over his appearance in the mirror, he half-heartedly vowed to behave himself this time. Although, deep in his aching heart, he knew he wouldn’t have to try as hard. Whatever chance he once had with Sherlock was already ruined beyond hope.
She sighed in momentary relief. Her bullet-proof vest was still safely tucked under her bulky sweaters, along with her ski mask. She fleetingly wondered if perhaps she should start wearing it under her clothes, just in case.
“Lie back, John.”
“Hey, what’re you . . .”
Nearly a month after Mycroft had made his initial offer, John called him back and said he’d like to reconnect with his sister. He had expected a phone call or video chat to be arranged. He hadn’t expected Harry to pull up to 221B in a cab within a few days. Their reunion was tearful, awkward, and complicated, as expected. Turns out Harry had always missed John. After she moved to Scotland with her girlfriend, life was good for a while. But they broke up after a year, and Harry’s life fell apart once again. But she thought John would be upset with her for leaving and didn’t want to burden him again. And as the years went on, it became easier and easier to maintain the silence between them. She got back on her feet after some time and got a job at a bakery. Now a pastry chef, she’s famous among the locals in her town for her cakes. After flying to London, she stayed with John and Sherlock for a week before going home. She and John had maintained contact ever since. Their broken relationship was pieced back together, slowly but surely.
I apologize ahead of time if next update is a bit late, cause life/school is getting kinda crazy. As always thanks for reading, and I hope you're enjoying :)
That made sense, John thought. These things only seemed to happen to him when he was alone. He vaguely wondered why this
“Gay? I know. I had a thing for him once too. But gave up when I found out.”
“Yes. Gina’s firstborn. The child that didn’t go missing. Josephine’s mother.” He stopped his pacing at the look on John’s face. He felt he must have gone white. “Mean anything to you?”
That was all they needed at the moment. Just each other. Each other’s presence. Each other’s arms. Each other’s steady heartbeats.
Sherlock looked between her and the door. The woman anxiously searched the halls behind them, as though preparing for Tony to emerge from any one of them.
“That day at the club? I didn’t actually want to dance with Julia. I wanted to dance with you!” He pointed at him and burst into laughter as if this were the most plot-twisting reveal of the century.
“John, are you alright?”
“I have a theory of my own that I’m gonna share, okay?” No response. John was thankful he at least wasn’t shutting him down. “I think Gina used the Ouija board to contact some kind of spirit.”
“Came running as soon as I heard. Ran into John on the way in.” Lestrade was directing his words at Molly, not him, which Sherlock found strange.
Their lips broke apart, the sound of the releasing suction deafening against the silence between them.
“Did I really do that?” he mumbled softly, but his reddening cheeks implied that he most certainly knew exactly what he was referring to.
Molly was attempting to rub some warmth into Sherlock’s back when he looked back down. Greg had steered them out of the worst parts of the storm. The wind had calmed down and a light, cold rain shower drizzled down on them.
“Let me stay with you,” Sherlock whispered gently, yet urgently.
“John?” Sherlock asked gently, in attempt to break him from his comatose state.
“You know, Sherlock. You could have told me you were banned from every supermarket in London,” John said as he and Sherlock strode out of the parking lot after being thrown out by the backs of their shirt collars.
“Yes.” John shook his head at his doubt from earlier. He was being ridiculous. “Yeah, I do.”
In the kitchen, he and Sherlock stood with their backs facing each other, one getting the cream and sugar, the other getting the cups and kettle. John reached up into the cabinets and pulled out three mugs. His back prickled with the feeling of someone standing close, and he turned to find himself face-to face with Sherlock, their noses nearly touching.
“Hold on a second, Sherlock,” Molly said. She straightened up and smiled playfully. “Do you really want to make up for calling me in to work on my morning off?”
“And then you moved back in. And I thought maybe . . . now that it was all behind us, maybe we could . . .I thought that maybe there was something . . .” he swallowed the rest of his sentence.
“I’m glad you didn’t. Mine looks better on both of us anyway.” With that, their lips crashed together. John pulled Sherlock’s face in as close as he could get, his tongue lapping against his already wet lips. He licked his was into his mouth and dragged his fingers through Sherlock’s wet and flattened curls, holding on tightly. Sherlock leaned over John and pulled him in even closer, slightly dipping him. He held his coat tightly around John and supported him by his back. John’s arms wrapped around Sherlock’s shoulders and the back of his head as they kissed on.
Sherlock’s heart tugged at the warmth and affection radiating off his friend. He guided him to his old chair and sat him down. “I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else,” he said before settling into his own.
It tore at John’s insides to repress his instincts as a doctor and leave them. “Use your jacket,” he spilled as quickly as he could as Jackson and Bolt approached nearer and nearer. “Keep pressure on the wound. No matter what. Just stop the blood flow and keep her breathing evenly.”
Sherlock paced his room aggressively, hands tugging roughly at his hair. Stupid.
Sherlock’s voice came out softly, barely above a whisper. “What do you miss about them?”
John flipped up the collar of his jacket to protect his face from the wind’s bitter bite. With a quick glance at his watch, he realized he’d arrive home about fifteen minutes later than when he told Sherlock to expect him. Probably due to the fact that he’d missed the bus and had to wait for the next one to come around. He stuffed his hands in his pockets and quickened his pace. Hopefully he could cut that fifteen minutes down to ten or so. He didn’t want Sherlock to worry.
Sherlock’s concentrated eyes darted back and forth between his, probably trying to tell if he was having a panic attack or not. John took a steadying breath.
“No, there better be a bloody good reason.”
John’s heart tugged and tears prickled in his eyes once more. Of course Sherlock would. He would do anything for him. And what did he have to offer him in return? Secrets, lies, danger . . . nothing good ever.
John had his gun in his trousers, more than ready to use if necessary.
“But I am disappointed in you now,” Sherlock said between kisses, his voice husky with arousal. “For taking so long to understand what I was trying to tell you. I thought you were more intelligent than that.”
“So are we going to try to figure out who he’s going to murder this time and stop him?”
Escaping the kitchen was only a momentary relief.
It wasn’t until he saw a text from “M” appear on Mary’s phone one day that he changed his mind. He glanced at her phone as he passed by and his eyes widened in shock. She snatched it out of his view quick enough and rushed to a different room to reply, but the damage was done. She knew he had seen it.
“What what’s about.”
“And we have our two singers!” The host stood between them and clapped them both on the back. He took in Sherlock nervously looking down and rubbing his arms.
His feet were chained solid to the bottom. Even if Sherlock were to get here in time, there was no telling how he’d be able to get him out.
"Goodnight."
The corner of Moriarty’s lip twitched upwards, yet his eyes remained cold and dead, void of any sign of humanity. “As you wish,” he said, and pulled out his gun.
So close to the end!!!
He screamed again, going for volume rather than words. At this, the hand switched from his mouth to his throat, cutting off his voice entirely. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t see.
He fled out of the hall with the finale cry of
“Hush, John.” Sherlock brushed past him and strode up to Greg. “Sail onwards, Lestrade.”
“I was going to take you to the park. We were going to find a nice spot, covered by some trees and watch the sunset.” Sherlock opened and closed his mouth, unsure of what to say to comfort him.
Mary leaned her head back and laughed when she saw what he was doing. “Look at him, John.  So pitiful. Even after all you’ve put him through, he still ends up here on his knees about to die. All for you. I’d say he looks almost glad to be of service, wouldn’t you say?”
They all turned to him as he looked back into the cabinets. "Mrs. Hudson, you lost one glass from the spill, but you still have plenty more." He nearly leapt across the kitchen in one over enthusiastic stride. Yanking the fridge open, he said "But the last of your milk was spilled. You needed some more."
“I have to go,” he said, looking back at him with panic stricken eyes.
Not this time. He looked afraid. There was something he couldn’t explain, something dangerous, and it scared him.
John awoke with a pounding headache. He recalled the events from last night all too quickly as panic overcame him. He looked down cautiously, unsure of what to find. He still had his clothes, on him and undisturbed. He was not harmed in any way.
Judging by the sky, it was around 6 or 7 in the morning when Sherlock packed up his needle and set off for home. People would be waking up right now, heading to work, starting their day. But he was exhausted. He’d spent most of yesterday trekking around St. Asaph, then he’d travelled home, allowed John to treat his injuries, and moved back into his alley. So it had been nearly 24 hours since he’d slept. And John was probably in the same boat.
John let Sherlock lean back against the table as he began unbuttoning his shirt for him. He spread the two halves wide open, revealing a pale, nearly hairless torso with three angry, pink lines over the left pectoral. They were healing fine, just as Sherlock as said. Sherlock remained silent as he slid his hands over the bare skin.
Victor turned the corner and faced their cell. “Sherlock. Come with me.” Sherlock made to detangle himself from John, who was leaning against his chest.
“Hello, dear. Oh, I’m just so pleased that you’ve moved back in. Sherlock is, too.”
But his eyes returned to Sherlock not even a few moments later. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him in question.
Day in and day out, he continued to work with Molly on various tasks. Her main job as gunner was to keep track of all firearms on board. She showed John where the guns were kept, how to work the different models, and how to use the canon. When they weren’t working with firearms, she was showing him around the ship, doing random odd jobs or carrying out Sherlock’s requests.
*****
From the moment John left, Sherlock had wanted to call off the attack and go after him. But he thought it best to let the man cool off. After waiting an hour or so, he sent Molly to fetch John so he could tell him he called it off. He waited in his room for a minute, five minutes, ten minutes. While sitting in the same armchair as he had when John came the last night, he peered over at the empty one across from him.
Sherlock chased him far out into the snowy, hilly landscape. Every time John slowed down to catch his breath and look over his shoulder, Sherlock gained on him.
“Not for another hour or so, I’m afraid. Possibly more.”
John drew up on his tip-toes, throwing his arms around Sherlock’s shoulders as they shared a tender kiss.
"Go check," he demanded. When Greg rolled his eyes and didn't make any move to comply with Mycroft's wish, Mycroft put on a blank expression, straightened his tie, and said, "Fine, I could also leave again."
"What do you do here all day long to earn your keep then? What have you been doing the past few months to drive your price up so far?" Now that was something that John really did want to know. After all, he was the only one of those present tonight who had never met Sherlock before. Everyone else seemed to have enjoyed him in one way or another already.
Recalling those words, savouring them, relishing their echo... that all calmed him down faster and more thoroughly than nicotine or alcohol ever could. Sherlock took one last puff and ground out the cigarette carefully on the lawn. He then tried, suffering a bit of a guilty conscience, to bury the butt with the tip of his shoe. He wasn't entirely successful.
Irene felt it appropriate that she sit. She pulled the only empty chair closer and lowered herself onto it with exaggerated care. With practised elegance, she crossed her legs before turning her full attention on him.
"You can take that
"Why not?"
His eyes filled with tears again, and they ran down his cheeks. He felt John watching him and smiled.
The blow hit his cheek with cold precision. His head jerked to the side even with John's grip on his hair. He didn't feel anything at first. Just a peculiar numbness. But then the pain exploded across the entire right side of his face. Sherlock opened his mouth, gasping, and John swore.
Their eyes met, and both men knew that John owed Moran his life. The shot had gone right past his head. John had felt it. He held out his hand, and Moran took it immediately.
“What else?” Sherlock shouted with the same irrepressible impatience of a bloodhound who’d caught the scent of his quarry. “How else does he look? Come on! I’m waiting!”
John registered the suppressed, malicious snickers that could suddenly be heard around the entire room. His hands clenched into fists and he stood up.
“That's completely unfair,” he whispered huskily, although he didn't let it stop him from groaning greedily and pressing himself against John's knuckles as they moved up and down.
"Patience is a virtue," John replied with his best shark-toothed grin.
"A mob boss who's an opera aficionado," Sherlock mocked, and returned to the couch, accompanied by the cheerful, upbeat opening notes of the overture. "A little bit clichéd, don't you think?"
Sherlock gasped for breath. Although he'd already made his decision, it was difficult ... unspeakably difficult. But John was holding his legs for him, even though it must be painful, and Sherlock didn't know what else to offer in return for the gesture other than ... his pride.
"Maybe. Yes. No... I- I don't know," John blurted out, annoyed.
“What’s wrong with
"I had to go to Mycroft for the photo - but don't worry... I didn't tell him what I needed it for or what it was all about," he ended his report.
"Here you are."
"I can only return the compliment. I'd prefer never to have dealt with you at all," John offered candidly.
Tears shot into Sherlock's eyes at the tearing pain that followed the relentless pressure. He wanted to scream, but the gag dampened every sound that emerged from his throat and made it unrecognisable. Hot tears ran down his cheeks, mixed with the spit on his chin and dripped onto the floor. Merciless fingers clamped down on his hips and then... Sherlock held his breath automatically during the first several agonising thrusts.
"Oh, you bet I did."
A thin, mischievous smile flitted across Sherlock's lips. "Where does he live?"
"I assume you'd like to come as well?" he said nonchalantly, nudging his chin in the direction of his playmate's stiffly protruding member.
"Love to," John agreed. The grin disappeared from his face. "Dimmock," he said in all seriousness. "Dimmock needs to be replaced. I have my eye on someone... a certain Tobias Gregson. Throw your weight around. I don't care how you do it, but I want Gregson to be Dimmock's replacement."
"Good evening, sir," Lestrade returned the salutation and took a seat. "Congratulations on winning the election."
John sat in the same chair he always sat in when he had an appointment with Call-Me-Ella. She sat across from him, collected and professional as ever, taking notes on a pad of paper while he obsessively drummed his fingers on the arms of his chair.
John gave her a slightly patronising look, raising both his eyebrows. "Is that so?"
Sherlock tried desperately to find a way out. "Wouldn't it be better if you used the riding crop... or if you must, the whip..."
"Yes." John swallowed. Happy wasn't really the right word. But it was better than before. It went beyond John's comprehension how Sherlock could dismiss that incident so cold-heartedly.
"Me?" Lestrade exclaimed, nonplussed, pressing both hands to his chest. "Me? Are you sure? Just because I'm the last honest copper?"
Sherlock's throat felt parched. His heartbeat thudded through his entire body. Was the unthinkable about to happen? Had John finally had enough of him? Was he going to... send him away? His heart clenched, stuttered, fell out of rhythm and then picked up the beat in an ominous monotone.
"So there'll be chilled cucumber soup tonight. He'll like that too," Mabel declared with cheery satisfaction.
And then it was as if someone took his blinders off.
John?
Every time the thought crossed his mind (and it always did at the sight of the empty, echoing rooms), Sherlock had to close his eyes. Profound gratitude and happiness mixed with an utter inability to comprehend what he had done to deserve all this.
John's hands grasped Sherlock's upper arms. "Sherlock, why don't you just tell me what you're..."
He put his hand on Greg's arse and opened his mouth to say something, when Greg moaned at his touch and spread his legs. All the words Mycroft had ever known escaped him completely at the moment. Had he wanted to say something? And if so, what had it been? Surely nothing important, otherwise he'd remember... although... was he even still breathing or had he forgotten to do that too? Mycroft gasped for air. The part of his brain that was responsible for instinctive actions took control. Later, he'd never recall how he managed to tear open the packet of lubricant and spread it evenly over his erection and Greg's opening. He didn't come back to his senses until his groin was pressing against Greg's arse.
"And there would be my motive," he stated matter-of-factly.
A short while later, John sat – fully clothed – on the edge of the bed with Sherlock, who was now naked, draped over his right thigh. His playmate's long legs were clamped between his thighs to keep them immobile – although John didn't think Sherlock would try to kick him or escape ... he had climbed onto his lap far too eagerly for that. While Sherlock balanced himself with one arm on the bed and the other hand on the floor, John felt for his half-hard erection and arranged it so that it hung down between Sherlock's legs, pressing against the side of John's thigh.
A tired yet condescending smile played at the corners of Mycroft's lips. "As if we ever needed you," he said acidly.
"John..." It was a cry, a whisper, a prayer, a curse. "That... you don't have to..."
Adrenaline raced through John's body, and everything around him slowed. As if he were viewing the scene on time lapse, John noted how astonished and dismayed Mary and Moriarty were at this turn of events. John aimed mercilessly at Sherlock's chest. When he pulled the trigger, his wrist jerked.
"Inspector Lestrade," Miss Morstan replied with an equally friendly nod, despite the fact that she was preparing to put on her coat and Greg's appearance was highly likely to endanger her chances of being able to leave work soon, even at this advanced hour. "I was rather hoping it would be
"Tough meeting?" Mike asked sympathetically.
"Good God - five minutes!" Mike answered. "Act like you're going to the toilet..."
"No bubbles?" He was still trying to understand what was going on here. It must be something quite basic, perhaps even something romantic. But as Sherlock had no experience with romance, the entire situation was a mystery to him. An explanation or even an insight remained beyond his grasp.
Just as Sherlock was about to go to bed - an empty bed, which seemed horrifyingly cold without John - his mobile beeped. He took it out of his trouser pocket, his face already brightening, when he recognised Mike's number. An irrational fear stretched its icy claws out toward him. His fingers flying, he accepted the call and pressed the phone so hard against his ear that it hurt, shouting, "What's happened to John?"
Out in the entryway, Mike gave Sherlock an inquisitive look. "So? Are we keeping secrets from John again?" The beginnings of a smile flickered at the corners of his mouth.
"Greg, I..."
Not even Mike felt that he could resist such aggressive charm as he'd just observed Sherlock employ. He probably would have been putty in Sherlock's hands just like Jacques if he'd been exposed to the full firepower of those eyes and the full, unbridled impact of that scintillating charisma. Mike never would have suspected that such a forceful personality existed beneath Sherlock's otherwise so cool - and ofttimes fragile - exterior. All of a sudden, Mike began to have an inkling of why John had continued to return to Irene Adler's establishment following that initial meeting... like a moth, he'd been caught in the circle of Sherlock's light and drawn to it in the most irresistible manner.
do. But I've known you long enough to know what you
"Then I'll send a waiter out," John decided with a brief, not unfriendly smile, and went into the eatery with Mike.
John, on the other hand, merely appeared mildly amused, laying his serviette across his thighs.
Sergeij silently shoved a stack of bank notes across the table. Patrick eyed both him and the money suspiciously, but he reached for the bundle anyway and tucked it into his pocket.
Sherlock snorted in derision. "So it is business after all. I should have known."
"With or without a dildo?" Mycroft asked dryly, and Greg laughed. "Didn't your wife ever complain?"
. Then a key prodded frantically - and inaccurately - around the keyhole until the door was unlocked with a redemptive click and swung open.
I should lock you - or rather, your dick - up for the next couple of days," he went on, pretending to give it serious consideration. "I just so happened to see a couple of very interesting contraptions for male chastity on the internet recently... plastic penis cages... metal tubes... with quaint little padlocks on them... which only I would have a key for... I'd be the only one who could release you from your plight... you would be completely at the mercy of my whims." John's heart rate accelerated at the thought. The heady notion of power and control would never fail to fascinate him. He wanted to see Sherlock suffer a little... but he'd prefer it be in a different manner than those devices allowed. He wanted to test Sherlock's self-control, wanted to make him be the instrument of his own torture... he wanted to force his will on Sherlock... but not with lock and key... rather with nothing more than his expressed wishes and his words. That was what John really wanted. Submission given freely and with a glad heart.
"My brains have slipped down into my pants more often than I care to admit," John joked in an attempt to override all the emotions that were breaking over him at the moment.
"Ready at any time?" John echoed. "Twenty-four-seven?" Irene nodded. "But that's not even possible... he'd have to live here on the premises."
"Deflower?" John repeated, purposely choosing a mocking tone of voice while he shook his head with fake regret. "Dainty, blushing young maidens might be deflowered. Are you a dainty, blushing young maiden, Sherlock? I don't think so. You're a male whore. I'm not here to deflower you. I'm here to break you in." His smile became broader, revealing his even, white teeth to Sherlock. "Miss Adler auctioned off your arse to the highest bidder. I won, I paid, and now... you belong to me."
"Charlie, Charlie, Charlie," John said, clicking his tongue in disappointment. "What have you done."
Sherlock started to flinch back, but then his quick, attentive eyes skimmed over John's face and body from beneath slightly furrowed brows. "That... wasn't
"I'm afraid..." John drawled, "...as sorry as I am to say it... before I can get this ring on you, I'm going to have to undertake certain measures."
John gave him a bewildered look. "What do you mean …
, as Mike always insisted) were with him, one on the front passenger seat and one next to him in the back. For that reason, he perhaps should have resisted the urge ... but he'd had a shitty day and wasn't in the mood to take his men and their quitting time into consideration.
"Not THAT!"
"What am I doing? I'm calling an ambulance for you."
John thought he could make out the McKenzie Pavilion in the background, but he wasn't sure. He only had a vague sense of his surroundings, as it had been decades since he'd spent a summer in this park. It had been bright daylight back then, and he'd been busy pushing drugs to uni students.
John noticed that she'd cleverly avoided using the words
"Why not?" John shot back calmly, but there was a cold, dangerous glint in his eyes.
I researched like mad for this chapter and found out a lot about the political workings of London and the UK in general.
"John? I miss you," Sherlock said as soon as he'd accepted the call.
"Charlie... I'm warning you..." John growled. He had the feeling the dusty concrete floor underneath his feet had turned into treacherous quicksand. "I never gave you that job!"
, after all? His lips, which had just burned with heat and desire a moment ago, suddenly felt cold and numb. But before Sherlock had a chance to ask John anything, a rather corpulent man with glasses and a double chin came in, only to stop in the doorway. Sherlock blinked in confusion. That wasn't exactly the way he'd pictured the man John might have at his side.
Mary, on the other hand, displayed a cold-blooded, calculating attitude. "There were advantages to Sebastian being able to establish himself as Albright's right-hand man so quickly. Albright wouldn't have spread gossip like that to just anyone. He was too afraid of the Doc after all... even if it didn't stop him from taking his digs. It all turned out to be extremely convenient for us in the end."
"The union leader... interesting," John remarked flatly. "Which room?"
"Oh God," Sherlock groaned and threw his head back down onto the mattress. He slowly began to comprehend John's evil plan. "You're not going to... aaaah... give me any... nnnggghhh... breaks... are you..."
"Oh, please..." John cut him off. "Spare me. Don't make any promises you can't keep."
"John! JOHN! Oh yes! Yes! YES! God... I... I... John..." Sherlock lost the ability to form words at that point, and all that could be heard was blissful sobbing.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow suspiciously. "Anyway...?" he repeated with an ominous sense of foreboding.
"Don't be silly," Greg cut him off. "Come back to my car with me. I'll drive you home."
"So soft... so hot..." John whispered to him breathlessly. "So fantastic..."
John hadn't failed to notice Sherlock's brief inner struggle along with the increase in his arousal, and decided to tease him just a bit more. Although he pushed his fingers deep into Sherlock's body, he avoided stimulating his prostate as much as he could. A lusty gleam appeared in his eyes when he saw how Sherlock angled and turned his hips to get John's fingers where he wanted them. But John was prepared, and pulled his fingers back, not letting them penetrate deep enough anymore, instead settling for short, shallow strokes.
"John..." Sherlock implored him after not too long. "Please... let me come...I... I'm... now... oh, pleeeease!"
John shook his head. "No one forced you to drink it," he scolded in amusement. "You don't need any Dutch courage to open that box." He took the glass back from Sherlock. "It's enough for me to have thought
"That's impossible!" Mike exclaimed, taking the sheet. He inspected it, took off his glasses, cleaned them, put them back on, and held the paper right up to his nose. "This has been altered!"
to him, a place where he was a guest of indefinite duration; it had become a
"No," John declined firmly. "We either make our deal here and now, or not at all."
"Those were just down payments, darling. Down payments."
"As it happens, a spot has just opened in my building..." Mycroft went on, lowering his voice. "Directly across from my flat..."
Sherlock sneered. "I'm poorly."
before? But that you perhaps... have wanted to tell him for quite a long time?" Call-Me-Ella pressed.
(You'll find all of the pictures of the reservoir – and MORE - in the links above)
Sherlock's mouth was open, his eyes appeared to be nothing more than coal-black pupils, his cheeks were flushed, and small goosepimples decorated his shoulders. Horror, lust, pride, and helplessness were all reflected in his face. John's
“No, not at all,” Sherlock stated confidently. “I may be a bit out of practise when it comes to the martial arts, but I’m perfectly capable of overpowering John any time I wish.”
She stared at the number that was written there for a long time; it exceeded all of her expectations.
"Greg - you can be as difficult as you want again starting tomorrow, but not now. I'll explain everything in the car."
But now he really had to turn his attention to that extremely interesting text message and try to find out more. He'd best call Kitty right away.
John licked his lips and broke the silence with a husky voice. “What exactly are you waiting for? You could have been naked and in my bed for ages now.”
"Sherlock, let them talk," John's voice cut neatly through Sherlock's despairing thoughts. "People will always talk. They do little else. I don't give a damn, and there's no one who's better for me than you."
John gave Sherlock a bewildered look. "He lives in one of those highrises. With a concierge and all the trappings," he answered slowly, not understanding what the question had to do with his problem. "I thought... maybe the cleaning lady..."
"You're the first one I let do that," John spoke into the darkness and turned onto his back.
"Spoilsport." Irene pouted and leaned back in her chair. "So you think he's only keeping you around because the sex is so excruciatingly good and he
"The yellow looked like shite," Sherlock explained in passing. "I had it painted over. Billy has been quite helpful."
John tapped his toe nervously against the gleaming parquet floor, making sure no one saw him. Displaying a weakness in a room full of mobsters could be fatal to a man in his position.
If Detective Inspector Lestrade had known the new mayor, Mycroft Holmes, any better, he might have noticed how severely the casual mention of the name Sigerson affected him. As it was, however, the brief yet distinct twitch in Mycroft Holmes' right eye went unnoticed.
"Well? Don't make me drag every word out of you!" Greg hissed in a low voice.
Sherlock wanted John to kill him... it was the last decision he was able to make for himself, his last request. Could John deny him that final wish?
But rather than telling him to get out of the bathtub, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock's chest in a loose hug. Sherlock's thoughts raced. Why wasn't John acting in accordance with Sherlock's earlier experiences? Would he ever understand John? Did all of this mean that John actually was susceptible to being hurt? He'd cut off his own hand before hurting him! But ... what would happen if he – as was his wont – made a thoughtless remark? What if his mouth raced ahead of his brain? What then? Sherlock nestled down carefully into John's embrace, feeling a bit distressed and discouraged, only to register with relief how John's arms tightened around him.
Mike looked at his friend with his eyes wide and his brows raised.
John - lost in his own thoughts - answered, "It's not a fiddle, it's a
"You can't whistle?" John returned, soaping up his chest.
"Dave, Naresh... You're off for the rest of the night," he said to the men sitting with him in the car.
"Like this?" John asked, his voice raw, and pulled one of Sherlock's legs up over his shoulder.
Little Sherlock prefers ginger nuts… (“Ginger Snaps” in the US)
"YOU are not allowed to carry any weapons on your person! Is that clear? And don't give me any of your
"It doesn't surprise me in the least," Sherlock said serenely. "Mycroft's never asked for anything before in his life. He's always just taken."
Sherlock exhaled, somewhat relieved. "Don't act as if I'm the first one you've ever shared a bed with in this manner."
There it was again... that complete absence of fear... yet that was precisely what frightened him. Annoyed at himself, Sherlock shook his head and read the document through again which rendered his conservatorship null and void. Autonomy and a brother...
"Nothing special?" Mike repeated, aghast. "I can play myself for a sucker well enough without your help. My Susan was giggling like a schoolgirl! My Susan NEVER giggles like a schoolgirl. You must have done something to her."
Sherlock was still sitting at the dining table - also in order to hide his conspicuous erection - and saw that a dainty almond biscuit had been placed on the saucer next to John's cup. His gaze flitted back to the silver tray with the rest of the dishes and found his suspicion confirmed. There were no more biscuits. Another put-down, which he'd expected - virtually anticipated, really. He didn't care. He didn't place any value on such petty vanities. What did hurt, however, was the fact that John - who was otherwise always so attentive - either didn't notice the unequal treatment, or did notice and allowed it.
But they'd never properly discussed what had happened in that reservoir.
"Daddy, Daddy! Watch!" a girl called just then as she climbed the ladder to the top of the slide. She was maybe eight or nine years old and was dragging a younger girl - probably her sister - after her.
"I never looked for you," he insisted. "How could you even think something so ridiculous? Did you think this whole time, I was... what, going after you? Have you been hiding out here? In Scotland?" John laughed, but it didn't sound happy. He gestured toward the wedding ring. "I suppose you even took your partner's name so I really couldn't find you anymore."
Their bodies pressed together, tried to melt into each other. John's arms wrapped around Sherlock and held him in an embrace that was practically bone-crushing, while Sherlock framed John's face in his hands... as delicate and gentle as if it were a fragile treasure. Their tongues played together - hungry and tender at the same time - until they finally let go, breathing heavily.
Mycroft's left eyebrow lifted salaciously. "An entire package? Optimistic."
Sherlock returned to John's bedroom, his brow wrinkled.
Sherlock knew right away that John was referring to that fatal day when he'd sent Glendale packing and maltreated Sherlock himself.
Sherlock's entire body twitched when he felt the mouth of another man for the first time. It was so wet and warm and tight … no wonder everyone was so obsessed with oral sex … It wasn't as if Sherlock had never felt a tongue on his shaft before, but no one had ever truly given him sexual pleasure with their mouth – and it was certainly something he never expected from John.
- kitschy 'bedroom paintings'
..." Sherlock whispered, stretching luxuriantly.
“I wasn't finished,” he warned Sherlock with a stern look.
Some information about William Topaz McGonagall:
Irene rolled her eyes. "You're too gracious, your worshipfulness," she said sarcastically before cutting herself off. She gave him a quick, appraising look and then asked with a sudden wave of empathy, "I presume you're going to go back to your original repertoire as soon as you're ready to return to work? Hands and mouth?"
Another shudder wracked Sherlock's body, and the muscles of his tight, hot arse squeezed together firmly around John's impatient erection. John bit down on his lips, sighing softly as the urge to empty himself right then and there into that willing body lessened a bit due to the pain in his mouth. Then he licked his lips greedily and, to the tune of Sherlock's keen, ecstatic cries, he pulled out completely from the insistent embrace. He admired the gaping hole for several seconds before he hammered home without warning, burying his cock's full length in Sherlock's body in a single stroke.
A dark, shameless smile hovered at the corners of Sherlock's mouth, and John bit down on his lips in expectation. His own erection still jutted proudly out from his body, even though he hadn't done anything more - the visual stimulation was more than sufficient.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You'd do better with a chamomile tea at the moment," Mike advised him. "I think I have some valerian drops in my bag."
"I don't want it!"
"Yes, Dr Thompson. You know, his therapist."
Mabel rolled her eyes. "I don't have time for your childishness," she stated resolutely. "I need to bring Sherlock his strawberries now."
The butler served the coffee on the coffee table, handing Mike his cup, then filled the other two cups with the caffeinated elixir.
hard. All that sobbing and moaning for that little splodge..."
"Was … was he kidnapped?" Thomas asked, his voice trembling. "If there's... anything I..."
Sherlock shot him a reproachful look.
Even though he'd resolved never to leave John's side again. No matter what John might do... John would never get rid of him again... unless... he shot Sherlock himself.
Sherlock all but tore the smart phone out of her hand and read the brief message.
Sherlock shuddered under the heat and hunger in John's gaze, and his body writhed in its bonds... not in order to free himself, but in order to enjoy his helplessness, to become more aware of the inevitability of what was going to happen.
Trying to make sense of John's organisation turned out not to be as distracting as Sherlock hoped. He'd already memorised the boroughs and their heads by lunchtime and his thoughts turned inexorably to John. He left his lunch untouched and slunk through the house with a woebegone expression on his face. He knew he looked like a dog missing its master, and that annoyed him. He tried to distract himself with music... to listen to an opera... but it wasn't the same without John. Sherlock hated himself a little for having become so dependent on another person... he, who had always set such a high value on being self-sufficient... on being independent...
No sooner had Irene left than Sherlock ran to the toilet on the ground floor and rubbed frantically at his cheek with a wet flannel until he could no longer tell whether his skin was red from her lipstick or his aggressive treatment. Sherlock took a deep breath and lowered the flannel. If he were caught by Jacques or Anthea with obvious traces of lipstick on him - he could do without that, thank you very much. The two of them would probably fall over themselves to inform John of Sherlock's apparent slip-up. Would John listen to such ugly gossip and actually believe Sherlock had been unfaithful? Probably not - but it couldn't hurt to be careful. No, John would know that Sherlock had remained faithful... would always remain faithful to him... that there would never be anyone else for him but John.
, for certain purposes?"
John was a first in many ways for Sherlock. And Sherlock was happy about that. So happy.
"I understand, Bridges," John answered with an amused smile.
All of a sudden, Sherlock pressed the plug into John's hand. "Put it where it belongs," he growled in John's ear, sliding the full length of his body against John's.
The sound of his mobile shredded the remnants of Mike Stamford's deep sleep, along with his sweet, sweet dreams. His wife Susan, lying beside him, was a lighter sleeper and therefore already awake enough to form words; she could also coordinate the movement of her limbs, which Mike knew because she jammed a sharp elbow rather hard into his well-padded ribs.
"Damn it," Sherlock muttered. "Anderson, of all people. If I'd known that..."
Mike stared at him, his mouth hanging open. "A bit out of practise? How can a poofter like you... I mean, do you play for both teams or what?"
"The only exception...? It's like pulling teeth with you! Which I don't particularly want to have to do."
' and it made him shiver in anticipation. Maybe the day wasn't a complete wash after all.
“Yes,” he finally admitted after several moments.
"I can't open the door, as John appears to have locked me in," Sherlock explained casually.
"My goodness, that's strong," she murmured in an undertone as Jacques left the room with a faint snort.
Sherlock stared at the door as if he'd never seen it before in his life.
A knowing smile passed across Irene's red lips, and her eyes lit up. "Oh! Is the good doctor Watson examining one of his private patients at the moment? Perhaps he's taking his temperature? With a big... long... thermometer?"
They held each other's eyes.
A short while later, when he was once again able to think clearly, something sprang to the forefront of his mind, something that had been lurking this whole time, waiting for his attention, disquieting and nagging at him, and now it tugged at him until he
- secret. But why? Why? Mycroft wasn't exactly known for his altruism. What did it benefit him if he kept quiet? What advantage did he hope to gain? Or did it just give him pleasure to see that Damoclean sword hanging over Sherlock's head? Sherlock certainly wouldn't put it past him.
"Where anyone could have seen us? Right," Greg snipped.
"I had breakfast," Sherlock announced triumphantly.
Oh, the things I looked up for this story...
There was just one thing that he was hung up on: would John try to have sex with him?
John straightened up a bit. "I'm coming, Mike. Five minutes, all right?" His words sounded stern, but his smile defused the severity.
With a concerted effort, Sherlock was finally able to put together a coherent sentence and force it out through his vocal cords. "I haven't touched myself there...
"You really are a clever fellow." Her lips formed a moue of false coquetterie. "This is actually quite entertaining with you. Most of them are so unbearably stupid, and then there's all the howling and gnashing of teeth when they finally realise they're going to kick the bucket... They usually need it spelled out for them, letter by letter... but you got there all on your own," she mock praised him. "Hats off. Yes, you're going to die, and I hope and pray the boss will grant me that particular privilege. I presume you're familiar with the saying '
The additional stimulation of John's blows wasn't enough to bring Sherlock to climax, however… which might have something to do with the fact that John was deliberately hitting him with less force than before. He didn't want to make things any easier for Sherlock. When Sherlock's entire body was finally trembling with unfulfilled desire, John tossed the paddle aside, helped Sherlock get up and shuffled him onto the bed.
- "floozy"
Oh, how much... how very, very much Sherlock wanted to give in to the temptation. How wonderful it would be...
None of the 24-hour surveillance had revealed any secret contacts with Moran, but John still felt there was something off and wanted to be on the safe side. He'd therefore decided to wait to off Moran until he'd interrogated him thoroughly about his contacts and any backers... an interrogation which John intended to carry out himself... an interrogation he'd been itching to get to for days. He'd had to control himself for too long, hadn't been able to show that anything was going on. Today he'd take that mask off and Moran would see his true face.
A spectacular blow job, a riding crop, a startling confession and a flashback.
Then... a gathering of self that was virtually audible, the wasp-like hum of the crop, the turbulence of the air, the slapping sound of the hit.
"Yeah," John agreed with quiet, grim determination. "Now I'm also scared witless on top of being angry and I don't even know
John had barely closed the door behind him at home when Sherlock stormed across the hall toward him, emitting enough nervous energy to power Piccadilly Circus for three days and nights.
"I'll leave you alone now," Mrs Turner chattered on. "I'll come back to get the tray later - don't let me get in your way... You can go on playing... and … if it's not too much bother... could you maybe play
. Would you entrust your dearest possession to just anyone?" Sherlock spoke faster and faster towards the end. He wasn't used to speaking to his brother like this, and he wanted to get it over with as quickly as possible, before he changed his mind.
"Why?" John echoed, perplexed. "Well... because..."
"The fact that you've called leads me to conclude that your sojourn beneath John Watson's roof is at an end and you are now deigning to submit yourself to my custody once again," Mycroft explained his line of thinking, only managing to hold back an
"Do you feel like it is?"
"What? Who?"
"Yes," Mycroft contradicted him softly.
"What else now?"
" in a tone that was both completely overwhelmed and utterly satiated.
"That's not
Mike made an incredulous sound. "I've heard something else entirely. What went down at Adler's place today?"
And there it was again – Sherlock's upfront, direct honesty that even included himself. And without intending to, John realised that he was once again running the danger of finding that particular characteristic of Sherlock's much more attractive than it actually was – or than it had a right to be.
Rather than answering directly, Sherlock got into the requested position and spread his legs obscenely wide, until John could make out a circle of red rubber – it could only be the end of a plug – sealing Sherlock's anus.
“Because I'm not just the most impertinent, but also the best and hottest cocksucker you've ever met or ever will meet in your life,” Sherlock growled in a low, deep voice, reached straight between John's legs and licked at his earlobe. Sherlock's quicksilver motions and complete shamelessness never failed to fascinate and arouse John. This time was no exception – and before he knew what was happening, he felt Sherlock's fingers stimulating his half-hard cock through the material of his trousers.
That night, John tossed and turned in bed until Sherlock touched him on the shoulder and asked quietly, "Can't you sleep?"
Sherlock finished with his cuff links and looked at John with a somewhat surprised expression.
... let me..."
"Anything else?"
"In here again?"
“Good,” Mike stated, satisfied, also saying a silent, rueful good-bye to almond biscuits and coffee. Why did Jacques have to be so pigheaded and narrow-minded? “Thank you all for your attention.”
"You could have moved it aside."
? Just because a servant had called him '
"Oh, God!" Anthea cried in disgust. "Is it always like that around here? They used to only do it upstairs, at least you couldn't hear them up there."
John swallowed hard and pushed against his own erection with the heels of his hands. Desire flowed out into his extremities, and he moaned faintly.
"That's none of my business, sir," Lestrade said with formal courtesy.
oooOOOoooOOoooOOOooo
John didn't have a steady partner!
"Of course not," Greg stated with a businesslike chill. "I'm a professional."
"No," Mike repeated, but it was only a weak protest.
“I don’t know yet,” Sherlock said. He practically ran back to the house, turned around once he’d reached the door, and called to the bodyguards: “Not a word to John!” and then he disappeared, his dressing gown flapping behind him.
"Oh, Mike! Really?" John scoffed with half a smile. "I'm not going to eat a bullet."
He wasn't alone in the car; two of his strong-arm men (or
"Fuuuuck," Sherlock echoed, drawing the word out. "Yes, that was the general idea," he explained casually before getting up and taking off his clothes so that he stood naked in front of John. Then he took a strawberry out of the bowl and sat down straddling John's lap. He held the fruit carefully between his teeth and tilted his head toward John, who met him halfway and kissed him with everything he had. The sweetness of the strawberry combined with the ferocity of their kiss, reinforcing the flavour of their lust.
Sherlock swallowed and sat there for a moment with his mouth hanging slightly open, just staring at Mike.
"Hello, Sherlock," she greeted him cheerfully and with a friendly smile, although her impatience was evident.
Mike closed the folder and set it on the desk. "Yeah, I thought so," he agreed as if he were still considering something. "Who should we send in to clean it up?"
"You must know how proud she was," Doris said simply.
solution to the problem. And don't try to deny that this bloke’s become a problem for you." Mike registered with grim satisfaction that John snapped his mouth shut like a schoolboy who'd been caught red-handed. "He became a problem right about when you decided to turn your gun on me." Mike fixed him with an unflinching look. "Did you really plan on never seeing him again? Even though he improved your mood so much?" Mike pointed out.
"Yeah, yeah - fine," Mike said, still upset. "I'm going."
"No?" Sherlock repeated, stunned.
But then he felt – as if from miles away – powerful hands on his ankles, and he understood that John was pulling his legs over his own shoulders. As if through a fog, he saw John grimace, and the realisation that the gunshot wound in his left shoulder was still bothering him pierced the fog in Sherlock's brain like a bolt of lightning.
Greg stared at the telephone in his hand for several long moments. "What the..." he muttered to himself. Something was going on. Something big. Something dirty. First Dimmock's promotion, which no one - really, absolutely no one - understood, and which had no foundation whatsoever... and now this call.
He pushed his two other fingers even deeper into the soft, warm mouth, plunging his penis at the same time deep into Sherlock's other orifice, finding it equally warm and equally willing.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you," he advised Sherlock.
"Yes, I am."
"The thought that I'm the first one to touch you here ... right
"Let me... please, John... let me suck your cock... please... I want to feel you... on my tongue... in my mouth... in my throat..."
"Ah-ah... not so fast." John held out his arm to keep Sherlock at a distance. He had to laugh at Sherlock's disappointed expression. "No reason to cry," he teased. "You're still going to get your...
Sherlock cried out … but nothing more than a rattle escaped his lips. Colourful stars. Grey edges. The height of desire. The climax broke over him like a force of nature. White light. Trembling. And then... nothing. A weak echo. Breathlessness. Satiation. A never before known contentment.
"That's Superman, not Batman," John corrected him. "But fine. Then I won't keep you on tenterhooks any longer," he said, finally taking the metal cylinder out of his breast pocket, opening the screw-top lid and letting the cigar slide out partway into the palm of his hand.
! I want to talk to you about
I used the Calibre app downloaded from
John merely nodded. He wasn't overly fond of hotheads with more brawn than brain, whose bloodthirstiness was often greater than their stomachs could handle and regularly ended up vomiting into the gutter after their missions. However, they were extremely useful at times like this. A higher calibre of cannon fodder and more or less disposable should the adversary end up fighting back harder than expected. He was basically amenable to such a plan of action, but he didn't want to encourage it too much and let it turn into the standard response.
A gleeful chuckle burbled up in Greg's throat, but he couldn't afford to let it out. Mycroft was actually upset and worried, and it wouldn't be appropriate to make jokes in light of his anguish. And so Greg made a concerted effort to remain somber and to answer seriously, even if he couldn't entirely keep his dissension out of his response.
The next thing he knew, Mike was desperately trying to hold his arms behind his back.
Why? I could just tell you whatever I want – I don't think there are any rum experts amongst my readers who would send up a hue and a cry if the pr0n were interrupted by some inaccurate rum information.
Sherlock felt deeply dishonoured and debased by the incompetency ruling. He was no longer his own man … he was hardly any better than a serf. He had no papers and could neither leave the country nor take on a respectable job. All of that was denied him … or at least dependent upon Mycroft's goodwill.
. A different one... than I gave you the last time. Is... is that all right?"
"John? Are you trying to distract me from the subject?" Sherlock pressed with gentle persistence.
"Oh... you think... no! No..." Mycroft assured him. "No... I simply wanted to express the fact that it won't be possible for me to go into a shop and purchase prophylactics and lubricant."
"Yes," John answered, grinning broadly. "I'm not going to kiss you for the next 24 hours."
“You don't?”
"Oh God..." John gasped. "Yes... that... oh my God!"
The memory brought a wan smile to Doris' face. That had been over five years ago. Her anxious gaze wandered across the bed to Violet's son. His slight frame had slumped to the side in exhaustion, supported only by the armrests of his chair. He was asleep.
"But you have given it a good shot," John conceded. "Maybe you could do with a little positive reinforcement..." No sooner had John spoken the last word than Sherlock felt a hand wrap around his hard flesh. He sobbed with relief. "Shhh..." John said, stroking Sherlock's back with one hand in a calming gesture. "It's all right..." he murmured softly. "Everything's all right..." Then Sherlock heard the typical sound of a zipper being opened, and his mouth began to water.
?" It seemed Mike simply couldn't let it go.
"That was insane," John summarised his own sense of being overcome, breathing a kiss onto the wild curls. "Completely insane. Did you stretch before? How much vaseline did you use? That was like cutting through butter with a hot knife."
Mike nudged John. "There," he whispered quite distinctly. "He's doing it again..."
“You know what? I don't want to know,” Irene interrupted him in a cutting tone. “So
Tonight.
Mike reassured himself with a quick glance that his friend didn't have a weapon on him at the moment. “These are very important meetings. I admit things have been hellish the past few days – but sometimes that's just how it is. You've been with Sherlock practically every other day for eight weeks now – ever since you've had him exclusively... You were just there for three hours yesterday. Why do you have to go over there again so soon?”
Sherlock probed the kiss' flavour more intently. Gagging for John... and for more data.
"And... er... is it... registered? I mean, if the bullets..."
Sherlock made to get up, but John stopped him. "Drink your coffee," he said quietly, without looking up from his own cup. "It's really good."
Someone had been making inquiries about him.
The undisguised vulnerability - something which Sherlock himself might not even be aware of, for if he were he probably wouldn't have shown it to such a degree - touched John more deeply than he'd ever admit.
Translation by the amazing SwissMiss!!!!
"You heard what my friend said," John retorted, furious. "I didn't answer my phone. I..."
Sherlock’s face fell immediately and John could see his shields slamming into place. “As I said before… it’s not important. Forget about it,” He said in a carefully unaffected manner, but it was obvious he was hurt.
John continued down the stairs, feeling slightly light-headed, until he'd reached the bottom landing.
"Ready for the next round?" John asked in a dark voice. Sherlock nodded eagerly and spread his legs in a way that couldn't be mistaken for anything other than an invitation.
"Looks like you have an interesting reel running in that mind palace of yours," John's faintly mocking voice tore him out of his gay military daydreams.
"What?" Sherlock asked sleepily. "I don't need to."
"Oh God," Sherlock groaned, applying himself more intensively.
. Sherlock simply didn’t understand how Moran was the only one who had sensed a threat against John, and had been the only one to react fast enough.
Mike blinked. Sherlock? At this time of night? What time was it anyway? Maybe something had happened to John... But then his wife continued speaking in a soft, enticing voice, and Mike's eyes popped open in surprise.
"There's still plenty there," Sherlock responded, sounding both exhausted and rather pleased with himself.
He found himself in a small room, the brick walls of which he might just barely have been able to touch if he'd stretched out both arms. There was an open passageway in the wall in front of him, where a petroleum lamp stood. John identified it as the light source whose dull glow had shone up the entry shaft to the outside. Here, it additionally illuminated the staircase that opened off the other side of the passageway, leading steeply even further downwards.
He also turned his phone off, just to be on the safe side. He didn't want to be subjected to another angry tirade from Susan. John got up and was just about to leave the office when Jacques entered with a tray containing his lunch.
"The deal with the Baskervilles went pretty well," he remarked after a while without looking up from the papers.
It actually surprised him a bit that Holmes had expected him to show up. Or had he just said that to throw him off balance? John would have liked nothing better than to shoot the bastard and sink both him and the car in the Thames, but Mike had flat out forbidden him from doing that.
He rested his elbows on the table, folded his hands under his chin, and leaned forward. He fixed John with a sober look out of his fascinating, pale eyes, causing John to lose himself for a moment in the shimmering iris and the bottomless pupils.
"Why do I only have employees who talk back?!" John swore quietly to himself before following Mycroft Holmes into the house.
?" Sherlock cut across his brother's wall of words. "JUST NOW?" he repeated. "Is it normal practise for you to hold meetings with him in the middle of the night? Do you always investigate bombings at this hour?"
Cover Art by me...
Up on the podium, Mycroft had just reached the last part of his little speech. He knew it backwards and forwards. He could have recited it in his sleep. As he didn't need to pay attention to the words coming out of his mouth, he let his eyes wander around the room.
Irene made sure that Sherlock had a day off both before and after John's
"Good," John said when his men were finished. "Let's go."
It wasn't until he was at the hospital - while John was speaking to the doctors in the A and E - that Sherlock realised it had been his willingness to die for John that had ended up saving them. His willingness and John's cold-blooded, pinpoint accuracy had turned everything for the better, against all odds.
"John..." Sherlock whispered in a strangled voice. John couldn't tell by the sound of it whether Sherlock was going to break into a rant or hysterical laughter.
"Don't worry," John replied, deliberately gruff, in order not to be suspected of going soft. "I wouldn't do you a favour unless... But fine. If I have to pay Miss Adler even more to make sure your arse is reserved for me, that's fine by me. One less thing to worry about."
Then he took one more step toward the door, only to turn back around immediately and go over to Mycroft, his strides quick and angry.
Irene listened breathlessly. It happened quite often that he rattled off a masterful monologue, but it was rare that he revealed something of himself through those speeches. She'd never seen him so agitated before. She felt the stirrings of sympathy in her breast, yet she couldn't help letting loose with her sharp tongue.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brompton_Oratory
"Charlie White was the killer who offed Kenneth?" Albright croaked.
"Fine!" Irene said and turned to go. At the door, she stopped and tossed a mocking look over her shoulder. "Your wish is my command. If an income opportunity like this turns up – completely uncoerced, I might add – I'm not going to let it slip through my fingers." She looked him over once more. "Don't embarrass me," she admonished him finally, before leaving the room.
Bad? Mike didn't know how to answer that question. What was Sherlock referring to? The fact that John was scared? Or the fact that John had admitted it to Sherlock? Or did Sherlock want to know if it was a bad thing that he hadn't noticed John's fear?
"You don't get it," John said, shaking his head. "You just don't get it... Do you know what your crackpot suggestion sounded like? As if Sherlock had to work for his own severance package!"
Greg finally let go of the butt and fished a fresh cigarette out of the pack. He lit it and took a deep drag.
"Friend … enemy... it's hard to tell the difference these days," he remarked acidly. "Just look at us … you might think we're friends, from a distance."
"Do you mean to say Moran not only has Charlie and Kenneth on his conscience... he also has a hand in this bombing fuckery that almost cost me my neck?" John hissed in an undertone. Then he held out his hand insistently.
If the groan that filled the room was any indication, Sherlock was having the time of his life. His hands scrabbled around on the table, trying to find something to hold on to, and finally clawed themselves around the edge of the tabletop over his head.
"Seven months, eleven days." Sherlock got to work on his shirt and pulled it out of his trousers.
“Maybe. But sex is everything I can expect from this life,” John said coldly, forcing himself not to look forward too much to the time when his house wouldn't be so quiet at night.
"Go and get your pyjamas so we can finally go to bed," John answered good-naturedly.
He set down his cup decisively. "Sherlock's not being paid," he announced out of the blue. "I think he should be paid."
"White rum," came the prompt reply.
"John, you're making a mountain out of a molehill again," Sherlock placated him absently without taking his eyes off the row of stones. "No one knows we're related, and Mycroft won't be the mayor forever... Your problem will solve itself eventually."
"Is that so. Green with envy. Will they really be?" he asked, lifting one eyebrow.
Sherlocks burning gaze followed him.
"Lord have mercy..." Irene groaned, lifting her eyes to the ceiling.
need a bed," John completed the sentence in a mocking tone.
Sherlock licked and swallowed, wanting to savour it as long as possible, but even as he was climaxing, John withdrew from the willing mouth and deposited the last dregs on Sherlock's lips and chin. Sherlock tried to catch as much as he could with his tongue, but John stopped him.
"You're both going to drive me mad," Mike complained and sat back down. He drank the rest of his coffee, feeling somewhat out of sorts. Then he had another idea. "We could fix it another way. Put Sherlock's name on a savings account or something, and I'll put a little money in every month. I'd hold onto the passbook as long as he's here, and when he leaves, he'll at least have a little nest egg to get him started again."
you kiss me," John whispered gruffly. "You always did before."
With the two fingers that had just been in Sherlock's mouth, and which were still wet with saliva, John smeared the semen around on the pale skin then shoved it back in where it came from. His fingers slid into Sherlock effortlessly, and the other man commented on the process with a guttural moan. With his other hand, John gave Sherlock an encouraging slap on the arse.
When he spoke again, his voice was hoarse with want and he felt nearly as wild as Sherlock. “Well, then... let's wank you a bit more and see if you're really able to orgasm like a man with a real cock.” John circled Sherlock's incredibly swollen cock with his thumb and his forefinger again. “If you can’t, though, we’ll have to stop. I don’t want to be cruel.” John grinned. He started a slow, pumping rhythm, just enough stimulation to make Sherlock desperate, but still not enough to tip him over the edge.
Irene didn't let him finish. "He's going to proclaim his love for you at some point. I'm sure if you tell him often enough, he'll... What is it now?!"
into the furthermost corner of his mind. He could wrack his brains over it some other day. But he fully intended to take advantage of the current situation. Maybe the relaxed, almost playful atmosphere between them would have a positive effect on Mycroft's close-mouthed, oyster-like attitude. Greg hadn't entirely given up the hope of getting some answers to his questions and shedding light on things. There was too much cop in him to just let things lie.
"Moriarty wasn't sitting there himself..."
It was like an image from heathen times... a human sacrifice on the altar. Tied down. Offered up. The youth fully aware of what an honour it was... chosen... called to appease the gods with his sacrifice. And yet... the fear... so alluring, so exciting, so empowering. And there was something else... the trust... the absolute trust in those fascinating eyes.
'? Was Lestrade just going to stand for 'Ginger' without so much as batting an eye? Impressive. Rather astonishing, in fact. He'd have to come up with something even more creative next time.
"Fuck!" John swore, threw his glass to the floor, where it shattered into a thousand pieces with a tinkling crash, and rushed over to Sherlock, his footfalls bearing witness to his fury. Sherlock thought it the better part of valour to get up and meet John's attack from a standing position.
," John added with an even bigger grin. "But leave the shirt on. I like it."
John for one was bound and determined to make sure they did.
"Not by a long shot," John answered with a lascivious grin. "I'll be right back," he said and stood up.
And then everything descended into a blinding nothingness. Everything around him and in him surged upward one last time... spiralling higher and higher... until it all burst in a glittering rain of shards.
John hadn't waited for the end of the rant, instead penetrating Sherlock directly with two fingers. After all these months, he knew Sherlock's body backwards and forwards, and his fingers slid easily in, right to the slight protrusion deep inside. It turned out to be unexpectedly difficult, however, to trigger an emission without sending Sherlock into quivering arousal and bringing about an orgasm as he usually did. John took concentrated breaths through his nose and made a concerted effort to keep his own lust in check. He traced his fingers in tiny circles around the collection of nerve endings, letting his fingertips press directly onto it again and again.
Mycroft sighed.
"Blond. Tall. Close-set eyes. Square chin," he murmured absently to himself. He tapped some keys with nimble fingers and forwarded the message to his own phone. His pocket buzzed as the message arrived, and he clenched his teeth in order to curb the effect the vibration had on him.
"I'm not going to coddle you - I'll work you hard. You've seen how lost we are without your input," John said, enjoying the way Sherlock's face lit up.
"I'd really like to believe you," he replied, his tone filled with sympathy. "But they found pictures of the dead men at your place. How do you explain that, hm?"
- monthly cost of a furnished flat in a less desirable part of the city
Bridges bent over and spoke in a low voice: "It's Dimmock, sir."
As long as he made sure to limit both himself and Sherlock to business tonight, it could be a highly stimulating experience for everyone. No complications. No emotional baggage.
An aria from an opera blared out of a CD player. Mike wasn't exactly uneducated when it came to the arts, but unlike John he preferred the theatre to the opera, and he didn't recognise either the aria or the opera it was from. With a sigh of resignation, he opened the door and found Sherlock reclining on the couch.
Her expression softened in the face of his protest. "You have a heart. I know you do. But it's so small that it's easy for you to hide it from other people. It takes a very patient man to find it... and because it's been hurt so much and is so damaged, it needs a good doctor to heal it."
Mike cleared his throat.
Then all hell broke loose.
“You don’t get it.”
John suddenly fell still beside him. Unnaturally still. Sherlock lifted his head to look at him, but John had already pushed him away and left the bed.
Sherlock's crutch clattered to the floor, where it lay forgotten, as Sherlock and John's lips met in a tender kiss that soon became hungrier and more passionate.
John got into the car with Mike right behind him.
John's office.
Mercifully, the belt of Sherlock's dressing gown - which he'd only knotted loosely - fell open just then, redirecting John's thoughts along other lines at the sight of a stripe of pale, naked skin. The shiny, burgundy red material flapped slightly along with Sherlock's movements, each time giving a different glimpse of the naked body that was hidden so insufficiently underneath it. The taut skin over his collarbone... the edge of a nipple... the perfect little dip of his navel... the slightly rounded shape of a thigh... and a completely slack penis. It was an erotic sight, and yet not one that triggered a driving lust in John. It was more a light, sensual tingle that completely overpowered him, and which he enjoyed to no end. It was like contemplating a well-done sculpture or reflecting on a masterful painting... were those the silent pleasures of the voyeur? John didn't know. He only knew one thing: Sherlock was a goddamned work of art, and John would never tire of simply looking at him.
"But it's just a body ... just a shell... it's not me, it's merely a relatively unimportant vessel ... a means to an end.
"Do I have to beat you into submission first?" John whispered with a fiendish grin.
“I'll give you an orgasm, I promise you that...” John growled into his ear, making Sherlock quiver with anticipation. “But only as long as you keep holding both ropes between your teeth. I'll even make a knot in them so it's easier.”
The two men watched each other openly for several seconds; Sherlock calm and relaxed, John cool and pensive. But at the end of those seconds, John did something he'd never done before.
He wasn’t so sure about Sherlock, though.
“That's going to be a bit difficult,” Sherlock said slowly. “At least not right away.”
"No," John insisted. "But I'm not completely heartless... you can have a little."
"WHAT?" John cried in horror. Mary and Moriarty seemed to be nonplussed and taken by surprise as well.
"Your lap dog is behaving atrociously. Maybe castrating it would calm it down. As luck would have it, I have an expert right here on hand. She's simply mad about knives, handles them with astounding flair. If you want him back safe and sound - and in one piece... then you'd better hurry and come to our meeting alone." The call cut off and the line went dead.
Mycroft blinked slowly and gave him a sceptical look. "That was... too easy."
John stood up abruptly.
John bit down hard on his lips.
"Oh, right - before I forget..." John spoke up again. "You have an appointment with my tailor tomorrow."
No - there was no way he was getting it up again at the moment.
for both of them. And for that reason, Sherlock was almost positive that John would greet his disclosure positively. Of course, there was always a small risk... but... John had said he missed him... No. There was no risk at all.
John clenched his toes inside his shoes. The scepticism and mistrust were written all over both men's faces. Of course there were two explanations for what had happened... someone didn't want John to find out the name of whoever it was that had posed as John's messenger, or... John had wanted to prevent anyone finding out that he actually was behind it all.
!' from between his teeth.
"Jealous, Mycroft?" Sherlock asked smugly.
For days - weeks, even - a heavy blue smog had settled down on their flat as the contents of the cigarillo box were decimated. John had endured it, albeit with quite a bit of tooth-grinding, but in the end Mrs Hudson had added her complaints as well and Sherlock had smoked the rest of his present outside... there had only been a scant few left anyway.
"What did I miss?" Thomas asked breathlessly when he stumbled back into the kitchen holding a bottle of mineral water.
"I'm going to cover your eyes now," he announced, and Sherlock gave his consent with a faint nod of his head.
John reduced the pressure of his lips, wanted to end the kiss, but Sherlock clung to him with a small sob that came from deep in his throat and didn't let go until the urge to voice those questions had finally disappeared.
John immediately turned to Mike. "You! You knew!" he cried, his words faintly accusing. "The two of you were conspiring behind my back."
"Easy..." John said, enjoying himself. "I'm going to get that fire in your arse going again." When the only response was more breathing, John asked, "Where are you right now?"
- Michelangelo's Pietà
"Are you going to punish me?" Sherlock heard himself ask in a voice he didn't recognise as his own.
"When will you ever learn to act like a Holmes - or at least like a reasonable human being?" he asked, having a hard time remaining in control.
John stared into Sherlock's pale, confident eyes with astonishment.
“Sherlock?”
The light from the bedside lamp cast a soft, yellow-white circle on the bed and didn't do much to illuminate the rest of the room. The whole scene reflected so much domesticity that Sherlock couldn't help walking over to John, taking his face in both hands and giving him a tender kiss. Of course it was ridiculous to fancy that John was his beloved husband, just back from a hard day at the office … but for a second or two, it was a nice little fantasy.
A fraction of a second later, the muscles deep inside Sherlock clenched together almost painfully around John's erection, practically ripping his orgasm from him. John pushed in deep one last time... thrust once more, and then lost himself in his pleasure. The only thing he was aware of was everything twitching and throbbing around him, Sherlock pulling taut beneath him like a violin string. Then John looked up, as if in a daze, just in time to catch Sherlock flinging both eyes and mouth open... disbelieving... ecstatic... his erect cock swelling even further... the little slit puffing up and twitching...
Sherlock blinked and closed his eyes. “All right. I'll come with you.” He didn't seem very happy about it; more like a general after losing a battle. But then he straightened his back and opened his eyes again, boring his gaze into John's. “I'll come with you. Under two conditions,” he stated firmly.
"I know," John calmly broke into Sherlock's diatribe. "And this time I wouldn't care. I did what needed to be done. I don't regret it."
"My... child?" he asked slowly. "But how..."
This second meeting had garnered a few inquisitive looks within his department, and might even have started the first rumours that he was the mayor's new protégé. Lestrade took a deep breath. For years - for decades, in fact - he'd keep strictly clear of any hint of favouritism. And now this! It wasn't even as if there were anything going on. He hadn't been offered anything, and he hoped it was going to stay that way.
John breathed out small, moist kisses against the uninjured corner of Sherlock's mouth and wrapped his fingers around Sherlock's stiff member. Sherlock gasped and his body stiffened, his muscles tensing.
"If you go off now..." John warned him.
Oh, how he loved that smile.
Comments and thanks:
,' John thought with a generous portion of self-deprecation. '
"If you say so..." John said indulgently. "Can I offer you something? Cognac? To toast the new year?"
from you?" John replied with a thin smile and a slight shake of his head. "As rare as it is that you say it to me..."
on John. He'd see through them right away for what they are - a mask. And even if he didn't, it would be abhorrent to me to lie to him," Sherlock remarked matter-of-factly. "And now will that be all?"
"You should get that twitchiness under control..." John warned him sternly. Sherlock held still as John wound something made of cloth around his sac and knotted it tightly. Sherlock drew in a sharp breath between his teeth and his hands tightened on the rung as the first wave of lust rolled through his body. John's fingers probed his full, tied-off testicles and Sherlock heard him murmur, "Good... not too tight..." before he felt a hand on his shoulder... a kiss on the back of his neck and John's mouth against his ear.
"He always loved you more than he did me," Mycroft said so calmly that Sherlock's throat became tight.
"Yes, please, John," Sherlock begged.
The remark seemed to throw John for a curve. A faint grin appeared on his face, and he struggled to take a breath. "Fine – you can leave out the card. He knows which side his bread's buttered on either way." He rubbed one hand over his face, both exhausted and agitated, then focused on Mike again. The red gleam in his eyes hadn't completely died out, and Mike was alert for whatever might come next.
With that realisation, he tried to process the day's events, to correlate them, to make sense of them. But he failed miserably.
"Fine," Mike acquiesced. "But just one more thing - John... this thing with Sherlock isn't forever. There's something wrong with the guy... I can feel it. He's going to leave sometime. And what happens then?"
Sherlock nodded firmly, as he didn't trust his voice at this point. Yes. For John.
person," Sherlock contradicted him. "You want to ... break me ... destroy me... like any other client. But your method is much more... interesting; fascinating. I am truly impressed."
Sherlock had known it. He'd known from the start what he was getting into. Still, he'd hoped. He'd hoped just a tiny bit that there would be something more. What that
At least not … that. Of course they discussed things... laughed about things... exchanged kisses...
, you idiot... If you need me..." His voice sank to a whisper. "… I'm here for you." Then he cleared his throat and went on in a normal tone: "And now come on... those letters to Italy aren't going to write themselves."
"John... where's your gun?" Mike asked calmly.
For a brief moment, displeasure and distaste, longing and desperation flitted across Sherlock's face. But then he bowed his head and glanced to the side.
"Well?" John asked when he was done. "Do you already have some idea as to what kind of cigar I have here?"
John looked at him as if he'd lost his mind.
There. I hope you guys are satisfied now. Sherlock got his biscuit!
Sherlock glanced at the clock.
"It'll go away in a minute," John joked and pulled a cover up over Sherlock. "Now go to sleep."
Neither of the two men really had their mind on what they were doing, though. Mike still couldn't believe that Sherlock had got his Susan to flirt with him - and Sherlock... Sherlock was still struggling with thoughts of Mycroft's package, which had been lying open in his old room for the past two days.
To Sherlock's regret, John released their embrace... but not without first giving him a deep, searching look that Sherlock couldn't quite parse.
And that meant Sherlock was the only one in John's life at the moment. No competition. No other man. John belonged to
"Disappointed?" John asked with a smile, as if he knew which ensemble Sherlock had been dreaming of... in fact, he might really know. John was shockingly clairvoyant today.
"Shhh..." was all John said, and then Sherlock felt two hands on his buttocks, pulling his cheeks apart.
John shoved the last piece of toast into his mouth and rinsed it down with the rest of his tea. "I'd better be making a move." He stood up, went over to Sherlock and kissed him on the mouth. His kiss was returned with passionate interest, and the lusty pull in his groin reported back. "See you later," John murmured, kissing Sherlock once more before straightening up and going to the door. Halfway there, a thought came to him. He stopped and turned.
But then the man suddenly turned toward him. He'd probably sensed that he was being watched.
Dave’s jaw tightened. “If it’s about the drive from Crieff to London, then...”
Sherlock exhaled in relief.
At least he wasn't bored, which did happen sometimes (when John left him alone too long, for one).
"Remind me to strangle you at the next opportunity."
Greg sighed and rubbed the back of his neck. "It won't be easy..."
"Leave them on," John commanded him sharply. "The shirt too. Get on the desk."
("… a dainty almond biscuit...")
And so he repeated, "Bored," with a little smile that was both mocking and incredulous.
A terrible sense of foreboding came over John, and he felt himself going pale. But it was never a good idea to draw premature conclusions. He therefore pressed for more information: "Dimmock?"
"My pleasure, sir," Thomas replied promptly. He couldn't be convinced to drop the
John noted with a grin that Sherlock was barely aware of his own arousal; instead, his gaze remained fixated on John's crotch, where an obvious bulge ruined the line of his bespoke suit. Oh, yes... his tailor was rich.
Sherlock continued staring at the closed door, puzzled and incredulous.
"Yeah, I know," John shot back rudely. "Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade. Back in active service. My God! He could get me in a hell of a lot of hot water..."
“God, yes,” Sherlock gasped softly, not letting the hand John was touching him with out of his sight.
"I don't know exactly what happened. But I gather they ran into each other more or less accidentally. I didn't get there until John was leaving... and then he insisted on coming home right away." Mike shook his head. "You should have seen the look on his face... He insisted on getting behind the wheel himself. Drove like a maniac. I thought for sure he was going to kill us all. I told him a million times he should slow down - if the police had stopped us... with all our weapons..." Mike shuddered. "He wouldn't listen - he was beyond reason. We finally managed to talk him into letting Dave drive. Although... I'm not sure that was much better." He regarded Sherlock with tired, sad eyes. "He sat with me in the back seat and … he started drinking. Right from the bottle... Shame for that lovely Glenturret. Emptied nearly half the bottle. Fortunately, he had to take a leak then so I could call you. I also managed to convince him to give me his gun."
Sherlock could see something change in John's expression as it softened with surprise and contentment.
Sherlock let him, even managing to maintain his stance on his own two shaky legs until John's strong arms wrapped around him, embraced him, held him close and carefully shifted him onto the bed.
"What are you planning?" Sherlock repeated his question.
?! He looked down at John, hardly daring to believe it yet with a sense of foreboding. But John was still fixated on Mycroft and wasn't paying any attention to Sherlock.
“Absolutely,” Mike averred firmly, holding his hand out to Sherlock.
oooOOOoooOOOoooOOOooo
"Stop?"
"We'll remember next time," John suggested, trying not to let it show how relieved he was to hear Sherlock speaking again.
"If you want my opinion..." Mike began.
." He swivelled his chair around so that he could face Greg.
"Too bad."
But since then, Sherlock had been having these nightmares almost every night and he had no idea why. Everything had ended well. John was alive. Sherlock was alive. His wound would heal eventually. Moriarty and Mary Moran were rotting in their Victorian reservoir slash tomb, and Mycroft was covering up the entire affair so that he didn't get dragged into it through his secretary's involvement... and so that John didn't go to prison, which would also reveal Mycroft's connections to the mob.
"That was different. I was just angry then. Furious."
John breathed deliberately through his nose in order to get a handle on his hunger and his lust. God, this young man was truly exquisite, the way his muscles twitched, urgent yet insatiable, around John's penis... how easy it would be to quench that insatiable desire... but that wasn't the deal. That wasn't the plan. John wanted it to be a challenge for Sherlock. Maybe he even wanted him to fail... he wasn't quite sure on that point himself. But what he definitely didn't want was to make it any easier for Sherlock, or to do it for him.
is more formal, as it can also mean Lord (God) in a religious context.)
"The last time you were
The gym! It took some effort for Sherlock to suppress a snort. The gym was a room with tiny, narrow windows and a punching bag hanging from the ceiling, where John stored his weights. There was also a treadmill and a stationary bicycle. At least Sherlock could use the space for his stretching exercises and to keep somewhat in practise with his baritsu. He'd done the same thing when he lived with Irene, but in the long run it didn't do a thing for the leaden ennui that fell over him whenever John wasn't there. He felt so terribly useless. Like a parasite. It was almost as bad as back before he'd decided to work for Irene.
