You never did tell me your playing style and what sort of character you created, incidentally.
“Come on,” John said. “Before my muscles start to tighten up again.”
“Oh, no,” John said, finally understanding. “No, we’re not—”
“Did Greg finally talk to you?” John asked. “Actually—no, if you had a case, we wouldn’t be here.”
John made a mental note to never offer to help Mrs Hudson again. “Right,” he said. “I’ll just… clean myself up in the loo.”
John nodded once, looking down at the bottle of lubricant, which he spun around in his hand, scanning the label. “A bit, I suppose. Not sure why. Just….”
. John couldn’t remember any time she had seen Sherlock in the red, lumpy armchair that John had claimed as her own. But she wasn’t given any time to ponder that.
Sherlock came, slowly, feeling like a wary pet approaching its owner. When he was close enough, John extended his arms and pulled him close, and then they were kissing, Sherlock hunching so that John didn’t have to stretch. John’s fingers sank into Sherlock’s hair and his lips were so soft, so warm, and opened so eagerly against Sherlock’s. Sherlock sucked and licked his bottom lip, even gave it a little nibble, which made John lift suddenly onto his toes with a quiet sound of pleasure that Sherlock could feel as well as hear.
“We’ve got… marinara or pesto sauce, it looks like,” said John. The statement was accompanied by the noise of rummaging through a cupboard and then a startling
“Look. I’ve handled this really badly, I know. And I’m sorry for that. I probably came off like a right knob.”
“Oh fuck,” Sherlock echoed, awestruck by the sight. John’s fingers, the ones covering his loose and no doubt tender hole, curved and pressed harder, as though relishing the lingering sensation of being penetrated. Reliving it perhaps. Remembering how Sherlock had held him down and fucked him until he sobbed.
“Hi. You didn’t have to make his cock smaller.”
Sherlock blinked, looking faintly startled. But pleasantly so—of course, since he was getting exactly what he wanted. “Yes.”
apologise for that. I’ll never get any work done. I’ll be too busy licking your cunt and letting you rub off on my hip.”
Sherlock grunted with every backwards thrust, a muffled “uhhn” every time John’s knuckle kissed his rim, followed by a hearty suck on John’s throat as he thrust forwards, dragging his wet cock along John’s lower ribs. He sounded gorgeous; he probably looked even better, his skin growing flushed with fresh blood and his plump arse bouncing on John’s hand.
DI Lestrade, however, didn’t seem bothered by Sherlock’s volume. “I mean he turned himself in. He’s a junior doctor, lives in a flat not far from here. Apparently, he heard the sirens, panicked, and took a taxi to Scotland Yard. Donovan’s interrogating him now. And if you ever deigned to answer your phone, you’d know all this by now.”
When he opened his eyes again, he saw that Sherlock was staring at his own hands, which were fussing with the scarf like he might do a suit before a black tie event. The whole thing struck John as either terribly romantic or terribly paternal. He wasn’t sure which of the two he preferred.
Suddenly John was speaking before he’d realised he was about to. “Sherlock, you can’t be here. You…”
“Oh god,” Sherlock muttered, utterly un-cat-like, although John only chuckled. “Oh, yes.” He turned up his arse even more: a plea for another swat.
he seemed to ask.
<JohnHWatson> My arse. That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
“Shit,” John says, after glancing down as well, and yanks his hand hastily away. “Sorry. I wasn’t—erm, wasn’t really paying attention. God. Sorry. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
But Mycroft would not leave him alone. He stalked Sherlock from one corner of the room to another, and it wasn’t until Mrs Hudson stamped her feet as hard as she could and shouted, “Stop that right this instant.
“Well, for starters, we live together. We’ve been friends for years. And not just friends, mind, but best friends. We’re colleagues. Adding sex, a relationship, it’s just—” John sighs, deep etchings of gloom on his forehead. “It’s a lot, and if something goes… badly, then we lose a lot.”
Your punctuation ‘rules’ undermine the entire function of punctuation in the first place, which is to provide a structure for written language to conform to so that the meaning is universally understandable. The range of dialects and individual idiosyncrasies throughout the English language being as vast as they are, there is no standard place to ‘pause’ in any sentence. And in response to your
JohnHWatson: By the way, the corpse comment reminded me I wanted to ask you how you got into video games?
John moved, finally, turning around and letting Sherlock put his coat on for him. “Don’t forget the ring,” he said as he adjusted the collar.
My mind’s never even started to wander when you’re talking. I hang on every word you say. I want to know all about your life.
That’s about it really. He said some rubbish about the war at the end, but I wasn’t really listening by that point.
endearing.
I thought I might try giving it a go. Telling people I might not be straight, that is.
Sherlock’s eyebrows lifted, and John realised that he already knew: Sherlock was showing off. Giving John the case that John had been interested in, promising John adventure and danger, flaunting his cleverness and his brilliance for John like a peacock with his tail feathers fanned out.
It’s… it’s barely ten.
Sherlock stops listening, stepping back and rubbing his temples and struggling to breathe. He needs to sit; he needs to think. One year of “obvious,” when he spent every moment analysing every aspect of John’s behaviour from every possible angle and found evidence of nothing but platonic admiration and the occasional stray sexual thought and masturbatory fantasy? What did he miss? He must’ve missed something, and how long has he been missing it, and for god’s sake,
“Please,” he said, soft and breathy, as close to
He fetched the BlackBerry.
“So you’ve met someone?” Ella asked during their next appointment.
John swatted at him and they tussled briefly, Sherlock pinning John against the sink while John jammed his fingers into the ticklish spots in Sherlock’s armpits. They were giggling, squirming against each other. Sherlock’s hair, still wet and mostly unmanaged, dripped onto John’s chest and shoulders.
He stood, rested his middle and forefinger on the still-tender area on John’s forehead, and pushed until it smarted. John hissed and leaned away until Sherlock dropped his hand.
, he thought,
John closed her eyes, imagining it. Sherlock tugging John into her lap, Sherlock’s narrow hips between John’s strong thighs, Sherlock’s lips pressing chaste but worshipful kisses along her cleavage, Sherlock cupping the undersides of John’s breasts and squeezing and lifting them, Sherlock closing her lips around a nipple and sucking gently—and through all of it, John would feel…?
Besides, Sherlock had done many, many odd things in his life—he’d even worn a collar before, although in public and as part of a disguise for a case—but he had never crawled after a toy ball. And at the moment, the idea—the unusualness of it—was intriguing. Almost as intriguing as the idea of being pissed on had seemed.
“Sorry,” he said. “Thought it might be my sister.”
It was several seconds before Sherlock realised that John hadn’t responded to that, and suddenly the ridiculous cliché about the temperature of a room decreasing seemed quite apt. Looking over his computer screen at John—who was facing away, his shoulders tense and his hands clenched into fists—Sherlock felt a chill roll through him.
Sherlock grinned at John, as though expecting him to share in some sort of joke, and when John only stared stonily back, Sherlock’s sunny glow of excitement finally began to dim. Grin falling, he glanced away, then plucked the protective glasses off his head and shoved them into the pocket of his dressing gown with a haste and sheepishness that said quite clearly he’d forgotten he was wearing them.
“Suck on your fingers. I want to hear you when your mouth is full.”
Sherlock shuddered in pleasure and let out a moan that pitched louder when John’s fingers slipped inside. One of the benefits of being buggered by a doctor—John could find and manipulate Sherlock’s prostate as effortlessly as he could work a gun. In minutes, Sherlock’s hard cock was red and twitching, and his chest was heaving, breaths coming and leaving him in gasping sobs.
Like that, with Sherlock becoming quickly oversensitive and overwhelmed, John let his mind run wild. Imagined black tentacles wrapping more tightly around Sherlock, keeping him immobile as another one—or two, or three—were stuffed into his tight little arse, pounding him relentlessly, moving him about like a ragdoll and using him like he was nothing but a hole to be fucked.
“Hm? No. Molly’s offered me a bag of toes. I’m off to Bart’s to fetch them.”
John slipped the tentacle out and, when Sherlock arched up and tried to chase it, was caught by a wave of lust so strong it made his knees go weak. With a hand on Sherlock’s collarbone to keep him down, John set the toy on the bedside table.
—could convince him to stop.
You wouldn’t have heard of a consulting detective before because I’m the only one in the world. I invented the job. When the police are out of their depth—which is always—they come to me. I examine the evidence, question suspects and witnesses, and inevitably observe things that everyone else has overlooked.
were coming and that you wouldn’t leave off until you’d pissed off my entire team.” Lestrade shifted his focus back to John, fixing him with a flinty-eyed stare that reminded John very keenly how much he didn’t belong here. “Course, I didn’t expect you to bring someone else with you. And speaking of, you still haven’t told me who the hell this is.”
,” Sherlock hisses, and the pompous diatribe cuts off immediately.
John jerked backwards. Tried to, anyway, although there was nowhere to go, so he only succeeded in jamming himself painfully against the wall. The only response Sherlock had to Mrs Hudson’s voice was to lift his head and roll his eyes to the ceiling with a sigh.
No. More likely, she mentally cast about for something that would be comparable to Sherlock’s inquiry into Richard’s wellbeing and settled on John only for lack of any other option.
(In fact, Ella knew nothing about SH. The idea of trying to vocalise any of what John had been doing—accepting money to do the bidding of a stranger on the internet, waiting on tenterhooks to be allowed to carry on doing the man’s bidding no matter how rude and off-putting he was—made John want to cancel all his therapy appointments and never leave his flat again.)
Sherlock tried to sit up, to give John all of his attention, but he quickly discovered that one of his arms was asleep from his elbow to his fingers. It flopped about awkwardly, distracting him until John continued.
It did, in a way. At least, it didn’t feel like he was sticking his erection in a cylinder of rubber, or whatever it was made from, but it also was nothing like sex, anal or otherwise. Real penetrative sex for John meant feeling his partner’s muscles ripple, hearing them gasp and groan, watching their chests heave and their expressions go slack with pleasure. None of which was possible with a toy.
“Did you?” Sherlock said, his voice barely even a whisper.
But didn’t it put quite an interesting idea in Sherlock’s head?
“Sherlock! What did I say?”
“Well,” Sherlock amends hastily, “yes, I
As soon as Sherlock sat down beside him, he finally bit through his toast, set the remaining portion back on his plate, and swiped his hand twice across his trousers. He had the grace at least to swallow before he spoke. “There’s a murder on page—” He flipped quickly through the pages and made a noise of triumph when he’d found what he was looking for. “There we go. Not a lot of details, but…”
“I’m sorry. How did he die?”
You think that for certain do you?
She put on her slippers and went into the living room, where she was greeted with the sight of Sherlock and John both in the cat bed. John was curled into a tight ball in the centre, asleep with his head on his paws, and Sherlock was wrapped around him, wide awake and grooming behind John’s ears.
“You can bite,” said Sherlock. His thumb skidded lightly over John’s molars, stopping just before they reached his left top fang. John shook from the effort it took to not nip, not even a little. “I don’t mind. It actually feels quite… nice.”
“New case?” John asked.
John blinked, at first startled that she knew, but then he remembered that he’d written about it in his blog. The only person who’d commented had been Harry, whose “OHOHO! Good for you!!!! When do I get to meet her??” hadn’t seemed worth responding to.
Which wasn’t anywhere within easy reach, now that Rosie was crawling and would soon be walking. Nor would it do any good against…whatever it was.
“Against this wall.” He leaned in, brushing his lips against the shell of John’s ear. “I want to suck your fat, perfect cock until you’re clawing at the wall and begging so much you’ll be just as hoarse as I will.”
This time, John didn’t lower his arm, keeping his phone aimed. It would be easier to correct his aim if he wasn’t starting again each time. Dimly, he heard someone behind him snicker.
‘So tight, so good. Fucking ruin you. Mine. Take it, take it, please, I need it, please. Oh fuck, I need.’
not allowed up here either,” Mrs Hudson said, but was stopped from shooing either of the cats off when John began to make noise too. Not a chirrup like Sherlock, but rather more of a chatter.
“You’re a whore,” Sherlock said, gritting her teeth as the pleasure rocked through her and tried to rattle her thoughts entirely. “Look at you. I don’t even have to move. You’re doing all the work, fucking yourself on my cock like a good little whore.”
She opened her eyes, for the first time since… whenever it was that she had closed them, which was clearly some time ago, as the light in the sitting room seemed so bright it made her eyes water and she had to squint and blink rapidly until her vision adjusted.
, John thought. His fangs had lengthened. He wanted to plunge his hands into the mess and then lick them clean.
But before he can respond, John shakes his head and continues. “Ah well. That was brilliant, by the way. You knew from half a glance at one photograph that that man wasn’t her biological father.”
—is clear enough.
“You want it, boy? Go get it!”
on pain. I—”
It was bliss. So glorious and perfect that Sherlock brought a fistful of bedsheets to his mouth so that he could wail into them.
After a second or two of silence, Mrs Hudson says, “After I saw the two of you dancing, I thought there mightn’t
For several seconds, they breathed as one, watching each other, shuffling back into sync when they’d spent more than a month so far out of it.
She did. No lockpicking necessary!
That was not at all what John had been expecting. He frowned at the phone before responding.
John would’ve thought Sherlock would want to defile him in the jumper he’d bought, but since he evidently didn’t, John wasted no time taking it off. It was only after he was shirtless that he remembered his scar: the mottled and gnarled bit on his shoulder where it looked like some godlike being had taken a handful of skin and
He stays still and silent, nearly shaking with anticipation, until he feels a warm wet nose nudge between his arse cheeks, followed by a smooth tongue lapping at his hole.
It’s more of a nip than a proper bite, mostly painless and certainly not likely to leave a lasting mark. It’s also over in a single second. Then John is pulling back, licking his lips.
Sherlock was going to argue. John could see it on his stupidly attractive face, the way he sucked in a sharp breath through his nose even though he didn’t need to breathe to speak (he probably thought it made him seem dramatic, the berk), and John had long since tired of this conversation.
A noise came from Sherlock’s violin then unlike anything John had ever heard: an ear-piercing screech, the sort that should’ve been able to shatter glass. John flinched and recoiled, and Mycroft hastened his pace out the door and down the staircase. Sherlock stopped as soon as the front door had shut behind him.
Mrs Hudson’s lips tighten and thin like a piano wire, and the look she gives Sherlock is sopping with pity. Unnecessary, of course. Sherlock was perfectly content—thrilled, really—to be the best man, the best friend.
“I—” Uncomfortably aware of his own sleep-hoarseness, John cleared his throat. “Sorry? Who is this?”
“Even worse, to be honest. You bloody do. Have you seen yourself?”
“Yeah.” John laughed again. “So. I dunno what I thought. Definitely not… well.”
You started playing video games so you wouldn’t get high?
“Beg your pardon?”
John was rather horrified to feel that his fangs were emerging, from nothing but Sherlock’s words and the rising scent of death. Christ, but they were like four little cocks attached to his gums, making themselves known when he’d really rather they didn’t—and wasn’t that an odd image.
Or, at least, he managed before Sherlock grew tired of shouting and lifted him bodily out of bed by his underarms. He sat up, more than a little groggy, and kicked the sheets off so that Sherlock wouldn’t think he meant to go back to sleep and rip them off and toss them on the floor again.
“That’s mine, you know,” John said, not sounding terribly put out.
An obvious cue. Sherlock sat back, his chin raised and his mouth open, and yipped, then made himself pant. It should have felt ridiculous, but it didn’t. Not with John staring at him so warmly, grinning so broadly, looking as though Sherlock was the centre of his universe.
Instead, he feels exceedingly drowsy. He’s not slept since John pulled his hair over the heroin—why would he? dull, boring, much better use of time to remember and relive and plot—and the constant, careful motion of John’s fingers in his hair at the moment is surprisingly hypnotic, soothing.
4:11 p.m.
Sherlock shrugged, still looking pleased and proud. “You enjoyed hearing about the ‘murderous fetishist,’ as you called him. I thought you might like hearing about my other cases.”
I arrived safely (boringly—I’d have much preferred a hazardous situation popping up) back in London early this morning. I’ll probably spend the rest of the day playing Caranguard, as your emails have made me want to revisit it.
Somehow there are 24 photos on my phone of you pouting with a marked up throat and a messy cock. Any idea how that happened?
Which game did your therapist recommend? And why did you choose Caranguard instead?
The last syllable had barely left Sherlock’s mouth before a sensation like a fist, cold and brutal, slammed into John’s diaphragm. He went down, coughing and gasping, clawing at the floor to lift himself up again.
“Yes. Friend of mine. Well, I say friend….”
“Yeah, but it packs a hell of a punch. Oh, nice. Look at that: one shotgun shell to the head and even the big guys with the masks go down.”
John could feel Sherlock’s feeble laugh against his back. “It’ll pass. In 50 or so years, you won’t need or want to feed so often.”
“Is gender significant?” Sherlock asked, in the same purring tone. “If, for instance,
“John.”
John didn’t seem to notice. “Good, okay. Well. I, erm, have to be up early tomorrow.”
“Well, it’s not bad. Just a bit surprising at first, but you more or less get used to it.”
she thought,
“Ugh,” John groans, sitting up. “I need the loo.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock assures him.
“Degrading,” Sherlock agreed. The folder had been abandoned, and now he seemed interested solely in John. “The murderer sought out submissive men to make a mockery of them. The result of ingrained homophobia and outdated ideas of masculinity, and a deep hatred of his own desires. He visited newly formed groups to find his victims—lots of new faces, everyone blurs together, and no one thinks anything of it if someone never returns.”
Sherlock stared, confusion clouding his eyes and drawing his eyebrows lower.
“C’mon,” said John. “Dunno about you, but I fully intend to spend the rest of tonight in this bed.”
Sherlock blinks, and Mycroft’s voice is silenced, his tea is lukewarm, and John is standing in front of him, peering down at him, the skin between his brows puckered with worry. Sherlock’s mobile phone is balanced on the arm of his chair, its screen still illuminated and displaying Mycroft’s latest text message (
“Right, then,” Mycroft says after a long pause. “A piece of advice, if I may?”
Ugh, what wasn’t wrong with it? Sherlock couldn’t envision himself saying the words. They’d catch in his throat and stick so stubbornly that he’d likely sick up all over himself trying to free them; he was already feeling a bit ill just imagining it. Not to mention that it would leave him open and vulnerable, his stupid proverbial heart at his feet, and if both Sherlock and Lestrade were wrong, if John frowned and drew his eyebrows together in confusion and said,
And didn’t that just do John’s head in.
Sherlock jumped at the sound, confused, and didn’t realise until John went tense and began to rub soothingly at his bum what had happened: Sherlock had been spanked.
How did you know about my parents?
Sherlock didn’t grin back, apparently too far gone. With every press of John’s fingers, she moaned deep in her throat, and her expression grew more and more pinched.
He wiggled it free and held it up as the box fell to the floor with a dull thump. The light glinted in the gold like a flame, or a very small sun. He slipped it onto his finger. (The ring finger, left hand. Obviously.) It was too loose; Sherlock could spin it round and round.
“My assistance,” John said, incredulous and utterly confused. “Are you kidding?”
“You put this thing into you,” John said, sliding in the last few centimetres until the flared base of the dildo was flush against Sherlock’s arse, “while it was
“Uh!” John cried. Her head fell forwards, hitting the wall. “Fuck!”
There have been several developments in the case since my last email. I’m certain now that the Spirsons were forced off the road by a lorry and either killed straightaway or, more likely, incapacitated and taken somewhere else to be killed. Their car was then hauled away and the area cleaned up, although clearly not thoroughly enough. (I deduced all this from multiple pieces of evidence, including a shard of windscreen glass and a disturbed patch of grass, incidentally.)
Sorry, just realised I didn’t answer your question in that last email. I’m not sure what you mean about the difficulty. I don’t think it gave me a choice when I started playing, so it’s just the normal setting I suppose?
You have no idea what it was like. People at school were cruel to her, mum and da were on her back about everything.
But, in the absence of informing him, what else is there to say except “Of course”? And then: “Today would work, if you haven’t any objections.”
Then he fetched his coat and left without another word.
“Under normal circumstances, no,” John agreed. “Probably not. Does ‘business’ ever take him to America?”
Sherlock peered at John with the same hungry intensity he sometimes got when he was interviewing witnesses. It was unnerving. John wanted to fidget, but held himself straight and still.
But mostly they reminded him of Sherlock. Not just because Sherlock had bought them for John—sought them out specifically for John, then sat at a table in a restaurant and fondled John’s feet just to relish the feel of them—but also because the skull design brought to mind the skull on Sherlock’s mantel. Which might’ve been the entire point, John supposed.
He felt… curiously little, in fact. His mind was as quiet and still as the flat, which was… fine. It was good. He would remain rational. He wouldn’t rush to conclusions and fall to pieces over nothing but a bloody ring box in a drawer.
Firstly, the phone was fully functional. He could ring and text Harry’s old phone, which could ring and text the BlackBerry back, and he could even access the internet.
“Harder,” Sherlock says, dipping his voice low and accentuating his breathlessness. Appealing to John’s lust, his memories of Sherlock on his back begging for it harder.
It didn’t. If anything, Sherlock thought that he was more desensitised than everyone else. That’s why he wasn’t dumbfounded by every slightly clever crime he consulted on. It’s why he was always so bloody
Then, to drive the point home, he shimmied his hips from side to side, making his tail wag and drawing John’s gaze to it. Reminding him that Sherlock was still plugged and had been this whole time, that it was only a small leap to removing the tail and replacing it with his cock.
Sherlock blinked. “Of course I did,” he said in a tone that suggested ‘Why on earth wouldn’t I?’
managed to help.
John is extraordinary like this. So full of Sherlock’s cock. And he takes it so well, so perfectly. There’s no gagging, no accidental scraping of teeth or amateurish sloppiness. He’s done this before, clearly. He’s done this many times, perhaps even with many—
Sherlock blinked, seeming first taken aback and then terribly disappointed. “Oh. Yes. Well. Tonight, then. Six o’clock at—no, seven. Seven? No, perhaps six after all.”
“So.” Sherlock sat back, still smiling, and picked up his own cup of coffee. He took such a generous gulp of it that John couldn’t imagine how he didn’t burn the hell out of his tongue and oesophagus, but he only gave a little nose twitch and smacked his lips, then set the cup aside. “Cases!”
“Shit.”
“That is a massive oversimplification,” Sherlock feels compelled to point out. The reality, after all, involved a great deal of blood and betrayal with a touch of death and conspiracy.
Sherlock thinks fiercely.
Heavy footsteps on the stairs, a barely audible creak of a floorboard, followed by: “Oi, what are you—Jesus, Sherlock, give me that!”
“Pillow,” Sherlock decides. “Get me one.”
“Here?”
Doing what?
I’m all right, thanks.
correspond. Is this one of them?”
Christ I no idea what I’m talking about anymore. Are you still there?
Sherlock couldn’t bear it. He’d never recover.
That was an enticing idea. “I could do, yeah,” she said aloud, trying for casual but sounding breathless instead. Rather than go for her knickers, though, which Sherlock clearly expected, John took off her shirt first and then leant forwards so that her breasts hung over Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock considers her. Paler and four pounds lighter than when he last saw her, and her usual smile and cheerful glow are considerably muted. No, she isn’t well.
“I don’t need it,” John said. “I didn’t even want any of it, which I was—” A hair fracture in his calm, albeit not quite enough to shatter it. “Which you
“Yes,” she said, scooting backwards slightly so John had more room to manoeuvre. “Show me how you like it. Right up against your clit, or is it too strong for that?”
For several minutes, Sherlock allows that thought to linger. Imagines himself as the earth to John’s sun: drawn to him, warmed by him.
, he realises.
“Can’t do it in front of Mrs Hudson. She gets upset,” Sherlock said, calmly as you please. His eyes opened again, and he peered at John. “Oh. So do you.” He surged to a seated position and began to rip off the top patch.
But as his thrusts gained more and more momentum, the sloppier his mouth and teeth got and the harder he tugged.
JohnHWatson: But not offended enough to hit you ;)
John hadn’t so much as thought of the site in ages, at least a month. That Sherlock was thinking of it—and not only that, but doing things on it, when his profile had been all but empty the last time John had looked—was surprising.
“Hmm.”
I don’t! Look, I understand if you were embarrassed and I’m sorry if I gave the wrong impression but I’m not gay. I’ve got a girlfriend.
Just from how she dressed and how she carried herself. Christ that makes me sound like a right twat does’t it?
No….?
The bruising from the spanking is disappointingly minor. Rather than the excruciating sunset of colours Sherlock hoped for, the pale skin of his bottom is marred only by blotches of red that ache when he prods at them or sits directly on them.
What about you? Why did you decide to become not just a doctor, but an Army doctor?
“You should know better than to bother wearing clothing,” Sherlock says, sprawled on the sofa while John examines his shredded shirt and the bits of his trousers scattered about the floor.
John closed his eyes for a second, licking his lips. ‘It.’ Like Sherlock’s prick was just another toy for John to play with, no different than the Fleshlight. John rocked back into Sherlock’s hands, feeling his own prick bob between his legs, already so stiff and thick.
interested in breast prostheses, that’s fine, I’ll give it a go. But otherwise, I honestly don’t care. Understand? I
“Do we need to talk about last night?” John said abruptly, the first words she’d spoken since coming downstairs.
He lifted his chin defiantly. “His boyfriend.”
“No,” he said. “I’m—I’ll be fine until we get home.”
“Maybe not now. But yeah, an apology might be good.”
“Close the door please.”
John licked his lips. “Do you, erm—”
Despite that, her wide-eyed, wary expression became soft and half-lidded, and she began breathing more quickly than before.
, he answered, and flopped onto the sofa with his face to the cushion and his feet dangling over the edge. His phone, still in his hand, buzzed again.
“Three thousand,” said Sherlock.
? Why does Sherlock’s body remain dull and limp while his mind sparks and lights like a firework? It’s inexplicable and
. It was so colloquial, so dirty. Sherlock talking dirty…. John’s knees bent, her toes curled. She imagined Sherlock saying other words: pussy, cock, fuck.
“Ugh!” This time, the frustration is a hot bolt down his spine, and Sherlock digs the fingers of both hands into his hair and
It hurt, the rush of lust that swept through Sherlock’s body at that. Her clit throbbed, swollen and oversensitive, and she couldn’t resist squeezing her thighs together, giving it a hint of satisfaction.
Sherlock starts, bringing the moment back sharply into focus. He nearly answers yes, that he’s fine, but… no. No.
Sherlock had chosen the silver dildo today. It was thinner than the purple one that John favoured, but also longer, stiffer, and with a nice fat head that always passed John’s G-spot entirely, teasing her with the feeling of
Once he’d reached the pavement outside, he was halted by a muffled chime from his coat pocket. The BlackBerry. He fished it out so he could read the incoming text message.
Sherlock?
“Of course you are,” Sherlock said. “Such a slut, you’ll put anything in you, won’t you?”
, Sherlock nearly says,
“Okay.”
“Female, late thirties. Height of 1.7 metres, weight of 72.4 kilograms. Is it possible it would take less than an hour for the body to burn?”
John yanked her hands away, suddenly worried she’d overstepped some sort of boundary. To her surprise, Sherlock let out a little moan and tried to lift her hips as if mourning the loss.
He punctuates the statement with a slow, insinuating nuzzle to John’s hip, so very close to where John’s penis is lying soft and satisfied, so that John knows precisely what he is referring to.
Sherlock puts his gloves on and then pauses for a moment, fiddling with them as though he’s brushing off lint and doing a quick buff of the leather. Waiting for the comment that should follow: a quip about his hobbies, a plea to find better storage than the vegetable crisper this time, a threat to dispose of the toes if Sherlock fails to follow John’s rigid “safety and cleanliness” protocols.
There was one last brutal thrust before Sherlock went still and her cries grew muffled. John felt something wrench at the collar of her coat. A bite, she realised. Sherlock was biting her coat as she came.
It was enough to crack the worst haze of his bloodlust, but not quite enough to convince him to move. He was staring dumbly down at his bloodied hands, the gore beneath his fingernails, when Sherlock tore in, ripping two of the door hinges clean off in his haste.
that Sherlock had never considered.
Fact: In the past Sherlock has, after many repeated attempts, succeeded in retraining his transport to respond appropriately to certain stimuli. (See: hunger, sources of minor discomfort during cases, etc.)
He lifted his head, lips parted. John wasted no time filling his mouth with a finger from the hand that wasn’t clawing Sherlock’s back.
John,
, after all—something about it moved him to open his blog and start a new entry.
Sherlock wondered, although right on the heels of that thought was
But when I got on the site to buy it, it looked awful. Dead dull and just, I don’t know. I didn’t want it. Caranguard was on sale, it didn’t look awful, so I bought it.
“You are. I’d noticed the number on the little counter on the side suddenly jumped higher. Is that because of you?”
Their first kiss had been less than an hour after that—and a bloody nightmare it had been too, quite literally, with Sherlock cornering and lunging at him and John completely misunderstanding his intentions and clocking him in the nose, very nearly breaking it.
A list of possible concerns—ranging from fear of pain to gastrointestinal distress—cycled through Sherlock’s head. He decided to start with the most obvious. “Understandable. My… your toy—” Speaking the word aloud made his face heat, but he carried on as though it didn’t. “—is considerably smaller than… me.” His cheeks burned even hotter. That had sounded more like a boasting of his own size than a comment on the toy’s, as he’d intended it to be.
A smile which dimmed slightly, probably more from John’s reaction than anything, when Sherlock turned to him suddenly and said, “Oh, I should’ve mentioned. You’re paying.”
Yes, Sherlock had been pleased when John phoned to say that he was moving back to Baker Street after the divorce was finalised. (Specifically, Sherlock had rung off and promptly done a silent celebratory leap before rushing to tell Mrs Hudson the news.) But he’d had no intention at all of
JohnHWatson: I just thought it might be fun to try something different.
. Although he’d rather taken care of it himself by that point.”
She considered. Benefits and drawbacks of full disclosure, benefits and drawbacks of partial disclosure or evasion, the avenues this conversation could take, the reactions John could have to any part of it.
There was also, John saw as he came closer, a mug full of dark liquid on the table beside John’s chair. And as soon as he’d seen it, he could smell it as well. The tang of blood, as strong and foul as the metallic taste in his mouth had been hours before.
Ignoring her, Sherlock continued his approach, his pink little nose and long whiskers twitching, until he could sniff with some gusto at John’s Army jumper. John twisted his head around to watch. The tip of his tail, hanging limp from his bottom, began to drum against the rug.
The case I’m working is technically a disappearance, but I have high hopes that it’ll become a murder investigation, which is my preference. You might’ve read about it in the papers. Husband and wife were intending to travel to London to visit family. They clearly left their home in Manchester (luggage, clothes, and toiletries are missing, car is gone), but never arrived in London.
Although, he thinks, a simple
Immediately Sherlock snatched up his fork, and spent the rest of dinner utterly absorbed in his food.
Except when John returned to his inbox to delete the message, he found himself rereading it with interest, focusing on the “benign, albeit potentially time-consuming, task” and the £100. He wondered what this SH bloke would do if John responded.
To make matters worse, John clearly didn’t know what to make of him either. “Oh,” he said, still doing a decent impression of an owl. “Erm. Okay. Do you want to get a dog?”
“I didn’t know you would want to talk about the case.” Sherlock shrugged one shoulder. “But it did occur to me that proving I had official access to the case”—he gestured towards the folder—“would win me points in your favour, yes. And it worked. You’ve relaxed; your body language is open and accepting.”
Sherlock’s whole body surged beneath him, arching up like an electric current was pulsing through him. When John climbed off to fetch the lube, he let out a groan that was very nearly tortured. John suspected he’d only just barely reminded himself not to try to keep John forcibly in place.
When they broke apart, Sherlock was trembling. His hands worst of all, where he was still touching John’s face, but John could feel an occasional shake in his knees and hear his toes curling and uncurling in his socks. Rising bloodlust, John might’ve thought, but for the lack of fangs and the sharp smell of arousal coming off him in thick cloying waves. Coming off John as well, but that was rather less interesting.
He sat down at his desk, took out his computer, and googled ‘shades of purple.’ When he’d finally narrowed it down to the closest match, he took up the BlackBerry again.
He is promptly rolled onto his stomach, still in John’s lap, John’s grip preventing him from falling off the bed, and John wraps an arm around his waist and closes a hand around his prick, encouraging Sherlock to thrust into his tight, warm grip.
To his surprise, John smiles fondly. “Yeah? I have a fantasy of bringing a woman home and watching her make a mess of you.”
Even though Sherlock’s own prick was still flaccid (and likely to remain that way), it felt good. Startlingly good. It was a dull, deep sort of pleasure that grew slightly stronger with every push of John’s cock into his hole. In minutes, Sherlock was clasping the bedsheets in his fists and gasping, wanting it to go on and on indefinitely.
Sherlock exhaled shakily, still tugging at the restraints, and didn’t answer. He looked utterly rapturous, staring blearily at the ceiling, as though he were in the midst of some out-of-body experience. John had never seen him so affected by penetration.
Sherlock’s shoulders sagged as though they’d been weighted down with cement bricks. He hadn’t even realised they were tense.
“Why is it right up my street?” said Sherlock. He snapped the gloves dramatically and knelt down beside the body. What was left of the body, anyway. A vaguely human-shaped mass of bones, torn flesh, and organs that had clearly been ripped open and gnawed on.
“I’m giving it back.”
, he thinks.
“What can I get started for you?” a barista asks. Short, blonde-haired, female, midtwenties, and terribly chipper. Not significant enough to observe beyond that, so Sherlock pays her little attention as he places his order.
So as he approached the counter and was greeted by an older man—possibly the owner, John thought, there was something distinctly proprietor-like about him—John simply said, “Erm, hello. Sherlock Holmes said I should—”
John was amused.
cases, Sherlock. Also, your ‘assistant’ suits up in full.” He gestured towards a police car nearby, with its boot open revealing several open cardboard boxes inside, one of which looked to be full of blue coveralls identical to the one he was wearing.
—and if John ever met that person, she wouldn’t be held responsible for her actions—but had there been more?
Sherlock hung, suspended in the air, kicking wildly and scrambling at his neck as his face grew red. His eyes fixed on John’s, wide with fear.
The orgasm is… it’s
“And I’m—”
John pitched forwards, feeling like a puppet on a string attached to Sherlock’s thumb, which Sherlock graciously held out for John. There was a fat, dark bead of blood sitting atop the pale skin. John wrapped his lips around the finger and licked the bead off.
still here if that’s the case?”
Another sound, even more disgusted. “Because you wanted me to ask! It couldn’t have been more obvious. And about
Oh god, John wanted it. She wanted Sherlock’s fingers in her cunt fucking her so hard and fast that people on the pavement would be able to hear the racket they were making.
The pace was quite slow, John reflected, and the thrusts were weak. Much slower and weaker than John was capable of, when he had Sherlock’s hot, tight arse clenched around his cock. In fact, the machine was using so little power that the whirring of its gears, the slow crank of the arm, resembled more of a sick whine than the rumbling-motor sound John had heard on the staircase.
teeth.
John came back to himself at the scrape of a chair against the lino, and then Sherlock was folding him into something not unlike a hug. It was looser, and they were both seated so it was a tiny bit awkward. But Sherlock’s arms still rested on John’s shoulders, one hand cupping the back of his head just above the scratches.
All in all, John was very, very pleased with that reaction.
. It stings this time. Not the first or the second or even the third swat, unfortunately, but after that, John must finally decide that Sherlock can handle it, because the fourth is hard enough that Sherlock actually flinches and a small grunt of pain escapes his mouth.
“You didn’t see how it was. Nor… nor everything that happened because of it.”
“Ah, that’s the harness I’d settled on. What do you think?”
He pulled back. “You dipped into the sweets already, didn’t you?”
He’d not got far when the phone buzzed with SH’s response.
“For all the sockets in the flat,” Sherlock tells him. “Mrs Hudson has them as well.” He tries not to be dramatic, not to swish about and preen even though he is pleased with himself for thinking of it and inspiring even a hint of admiration in John. “There are also safety locks on the cupboards. And a gate, but I’ve not—”
difficult to live with. Between the disregard for social niceties, the body parts in the fridge, the occasionally self-destructive quest to rid himself of boredom, the exasperatingly foul moods—
4:40 p.m.
It’s more than acceptable, in fact. It’s exquisite. If John can be convinced to scratch hard enough, perhaps deeply enough to draw blood…. Sherlock’s blood under John’s nails. The healing wounds cracking open the following day, staining Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock moving stiffly, being asked if he’s all right, complete strangers noticing his discomfort—
Oh. Okay
. I’m testing a hypothesis.”
Rosie had tired of the newspapers at some point and was now lying down amidst the wreckage, asleep.
Intimidated? John’s penis is no larger than the ones Sherlock’s seen in pornography, but at the moment, he supposes it hardly matters. In the grand scheme of the conversation, it’s a minor detail, so Sherlock only hums encouragingly and tries in vain to squirm even closer.
But, then: the first crack in John’s Sherlockless happily-ever-after. Well, less of a crack, more of a massive cannonball through the wall. And then: John hauling his things up the stairs to 221B with his noose-like fists and his shoulders like a wooden shelf that had been broken and repaired so many times it could barely still hang. All trust in Mary destroyed, all trust in Sherlock restored.
“I even bought a tentacle-shaped dildo for the occasion, you know,” Sherlock said.
John’s laugh broke off with a snort. “Come on, you’re not that big.”
John thought, shuddering.
,” kissing Sherlock’s jaw and chin and lips.
“And you’re my mum, are you?” John snapped right back, and realised only after he’d said it what he’d just walked into.
“Bye,” John said. Still avoiding Sherlock’s eyes, he spun on his heels and marched, distinctly soldier-like, towards the door. His spine was perfectly straight, both fists clenched.
Sherlock shot him a glance as though to say, ‘Don’t be ridiculous.’
I mean we spent an hour playing a video game together. Of course we’re friends. ;)
In the days that followed, John wore the skull socks more than was strictly hygienic, which gave him ample time to admit that, although they were softer to the touch and probably more well-made, they really weren’t
I left early.
‘Jesus fucking Christ,’ John thought. The room suddenly seemed much smaller and warmer than it had before. “You’re… you’re actually getting off on this, aren’t you? Like,
She hardly cared, especially when she felt John’s cunt begin to flutter around her, the muscles rapidly tightening and loosening, trying to suck her fingers in deeper and keep them there, milking them. And through it all, John bit her bottom lip and whined low and long, her movements slowing to a gentle rocking that somehow, inexplicably, affected Sherlock even more than the frantic thrusting.
He debated his response, pacing back and forth and staring down at the floor, for what seemed like ages, until he finally settled on the simplest, safest reply.
Mary had minded rather a lot, it turned out. Enough to seek a sexual relationship with another man, and to carry on with it even after being impregnated by him.
Unfortunately, he chokes as he swallows, and most of it spills down his chin.
Oh. I don’t know, I just thought it might?
And when John does finish his coffee, he promptly bins the empty cup, and the barista’s number along with it. Sherlock makes sure of that.
Sherlock closes his eyes, breathing deeply and folding his hands as he processes the question. He sees white behind his eyelids and is vividly aware of a sudden sinking sensation in his abdomen, as though someone has slit open his belly and now his intestines are leaking out.
besotted with said invasive and rude prat—
“In a manner of speaking. Took me less than a minute to guess. Not exactly Fort Knox.”
“You love the socks. You’re wearing them now. And the shirt… you were turned on. You
Sherlock sucked it briefly, getting the little bud warm and wet before she drew back and simply mouthed at it, let it glide back and forth over her lips until it was tight and puckered. The touch was so gentle, so sweet, it shot a bolt of arousal through John—between her toes and up her legs, settling in her groin and making her cunt clench and ache.
Sherlock
“Right,” John said. His tone was curiously blank. “Okay then. I’m going to… pop out for a bit.”
Sherlock pauses his scraping to consider. “About the same as any other piece of evidence, really. Scratches are sometimes significant, sometimes irrelevant. I once investigated the murder of a man with a tendency to self-scratch in times of stress. Scotland Yard mistakenly believed his self-inflicted scratches were—”
“Good.” Another thrill, larger this time. “And if you can’t manage that one for some reason, a ‘no’ or a ‘stop’ or even a pained sound will do.”
“Tonight,” Sherlock muttered, “this afternoon, three days ago… all of the above. I don’t—” He looked away, biting his lip and giving John an excellent view of his clenched jaw. “I don’t pretend to know what it’s like. It’s been centuries since I was changed, and I asked for it. I begged for it, in fact. And there was never any chance of my relationship with my father taking on a sexual component.”
Sherlock was wearing his burgundy dressing gown over his pyjamas, and his hair looked far too tidy, considering he’d spent the entire day lying about the sofa. “Yes. How do you feel about it?”
“I thought he and Peter might be better suited,” Mike said quickly, as though John had missed his frantic attempts at making eye contact, his (badly) surreptitious gesturing, his mouthing of
John could see where this was going. “Sherlock,” he warned.
Seemingly satisfied, Sherlock carried on, although John paid him little attention as he hailed a cab and rode it back to his block of flats. There was something about “phobia” and “antivenin,” then a great deal of static as the signal got spotty.
“All right,” John said after a short silence. “I think my puppy deserves a reward for his good behaviour. For playing ball with me and taking my piss and my cock like such a good boy. Come here. Up a bit. Right there.”
As he composed the message that Sherlock dictated, John was very, very conscious of how slowly he typed, his plodding hunt-and-peck technique. Finally, he finished, sent the message, and set the phone on the desk, then looked to Sherlock for further explanation.
John tried to haul himself to standing, but his legs were shaky, his lungs still struggling to pull in air. So when the lamp cord coiled itself around Sherlock’s neck, he was too late. He lunged, but the cord had already tightened and lifted—high, taller than Mary had been even in her tallest heels.
“Why?”
She jerked her chin towards the end table, where John saw two tiny silver keys near the edge. Nodding, John carried on undressing.
He hadn’t even missed a beat. Sherlock raised his head to marvel at him—how perfect he was, as good as genetically engineered for Sherlock—and found John shrugging on his coat near the door. His bum looked fantastic in his trousers, the fabric hugging him beautifully.
John reached for him, although he needn’t have bothered. Sherlock was already lunging towards him, bypassing his extended arm entirely in favour of bending over John’s lap and taking his soft, wet cock into his mouth.
. John stood back and waved Sherlock inside, then shut the door behind him.
“Here. Does it hurt?”
“What a good boy you’re being,” Mrs Hudson cooed. She bent over despite her hip so that she could pat his head, which he lifted higher with a trill of pleasure, butting into her palm. “Seems I misjudged you this time, hm?”
John’s hearing hadn’t been so keen when he’d gone to bed; he was sure of it. Yet when he’d visited the loo to splash cold water on his face, in hopes that it would wake him up more (it had), he’d been able to hear Mrs Hudson in the loo beneath his and Sherlock’s, passing wind and then having an impressively long piss.
<JohnHWatson> A bit like a younger Mathieu Amalric, but with lighter hair and glasses.
“What?” John said.
“Your skin smelled of Lestrade. I found the scent… offensive.”
John strokes him, nuzzles his cheek, murmurs nonsense like “There we go” and “Isn’t that better,” until Sherlock’s twitching with the aftershocks and panting. As soon as John’s grip on his hair begins to loosen, Sherlock falls forwards, bending over the worktop, and holds his arse cheeks open, exposing his arsehole. He glances coquettishly over his shoulder, feeling a rush of smugness at John’s glassy-eyed stare.
things. Surely you remember the burglary in Manchester? The animal fur in the kitchen that didn’t matter one whit, although you’d convinced yourself it was
For the next week, John examines Sherlock’s neck multiple times a day, applying arnica cream often and monitoring for strange or delayed healing.
John fell back onto his elbows, murmuring “Fucking hell” as he tipped his chin up, turning his face to the ceiling. For a moment Sherlock longed to see the expression on his face. Then John shoved backwards, grinding his bottom into Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock forgot about his face and focused entirely on his arse. How the width of his hand made John’s arse cheeks dimple and spread, how his pale fingers looked as they disappeared into John’s pink hole.
Sherlock blinks, taken aback and… disappointed? Why is he disappointed? Because he hasn’t yet got the chance to say that John is his… something?
Not good. If John is primarily a sadist, and sadomasochism requires both a sadist and masochist, it suggests incompatibility—the inevitable development of disappointment.
Sherlock nearly flinches at the scene conjured by that question. And to think that mere days ago he was entertaining the possibility of telling John everything. Which would be worse, he wonders: John responding,
“You little shit,” John said.
“Have you moved at all today?”
, exactly, but I understand.”
“I’m not going to sit here and watch you throw away perfectly good tea.” With some effort, John tried to heave himself to his feet, only for a wave of vertigo to knock him back on his arse. There was no chance Sherlock would believe he’d meant to do that, but John decided to pretend he had done anyway. He swivelled around and scowled at Sherlock over the back of his chair. “If nothing else, we could give it to Mrs Hudson.”
“Mm. I thought better of the suggestion.”
It promptly began to leak out when John removed his prick a few minutes later. Sherlock could feel thick globs of it seeping past his loosened rim and falling onto the bed. He moaned, feeling shaky and helpless and beautiful. Even more so when John, still panting and no doubt exhausted, eased Sherlock onto his side and then curled up behind him.
Sherlock had been just next door the entire bloody time?
“Oh, I turned off the sound a few minutes ago.”
“Neither have I!”
And with that, John lowered himself to his knees, putting him at the same level as that gorgeous arse. Sherlock caught on immediately and reached behind to spread himself, baring his tan wrinkled hole and the spattering of dark curls on either side of it. The sight was a perfect likeness of the webcam photo he’d sent John weeks ago, which made John smile.
<JohnHWatson> You didn’t need to bother though. I could’ve managed on my own.
It had been a month, now.
“It is, actually. Social interaction and stress management.”
A groan rose in Sherlock’s throat, and a sudden, hot shock of arousal coursed through her as John dragged her middle finger through her own wetness, then used it to get her clit nice and slick. Her fingertip made a soft wet noise as it slipped easily across the hard little nub, the perfect complement to the sound of the toy in her pussy.
Whatever it was, it was the most interesting thing that had happened to John all day. If not all week.
“Oh,” John moans, trying to spread himself wide. “Please.” He has rules, usually, about how close Sherlock’s werewolf teeth can get to his prick and bollocks, but he doesn’t much care now. “Just a lick, just one, please.”
“Sherlock,” Sherlock told her, patient but warm. “The ‘sh’ comes before the ‘k.’ But don’t worry, you’ll get it.”
“Jesus,” says Lestrade, while the crowd of surveying police officers flutters into motion around them. “That was…”
Sherlock rolls to his back, peering up at John who gives him a smile darkened by concern. He thinks that Sherlock is on the verge of a black mood, that he’s being ravaged by post-case boredom. Better than the truth, Sherlock supposes.
Are you re-stealing the Duke of Marlborough’s dog??
“Harder,” Sherlock gasped, shuddering. “Short, quick thru—uh! That, yes, that!”
deserted inside. There was a group of what looked to be uni students huddled together with textbooks and notebook paper, a haggard-looking woman sitting alone with a computer, and an older man and woman deep in murmured conversation.
. That is what Sherlock should say, obviously, and what he means to say. But instead, he answers, “They can’t see. Lestrade, the barista, no one has been able to see that you… well, that is, that you and I—”
stuttered when she wasn’t shamming? “You’re penetrating yourself. You enjoy penetration, then, I take it?”
Far past the point of even attempting to take his own pleasure.
That hadn’t come out right. Being propositioned for sex wasn’t the same as being offered a monogamous relationship; Sherlock only had the right to not bring up the subject of men during sex, not to dictate that John would never have sex with men again. (Although Sherlock would love to dictate that. She’d even be willing to do all of Mycroft’s legwork from now on if he would agree to make it a bloody law.)
He drew the Fleshlight towards him, close enough that he could drag the head of his prick over the wrinkled, still-slippery hole. That made a pretty picture, he thought, so he snapped another photo and sent it before he pushed inside.
He rolled to his side, reached for the duvet, and shoved it aside, revealing a partially empty bottle of lubricant and a blue dildo. He grasped the dildo, then rolled back over and thrust it towards John so confidently that John accepted it on instinct.
Sherlock frowns after him, then throws himself back into his armchair, clasps his hands beneath his chin, and remains there, considering. The analogy is preposterous, of course. John is not cocaine. Sherlock’s relationship with him is nothing like an addiction.
Sherlock was an active cat, just as the woman at the RSPCA had said he was. He was playful, although not in the way that Mrs Hudson expected a cat to be playful. He turned up his little pink nose at all the catnip mice, balls, and dangly toys she bought him, as well as the cat bed that she’d spent a frankly absurd amount of money on, and he amused himself instead with rubber bands, pill bottles, shoes, and bits of rubbish he dug from the bin.
Played any of it?
Mostly, though, John was restless: his gun an insistent weight in his pocket, his adrenaline at a constant slow simmer. He’d come expecting some element of danger, expecting to be needed, and instead he’d spent three hours at a pub picking at fish and chips and feeling awkward.
To make matters worse, John twisted his upper body around so that he could watch with dark, half-lidded eyes as Sherlock trembled and fumbled like the last person in the whole bloody world anyone would want to be fucked by. But John didn’t seem put off. If anything, he seemed even more keen. He licked his lips and wiggled his bum, shuffled his knees even farther apart. Sherlock felt as though his lungs were in danger of expanding beyond his chest cavity.
Thank you.
And then another thought occurred.
Is that a no then?
There was a mole, or perhaps a large freckle, an inch below John’s arsehole. Sherlock stared at it, oddly transfixed, and then—cautiously, ready to yank back in a second if John protested—covered it with the tip of his forefinger. The contact made John’s body jerk in surprise, startling Sherlock. His finger slipped and—
<JohnHWatson> Did you not see it? It’s the most recent Bond film.
“Erm,” said John. Sherlock very carefully did not deduce his tone. “All right. I’ll call you when it’s ready, shall I?”
“You two!” Mrs Hudson said, her hands on her hips. “You’re determined to do everything your way this Christmas, aren’t you?”
“... Are you serious? You’re turned-on right now? Because of that?”
The table-shaking stopped.
fine. I just would rather you tell me instead of… well, instead of shoving me off and acting like you can’t get far enough away.”
While he was in the ensuite, John went ahead and emptied his bladder as well before he retrieved a flannel from the cupboard and used it to dab at his wet tea-stained trousers.
“Well, you can shove off then, can’t you, dearie? Because I’m certain I know what sort of cat I’m looking for more than you do, and a ‘handful’ is just what I want.”
Gradually John’s defensiveness wilted, replaced by general dissatisfaction with his own sodding existence.
“No,” said Sherlock. “Of course not. Too public for you, isn’t it? Appeals too much to a sense of humiliation, not enough to the
His smile, bright and fond, said he knew exactly what memory he was evoking with those words, and John found himself slumping and relaxing, letting Sherlock clean his face as best he could.
They sprinted through ice to reach the doorway, John fisting his hand in Sherlock’s shirt as Sherlock did the same to him.
a wedding, you know. At least not one with Mary. The way he looked at you….”
. And you need the assistance, John. Your shoes are abysmal, and your watch is old, and the quality of your camera is less than ideal.”
“John?” said Sherlock. He sounded calm, eerily so. The sort of calm he got right before he did something spectacularly stupid, like taunt an armed criminal or flirt with an enraged demon. John responded to that tone like nothing else, because it usually meant Sherlock was about to get himself maimed. “Wait for me outside. I’ll only be a moment.”
blood. Are you okay?”
“I was sleeping, yeah,” said John crossly, at the same time that Sherlock said “—wearing the dressing gown I bought you.”
, he thought, imagined himself begging John and how John would stroke the sweaty fringe from his forehead. He let go of where he was gripping one corner of the pillow so that he could stroke his hair himself, lingering near the fake ears as John would do and totally ignoring the metal headband that held them in place. So sensitive, his scalp. He crooked his fingers and scratched and wanted to purr in pleasure. He rubbed against the pillow again, whimpering.
Sherlock.
Groaning at the picture he must have made, Sherlock replaced John’s hands with his own. He spread himself wider, let John see how red and sore he was, how open and used.
Convenient timing as well. Your brother just dropped me off at Harry’s about 20 minutes ago.
He’s cheered when John grants him a soft smile and an even softer “No, not really. Although this is a bit different than telling a client to stop being boring. But….”
“Well. I mean, erm. It’s not like—”
Nevertheless, because John wants it—because John is mad about him, John loves him, John enjoys a lot of things—Sherlock tries. “I want—”
John rolled from side to side, blissful. Flakes of catnip clung to his fur. Sherlock watched a minute longer and then simply lay down in the entrance, spreading out his long body and stretching his front paws as far as they would go. He rested his cheek on the floor and blinked longingly at John.
“Okay,” says John, looking patient. So very patient and attentive, while Sherlock is a disaster who cannot construct a single useful sentence, much less the veritable speech that would be required if he were to explain everything. “It’s okay. If you don’t know or you don’t… if you aren’t comfortable talking about it, that’s—”
He doesn’t relish the thought. Sherlock might not sleep as much as other people, but he’s fussier about his sleep conditions. He found the downstairs flat dark and dismal even before James Moriarty used it in their game. But the alternative, the possibility of John leaving again….
He waited a moment longer, for good measure, before he gave up and drew back into the ensuite, tucking the towel more tightly around his waist.
“You did. But it doesn’t matter; that’s just one example. There was also you going through my things, you staring at my bum every sodding time I turned around—”
“I don’t know,” he says. Perfectly truthful.
5:13 p.m.
11:58 a.m.
John holding Sherlock’s life in his hands. Sherlock inert beneath John’s knife, little more than a body on a slab for John to open and investigate.
There’s a distance that didn’t exist before, a sort of stiffness to their interactions, although the difference is so subtle Sherlock struggles to quantify it. There is affection, yes—John nuzzles him and kisses him and murmurs happily when Sherlock rolls to his side of bed during the night—but there’s a hesitancy, an awkwardness, that makes Sherlock want to shout and pull his hair out in distress.
I can’t figure out your bloody tone and I think your brother shoved all this into my face for a reason.
Sherlock is still building the argument in his mind—quickly, stacking large stone atop large stone, hoping the weight will keep it all from toppling even if he hasn’t anything to hold them together—but John shakes his head before he can say anything further.
It did, John had to admit. It really did.
Why I bothered with therapy is none of your fucking business. And you can piss off now.
When that was done, Sherlock popped the glass into the microwave. “It tastes better warm. Thirty seconds should do it. Certainly nothing over a minute, and
Here, Sherlock has buggered up spectacularly, and if John leaves, he will be nothing.
“Surely there are locums they can hire,” said Sherlock, resisting the urge to whinge. “Why don’t they ring one of those?”
But John is beside him, a soothing presence, and Lestrade looks harried, unshaven and over-caffeinated—under a great deal of pressure to solve this quickly, either mother or father is related to someone important at the Met—so Sherlock says nothing. Besides, there’s still the matter that brought him here, even when the case held no appeal and was mostly solved before Sherlock had even put on his coat.
The first search result was Sherlock’s website, which John browsed for an hour before he fetched the new BlackBerry from where it was charging on his desk and sent a text to Sherlock.
JohnHWatson: Excellent!
,” Sherlock hissed, quietly enough that it was drowned out by John throwing open the door and closing it a moment later.
About a week later, Sherlock turned off the telly so he could ask, “Sex in public places?”
Mr Hudson committed double murder. Quite viciously as well: the bodies were found mutilated, decapitated, and partially eaten by animals. A business deal gone wrong, so to speak. (Mr Hudson was a considerably profitable drug lord, and his victims were petty dealers.) It wasn’t a dull case, but neither was it especially interesting. He’d already been convicted (albeit most of the evidence was circumstantial); it was just a matter of providing the appeals court with solid, undeniable proof of his guilt, which was simple enough.
myself. Digestion slows—”
In any case, 8 PM tomorrow is acceptable. I’ll be sure to turn enemy spawning back on.
“You can’t,” Sherlock said. There was perhaps a hint of a whinge in his tone this time, although who could blame him with John behaving like this.
Fine. The date was fine.
The corner of Sherlock’s lip twitched up. He was enjoying this. Although, to be honest, so was John, a bit. “The question is: Where is her phone
Ages. It’s been weeks now. At first it was simply a temporary measure to appease his brother, but now… it’s a risk he can’t take. Not during the hardest case of his career. Drugs might help him focus on cases, but not with John. Never with John. The significance of John’s moods is harder to track when Sherlock is high, the implication of his behaviours easier to overlook.
Oddly enough, John found that some of his apprehension had been assuaged by that. Or at least, it was better than if he’d launched into a passionate speech about how very sincere and trustworthy he was. But before John could respond, Sherlock was barrelling on.
So John answered with a wary “Sherlock?” and reached for her pyjamas in case she needed to dress and rush downstairs.
John goes through clothes at what should be a truly disturbing rate.
been a little thump, really. Sherlock had barely even felt it. The noise of bare skin striking bare skin at that angle, with John’s palm slightly cupped, had simply made it sound worse than it had been.
“Don’t.” Sherlock’s tone wasn’t as sharp or waspish as he’d have preferred, owing at least partly to the fact that his face was buried in John’s shirt. “You communicate with your actions, not your words. Your words are rubbish.”
“No,” he said.
It was a stupid thing to say, and he immediately wanted to kick himself. Perhaps Sherlock didn’t want a cock in his arsehole, didn’t want to think of it any more than John wanted to think of sex workers and Daddies. Anal sex was far from a universally loved activity, and perhaps now Sherlock thought that John was more keen on it than he was.
Okay. Why is it unfortunate you weren’t hurt?
Sherlock’s limbs felt fluttery at the thought.
The Starbucks is crammed with people, the queue so long it winds between the tables. John, always uncomfortable in a crowd, stands close to Sherlock. Their arms press together from shoulder to elbow, and Sherlock would only need to turn slightly and bend forwards to curl around him.
of John’s palm against his bottom seems oddly thunderous in the otherwise silent room—that makes him flinch and suck in a startled breath. The blow is barely a tap; the sensation hardly even registers in Sherlock’s mind.
“Of course not.” The absurdity of that—John using those words, John even implying them, the man who has in the entire time Sherlock has known him always been the one who is dumped despite all the women he dated who bored him half to tears—makes him snort. “It’s obvious. I observed it.”
Not that John got to appreciate it for long, since Sherlock followed up that first experimental suckle with a bite and a tug. John hissed, jerking backwards. It was too much, too suddenly. And anyway, even though John knew what Sherlock was thinking, the idea didn’t appeal at the moment.
He used even more lube when he slipped the second finger inside, getting his hole so wet that he could hear it: a soft squishing and squelching as his fingers slid deeper, then pulled out so they could slide in again.
A cheap DVD, a pop down to Mrs Hudson’s with Rosie already asleep in his arms, a confident grin with a bit of swagger as he sat in what he knew was still
That, combined with his current position—prone, head pillowed on his folded arms and turned towards John—should have been enough. The bedsheets were in a bundle between his thighs, and his hips were lifted, accentuating the dip in his spine and the curve of his arse. John should have abandoned the hateful task of dressing himself and climbed back into bed, covered Sherlock’s body with his own, and laid a row of wet kisses along Sherlock’s nape.
John stared dumbly, wondering if he’d misunderstood. They were in public, after all. Did Sherlock want him to take off his shoes and put his feet on the table?
underestimate.”
<JohnHWatson> How the hell are we going to build a nuclear reactor??
12:02 p.m.
And then, when they’d both settled down, John began to explore.
“It was…night?”
Apparently John hadn’t looked as “exceedingly handsome” at dinner as Sherlock had said, John thought wryly as he typed his response.
John barely glanced at him.
All right. That’s good. :)
. You’re fundamentally incapable of making a decent cup of tea, or coffee, or
Rosie Watson, Sherlock quickly learns, has her father’s temper. A physiological need, a misplaced toy, or simple whimsy, and she kicks her feet and thrashes her fists and shouts louder than it seems her tiny lungs should even be capable of. The walls of the whole building quake with her displeasure.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s jaw dropped, his lips making a near-perfect O. He hadn’t thought of that; of course he hadn’t. “There—there might be time, still.” Then Sherlock was taking his hand away, straightening his coat, preparing himself for battle. “To grab a few things. Something you need, that…that can’t be replaced.”
“Why the gifts? And the money? You… I mean….”
John peered at himself in the mirror, running a hand through his hair. It ruined the overall effect, but not offensively so, so Sherlock allowed it.
“What are the criminal classes of London coming to?” John said it perfectly plain-faced, but he was teasing. The glimmer of amusement in his eyes indicated as much.
He wrapped the duvet more tightly around himself, sinking lower until only his head and neck poked out. It was cold. He hoped the heating hadn’t gone out.
“...”
“Thanks. You know, if you’re worried about having to pick up my ‘slack’, giving me the weapons that aren’t good enough for you probably isn’t exactly helping.”
By the end of the day, a payment of £500 from “S. H.” was being transferred to his bank account.
Oh, and I’ll add you on Steam after I send this email. It’s funny, I searched for ScienceOfDeduction a few days ago and couldn’t find anyone by that name. Maybe I was searching in the wrong area, haha. Anyway, if you get a message from JohnHWatson you’ll know who it is. ;)
Actually, now that John thought about it, it was very, very easy to pretend it wasn’t a machine at all making the sound, but some sort of creature revelling in the tightness and the heat of Sherlock’s hole, fucking into it with its long, thin arms while Sherlock grunted and took it.
John sighed; it sounded more fond than annoyed. “Look at what you’ve done to yourself. Idiot.”
Sherlock had forgotten about that, wasn’t even paying attention to it any longer—nor was John, clearly. Smugness rolled through him like a gulp of warm tea, which lingered until John spanked him again—towards the middle of his arse this time, right over his tail, forcing the plug even deeper. He let out a cry, and John stroked his hair with his free hand.
You were his highest paying customer?
She hunched over, burying her face in John’s neck, and although John waited for her to finish the thought, she only pressed a gentle kiss to John’s skin before her finger began to move.
It was a common name, after all. Common enough that SH might even think it wasn’t John’s real name. There was probably little harm in giving it out.
One hand trailed down Sherlock’s body, stopping just before it reached the tent in Sherlock’s trousers (embarrassingly prominent for how little stimulation there had been) and leaving no doubt about what he meant by that.
“You’re wasted there,” Sherlock said.
At the flat Sherlock made John a hot cup of blood, ushered him to the sofa, and then paced about the sitting room with his phone against his ear, hissing things into the receiver like “Don’t be ridiculous, Mycroft” and “Yes,
Sherlock is on his feet in an instant, hurrying to investigate. He finds John peering over one shoulder into the mirror. Someone has indeed left a series of long scratches on his back, and although Sherlock has no memory of doing so, the position of the marks—the space between them matching perfectly the space between Sherlock’s fingers when his hands are splayed—proves that he did.
Even before he was finished, Sherlock was climbing off, letting John’s finger slip free. He looked like a crime scene; his chin, neck, and even bits of his chest were splotched with blood. The sight made John’s stomach clench with hunger. He rolled onto his side and huddled close, smiling when Sherlock tilted his head to let John lap at the mess.
texted him that he stopped dead on the pavement and stared stupidly at the message on his mobile screen.
Sherlock sat back, his head lifted as though he was excited, and John tossed the ball into the kitchen, where it bounced against a cupboard door and fell to the floor. After a moment of hesitation, Sherlock crawled after it.
“Yeah,” John said. “Course I am. But first….” He spread his legs wider and tipped his hips up. Not quite enough that Sherlock could see his arsehole—his legs were still shaky, he couldn’t manage that sort of flexibility just yet—but enough that he would surely understand what John was getting at. “I might need Daddy’s cock before we leave.”
As if I would ever willingly become indebted enough to him to owe
Sherlock opens for him, lets himself be pinned against the floor and snogged until he’s lightheaded and panting, clinging to John, his prick finally beginning to take an interest in the proceedings as John grinds against it, making muffled desperate noises into Sherlock’s mouth.
he thought. An idea bloomed and grew like a storm cloud until it was all he could see.
Sherlock glanced up finally. There was a glint in his eyes. The devious, planning sort. The sort that made John want to say ‘No’ even as his brain shouted
“Hello there,” John says. “You didn’t answer my question. Are you okay?”
“On occasion, yes.”
(They wound up having sex after all. Because John said, “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, could you put your bloody freezing feet anywhere but there?” and Sherlock said, “Anywhere?” and a skirmish of one type or another had played a starring role in their foreplay often enough to incur a sort of Pavlovian response.
“Anyway.” John stood, and Sherlock tried desperately not to admire him from the corner of his eye. His profile, the confident set of his shoulders, how his grey trousers had got just a bit tighter after the last wash— “I’m off. I wouldn’t mind the chicken with the red sauce, if you’re up to making it for dinner.”
, Sherlock thought, as he crossed his legs and blew primly into his steaming cup of tea.
John heard his approach from some distance away—his wildly flapping coat, his panicked sprint, accompanied by no pounding heartbeat or racing breaths—and then smelt the familiar bookish scent of their flat, the faint remnants of Mrs Hudson’s herbal soothers, and the stronger spice of Sherlock’s cologne.
“Listen,” John says, licking his lips. His hands still just above Sherlock’s ears. “There’s no reason to jump into this right away. Why don’t we take it slowly, see what sorts of sensations you like and you don’t like before we—”
Anyway, sorry to bother you.
Maybe a different tactic, then. John sighed back at him and murmured, “Come to bed, Daddy.”
His fingers were moving even before he was fully aware that he was texting.
It was a different
did I just send that text?”
Sherlock shook out said arms, which were stiff from being in the position for so long. “Do you know I’ve never encountered a crucifixion. A key feature of this country’s major religion, a frankly superb method of enacting revenge or punishment for wrongdoing, and no one’s taken advantage of it.”
“Yes, I see,” Sherlock said. “Thank you, Mrs Hudson.”
John rocked into him just as gently and leisurely as before, although this time Sherlock could feel him trembling with the effort to keep himself controlled.
“Wallet.” John’s tone was stern, utterly no-nonsense.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock demanded.
Sherlock ducked his head, dragged his nose along John’s length—to follow that scent and locate the source—and it twitched at the touch. John hissed in surprise; a drop of urine dribbled from the tip.
“I told you, I wasn’t uncomfortable. My sister’s gay, you know. You think I’d be living with her if gay people made me uncomfortable?”
Sherlock flinched back, his brow puckering and his lips turning down in a pout.
He tried to ignore it, anyway, although as the day went on, he grew less and less successful.
“At a crime scene.” John’s gaze flickers, drifting off somewhere above Sherlock’s head as he thinks. “Particularly a crime scene we’re specifically invited to, where there are dozens of officers waiting for you to get on with it and out of their way. You’re an arrogant arsehole. Acting like you’re better than everyone. Swanning about with your collar up and your coat swishing.”
Stupid. Of course it was all right. It was… it was the best news Sherlock had heard for weeks, in fact. “Yes! Yes, that… yes.”
Is what it?
You aren’t painting a particularly happy picture, no, but neither is it terrible. For instance, from your emails and your blog you don’t seem the sort of person who would be a nightmare to live with. Tetchy, yes, but that’s far from the most obnoxious quality someone can possess. In fact, even your punctuation is more offensive to me than that.
“Anything on the menu, whatever you want, free of charge. Anything to drink, Dr Watson?”
And just like that, the tension spilled from Sherlock’s body like water from a broken dam. He relaxed into the restraints and tipped his head back with a deep, throaty moan and just let himself be fucked.
On occasion I accept private cases, provided they’re interesting enough. Unfortunately, those are few and far between.
JohnHWatson: What? Why?
“Oh.” It was the same awed, breathy noise from their telephone conversation earlier, and with Sherlock standing in front of him now, eyes closed as though he was savouring the moment, John half worried Sherlock might fall to his knees.
More likely then that he’d got the text, seen Sherlock’s photo, and then replaced his phone in his pocket without replying, possibly with a sigh and that expression he always adopted when he thought Sherlock was being especially difficult (his eyes widened slightly and turned skywards, his lips parted and his stupidly, spectacularly expressive tongue twisted towards the left side of his mouth).
“John, John, John. What are we going to do with you?”
Yet Lestrade’s gaze lingers on none of these details. In fact, Lestrade doesn’t seem to notice them at all.
“Yes,” he says. “I’m fine.” Then, just to ensure John understands: “I want the next one to be deeper.”
Sherlock groaned, as much in exasperation as pleasure. “You still don’t understand, do you? I want to give you everything. I want to take care of you.”
Oh. Right. John turned her face, rubbing her cheek against the new wet spot on Sherlock’s wrist.
Mrs Hudson had had enough of Rosie now, he suspected. She’d need a reprieve. And besides, he needed to see his daughter, assure her that he hadn’t abandoned her last night.
asleep,” Sherlock protests, and receives only a heavy, grumpy-sounding sigh in response.
I’m not breaking into your flat.
Also, you might’ve noticed that the game developers released a new patch on the PC for Caranguard. Don’t install it. All reports so far indicate that it breaks far more than it fixes.
Sherlock rolled onto his side, reaching for his mobile and making the bell on his collar ring furiously. He had no new texts, although his phone claimed that all photos had been successfully delivered.
Not really. Wandering about collecting potions ingredients mostly. I’m pants at potions, completely awful. It’s my lowest level.
You stabbed them ‘a bit’? That makes no sense. You can’t stab someone ‘a bit’. That’s the same as saying you murdered someone ‘slightly’. Not only that, but you must’ve been swarmed with angry necromancers wielding powerful magic and staffs the moment any of them saw you. I can’t believe you managed to survive. What difficulty are you playing on?
“I haven’t needed to until now. What do I press?”
“So why did you just waste who-knows-how-long talking to
Haha, not sworn them off no, just haven’t felt up to using them as much I suppose. I’m glad to see you’re apparently keen on them now though. Quite a change from before, when you weren’t even sure what they were or why I was using them. :)
Unlikely. Sherlock cannot fathom a world in which anyone, even John Watson, would consider him ideal for marriage. Not to mention, after having endured one previous failed marriage, John will no doubt be more cautious of entering into any future marriages.
So. I apologise.
‘Oh wonderful,’ John thought grimly. ‘You offend him and then fall asleep on him. If you’ve not completely cheesed him off, it’ll be a miracle.’
It was the most beautiful thing Sherlock had ever seen.
Yeah?
Sherlock said nothing, letting John’s hand trail up towards his cock before lifting away. Sherlock’s hips did a sort of hitching half-thrust, trying to bring that touch back, even as he knew that it would do no good. John wouldn’t be rushed.
“What are you looking for?” John asked.
But John wasn’t going to think about that now.
“Six and four,” John insisted, “really isn’t that much better than—”
“All right?” said John, voice muffled against Sherlock’s bare chest.
She shuffled down the stairs and then stood behind Sherlock’s chair in the kitchen, making tea and positively
John grit his teeth, gathered his strength in his limbs, and yanked hard and quick, then lunged for Harvey’s abdomen.
A pointed poke just above the widest part of Sherlock’s hip, then John’s fingertip drags sideways—well, vertically for him, but sideways for Sherlock—and lifts.
“Well, I have. And believe me, Sherlock, you don’t want—”
In case you had any concerns about that.
Sherlock scoffs again, tossing his head and returning to his phone, dismissing the entire conversation.
John had only been standing in the kitchen entrance for a second or two, watching, before Sherlock whipped around with a blood bag in hand, which he shoved in John’s direction.
. Sherlock is reminded of the cuts on his hip. The pain of them has all but faded, unless he picks and worries at them—which he often does and suddenly feels compelled to do now.
dangerous’ had the chance to become ‘
Another week passed, and then another. Sherlock’s patience, a frayed cord at the best of times, was in tatters: an assortment of threads barely entwined any longer. Despite the best of his abilities, he became short and tetchy. In a mood, according to Mrs Hudson. Insufferable, according to John. John whose lips went small and thin, his gaze to the ceiling as though praying for patience, more often than Sherlock could recall in recent years.
Besides, everything that had led to this point had been completely mad: signing up for the fetish site, responding to Sherlock’s first message, continuing to respond and do Sherlock’s bidding. Why should John try to change his course before he’d followed this one to its end?
“Why a taxi?” Sherlock muttered. “Oh, that’s clever. Is it clever? Why is it clever? John, don’t stare.”
After a long moment, long enough that John nearly dozed again, Sherlock lifted John’s arm so that he could flip onto his other side, facing John. In the light from the window, the sun so close to peeking over the horizon outside, John watched him. His eyes were bright, his lips wet.
John didn’t ask what sort of experiment, which was disappointing as Sherlock had gone through the trouble of devising a fake one already. But no matter. He plunged ahead to the important bits.
That said.....yeah it was the spider whatsit that I was stuck on and I’ve taken your advice and buggered off to do something else awhile.
John’s hips twitched forwards of their own volition, wanting to mash Sherlock’s face to her vulva—
It was hard, John reflected, to be intimidated by someone who squirmed in his seat like a child.
How do you know I’ve been drinking?
Then Sherlock realised that she mustn’t be groping her breasts any longer, if she was stroking Sherlock’s face, and that was unacceptable. Unthinkable.
, he thinks.
Molly is pleased to see him. She always is, of course. Her admiration has long since abated to something of a more platonic nature, but still she glows when she catches sight of him across the lab and sets her scalpel down so eagerly it makes a clanging noise and nearly rolls onto the floor.
could take you away from me.”
It is yeah. Always seems too bloody short. Tonight at the usual time?
There are absolutely rules governing my use of punctuation! The main one is that I add a comma when I would naturally pause if I was speaking, and I don’t add one if I wouldn’t pause. That’s why the question (not a sentence, if you’re going to judge my punctuation you should at least know the difference between the two) doesn’t have one and the sentence does. It might not be technically correct, but it’s got me this far with no complaints aside from yours.
John’s lip turns down, and he inclines his head. “Yeah.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock insists, although he doesn’t pull away. Can’t even summon the energy to attempt to, even though he knows he should. He’s endured torture, bullet wounds, broken limbs, and survived unscathed, untraumatised—three minor cuts should not incapacitate him, should not make him feel as though someone has stuck a metal pick up his nose into his skull and scrambled everything about.
John left Sherlock’s side to examine the machine. It took a few seconds of fiddling, but finally he managed to locate the speed control dial and turn it off. The arm slowed to a stop, and John slowly, gently eased the end—on which a pale, average-sized, realistic-looking dildo was attached—from Sherlock’s arse.
And, Christ, wasn’t that a delightful image? One that John was quite keen to see, but only if Sherlock didn’t mind.
About her you mean? Yeah. I think I was more afraid of them finding out than she was.
John’s bemused reply was cut off when the door to the lab opened and a woman carrying a styrofoam cup entered.
Absolutely. I’ll come to yours when my shift here is done?
Then the pain returned, and John surfaced with a gasp to find that Sherlock was rutting back and forth onto his finger. The motion rocked his whole body and made his fangs, still partly buried in John’s throat, tug again and again on John’s injured skin.
Honestly, John. Do you really think I’d push so hard if I didn’t enjoy it?”
I might’ve perhaps been a bit unnecessarily rude myself. For that, I suppose I should apologise as well.
He remembered only after he’d dropped the mobile into his coat pocket that it was John’s. It thudded against and then slid neatly into place alongside Sherlock’s own phone.
That might’ve been the stupidest thing John had heard all day. “Ever heard of police brutality? Corruption? Misconduct? You working for the Met means bugger all, mate.”
9:40 a.m.
John stared. Then glanced away, blinking rapidly, before he stared at the computer screen again, but no, the message still said exactly what it had said the first time.
“A bit, yeah. We’ve both been maybe a bit on edge lately, and it’s… it’s not been especially pleasant. She’s meant to be at an AA meeting right now. She thinks I don’t know she’s been skivving off, going to the pub instead. She never drinks enough to get properly pissed anymore, but….”
This?
“Do you want to talk about it?” Molly persists. “Maybe I could help.”
But of course he said nothing. He made sure that he didn’t even blink.
So he amused himself online. Browsing groups on the fetish site, reading articles on news sites (many of them about the baffling suicide of Sir Jeffrey Patterson, which was apparently still being reported on although it had happened weeks ago), and finally (he couldn’t believe it had taken him days to get around to it) typing Sherlock Holmes’s name into Google.
Well. That was fine. Another time, then. They had all the time in the world, after all.
“Sorry.” John giggled. He felt giddy, having Sherlock so close and knowing they were about to get even closer. “Sorry that, um. That didn’t go like I imagined it would.”
“Okay,” John said. “Come on, Daddy.” His fingers slipped free with a squidging sound that made Sherlock whimper.
“Penetration.” Sherlock’s fringe blocked John’s view of her expression, but her tone was thoughtful, with maybe a hint of hesitation. “Obviously it feels different for you than it does for me since you enjoy it. I want to know what it’s like for you.”
The reply was, as always, immediate. (Did Sherlock always answer so quickly, John wondered, or only when he was communicating with John?)
I miss you though
Plus, your blog reeks of a depressive episode. (‘Nothing ever happens to me’? Really, John? Are you tied to a chair in an empty room?) Journaling, or in this case blogging, is a tool sometimes used by mental health professionals to treat symptoms of depression and anxiety. Also, a proportion of disabled individuals have long claimed that video games have had a positive impact on their mental wellbeing, and very recently the medical community has begun to take note—the most likely explanation for a therapist recommending games to her patient. I admit I question the judgment of anyone who would advise a traumatised war veteran to play a graphically violent combat-based game like Caranguard, but it would hardly be the first time no one has seen what seems obvious to me.
I never said that. Are you even listening to me? You LIED to me
, said the screen.
John wandered in from the kitchen, holding an open milk carton and appearing thoughtful. “Your most attractive quality?”
As if John would refuse. “Oh god yes.” He reached for Sherlock, encouraging him to kneel atop John with his legs spread and John’s waist between his thighs. With John slouched as he was, it put the tent in Sherlock’s crisp white shirt at about the level of his sternum.
She bent forwards this time and switched hands, placing her left one on the bedsheets beside Sherlock’s upper arm while her right held the vibrator. The new position put her face just above Sherlock’s, her breasts swaying enticingly in Sherlock’s view. The head of the vibrator was wedged between the top edge of the leather harness and John’s pubis.
She raked her fingers through Sherlock’s curls, which were always so soft and springy, and decided to try being a little more commanding. “All right,” she murmured. “Enough of that. My clit’s feeling a little left out.”
But even as she thought it, she knew that she was fooling herself. The illogical, sentimental portion of her brain would insist that whatever John did right now in her presence very much
Britain, so—”
“There’s a sniper rifle in here: 116 damage, 78.1 accuracy. Do you want it?”
His attempts to inspire the same reaction caused by John’s hands in his hair, however, are largely unsuccessful. He can mimic John’s grip perfectly—same location, same section of hair, same amount of force, same direction of the pull—but all he achieves is the beginnings of a headache.
“Mm,” said Sherlock. A noise of thoughtfulness? Interest? Agreement?
<JohnHWatson got blown up.>
John stared, waiting for more, but Sherlock merely stared back and said nothing further.
Now that Sherlock was alone, with nothing to occupy him, his erection began to flag and his arousal to weaken until it was little more than a niggle at the corners of his consciousness, easy enough to ignore. He rolled onto his back, caught a sudden whiff of John’s shampoo mingling with the lingering scent of sweat and semen.
With what?
Sherlock’s memories of sex are dusty and fragmented.
Wow, I didn’t know the police ever hired a consultant like that. I’m impressed! That’s amazing. A little less amazing that you say you’re wishing for some people to be dead, but I think I know what you meant.
It stings. Not excruciatingly, not even really unpleasantly, but just enough for Sherlock’s receptors to identify the sensation as a sting rather than a brush. His breath catches, and he pictures his skin growing pink and blotchy while John watches.
I can pop into the loo and get a few of my arms and throat, maybe my back if I use the mirror.
“What?”
. Maybe this thing would.
But also the most ridiculous, which he told Sherlock, who chuckled and said, “And you invaded Afghanistan.”
“Go on, then. I’ll keep the baddies off while you dig.”
John moved it hastily away, hissing, “Jesus, Sherlock! We can’t both sit here; it’s not big enough.”
A week passed. Clients came, offered him dull cases, and left insulted. Mrs Hudson brought tea and lunch and refused to be insulted no matter what Sherlock said. John spent an alarming amount of time at the surgery he still insisted on working at. Stupidly, in Sherlock’s opinion, although he tried (poorly) to keep that opinion to himself. John needed to
John will never cut him again, Sherlock realises. Not now that he’s ruined everything. It will be like their former favourite Thai restaurant where Sherlock argued with the waitress one time and got them thrown out, and now every time Sherlock suggests it for dinner, John sighs and tells him,
wouldn’t stand for it, but John’s not quite the drama queen that you are. Are you, John?”
As close to a yes as she was going to get, she supposed. She knelt, slowly and gingerly, to the floor and hefted John (who was a touch heavier than she remembered) into her lap. He let out a meow that ended in a squeak.
“I’m on it. I’ve even got a sword now.”
It was from SH. Of course it was—no one else had cared a whit about him in weeks. That not one but two people would have taken an interest in a single half hour seemed unlikely.
Sherlock didn’t glance up from the menu he held open in his hands. “Of course not. Byzantium is more reddish. This is closer to blue.”
Sherlock huffed as though his patience was being tried terribly. “Hunger comes after thirst. It—ugh, never mind. You’ll know it when you experience it.”
No you are. You deserve so much better that an idiot who starts fights in pubs because he’s having a sexual crisis at 39
He bloody was, John thought. He was working, and he’d dropped everything, even shouted at someone to shut up, so he could hear John call him ‘Daddy.’ That was… John didn’t know what it was, but some of his embarrassment began to ebb the slightest bit because of it. If Sherlock enjoyed it that much, if he
John turned the box in his hands, peering at the picture on the front. “This looks like gold, Sherlock.”
, John thought, flexing the stiff arm he’d been lying on—and climbed between John’s legs.
I know what you’re doing, you know.
“Very, very mild hay fever in the spring. Nothing that would kill him, unfortunately.”
I’m not injured.
, some treacherous part of his mind—sounds rather like Mycroft, actually—insists.
“—would panic.”
“Please,” he said. His voice swelled around a sob. “Please. Please.”
John waited, but Sherlock said nothing else. “And?”
<JohnHWatson> What does it mean if I can’t pick up anything anymore? Everything I mine just sort of hovers near the ground and I just walk through it.
With a heavy sigh, Sherlock flops onto his other side, curling into foetal position with his nose to the back of the sofa.
for being thrown in the thick of it, overwhelmed, struggling to keep her head above water.
John thought, and nearly reached down to stop her.
his surname—and then proceeded to take up one of John’s hands and give it a thorough shake. “An honour to meet you. You’ve managed to snatch up one of the best men in London.” Still grinning, he let go of John’s hand and reached over to clap Sherlock on the shoulder. “This man, he got me off a murder charge.”
John,
“Oh,” she said weakly. The smile she summoned now was more of a grimace. “Nice to meet you. I’ll just. Um.”
“You think I scratched myself? And then, what, forgot about it?”
Inside, he spotted Sherlock immediately: seated at an L-shaped booth beside a large window near the entrance of the restaurant. Turned sideways in his chair, he was devoting all of his focus to the mobile phone in his hand. In the restaurant’s dim lighting, he looked… oh, fucking hell, he looked unnaturally attractive. Smooth and creamy skin, cheekbones so sharp you could cut yourself on them, fringe falling artfully onto his forehead, his lips plumped and turned down in a pout of concentration.
“Oh come now, brother dear. I’ve scarcely been here two minutes. Surely you—”
. And after everything—the gifts and the phone sex and the blunt declaration of his sexual interest to that woman at the lab—wasn’t that another boost to John’s ego?
would’ve been putting it mildly. John could practically smell fifty-pound notes wafting off them. They were a pair of tannish-coloured boots, leather with rubber soles, and so shiny he could see his reflection in them. The faint scent of expensive aftershave clung to them: musky with a touch of spice. Very,
It wasn’t quite the question he’d been waiting for, but it was good enough.
Sherlock notices now that Lestrade’s eyebrows are raised, his expression becoming one of faint alarm under Sherlock’s steady stare. Beyond him, Donovan is speaking with the mother, who is crying more softly now, while her husband paces a short distance away. Yes, Sherlock is quite content to let Lestrade’s team deal with that. Sherlock can alert them to his new status as John’s boyfriend-lover-partner another time.
Sherlock attempts to nod, but John’s grip is unyielding. He moans again, more loudly, and his hips thrust weakly, seeking friction. His clothing seems uncomfortably restricting, although he’s not even fully erect yet. He can’t imagine how torturous it will feel when he is. The easiest solution, of course, would be to unzip his trousers and take out his prick, but his fingers refuse to cooperate. They’re content, evidently, to remain closed around a handful of sheets so tightly that his knuckles ache.
gnawing on her skin. It was fine. It should have been simple, even.
Why do you have a jar of human eyeballs in your fridge?
John’s smile widened and softened. Such a spectacular conundrum, that John could be both the harshest man Sherlock had ever met—all rough edges, sudden drops, and hidden spikes—as well as the softest. “You’re Sherlock Holmes.”
“Sorry,” he says, when Sherlock blinks dumbly at him. “Christ. That’s what I get for not thinking before I open my fucking mouth. I didn’t mean that like it sounded.”
“Hmm?” he says, laying a lingering kiss to John’s scar.
Then Sherlock’s hiss trailed off into a rumbling growl, and John stopped where he was, only a few feet from Sherlock, his paw lifted mid-step. His body was stretched longer than Mrs Hudson had thought possible—he seemed a very short cat, after all—and his nose twitched once, twice, before he simply turned, calmly as you please, and walked off to investigate the rest of the flat.
One hand wrapped around his prick, which swiftly began to thicken, and the other drifted lower, covering where he was still pink and slick and open. Mouth watering, Sherlock fully expected John’s fingers to sink inside, but they only pressed gently into his perineum and the sensitive skin around his hole.
, in other words.
, Sherlock thinks,
They remained like that, quiet, for several moments. John ran his forefinger around and around the top of his coffee cup, scarcely breathing. His heart felt as though it might pound right out of his chest.
“Occasionally, yes.” Sherlock cocked his head, birdlike. “Not good?”
Checking in, obviously. Ensuring that Sherlock is enjoying himself.
“I’ll make the second one just above the first,” John says, and, just like last time, drags a finger across Sherlock’s skin to illustrate.
John couldn’t help it; he laughed. It was perfectly absurd, what was happening right now just because John had said three words. “How many times are you going to make me say it?”
think he was?
John had been, of course, although at the reminder of what his life had become, his cock had gone soft. Since that wasn’t really something he felt like explaining, he simply said, “Getting there, yeah. Why did you ring this phone?”
John couldn’t help but snort. “You don’t need an erection to have sex. Hell, you don’t even need to have sex to carry on an affair.”
, Sherlock thought, and put even more of his weight onto John until he could scarcely move, his upper body pinned to the mattress with his arse still impaled on Sherlock’s cock.
Which was the stupidest thing John had ever heard, and he didn’t even try pretending that it wasn’t. “No you didn’t. You know all about me, apparently, and even if for some reason you did want to ‘get to know’ me better, you wouldn’t have abducted me like you did. I’ve got a phone. Two of them, actually. You could just phone me.”
His surprise seems to come like a blast from some hidden corner of his skeleton, and the violent jolting of his limbs seems his body’s attempt to contain it.
, SH had instructed,
Sherlock’s toes wriggled even harder. “Not hungry.”
The worst thing was, if it was all a ploy to make himself appear as harmless and ridiculous as possible, it was sort of working. John found himself smirking down at his lasagne, terribly amused.
‘It was
,” says John. There’s a miasma of disappointment and regret so thick around him that it clogs Sherlock’s nostrils and sticks uncomfortably in his throat. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, have you seen yourself? You look like you’ve been mauled.”
“At least it’s above freezing,” Sherlock said, trying to sound put-out and not as if he had orchestrated the whole thing. “We should be all right for the night. I’ve a heating fan I can give Mrs Hudson.”
Doubtful, unfortunately. John wasn’t that observant.
“Tell Mummy we’ll visit when things are more… settled,” said Sherlock. He positioned the violin on his shoulder and took up his bow. “That’s why you’re actually here, I assume?”
“Maybe a bit. This isn’t helping me put away the shopping, Sherlock.” It was fortunate that John had already put the milk away, as he suspected nothing else would get put away for quite a while.
When Sherlock spun around and dashed out the door, John was hard on his heels.
The tip of Ella’s pen tapped idly on her notepad, leaving a growing assortment of black ink blots. What would she write about John’s interest in Sherlock—or, worse, about Sherlock himself?
“Oi! They’re in fine condition, thanks.” The soles were still intact, at least, which was all John really cared about. “And I like them.”
Sherlock shrugged one shoulder, glancing away. “More or less.” He was hardly going to admit that he’d been going mad with the waiting, was he? That he’d nearly convinced himself John found him unmarriable for some reason Sherlock had yet to suss out.
Sherlock takes the glass to the kitchen and dumps its contents down the sink. When he returns to the living room, John still hasn’t moved. Sherlock sits across from him, trying not to betray how uncomfortable he is. He’s never been terribly fond of this chair, but now he has associations. It feels wrong to sit in it, especially with John right there.
At this angle, John could feel every centimetre of Sherlock’s cock as it pushed inside. He could feel too where the friction would begin to burn as the lube dried, although it hadn’t done yet, and he gave himself over to the sensation: to the thought of how he would be open, leaking come, for the rest of tonight and then limping tomorrow, of how Sherlock would love that.
Sherlock fled the kitchen, and in the process banged his knee on the table leg and nearly fell to the floor like the can of beans. Ears burning, he retreated to his bedroom, where he remained until dinner and then retreated back to afterwards.
“Seriously, not a word,” he said, and pretended not to notice that the corner of Sherlock’s soft, pink lips twitched when John took another sip.
The murder was brutal: a human so badly mauled that not even their gender could be determined by sight, much less their identity. Not for certain, anyway, although the chances it was the inhabitant of the flat it had been discovered in were probably quite high.
Fact: John had picked up the ring.
28 May, 2:50 p.m.
online death announcements in search of some mention of a man who had died of a “tragic accident” and been survived by a wife. After nearly an hour of turning up nothing that could provide insight into the death that Sherlock was investigating, John finally left off and instead began browsing different websites for news about the “serial suicides,” as the papers were calling them.
John stared at the computer screen. She had a feeling that Sherlock would insist on interrogating her and puzzling out precisely, in excruciating detail, what appealed to her before Sherlock would consent to carry on with the shopping.
“Yes, but
Only one way to find out.
There was a rush of static, as though the other person had sighed quite heavily into the receiver. “Do you often answer your phone without looking to see who’s ringing first?”
Dinner tomorrow. Sherlock was nodding into the top of John’s head, agreeing on instinct, before the implications dawned.
hours.
“Well. Yeah, obviously. I mean… you don’t fancy me like you did him, yeah?”
“I still wasn’t uncomfortable. Do people usually get uncomfortable when they find out you’re gay?”
With a nod, he stood. “Right. In that case, I’m sleeping in your bed. With you.”
“I’m dull,” John said. “Really. Nothing ever happens to me. You’d be bored to death.”
Sherlock’s finger flew across the screen.
“Oh fuck,” he said, bouncing harder. “Fuck, fuck.”
7:01 p.m.
It felt for a moment like the air had been knocked from John’s lungs. He sputtered. “What?”
“It’s fine,” John says, shaking his head as he half-turns. There is genuine delight in the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes. “Kind of nice, actually. Being hurt during sex, that is.”
“Oh! Yeah, course. You should go then. We’ll do this again, though, yeah? Maybe when I don’t have work the next day.”
“How do you feel about scratching?”
Standing beside where Sherlock was sat, stirring milk into his own cup of tea, John frowned. “You just… look like you might’ve had a rough night, I suppose. Are you okay?”
haunted her.
Sherlock needs to be hurt. Right now—John’s mouth at the joins of his own neck and shoulders, giving Sherlock a matching set of bruises. He wants to wear this moment on his own skin the way John is wearing it on his: beautiful and brutal.
, Sherlock thought.
‘Didn’t you just say that you hoped you and he were going somewhere?’ he reminded himself.
2:23 p.m.
He moans softly at the pain, squeezing his eyes closed, and John soothes him with wordless murmurs and brushes the hair away from his face. Sherlock has never laid his head in someone’s lap before. Has never even considered it as a potentially enjoyable activity, in fact, although clearly he’s been mistaken.
Sherlock blinks, remembers suddenly where he is and why, and is surprised how for even a moment he could forget.
“What were
“Fuck,” John said. He ached to put his mouth there, until the hair was damp and the hole loose and flushed.
. The vibration from Sherlock’s voice felt good. A nice little tease. John’s hips thrust forwards instinctively, chasing the sensation, and at the movement Sherlock’s arms jerked, fighting briefly against the cuffs.
Not a problem. Really. :)
“You were meant to wait,” Sherlock tells him.
But the words tangled in her throat, so she nodded instead and watched eagerly as John positioned the vibrator’s head just below her pubic bone and flipped the switch.
Sherlock shook his head, distracted. “I have to urinate.”
I didn’t have to because it just disappeared. A bit like someone hacked into my email and deleted it actually.
Answer the question.
It was surreal, having Sherlock in the bedsit, like seeing a unicorn in a dirty stable eating hay amidst a bunch of ordinary horses. A little embarrassing too, not that Sherlock seemed to give a toss about John’s dull, empty little bedsit. As soon as he’d entered, he spun around and focused solely on John. His attention was as sharp and heavy as an axe.
Ella is neither a family member nor a friend because, as I said, you don’t have close friends or family. The only people you mention spending time with are the ‘lads from rugby’, who you say ‘haven’t changed’. ‘Lads’, not ‘friends’ or ‘mates’, and the wistful note about them not changing casts you in opposition. They’ve not changed, but you have. That sort of isolation and loneliness isn’t generally seen in someone with a strong circle of support.
“That’s it,” John murmured. “Just stay calm. I won’t let it hurt you.”
Then Sherlock bent and kissed him—not a chaste peck, but a proper open-mouth snog—and John stopped thinking at all.
Sherlock buried his face in the bedsheets and moaned, half in pleasure and half in disappointment. There would be no proposal tonight, he supposed.
“What?” John was appalled. “When?”
, John surges backwards, mouth and eyes wide with shock. “What the hell was th—”
, Sherlock thinks, distraught. Words spin in his mind like bits of upset dust, but they refuse to fall where his mouth can find them. His throat works and his jaw clenches, useless.
It hurts. John Watson should never feel uncertain in Sherlock’s presence.
That was slightly alarming, wasn’t it? But at the same time, John wasn’t sure he really wanted to know any more. He was quite content to carry on believing he had any privacy from the government, thanks.
To amuse herself later, Mrs Hudson hung (or got Greg to hang, anyway) a sprig of mistletoe from the ceiling above the cat bed where John and Sherlock slept cuddled together most mornings.
As good as a physical touch, Sherlock’s look was. Something like a nuzzle or a nose kiss, sweet and soft but with the promise of heat. “Come home with me?”
“Hard or soft limits?”
“Come on, Sherlock,” he said, his voice even softer and tenderer than the fingers that raked through Sherlock’s filthy hair. “Come on. For me?”
“Thank you, Mrs Hudson.” John mounted the stairs, then paused on the first step. “Oh, and… might want to turn up the telly. Just in case.”
“Richard?” Sherlock says, quite confident he’s got it right.
“All right?” Sherlock said. His tone was smug. He knew exactly what he was doing to John, that John had been only somewhat in the mood until now.
“Ohhh,” John groaned, so relieved he sounded almost rapturous.
But now, with ecstasy written in the thin line of John’s lips and the wrinkles on her forehead, a simple finger was clearly sufficient. A finger was—
That night was the worst he’d had in a very long time.
), and caused every person in the entire bloody corner shop to turn and gawk at him whilst he fumbled with the loud, noisy phone (
Ella wasn’t really pleased about that. Like you said, it’s a bit violent and the main story’s about war. But by that point it was fairly obvious Ella and I weren’t really compatible so to speak, so I stopped seeing her.
He texted it to Sherlock, and again the response arrived in seconds.
Sherlock certainly didn’t feel it, flushed and flustered with his prick jutting out from his body like a tree branch and making an obscene tent where his shirt hung over it. But neither was he going to argue if John wanted to think so.
When he’d calmed enough to reappear from his hiding spot, most of Mrs Hudson’s ire had cooled, and she let him climb into her lap, knead at her thighs, and butt his head against her chin.
, it said.
“Mmm.”
“Sherlock.”
JohnHWatson: That’s cheerful. I suppose you’re right though.
No one who actually said “I’m not a stalker”
He kissed the top of John’s foot, followed by his ankle, so tenderly it made John’s chest feel tight. Then Sherlock backed off and took John’s place: supine in the centre of the bed, so that John could squat on top of him and lower himself onto Sherlock’s cock.
“Yes what?” John said.
“Hn. Quite.” Mycroft’s lip curled, and he cast a disparaging glance at the building John had just left. “You should fire her, you know. She’s got it the wrong way around. She thinks you’re
Sherlock waits.
For John to trust someone so much…. Sherlock can imagine nothing he wouldn’t do for the pleasure of that.
He wasn’t, of course. They were the same person. John thought ruefully that he should probably keep that in mind.
When they were a fair distance away, Sherlock froze abruptly, eyeing a parked black car and a man who emerged from the backseat dressed in a posh brown suit and carrying an umbrella.
That was it. Sherlock’s phone was quiet again, the brief conversation evidently concluded. Not that he’d wanted it to carry on, he supposed. The gnawing was gone, replaced with a little kernel of contentment that blossomed and stretched its branches throughout his torso when he glanced up from his mobile phone to find John approaching with a full glass of water.
Okay. I’ll see you there I guess?
He didn’t even have any fetishes. Not really. Sure, he didn’t mind ropes or cuffs, ordering or being ordered about, a bit of spanking—giving or receiving—maybe even something like a hairbrush or a paddle although he’d had no experience with either. Trying to meet people on a fetish site would be far, far out of his depth, he was sure of it.
A dozen or so police officers tearing Sherlock’s flat apart in a drugs bust. (Sherlock shot John an anxious look and shouted, “I’m
The promise in his tone and expression—which brought to mind their heated snog in the hallway at Sherlock’s flat—effectively wiped all thoughts of the encounter with Mycroft Holmes from John’s head.
testing you… you were
Seated in front of his computer, staring at the large grey-and-white “Sign Up Now!” button on the homepage of a fetish site.
‘Well done,’ he thought, gritting his teeth. ‘She’s been eager to meet you again, and you just made a brilliant impression.’
It was a Fleshlight, in fact: one meant to look like the arsehole of a female porn star that John had never heard of. There was also a small bottle of lubricant included in the parcel, although John was somewhat less concerned with that at the moment.
So I suppose I’ll talk to you tomorrow?
He was becoming gradually accustomed to being hunted down and interrogated on his porn preferences, the same way he had grown used to being texted about the effects of various injuries on the human body or how long it would take a corpse to decay under certain conditions.
Which wasn’t on, as far as John was concerned. It was rude and shifty, saying one thing with your mouth and something else with your face. No wonder Sherlock was in a hurry to get away.
That the glass didn’t shatter or even crack was a miracle, especially as he struggled and was promptly slammed a second time. His forehead took the brunt of it, throbbing as his vision spun and swam.
The shrill trilling sound in the otherwise silent room startled her so much she jolted with a shout. She sat up, heart beating wildly, and lunged for her phone, which was charging on the bedside table. It trilled again as she grabbed it.
, he thought. Lust shot through him like a spike through the soft sole of a shoe. He was utterly helpless to stop it.
, he thinks.
“Okay.”
John grinning devilishly and spreading his strong thighs, beckoning Sherlock between them, answering ‘That’s right, you’ve got it now. Now come on and use me.’
Did you just forward me an email exchange with a client?
It’s worth it to keep his eyes on Mycroft so he can witness his brother’s reaction when, as they say, the other shoe drops. Mycroft’s lip curls in distaste, and he leans backwards as though whatever Sherlock is affected by may be catching.
This suits Sherlock perfectly fine. To have his cock sucked or his arse licked is enjoyable, albeit no more or less than any other sexual act, and there is little he loves more than spreading John out like a map and trailing his tongue over the ridges and valleys of John’s body.
The way he said it was… lofty, lazy, and with his head still pillowed on his forearms and his arse lifted, clearly waiting for Sherlock to get on with it, unwilling to lift a finger to help, it was—it made Sherlock’s heart throb and his blood sing. It made him want to impress John even more badly than he had the day they’d first met.
“I,” Sherlock said.
“Daddy,” John said again, and paused to relish Sherlock’s answering moan. It still felt odd—dirty and hopelessly wrong—but if Sherlock kept responding like that, if one word could reduce him to putty in John’s hands…. “I want it. I want your cock in me. Can I have it, Daddy, please?”
“Why not?”
There was a chime and a buzz in Sherlock’s coat pocket, startling him into a brief silence. A text. He fished out his phone and glanced at the screen.
Yeah?
“Got the shopping this time, I see,” he said, sounding deeply pleased. John rolled his eyes to the ceiling, knowing what was coming, and sure enough, Sherlock continued, “If you’d taken my card to begin with, like I told you to—”
“What?”
And it does feel very much like being eaten. Sherlock’s tongue, which is longer and stronger than when he is human, is shoved in as far as it will go, and the noise of it licking sloppily into John’s hole is not unlike the sound of a dog with its muzzle deep in its food dish.
He turned, his coat on, and wound a blue scarf round his popped collar while he considered John, sweeping his eerily unblinking gaze from John’s hair to his shoes. “Hmm. The nightmares might present a problem.”
” and, struck with inspiration, urged John’s hand down between the folds of his dressing gown. Once there, John didn’t need any further encouragement; his hand closed around the base of Sherlock’s prick entirely of his own accord. It was far from erect, but it twitched and began to stiffen obediently when John gave it a tiny squeeze. Then he stroked, slowly but confidently, to the tip and then back down, pulling Sherlock’s foreskin back as he did. Sherlock’s knees threatened to wobble, and he clasped John’s trousers, fingers hooking into the pockets, to steady himself.
“Today’s been nice. I mean. Four in the morning and getting us kicked out of Costa aside. It’s been good.”
Fondness flooded John. He bent closer, whispering, “Thank you, Daddy.”
Then he steps forwards and, to Sherlock’s surprise, climbs into Sherlock’s lap. Each knee wedges between the chair arm and the seat cushion on either side of Sherlock’s hips, and John’s bottom rests on Sherlock’s lower thighs. Hastily, Sherlock wraps both arms around John’s waist to prevent him from falling.
“I did, yeah. Found a guide about it online yesterday. Seemed a shame to keep using the default if I didn’t have to. Anyway, I’m going to pick up some copper from the chest so I can make a sword.”
The maybe-owner of Speedy’s approached then, carrying the piping-hot fry-up that John had ordered.
He floated more than walked towards the living room and collapsed more than sat on the sofa. He gathered his dressing gown around him. It was the green one today—his new favourite, although it was old and worn now. It was the first one that John had touched.
Everything hurts. His muscles ache; the teeth and claw marks sting; he has carpet burn on his hands and knees; and the next time he goes to the toilet will be a nightmare.
Lestrade’s eyes went squinty and then wide. He sat back in his seat. “Jesus,” he said, astounded. “Jesus Christ, it’s actually happening.”
“But before you do that… can I see?”
Sherlock thought. John was straight, after all. Well, perhaps bisexual, considering this most recent development, but until now she’d seemed quite content to be seen as a straight woman. And Sherlock was reasonably sure that straight women liked cocks.
Just bring yourself. That’s all I really care about anyway.
When he was finished, he hurried back, retrieved the lubricant and his tail plug from the bedside table, and lay on his stomach on the bed with his legs spread.
Sherlock shook her head dumbly. She was too turned-on, her genitals too sensitised. Any direct touch, especially another person’s, would be too much. She hardly needed anything, really. Just a few more squeezes and the memory of John pulsing around her, coming on her hand.
this.’ “I got an email from someone I knew at uni. A banker now. Says there’s been an incident at the bank he was hoping I might sort out. Might be a case. You’re coming, of course.”
The living room was a disaster. There was sheet music spread about the carpet and a violin on the coffee table beside a block of rosin. John wondered if Sherlock played or if this was somehow case-related, but before he could ask, Sherlock said, “Yes.”
“We’re all right, then?” John asks. Mumbles, really. His face buried in Sherlock’s shirt. Clinging to Sherlock nearly as tightly as Sherlock is clinging to him. “I mean, we’re not, obviously. I’m a knob who needs to remember how to trust himself, and you’re a knob who needs to learn to open his fucking mouth. There’s still loads to talk about, but—”
I never said I was smart. And I wouldn’t really you call you a stranger since I know your name and now your number.
“Thank you, Daddy.”
He meant the sex, Sherlock suspected. And, as an extension of that, the affection.
“Tempting,” John admitted, putting on his coat. “But not quite. You have to give DI Lestrade your statement, and—”
. “No.”
“I don’t know,” he says, sounding small and pitiful: an embarrassment. “I’m—I don’t—”
More photographs, this time an entire envelope of them which Sherlock upended, scattering pictures of murdered men—all of them naked and bound with rope to a bed, their bodies smeared with faeces—all over the table. John stole another glance around the room and found everyone still staring, horrified.
“It’s password protected!”
Sherlock hitched one ankle around the back of John’s calf, kept the other where it was, and
“Put it away,” John said, “
“Yes,” he says. “Similar depth as the second, I think.”
“Christ, sorry, was that too much? That came out soppier than I meant it to.”
And Sherlock really did. After the incident with the cat bed, it became terribly, painfully obvious.
“Don’t be obtuse,” Mycroft says with a deep scowl. “Even if I can’t entrust you with your own safety, I can certainly entrust John Watson with it.”
, he thought.
Alarmed, she climbed out of bed and rushed towards the noise, which turned out to be coming from the kitchen. When she got there, she threw on the light to find Sherlock perched on the table and gazing, unblinking, at the ceiling above him. His tail was jerking excitedly, his whiskers quivering, and he was making one long string of chirps.
Sherlock on his back, with his legs around John’s waist, spellbound by the sight before him. Utterly nude, the gloriously gnarled scar on his left shoulder bared, his face flushed and damp with sweat, John is breathtaking.
Instead, he said, “I quite like dogs.”
Sherlock hummed to concede the point. Her hair arranged perfectly again, her fringe swept artfully across her forehead and curls brushing the tops of her ears, she spun back around with a grin.
“I knew it,” Sherlock said. “From the moment I saw your profile, read how you described yourself. You were so bored, so…
Lightheaded, Sherlock brought his knees to his chest and wrapped his arms around them.
It couldn’t have felt good physically, not really, at least not enough to be distracting to that degree. Had to have been the idea of it, the pleasure he got from the sheer thought of Sherlock penetrating him. Sherlock’s vision went abruptly dark. It took him a moment to even notice and then another moment to realise he’d closed his eyes, overcome.
“I thought you were a stalker. Yeah, I know, you said you weren’t, but
I was thinking it would be really shit of me to treat you exactly as I had been before, like you’d think I was trying to lead you on.
“That,” John told him, “is amazing.” He wished that he’d been there to see it all firsthand: Sherlock examining the body, making deductions. If he’d been glowing when he’d met John afterwards, then in the moment he’d probably been incandescent, blinding.
Shaking his head, Sherlock stumbled backwards and tore off his suit jacket, which he dropped to the floor before he began to unbutton his shirt. His hands, John noticed, were shaking. “I told you: you’re unexpected. That ‘gets me going.’”
JohnHWatson: Well, except for the bit where its eyes should be bulged too, at least at the very first part of the bloat stage, before they deflate. More like 8P
“Perhaps I should invest in a breeding stand,” says Sherlock. He calmly turns a page in the journal. “If you refuse to stay still while you’re being bred.”
Another effort to speak, this one easier than the first because Sherlock wanted it more. He rested his cheek on the bed, facing John, and gave him the most desperate, plaintive expression he could manage. “Please.”
“It’s cold,” he said, curling his lip.
“There,” Sherlock murmured, settling into place.
When he leaves, Sherlock feels like a train removed from its track: useless, directionless. He crawls into the now Johnless space on the bed and inhales deeply.
“Light and slow,” John continues. “Just like we talked about. I’ll just barely break skin. Then we’ll see how you’re doing and if you want me to carry on.”
The moment the door to Sherlock’s flat closed behind them, John was shoved against it and snogged. The Primark bag in his hand fell to the floor with a thud. He twined his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and squeezed Sherlock’s knee where it was pressed between his thighs. He felt greedy. He felt a mess.
. Sherlock screwed up his face. He didn’t want to
delude herself into thinking that it was.
, he thought.
The image that follows is oddly thrilling: John holding a knife to Sherlock’s throat, blood beading along a fresh cut and spilling over, dribbling down John’s hand. Sherlock’s very lifeblood staining John’s skin. The idea is so appealing it’s almost irresistible. John is a doctor, after all, and a former Army one at that—he’s been covered in the blood of countless strangers, so why shouldn’t Sherlock have the same distinction?
. John’s arse was nestled against him, albeit clothed and at the height of his thighs rather than his cock, but it was close enough.
The door slammed, the sound jerking them apart. Beyond it, something in the corridor crashed. John’s skin prickled, gooseflesh forming even under all his layers of clothing. His breath, along with Sherlock’s, fogged between them.
6:37 p.m.
,” he huffed, without so much as a greeting. “As I was saying, the adder is the only venomous snake native to Britain, although they are not typically aggressive animals and no one’s died from an adder in bite in well over a decade, possibly two. Very slim chance, then, that—”
about you. I’ve never loved anything as much as I love you, and that you honestly don’t know that is… I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t think to say it until now.”
Sorry for the radio silence. I’ve been busy. Tarting up my CV and trying (failing to be honest) to network and look for a new job, things like that. I’ve also been working longer hours at the surgery this week since it’s my last. I thought it’d be best to leave on the highest note possible, you know?
But John’s true meaning—
The sensation lasted well into the afternoon.
Looks more like someone whose mouth has been stitched shut at the corner if you ask me.
, since that came with connotations that weren’t entirely accurate, but… well, a certain amount of
John ate his breakfast, staring at the watch box, and thought about the block of flats he had stood in front of the previous week, the fluttering curtain in the upstairs window, Sherlock knowing when John was at Speedy’s and peeking at him from the window like a creep. Sherlock treating John like a pawn, going to expensive lengths to keep them on uneven ground, trying to catch a glimpse of John while continuing to hide behind his own phone and computer.
Sherlock’s voice was low and waspish when he answered. “It won’t get rid of the discomfort, obviously. But it’ll help.”
It doesn’t matter how. Hit, scratched, burnt, Sherlock only cares that it is somewhere visible. Somewhere that can be easily revealed at a crime scene, in a coffee shop, at Bart’s, on the Tube, so that everyone can see that he’s been marked by John and know precisely what that means.
Although it was probably impolite, wasn’t it, to insist on jumping right to anal intercourse. They should… oh, Sherlock didn’t know, what did people do when they did this sort of thing? Explore each other, rub off on each other, put their mouths on each other, all of which sounded good, brilliant even. He should’ve assured John that he didn’t need to feel pressured to offer this, that Sherlock would be content—
From the corner of his eye, he sees John carrying Rosie into the living room, kneeling with a grunt.
,” John said, half-smiling, “if the scarf could be the last thing you buy me for… for a while at least, I think I’d prefer that.”
His body brushed Sherlock’s as he eased past him and returned to the bedroom. He was limping slightly, from both the tenderness in his arse and his still stiff and sore legs. Watching him approach the bed, Sherlock was struck with the urge to put his arms around him and hold him, sharing his breath and heat and scent, for weeks.
“Obviously not.” Sherlock blinked again. “I am. I’ll be the one wearing it, after all.”
One of his knees bent and brushed pointedly against Sherlock’s trousers. It prompted Sherlock to glance down where John’s cock was still flushed and hard, so heavy it was weighted flat along his lower abdomen. Sherlock could almost taste it.
John’s bedroom looked more or less the same as it had the last time Sherlock had been up here. The bed was perfectly made, the chest of drawers empty, the suitcase still unpacked.
“She’s not.” The earnestness, the compassion in Sherlock’s gaze stung worse than the icy claws as they’d dug into John’s nape. “You… Because you weren’t the man she thought you were? Because you texted another woman? John, she…she loved you. She would have understood.”
, he promised himself.
Sherlock was curious enough about the hat (a cat-sized deerstalker, with thick velcro straps to keep it in place) when it was sitting innocuously on the sofa arm. He sniffed it, batted at it, even knocked it to the floor and had a tussle with it, holding the straps between his teeth while he kicked at it with his back paws.
“Your brother’s a prick.”
Alarm. Sherlock’s heart pounds, panic like a shrieking siren throughout his body. It’s an irrational reaction; he knows this. John has said nothing surprising, nothing worth becoming upset over. Still, the reaction persists.
, John thought muzzily, and bit.
Sherlock,
She put the catnip-filled toy mouse, still in its packaging and wrapped in green paper with a red bow, in the top drawer of the end table beside the bed, which neither John nor Sherlock had ever shown any interest in before.
“Please,” Sherlock sighs, his mind growing hazy as arousal burns through him. “Please, touch me. I want it so badly.”
Like Sherlock had done two nights ago when John had tried to touch her. It was a sobering thought: putting herself in John’s place, seeing her actions as John must’ve seen them.
“Well,” John said, when they’d got the worst of the mess cleaned up, “that was a new one. Never had anyone throw
“Gorgeous,” says John, leaning back even further and tilting his head up so he’s looking up into Sherlock’s face. “I’m sorry I didn’t do that. But that’s why you should tell me what you want when I ask. Then I can be sure you get it. But… all right. Thank you for telling me now. Anyway, the point of all this, what I hope is finally starting to get through your thick bloody skull, is I’m pretty sure there’s nothing you could say or do that would put me off.”
That is, until Mrs Hudson paused in front of a cage with a gorgeous, gorgeous black cat inside, lying against the back wall licking his paw as though he hadn’t a care in the world. He was long-haired, with wispy fur around his face, and his tail was so fluffy it looked bigger than it probably was. He had a princeliness about him, the same as Mycroft.
“Here,” he said gruffly. “Try that on for size.”
I think so, yeah. I feel better now at least I know you’re not dead.
Sherlock moaned. The noise was quiet and breathy but unmistakable. Her legs, already closed, clamped together even more tightly. A sympathetic throb of arousal went through John’s groin at the sight.
Which was not a thought that John should have been having. He made himself look away.
Does he? Sherlock hasn’t noticed, although he does highly approve of his own appearance. A good number of the marks are hidden by his shirt collar, but just as many peek out from beneath it.
‘How much more obvious can it get,’ John thought, ‘that you won’t live up to his expectations? Wouldn’t it be better to end it now, before he’s well and truly bored of you?’
John swallowed. That conversation seemed ages ago now, although it had only been days. “Why do you think something happened?”
From the kitchen came a bang and a thud. John turned and peered into the adjacent room, where Sherlock was doing his best impression of a cyclone. He hadn’t removed his coat, and it billowed and flapped as he hurried back and forth between the open cupboard above the sink and the rubbish bin he’d apparently hauled to the middle of the room.
It does, a bit, when Sherlock moves his neck. The skin feels stretched, tender. However, it’s hardly excruciating or even distracting, and what benefit Sherlock is meant to be gaining from an ice pack is beyond him.
Read?
“Touch yourself,” she told John.
, Sherlock thought, blinking rapidly after him. Then, the proverbial mental bomb, whiting out everything in its path:
“Yeah, erm. Maybe. Harry and I had a bit of a row earlier. I might still be bothered from that, I dunno.”
, he thought.
It was worse when the plaster came off, when John took to wearing low-backed vests with her hair still up to avoid irritating the abused skin. Drawing Sherlock’s attention to it, giving her no choice but to look at the healing wound daily, watch as the swelling went down and the bruised skin darkened even further to a purplish-blue.
<Game mode changed.>
My parents are indeed ‘in the picture’, although I don’t see them often. They have a cottage in Gloucestershire, which I and Mycroft usually visit around Christmas, and they travel to London at least twice a year to visit. You’re correct that Sherlock and Mycroft are both family names, though my brother and I are the first to have them in well over a century. As I understand it, Mummy developed an interest in genealogy during her first pregnancy, and she’s always been a bit impulsive and whimsical and Daddy has always followed her devotedly. I’m also not totally convinced the epidural wasn’t to blame.
I better let you get back to you case.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Debatable. And not important right now. Have coffee with me.”
“I resigned myself some time ago to the inevitability of that, Sherlock,” says Mycroft. “No, no, my concern lies instead in... certain aspects of that relationship, if you will. Your recent internet history, for instance, has been quite telling.”
“Oh.” John sounds startled. Understandable, Sherlock supposes, as he did (sort of) initiate an open-mouth kiss on the lips the day before. “Erm. Okay. No snogging. Got it.”
before it came tumbling out. Too revealing by far, in no small part because it was fuelled by sentiment rather than truth. (Sherlock rather would’ve enjoyed, for instance, drugging and conducting studies on Mycroft.) “—an exception,” he said instead.
Sorry.
Sherlock set his cup on the coffee table so haphazardly that tea splashed over the top. “Thank you, Mrs Hudson. So nice chatting with you, sorry you have to leave so soon, but believe me when I say you don’t want to be here for the next bit.”
“Right, sorry, I was.... Got a bit distracted. I’m on my way.”
touched, not the fleeting brushes and accidental grazes that had nearly driven Sherlock spare. No, John had run his hands along the sleeves and said
“You— [giggling harder] Yeah, I suppose they would be, without curves.”
“All right?” he asks, in barely a whisper. “Was that too hard?”
Hasn’t he? Hm. No, he supposes he hasn’t. Although he scarcely even remembers how he used to be, before…. Well, before.
—because Sherlock was right, as usual, wasn’t she? John couldn’t just stay still and take it, although the idea (Sherlock holding her down, biting the back of her neck, telling her to “Take it, take it,
I hope the case is going well.
“I’ll try. You stupidly attractive arrogant sod.”
It wasn’t really the time to be getting soppy, though, so John cleared his throat and glanced away. “Right then. Another rooftop?”
Another nod, followed by a breathy groan as John slipped a second finger alongside the first.
John inclined her head. “Okay.” She circled round her chair and sat in it. “Well. I’ve got time. So tell me about it.”
“Wait, hang on,” John said. “You—next door?”
Sherlock was pondering this, sitting on the sofa whilst recalling everything he’d known about John and Mary’s relationship, when John came home wearing baggy medical scrubs and smelling faintly of blood.
“Sorry,” John mutters. “Didn’t mean to yank. Are you all right?”
There were cigarette burns on the underside of it. Sherlock scarcely even remembered making them, but he knew that he had. High on cocaine, ecstasy, tobacco, and whatever else, putting out his cigarette on the nearest piece of furniture so he didn’t have to get up, didn’t have to slow his thinking and direct his mind off the path towards brilliance that it had been travelling.
The phone chimed again before John’s text was even sent.
Sherlock echoed the sigh, albeit with more resignation. “Worth a try. I’ve been trying to get you a case, you know. An
“Yes, fine,” he said, sounding utterly put-upon. “I’ll show you. The first thing you’ll want to do is put it in something. There are some vampires who prefer to drink it straight from the bag, but….” Sherlock wrinkled his nose, leaving John no doubt what he thought of those vampires. “You won’t be one of them.”
For once, Mycroft paid Sherlock little attention and fixed his gaze instead on John. Unlike Sherlock’s scrutiny, which was keen and probing but rarely made John uncomfortable anymore, Mycroft’s was utterly unforgiving. John might’ve been a fish on a carving board, waiting to be flayed.
It wasn’t at all the sort of answer John had been expecting, and surprised laughter bubbled out of him and echoed on the quiet street. Then, figuring SH might as well know that John had been amused, he sent a quick
After a little poking about, he locates both food items at the very back of the fridge, behind John’s remaining three cans of beer.
and although Sherlock didn’t understand the appeal—the vibrations were strong, yes, but she’d held it between her own thighs once for almost twenty minutes and felt only boredom—she nevertheless ensured it was always ready whenever John wanted it.
It did, a bit, although Sherlock’s bladder hadn’t been anywhere near full to begin with. He sighed in contentment and huddled closer, pressing his dirty chest against John’s knee and laying his wet head on John’s thigh. If John minded—and why should he, when he’d kissed Sherlock’s head of his own volition only a short while ago?—he gave no sign. He simply stroked Sherlock’s hair away from his face, taking care not to snag his fingers on any of the freshly matted curls.
John laughed. “I’m a bit curious what the consequences would be, but all right. If you insist.”
?” Sherlock said, seeming close to yanking out his hair in frustration.)
You meant to send it. You had to have done. You wanted me to know.
“Well—”
John stared. How many times had they had a similar sort of conversation? He was beginning to suspect she was misunderstanding on purpose. “No, Mrs Hudson, we’re not like that. He—”
They kissed until Sherlock’s hands were fisted in the back of John’s jumper and John was echoing every groan of Sherlock’s with one of his own. Eventually, Sherlock broke away, swollen-lipped and flushed, and tugged impatiently on John’s jumper.
“Well, whatever it was, it never followed you out of the house, did it? So I think we can safely say it’s the house it was attached to, not you or Rosie.”
It’s not even close to a proper scalp massage—which Sherlock has had, incidentally, and which has never felt anywhere near as erotic as what John is doing now—but Sherlock doesn’t have the breath to argue. He rubs his chin against John’s thigh, smearing the mess of John’s come across John’s skin and leg hair. (John’s semen is foul—bitter with a sour aftertaste—and Sherlock has begun refusing to swallow it. Fortunately, John seems quite content, enthusiastic even, to ejaculate on Sherlock’s face and body instead.)
Bored and impatient. Words John would’ve used to describe Sherlock, not herself, but John didn’t argue. Hadn’t she just been thinking how similar they were?
He made sure to grab his gun from the desk drawer before he left.
He had barely pressed the button to send the text before the BlackBerry was ringing, its lit screen displaying Sherlock’s name. John answered on instinct, even as his mind seemed quite content to wonder ‘What the hell?’ on a running loop.
John’s other hand, Sherlock notices, is at his side, his fingers alternately clenching and releasing as though, like Sherlock’s before, they need something to clutch.
On the sofa, John looked up from his phone and his continued search on paranormal activity.
He was immensely relieved that he’d thought to grab his gun before he’d left the bedsit.
Giving the faces a try I see. I’m going to focus on that bit rather than the bit where you’re a lying berk with no sense of self-preservation. :)
, John thought, followed swiftly by:
—or thirsty, or whatever Sherlock wanted to call it—that people shuffled the opposite direction on the Tube and parents herded their children as far away as possible. Even on a good day John wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Sherlock empty five whole bags of blood.
Tell, not ask. Sherlock tilted his head, curious. As compelling as it would be to have John
John sat back in his chair, looking uncertain. “Do you… want to continue having it?”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. They don’t even fit you properly.”
“I don’t like kissing,” says Sherlock, then amends: “Open-mouth kissing on the lips. Closed-mouth kissing is acceptable, as are open-mouth kisses on other parts of the body.”
John gripped the leather cushion beneath him and thought about crying, ‘Daddy!’ as an apology, to make up for his inexcusable blunder. But he could only manage to mouth it. Mostly soundless—certainly voiceless, and the smacking noise of his tongue and lips forming the word was drowned out by Sherlock’s long, rapturous moan as his jaw stretched wide to accommodate John’s girth.
“You didn’t,” he begins, then has to pause, when the breath he’s just taken seems suddenly to abandon him. His lungs burn; his entire chest cavity feels tight. He inhales again, then tries to push past.
Which was unthinkable, as far as John was concerned. It was an utterly benign request. He kicked off his shoes, letting them fall onto the carpet with a dull thump, and then climbed into Sherlock’s lap exactly as he’d wanted Sherlock to climb into his: his knees digging into the cushion and his arse on Sherlock’s lower thighs.
<ScienceOfDeduction has abandoned your fight.>
! I don’t even smoke!” before digging the crumpled nicotine patches, which John had forgotten about and certainly hadn’t realised Sherlock still had on him, from the pocket of his trousers and tossing them childishly at DI Lestrade’s feet.)
He clambered upright, heart thrashing against his sternum, but he was alone.
Time stopped. Sherlock could feel his heart pounding somewhere in the vicinity of his larynx, and his oesophagus seemed to have twisted itself in his throat. He struggled to swallow and control his saliva production. His voice was thick with sentiment when he said, “Yes?”
But John’s question….
Sherlock gives him less than a second to get used to it, and then his weight settles flat on John’s back and John is being ruthlessly fucked, with enough force that he’s jerked forwards with every thrust.
The sight—Sherlock’s heel propped against John’s left thigh, John cradling Sherlock’s ankle and watching Sherlock’s toes curl and wriggle in the cool air of the flat—was strangely pleasing. It seemed domestic, putting your foot in someone’s lap: domestic and intimate. It soothed something in Sherlock to be able to do this.
asking
“Cause of death?” John asked.
He clutched Rosie closer, ignoring the adrenaline urging him into action.
“There was that, yeah,” John says with a little huff of laughter. “But sometimes it just… seems like something’s off, I suppose.”
bed. But any embarrassment John might have felt was tempered by the ringing silence in the room and the bed falling utterly, perfectly still.
John opened his eyes, fixating on Greg’s expression of concern and sympathy. He hadn’t moved at all even though everyone else on his team was backing away, lowering their hands from their noses to cover their necks protectively. Their heartbeats throbbed in John’s ears, their blood—
one, that is. Not drunken drownings and clumsy junior doctors.”
Reason was abandoning her, being swiftly overtaken by lust. Sherlock slid down even farther on the bed, turning so that she was lying on her side next to John, close enough that she could bow her head and nuzzle the top of John’s if she dared—which she didn’t.
“Are you okay? How are you feeling?”
John’s blog post, when it is finally finished, is every bit as dramatic and poorly punctuated as Sherlock anticipated.
After dinner, Sherlock said nothing about John going back with him to Baker Street, and as they parted just outside the restaurant—with Sherlock visibly distracted, his enthusiasm as wilted as his posture—John finally admitted to himself that perhaps that hadn’t been what he’d wanted after all.
And John, agreeable and easily swayed, is reciprocating in a matter of seconds. Suckling Sherlock’s bottom lip and cupping Sherlock’s cheek in one palm with such tenderness that Sherlock feels weak and boneless in the face of it.
“Are you going to actually listen to me this time?” John said. It was odd, but not impossible, to speak while someone was tugging on your lips with their teeth.
—only to jolt and slap the cushion in shock a moment later when Sherlock’s head bobbed abruptly faster and faster, until he was well on his way to fucking his throat raw on John’s cock.
“Did you get hurt?”
“Yes I’ll bite you.”
“Do you get tossed out of places often?” John wondered. A genuine question, but Sherlock smirked as though it had been a joke.
Sherlock returns to his research on BDSM relationships, but this time he narrows his focus to strictly the S and M bits. After all, John’s shown no interest in bondage or domination, and after careful consideration, Sherlock decides that his own interest in either is minimal.
“Course,” John said, “you also acted like a nutter when I started dropping hints, so that threw me off as well. I didn’t have the first fucking clue what to think.”
“Cheers,” John said, reaching between his parted thighs. “That’s—oh that feels lovely.”
The word ‘infancy’ rankled a bit. “Says who?”
“You’re thinking about writing up the case. If you do, and if you decide to disclose your change of species, only use ‘child’ without an e.”
‘Just the word,’ he told himself. ‘It’s nothing more than you’ve already done.’ If Sherlock wanted anything more than that, then… well, then John would just have to deal with that when it came up, wouldn’t he? Although with any luck, that wouldn’t happen for a long while.
“Cheers,” John said, perfectly pleasant again.
Sherlock smiled back, although it probably looked deranged—all teeth, with John’s hand sticking out. He closed his lips briefly around John’s finger, giving a soft suck before letting go and drawing back.
, Sherlock thinks, and wishes he could preserve this moment in a jar of embalming fluid and display it on the mantel: this moment when physical pain and mental ecstasy coalesce exquisitely. The present state of his neurochemistry could rival a cocaine high. He wants this daily, or at least weekly, for the rest of his life.
<JohnHWatson> Okay.
The ring was a simple band. Fourteen-karat yellow gold, six millimetres in width. There were no gems or adornments of any kind, no engravings. It was plain, traditional, impersonal—it was dull.
“You mentally project yourself into the media you consume—when the protagonist is in danger, you display all the physiological signs of fight-or-flight response, and so on. Presumably, you do the same with the pornography you view. So: the female or the ‘tentacle monster’? Definitely not the female. By your own admission, you dislike being restrained, as the female always is in the videos you’ve downloaded, and although you enjoy the
When the collar and the black cat ears he sometimes paired it with were arranged artfully on the still-bundled bedsheets—not that John would care about artfulness, but Sherlock saw no point in bothering with any of it if he wasn’t going to put forth his best effort—Sherlock fetched his mobile phone and snapped a photo of the items on the bed. Then he texted it to John and sat down to wait.
“Oh, lovely,” John bit out. The cab windows helped tremendously, but his mood was still quite foul. “Brilliant. Exactly the sort of life I want.”
Sherlock thought, remembering. Her thighs were so tense they trembled, and her fingers threatened to cramp where they were still grasping her own hair.
Intravenous or intranasal?
“A bit,” Sherlock admitted. He couldn’t resist flexing his hands, giving John’s arse cheeks a squeeze through the denim, which made John chuckle again and do a playful shimmy. Sherlock’s nerves were all but gone now, burrowing back wherever they’d come from. He groped again, revelling in John’s laugh and in the knowledge that John was here, delighted by Sherlock’s perverse fixation.
His eyes were covered in a red film—opaque, completely obscuring his pupils and irises. If John were to press a finger to the corner of one eye, he knew it would come away bloody.
Oh so you didn’t then?
It never ceased to amaze him, how well-suited they were. In their thriving on danger, their distaste for the ordinary, their craving for each other’s attention.
He drew back, ignoring Sherlock’s whimper of protest. “And you’re an idiot. Running off like that, nearly getting yourself killed. You were going to take that bloody pill, weren’t you?”
John snorted weakly. “Fair enough.”
“It’s okay,” John told him, the words falling from his mouth in a breathless rush. “I’m here. I’ve got you.”
before.”
Mrs Hudson stands and comes close enough that she can pat Sherlock’s arm and then his cheek. “It’s all right. You boys really are better together. You’ll see. You’ll sort each other out.” She smiles. “Save each other, you might even say.”
He aches at the sight.
“Good. That’s—ahh, that’s it, that’s the spot.”
Then John turned the fucking machine to the lowest speed. It surged to life with a mechanical groan, and its arm retracted, withdrawing the toy until only the tip remained inside, before it plunged forwards again.
John should have left it at that, especially after his ridiculous attempt to show off during their phone conversation, but somehow he couldn’t quite resist the urge to reach for the BlackBerry and send Sherlock a text.
She skimmed her hands up John’s inner thighs until they were close enough that she could spread John’s labia gently with her thumbs. Flushed, damp skin; her cunt opened around Sherlock’s fake cock, drooling wetness down the silver length; her clit swollen, peeking from its hood.
Sherlock’s mind flickered back several months, to when John had berated him for being incapable of waiting and then, afterwards, when Sherlock had penetrated him for the first time. According to John—and to Sherlock’s mortification—Sherlock had regaled him amidst whimpers and wails with the history of Pluto’s designation as a planet.
“And for god’s sake, Sherlock,” said Mrs Hudson, “put something on. It’s not decent.”
“We… I mean, we could give Outskirts a go, I suppose.”
Sherlock shakes away his stupor and stands, nearly knocking over his chair in his enthusiasm. “You’ll want to continue in the bedroom, I assume?”
. You just didn’t have all the relevant data.”
Speaking of, so I suppose thescienceofdeduction.co.uk is your website? It’s got the same pompous tone as your guide, at any rate, as well as your complete misunderstanding about deduction vs induction. If you’re some sort of private detective, then where did you find the 100+ hours to work on your guide? Seems an unlikely combination, detective work and avid video gaming.
He’s lost weight, Sherlock notices, which will render any weight-based insults ineffective—they’ll only remind him of his accomplishment and make him smug.
Trying to slow his breathing, slow his heartbeat, John thought, but his fight-or-flight kicked in and drove him higher. He was so close. His orgasm was
“Now and then, yes. I suppose we could find somewhere else if you’d rather. There’s a café just over there.”
Oh I don’t know, sometime between when you passed out last night and then woke up insisting on buying me coffee.
“Good,” says John. “It took you long enough. Still fancy a scratch?”
John’s answering smile bares his teeth.
The moment that John came trotting out, though, Sherlock leapt back, his spine arching and his already fluffy tail puffing up even larger. John spotted him immediately and froze, and for several long seconds, they simply stared at each other while Mrs Hudson knelt carefully down and prepared to intervene if necessary.
“Not that one,” John told her, apparently surprising Sherlock so much that she jerked backwards.
Sherlock,
“What, not even as a kid?”
A pension won’t go far in London. You had to find a flatmate. But according to your blog, which you started in early December, you didn’t move in with Harry until late February. If you and your brother were close, you’d have moved long before then. But no, you waited until you had no other choice. Not to mention, he’s replied to nearly every one of your blog posts, and you’ve not responded to any of his comments. He’s reaching out to you, but you’re not reaching back. That says you’ve got problems with him.
“You’re spending a lot of time on the floor lately,” John said.
In fact, after the first time, John didn’t seem bothered at all by the water, not even when the spray once inadvertently (he’d twisted his upper body, batting excitedly at a bauble, at the last second) caught him right in the face. He’d only trotted towards Sherlock, who’d been watching the spectacle lazily from the sofa, and then stood still when Sherlock hopped down to lick him clean.
“I—” John began, absolutely intending to deny it (albeit more on principle than anything—who the hell was he to say what John thought or felt?), but before he could, Sherlock looked him in the eye, sucked in a deep shoulder-lifting breath, and said, “Come home with me.”
. It hadn’t even occurred to him. Why hadn’t it occurred to him? Simplest answer: he’d allowed it to become too commonplace, too easily forgotten. Like the collar, overlooked on the sofa for a week because Sherlock hadn’t wanted to bother with putting it away properly.
“I feel it in my clit first, although it’s just a sort of… general awareness of it, I suppose. Then I feel it in my cunt. It aches a bit, and I’m suddenly very, very aware that there’s a hole there, an empty hole, and that it would be so, so easy to fill it.”
, Sherlock reassures himself.
He’d not received a single text from SH in the time he’d been at the pub. Every time that John had been to the loo and checked Harry’s old phone, he’d been surprised, but now that the night was more or less over, he was completely baffled. The entire afternoon John had been bombarded with text messages from SH—‘Sigerson,’ he thought with a snigger—and now he was finally being left alone?
John called up his memory of when he’d woken up the previous night. No, it had definitely felt like hunger, not thirst, and anyway, all the medical literature used the terms interchangeably. “What’s the difference?”
of Mrs Hudson’s shoes on the stairs, moving more slowly and carefully than usual. Carrying a full tea tray, cautious of spilling anything, Sherlock thought. As the door opened, he lifted his head to check that his deduction was correct, and when he saw that it was, he lowered it again.
“No, of course not. We just—we haven’t really talked about it.”
Aloud, Sherlock simply says, “Why would I bring it up?”
Sherlock’s head canted to one side, catlike. “Ah. Should I go apologise to her?”
(‘question’), of course I didn’t have to look up the proper grammatical terms. Just because you’ve dispensed with primary school grammar lessons doesn’t mean the rest of us have.
“However I look,” Sherlock said, pressing the massager to John’s hole and swivelling it in a way that made John lift his hips, eager for it, “I guarantee it’s nowhere near the sheer perfection of you with your arse full.” With a bracing breath like it was his own prick in his hand, he pushed the tip inside.
But at the same time, John couldn’t deny that he
He could have stood behind her and slipped into her before she was even fully wet. Rocked his cock into her until she was squirming and gasping, reaching between her thighs to touch herself as she was fucked nice and slow and deep.
Sherlock bit the pillow to muffle his groan as he came.
It wasn’t totally unprecedented—depending on his general mood and need for a case, he could occasionally be bothered to reach the door before Mrs Hudson—but it was near enough that for a moment John could only stare.
John remained practically glued to the BlackBerry for the rest of the night, even when he lay in bed stroking himself to the thought of Sherlock’s plump lips painted with come (which was, god, not exactly an unappealing idea… quite the opposite, in fact), although Sherlock didn’t text again.
“Don’t,” John said, still sounding dreadfully tired. “No deductions right now. All right?” He turned, slipped off his coat, and hung it on the rack. Its sleeve brushed against the sleeve of Sherlock’s coat, a touch Sherlock could almost feel on his own skin.
Like SH, John hadn’t joined any groups or listed any fetishes, although he had written a fairly detailed two-paragraph “About me” and filled out most of the general information bits, including that he was 37, male, living in London, bisexual, “just curious right now,” and looking for friendship, a relationship, and/or events.
He had my ex therapist’s notes and he read a bit from them to try and unnerve me.
“That’s not your handwriting,” John said. Thought aloud, really.
“It wasn’t stressful. It wasn’t anything, really. She just... said it wasn’t working out.”
“Do you,” John began again, “still have, mmm… things?”
, John thought,
For the record, emoticons or whatever you called them aren’t inherently flirty.
, he thinks.
Sherlock made a soft noise of agreement, and—oh good,
“John,” Sherlock said, more a gasp than a word. “Stop, s—turn over.”
He spat the last two words as though they were an especially nasty disease. Then, while John was still attempting to process what he had been given and why, Sherlock started walking again, albeit slightly less briskly than before, leaving John to hurry to catch up.
6:40 p.m.
JohnHWatson: Do you want to play now or.......?
So I’d go over to yours to play?
Of course. You’ll be uncomfortable for days by the time I’m through with you.
Sherlock read between the lines.
John barely even had to consider it. Sherlock being held down by a bunch of tentacles, stuffed full from both ends, moaning happily around the tentacle in his throat while John swept the fringe from his sweaty forehead and told him to stay still and let himself be used like a good boy, that it was okay, that John would look after him—
When Sherlock finally blinked the fantasy away, John was gone and the flat was silent aside from the faint echo of Mrs Hudson’s wireless. Sherlock sighed and swung his legs around, curling up on his side with his face to the chair back.
“Will you? I mean—” She licked her lips, feeling suddenly flustered. “I wasn’t—I didn’t want to assume, but… no interest at all in trying it out the other way?”
I’ve been more honest with you than I was with my therapist. We’re absolutely friends even if we’ve only met the once.
John let Sherlock lick him clean, at least: cupped the side of Sherlock’s head sweetly and encouragingly while Sherlock milked the last little bit from the tip and then dragged his tongue slowly along the shaft, lapping up anything he might’ve missed.
John couldn’t deny that it was flattering, Sherlock’s blatant interest in him. Flattering and baffling. There was no reason Sherlock should’ve been interested in him. Even considering Sherlock’s personality—the creepiness, the eccentricity, the social ineptness—he was attractive enough, rich enough, that he could’ve pulled almost anyone, and certainly someone who was better suited for him than John.
John thought that ‘love’ was a stronger word than the situation warranted, but said nothing about it. “Okay. So… there was a corpse back there?”
He dove into his coat pocket for it, eager for the distraction, for whatever brand of unpredictability Sherlock could bring to his life today.
Okay.
Then he rewound the last several seconds in his mind, replayed Mrs Hudson’s comment, and immediately wanted to drop his head into his hands.
to make me happy, you know. You definitely don’t have to try to ‘maintain physical arousal’ or worry about either of us getting off or—”
Too late. His mind was too powerful, his imagination too eager. The deductions came like subtitles for a film he couldn’t turn off.
Sherlock thinks.
“Oh, please. You’re a shameless creature of habit. You don’t suggest new restaurants without a reason. Not to mention you were raised to think of dinners out as special occasions. Therefore, you brought us here for a reason, to say or… or ask something.” The words stuck inexplicably in his throat, although he tried to pretend they hadn’t. “So: say, or ask.”
“I think,” John answers, “that this is new to you. And you’re about to toss yourself headfirst into it, like you always do when you discover something interesting. And that’s… that’s not good, Sherlock. One of us could get overwhelmed, you could find yourself in the middle of something you don’t like with no idea how to ask for it to stop—”
“Indeed,” Sherlock said, looking down at his violin strings with a little smirk. “Piss off, Mycroft.”
With a flourish, Sherlock was up and striding across the room to fetch his coat.
John offered Sherlock the glass, which Sherlock accepted and nearly sipped from. But then his bladder gave a sudden, pointed cramp and he quickly set the glass down on the desk, which he realised he was still standing beside.
“Look.” John licks his lips; Sherlock can hear the wet glide of his tongue. “This is good for you, isn’t it? I mean… you enjoyed the spanking?”
John hummed in approval as Sherlock nuzzled his nape, and began to drift off seconds later.
John laughed, so giddy it felt like he was floating. “That wasn’t just m—”
“Simply returning lost items, Sherlock,” the man said. “No need to be hostile. What would Mummy say?”
Then John lets go and steps back, his eyes still narrowed in suspicion—he’s clearly intent on making Sherlock pee in a jar no matter what his own senses tell him—and Sherlock is so disappointed he nearly gives in to the urge to whine in protest and try to follow.
“Just—” John says, and his muffled voice reveals nothing. “I’d like to be alone now.”
“Of course, yes. Mm, here. Use Daddy’s mouth.”
John promptly scooted closer and curled his arm around Sherlock’s waist. He was wearing a T-shirt and flannel pyjama bottoms. John could feel his hip bone, the muscles of his stomach as they tensed at the touch.
He’d no sooner begun to wonder when the groans cut off, replaced by a shouted “For god’s sake, John, don’t just stand there.
John felt ridiculous. On the second floor of the National Portrait Gallery, in the Charles II room.
“Perfect,” John said warmly. Sherlock swelled with pleasure. “Not as naughty as I thought, are you? You brought it right to me. Good,
There was the approach of footsteps behind him, and the same scent that clung to the scarf around his neck grew stronger.
So it wasn’t until John was back at his flat, sitting on the bed, that he finally replied.
He examined the packaging, turning it over and over in his hands and trying to decide if he really wanted to open it, until Sherlock finally replied.
he typed.
“You’re very... intense,” John said, around a bite of pasta. “Has anyone ever told you that?”
John moaned at the touch, purposely lifted his shoulder into it. There was a flash of memory in Sherlock’s mind. Their third sexual encounter, when John had ducked his head, giggling into Sherlock’s right pectoral, and said,
JohnHWatson: It’s fine. You can say whatever you want.
His pubic hair was filthy and matted, and dried come flaked off his abdomen. Looking in the mirror, he saw pinkish smears all over his face and shoulders: the remnants of blood, both Sherlock’s and his own. His fangs were exposed, glinting ominously in the fluorescent light when he peeled back his lips. He leaned forwards, cocked his head from one side to the other, and spied a few spots of gore in his hair.
“Sergeant Donovan. What about her?”
John’s hands frame Sherlock’s face, thumbs stroking just beneath Sherlock’s eyes, which he opens obligingly. The first thing he sees is John’s thumbs, both still vinyl-covered. The right is smeared with red. Sherlock’s blood.
“If you must,” Sherlock told John. “From the tap. Room temperature. No ice.”
“I’m not having this conversation while you’re lying there being fucked by a sodding machine,” John snapped, returning to Sherlock’s side to study the rope binding his limbs.
“Your mouth.” He rocked into Sherlock’s hand. “Please, Daddy, can I have your mouth?”
, she begged silently.
He wondered, not for the first time, what Sherlock was seeing.
My username on Steam is the same as my handle on GameFAQs: ScienceOfDeduction.
“I could try biting you,” John murmurs. His thumbs sweep up and down Sherlock’s cheekbones, and then one falls to the junction between Sherlock’s neck and shoulder, shoving the shirt collar easily aside. “Around here, maybe. How does that sound?”
11:26 p.m.
Time for slightly more drastic measures, then.
“Oh!” Mrs Hudson said. “John!”
<JohnHWatson> Deleted it? The brain isn’t like a computer, you can’t just press a button and delete things.
“We can get it resized,” John said.
Of course it does. Because John is not a complete idiot, something for which Sherlock is usually grateful but now finds horribly inconvenient.
Probably. John certainly felt open, and wet, and ready. He wanted it. John accepted the massager, which was heavy and cool to the touch.
As the mattress sinks beneath Sherlock’s weight, however, John jolts violently and raises his arms as though he means to shield himself. Or possibly to pre-emptively attack, although if that’s the case he stops himself in time. “What—Sherlock, what are you doing?”
John laughed softly. Sherlock knew very well how impressive he was. If he didn’t, he wouldn’t have offered to show off.
If Sherlock could have purred—or trilled, or crooned, or whatever else animals did to show contentment—he would have done. As it was, he nuzzled John’s thigh again and hoped that John understood.
John could relate. He was beginning to do a bit of that right now, it seemed, since he felt conspicuously
“Don’t forget the condom,” John said.
“Yeah, but that game was trying to be realistic, wasn’t it? Pretty sure this one isn’t. I mean, it takes place on a different planet for one, and you can buy guns in vending machines.”
“Of a sort,” said Sherlock. “Behavioural study. I need my phone.”
“Get this off,” he said, tugging on Sherlock’s shirt. “And these.”
Sherlock’s eyes became even more squinty. The crinkles at the corners weren’t as attractive when he wasn’t smiling, John decided. Not that they were
“Oh yes. He’s been playing that violin all afternoon. He’s in a sulk, although I can’t imagine why. Maybe you can bring him out of it.”
Sherlock
sitting on Sherlock’s face just like Sherlock wanted. It was only the strength of her thighs that kept her from putting all her weight on Sherlock’s chin.
Sherlock
“Er,” said John. He hadn’t even known there was a doorbell. He must’ve been too fixated on the doorknocker to notice. “Sorry. I thought this
This one's a little shorter than usual, so I'll post the next chapter in a couple of days to make up for it. :)
“I’ll warn you,” she says over her shoulder, “this one’s a bit of a shocker. It’s hard to turn my stomach anymore, but… well.”
You are.
When John’s trousers were open, Sherlock eased them down his legs, followed by his pants, and settled back on his haunches while John kicked them off. Once that was out of the way, Sherlock crawled forwards and nuzzled tenderly at John’s pubic hair.
, Sherlock thought,
is still a bit creepy and presumptuous.”
,” Sherlock answered, in a tone like he thought John’s comment was completely inane. “Nevertheless. Because your… assistance has been valuable to my work, I wanted to reward you.”
He fucked John slowly, almost torturously so. John felt every centimetre of the toy, opening him wide and leaving him gaping, and every time the heavy tip brushed across his prostate, Sherlock lingered there for a moment, grinding against the gland until John’s cock, fully hard and aching, began to throb and dribble onto his belly.
“Then tell me.”
“Please,” he said, sounding needful. “Please.” Begging for something meant he was unsatisfied, wanting; it meant that Sherlock was disappointing him.
By your own admission, you were drugged out of your fucking mind during your early sexual encounters, Sherlock.
being asked to envision an imaginative end for some hypothetical man seemingly only for Sherlock’s amusement. “He’s congested and miserable and desperate for something more than what an antihistamine can do. So he pops by a chemist’s and buys a neti pot.”
“Date went poorly, then?”
