Sherlock is nearly to tears, recalling the look on John's face when he'd walked into the room to find Moriarty and Sherlock across from one another. He'd wanted to explain; John was his heart, and once he'd deduced from his letters where he was going, he couldn't be sure Moriarty wouldn't take the chance to break it.
are in love. And not just infatuation. You've made a long term commitment and you are involved in each other's work," John felt Sherlock sit up at his statement. John took a moment to adjust himself, "And you've rearranged your lives to fit better into one another's. I can see you love each other. Which is different than being in love."
"He's your protection. He needs to know. Billy, you see, my sons love each other. Roderick killed one of Magnussen's editors, had to be sent away. Sherlock blamed himself for deducing the affair and setting everything in motion. It wasn't Sherlock's fault at all. It was mine-"
"You." John breathed, kissing Sherlock's bicep, rubbing his arms. They are both warm, Sherlock still clad in his dress pants. John tugs at Sherlock's belt, "Please, stay, we need to talk. There is a lot to say." Sherlock's eyes widen, John feels his fingers dig in slightly to his bicep. "No, no. Just talk. I just want to feel you. Close."
The next few weeks pass without much incident. 221B is being slowly repaired, John and Mary text or call occasionally under the rouge of working on their relationship. John has become used to Sherlock being near him morning, day, and night; he knows his detective, without cases, is becoming bored and restless. John does his best to keep his mind from being bored by discussing the case. Sometimes it works, to John's amazement, Sherlock would rather kiss, make love, or cuddle with him. They both feel the countdown of the clock; eventually, near Christmas, John will have to return to Mary. He wants to enjoy every bit with his detective.
"I'll tell you my story, Dr. Watson, if you tell me why you didn't attend the wedding of your best friend. You've been best friends for twenty years. He was heartbroken. He was willing to wait for you to get out of surgery to start the ceremony. And yet, roughly two weeks after the wedding, you
"Sherlock?" John tilts his head slightly to the right. He smiles to himself, imagining that he must look ridiculous, rubbing Sherlock like this, tilting his head like a dog tuned to its owners voice, "I'm here."
"No, I'm fine. I just. You are making me dizzy. Still not used to being able to touch you as much as I want."
"Yea, he does that a lot when I'm talking."
Sherlock kept everything close to the truth, "Yes. I embellish it a bit, but it's close to their traditional dance."
"Hello to you, too-" Sherlock begins to say, but John cuts him off with teeth nipping at his lips. John grinds his erection and hips against Sherlock's; stopping only long enough to pull Sherlock's sweatshirt and T-shirt off.
John and Sherlock dissolved into a fit of giggles. They laid in the bed a few more minutes as they listened to Hamish in his bedroom working with his equipment.
"I'm here, rùnach."
Sherlock declined John's offer to attend a midnight church service. John however wouldn't be surprised if Sherlock had followed him and was waiting outside the entrance, or had driven his parent's spare car to keep an eye on him. Sherlock had been cuddly, possessive, quiet. He was beginning to apply makeup and circle into his "dying detective" routine for Mary.
Hamish yelled back, "He was going to sulk, daddy, but he'd get over it. Is he sulking?"
John sat up a moment, then asked, "Does he dance like you? Was the dance you were doing when I rode up a traditional family dance?"
John is surprised to notice that none of them look very shocked at their display of affection.
John left the room, grabbing his speech and room card, glaring at Greg and giving him the universal sign for
He watches Mummy Holmes (can he call her Mummy?) puttering in the kitchen, getting food ready for the evening meal. A shiver runs down his spine. Will they make it to evening?
Without warning, John rolled off Sherlock and laid to the side. He spread Sherlock's plaids to reveal his cock and upper thighs completely. Sherlock's cock was long and pale, precome dripping onto his lower belly. John dipped a finger tip into the liquid and brought it to his mouth. John turned in so he was half laying on Sherlock.
Sherlock looked at John, "Why are you moving stuff around in
"Sherlock, wake up. Your phone has been beeping so much it's driving me crazy," Mrs. Hudson stood at the side of his bed, dressed and ready to go out, makeup applied and purse in hand. He poked his head out from under the covers, just his bloodshot eyes and his greasy curls visible above the duvet.
That way Sherlock said his name. Was most definitely his favorite. Breathy and passionate and in wonder. That was his favorite.
John knows what he wants Sherlock to hear, what he wants Sherlock to understand. He considers how and what he can say to get through to Sherlock to make an impact.
Sherlock replies for them, "Because of the danger involved with Mary?"
Greg looked at John, "Yes. She's extremely cool. There are a couple seats closer to the front. Let's move up there."
Sherlock leaned down and whispered in John's ear, "Tech weeks used to be so boring. I would sit around, waiting, so bored I would smoke cigarettes and contemplate finding heavier drugs. Now, I think we can do something else to pass the time."
Hamish was still looking into the microscope, completely laser focused and unfazed. Sherlock spoke up, nearly timid, "He's with me, he's my-"
"Then answer my goddamn question. Whose mission?"
"No, no, no," Sherlock shook his head back and forth, his curls tumbling over his head and the fabric beneath, his hands running up and down John's legs in an attempt to sooth him, "You're my first kiss. Just earlier. You're always my first in everything. When
"John…"
Tavis had to hold Sherlock's arm and guide him to his brother's side of the aisle. Sherlock stumbled, and Tavis reminded him to breathe. Sitting down beside his cousin, Sherlock whispered into his ear, "What do you know about what I'm wearing? What is my mother trying to accomplish?"
John sat up and gave Sherlock space. He spoke lowly, but with sharp diction.
Hamish nodded. As he walked through the doorway, he shouted towards the kitchen, "Daddy, Mr. Detective needs you! He's crying!"
Mycroft pulls down his camouflage front, "Sherlock followed us, really, beat us here. He threatened everyone because he loves you. And he's next door working on experiments. We need to go talk to him."
They walked another block in silence. John continued to walk in front, his head still down, his pace fast. The sun was nearly up, the light casting large shadows on the street. They were nearly to John's apartment.
"Oh, shit, Sherlock stop. I'll come too soon. Show me. Show me how you'd think of me."
-----
"I mean it. Every word. I can't wait," Sherlock mouthed into John's neck, pulling him closer for body heat, "I will be honored to be your husband. Tha gaol agam ort."
John crossed his arms. Rubbing his mustache thoughtfully, "Who else is at home?"
"Who are you? Why are you here?"
As John helped Sherlock up with his arms linked around his waist, Hamish went on about the decomposing body, "The fingernails and hair and eyes and skin were sloughing off, which I think in our temperature indicates about a week of being dumped in the countryside. I just am not sure based on the photos that the police have the time of death right on this one-"
An image came to mind of John, spread out before him, naked with his cock naked and dripping with clear liquid. He hadn't been so affected when he'd seen it, but with John's lips on his, and his hands on his body, and that in his mind, he felt dizzy as if he'd run across the large pasture. He wanted to rock, and rub, and grab, and he was unsure how to move to satisfy the burning ache that was traveling into his lower belly and thighs.
John moves his hand to look up at Sherlock so he doesn't frighten him. His left leg is dangling off the bed and he's twisted at a strange angle. Sherlock is kneeling over him, his beautiful eyes are gray this morning.
"Sit with me, luaidh?"
Sherlock takes his hand and pats John's hip, "How are you feeling,?"
William pulled back, admiring his work. Sherlock's inky curls fell to his shoulders in nearly perfect ringlets.  The dark pattern of the tartan contrasted beautifully with his pale skin. It was chilly, and he shivered as a breeze ran under his kilt onto his thighs. William bade him turn around, admiring the placement of the broach and sporran, checking that everything laid out on Sherlock was at just the perfect angle.
He marks "22 days until SH & JW can marry."
As the date neared, Hamish was a firecracker. He bounced around the flat from place to place, labeling the boxes according to what items would be placed in what room. John would catch Hamish and Sherlock talking in a corner about where they would place items in their lab and how they would arrange spaces so they each could work.
Sherlock spoke at a breakneck pace, "You're warm. You make me feel warm. Why don't you want to take care of me? They want to take me away from you. I don't want to be away from you-"
this morning. Your poor fiancé is running himself sick caring for you and gathering his family and their clan healers in case you fell more ill. This is all while building your blackhouse. You will honor him by sitting still and
John hears the door downstairs creak open and Sherlock's feet on the steps. The moment Sherlock steps through the door, John grabs his sweatshirt, his hips, pulling them together.
"I need to help you shower again, John," Sherlock grinned, "We're filthy!"
Billy lets Mummy and Daddy fuss over him for the evening. He knows it's because they're missing their children, but it still feels nice to be made to eat and find some nice hand me downs from the Holmes boys.
Mrs. Hudson, tired and battle warn, wearing one of Sherlock's old, terrycloth robes, had said what he needed to get out of his own mind. Sherlock and Mrs. Hudson had only explained pleasantries and short sentences, but she understood him. She knew why he would assume the worst case scenario first.
Sherlock nodded, "Because his great uncle saw me wearing his tartan."
was it to the Czech Republic?" John used the same tone Major Sholto had used with him, the same inflection Captain John Watson used with impertinent green recruits.
"I don't either," Sherlock said. He stared at Sherlock for a long time, looking for any sign of what he was thinking or feeling. John couldn't determine anything. Eventually, Sherlock broke the silence, "Let me work on the details of the case, and organize some things."
John smiled, "It's perfectly all right."
"Do you mind if I take these, Mr. Holmes? I'm not sure what you've uncovered but I think these playbills might help."
Sherlock pushed Mycroft and Tavis away, putting the heels of his hands in his eyes, "Does John not love me?"
Sherlock spoke, "I was so scared for Hamish. That he would be abused. That he would've-"
John giggles, huffs out his breath. His eyes are still shut, but he turns towards Sherlock, "You called me, you called me 'love'."
"There has to be another pattern, or another reason" Sherlock growled, "I can't see it."
John didn't correct himself. Instead, he slowly relaxed, his breathing became deeper, and it was clear he was deeply asleep.
"Sherlock," John spoke softly but firmly, placing his hand over his, "You look like a spooked horse."
John grinned, bending down to place a kiss on Sherlock's forehead, "We'll do whatever we want. There aren't any rules. I'd like to keep seeing you. Keep working with you in the theatre, as long as they need me. But I know you're new to this. I don't want you to get involved if you don't want to. But I want you to know, I want to. I want you here."
"That's why there are people like me. To kill people like him."
Sherlock takes John into his mouth, continuing with the small, gentle touches. He swirls him gently in his mouth, letting the tip of his cock connect with his cheek. John gently pulls Sherlock's hair, rubbing his scalp. His breath becomes ragged, he feels himself near climax, when Sherlock lets go.
(Even some secrets the elder Holmes brother can keep from the younger.)
"Yes, Sherlock?" He turned slightly, scrambling the eggs and ham. He put two more pieces of toast in. He was bracing himself. Anything, anything at all could be coming out of Sherlock's mouth. John only regretted not drinking some coffee already.
was a nickname. It was poor timing for further questioning. John gingerly removed the blankets from his legs and sat at the other end of the bed. He demonstrated he had no hidden weaponry on his lower body.
Sherlock shook his head, "John, he needs to get used to us. He knows we're together." Sherlock turned, surprising him with his strength, putting John on his back on the bed. They scrambled at each other, pulling off their clothes. Sherlock leaned to the drawer and pulled out a bottle of lube, coating his fingers before stretching John.
William nodded, leaving crushed lavender, soap, drying and cleaning plaids, and a kettle of water by the fire. Both men had new clothing laid out for them on a chair.
They turned into the first hallway to an interview room. Sherlock signed to a detective who replied in slower renditions but it was evident he could understand the interpreter. They were led down to another hallway, and again, Sherlock signed to another clerk, leaving John out of the conversation. John realized that this must be how Sherlock went through his life, following and trying to extrapolate the conversation based on gestures and body language.
Sherlock turned pink, grinning, "I completely forgot about the case. I've been preoccuppied."
Mr. Watson stood up to gather the salt and pepper shakers to refill them. Mrs. Watson chastised him, "Daniel, sit down this instant. Those can wait."
"Why would anybody be upset if he's talking to me?" Greg finally asked. Mycroft and Sherlock gave each other a look, Sherlock going so far as to roll his eyes.
He wasn't dead.
who is even more annoying than usual. Sebastian's parents' flight is late and Sherlock mentioned his brother and parents had to leave the country suddenly.
Hamish looked at Sherlock, his voice wavering, "Yes. I wasn't sure if you'd object. If I call you my Papa, is that ok?"
-----
"I wish, I wish you'd come to one of those dates Greg was trying to set us up on years ago," John said into his chest.
"I thought of you, John, what you would feel like inside me. Nothing has ever been inside me but toys. No one has been inside me but my fingers."
Sherlock turned back so he faced John. Before he lost his nerve, Sherlock pressed his lips to John's. It wasn't unpleasant, but he didn't understand what the fuss was about. He heard John make a sound similar to a moan and a deep breath. Sherlock tried again, pecking at his lips, and John responded by opening his mouth, wetting both their lips. He was hoping with practice that he would discover why his cousins and brother would spend hours kissing people, because there had to be more to it than this.
"Roderick," Robert pulls him in for another close embrace, "There is no
When John called back, Sherlock let it go to voicemail.
John grins. He's looking forward to a night of war stories and discussions that do not revolve around a detective or a murdered body.
"Yes, Sherlock, the case. The case of the threatening notes? Or, the case of the captain lying about the threatening notes? However you want to phrase it."
in just one evening?"
Sherlock pulls on a pair of shorts, sits on the bed, and takes the phone back, sitting close enough for their knees to touch. John holds up a finger for Sherlock to wait, and he puts on his pants, unsure if Sherlock is going to begin to dress and start to hint that it's time for him to go home. Instead, Sherlock gives a bright smile and types another phrase.
Sherlock remembered how John said he'd wanted to be matched with him. John was fascinated by Sherlock and Mycroft working on experiments and then asked his clan matchmaker for help. John loved the very traits and habits that made him feel strange and off-putting to others.
"Daddy is making a round check on other patients. All the other patients on the step down unit have friends or family here. This unit is for serious, life threatening injuries but with a good chance of recovery. You're here alone, and you're my daddy's age according to your chart, and it says 'S' which means you're single. Based on your age, you might not have parents that are alive-"
Sherlock huffed, turning his back to John, wrapping the blanket around him so John couldn't see him.
They tangled together, rolling on the bed, kissing. Sherlock had to help John when his arm got caught under Sherlock's body, which threw John into a fit of giggles. John took a long look at his husband's body. He was lithe and gorgeous, beautiful hips and an amazing neck, and he wanted him but he was unsure how he could have him.
He ran to the theatre to search Anderson's dressing room space. He was unsure if it would be closed off, but the theatre and rooms were unlocked. The investigation had turned onto Magnussen or to a tragic accident. Sherlock went to Anderson's dressing room mirror, pulling open drawers, snapping photos on his phone. He saw the corner of one scrap of paper that appeared to be especially damning. Just from his viewpoint, he could see a list of items, partially hidden:
Every step was agony. After Sherlock put the suitcases in the livingroom, he came back down the stairs to help John and Mrs. Hudson back up. John drew in wheezing breaths every time he went up a stair. Sherlock concentrated on John, holding his hands while Mrs. Hudson balanced him from the side. His left arm hung in the sling, wincing every time it swung with the rhythm of making another stride up.
John laughed, putting his hand on Sherlock's face. His smile was dazzling.
As he side stepped into the door, he held his breath so he could hear more clearly. The home was asleep, except for Billy. He'd been keeping watch alternating with Sherlock, John, Mycroft.  Sherlock's parents had immediately given John and Sherlock rooms that connecting with an adjoining door.
Sherlock's six cousins stopped and gawked at him. Norris dropped his glass of mead and stumbled to catch it. Eric opened and closed his mouth, finally speaking, "Oh, Sherlock."
John turned around, nodding his head, shutting himself in his bedroom. Sherlock was sure he could still hear the two of them speaking.
When John had nightmares that woke him in a cold sweat, sending his blankets flying across the room, Sherlock would rub John's back and shoulders. He would simply say his name, over and over, "John," punching the 'J' sound to keep him from falling into the cavern of panic in between being asleep and being awake. John couldn't help his toes curling and flexing as he felt Sherlock's fingers upon his spine, his name said like a prayer on Sherlock's lips.
You're supposed to be here, right fucking here. Anderson got caught in the quick release. We couldn't undo it. Jesus, where the fuck were you."
The call between Mycroft and Sherlock. In case anyone is listening.
Just then, Daddy Holmes tottered in. His hands were dirty from gardening. Used to all types of shenanigans from years of Mycroft and Sherlock, he didn't take a second look at his wife nursing someone on the couch. Billy sat up and began a rapid fire discussion the moment he caught glimpse of Daddy Holmes.
Through wet eyelashes, when he's half a block from 221B, John texts Mycroft one word:
"Please, do you forgive me?"
Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek.
Mycroft had offered to marry a bachelor from the very wealthy and powerful Campbell clan if they made a move. He was even willing to do so after he'd fallen in love with Gregory Lestrade.
John felt the aches in his shoulder turn to searing pain. "Okay, getting a bit scary now. You're going to have to let me up now."
"Why?"
"Missed you," John said, in a questioning tone. He leaned forward a bit, "Are we ok? Did I do something? Or move too quickly?"
He could draw it out, in a petulant fashion, carrying behind it a request, the entire sentence on long string, without a breath or pause . The request attached was usually something the man could do himself. 'Jaaawwwnnnn will you bring me my laptop, my leg is asleep.' Or 'Jaaawwwnnnn I'm sick bring me a pillow.' Or 'Jaaawwwnnnn will you please rub my back.'
About two days after Sherlock first discussed the case, John awoke when Sherlock called John's name, in the barking bright tone, indicating it was time to leave. They got ready, fairly quickly, mostly from anticipation and anxiety. John grabbed his suitcase walked down the stairs. Sherlock took the flowers with him downstairs, handing them to Mrs. Hudson.  He explained that they would probably die while they were gone, and he didn't want to deal with the mess when he returned.
John pulls Sherlock down to the bed, "221B needs to hurry up and get repaired..." shoes, socks, everything is peeling off in a mad dash, "Even though you're taller than me, I'm going to carry you over the threshold and kiss you senseless..."
John's mouth was running in line with his heart, and not his brain. He blurted out the next sentence before he could edit it in his mind, "What if I don't want it annulled? How many times have we had to fight hospital staff to see one another? I don't want to be kept from you if something happens. And we're relatively famous. I am not dating anyone else, nor will I be."
Sherlock finds his heart beating nearly out of his chest. He opens his mouth, then closes it. John's face is expectant, open.
There is a light frost on the windowpanes, the trees, the small tufts of grass in the urban landscape. The hammering and drilling echoes crisply in the frozen air. Breath condenses into the atmosphere.
When Mycroft arrives he expects to sit down to a cup of tea and a serious, tear filled chat about John and Sherlock and Mary and John's marriage falling apart. (Mycroft conveniently leaves out the part that Mary was the one who shot Sherlock.) He doesn't know why he's rambling on about John and Sherlock.
Sherlock is angry.
Sherlock closed his eyes as another wave of nausea and dizziness hit him. He pushed his forehead up against John's, "I'm so sorry, John, I don't know where I went these past few days."
"I love you, my Sherlock. Let's get you clean and then we will review the farm. See what we want to take back to our home."
Sherlock felt himself begin to tear up, so Hamish crawled over his daddy, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's neck and kissing his cheek, "You're ok, Mr. Detective."
John stood close, asking for permission to put his hand on Sherlock's face, "I didn't say that. I would never say that. Your family needs income. And assistance. There are other ways we can do that besides marriage."
Sherlock was quiet, moaning under his breath, basking in John's kisses and praises. When John was done, he rolled off the bed, keeping Sherlock wrapped around him.
As the afternoon sun cooled, Sherlock heard a voice and someone walking through the soft grass. " 'Lock!" Tavis and Jaime took turns calling, coming up through the trees behind Sherlock. He didn't want to see them. He knew his face was red, blotchy and tear stained and his body was filthy from work and resting in the dirt. He imagined his cousins were looking for him so they could gently break his heart and explain his
. Let us continue from last night? If you are ready."
"Sherlock, Greg called me to tell me that I should get over here to help you. Nothing more. That's all. I think he likes you, likes it that we are together, could be together…." His words failed him as he gestured, squeezing Sherlock's knee.
John realizes he's shaking.
Sherlock sat up a bit, then pulled out a couple of items from the box. John commanded, "Tell me everything you do. Everything you think of when you're doing it."
"Sweetheart, where's your daddy? Why are you calling me to ask?"
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes. That's all of it, if you're looking for baby names."
"I've been better. I've been worse," John tries to turn to face Sherlock, but the room starts to spin again, "Oh, Jesus."
"I love you, and we're going to make love, properly," John said firmly, "I can't exert myself too much, but I want to be connected to you."
Sherlock took a deep breath, then began speaking at a thunderous pace, "John, I….I don't have an excuse. He was really curious. I covered up everything that I thought would cause a boy of his age nightmares. He's so smart, John. I want him to know his intelligence doesn't make him weird, that Dr. Molly Hooper is smart and she's different, but she's made a great career, and I'm smart and different, but I've built something for myself to help others. I don't want him to feel alone-"
John waited for Sherlock to continue. He observed his eyes flick back and forth, reading him as a stranger.
"Re-injured an old wound." John tried to wrestle himself out of his tartan. After a few false starts, Sherlock gingerly went up to John, allowing John's hands to guide him. Sherlock helped him, taking off his tartan wrap and shirt, stopping short of taking off his kilt. John swore, sitting down in a thump onto the grass.
"From the start..."
He turned and looked down at Sherlock, "Good morning, er, evening," he smiled, running his fingers through Sherlock's wild hair, "I made breakfast, and lunch, but you slept through both. There are leftovers in the fridge."
"You are my beloved," John breathed into Sherlock's mouth, "For all my days of my life I want you with me. My precious love."
When the bead was free, Sherlock used his oiled fingers to help John undo a leather thong on the sporran to thread it through the bead. His face turned red when he realized how close his hands were to John's intimate parts, but he was no longer shakingly afraid. He felt safe.
John cannot really form a sentence, but he wants to touch Sherlock. He reaches for him, but he can't quite make his fingers match where Sherlock is.
"I have to keep you safe," John pulls at Sherlock's clothes, desperate, his boxers pulled down and Sherlock's cock now released, "I have to keep you safe from her." John whispers in his ear, wrapping his fingers around Sherlock, grinding himself against him, as Sherlock pulls against John's clothes and strips him. They lay naked, grabbing and kissing, Sherlock's fingers wrapped around John, pulling and pushing him from tip to balls, moving rhythmically.
a child. Children aren't really his
John feels sad, but relieved. Easier, much easier. Just her life. He feels a twinge that he has no guilt, but he considers Sherlock. Who he almost lost.
He never imagined he'd get to see such a holiday event, especially attending as Sherlock's (secret?) boyfriend, conducting a double bluff against his assassin wife.
"Mr. Detective!" Hamish yelled. John heard a thump of someone in the living room fall out of their chair. "Mr. Detective, I missed you!" He ran up to Sherlock, his arms wrapping around his middle. As Hamish leaned in closer, John smelled a strange odor.
days. Now, all his (failed) focus was on his gorgeous flatmate and best friend.
Mycroft turns to Robert. "Please text the message to Mary from Sherlock."
John's reminded of Harry; when she, as a young child, would grow so tired she would collapse anywhere, in the oddest places and positions. One time, their parents found her with her head on her drawing pad, fingers still gripping a crayon; asleep mid stroke.
John turned Sherlock to a sitting position by hugging him, using Sherlock's legs as leverage. He felt a slight discomfort, but not the way John described. John sat on the edge of the bed, beside Sherlock, rubbing his back in gentler circles. Their sides and thighs were touching.
She's pale as the pearl milk
Sherlock was lost in his blue eyes. He stared, letting his head fall back into John's hand, "I've never even had friends," he replied, moving closer to John, "I've got family. I've got you, but you're bound to me. No one has ever chosen to be with me. Or chosen to be my friend. I don't think you understand how difficult I am." Sherlock moved to turn away from John, but he stopped him.
They shudder, shake, holding each other. John has never, ever, felt anything so wild and gorgeous as Sherlock slack in his arms. A few tears trickle from his eyes and Sherlock kisses them away.
Instead, John held out his scrap of wedding vows and gave it to Sherlock. He was shaking so badly he just held out his hand and threw the sweaty piece of paper in his direction. Sherlock was crying now, sobbing, but John still couldn't hear a word he was saying. His eyesight started to go, in black waves and red fuzzy rings. He was on a  ship, in the ocean. They may call a helicopter, but it would be too late.
"Please," Sherlock whimpers, "Let me hold you, tighter." They pull into one another's arms. John puts his head on Sherlock's chest, and they sleep until sunlight streams in the window.
John smiled, "And I, you, Sherlock."
"Oh, sweetheart," John kissed him sweetly on the lips, "A few months ago. Probably six months ago?"
"Sherlock," John removes his hand from his to ruffle his hair, "Mycroft and I can have one secret, can't we?"
John's lovely parents were treating Sherlock as John's very first date, smiling and hugging them both and advising them continuously to have a very good weekend. Hamish had hugged Sherlock tightly around the neck and gave him a kiss on the cheek, whispering in his ear, "Daddy really likes you." That tender and honest reassurance did wonders to dispel Sherlock's nerves.
Mycroft, the man who hated to wade in, kneels at the edge of the tub, wetting his trousers from ankle to knee, soaking his coat from wrist to elbow. He pulls his shaking, little brother to him, pets his head, wipes away his tears. He looks over his small cuts and bruises, making sure they are only superficial.
Sherlock didn't realize he had wrapped his arms all the way around him, nearly hitching his leg up all the way around John's calf, until he heard his father cough uncomfortably.
"John, stay, as long as you want. I can get Hamish a bed for the other spare room."
your daddy what you were going to do? So he understood?"
Greg told John to calm down, which only caused John to rush his child and leave even faster. When they were gone, Mycroft came out of the kitchen. Emilie and Clara looked at each other and shrugged their shoulders.
John asks for clarification in small bites, concerned his thundering heart and flushed neck has finally betrayed him, "So, we need to get married, for a case, but what is the case?"
"John, please," Sherlock was balanced above John's cock, his body wrapped around his torso, "Please, I promise, no one else. No one else."
"Daddy," Hamish giggled, "I'm an abominable type! In pajamas!"
Robert and Mycroft sit in the back seat of the black car. They are holding hands, sitting close, thighs warmly pressed close.
John and Sherlock sit close in the helicopter, in comfortable silence. John's eyes are beginning to close, so Sherlock wraps his arm around him. John grasps the lapels of Sherlock's coat to keep from slipping from his seat when the helicopter pitches. John begins to fall asleep on his shoulder as the helicopter flies a more even path towards London.
John keeps his eyes scrunched shut; he grabs onto someone's (shirt? Pant leg?) as he tries to stop the spinning. He remembers days riding in Humvees, rolling over sand and through towns like waves, moving against and with the heated metal and the arid, dry heat. If he couldn't see outside the Humvee window he would get dizzy and his eyesight would narrow to a small pinprick. John wills himself to open his eyes, to see where he is, but he can't. He continues to hold onto the fabric (God, he hopes it's Sherlock....)
"Sherlock, really, when we get home can we talk?"
Before anyone can move or speak, the woman in black puts her gun to Samantha's head, blowing her brains out the back.
that was joining the Watson clan by marriage.
He rolled over onto John, covering John's back and ass with his entire body. They were both still naked. Sherlock bestowed kisses along John's neck and shoulders. Instinctively, he ground his pelvis, and his cock, down into John's pelvis. His penis, which was becoming hard, slipped just a bit in between John's cheeks. At this, John began to wake and turn his head over. He whispered in a gravely tone, "Sherlock?"
Sherlock, who has only had one friend, only one love, is holding on to everything by the scrape of his nails. He can grab bits of sleep if he spoons three pillows. After the first miserable week, Mycroft picks up John's spare pillow and a couple of his threadbare jumpers. Sherlock builds a nest (Mycroft is honestly surprised that his brother doesn't dress up a couple of pillows like John) and he's finally able to sleep for four hours straight.
"Maybe it was the people, then? The company I'm with can make a big difference." Mycroft smiles back. (Ohmygod. What
It hurts. He'd rather be shot. Again.
Sherlock bit his lip, applying more lubricant to his hole. John saw that he was shaved completely clean. Sherlock moaned, the tip of the dildo rubbing up and down his entrance. He thrashed his head back and forth, putting the tip in and pulling it out slightly, pushing it in again, "I would imagine you, John, rubbing yourself against me, pushing into me, just in little bits the first time. I imagined you were so big I couldn't take you all at once. You had to slowly push into me."
Sherlock itched for another cigarette as he walked, but instead he wrung his hands.
John ran his fingers through Sherlock's curls. They caught on one of his braids. John rolled one of the beads in his fingers. It was a bluish green bead that changed color depending on the way it was held in the light.
Sherlock is asleep.
"Sherlock, my
"Where the fuck have you
Hamish turned to Greg Lestrade, "Daddy talks to you all the time, even when you're not there," Hamish turned back to Sherlock and John, "Did you keep talking to Uncle Greg instead of Mr. Detective? It makes
"Oh, stop, don't rehash all that-" Mummy cries, her eyes still on the television.
"Ssshh, my dear, let me clean you off." John wipes Sherlock's stomach as he moans slightly, his body shivering at John's touch as he cleans him. John grows hard as he watches Sherlock's entire body curl towards John's touches, as he imagines cleaning Sherlock in a bath or a shower.
John watched the tip of the dildo disappear into Sherlock's body, and pull out. He watched Sherlock's hips thrust up, his cock bobbing freely. John moved closer to Sherlock, watching the younger man moan as he slowly pushed the dildo into himself, his other hand wrapped around his cock.
John feels fingers at the back of his neck, and his gorgeous detective sinking on to his lap. Sherlock begins whispering in his ear; he hears Mycroft in the kitchen making tea.
He went into the water, "John? John?!" His cries became more panicked. When he reached him, John surfaced, laughing and sputtering, "You're worse than Gilfaethwy, dear one." John allowed Sherlock to guide him to the bank. Before he sat down beside Sherlock, John, dripping water, shook himself like a dog and covered Sherlock in a spray of droplets.
God. Mycroft smiles. A real, honest to god smile. He can't help it, "I thought we could talk some on the way to the house-"
Without warning, Mycroft takes out his phone and calls someone. He puts it on speaker for all to hear. It's the unmistakable voice of Jim Moriarty who answers.
"Careful," John laughed, wrapping the extra plaid around Sherlock's back, "What's all this, now?"
He screams as he feels a poke in his arm (am I being shot at?) and suddenly he feels arms and legs and kisses on his cheeks and God he hopes it's Sherlock and not Mycroft.
Sherlock sat up, stared at John for a moment, and didn't answer the question, but stated firmly, "This isn't going to work, John."
John was confused. He saw blood on the floor, but he wasn't hurt. Sherlock wasn't shot. However, Sherlock had a wild look on his face, and he was pulling off his jacket and laying John back on his legs. He saw another doctor - a passenger - maybe a nurse? Run up to him, pressing on his shoulder. Why was everyone pushing on his shoulder? He'd been shot a long time ago there -
John remembered what Sherlock had been working on the night before, "But, the case, you were working on with Lestrade over the phone. Don't you need to go see some things in person?"
He's sitting, the headset in his lap, staring at his baby brother. Staring  the love of his brother's life.  They've got their hands in the air, Sherlock looking down, John looking at Sherlock. A major cock up.
Sherlock opened his eyes, nodding, "I didn't know how to tell you. I didn't know..." John cut off his train of thought by kissing down his jaw, his neck, the shoulder that was not covered by the plaid. Sherlock shuffled back on the bed, his legs opening. John saw, like himself, Sherlock was not wearing pants. There was only an expanse of white skin and wool fabric.
Mycroft skids through the spilled coffee, but makes it to Robert's bedroom, relatively unharmed, with only some light pink burns on his foot.
John was surprised, "Let me go back to my room and I'll get dressed. Then you can show me."
-----
"Figure out the link between Mercrium, Moran and Moriarty."
John smiled, "Hamish got rid of that kidnapper with a chair. I wouldn't discount his ability to defend himself completely. And, frankly, I'd be more afraid if we didn't move in together. He was extremely vicious when he thought we'd broken up."
John rolled over and pulled the bag up onto the bed. He sat up, the covers slipping down, revealing his muscled shoulders, freckled skin, peaked nipples. He pulled out from the bag a variety of oils.
John held onto him, easing him gently to the edge of the bed. Already bare, he kept him covered with the quilt as long as possible.
May you grow old with goodness, and with riches.
This fanfiction has been a reimagining of the case of the Aluminium Crutch, which can be
"Well," She licks her lips, "Then there would be a Sherlock Watson in the world."
"You're finally no longer a virgin." Moriarty drawled, drawing circles on the table with his fingers. He leaned in towards Sherlock suggestively, licking his lips.
"I'm sorry, John, I'm sorry," He slurred. John shook his head, and continued rubbing Sherlock's back. The nurse explained to John, "He's been here for two weeks. It's been hard to get him to eat. We could tell that you're the husband that takes care of him."
John looked at Sherlock, his eyes bright, face smiling. Sherlock hadn't let on at all that he'd been able to understand what Dimmock was saying, but the brilliant man he was, he'd understood everything. John was especially thrilled he stood up for Sherlock as the thank you meant so much. He only wished that Sherlock had typed it into his phone so he could save and re-read later.
John grabs Sherlock by the shoulder that is tucked into the mattress and grabs him round. In the dim light they are facing each other. Sherlock's eyes are still shut, John kisses him, running his tongue against his lips. Sherlock giggles (honest to God giggles), while John kisses him awake. They shift so they are in the middle of Sherlock's bed (their bed.)
He ran into the police station lobby, sliding on the linoleum. Daemon looked at him and began to talk, but Sherlock shushed him harshly, demanding to speak to Greg Lestrade.
John blanched, opening his eyes wide in panic.
The door creeps open, and the bit of light illuminates the figure. John exhales.
"Do they know how to stitch? My daddy stitched you up. Look, here's my knee. I bashed it on the playground swing and daddy came to school with his kit and cleaned up my wounds and stitched it in front of all my friends. They thought he was so cool."
Sherlock thought. He recalled being very tired the night before, but he did remember tucking a note under his pillow. It was a plain note, written in what he assumed was John's quick scrawl. He read it out loud, "Sherlock, look for the rocks tied with flowers. With the rocks are my notes with the clues for the next note. These notes will remind you why I've fallen in love with you and why I want you with me for all of my days. The notes will also have clues that will lead you from place to place, and at the last clue we will be waiting for you for the handfasting."
Sherlock woke next to John. He was amazed at the beautiful, muscular shoulders and his back that rose and fell with each breath. This was his first - boyfriend? Sexual partner?
-----
They rounded the north side and saw more than a dozen men in old kilts, shirtless, gleaming with sweat. They pulled stones, piling them and placing them to minimize gaps in the walls. Cemented mud filled in any cracks. Sherlock caught John's eye. He was measuring out a room wall standing in the middle of the partially built foundation. He walked up to Sherlock, grinning brightly. He turned and gestured in the direction of the buildings, "What do you think?"
Sherlock rubbed his eyes, "We have to get in there, we can't wait for the team to get here. I know the layout, I can climb up the back and get in there, see what is going on."
"Sherlock, can we talk? I feel as if we're so busy we haven't just been alone together, to talk."
Mrs. Watson laughed, patting Sherlock's arm, "Yes, it is a great name." She turned to John's father, "I like him."
"Yes, Robert here," Mycroft gestures to a plains clothes officer across the aisle, "Can send messages if you'd like. He's already had to respond to Sherlock and pass a message from Lestrade."
John tried to reach Sherlock's hair to pet him, to hold him, but he was tired, and his eyes drooped. Sherlock moved the chair as close as the could to the bed, and lowered the side rail. He laid his head on the bed, using John's arm as a pillow. John drifted to sleep with Sherlock's hair tickling his chest.
Sherlock grabbed John's arse and forced him to push into him with a snap. Sherlock felt a pull in his belly and his mouth went dry. He shook, his orgasm overwhelming him to tears. John held him, stroking him gently, bringing himself to release moments later. Sherlock continued to buck himself into John's fist, even when he was over sensitive, not wanting the feeling to ever end.
Sherlock shook his head, "No, I want you two there with me, but I don't want to endanger you. I don't want to make you a target."
Sherlock nodded, "The captain can marry us on the ship and provide witnesses, and Mycroft can expedite the paperwork electronically. So, we have to keep his arse in our business at least for a little while."
John reached up and gave Sherlock a quick kiss on the mouth, "Anything. Everything. But let's take inventory first."
"Please take me home, John," Sherlock was doing his best to keep his breathing steady, his tears from forming. His hands shook as he did his best to keep his tone even, but not a completely flat affect, "I just need to go home."
"Master Sherlock," he collapsed beside where Sherlock and his mummy sat on the bed, "I'm so sorry. I didn't know the tartan was for later. Now you have to…I'll pack my things."
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's neck, pulling him closer into his arms. He continued to kiss the smooth surface of John's lip, his cheeks, "I know. But we'll move far too quickly if I stay here. If we stay here.
"Ssshhh, baby, slow down, breathe," John pushed his dark ringlets out of his eyes, kissing his jaw, his chin, his neck. As Sherlock moaned, John sucked a love bite into the side of his neck, right where anyone would see, "Are you ok, if Irene can see this?" As Sherlock nodded, John sucked harder, nipping as he created his mark. Sherlock moaned, grabbing at the cotton bedding, running his fingers through John's hair, anything. He pushed his pelvis down, feeling himself rub against John's hips, his erection, his balls.
"Sherlock, stop!" Sherlock blinked at John, finally quiet so he could speak, "Sherlock, I honestly wasn't sure where I was going, and I lost track of time. I knew I wanted to get you something, to buy you something, to apologize for whatever it is I did but you won't tell me. It took me a while to decide on what. I got you these flowers."
Hamish looked up at Sherlock, "Mr. Detective, daddy kept talking to you even though you weren't there. And he's been sad. And worried. But you're here taking care of…"
John realizes the couple had been holding hands, and he wipes his eyes before they notice. As they pull up to a quaint, little farm house, John nearly trips getting out of the jeep. He's exhausted, shaking, and can't remember when he'd last eaten.
"Husband," John grinned, lightly tracing his fingers over the dip in Sherlock's spine, "I love how that sounds."
Neither brother slept much.
"Nurse, you can probably remove the IV as based on his activities it seems he's quite recovered," Mycroft huffs as he goes to the kitchenette to put away the food and supplies. The nurse, male, burly, no resemblance to Mary at all, takes out his IV quickly and leaves. John flexes his arm, now free of the bandages, and has a clear line of sight to what Mycroft is doing. John is delighted to see Mycroft has bought his favorite beer.
In the cab on the way to the wife's home, John realized how ridiculous it was that he was traveling to the crime scene. He was the Forensic Pathologist and his job was to determine the cause of death and to work with the Medical Examiner. His job was not to run to interrogate a suspect. Or watch Sherlock H.  interpret while DI Dimmock questioned the next of kin of the murder victim.
John was shocked. He hadn't thought of Sherlock often, but he had crossed his mind every once in a while. He wondered what he was up to, if he was still around London. It turned out Sherlock was closer than he realized, apparently hanging out with his mate Greg. They'd probably almost met several times.
"Oh!" She beamed, oblivious to the look John was giving Sherlock, "You're
Sherlock upped the number on his morphine drip so he could fall asleep.
Sherlock could hear Mycroft speaking, Greg adding sentences. John only interrupted with a few spaced words: "But Hamish… only eight… guarantee… how could you…"
As he was standing there, he looked at John, "You're a doctor,"
Sherlock felt his brain short circuit when he looked into John's eyes, with the blonde over blue, he was awash with emotion and at a loss for words. Cocaine or six days with little sleep never did this. A feeling of this magnitude was reserved for this man alone.
"Sherlock," John began, "I know you didn't want to get married, least of all, matched. You agreed to the match to save your family, and I love you for that. I will care for you and your family all of my days. I do not want you to feel that I am erasing you, or taking you away from your family. I want us each to wear these bracelets, with the Holmes tartan facing out, and the Watson tartan against our skin, to remind you that I love
"Are you feeling ok enough for..." Sherlock looks into his eyes.
way Sherlock said his name. When his lips were pink, his hair ruffled in dark curls around his head and spilled on the pillow.
"Mary shot him," John says, no hello, no start. Mycroft and he always get right to the point when discussing Sherlock. As before, everything moves so fast, they've always gotten to the point: "he took drugs and I found him in a drug house. Please come to the flat."
Robert turns around, crosses his arms, cocks his head, "I never date anyone seriously before reading their file, sweetheart. Not in my line of work. Your pressure point is your brother. I want to help you."
"I'm not sure. When I was chatting up Molly last night he came up and talked to her. Well, by talking, they signed. I just figured it was the fastest way for them to communicate. That, or they wanted to talk about me."
A sharp knock at the door stops Sherlock from pulling John on top of him. "Mycroft." He huffed, pulling the covers over his head. John turns the covers back down to reach Sherlock's collarbone and neck, to leave some tickling, light kisses. "You still have to be nice. He's done a lot for us. Even though his timing seems to
"And this," John plunges into him, deeply, Sherlock instinctively wrapping his legs and arms around him, pulling his hips in closer, "is because I love you. I love you, Sherlock Holmes." They kiss, teeth and tongue and push and pull into one another. They are so wound up it doesn't last as long as either would like. Sherlock arches, screams out so loudly John has to silence him with a bruising kiss. John feels Sherlock's heartbeat and his body pulsing around him. He's fighting off another wave of dizziness as he comes, crying into Sherlock's shoulder, biting and kissing at his beautiful collarbone.
John nodded yes, the murdered body wasn't going anywhere, and followed Sherlock into his 1970s Mercedes Benz. It was a beautiful car, low to the ground, and John felt slightly self conscious getting inside next to someone who looked, dressed and drove like a self-assured super model. Before he started the car, Sherlock typed out one more message.
He put the stallion in an old enclosure that he'd built years before to keep his pony in. He went across the stream, splashing his feet in the cold water, sitting himself into the cradle of a large tree. This was his thinking spot. The tree branches provided shade, but there was an opening where he could still see the sky.
Sherlock hadn't prepared anything to say. He hadn't bought anything, or made anything for John. He felt quite panicked, quite unprepared for the entire experience.
The lead EMT moved up the scaffolding slowly, nearly reverently. He up and under a gap, and moved around the technician, his arms weaving in between his. He felt along Anderson's throat, his chest, down his side. The EMT simply shook his head. The other medical crew grabbed a ladder, placing it right up against the scaffolding. No one was shouting. No one was moving fast enough. Everything was gentle, unhurried. He should be able to breathe, now. With everyone holding him, he should've been breathing. Checking and assessing for damages, a concussion.
As they meet on the landing pad, Roderick and Robert embrace, then burst into giggles and tears when Robert calls Roderick "brother-in-law."
Greg turned and looked at John, raising his eyes to also watch the man's hands flying through signs as Molly sat a moment to rest. Greg shook his head at John, "You are an idiot. What kind of question is that? Who the fuck cares. Pay attention to the seminar."
"Hamish, Hamish, look at me, please? It took me a long time to find out how people work, even though I'm incredibly smart. Did you see how your daddy put his head down?"
Sherlock pulled John closer, slipping against him in the spray, "I was so cruel to you. I just didn't want to be hurt, if you didn't love me-"
John spent three minutes going through all the reasons that it was not appropriate for Hamish to talk to Sherlock, or to get in the middle of their relationship. Hamish was in such a state that John's father jumped on the line and implored John to "simply let the boy talk to Mr. Detective before he hyperventilates."
Sherlock dropped his soap when William mentioned bedroom oil. Of course, he'd been talked to about the basic mechanics of lovemaking, but he couldn't understand how those particular acts between two men could be pleasurable.
Sherlock doesn't offer tea.
"Nonsense." Joseph interjects, "I don't know what business you had at the government airport but you look done in. My other son has clothes your size. Stay the night and then we will get you sorted tomorrow. I'll fix you some food."
John held him close, whispering in his ear, "Fiancée for a while, beautiful. Then husband."
The boy looked up at Sherlock, smiling just slightly, "Most people don't call it amazing,"
Sherlock loved his brother. He didn't quite understand grown up love between partners, but he knew his brother would regret it the rest of his life if he were separated from Lord Lestrade.
Robert takes over the rest of the operation and locks everything down.
"Then why in the fuck, civilian, would you jump in on a goddamn military operation that you, first of all, don't fucking understand, and secondly, that you don't even know who the commanding officer is?"
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John, pecking a kiss on his head. John looked up and raised one eyebrow, "Ok, I'm short, you don't have to rub it in by kissing the top of my head!"
Sherlock tossed the shirt on a hanger, "I don't build, Irene, have you lost your mind?"
He'd felt no desire to touch or kiss Sally, or bring her to the side barn to be alone. He'd appreciated her help, and her thoughts and funny stories, but he didn't feel any need for touching.
John grinned, coaxing the horse to speed up. Sherlock urged his steed to go faster, finding the well-worn path to the swimming hole off of the rocky stream. The stream was the most important piece of their land that they'd held onto, as the water source kept the rest of the farmstead afloat when the drought came. Everything was green and lush. It was a perfect place to water their horses. Far enough from the house, and surrounded by short trees, it was Sherlock's favorite place to be alone.
"Yes." Sherlock clips as Moriarty steps back to sit down across from Sherlock.
Sherlock jumped up, running his fingers along the bottom of each bill. He jumped up, his chair clattering across the kitchen floor, "Daemon, the understudies. Look at the understudies."
John moved towards Sherlock, setting the suitcase on the floor, "That's fine with me. We can have something in London with all our friends, and just spend time alone after we're married. Oh, and work on the case in between, I suppose." John smiled, playfully using his shoulder to bump Sherlock.
What was wrong with him? He felt out of his skin.
Mycroft runs to the bedroom door, nearly slipping and falling on his ass (for fuck's sake, can he not walk upright around this man?) He yells to stop Robert before he gets to far off the stair landing, "How the hell do you know about the Magnussen deadline project?"
John's mom stepped forward, shaking his hand as well, "How did you two meet?" Mr. Watson smiled at her, "Now, no interrogations, the boys just woke up."
He will use the bright moon and stars to guide his way towards the next town. He walks quickly as it's getting chilly now that the sun has nearly disappeared.
"I bought this mare from Tavis. Soilleir is now mine. I'm giving my stallion Laoch to you."
As Harry stomped her foot and pointed her finger at the Sheriff, she slowly approached Harry, keeping her arms open and relaxed. She captured a wailing Harry and sat her on the floor, rocking back and forth with her, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry."
"Why do you think I would agree to all that?"
He feels like weeping, yelling, jumping. He's been debating this call all day, but he determined it had to be done.
Sherlock was overly warm, and his eyes were closed, but with a delirious look of joy. John stripped him naked, laying the plaid out on the floor as a blanket. He grabbed pillows from the chairs and laid Sherlock's head down. His eyes were closed, "Sherlock, darling, are you alright? Please. Talk to me."
Sherlock ducked his head down and grabbed John's arms. They were now flush, John's front tucked against Sherlock's back, "I didn't notice that he'd left. So we are alone?"
The first time he didn't correct someone that they weren't a couple, he sat in his room that evening, thinking, staring at the wall. Two days after that, he was propositioned by a pretty blonde at Tesco's. He declined because he hadn't seen much of Sherlock the past few days and he
John laughed, "No, well, I like seeing you get flustered when I talk to you. But I want to know what happened. Why did Elias try to shoot you?"
After the water is cold, and Mycroft's back aches, he eases Sherlock out of the bath, holds up a towel to dry him, pulls out bedclothes and puts them over his head and up over his legs. They do not speak anything other than hushed whispers of assurance.
"Well, I am usually working, I don't really-"
John put his hand on Sherlock's neck, "It's ok, breathe, I'm here."
"Are you ok?" Julie asked, "I know Sherlock is staying in another room to keep the wedding night romantic, but he looked miserable when I last saw him."
Mycroft turns on his heel and leaves John. He takes a moment to watch Mycroft walk around the corner, then he walks the other way to the front door of the cafe. As he rounds the corner, he pulls on his cheeks, stuffing his hands into his pockets.
Mycroft doesn't let on that he's got all his information, classified and public, open this very moment on his computer.
"Are the code words still the same?"
The anger had dissipated when he'd been pulled from the burning pyre and it was Sherlock's hands on his face, calling his name, looking in his eyes. He didn't see Mary, really, just Sherlock; he knew then, #johnwatsonloves - but he felt a pull, an obligation, to do what normal people do.
Alone, in his raggedy clothes and his lantern casting a yellow glow to compliment the moonlight, Sherlock danced. He set his lantern on one of the stone benches that served as a seat for his brother's wedding the day before.
"Sherlock. Your safety. Mary is much more dangerous than we anticipated. We need to discuss a plan."
"John, John. I'm going to..."
John suddenly felt a headache beginning behind his eyes. He willed it away.
John reached over him into the bedside table, finding the bottle of lube. He flipped the lid open, spilling a fair amount on Sherlock's side. Sherlock barked out a laugh, dragging his fingers through the cool liquid.
"Oh, dammit, my parents," John huffed, "They probably need me to help stock before I head over to the theatre," John hopped out of bed and grabbed his underwear and jeans that were on the floor. He gave Sherlock a look over his shoulder, "Do you want to come down with me and help?"
As morning streams in the windows, John considers his next action. He wants to kiss, stroke, pull him so close. He's hardly remembered what it's like to have sex with a man; heated and angrier than sex with most women.
The car slows down to pick up Robert at the end of his drive. He has a body guard. Robert pops the door open and looks in, the bodyguard carrying an overnight bag into the car.
Sherlock had hidden in the flower garden, behind the apple tree orchard, he'd had no shirt sleeves long enough to cover up. So he waited until nightfall, when his brother found him, convincing him to tell Mummy and Daddy.
"We've got to come up with a plan, you and I," John says, "Together." He grips onto Sherlock's arm tightly.
As they were wrapped around one another, John pushing deeply into Sherlock, John places his forehead against Sherlock's and looks into his eyes. This felt more intimate, even closer, than when they were kissing. He could see Sherlock's deep breathing in his shoulders, feel Sherlock move his arm to touch himself more rapidly, watch as he rolls his lips inward over his teeth.
Mycroft, since the age of 5, has not missed a school or work deadline.
he writes. Robert says, "I'm afraid that if we continue to see each other, that they will feed information to Magnussen." He writes so Mycroft can see,
"You, you don't have to. I can go home." Sherlock was shaking with the effort of breathing and trying to speak without coughing.
During breakfast, Hamish sat right next to Sherlock, giving him more advice about his father. "He doesn't like to talk about death, as he's a doctor, so he's the enemy of death." Sherlock looked up at John, raising his eyebrows. John ate another bite of pancake then gestured with his fork for Hamish to continue. "So I don't know if daddy will approve of me helping with the case but I'd like to help. I was just pulling up that case to distract you from pain while daddy was hugging you-"
"John," Sherlock closes his eyes a moment, then opens them, "You are so easy to love. You have so many friends, and can make new friends easily." Sherlock kisses John's thumb that is rubbing the side of his face, "You're my only friend. I will never have another
"I was worried....that you'd go back....I was trying not to text....I trust you..I was scared."
John looked up into Sherlock's face. His eyes were sparkling and his smile met his eyes, "This is lovely. Are you alright? Any regrets?"
"You look like a dancer," John whispered, pulling Sherlock's Tshirt down over his shoulders. As he pulled it down over his waist, he rubbed his fingertips into the ridges above Sherlock's hips and the cleft of his ass, "You are gorgeous. I don't know how I'll be able to concentrate on working with you looking like a model. I don't know how anyone can focus when you're close to them, putting makeup on them. My beautiful boy."
was impossible to fully ignore. As the mic squealed when tapped, John noticed everyone winced, but Sherlock was completely still. Sherlock watched the crowd, but didn't react himself. Instead, he turned his chair so he could both see the speaker and the audience at the same time.
He murmurs into John's neck, (he has to say it or his heart will keep drumming.)
"Did you get the dress kilt and tartan I'd sent?"
Shots with silencers.
The Holmes brothers were always uncannily able to read thoughts. "John," Mycroft began, his eyes pinpoints, jaw clenched, "Every enemy targets you or him because the two of you are a force of nature. Everyone has always assumed, rightly so, that you've been in love with one another?"
He was a gambler, an attempted murder, an abuser. Mrs. Hudson had lots of friends and rental properties, so she could easily disappear. Sherlock would ensure his destruction, but not tonight. Tonight was for calming the raw nerves. Later, after the pain wore off and the memories came back in order, she would be angry. When the anger needed to be dealt with, that's when Sherlock would destroy him.  Now, it was Valium and sleep. Tomorrow, a bath and food. In two to three days, forward.
John returns to the flat. He's deciding, carefully, how to broach the subject. How to bring it, well, everything up. The hiding in plain sight with a hospitalization, keeping Mary at a distance but still believing they trust her; John knows he has to keep himself together and not misspeak or misstep. He has rehearsed his words with Mycroft, but they ended up dissolving into giggles at one point, (the two brothers really are alike, John thought.)
"Sherlock! I was worried you wouldn't make it. Let me go get the rings for you and your fiancee, John, is it?"
They walked to the theatre in silence, each keeping their thoughts to themselves.
Hamish was asleep in John's arms during the taxi ride home. Sherlock offered to sleep on the couch and allow John and Hamish to sleep in his large bed together, but John refused. He asserted that Sherlock would sleep on the other side of the bed, with Hamish in the middle, "It will make me feel better, knowing he's here, and you're here watching him."
John put his hands on both of Sherlock's arms, putting them to his sides, stopping both the tirade of words and the distressed hand gestures that accompanied them. The two men stared at each other a moment, the silence only broken by Hamish's adjustment of the microscope dials.
Sherlock looked over at Daemon, tilting his head to listen more closely to his diatribe.
John burst into great belly laughter, holding his sides. A few minutes later, an older woman leaving the restaurant gave him a dirty look, asking if they were still drunk from the night before. That didn't help, it only caused Sherlock to join into the laughing fit.
Title from this chapter is from the play Amadeus.
They load into the jet, greeted by others in fatigues, plain clothes officers, bags of weaponry. A minor post in the British government indeed.
John swoops in for a kiss, pulling Sherlock's waist, and grabbing his arse at the same time. He feels Sherlock's erection against his and he he delves into Sherlock's mouth with his tongue. John had promised himself he would be slow and gentle, but Sherlock was grabbing at John in kind. They were pulling at each other's shirts, desperately undressing as they ground against each other.
Now, they had one small flock, a withered patch of land, and one black horse for as far as the eye could see. A horse that didn't belong to their family.
---To be continued
John was still looking up at him, eyes wider now, grinning.
When John kissed Sherlock goodnight, Sherlock's stomach swooped, even more than when he'd been pitched from a horse.
Sherlock nodded. John added another, pulsing his fingers in time with the empty thrusting of Sherlock's hips. As he added a third, he found his prostate, watching his ring of muscle redden and large strings of precome drip onto the chair. Sherlock's legs began to shake. Before he could collapse, John wiped his hands off on his plaid, lifting his kilt up around his waist.
Now, with the sheep wandering out in the morning light, the fire helped steady Sherlock's thoughts. William put his hand on his shoulder.
Before they left the theatre, John went to the prop closet. He shivered as he looked at the cut of a bench he and Sherlock had fucked over, as Anderson was on stage, unwittingly climbing to his death. He felt hollow for not feeling more guilty. He knew he couldn't have changed it, whether he was in the prop closet or watching the stage, the damage was already done. The scaffold had been converted to a murder weapon.
"I thought you were avoiding me, that we'd had a domestic," John said as he squeezed Sherlock's knee, "You kept cleaning."
John snaps awake, grabbing his gun from the bedside table and rolling on the floor like he's 20 years old again, fresh in the service. (Intruder? Moriarty? Mycroft?) He waits, tucked behind the corner of the bed, not wanting to fire until absolutely necessary.
"Wait," John says, stroking Sherlock's hair, his forehead pressed to his, "Are you sure? I don't want to rush you -"
Tavis looked at Sherlock, grabbing a towel from Sherlock's bed. He started to speak, then stopped, then restarted again, "Have you ever wanted to, Sherlock? I've never seen you with anyone. Do you understand how lovemaking works between men?"
"John! John! Put me down! I'm too heavy!"
At first, John takes the box to the bedroom, but he can't. His knees weaken when he gets close to the doorway. He doesn't want to be near a bed when he's alone. Without his Sherlock. His throat constricts; he wonders when he last called him
"He loves you, John. More fiercely than anyone or anything I've seen. We are not manipulating. We are redirecting energy so it doesn't tear him apart."
John sat up, pulling Sherlock close to him, "Not well enough? I am your husband. We always work better together.  I am not getting left behind-"
"Yes," Sherlock smiled, raising his voice a bit, "I am especially rude and impatient to the local police force at times. Exceptionally. When they deserve it. I'm so hard to get along with, one of my only friends is Billy, my skull."
John moved closer, laughing, "No, we will have cooks. Where did you get that idea?"
The Captain John Watson voice at the end. No use in arguing any further.
Mycroft fiddles with his tie. He's finished negotiations with a crime ring in North America. They will relax their stronghold and give up information. A feud that started because a husband and wife refused to testify against the other. They would rather both be deported, or imprisoned, than one without the other.
"Oh, Sherlock, do you feel my finger? Disappearing in and out of your body? You're so hot. You're taking my finger. So tight, you're going to be so tight and stretch around my cock, aren't you?"
"We have our assistance. A helicopter. Guns. Friends of Mycroft's."
"I have nothing to remind me of you, Sherlock Holmes. You have my tartan.  What token can I have of yours?"
I wait on the morrow
Too many hospitals and machines, beeping, the stress of leaving too soon and running and staging the big reveal of his lying, cheating wife. The blood, agony, pale face of Sherlock and all he can do is look into his face and his eyes and watch. No one questions him. Sherlock refuses morphine. John sits next to him, they are as close as they can be, with wires and machines in the way. Sherlock doesn't want John to misunderstand. He wants his words clear. His intentions understood.
Sherlock nodded as John took the bag from his hand. John sat it on floor, then grabbed a mug of cold water from a pitcher on the dresser. He offered Sherlock the mug, watching as a bit of water dripped from his mouth to his neck. Their eyes locked, Sherlock watching John's eyes follow the bead of water from his jaw to the hollow at the base of his throat. He took the mug out of Sherlock's hand, refilled it, quickly swallowing it, placing it on the dresser.
Hamish nodded, leaning towards Sherlock. Then Hamish smiled, brightly. John thought his heart would burst. Hamish knew John loved him, but his discussions of any sort were so wrapped in logic that John couldn't keep up.
I have never put notes in, but I fucking love Robert. He's based on a couple real life people I put together. I can't wait for the other chapters about him.
"John, this is Sherlock, Sherlock, John." Irene beamed at Sherlock when she caught him staring and at a loss for words. John came closer, reaching out his hand to shake the other man's. Sherlock's brain had short circuited, and he responded to the handshake out of pure habit alone.
Dr. Watson shoots him between the eyes with his service weapon. Shortly after, he's promoted to Captain.
= With each swim across the pool he thought, he analyzed, he tried to come up with a solution to what he had done, what he had said. Sherlock had admitted he'd wanted, that he feared John's rejection. What had changed?
After Sherlock was dressed, he sat in a chair while Tavis used oiled fingers to comb through Sherlock's sleep tousled curls. He wove together two braids, one with the Watson clan colors and the second with the Holmes clan colors. He took these two braids and pulled them back, creating a crown of braids around the top of his head. To secure them, Tavis used a hair pin covered in jewels.
Jim Moriarty is supervising a team of 23 laborers who are proceeding under the assumption they are building a rather elaborate set piece for a traveling theatre company.
Sherlock smiled, "He's welcome anytime."
(See the end of the chapter for
and then what he hoped was the sign for
Seanmháthair had explained to him, again and again, that either he or Mycroft would need to find an advantageous match in marriage. She'd known, years earlier, that the drought would come. She knew how foolish her one daughter would be, drunk on whiskey, leaving her children to fend for themselves. Tavis, Norris, Gavin and Price would have starved to death if not for the kindness and generosity of Victoria and Stuart Holmes. But kindness and generosity only go so far when there are eight mouths to feed. Especially on a farmstead only meant to hold a clan of four. They saved, worked together, used wits and strength, but it was still not enough.
"Breathe, Mycroft. Breathe, my love." Mummy is rubbing his shoulders, and he's reminded of when he was twelve. He may die this time, "Myc, listen to me. You aren't responsible for your brothers' choices. You do everything you can."
Sherlock nodded. His heart thrummed as he felt John's fingers circle his wrist and both his hands engulf Sherlock's left one, "Sherlock, will you allow me to court you? Will you marry me after these two weeks?"
He dried off, dressed in shorts and a T-Shirt, then decided to take off the T-Shirt. He debated what to do next. Sherlock wouldn't be back for a while, he didn't have anything particular to do, didn't feel like doing much.
Sherlock looked back at Daemon, who took a step forward, "John, we can stay in the living room. Or in the bar. I just don't think you should be completely alone."
Now Mycroft's eyes were wet with tears. Both sets of parents embraced the young men, and the guests responded with even louder yelling and cheers.
After his baby brother has been asleep for an hour, Mycroft goes into the living room. He looks out the windows, then pulls out his mobile.
After Mary has left the flat, Mrs. Hudson comes upstairs, bounding up the stairs quicker than Sherlock has ever heard.
There was no medicinal reason for John to have his hands loosely on Sherlock's shoulders, or for him to be comfortable with Sherlock pressing his back into John's chest. Sherlock tried to rein his imagination in, but he wondered what it would feel like to have John peck a kiss on the crown of his head. To keep himself focused, he laced his fingers together and placed them in his lap.
There was a very long pause before the wife responded. And she responded with just a few signs. Sherlock responded with a few back. Sherlock took John's phone, typed some phrases, then gave it back to Dimmock. John couldn't quite see what was being written, but Dimmock gestured for his police partner to come over. Dimmock texted something back to Sherlock, handing it to John.
"What, now?"
Sherlock would not go to prison. There would be riots. He could get Queen and Country to agree to an exile. He wouldn't last six months.
John turned back around, digging his keys back out of his pocket. His fingers were pink and shook with cold.
Daemon pulled Sherlock further down the street, "That may be. But you aren't helping John by making everyone else angry. You have to let them do their job and come to their conclusions."
"Oh good Lord!" Mycroft snaps from behind them, "I do understand that you're making up for lost time, but I do believe there is such a thing as coming up for air."
"You're my moon. My sweet prince," John playfully kisses his cheek, grabbing his beautiful arse one more time.
John watched Sherlock stand in front of the wife and begin signing. Detective Dimmock was already in the room, and waved to Sherlock and John. The Detective stood next to John, relaying via text while Sherlock signed. Though it would've been faster with Molly who could've read the signs and spoken immediately, the interpretation moved quickly. John had to remind himself to pay attention to the text questions and not just watch Sherlock's hands. As they worked, they fell into an easy rhythm, questioning and fielding questions in return. The woman eventually put herself into a corner that she couldn't explain away. She stated she was at home, and then at work, and finally, when the timelines didn't make sense, she broke down and admitted she was the one to kill her husband. Every bit of the the session had to be recorded, and John and Sherlock had to be processed and placed on the docket to return as interpreters and material witnesses for trial. When they left the building, it was nearing eight in the evening.
They crunch in the underbrush, moving their group behind a barn and a camouflage of trees and cattle. John is thankful that the smells and terrain is vastly different from Afghanistan. They can just barely see their chinook on the other side of the field, barely illuminated by a small landing fire.
From the text, he knew something volatile happened between Sherlock and Mary, but Sherlock was safe.
John returns to Sherlock's hospital room, shutting the door quietly behind him. John stops at the end of the bed, his eyes searching Sherlock's face. His palms are dry, his fingers relaxed, his breathing a little fast but his shoulders have settled. John rubs Sherlock's foot. He grabs another blanket from the end of the other bed. He tucks around Sherlock's feet, rubbing his ankles. He unfolds the blanket, up and over Sherlock, touching his calves, his thighs, his stomach, his chest, his neck as he unfolds the blanket over him. He tucks Sherlock's arms in, under the blanket, wrapping him in tight in both layers. Sherlock begins to shiver, teeth knocking together. John sits on the edge of the bed, continuing to rub both his arms, his legs.
He's avoided Mary who has stayed in the living room reading. When she does move, she makes a large production of getting in and out of chairs with her large belly.
The Czech mission going so smoothly.
The soldier, the criminal, the sociopath, the assassin; all bound together and driven to insane measures because they're desperately, hopelessly, head over heels.
in BSL.
Still with the bullet proof vest on the way to their (supposed) house. Everything a façade, an act. John doesn't have his gun on him. The guns will be ready and poised in the slits in the walls. Professionals.
Sherlock moved his fingers. He traced John's cheek, his jawline, underneath his eyes. He felt his eyelashes flutter. Sherlock danced his fingers across John's collarbone, feeling his steady pulse.
John sucks in his breath, stares at Sherlock, then back to Roderick, and around the room.
They'd been dancing around it for years.
"Master Holmes, Sherlock is rùnach. He does not have to touch me if he does not want to do so, nor is he expected to let me touch him if it is not welcome. He is his own person, but my betrothed. You've panicked him."
"Did they dance like that at the wedding?"
John went back to the hotel, drank some water and laid on the bed, wondering how he had changed from being a decorated war veteran injured in battle to an abrasive man who slept with anyone who approached him at a conference. The old John Watson would have gotten along with Molly or Sherlock, and would've appreciated all the new information for his field. He wouldn't have been so spectacularly bored that he would've felt the need to act like a child. The old John Watson would be appalled at the current version of himself.
Robert writes, but says "This is about us. It has to be. It was in the conference room seat where I always sit for our group meetings. I am up for a promotion, and others in the office have heard me talk about wanting to be ,with you. We can't do this." Robert writes
Robert's breathing slowly returns to normal, "Mycroft, we don't know each other that well. I'd rather not-"
He raises up off the top step, walks slowly into the kitchen. Robert is standing, looking out the back bay window. Robert doesn't turn around. Mycroft comes right up behind him, wrapping his arms around his middle. They are nearly the same height, so Mycroft rests his chin on his shoulder.
Love, and war, and the Holmes brothers were all mixing together. They were in the middle of battle and firefights still, and more was to come, but he'd promised himself that if he made it out alive…..
When Sherlock was satisfactorily clean, John scrubbed himself quickly. John left the tub first, wrapping a plaid around himself, then grabbed one to wrap around Sherlock. John kept his arms around Sherlock the entire time as he lead him to the bed. Sherlock felt warm, and sleepy, but John wouldn't let John lay back onto the comforters.
"Here." John says. Jesus, he sounds tired. He hears Sherlock running across the dirt and gravel, stopping in front of John.
John's voice hitched as he drove to completion, the oil heating between them, their breath quickening and bodies warming. John kicked the quilt away, adjusting himself so his pelvis was tilted further down into Sherlock's, both men leaking precome profusely.
John glared at Sherlock, "You are a goddamn asshole,"
John hopes his face bears similar sentiment, that Sherlock understands, the sorrow of too much time gone by, of almost missing chances.
After a few moments Sherlock shook his head, handing the phone back to John, "Here," and gave a gesture that John couldn't interpret. Sherlock put his hands in his pockets, his gaze now on his shoes.
John squirmed, the scratches on his back a pleasant annoyance. He watched the speaker drone on and on, his head pounding. He felt himself nodding off, so he poked Greg again to keep himself awake. There was only so much he could listen to regarding drug interactions, addiction and treatment. He leaned over to Greg.
Roderick Holmes has a passport ready. Off the grid of the British government for years, officially deceased for two, he's ready to return home when Mycroft gives the order. Mycroft has done this resurrection game before.
John turns outward, still with Sherlock's arm around him. He looks at the faces of Greg, Molly, and Mycroft; who is still talking to Jim on speaker.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John as he fell asleep, kissing his neck as he began to slumber, his dreams full of lavender and braiding oils.
This time, his body, his mind, betrays him. John is in front of him, telling him he never loved him, but Sherlock is holding declarations of love in his hands and John's scent around his neck. It didn't compute.
"Yes, Sherlock," John kisses him as he hears the roar of the helicopter settling a few hundred yards away.
John blushed, "Oh my god," he put his head down on his knees for a moment, the rested his cheek on his knees to make eye contact, "I was going to kiss you. We're getting married, we've bought the rings, and we haven't kissed. You were sitting there, and you just looked….gorgeous."
He looked up to see the doctor, steady with his gun in his left hand, aiming it down behind Sherlock.
John's dad stepped forward, reaching out his hand to shake Sherlock's. He had a wide smile on his face, the lines around his eyes crinkling. "Hello, Mr. Sherlock."
John didn't love him.
"I will be, Mummy. I just. We need to talk. I'll come right away in the morning."
Sherlock squeezed John's hand. They kissed Hamish goodbye, and took off for a cab. Sherlock felt his stomach rolling, both from nerves and from anticipation of being alone with John.
He doesn't dare get up until he knows, senses, she is long gone. It may be minutes, hours, days; but he only gets up when the ringing of the gun cocking isn't so loud in his ears.
As Sherlock packed, John puttered in the kitchen, cleaning and working off nervous energy. John jumped when he felt Sherlock's fingers over his left elbow. Sherlock pivoted him around, putting their left hands together, "Did you want rings, John?" He placed his long fingers over John's, comparing them. John could feel his fingers trembling.
Sherlock felt at peace as they rode together in the wagon for the hour's journey. They didn't speak much, but turned and gave each other glances every few minutes. Sherlock couldn't stop smiling. He rested his calf against the wedding gift bag at his feet. He watched the scenery, the rolling hills, the purple thistle, the sheep and cattle dotted across the landscape. As they rounded the last bend towards a farmstead at the end of a lane, they came upon two men riding horses. Soilleir whinnied, and picked up her steps.
Sherlock crossed his arms, "This has nothing to do with-"
Sherlock watched John drift in and out of focus as he washed his hands and face and neck from the water basin. He could see his body was shaking.
John kissed Sherlock's chest, his shoulder, his arms, his fingertips, his stomach, his hips, his thighs, his calves, his feet. Even though he was over sensitized from already orgasming, he loved John's slowly kisses over every part of him, from the top of his head to the bottom of his toes. He rolled, laughing, as John tickled him, or blew air gently over his goosepimpled skin. As the come dried and Sherlock shivered, John left, returning with a warm flannel and a dry towel. He gently washed every part of Sherlock's skin. He watched, his eyes heavy, as John cared for him, drying him, giving him a pair of shorts to sleep in and finally crawling in next to him, positioning themselves so Sherlock was the little spoon.
When he turned, he jumped. At the edge of his lamp's light he could just see a squat, sturdy, black as midnight stallion. Mounted upon the stallion, with a simple cloth and leather saddle, was a man with his upper plaid wrapped around him as a cloak.
"So," Molly said, sauntering over to him, "It's nice to work in a place where if you stay the night over at a boy's house you can at least wash your clothes the next day. Did you rip anything? I've got a few minutes to patch it up."
"Yes, that is probably true." Mycroft replies after a long pause, "You aren't worried?"
Sherlock nodded. When John failed to speak, Sherlock realized it was probably too dark to see him nodding. He replied, "Yes."
Mycroft had explained Moriarty wasn't dead. He had explained the goal, the 'burn the heart out of you,' at the swimming pool, was to pull Sherlock and John apart. Sitting in the plane, their fatigues and gear between them, John shivered at how badly he wanted to put a bullet between Moriarty's eyes. For good. Mary was introduced to comfort and distract John, and their marriage to break Sherlock's heart, distracting him, ending with her assassinating Sherlock. The story feels familiar.
Sherlock raised himself on his knees, towering over the doctor. John leaned back creasing his eyebrows. Sherlock leaned to whisper into his ear, "I'm glad you made it. I'm glad you're here." He kissed his neck, and sucked, drawing a mark on his neck by his collarbone. John was pushing up with his hips now, begging for Sherlock to move. As Sherlock leaned back, John unzipped his trousers and asked Sherlock if this was ok. Sherlock peeled off his clothing as John stripped himself.
John leaned down, his foot gently ticking Sherlock's ribs, "The look of joy and delight in your eyes is gift enough.   Get on him and let's go for a ride."
John took a shuddering breath. He didn't drop eye contact. He inhaled, actually looking relieved, "Greg, Greg said you were brilliant. Bloody fucking brilliant."
Mycroft and Sherlock arrive in a cab. They are both dressed as versions of Sherlock's Shezza disguise.
They know that Billy will keep an eye on Mary as she is left with Mummy and Daddy Holmes. Robert squeezes Mycroft's shoulder as he helps him jump through the door, under the swirling winds of the copter blades. They nod sharply, no words, ear pieces in. Mycroft settles into the edge of the front seat. The flight over is tense, Robert has to remind Mycroft to breathe.
Sherlock smiles. His heart feels large. Pounding out of his chest. He's reminded of the years before Mary, before the fall, when it was just John and Sherlock. John making Sherlock eat. John and Sherlock bickering over the state of the kitchen; heads and fingers in the fridge. John listening to Sherlock's violin as he sways in front if the window.
a certain day on the calendar, and
When John had shuffled himself into the driver's seat, looking into the rearview mirror at Sherlock, "Are you ok with this? They'll be gone at least another week or so?"
"So damn romantic, yes," Sherlock grins, looping fingers behind John's neck to draw in for a sweet, deep kiss. He pulls back when he hears Billy huffing in the kitchen in annoyance.
"What if Mrs. Hudson walks in?"
Hamish told them both, "I am going to review my case notes over breakfast, maybe we can discuss them later, Mr. Detective?" Hamish left the room, carrying his notebook and paper with him.
Reminiscent of the morning in the hospital, Hamish was in his room. In a chair. Reading a medical book on spinal cord injuries.
