"Because I-" Dean started somehow and for a moment he wondered if he should try to explain. Whether he should try to explain to a foreign boy how broken and desperate you had to be to think that was the solution. Dean tried to put it into words.
Dean nodded.
They looked at each other for a while, before Castiel took his backpack and started walking. Both of them realized that they didn't live to far away from each other so Dean started to walk with him. He crosses his arms.
"That's good." Dean said and Cas nodded in agreement. Dean was glad he never really had a problem with that.
"Are you high?" Cas suddenly realized, but Dean didn't answer, just started to walk away again.
It would make it more real, a reality Dean tried to escape and repress so hard.
"You okay?" Cas asked after a while and Dean nodded.
"You shouldn't care about that." Dean heard Castiel whisper and turned his head slightly in his direction. He didn't look at him.
Dean immediately got up and put on his clothes. It was 9:43 am. He didn't even try to make sure that he looked halfway normal. Sam never cared what he looked like anyway and Dean just didn't give a damn about anyone else in the world right now.
It had been raining all morning, so the air was still a bit damp. The sky was clear now, and the roof they were sitting on was a little wet. But they didn't care.
To be completely honest, this isn't my favorite thing I wrote. But thanks to everyone who gave me kudos and to the few people who commented. You made my day better.
Dean decided to accommodate Cas.
"What if we find new friends."
Sam walked towards him as expected. Dean noticed that his brother also looked fucking tired. His hair, which were a bit too long for Dean's liking, was a mess and his arms were totally red because of the heavy boxes he had to carry inside. There was sweat building on his forhead.
Dean felt it.
"I feel like shit." Dean mumbled honestly and tried to sit up.
"For a moment, yeah." Dean said and he nodded, while Cas began to rip grass out of the earth. "What do you do if it is to loud?"
Dean stayed there forever with his cell phone in his hand. He just stared at the black screen. Maybe he was waiting for something, but nothing happened.
"Are you okay? You're kinda weird. I mean, you wanted to go out. Who are you and what did you do to my boyfriend?" Cas laughed and shook his shoulder.
On the other side of the room was a dark brown couch. Next to it was a big bookcase with a lot of books and little fake plants.
"I don't know." he answered honestly.
It seemed to Dean that something warm would fit into the picture. No cigarette smoke, no alcohol, but something normal. Something like hot chocolate. At that moment, he was wondering about himself. His head was always looking for some kind of drug and now he just wanted to sit outside and what? Drink hot chocolate?
And then there was Dean, that eighteen-year-old asshole who refused to get out of the car.
Sam snuggled into the blanket, as if he was about to hide in there.
Dean wondered what had gone wrong. Yesterday everything was okay and now he was in the hospital.
"Say that to your arm." his father said loudly and Dean swallowed everything else he wanted to say. "Say that to the walls in our old house, say that to all-"
"It doesn't matter, Dean." John looked at his son desperately and something broke inside of Dean. Maybe his heart, which he didn't know was still doing anything at this moment. "It's so much worse when you sit in front of me."
A few days later, he was sitting in his room, while he felt like the monster was literally one inch away from him. And he decided to keep his promise this time.
Birds were flying from one tree to another. Going home, perhaps. For a second, Dean got lost in them. He got lost in the sky that was turning a muted blue, in the moon that was half full.
Cas kissed Dean.
Cas only barely introduced Dean, both of them actually wanted to leave right away, but his grandparents insisted that they have dinner together.
"I am you're cute boyfriend." Dean muttered into the pillow and heard his laugh again.
"What's going on? Are you okay?" Dean asked confused and Sam nodded. Dean saw the chips bag Sam had with him. He frowned at first before he started to smile.
Dean just wanted to protect his little brother from all the other people. From all the doctors and nurses, that thought they knew better. He knew how hospitals work and didn't want his brother to be there. Dean wanted Sam to be with him. Where he could be sure that nobody hurts Sam.
Dean hadn't noticed how Cas got up. Dean hadn't noticed how Cas approached him and united their lips. Cas gently took Dean's face in his hands.
This chapter mentions an attempt of suicide. Please read carefully.
"Shut up." And they actually laughed briefly, a real laugh.
To be honest, all these details weren't important, because in the end, it was just a house and it served the purpose of a house.
And that was the reason, why Dean didn't want to talk about it. It would force him to think about it, just for him to realize that it was fucked up. But Dean didn't know what else to do, where else to go, what other method to use, so he ran away from it.
His phone vibrated and he already knew without looking, that the message was from Cas and ran to the door.
Sam started talking, probably because he couldn't stand the oppressive atmosphere. He started talking about his first day at school, while Dean was completely absent mentally and tried to choke down a piece.
"Are you trying to be an asshole?" Castiel asked with a cheeky grin and Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean took a deep breath and looked at Cas, who looked like he had a thousand questions. And something in Dean wanted him to ask all questions. Somehow, in this moment, Dean wanted to tell him everything and in the next moment nothing at all. He probably noticed that he was opening up to him. That he gave Cas the opportunity to hurt him a lot and he still didn't know if he wanted that.
For a moment Dean thought about his next step and decided to just hug Sam. After a second, Sam actually started to cry, while his head was on Dean's shoulder. He didn't hug back, just leaned into Dean.
Sam spoke to their father, but Dean of course couldn't understand what it was about. Dean didn't believe he was the center of the earth, but his father and brother often made it seem that way. He knew their conversation was about him.
"You passed out. The drugs you took triggered an overreaction in your body, to put it simply."
It was warm, but not hot actually. However, the heat was still in the air, because there wasn't a bit of wind. The sky was cloudless. Just as Dean's brain was carefree.
Then Cas would say something like that he had been here before Dean and that it was Dean that just crashed into his life.
Another voice said that he couldn't go home, it was over. Dean knew, so he surrendered and opened the door.
And after a few minutes the effect started. He felt warm as if someone were hugging him from the inside and Dean just wanted to lie down on the couch and fall asleep. He was so... calm. It was all so slow, so quiet, so relaxed.
When they both seperated, they both took a deep breath. Dean's face was still in his hands and Cas was holding it so Dean could look him in the eye.
He clenched his jar. Dean sometimes thought he was good at hiding it. Most of the time he hoped, it wouldn't be important. Dean didn't fight against it, his dad knew it anyway. At the end John would want to see Dean's arms and he wasn't ready to show this mess to anyone voluntarily.
"I don't want to talk about it, okay?" It bursted out of him. "Talking doesn't work for me."
"Dude, fuck." It left Dean and he burried his face in his hands. "It all felt so okay, honestly. Something always gets in the way."
"Because she doesn't want a fagot as a son." Cas interrupted Dean and looked up to meet his eyes. It wasn't an outing, Cas knew that Dean knew it.
Cas was good. Far too good for someone like Dean, that's what Dean thought. That he wasn't allowed to mess this up. Dean would do anything to make this work.
Maybe it wasn't so bad that Dean had gone to school today. At least Dean learned something interesting about Castiel at this fucking lesson.
So Dean assumed that there was more behind it, but he decided that this was a topic for another time. They both stared at the ceiling and Cas stopped the movement of his hands.
"We're gonna make this work." Cas almost promised and Dean laughed happily.
"How can you just sit in here?" Sam asked puzzled. Dean didn't answer him and hoped that he would just leave him alone again. Dean didn't want to talk to anyone. He just wanted to go home.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean was okay.
"No, I live my life, he lives his own. Somehow there would be no point in being friends."
"Where do you want to sleep?" He sounded worried and a little desperate. And tired, but they all were tired. Dean felt like his father was on edge the entire time and he wondered when he would explode.
"I dunno, Dad." Dean said and John looked at him sadly. "Where's Sammy?"
As he entered his new classroom, Dean noticed that some were looking at him, but nobody really stared. He sat down at a free bank and paid no attention to the people sitting next to him.
After a while Dean nodded and put his cigarette out. He lit the next one and Sam wanted to say something, but Dean glared at him. Sam hated it, Dean knew that, but he hadn't said anything about it for ages, and Dean only smoked when he felt bad and needed to.
They sat together at dinner and Dean couldn't stop staring at the empty seat where a fourth chair was supposed to be. Sam knew, but didn't say anything. Dean wasn't sure if John noticed, but he hoped that he didn't.
"Where did you always go camping?" Dean started to talk about the previous topic.
"Promise me that." Sam demanded and Dean swallowed hard. He didn't know how to stop it. Which magic trick he had to use there.
He took a deep breath and remembered the previous evening. It felt so warm in his memory. Like a small campfire which was ignited in the cold of his thoughts.
"Distract me." Dean said at some point and it shocked Cas at first that he said something that wasn't 'Leave'. Then he was confused, almost overwhelmed.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Don't freak out, okay?" John started and Dean opened his eyes.
Both of them were so fucked up. They didn't deserve this.
"Wanna go to the sports flied?" Cas asked suddenly and Dean nodded. Why not?
He looked at Dean wide-eyed, as if he had never expected to arrive at this point and to be honest, Dean hadn't expected it either. He never thought he would trust someone so much. Before Dean could count to three,Cas was on top of him and pressed their lips together again and again. Dean buried his hands in his hair. Cas was holding himself upright so he wouldn't just fall on Dean.
"Cas." Dean answered and looked up into the nightsky. It was already getting cooler, the wind was stronger than the nights before.
"Are you close?" Cas asked but Dwan couldn't say anything, so he nodded uncontrollably.
"You're new here, right?" The stranger ask but Dean didn't answer, just looked at him, hoping he could stare him away. "Some girls talked about this new guy."
It was a stupid idea, really, but Dean had to smile and Sam saw it and so the young boy kept going. The sad thing was that Dean didn't know why he was smiling. Maybe it was already a desperate laugh because his little brother, whom he was supposed to take care of, was now taking care of him more. Tried to save him. To make his life more bearable.
"That my mom doesn't want me." he replied to Dean's question and Dean had to swallowed hard.
"I love you."
"You don't need to."
"Who's running away?" Dean asked angrily now. "It wasn't my idea to move to a diffrent state."
His old friends from Kansas probably expected him to contact them soon.
"Then see it as a new chapter." Sam tried to redirect Dean's view on things a bit.
Because his life was boring and he was afraid if he made it look like everything was fine for just a second, his father and Sam would get false hopes that Dean could just as quickly, within seconds, burn to the ground.
Sam gently grabbed Dean's arm and pulled him back to reality. Dean swallowed hard until he just walked past Sam and down the stairs.
Dea looked at him, but Cas didn't look at him. Cas was right and Dean knew that right now. But right now he was just scared that it would never be okay again. Dean didn't say anything because he was afraid that Cas wouldn't understand.
Dean just nodded, tried to save some energy.
Because slowly it began to smell here like hot chocolate and cotton candy.
He could swear he heard her voice.
Dean realized how cold it got on the roof, but you could handle it. He also realized how clouded his mind got. He didn't now if he could handle that.
It was the first time Dean didn't go straight home after school. The boys simply found a meadow not far from the school, whereupon they settled there. Cas and Gabriel had a bike, the other boys just walked alongside. Although Cas had offered Dean that he could sit on the back, but Dean refused.
It grounded Dean for a moment and his breath slowed down for a moment.
They just sat and talked. Dean doesn't remember what it was about, which may mean that it was probably very unimportant, but at that moment Dean was okay. They laughed together and talked about some insignificant nonsense. But it was important, because it helped him. Only for a short time, but Dean didn't care about that.
"Where is he?" Dean asked out of breath. His father didn't answer him instantly and Dean got scared, way to scared. At that moment, a cold shiver ran down Dean's spine, because he wasn't the only one who was afraid. He saw it in his father's eyes. The way he had his hands hidden deep in his pocket. The way he looked to the side, but didn't meet his sons eyes.
"I don't know." Cas replied again. "I think he did."
"Didn't plan to. I actually agree with you." Dean defended himself and stubbed out the cigarette. He put his arm around Cas and the boy sighed happily.
They had toasted and laughed.
"What?"
Dean had got the best of all the idiots out there. And he had no idea how he deserved it.
"I don't want to talk to you!" Dean admitted openly, raising his eyebrows. "I don't want, as I said a hundred times, to talk to anyone about it. I'm okay!"
"It didn't fall off, so I guess it's okay." Dean replied and Cas laughed briefly.
Perhaps Dean felt the slight hint of a smile on his lips. Before John disappeared to work, he checked on Dean. He told him again that Dean could always call work if anything was wrong. Dean would never do it, but still he nodded as if it was an option for him.
"He took an overdose." he whispered to himself. His gaze wandered to the floor, as if there were any answer. Like maybe the tiles could explain to him what the fucking hell  was going on.
Only one pair of blue eyes was still on him and he tried to ignore it.
"The stunt? The stunt?! Is this what it was for you, a fucking stunt? A prank that went totally wrong?! That's what happened?!"
Dean took a deep breath.
"You love to cuddle, right?" Dean interrupted the silence and Cas started laughing.
"Are you okay?" Dean asked. There was a long pause, filled with silence. Maybe John hadn't expected his son to ask or he didn't want to answer. Dean didn't know.
"You're neither." We just sat there for a while and Dean didn't know if he held his hand or the other way around. Then he came to the conclusion that they held each other. Because maybe both of them, just needed a friend. A friend that was also kind of broken.
Dean was left alone in bed and actually thid would have been the moment to pull his sleeves down if he would have them. Maybe he should just endure it.
Dean should have known.
Dean frowned and looked at it, wondering what to do. What the fuck has he done? What the fuck was wrong with him?
Sam came up to him and hugged him slowly, as if he didn't want to scare his big brother. Dean also put his arm around him. Dean realized he had no idea who was holding who at the moment.
Part of him was seriously thinking about just waiting here. His father wouldn't see him, he wouldn't have to annoy anyone with his presence.
Sam opened the passenger door and leaned against the car roof with his forearm. Sam was smart, but sometimes not smart enough. He tried not to curse when he flinched and immediately pulled his arm away from the hot car roof. Dean looked at him with a raised eyebrow, not saying anything, his head still resting on his knee.
"It's just... you are so hurt yourself and I don't wanna make it worse. I don't want you to understand me. I don't want you to know what is going on in my head. You don't have to know it. What you know is bad enough."
After a while they pulled away. And while they were breathing the same air, the two of them just looked at each other and started to grin like two idiots.
A few days after Dean was released from the hospital, he got an appointment with a therapist and decided to go alone. The wait was a little longer, but he had promised Cas. John was happy when he heard it.
And from that moment on Dean somehow knew that it would be okay. And to be honest, all of that was thanks to Cas because he was the annoying appendage he was. If he hadn't tried, Dean wouldn't have ended up here. In a meadow with friends and a pretty boy.
"I just want to help you, Dean. Why are you so against it?" his father asked desperately and Dean realized how he became increasingly aggressive. As if it was burning and the fire would come towards him and there was no way out, no point that didn't glow. He could feel the heat.
"Me too."
"Yeah, it's fine." Dean said, but she just raised her eyebrows at him. "We talked about it. It wasn't that important." Dean assured her until she smiled, whereupon she distributed dough in the pan. Dean watched as the dough spread around, hear the sizzling noice.
And there it happened. In the middle of the forest, watched by a squirrel, Dean dropped his mask.
Now they were sitting here, smoking, totally fucked.
Even though Cas knew Dean was asleep he still kissed his forhead, played with his hair, rubbed his back, whispered little I loves you's.
"I'm feeling better now." Cas said and Dean had to laugh.
"You okay, Gabe?" he asked and tore his eyes away from Castiel to look at the other boy who was also sitting on the grass. He had scraped his knee, but it would survive. Gabriel laughed and gave Dean a thumb up, so Dean did the same.
"Cas?" Dean tried to get his attention back.
"Not there." Dean answered and looked at the house. "The car is big enough."
Dean didn't want to look at him. It's hard to tell anything emotional or stressful when you have to look someone in the eye. That's why he looked away, hoping Cas wouldn't change it.
"We don't like to talk about that, do we?" Cas said with a sad smile and Dean swallowed hard. "But I can talk about it with you. And you can talk to me about it. I can come with you if you want." He drew small circles onto Dean's leg with his finger.
"Take some pancakes, you're definitely hungry." She changed the topic and Dean wouldn't let her tell him twice.
It was all so quiet when your brain shut up. It was so quiet when your heart calmed down.
And suddenly it felt like he was in their old house in Kansas. Like he was roaming the house to find his mom. His heart started to beat faster and he was following  the smell of cotton candy. At some point the smell got so strong that Dean just opened a door and then he saw her hanging there. Just like about two years ago, exactly the same picture. The picture that he tried to suppress so much.
His father would never react like that if it were only alcohol. This wasn't the John Winchester Dean knew.
After that he went to his room and before he fell asleep he cried because he was the new guy. A stranger. And he let it get the better of him.
Dean looked at the other boy's hand, which was still on his knee, and put his gently over it.
His mind was so far away that he wondered if this was really reality. But then he snapped out of it, sat up straight and cleared his throat.
"Yeah, I know." Dean assured him. "I just want to- I don't know. No matter what this is, I kind of want it to be just us, you know? Does that sound stupid?"
"You too." Dean mumbled and felt that familiar lump in his throat again. "I don't know what to say."
His mind jumped back to yesterday. Dean had spent the whole day in his bed and slept. Something felt wrong. Everything felt wrong and probably it was. His home was in Lawrence, instead he rotted in a house in a completely different part of America. His school and all the people he knew were there.
"Distract me, please." Dean sounded desperate, not really like himself.
"Let me help you, please." Cas whispered and Dean nodded.
Dean felt sick. Somewhat disgusted, he ran down the stairs again, towards the kitchen where he prepared a new drink directly to wash away the disgusting taste. Suddenly Cas was right next to Dean, frowning.
"Because I see more in you than this sad boy. You are more than that. You aren't just this horrible story. You're more than that, you just have to find this something. I'll help you find it." Dean swallowed hard. He had no idea how he could deserve someone like Cas. Cas stroked Dean's hair. "And I'm going to tell you something that will upset you. You have to go to therapy. It's not a want, Dean. You gotta do it. You can't do it alone."
"Is this really okay for you?" It bursted out of Dean and Cas immediately turned around.
"Were they nice to you at least?" Dean asked while he shoved a full spoon into his mouth.
"I didn't mean that." he mumbled, putting out the cigarette. He didn't light a new one. Dean buried my head in his hands. A piece of sanity left him and flew away into the sky. "I really didn't mean it like that."
Before it got worse, before he got lost in all the thought and pain, Dean found himself in the bathroom. With blood on his arms and hands. With paper towels that were full of red spots. Surrounded by complete silence.
"Unfortunately we aren't at home anymore, otherwise I would have apologized to every fucking wall long ago!" Dean got louder. He was mad, he was hurt and he was alone. "Every piece of furniture, preferably every fucking plate that has landed on the floor!"
Dean didn't care that Castiel saw it. Castiel seemed to deal with it calmly instead of causing a scene and if Dean was honest with himself, he was thankful for it.
"Nothing." Dean whispered and Cas raised his eyebrows. "I trust you, Cas. I want you to know that."
When Dean woke up and Cas was about to get up, he hugged him closer and said a simple word that at that moment meant so much:
"I don't know." He said quitly, unaware if his was lying or not. John put his hand on Cas shoulder and Cas tried way to hard not to flinch. He would have understood it better if John would have punched him in the face.
After the teacher arrived she asked Dean to share some information about himself, which he just did. When people heard that I was eighteen, he heard a short whisper, but that quickly stopped when Mrs. MacLeod did the standard introduction: Rules, schedule and so on.
"Did someone really say that to you?" That was Castiel' only question, and now Dean stared at him with a frown. Where are the insults or the lack of understanding Dean got from everyone else on this planet. Why didn't he just say what everyone else always said?
"I'm fine with walking."
Cas kissed Dean's forehead.
Dean asked himself a bunch of questions. Would Castiel leave him alone at school now? Would he say something? Would he tell someone? What did he think? Why is he so silent now? Normally he would annoy the shit out of Dean. Did Castiel ever annoy Dean, though?
"Exactly."
His family continued to break, Sam was in the hospital, John broke more and more every day, even though he didn't say a word. And Dean, well, he was just completely fucked up.
"Yes, me too." Cas muttered. "But I got my shit back together, that's the most important thing. I'm not an asshole anymore, I didn't fail school, my grandparents live quietly again. Oh, and I have a great boyfriend."
"Why am I here?" he asked, face still burried in his hands.
"Thank you." Dean broke away from him and he looked at him in confusion until Cas started to grin.
"Do you want to sit with us?" Castiel asked again.
To be honest, it felt wrong for Dean to do something he enjoyed for ages. It had constantly felt like he didn't deserve it.
"Do you want to sleep in the car forever?" John asked and Dean looked up.
"It's always either too loud or too quiet, too much or too little, sometimes it's so much that it's way too much and I feel like my brain is overloaded. Like it will explode or I will die, because it is just too much to function."
It said and Dean actually thought about it for a second.
After a while Dean realized where he was and snuggled closer to Cas' chest, hoping he might fall asleep again.Cas was a late riser and Dean just had to accept that. Just as he had to accept that he wouldn't fall asleep again.
"How are you?" Dean asked immediately, examining Sam from top to bottom. He had a needle in his arm, a bag hanging over his bed. He looked a little sallow.
Their father was always getting fake upset about it. Dean always knew that, of course, but Sam suddenly made a secret thing out of it. He made plans on how to to get that one chocolate bar out of the closet and always told Dean, sometimes asking him if he would distract dad.
"Of course."
Dean noticed how people tried to be nice by smiling at him briefly, but he had no real need to make friends, so he didn't return a smile. Everyone knew each other and probably had their groups, so he decided to make his own. Dean was the only member.
He thought he would find out when he was supposed to. He had no right to ask any questions. For a moment, Dean wondered if he should honestly tell Cas that he cared about him too. Their trust was probably mutual.
Sam went to school after only two days at home. He also started to meet with his classmates again. At lunch, Dean looked over at Sam a few times and saw him talking to the blonde girl. She still smiled at him the same way she did a week ago. Sam was still staring at her just as stupidly.  Sam had even brought her home once when John was still at work. Dean hadn't said anything.
"He's not talking." Sam said as they sat together on the couch. It almost sounded like a confession. "He hasn't eaten anything in days. He doesn't drink either. Most of the time he just lies in bed, sometimes he sits outside for hours and smokes. He doesn't want me to be with him. When I'm there, he ignores me. I don't even know if it's ignoring or if he might not even notice me. He only tells my dad to go. That was all he said for the past few days. 'Leave'. In a continuous loop." He explained with way to many hand gestures.
He woke up in the evening and noticed after a while that he still was alone. Slowly Dean started to feel even more lonely than he already did. Even if he would want to talk, nobody would be there. He couldn't expect that someone was always there for him all the fucking time. And if it got bad, he could still call Sam.
"Do it." Dean invited him as he threw my arms in the air and turned around. Castiel looked at him with a frown, his backpack loose over one shoulder.
Was it a lie? Was it something Dean got from some movie or book? Time heals all wounds, maybe it was this saying. This wound couldn't heal. No matter how much Dean licked it, it wouldn't heal. Sometimes it felt to Dean like it was only getting worse. Getting infected, festering, rotting away.
He breathed quickly, could feel the sweat forming on his forehead. He leaned against the wall as he removed the gloves Cas had given him.
His eyes went back to Gabe.
"Are they nice?" Sam asked after a while and Dean nodded. Honestly, Dean didn't want to talk about it anymore because he didn't want to give Sam false hope either. It could all quickly come to nothing.
"I know, you're taking mine." Cas said and Dean didn't answer. He looked down at his phone again, hoping something would change but it didn't. Suddenly Dean felt Cas' hand on his shoulder again and he looked up. "Text me, okay?"
One day Dean was sitting alone on the meadow with Gabe while the other boys were playing soccer.
"May be." Dean mumbled.
Dean wanted it so much and he noticed how his eyes jumped between Cas' eyes and his lips, but Dean didn't dare. Even if he thought that he would just do it, Dean didn't. He was fucking scared and this fear overwhelmed him. What if he did it and Cas didn't want it? Then Dean would have lost the only "friend" he possibly had here. And then the whole trip would be fucked up and everything would be fucked up and-
"Sammy..."
Dean wanted to hug him, but didn't dare. What if he didn't want it?
"I shouldn't have said that."
They seperated and Dean could hardly wait until the school day was finally over.
Today they were in Castiel's house. They laid on his bed, rather Dean was more on him than on his bed.
He looked more like an empty shell, than a human being.
"I didn't take drugs." Dean said sheepishly, as if anyone here would believe him. Dean looked over at her a little unobtrusively, whereupon she just smiled at him sadly. "I fucked up."
They stared down the street where nothing happened. It was seven, the bright blue was slowly leaving the sky. You could already see the moon lightly. There were some people talking in their garden, probably drinking a beer together. Dean could smell grilled meat.
"Do you really want to walk all the way?" Cas asked shocked.
"Everything's fine."
"You can trust me, Dean. I promise." Cas said empathically, and Dean nodded because he knew.
And even if he tried, it would never be enough and Dean knew that. The question is, is that important? Or was Dean just selfish right now?
The nausea got worse.
"I don't know an exact reason. She had always been sad, but you know that."
"Stop it, Dean!" He tried to interfere somehow and took a step forward.
"Your first day? How was it?" John repeated and Dean swallowed.
He had probably sent Sam upstairs so he could talk to Dean.
Cas sighed. He pulled Dean's desk chair toward him and slowly sat on it. Dean didn't say anything, he didn't really care.
Sam detached himself and grabbed a box from the trunk, after which he disappeared back into the house. He said nothing to Dean, neither expecting anything.
Dean looked over at Sam, who was stuffing a candy bar into his mouth. Dean had no idea where he got it again, but it was Sam. He was just happy that his little brother was here. That everything turned out okay. Maybe they could ignore it.
"I'm sorry, Sammy." Dean mumbled again and he could feel his brother nodding against his neck. "I didn't want this to happen."
"What's going on?" Cas asked, scared and if Dean wouldn't be so fucking high and angry, he would have been so fucking sorry.
John had put his arm around Dean's shoulder and they slowly walked towards the house. It felt like there was an invisible wall between Dean and the house, because he felt so repelled. As if the house hated him as much as he hated it. Actually, that didn't matter because Dean entered it anyway.
But John didn't ask any of that.
And since then there have been scars that were a little newer than the other new scars. Towels were soaked in blood, the book was put back on the shelf.
"Winchester's fine." He laughed and patted Dean on the shoulder.
When they arrived, John looked at Dean first. Dean didn't react, still had his head leaning against the window. His arms were wrapped around himself.
"Maybe." Cas frowned and Dean noticed that Cas hadn't even looked at him for the whole conversation.
"Dean." he finally got over himself and Castiel smiled slightly.
So he sat in the living room on the couch and ate cereal while he waited for his father to come home with Sam.
"Does he know... you know?"
They left shortly afterwards and maybe Cas already knew then, that it had to get worse, before it could get better.
"Okay, cool. No problem. Maybe another time." Castiel said nicely and disappeared when Dean showed no reaction. Maybe tomorrow would be diffrent.
Dean had told Sam that no matter what, if anything was wrong, he should come to him immediately or make sure someone let Dean know. At school, Dean always was the big brother. Plus, it was Sam's first day of high school.
"Because I don't know what else to do." He finally said and that was probably the most honest thing he has ever said on the matter. And he said it to someone he only knew for a month.
"I'm okay." his father said tersely. After that he told Dean the name of the hospital and they hung up.
Dean's heart hurt. Like it would break apart at any moment, but wouldn't know how. As if the last shock was missing. It was unbearable. It felt like he couldn't breathe. As if his own breath could be the last shock and his body tried so hard to protect his heart.
Somehow Dean wanted to show him that he would like to be alone with him. Of course his father already knew that, which is why he announced that he would get a coffee.
"Can I make a suggestion?" Cas asked carefully and Dean just nodded. Cas' hand was still on his knee and Dean was staring at it. He hoped he wouldn't take it away. Dean didn't know that physical contact could help him so much.
When he woke up the sun had already risen.
"You had a breakdown."
"Where the hell did you have that stuff from?" he asked justified.
"I do, I do." Dean assured him.
"I'll tell him, I promise."
That's exactly what Dean's old therapist had said to John.
"I don't stare at her." Sam defended himself, but Dean just tilted his head.
Cas had persuaded Dean to put on one of his shirts to sleep. Of course Dean had refused the offer until Cas said that he should just take it. That he knew what Dean's problem was.
Dean knew Sam could do it all. Sam was smarter than him, so he didn't have to repeat a grade. Unlike Dean.
"Listen here, I am your big brother. I have a role to play." Sam rolled his eyes, but laughed. "But if I slip out of this role for a moment, maybe there's some poor girl out there who will hopelessly fall in love with you and-"
"Why aren't you at school?" Dean asked in a tired, raspy voice.
Cas jerked him off a few times before he let go and Dean whimpered. They kissed.
"Yeah." Cas answered almost immediately.
Oh shit. Dean realied that this was a situation he couldn't save himself from or talk himself out of it. Maybe he should just pass out again.
"I don't know." Dean answered honestly. "I don't want him to get his hopes up."
"How was your first day at work." Sam asked their father to distract him and Dean couldn't have loved him more at that moment. When John started talking, Sam and Dean's eyes met, whereupon Sam winked at him with a cheeky grin.
So pretty and he could swear it smelled like hot chocolate for a split second.
Benny spoke to him at some point, but he sounded like Dean's are were clogged. Benny asked if everything was okay and laughed when he noticed how drunk Dean was. That guy was no better.
There was a knock on the door and his father came in. Dean didn't react or sit up, just laid there until John sat down on my bed. Even then, he didn't look at him. Not because he was angry, he didn't want to see what he had done.
It was quiet, you could hear the rain drops hitting the window.
"Will you talk to me then?" Dean asked. Cas didn't nod instantly, but he did in the end. "We just talk to each other, right?"
That was the whole point. Dean didn't want it to work. The darkest part of him, wants to ruin everything. To break everything and everyone apart, until they were as broken as he was. So they could finally fucking understand.
Until his phone rang.
Dean and Cas were just them.
When they ate the pizza, it was almost as if nothing had ever happened. As if Sam hadn't just came home from the hospital. As if he hadn't been there or nothing bad ever happened.
He wanted to know what was behind it.
Cas rested his head on Dean's shoulder and closed his eyes. Dean let him, he enjoyed it. As if Cas, his pure presence, would ensure that the campfire in Dean didn't go out.
"Well then, thank you."
, Dean thought. No, that couldn't be the reason. Sam had always shared with Dean.
There was no wind, you could hear nothing except a few crickets. It was full moon and it felt like they could see all the stars in their galaxy. It was so bright, almost uncommon that it was the middle of the night. Some of the houses were still lit and Dean wondered what was going on in them.
And then he thought of Cas. About the trip. Their first kiss. How they lie in his bed and cuddle. About moments where everything had felt right, as if everything in the universe was in its place. There were moments when Dean was okay. Mostly those were the moments when Cas stroked his hair, when Cas told him some stupid story from his life, when they kissed.
him. But who else should do it?
"I promise." he said after a while and in this tiny moment, he thought he was honest.
"I know." And then he looked at Dean and he wasn't mad or anything, he was just sad. And Dean hated it because he was the reason. He stroked Dean's hair again until he put his hand on his own chest.
Dean realized how unreal everything was in that moment. A few weeks ago Dean felt like he would hate it here. That he would hate everyone and everything. That nothing would ever become normal again.
Dean was sure that Cas was way too good for him. Cas took care of him, whether he wanted it or not. But if he left his pride behind and was honest, Dean wanted that. Someone who cares about him. Cas was careful, but maybe that's just what Dean needed.
He wanted it to be something like that so he could give Sam a lecture once, but tease him about it afterwards.
Would you do so much out of pity?
Dean grabbed the pack of cigarettes and walked a few feet until he sat down on the damp grass. It was light, so he sleepily shut his eyes.
After a while he heard footsteps in front of his door, which tore him out of his depressive thoughts. The door opened seconds later and Sam stuck his head in his room.
"Cool." Castiel smiled briefly and Dean, for the first time, returned that smile. He wondered who could be so nice voluntarily. Castiel didn't come across as a selfish soul. Rather the opposite. Humble.
"You know what happened, right?" she asked.
"I've also been very, very sad, Dean. I understand you, believe me. I know what people do to make them feel better. It's all sick, if we want to see it that way."
He straightened up and stretched.
Dean was alone in their Impala and stared at the house, which was to become his new home. Luckily, his father didn't call it that after they got there. Dean felt like he would vomit soon, wasn't even sure if he was imagining the nausea or if it was really there. He never hated a building so much.
Nothing had changed. At school he didn't sit alone at lunch anymore. They just sat on their table and talked about plans for the weekend or about the new teacher that nobody liked. Cas didn't make a big deal out of what he had seen and didn't talk about it anymore. He didn't act as if he had to take care of Dean, but Dean still thought he did. Or did he just want him to do it?
John turned away from Dean and stared at the floor. Dean frowned and swallowed hard after a while. His father couldn't tell him.
If someone had told Dean that this would happen, he wouldn't has believed the person for a second. Fuck, he hadn't even believed Sam.
Cas let his grandmother know they were there. She asked him if they were hungry, he answered no and they both disappeared into his room. But Dean catched his grandma's smile.
Dean found himself playing with the blanket and slowly nodding.
"Yeah. When I was with my ex, I was really scared to ask her if he could stay here. She didn't care and said that." Cas explained.
"I don't want that." Dean thought, but in the next moment he noticed that he said it out loud. He didn't care, Cas knew anyway. Dean saw in Cas' eyes that he knew. That he knew exactly what state Dean was in right now.
"No, seriously, what if you get yourself a cute little boyfriend?"
"I'll let your father know you're awake." Was the only thing she said before she left.
A few days passed.
"Oh my god." Dean playfully rolled his eyes and looked back into the hallway.
"Make a list. We can work everything off. God, fuck, I want to work it all off."
"So you weren't drunk yesterday." Dean joked and Cas looked up.
Dean didn't want to talk about it. He hated that there was anything to talk about. He just wanted to be normal, like in Kansas.
"How can you sleep so long?" Dean played along and Cas laughed lightly and Dean fell in love all over again.
During the break, they sat together on the lawn of the school grounds. Dean realized that he really had to pull himself together to not stare at Cas constantly.
On Monday Dean decided to go back to school.
"Sorry, I didn't mean that." Dean apologized and Cas smiled.
And in the most inappropriate time, Dean fell in love.
"Have you ever taken mushrooms?" Dean shook his head, looking at the digusting, slimy shroom. "Absolutely disgusting."
"No, thanks. It's fine." Dean shook his head, whereupon she smiled softly and they said their goodbye's.
"According to the fight earlier, I don't understand a lot." Dean didn't want to face the fact that he had hurt his little brother on.
"Sit wherever you want." Dean answered shortly and Castiel smiled for a moment, before he sat down and the teacher already entered the classroom.
"I have a punching bag." he smiled slightly. "I don't use it often anymore, it's pretty quiet right now."
"We both did." Cas explained and started to fiddle with his thumbs. "Even if it wasn't dramatic, it was a shitty time."
"What'a going on?" Cas asked softly. Nobody would have heard if they spoke normally. Dean didn't know why he spoke quietly, but he was grateful, because it was so fucking loud in his head.
After about forty minutes of walking silently to the Winchester's house, he was still angry and slammed the door open. Castiel flinched hard.
"For sure?"
"Okay." John agreed in the end.
"I haven't seen you this good in forever. Sometimes I hear you chuckle on the phone at night. This is good, I told you it could be good."
Dean laid in his bed and thought about how it could be if everything went well. As if everything somehow made sense. Everything bad that had happened. Cas could make everything good again. He could make it so that Dean might be okay again.
There would be nobody who could say or do the right thing. No therapy that would make Dean forget what he had seen. What he had felt. No one would ever be able to comprehend how lost and lonely Dean felt every fucking day.
Cas kissedhis knee, the body part closest to him.
What was it? He had been out all day, maybe made friends, found someone to help him, to understand him, not to label him right away, and yet something was wrong. There was always something wrong.
Dean was mad at himself because he couldn't be the strong one.
Sam expected Dean to say something. He looked at his older brother with so much hope, but Dean couldn't tell him what he wanted to hear and he didn't want to give him false hopes either. He would like to tell Sam that eventually everything will be okay. Normal. That he would eventually manage to get over everything. But Dean didn't see that point in his life.
"I think she likes you." Dean said and Sam's head snapped back to Dean.
Later that evening, Sam and Dean sat on the roof. This time, Dean didn't had a cigarette in his mouth, because he knew how much Sam hated it.
Dean did
Dean remembered his first cigarette. He had smoked it when he was sixteen with a buddy who had stolen it from his dad. Crowley, that little fucker. They'd shared it, too, and Dean liked it. Crowley not so much.
"I know. It's a shitty feeling." Cas agreed and his warm hand found its way back to Dean's shoulder. "In such moments I always think that it's nice that there are at least moments when everything feels okay for a while."
"Concentrate on something else, the woman up front doesn't matter." Castiel said and Dean's brain was rejecting the thought of looking at him, but he did anyway.
"Yeah." Cas said softly and nodded slightly.
In the last two weeks, Dean had sometimes sat with him and his friends, but he had also declined him equally often. Dean even believed that he was quite harsh sometimes, but at this moment he couldn't care. Right now he was way too tired to be mean or play the asshole.
Sure, it hurt like hell, but Cas wouldn't leave Dean alone. He wouldn't just leave him to the horrible pain. At that moment, Dean realized that not the place here was his safe bubble.
"Yeah." he answered while he took the mug.
Suddenly Dean started to cry. Not like normal people cry, but like a waterfall. As if he would drown in it. He broke down staring at this pile in front of his eyes.
"Cool." Cas smile with satisfaction. "Whenever you have time."
Sometimes they talked until late into the night, until you could hear the birds outside, because they wouldn't be able to fall asleep when the other was so deep in their thoughts. Sometimes Dean fell asleep and when he woke up Caswas still on the line.
"I came home from school. I always came home half an hour earlier than Sam and I always spent them with my mom. We talked about school, work, and laughed. It was perfect."
Sam sat down again and they looked at each other for a while.
Cas was his safe place.
And then Dean started to cry.
"Not here." He was right, Dean tried to be an asshole. Maybe this Castiel guy would leave him finally alone.
He bought his first pack when he was eighteen, when he was starting to go downhill and had no friends left to give him one now and then when they hung out.
"What about you Dean Winchester, who never talks about himself. Do you have someone?"
"I don't know what he did." Dean heard him say and he didn't know if it just made him more confused or desperate.
They were five guys. Castiel, Gabriel, Michael, Benny and Dean. Castiel's friends were okay and didn't ask personal questions. That was probably one of the reasons why it was so easy for Dean to get involved into the meeting. He didn't had to be scared that this would turn into a therapy session by accident.
"I'm not trying anything."
"I hate it." Cas said softly at some point and Dean swallowed hard. "I hate that you think you have to hide it from me. I don't want you to think that, because it's not like that. I don't want you to hide anything from me."
Dean really thought about it for a moment, seeing the kindness in his counterpart's blue eyes.
"I'm sorry." Dean said after a while. He didn't know what else to say. Actually, there was nothing in this world that Dean could have said.
For a moment, Dean seemed very suspicious of all this. As if it were a trap. But Castiel's complete expression spoke a different language. He just wanted to be the nice one. The one dude at every school who was nice to the new kid.
Of course, Cas immediately jumped out of bed and ran to their house.
"He just wanted a fresh start." Sam started and actually Dean had no desire for a profound conversation, but it was two o'clock in the morning and around this time, brains work different.
Slowly Dean raised his head and looked at him.
"That would be my grandma." Castiel explained with a laugh and helped Dean up.
Nobody realized how done Sam actually has been the entire fucking time.
On the weekend, Dean and Cas texted a little. His father didn't mention the subject of therapy and Sam disappeared all the time. Dean spent his time in his room or the roof.
"You are not alone, Dean." Cas clarified and Dean nodded again. If Dean didn't know any better, he would have said the world stopped at that moment. Just for a little while and it was the thing Dean needed to most in that second.
"I didn't leave, because I didn't thought she was serious. I mean, where the fuck was I supposed to go? Then she called for my stepfather and told him to kick me out, he did that, but before that he literally kicked me. She didn't care."
"What is the definition of some time ago?"
"I didn't mean the things I said. I didn't want to hurt you, I didn't want to hurt anyone. I don't know what the hell was going on with me." Dean needed to clearify that
Cas smiled gently.
In the evening, when Dean was already in bed and just wanted to sleep, he texted with Cas. Cas just asked him if he was okay, Dean said he was. And after that, he had asked Cas if they wanted to go to school together the next morning. Although Dean was sure that at the end of the school day he would have no idea what he had done there, Sam would have gone too.
After what seemed like an eternity, Cas let go of Dean's arm. Dean pulled his sleeve down and cleared his throat.
When he disappeared from the room, Sam moved slightly back so Dean could sit down with him.
"Of course." he said softly.
Two months ago Dean didn't know him yet and now he was sitting here with Cas and drinking beer. He trusted a stranger and the stranger trusted him.
"Do you need something, kiddo?" She asked carefully and he shook his head.
Dean realized how Cas opened his pants and slowly slipped them off his legs with his underwear and suddenly Dean realized that he was completely naked there. For a second, Dean thought that he was going to go nuts, but then he felt Cas crawl back onto the bed and put his lips on Dean's.
And while in the end it hadn't changed anything about Dean's situation, it had changed something at the moment. Because for a few minutes, Dean didn't think about what had happened. He just thought about how blood gathered in the fresh wounds and felt nothing else except the warm liquid running down his arms.
"But I want you to promise me a thing." Cas said and Dean listened attentively. "Come to me when it gets bad."
Dean I leaned forward to kiss him again. Short and soft. Innocent.
"I worked outside when Sam came home from school." His father started and Dean closed his eyes. "I went in later and he came down the stairs. He was quiet and wanted to go out. He put on his shoes, but I could tell something was wrong. I think he didn't realize that I was there, watching him. When he looked up and saw me, he just stared at me and then he passed out."
It was all so sweet and fresh, like those stupid love movies. It felt so warm, like the sun was finally coming out behind the dark clouds of Dean's mind. It smelled like mulled wine, tasted like waffles with sugar and cinnamon.
"Of course! I can't put my boy on the street. I'm not his mother." she said. Dean knew that she hated Cas' mother. Dean was pretty sure all of them hated her. They were the opposite of a fanclub at this point.
"What's wrong with him?" Dean asked more emphatically and turned to the other direction. As if he was alone now. He is gonna break, but he can't. He would have broken if he would have still looked at Cas. "Dad, tell me."
It was raining all night, so everything was muddy the next morning. Sam didn't say it but Dean knew he would have rather taken the school bus than walk all the way with his brother. Sam, however, didn't complain.
At some point they ended the make out session. Their heads shared one of Cas' billions of pillows.
He tried to hide his proud smile.
"May be, but I know that for sure." Dean shrugged and Cas grinned so hard it hurt his face.
Either they were at his or Dean's place. John was just glad Dean had some kind of friend and didn't ask annoying questions, that Dean didn't want to answer yet. When they played video games, Sam sometimes sat down and Cas and Sam seemed to get along quite well. But they didn't say anything and they tried to behave inconspicuously.
, and kept talking. "Sam, my head, just everything. I don't want to go through that."
"Not so chatty." The guy laughed. He was probably already drunk. Dean took a sip. Cas looked over at me briefly and smiled at him. It calmed Dean down for a second, meaning the guy isn't a well known asshole.
But for that, they needed to deal with it. All of them. Mostly Dean.
"How are you feeling?" His father asked as he sat on the edge of the bed.
Dean and Cas went to sleep after some time.
"But what if-"
It was a nice Saturday evening. Dean and Cas spent all day together. They were good for each other. In fact, Cas even managed to help Dean with the schoolwork he missed far too often. But they mostly just made out.
Dean saw Castiel's eyes grow wide and he swallowed hard, but he said nothing. Cas studied Dean's arm for a long time without saying a word, until he carefully grabbed his wrist, turning Dean's arm a little with a soft motion. Not judgmental, not degrading, he just looked at the bandage.
As if he was just visiting here and it wouldn't make a difference if his clothes stayed in the suitcase or neatly in the closet. It didn't fucking matter.
Christmas at home was weird for Dean. Officially, there were no gifts, John just couldn't. Instead, Dean and Sam met on the first day of Christmas and Dean gave Sam a chocolate bar, so he they wouldn't have to steal one for this night. Sam gave Dean new headphones, so he wouldn't buy some for three dollars in some cheap store.
Cross-legged on the bed. He looked in Dean's direction and smiled gently. Dean ran towards him and immediately fell around his neck. Dean was just glad to see Sam sitting in one piece in front of him. While his head still rested on Sam's shoulder, he opened his eyes and looked at his dad, who was sitting in the corner of the room. John gave his son a short nod.
"I am." Cas smiled back and put a second finger into him.
Dean started to play around with his fingers that were shaking a little. Cas put his hand on Dean's shoulder and stopped the movement.
Cas stood up first, whereupon he held out his hand to Dean, who accepted it. Cas pulled him up.
Dean just looked at him for a felt eternity until he started to nod.
"It doesn't matter what we do to make us feel better."
"You're really going to school?" Cas asked, maybe a bit worried.
"Just because you're new doesn't mean that you get a special treatment!" said Mrs Hanscum, his teacher and ripped Dean out of his thoughts and memories.
"I don't want to talk." Dean said quitly, still looking at his hands, focusing on them, then the floor, then on them again. For a second Dean glanced at Cas, then back to the floor.
He knew where they came from, so he didn't ask questions.
They just kissed, as if both had been waiting for it forever. Dean wouldn't call it a hard, passionate kiss, though. It was, no idea, full of love, although love is an extreme word. It was just soft and careful. Dean couldn't describe it.
"Someday." Dean mumbled quietly to himself, looking and their hands.
, he thought
For a moment he was sure that the boy next to him wanted to intervene, but didn't. Perhaps Dean had only wished for it.
He had been so afraid to leave their old house. With all his strength he had clung to pieces of furniture and holy shit, did he cry. Dean remembered screaming, but he can't recall what he, or anyone else, said. John tried it first, but in the end it was Sam who got him into the car.
Again Dean felt his eyes fill with tears. However, he was incredibly relieved when Cas finally got over and sat on the bed with him. Cas ran his hand through his own hair.
"Absolutely not."
"I love you, Sammy." Sam nodded and wrapped his arms around Dean again. "We're gonna be okay."
"I know, Cas." Dean tried to laugh and actually managed to reasonably, because Cas sounded so sweet when he was uncertain and excited. "It's alright, I trust you."
"Did you really break up with Balthazar?"
Dean had no plan, he didn't want anything, except that it stops. And it did.
"But the next day, when you gave me that half-speech after school." Dean rolled his eyes as Cas reminded him of that cheezy fact again. Cas laughed briefly, and grabbed Dean's hand. "That's when I knew you were serious. And it was really cute."
"Do you think he is sleeping?" Sam asked his question. He sounded worried.
Their Dad was good. No matter what or how much he had to do, he always found time for Sam and Dean. Every fucking evening (until Dean turned eleven and thought he was to old for this shit) he played hide-and-seek with them and then read them a good night's story.
Dean still couldn't really believe that Cas existed in his life. He said that too often, and every fuckng time Cas just gave Dean a silly grin. Dean could also hear his smile through his phone, he could see it when it was already dark.
He wanted it that way. Cas was great, probably one of the best people he has ever met. He was kind, but not superficial kind, but really, really kind. He took care of his friends, he had a smile that could save the whole world, he didn't judge. Dean couldn't imagine that it could be different. That he could be angry, shout at someone.
"And I've never had anything against gays. Whether girls or boys, there are only two rules. 1) If you hurt one of my boys without a good reason, I'll hurt you. 2) If they hurt you without a good reason, God help them."
Dean just nodded, reloaded the gun, and closed the trunk. Without waiting for Sam, he entered the warehouse and looked around quietly. Light fell through the skylights of the hall and made everything disappear into a strange penumbra. Here and there stood a wooden box, some on the ground, others on shelves that reached up to the ceiling. Otherwise, the hall seemed empty.
One hit the gun out of Dean's hand, another grabbed Sam and threw him through the air. Before Dean could react somehow, Sam crashed into his body, and they fell to the ground. Dean's hand landed on Sam's chest, which made him scream in agony. Dean tore his hand away immediately, but Sam's eyes had already rolled back in his head, and he had passed out.
Sam sighed guiltily and got to his feet. His hand was still stinging from the touch. It felt like someone had rammed a red-hot knife through his fingers, up to his wrist. But he hadn't wanted to show Dean the pain so obviously. By now he had to know how his brother would react when he accidentally touched him. It was maddening.
"The first aid kit is in my bag, wait," said Sam.
"Cas! Wait!" Dean heard himself call, even before his head could decide otherwise.
"Didn't think you were such a crybaby, Winchester."
"What does that mean?" Castiel asked straight out, without responding to Dean's angry glare.
Sam nodded and gave Dean a pitying look. However, he shrugged his shoulders and leaned back on the bed.
"It's okay, you were in pain. People just react irritably in certain situations."
"The werewolves...it...it was an ambush. One of them threw Sam on me...while...I...I had my hand on his chest...Cas...I...Help him, please!" Dean stammered, much too fast and anxious.
"So actually you can't do that, Cas," Sam threw in now and earned confused looks on his part. "I looked through a few books and found what could be your...problem."
"When you talk about the devil," muttered Phil. "Let's get out of here before she'll come over and try to get involved. Bye, you two, see you."
"It's enough! I'm going to get my own room," he muttered, turned around, and stomped off.
"Five...maybe one, two more or less. I can't say for sure."
A growl came from Dean's lips when he heard that.
"No, it's not a good idea, but what else can we do? I won't let him bleed to death and I'm sure you are on my side on this. Besides, why should the touch cause me pain?" Castiel now expressed his thoughts. "Dean...doesn't really think highly of me, does he? Otherwise, he would act differently towards me. I don't think he likes me so much that I'll feel something."
In fact, the angel stopped and turned back to him. There was a mixture of surprise and relief in his face, which Dean couldn't just ignore.
"No, we will find a way to break it," Sam replied encouragingly.
"D...don't...touch me..." he slurred and shook his head, causing a new wave of dizziness.
However, his mind couldn't understand what that meant. Probably because it was so unbelievable to him.
"What's going on? Was there something wrong? Something supernatural?"
The room fell silent for a while until Castiel took a step forward and reached out a hand to Dean's shoulder. But he jerked back and uttered a startled 'not'. If Cas touched him, he would also cause him pain, and he absolutely didn't want that - he made him hurt enough throughout their time as friends. Cas dropped his hand and gave Dean just a blank look.
"Sure."
"Are you all kidding me today?" he finally muttered annoyed and made his way back.
Castiel looked at him for a moment and then shook his head.
"I just thought...because he hasn't been with us for a long time."
It still took a good twenty minutes until they got to the motel in which they stayed. Sam wanted to help Dean out of the car, but he immediately shook his head.
Wide awake as he was after the healing, he decided to take a shower to at least get the blood from his body. He went with a quick one - wet, soap, wash up, done. With a towel slung around his waist, he stepped out of the shower stall and ignored the slight shiver that ran through his body. Anything else was out of question, because that would have meant he had to go to Sam and Castiel's room, naked, to get some fresh clothes...and he definitely wouldn't do that! This little thought made his mind wander again on other paths, and he silently thanked the fact that the heating in this room was probably not working. If he had stood under the warm water for longer, his thoughts would have moved in different circles again, and as touch starved as he felt at the moment, it would be a shitty idea to give in to this need. It would be a disaster if Cas would appear in the bathroom while he was satisfying himself. Better not!
"Dean."
Another reason to be careful that Cas doesn't touch me, thought Dean, and took another step away from the angel.
Ten minutes later, he and Sam were sitting in the car and waiting for Castiel to finally join them. He had offered to pay for the rooms so that Dean and Sam could stow their bags in the car.
The bang made his ears ring, but at least he wasn't torn to pieces. Dean lay still for a moment to catch his breath, then pushed the dead body off of him and rolled over to the side. With gritted teeth, he pulled himself to his feet and held onto one of the shelves.
The feeling that ate Dean's guts changed suddenly when Castiel's eyes fluttered, and he finally opened them all the way. There was still pain in them, but there was also something else...something Dean couldn't assign.
"Are you okay?" Suddenly a voice came from behind him, and Sam whirled around, ready to defend himself if he had to.
Dean couldn't remember entering the house, but just a moment later he found himself with his back crushed against the wall. Stella's hands wandered over his torso, unbuttoned his shirt, stroked his skin. Dean's breath went faster, unsteady, excited. He felt his pants tighten and prayed that Sam would hurry up. No matter how well he controlled himself, at some point, his body would no longer be able to resist - regardless if he wanted to or not. The hand, which was just on his chest, wandered lower and drew another gasp from him.
The man in front of him just laughed and then got into an attacking pose. He was gracious enough to wait until Dean got up and got ready too. If he managed to distract the werewolf long enough until he could get his pistol...A moment later, the man thundered against him and threw him to the ground. Dean gave him a few kicks and punches, but he wasn't able to harm the monster.
No, he had no further motives for that question. You never knew where the next drunk idiots were waiting. It was dangerous for a girl to be outside at this time, especially all alone.
"Shit!" Gasped Sam.
A shot echoed through the hall and broke against the walls. Moments after the werewolf went down, three more jumped out from behind the shelves.
"What happened?" He asked, looking over the unconscious man.
"You should have realized by now that we don't fit into any statistics." And already Sam's strong arms closed around him and pulled him into a strong, comforting hug. "I'm happy for both of you. Now we just have to make it clear to Dean that his feelings for you are not out of place."
The journey took a little over three hours, during which Sam had time to roll over some books that he - to Dean's chagrin - had stowed in the back seat of the Impala. There weren't many monsters that were specialized in young men...actually none, so they faced another problem.
Slowly he lowered the edge of the shard onto his arm. And already he felt it, this blockage in his brain that wanted to make sure he didn't hurt himself. He paused and continued to stare at the shard and his arm. The blockade remained. It was always there, every time he cut himself to draw the symbols which would banish the angels...every time he had to injure himself to get out of a trap. But in those moments it was easy to overcome. What was a cut compared to death? But now it stayed and seemed insurmountable. It was natural, served to prevent people from harming themselves - even if some tore it down and did it anyway.
"But only almost," he replied.
If it was true that the more he liked the person, the more the pain would be, then Cas would likely be in very great pain. After all, he was crazy about the angel, and when that happened, Dean's feelings couldn't be stopped, even if he didn't want to admit it to himself. Better not to take any risks than to get hurt.
"You mean there is no monster that is generally fixated on young men?" Dean raked.
The whole trip back to the motel, Dean sat in the passenger seat, pressed his crumpled T-shirt onto the wound, and tried to breathe evenly. It was almost unbearable, at least for Castiel. He just wanted to help, as Dean often asked when they argued. He had stopped counting how often Dean accused him of only helping them when he believed it would serve his cause. Now he wanted to help so that Dean felt better, but he didn't allow it. Nevertheless, Castiel tried again. Maybe Dean gave in after all.
"But...," but Castiel interrupted himself. "And you?"
"I'm just taking my time," she replied.
Dean was very well aware that the blood, which was still soaking his shirt and pants, wasn't exactly conducive to his situation. But he trusted the intimidating effect and was not disappointed.
With that in mind, it was easier to push the needle through his skin, and he hated himself for it. Another point on the list, why exactly he hated himself. Fortunately, the wound was sewn up quickly, and he could go back to Sam to at least distract himself a little. The anger at his brother was long gone, which was probably really due to the fact that he had felt it for completely irrational reasons. With a sigh, Dean stuck a large plaster over the seam and left the bathroom again.
"That was the one I didn't get," said Castiel guiltily and caught an unbelieving, but also angry look from Sam. "Dean called me back before...He was afraid for you..."
"Here," he said and turned the book so that Dean and Cas could see the page. "It could be this curse. It causes people who come into contact with your skin to feel pain. The more you like them, the worse the pain gets. That's why the woman in the brothel thought you were pinching her, and I felt like someone had burned my hand. Despite it all, you do like me," Sam tried and failed to lighten the mood.
"What do you say?" He asked and wanted to push her away a bit, but Stella wouldn't let him.
"That...would be very nice. But you don't have to, really not."
"Either we are dealing with a monster that is getting its favorite snack, or it is pure coincidence that it is really only men who disappear."
"If you have to yell at me unnecessarily, at least get dressed!"
The first sentence was his own voice, the second that of his father. Yes, John had often called him a girl when he complained about discomfort, cut, or other wounds. Dean knew that everyone had different pain thresholds and that his own was much higher than that of "normal" people. Still, there was an individual level of pain that no one couldn't stand and that was okay. At least he kept saying this to others to make them feel better. But this knowledge, unfortunately, didn't prevent his thoughts from returning to what his father had said; just as little as it prevented them from bringing his self-reproaches into play.
"And he knows that believe me, Dean is grateful for it. But he can't stand it when someone is in pain because of him. It has always been like that."
"Let go of me, you demon bitch!"
He tried to put the key in the lock once more and was prevented from doing so. But this time, because the door was opened.
"That was me..." Castiel admitted.
Even a blind person would have recognized that he lacked sleep, so dark were the circles under his eyes. He had lost weight, and quite a bit. His legs felt as weak as never in his life and he thought with every step that he would collapse. There was a driven expression in the eyes, which looked back from the mirror.
"She's forty now and still looks like twenty...besides, something happens to anyone she's angry with. She often knows days in advance when a storm is coming or something like that," explained a blonde woman who hadn't introduced herself now. "I saw her once through her window while she was handling one of those witch boards."
Dean got up and went to the small table that was in the corner of the room. He was careful not to touch either Sam or Castiel in any way. The rest of the beer was on the table, from which he grabbed a bottle and drank half of it.
"Damn it, do angels even have a pulse at all?" Dean muttered and let himself sink from the bed to the floor.
"That basically means that I can no longer touch anyone, and vice versa, no one can touch me?"
"I really like gentlemen, Dean,' Stella mumbled, biting his neck lightly. "But you can touch what you see."
He would have loved to run away, but he couldn't bring himself to do that. He couldn't leave Sam and Cas alone. Also all alone, he certainly wouldn't find an antidote or whatever that would free him from the curse.
"You want to know something about the men who are disappearing here," interjected Trish, a real beauty in Dean's eyes.
"Why? It's not the first Witch, and we finished the others on our own too."
"Dean, I wouldn't even have to touch you for a whole second for the cut. I just want to..."
"What? That we're going in there as bait? We don't even know what it is that dragged the men off...we have no idea how to kill it. I'd rather have more information," Sam replied.
"I don't know, but I don't think that werewolves can be so inconspicuous that no neighbor will find out their secret," Sam replied with a grin, simply to ease the mood.
"Dean..."
He noticed that Sam examined Castiel's body and said something, but not what exactly. His full attention was on Castiel. Dean wanted to shake him, to punch him so hard that he just had to wake up from it. But his hands were only inches above Castiel's face. What could he do? Nothing! He was useless!
Castiel knelt in his field of vision and now reached out a hand to Dean, who could no longer back away; just as he couldn't say anything against it, since only painful gasps came over his lips. He only managed to turn away from Castiel a little.
"My brother and I, we are studying criminology, and we have to write cases down and explain and..."
"Dean, I..."
He had strange dreams about things he couldn't describe...colors, sounds, sometimes shadows...things that scared him and made him toss and turn; Things that he believed would eat him alive, even though he didn't even know if they were living beings or something else. But suddenly, there was a familiar rustling, like wings, and then a rough and at the same time soft voice. Shortly after, his nightmares calmed down until they completely disappeared.
Dean snorted and tightened his grip on the steering wheel.
Suddenly there was a bang above him, and the weight was torn from his chest. With the weight, this paralyzing feeling also disappeared. Dean shook his head to get the last of the drowsiness out of his mind as quickly as possible.
Sam and Castiel couldn't prevent their worry from growing. They both hoped this new case would throw Dean off his head. At least he could vent his pent-up feelings on the monsters they killed.
"Who wants to know?" Growled Dean.
Dean felt his breath quicken, and his chest tighten. That couldn't be! He was here to protect Sam, not to kill him! He must be able to do something! Castiel was the only one who could do something for his brother now.
A second later a hand came to rest on his shoulder, causing him to leap in the other direction. He waited for the cry of pain, but he couldn't hear it, or the thud of an unconscious body on the floor. With a curse on his lips, he spun around and was about to yell at whoever had touched him but stopped immediately.
"We have a solution," Castiel explained in a gentle tone. "You probably won't like it, but we have one...the only one to be precise."
"What? I...I'm not..."
"Cas!" He uttered, startled. "How long have you been here?"
The pressure on his body increased until it hurt and he thought his bones would break at any moment.
"Where have you been? I almost became witch food!" Dean snapped at him but was still happy to see his brother.
He put on his most charming smile, just hoping not to get exposed. Stella grinned to herself, probably looking forward to doing what had happened to the others with Dean.
"Cas, good to see you," replied Dean and pushed past him, making sure that he didn't touch the angel.
Sam, who had also joined the group, just grinned to himself. He continued to let his gaze wander around the room, hoping to see something unnatural, or at least a hint of something. Dean raised two hundred dollars in a snap, and that was when the others got out.
"But Dean..."
Dean raised his hands soothingly and, at the same time, shrugged his shoulders. He was focused, with both eyes on their suspect. As long as they couldn't be sure that she really was a witch, he could look, right? Maybe she was really innocent, and if that was the case, he would try his luck with her.
On the way to her front door, she grabbed Dean's hand, and he had the feeling as if every touch from her would lead sparks directly to his crotch. That was probably how she got the other men around.
Dean got up too and stumbled after Castiel. He was just able to hold back before jumping on him. Instead, he stood there with his hands clenched into fists and visibly had to stop himself from taking another step.
It wasn't just a drink or two. After two hours, Dean decided to go to sleep, admittedly not only a bit drunk. Maybe the whole thing looked different tomorrow - maybe Cas had already figured out tomorrow how to break the curse.
"If it's as bad as it looks, Dean is about to lose control and that will end badly."
"So you mean he is not dead and will not suffer any permanent damage?"
Ashamed Castiel lowered his eyes. He was afraid of such a statement. Afraid that they would send him away. After all, gay tolerance wasn't exactly widespread among people who'd grown up like Bobby, Sam, and Dean. Many shared the opinion that there should be no same-sex couples. Inwardly, Castiel was already preparing to be sent away by Sam or Bobby. After all, same-sex love hadn't been tolerated in Bobby's youth...and John had been in the Army, where, in most cases, it was best not to admit that you were gay. Then how should they react differently?
Maybe he should talk to Sam about it and try to find an explanation.
Sighing, Dean rubbed his hands over his face and finally let them rest on his eyes. That would surely be a pleasant trip...he was already arming himself against any kind of reproach or need for an explanation from Sam and the iron silence of Castiel. He could handle that, it had always been like that...He just didn't want them to worry about him or, worse, pity him. He couldn't stand that.
Only seconds after the last word had left his mouth, Sam flew through the air and was thrown against the nearest wall. Dean saw how he dropped to the ground and remained motionless. But he didn't have time to run to him. Because in the next instant, invisible hands pulled him to Stella. He had to act quickly, otherwise, it was all over. While he was being pulled to her, his hand disappeared into his trouser pocket. Only a blink of an eye later, he hit Stella with a power that forced the air out of his lungs. But he was happy to accept that. Because at that very moment, the invisible power disappeared again. Dean took a step back and grinned confidently at Stella - his knife stuck out from her chest.
When he looked up, Castiel was gone. Sighing, Dean pulled himself to his feet and wrapped the blanket around his hips.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel stood lost in the room and didn't know what to do. The sensations were just too much...He would have loved to run after Dean, but he also knew that it wouldn't make their whole situation any better. His eyes were still on the door, probably in the hope that Dean would come back, but that didn't happen. A stabbing of pain rose up in his chest and spread through his body. Had he hurt Dean as he backed away from him? He wasn't afraid that Dean would touch him, but his body and especially his instinct had reacted before he could do anything else.
"What? I can't help it that she looks so hot, can I?"
"Not quite, honey," came Stella's voice. "So you're hunters. It's just too bad that I've already started to drink your energy. Thank you for letting me get in your pants so readily, Dean."
Snorting, he kicked a can in front of him as he walked through the streets. Dean hoped to clear his head a little. Of course, he could have stayed at the motel, but it probably wouldn't have turned out well for his brother if Sam kept making fun of him.
An invisible force held Dean there, as the demons liked to do. He tried to fight is, but couldn't. A young woman stood in the doorway, scowling at him.
And then he was gone again.
, thought Dean.
His whole body itched like ants were crawling under his skin. To be in the same room with Bobby, Sam and Castiel was pure hell, especially after the two-hour drive. Cooped up in the Impala, with the two people he cared most about and unable to touch them, had brought him to the brink of madness. The urge to just throw himself at one of them had become unbearable. To have Bobby around now, and not even be able to hug him, after the long time in which they hadn't seen each other, was pure torture. Dean was about to lose control of himself and weighed his chances of being able to leave the room without being stopped by the other three.
"That's none of your business," Dean hissed and turned his back on her.
It wasn't far to Bobby, they had only investigated cases that were on the way so they could hopefully help Dean as soon as possible. Within two hours they got to their loved self-appointed surrogate father.
"You want a beer, tt?" Sam started another attempt to get into a conversation with his brother.
Rowena sat in an armchair and watched the whole situation. There was only one spark left and the situation would explode. Not in a negative sense, oh no, and yet she couldn't help but deliver the explosive material.
"Do you really believe that, yes?" Castiel's deep, smoky voice rang out from behind him.
"Without details, yeah. I touched her and at first, everything was okay. But then suddenly she said, I shouldn't pinch her...I...I didn't pinch her. The - how should I put it - the hotter it got, the more often she said I would hurt her," Dean broke off and shook his head. "I would never hurt a woman, Sammy, you know that. And when I touched her...again, she started screaming as if I had stabbed a knife between her ribs. I don't know what was going on."
Dean knew it was true. He had watched John drink himself to sleep often enough. Although he had always been clear enough that he could have fought if it was necessary, Dean had vowed never to be like that - and now he was sitting in a shabby motel room and doing the same as his father.
The pub was no different from any other. It stank of smoke and alcohol, was poorly lit, and had several nooks and crannies in which you could withdraw if you wanted to have some private time. The people there glanced at them, as most of them did at strangers. Some looks were curious, others disinterested, few could be interpreted as hostile. It was basically the same as always when they walked into a pub - nothing new.
"I don't need that."
"Of course. You know Dean."
"Won't make it worse either, though, and I think I've earned a drink or two."
"Sorry, man, we don't seem to have any more free rooms," he finally explained, giving Dean a sleepy look.
In fact, it mattered to him more than he showed. But he had seen Sam's look, the pity...again and Cas...Cas looked as if he would immediately set heaven and hell in motion to break the curse.
"I wonder why Dean doesn't just give in to his desires in a brothel. That would at least give him some relief."
He shouted at himself in his mind.
It was clearly visible that Bobby wanted to hug Dean too, but refrained from doing so. Sam had told him everything he knew about the curse and also about Dean's behavior.
They all looked at the map and started making a plan.
Dean could guess exactly what the solution would look like. But he would be damned if he'd touch someone he loved! He'd rather leave everyone alone...drive around alone and never see anyone of his family again. Actually, that was the solution to his problem, even if it was the worst for him. He would rather suffer than hurt the others. However, he would have to leave immediately. Because once he was in the house, he couldn't stop Sam, Castiel, or Bobby from touching him. They were all skilled hunters and would surely corner him. But he wouldn't allow that!
"How many did you guess?" He finally asked, just to be sure.
He was feverishly looking for a way to put his feelings back in order and to get his thoughts under control when his gaze fell on a shard of glass at his feet. He picked it up and looked at the sharp edges. If there was one thing that distracted him from other feelings, it was pain. But he had never considered hurting himself...on the other hand, he had never been in a situation like this before.
But it didn't get to that. Cas gritted his teeth a bit and his hand cramped, but nothing more happened. Dean's wounds closed, his muscles grew together again and the remaining glass splinters disappeared from his fingers. He sat up and looked at Castiel confused. Cas returned his gaze in silence, then reached out his hand again and brushed the tears from his cheeks.
"Has someone attacked you?"
"You screwed us a lot, but that's okay. It's not that we haven't done that often enough. You also bought us drinks, so we're probably even," said Lars when Dean put the money away.
Dean just sat there and continued staring at his brother. He still didn't move, and Dean couldn't help him, shake him, or somehow rouse him out of his faint...damn he couldn't even check if his heart was beating at all! Panic spread inside him. What if Sam suffered permanent damage? Oh god, what if he killed him?!
But Castiel didn't get any further, because Dean was already outside the door and had thrown it shut behind him. The impact was so hard that one of the ugly decoration pictures fell from the wall, and the glass on it broke.
Cas came up to him, with concern in his eyes and an outstretched hand. But Dean stopped him by backing away and shaking his head.
"I'm...I'm sorry, Cas," Dean finally mumbled and let himself sink back onto the bed. "I don't know why I..."
"There are a lot of people who own things like that," Sam threw in again. "We have played with one of that too."
Sam took out two bottles of beer from next to his bed, opened them, and handed one to Dean. He reached for it and felt his brother's fingers under his. Nothing unusual, they often touched their hands, especially when they were handing each other a bottle of beer. This time, however, it seemed to be something unusual, because as soon as Dean's fingers lay on Sam's, he let out a sound of pain and let go of the bottle. It fell to the ground and shattered into several pieces. Dean was about to complain about the spilled beer when he noticed Sam's expression.
It was always amazing what happened to Dean when Castiel pronounced his name in this tone...caring but also willing to rip him a new one if necessary. He looked down and dropped his shoulders. Castiel knew this attitude. He knew that he had won and that Dean would talk to him. So he took another step towards his friend and leaned forward a little so that he could look Dean in the eye.
"Damn witch," he swore to himself - the memory of her touch still on his shoulders.
He probably wanted to say more, but Sam kicked his leg - not exactly subtly.
He slammed his hand on the table and stared grimly at the card. How are they going to find Dean without any clue?
"Dean! What happened?"
"Let me guess," Dean interrupted him. "We don't know how the curse can be broken. So I will never again be able to touch someone without causing them pain, and at some point, I will be so desperate that I will kill myself - because one thing is clear: I will not cause pain to anyone I like if I can avoid it. Yep, I need a drink first."
"Crap"
"Shit...," Dean uttered and took a few, wavering steps away from the shelf.
"Cas!" The scream echoed unnaturally loud in the silence after Castiel's scream. "Sam, what happened?...He didn't really..."
"That won't change your problem," he heard Castiel say and just shrugged his shoulders.
"I...Damn, I thought I could suppress it like that, okay?" Dean started talking. "When I'm in pain, I don't think about how much I long to be touched. That's all."
At the same time, he jumped up from the bed and startled Dean so much, he stumbled two steps backward and finally fell. With a painful hiss, he landed on the floor and was about to break into another rant when the blanket landed on his lap.
"No...no, you don't!" He growled at himself and a moment later reached for his knife.
It was still hurting from Dean's touch. The pain his hand had caused was worse than anything Sam had known up to that point. Worse than dying itself. It had been...pure agony, and he was grateful that his mind and body had given up so quickly, and yet he would endure it again if that meant freeing Dean from the curse. Castiel probably thought the same...and then there was still the problem with Dean's wounds. Sam just hoped, that Castiel wouldn't faint so quickly as he did.
I had a visitor last night. Dean, get your ass in that damn car and haul it back here. Bobbys voice was seeping with concern that had Deans skin prickling against the cool morning air.
You will be. Now eat--before I find a tube for you. His response is a pointed bite of the sandwich.
Ill fix that Cas. Charlie wants to have a Lord of the Rings marathon with the Gyno team; Im sure shed let you in.
She wakes in her room, on her bed, a glass of water by her side. Upstairs Maggie has Grandma Rose locked on her. 'He stays with me' she sneers, knowing the woman is unable to fight her any longer. She's finally won."
Much better. Dean grins as he takes in the angel, crooked hat to bright sweater to worn jeans. He looked good, perhaps a little too good.
You mister need to look the part. I know Angels have no feeling but today you're not an angel. Youre an excited human getting ready for Christmas with his family. Dean immediately, internally, calls himself out for referring to Cas as family out loud, but hey. It's Christmas. He can afford to be a bit more relaxed with his emotions. He allows himself a moment to appreciate Cas as he appraises just what he should wear before deciding on full Christmas mode. Its definitely not freezing in Kansas, but it will be at night, so he pulls out a hideous red christmas sweater that has been in his closet for way too long--it smells of mothballs and age--a pair of worn jeans, and a relatively puffy jacket and throws them at his friend.
Um, thats not necessary, I dont mind walking Where am I?
I think it needs to be stronger, he squints at the text, it says that the connection must be made through body and soul. So talk to him maybe?
With a flush of wings though? Everything changes.
uuuunnngggghhhhhhh. He rolls over and falls directly onto a hardwood floor. Oooffht. Fuck.
Yeah. Yeah. Ill be around soon. And Im safe Bobby. I dont need a babysitter. Ill call ya next week okay?
Theres a small pause on the phone as Dean hears some papers ruffle.
Cas grins and slides into the passenger seat.
It wasnt long after the reunion and return of humanity to earth that Dean knew Cas wasnt just going to come back, and honestly when were things ever that simple for him? He knew he was going to have to spend every second researching and chasing leads to get the angel home. Every night Cass speech played through his dreamsmore like nightmares now.
Hey, Dean. We will find something. Sam sees the sadness and fear filling his brother, and immediately rushes to his side. Dean. Look at me. Its okay. Well find him.
What are you having?
Nonsense, you were out for the count last night dude.
Because Cas. We wear hats when its cold.
Nope. Theres that shit eating grin. You come stay with me and we, how do you say it? We wing it. Even Cas can smile at that joke. He starts to loosen up knowing that his brother is still always there for him, even now when he's completely self-sufficient.
The hot water filled the tiny room with steam, condensing on the mirror and shower as Dean tried to close his mind.
The rest of the night passes normally. After brushing his teeth and packing his bag, a cold beer is cracked open and Dean sits at the table next to the open journal. Another town awaits him with another story to tell. The leather cover slams shut disrupting a photo from the pages and sending it fluttering to the floor. Lisas brown eyes smile up at Dean as leans to pick it up, sinking into a memory as he does
Yes, Cas.
Yes. He clears his throat, having happily listened to dean talk more than hes ever heard so far, My brother Gabe, short for Gabriel, is the only family I have. We moved out here together. When I was accepted into the hospital for Residency and specialisation. Hes normally here at these outings, but currently, hes moping. His last fling left him before he had the chance to come up with some amazing break up and hes regretful. Deans eyes light up with curiosity. You could say Gabe is a special sort. He wants nothing more than to settle down and have a family but has yet to find a suitable unnatural partner. His words.
DEAN'S POV
--13 months ago--
Last week. Needed a change and got a job here.
Its not much I know, Dean shuffles into the kitchen, dressed down in jeans and a flannel, chagrin in his voice. Its home though.
Nothing. Just like normal.
What are you doing Dean? The angels head tilts in the most innocent and, in Deans opinion, adorable way.
Let's go Boot Scootin! Cas and Dean finally get to chat and Cas has fun for the first time in a while.
The motel room was dim, a faint humming emanating from a single light created the only barrier between Dean and pure silence. Another story done, another town checked off the list. After six months of travelling would he ever be used to it? The emptiness of the world contained within a single, damp, one-bed motel room. Dean didnt know if it would get easier, but he knew it was right where he needed to be.
So you can REALLY enjoy Christmas, they way you should for your first one here at the bunker!
A bottle of Jack happened to me, and honestly Im doing pretty well all things*hiccup* considered. Whats up Bobby?
Fine. Chevy will love having Fen as a roommate again. I think she misses him. I need to get a dog at some point. Oh. So I have my first procedure tomorrow. Nothing major, just a simple ultrasound to determine if Ill need to place a shunt. Im not sure Im ready. He ducks his head. Cas hates the shame he feels for his lack of confidence. He went from being one of the best in his field to useless overnight.
Do you need a ride?
The silence that answered him spoke more than any words. The war was lost and won. All sides gained and lost. The next war started. Castiel just wished he hadn't lost Dean.
You guys okay? She asks and signs for Sam to nod.
Dean left a couple of bills on the nightstand in apology for the disaster of a room he left behind, the smell of whiskey and sweat would probably linger for a while. Dean knew hed be back to finish the story, not at this motel it would seem. He had to finish the story. But Bobby came first; the old grouch was all he had left in the world, and Dean couldnt bear it if he lost the one thing holding him up.
He smiles at her before taking a bit of burger, Yeah, if you want to learn that is. He winks at Ben, who nods eagerly. Its settled then. Ill open her up this weekend and we will give her a good, thorough check up.
Sorry mom. Ben comes rushing down the stairs and grabs a hot dog as he sits across from Dean.
Dean had been writing, and Cas read every story. The stories of hunts Dean and Sam when on before they knew Cas had been watching over them. Before he pulled Dean out of hell.
He breaks the kiss as he feels something cold and wet on his face. He looks up and sees that it has started to snow. Looking back at his angel he feels a tear of joy slide down his cheek.
Youre late.
Good now live your cowperson dreams sweethearts! Happy with her decree, the redhead swings herself into a seated position and downs the remainder of her first glass of liquid courage.
Can I come by on my lunch?
Dean? Lisa pulls him back to reality with concern in her eyes, Werent you just saying youd like to teach Ben about the truck?
They both exit the Impala, Cas immediately lost in his thoughts again, and part ways at the elevator, Castiels office is up on floor 6, while Dean works on floor 2 and often chooses to use the stairs. Theres barely a parting word between them and Cas realises that he hopes the day will go by quickly, so he can see the midwife with the green eyes again.
Buy you a drink, Cowboy? He uses his costume as confidence, sliding onto a stool next to the man who gratefully smiles and nods in affirmation. Im Castiel. We met this morning.
It doesnt take the odd couple long to tidy the kitchen and ready themselves for the day. Cas secretly freshens his breath and tames his hair in the bathroom with a thought before neatly arranging the extra layers from last nights outfit into a bag offered by Dean. He doubted Dr Adler would be thrilled with him arriving in chaps and a cowboy hat. Dean packs his usual lunch while carefully avoiding the mans eyes--the night before running through his mind. Together the two head outside where Baby is carefully tucked under a parking structure.
The memory fades as Dean slides the photo back into place behind the one of him and Sam and in front of an image of Cas. He quickly closed the book, trying not to spend too long looking at his absent friend.
The pale painted motel finally crawls into view as Dean pulls up in front. Hes thankful the place stayed open, last time he was here they were supposed to be closing. The parking lot has a small number of cars scattered in front of rooms and a few kids are running in the lawn tugging on a kite. Dean smiles as he grabs his bag and heads inside. A young woman smiles as he arrives at the front desk. He smiles back and she bats her eyelashes at him as she looks him up and down.
Let me get this one, you just started a new job, in a new area and, Im assuming since youre here with us, with no major acquaintances yet. Call this your welcome to the neighbourhood.
Why am I pretending to be human?
Gabriels eyes widen with glee, You saw him this morning?
Making sure you dont get cold. He states evenly, much to his surprise. The eyes of his friend have been on him the whole day and Dean is losing his barrier quickly. And before you can say why, because I can see you thinking, He straightens the scarf and pats Cas on the shoulders There. Its because humans would get cold and you need to keep your throat warm.
Can I talk to a contractor first?
Each chapter has a song attached to it! let me know your recommendations!
(See the end of the chapter for
Ah. I dont believe I will be able to walk home then I have spare clothes in my office. Thank you for your offer Dean, but I will be perfectly fine taking the bus. He smiles gently at Dean, not wanting to intrude on the man any longer.
--Now--
"I wish he wasnt writing though. I know what comes when he is finished." Cas let the edge creep into his voice.
Dean? Sams hair made him about 4 inches taller with his bed head as the hunter blinks slowly as he takes in the music and a surprisingly relaxed and happy Dean. What is all this?
Castiel never was a dance, or naturally grateful. Years of coming to cowboy night had taught him a thing or two so he wasnt as embarrassed being out with his friends any more. Dean eyes those around him to get the hang of the steps before flawlessly jumping in as the resounding clap echoes from the group. Cas is fascinated as he stumbles through the rather difficult routine--he will never admit exactly how many hours hes spent in Charlies basement to become passable at dancing. Deans hips just immediately free themselves from the rest of his body it seems. They gyrate and swing with the rhythm as he slaps his thigh in time with the group. Others were joining in now, the infectious energy from the eight friends filling the place with gaiety and laughter. Cas catches Deans eyes. The two share a smile and Cas realises he is totally and completely screwed.
Dean woke to a headache and guitar riffs. His mouth tasted metallic, a penny on his tongue.
You dont understand. Just go with it Cas. Have some fun and relax. Remember youre supposed to be human today. Enjoy it. Dean grins as he plops the wool hat on Cass head and leaves the room; he didnt realise hed made his first mistake.
Cas nods in agreement.
"Sam's soul is still very much locked in the cage. Can't you feel it?" Gabriel nodded. "Why Gabriel? Please don't be thinking of doing something stupid."
No, Cas admits with a shake of his head, I remember everything fine until the line dancing, then I remember Charlie passing out shots, and then its like I was hit by a truck. Theres nothing there.
The bus ride home always gave Cas a chance to observe humans in a way where he could study how they behaved when they thought no one was looking. His current pupal was a young man sitting across the aisle and about halfway up the bus. His face was contorted with some emotion, Cas couldnt tell what it was...confusion? Anger? Grief? He was unsure. The man was aggressively scrolling through his phone, pausing to hastily type every few minutes. It was his eyes that Castiel found himself focused on, they were almost as green as the mysterious nurses eyes he met earlier today--perhaps murkier. There was something in his eyes that almost made Castiel believe he was looking into his soul; Castiel often found that the eyes reflected the soul of a person, their colour, shape, and ability to emote beyond words spoke more to him than any lips could. Was this man on the run too? He had creases at the corners, were they from laughter or anger? Why was he so concerned, what captivated him so deeply? Try as he might, Cas never could understand the human ability to fixate, on anything really. He didn't understand the movement of focus and emotion; Gabe did, Gabe passed as human so easily it was a wonder they were even related sometimes. Castiel just couldnt, he pondered this his whole shower and meal.
"You've been here quite a while, sir. My shifts over so I need to cash you out." She looks at him hoping he'd pick up on her hint. Dean hands her a few bills and a simple "Keep the change" before readjusting to his surroundings. The afternoon has passed into evening and Dean realises he should probably be returning to the motel. Standing stiffly, he returns to his car and gets in, hoping he didn't imagine the flutter of wings that he thought accompanied the bell as he pushed open the swinging door. Nowadays he hears ghosts everywhere.
The memory of battles, of the pain of hell, sharpened in Castiels mind. He lost himself to the tortures endured all for one man. Hell had left its mark on Dean, but so did he. Looking down Cas realised his hand had found the mark without him noticing. Deans skin was warm, soft and gentle underneath his cold palm; the tan in stark contrast to the white of Castiels vessel.
Youre welcome. After the call Dean tries his best to get Cas out of his head and focus on Bobby, but he can help worrying about his friend. After everything the Angel has done he doesnt deserve to be stuck human, and Dean feels entirely responsible.
(See the end of the chapter for
You good? Deans rumble startled him out of his thoughts, to Cass pleasure actually.
Bobby is grumbling something about angels being dicks. Accurate. He grumbles about Dean being an idjit. Accurate, and a word Gabriel has taken quite a liking too. Then he grumbles about having nothing better to do than father the broken man. Accurate. Bobby's three for three so Gabriel decides to play a game called Hunter Recon. In the span of about a minute, he visits every hunter, or group, this side of the Atlantic to scrounge for words of the Moose. Nothing. Dammit. Though he did find out that Ash discovered his last little weekend away in Vegas; who could blame him for having some fun in a land of people who deserve their just desserts. Besides, he had an hour off.
Cas I-. Dean doesnt know where to begin. His heart is pounding and he has to know. The fear in his head disappears as he makes his decision. He slowly turns Cass face towards his, taking a moment to search the pure, unfiltered, pristine blue eyes with everything showing on his face before slowly, carefully leaning in.
Uhhum. Blue and Green turn to Sam. Do you guys want to go home or something? Theres a smile on his face.
Bored, he shrugs, Theres one who is convinced I am a figment of his imagination. Its hilarious. Yesterday I spent the afternoon moving his bike to random locations. He had NO idea. His laugh was so pure, joyful. Castiel often envied his brother for his youthfulness and free spirit. Since their separation from their family, all they had was each other; Castiel grew up fast from that moment, focusing on his career more than anything else--which resulted in the awkward and sheltered surgeon. Gabe on the other hand, he took the freedom to heart. His failed business ventures and string of exes and one-night stands left him looking at life as an endless game, he could do anything, and be anything. He had the time and felt that a purpose would find him. Someday.
He*chough*...llo?
Gabriel. Castiel allows himself a brief smile as his brother plops a bag in front of him.
Dean is right where he left him, and a good thing too. The amount of alcohol in his system could cause him to do anything. Cas approaches the sleeping man with caution. The bottle is almost empty and the alcohol in Dean's vein is stinking up the entire room. With a simple touch, Cas purges about half of it from his system and guarantees a light hangover rather than the one that would've awaited him from that amount of whiskey. Slowly he moves the gun from his hand to a much safer position on the bedside table. He smiles as Dean mutters in his sleep, knowing full well he is doing the right thing by keeping his distance from Dean. 'If I lost Dean, I would lose everything.' To keep him Cas knew he had to stay away. Cas was a rebel, dangerous, a Seraphim with different needs and duties. So many things would want him dead and Cas couldn't make Dean fight for him; He couldn't make Dean die for him. So instead he'd watch his hunter sleep and protect him from the shadows.
Cornwall, Connecticut.
Wait, waitwaitwait Youre telling me that you--Castiel, Mr I have no feelings and no fun-- got so wasted you dont remember what you did at all last night? Cas begrudgingly nods, HA! This has just become the best day ever! Screw torturing interns, Im invested!
I like it very much; its...comfortable. Castiel winces as he accidentally clinks his plate too loud against the counter.  Thank you for breakfast. You didn't have too
Remind me to give you a good ass-kicking the next time you come round. Theres a smile in Bobbys voice, I just worry about you. Its not like youre great at this communication crap.
Yes, I woke up on his couch this morning--FULLY clothed--and he drove me to work. Castiels normally still hands have never been busier, fussing with the pen he was meant to be writing appointment notes with.
Short chapter for today as school has me busy! I hope you guys like this little adventure, and next time we get the low down of Castiel's wild night! I'll try to have it up Friday or Saturday to help with the post-finale depression! Love you all xxxxx
Dripping wet Dean grabbed the bottle of Jack from his bag and took too many gulps praying the stupor of the alcohol would set in before the terrors started. He lay on the bed as the waves washed over him, numbness slowly creeping in with every drink and finally, he passed out of the reach of the emptiness and into the dreams of blue eyes and black wings; a gun loosely clutched in his grip.
Sorry Dean. I was lost in thought. I wanted to help people, simple as that.
Damnit Cas. How long do I have to keep praying to you before you answer me? Come on man. Just let me know youre up there. Please?
Mhmhuh. When I can. You know what it's like. Busy when you work in a hospital. Cas chuckles and nods, catching Deans eyes when he looks up at him.
Oh this is truly the best day ever! I have to find Charlie! See you later bro.
With a sigh, Castiel's vessel faded and the towering form of the angel took its place; his grace hardened into the shield of pure energy and in the very centre was the hunter, nestled between two small black wings. With a mighty battle cry, the angel shot up through hell like a bullet speeding out of the darkness and into the light.
It took the trio months to find all the ingredients needed to complete the spell. They had to beg, borrow, and steal items from across the countryassuredly painting several targets on their backs in the process. They had almost everything, except an item connected to the person they were summoning.
The chains gave way as he slashed into Dean Winchesters hell. There was a young girl stretched out across a rack, nails slowly piercing her skin from all directions. She didnt scream or cry out, she was simply paralysed. When Castiel approached her face turned peaceful and she was vaporised within seconds. Only the man with black eyes and a scalpel was left. He stood, poised with anger, ready to attack the being towering over him. Castiel dimmed, his grace retracting from its battle formation and forming itself into the vessel of the angel. The towering creature condensed into a tax accountant, albeit a glowing tax accountant, with a hand outstretched to the man.
Heaven by Troy Sivan feat. Betty Who
"Grandma Rose watched from her room, as the hotel died underneath her. She too was an antique and she had no plans on leaving, no she would stay here with the hotel no matter what it took. That was certain. She knew that without her people would die. They were dying. Why couldn't she do anything about it? Why couldn't she move? What was wrong with her?
I let him die. Dean chokes out a broken sob before completely collapsing into tears in Sams arms.
Downward still the angel plummeted, down through the layers of hell not knowing what awaited him when he reached his goal.
Okay. Cas its been a long time since Ive prayed to you like this but here goes nothing. Do you remember that day you walked into the barn? Bobby and I were scared, shitless man. You came in and changed our world, you changed my world. Angels werent supposed to be a thing, and they certainly werent supposed to save me. You were righton that first day. I didnt think I deserved to be saved. Most of the time I still dont. But, man, that didnt matter to you. You just kept coming back, and fighting with us, and saving me, over and over and over.
No Christmas is December 25th, it is December 20th and definitely not Christmas. I should know.
Dean was giddy. For once they had a break, and at Christmas! He and Sam haven't had a proper Christmas without the threat of dying for years. It almost felt like a dream, the bunker had a glee to it as Dean poured his eggnog for that morning, just a splash from his flask to top it off. He made the rest of the bunker residents a glass too, with Sams containing perhaps more whiskey than entirely necessary. He put a record on and turned the volume to max; Jingle Bell Rock filling the bunker with cheer and stirring the other sleeping hunter from his slumber.
Beer, thanks.
Hey At least its something simple Cassie. You still know everything you need to. Your hands will remember. Everyone loses someone, and now you can help someone else. You have to be ready.
Thank you guys for giving me a Christmas. He almost has tears in his eyes. Dean pats his back affectionately.
Ah. I am fine. Thank you Dean. Cas finishes off the plate of food before immediately jumping in to help clean up, quickly shooting Dean a look to prevent the objection he could almost feel being formed. I insist.
Leaning back Dean opened up his journal, a rough leather book just like his dads only much, much thicker. Reading the next entry he sighs and puts a red x next to the town name on the top of the pageLafayette, Indiana. Some towns have stories that need telling; others have stories not even horror fans would believe. Those stories would just have to die with him. He turns the page.
I like that she has a name, Castiel turns back towards Dean with a small smile, You must care a lot about her.
"Where the hell have you been. Start talking. Now." Bobby doesn't note the air of concern or sadness in Castiel's eyes. Just the anger in his heart. Cas pauses.
The next morning Bobby calls Dean; so that's what this was about. Gabriel quickly lost interest until later in the day when he heard Bobby grumble the simple expression "get laid already". Now that was something he agreed with despite not knowing the context in any way. Perhaps Bobby needed to get laid? Gabriel could do that. Then the man uttered "Idjits, the both of them". SO. This was about Cas and Dean. Maybe he needed to pay his little brother a visit.
Can I get you anything else? Her eyes are so blue for a second Dean hopes they came attached to someone else.
He chuckles and groans slightly as he goes to stand, Only on days that end in y, cowboy.
You look like you could ride anyone here into the sunset Clarence. Its delicious Meg purred and ran her hand across his shoulders. He smiled and felt all of the tension leave his body.
Dean. I dont understand what is wrong with my normal outerwear. Why must I wear these clothes instead and why is the fabric so scratchy? He pouts slightly, bringing a chuckle forth from Dean.
The screen immediately lit up as viewers logged onto the blog to read the newest horror story. Dean slammed the screen shut before the comments started rolling in.
Pop culture is not my strength. Internally kicking himself for not listening when Gabe tried telling him about Space Wars...no Star Fight? He sighs. Cas longs to be able to match the mans excitement for the world around him, to be able to grasp the emotions that cause those emeralds to sparkle and his face to crinkle.
Youre far away.
The drive to Wichita was uneventful; Dean blared Christmas music out the open windows to cover up Sams grumbling about being in the backseat. He knew his brother was just as excited as him, but worse at showing it. They chatted about how nice it was to be able to just enjoy themselves, and how quiet the bunker was without alarms going off every other day. By the time they pulled into the tree farm, the four men were cheerful and  relaxed, laughing about Cass confusion over the need for an evergreen tree and explaining the customs to Jack. Jack was so excited to be able to truly experience Christmas he was vibrating. They pulled into the parking lot with a sense of joy that was unfamiliar to all of them. Dean bought four hot chocolates and they loaded onto the wagon that would take them out to the tree cutting area. Jack was the first off when the wagon stopped and he immediately found a tree that was to his satisfaction.
Yeah, hes got a knack for them. I was thinking about showing him how to tune up the truck. I need to do it anyway. Lisa smiles as Dean absentmindedly kisses her head before grabbing a beer from the fridge.
Shes beautiful. Thank you again Dean.
Sam appreciatively takes a gulp of the eggnog before unceremoniously spitting it all across the table, coming up for air coughing and sputtering at the assault on his throat. DEAN!
One of these days, exactly 18 months into their search, Sam had started to lose faith. Dean knew; he could tell by Sams wandering eyes and near constant yawns. With each one he feels his spirit break a little bit more. He knows Sam just wants to be happy, and he is now with Eileen, but that hurts Dean so much more knowing his happiness is gone.
Okay Cas? He swallows his admiration with the question and moves to grab hats and scarves from the bin by the wardrobe.
Oh no! You cant! She grins wickedly. Shes in the bathroom, asshole.
Ever since Lucifer went to hell, things had been, well, hell. Gabriel was on the run, but not really. He was on the run by staying in one place.
The door of a van slammed and Gabriel hid in the shadows as the gruff old man pulled a pile of books from the back seat and threw them into a now out of use wheelchair. The man grumbled to himself as he struggled to wheel the chair into the house, thankfully he left the ramp up on the side of the porch; it made runs like this much easier. Lately Bobby had been on a research kick about the cage, an idea planted by Gabe of course. Drop a little gossip here, spread an outright lie there, he plants the seeds and, he can't help it, watches them grow. His favourite plaything was in hell, and he'd do anything but go through actual hell to get him back. Or so every other angel thought.
The words that drove him out, finally. You have to be ready. Only Gabe would give him that kick in the ass.
Not long after they became inseparable and, much to their joy and surprise, ended up working at the same hospital. They added Garth to the group not long after, and soon they became almost a safe haven for any lonely or lost soul that wandered into town. Members have can and left, but the core group remained the same: Castiel, Charlie, Jo, Garth, Meg, and Ash. The group was the most mix matched, patched together, hodgepodge of beings and their antics were unparalleled.
I cant do this, Sammy. I cant man. Deans eyes fix on his brother, pleading and brimming with tears.
He hears the spell start to tingle, the air vibrating around them.
Dean shivered as he rolled onto his stomach. Cas sat on the chair next to the bed and covered him with his wings until morning. When the sun rose Cas stood and faded into the trees to watch the hunter from the shadows.
This place does attract many people looking for something. I ran here just over four years ago and found the closest thing I could call home. He smiles at his friends, happily milling about chatting and dancing to some random country song about beer, or bars, or boobs, or something of that nature.
Dean's getting worse, that much is obvious. Can anything save him at this point?
"You just needed to know." And he vanishes from Bobby's view and flies back to Connecticut.
Sam just grumbles and hesitantly sips the eggnog again, deciding that it is quite nice, despite its strength, and puts his feet up taking in the scene before him. Cas hesitantly sniffs his glass before deeming it acceptable and slowly sipping his eggnog down as Jack nearly bounds into the room.
"What you don't say"
At six o'clock suddenly, there was a movement in Dean's body. Getting up at the same time for years had its advantages and disadvantages. On the one hand, he didn't need an alarm clock, even if he'd had too much to drink like the night before; but on the other hand, if he had the chance, he couldn't sleep late, like this morning.
"Well...statistically..."
Dean has always had a very low opinion of himself regardless of his demeanor. He didn't hate himself, but he didn't love himself either. The curse did the rest because Dean refused any kind of physical contact. Nobody was allowed to touch him, out of fear that he would injure the person. Castiel could literally watch as Dean began to long for touches and body contact and wanted to help. But Dean didn't allow it.
"Help, I know," Dean interrupted him annoyed. "Forget it, Cas. You heard Sam. The curse can also harm you. Besides, before you burst into our lives, such injuries had to heal normally too."
The helplessness, which he had also felt when Sam had passed out because of him, attacked his body again and made him slump. He had hurt Cas even though he had sworn he would never let it get that far again. He looked guilty at his hands, which were clenched into fists, so tight that his knuckles turned white.
Dean walked straight to the bar and ordered two beers, Sam joined him a little later. They scanned the crowd, looking for something unusual, but couldn't see anything.
It was only seconds before she died, seconds that probably seemed endless to her. But when finally all life had drained from her body, a smile lay on her face.
Our poor, poor Dean has to deal with someting, that will change his behavior.
"Do I look like I'm interested in the condition of the room?" He merely growled, and the key was on the table within a second.
"I do not think so."
A moment later Dean felt a cut along his right hipbone that burned like fire. The woman turned away and looked around the room once, probably looking for something to keep causing him pain. She paused when her gaze fell on a sigil that she knew exactly.
"Just so we can take you down! I would never really get involved with something like you...with such a monster! Witches are just disgusting!"
The drive took about half an hour, and by the time they finally stopped in front of a house, Dean's nerves were on edge. The car was filled with such an intoxicating, aphrodisiac smell that he had to use all his willpower not to get his hands on Stella. For a moment, he wondered why she didn't say anything about it - surely the others hadn't held back that much - but then the smell became more intense. She was trying to change his mind and get him going. A low moan came over his lips, which he disguised as a yawn, only to be confronted with the question of whether he was bored.
"But..."
Dean made one of his we'll-see-soon-enough-faces and turned the music up a bit. They pulled into Richmond to the sound of Highway to Hell.
"Fucking hell, that was stupid and nothing else! You could have died, you idiot!"
A few days later, they heard of a case that appeared to be werewolves. They drove to a small town, of which Dean didn't even remember the name. He was too tense, too fixated on not getting close to anyone. He held back with everything, whether it was the reservation of their room, the common meal, or something else. Dean also spoke less than before. Most of the time he just sat there and stared into space when he wasn't driving.
"Greet your buddies!" Growled Dean and pulled the trigger.
He knew he had to do something, but not what. There was something dangerous in the room...but where? Where? Maybe it had something to do with the whispers? What did the whispers mean? He couldn't understand the words...His legs went weak, just buckled, and he fell to the floor. Dean felt the impact as the back of his head met the floor. Lights exploded in front of his eyes, turning into several colors he didn't recognize. He wanted to get up, but something was pressing against his chest, holding him to the floor, and his strength was waning more and more.
Castiel's gaze was fixed on Dean, and Sam was really surprised that he didn't just go up in flames because the angel stared at him so intensely. He could literally see the anger burning behind Cas's eyes. Sam understood why Cas reacted that way. They just wanted to help Dean, and he blocked everything, even the smallest offer, and that was okay, that was Dean. But right now, it was about his life! The wounds had looked really bad, and Sam was sure that his brother wouldn't wake up if they didn't do anything. Briefly, he considered calling a doctor who could patch up Dean. But what should they say about what happened to him? After all, the injuries didn't look like they were from an accident or anything else. With a little practice, the doctor would realize they were from an animal attack, and since there weren't such large animals here, it would raise questions - questions they couldn't answer. So this possibility was canceled. Sam sat on his bed and stared thoughtfully at his brother. They had to do something.
Dean had done everything possible to prevent his family from tracking him down. First, he'd taken a car from Bobby's yard, not the Impala. He didn't drive the car for long, however, as Bobby knew all the roadworthy cars he had around. He parked it in Sioux Falls and continued on foot. They would be looking for car thefts, and therefore, he didn't commit any. Dean wasn't going to be found the same way he'd found Sam back then - with thefts so atypical of him that it literally screamed of him. In the town next to Sioux Falls, he had rented a motel room and hadn't moved any further. He definitely didn't intend to, because no one would suspect he'd stayed around. They would surely be looking for clues that were further away.
He looked around for a way to hide when he already heard footsteps nearby.
"Off to Richmond. Young men have been disappearing there for a few weeks. One evening they are still in their local pub, and from then on, nobody has seen them."
"So much...that's bad."
"Stella," Dean pressed out.
"I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't come over. Thanks!"
"Who invited you?" He finally growled and glared at Rowena, who stood in front of him grinning.
"Bobby," he just said and picked up. "What's up?...Okay...and you're sure they didn't just run away?...No...okay...we'll see that. Yes...Sure, see you then."
This is exactly what he was doing now, and he didnt care that he was drinking while only covered with a towel and with goosebumps covering his body. The minibar in the room was riddled with cheap alcohol, which was probably being sold far too overpriced, and Dean didn't care how much he had to pay the next day. He grabbed the two bottles of whiskey and placed them on the table. He doesn't even bother to get a glass but drank straight from the bottle. After the first one was emptied, a pleasantly warm feeling had spread in his head, and he knew that, after another half, a comfortable sleepiness would set in.
Dean propped himself up on the sink and stared at his reflection. He looked first at his chest, which had been torn a few minutes ago and on which white lines could now be seen; then his neck - which was also covered with new scars and finally his eyes. But he didn't look into his own green eyes; he saw blue ones, so full of pain and...something else. Surprise? Amazement? Disbelief maybe? Dean couldn't tell, only that they were Castiel's eyes that looked back from the mirror, like a few minutes ago in the other room.
The tingling had gotten stronger, the urge to seek body closeness, almost overwhelming. Dean wrapped his arms around his own body and clenched his hands in his sides.
"Shit..." he wispered under his breath, when he felt tears well up in his eyes again.
Another time Dean stumbled away from Castiel. How could he say that so easily? So completely without any shame? Dean opened his mouth again to reply something, but clothes landed on his face. He recognized the mute hint and got dressed - Castiel even did him the favor of turning his back on him until he was done with it.
"How is he?" Bobby asked quietly when he saw Dean and Castiel walking to the house.
(See the end of the chapter for
With a crack, Dean's fist thundered against the mirror, which shattered and cut into his fingers. Hissing, he sucked in air between his teeth and pressed a towel against his fingers to stop the bleeding. Back in the room, he tried to remove the small pieces of glass from the wounds, but he couldn't because his hand was shaking too much.
"No...I just had a long night yesterday, that's all."
Sam was about to say more when they both heard a panted gasp from the bathroom. Both felt the urge to go to Dean and help him. But they also knew very well that he wouldn't allow it. So they sat down at the table and stared at the tabletop until Dean came out of the bathroom.
Only then did Dean realize that he had stood completely naked in front of Castiel, and immediately his entire face turned red like a tomato. He opened his mouth to say something but closed it again immediately and looked away. He prayed the ground would open beneath him to swallow him, but he wasn't that lucky.
