“That’s it, Sheriff,” he murmurs. “Easy.”
Castiel is sure he has never seen her before. But he sees no reason to be afraid.
Emmanuel ignores him, sticking his knife into the lit forge. They wait for several tense moments, cutting away the rest of the cloth from the bullet wound in Gabriel’s leg. It cut him good, went clean through the muscle of his thigh. He’ll bleed out if they don’t close the wound soon.
But the angel just sneers.
“Fuck you,” Gabriel spits.
Dean closes his eyes, running his hands up and down Castiel’s back. He takes a deep breath, and looks up.
“I’ll bet,” he says, smirking.
Anna quickly pulls him back, grabbing his elbow.
Abaddon whips her head around, and that’s when Gabriel’s voice echoes across the room, the last words of an Enochian spell.
“It’s okay,” he says again. “I’m here now.”
Cas presses his fingers to his temples, rubbing slightly as he waits for the machine to finish up.
“I don't know,” she says finally. “But we gotta be prepared to fight back.”
“Maybe a few hundred more times,” he murmurs.
anything. It’ll just...come up on its own.
“I feel for you, Castiel. I really do.” She glances down, then back up at Castiel. “So…why don’t you let me out of this trap, and we’ll talk?”
“Uh-huh.”
“I wish I could stay with you,” he whispers, closing his eyes.
"Wait—what?" He yanks the wheel, swerving around a slow car. "Gabe said they didn't have anything."
Castiel tries to stand, but pain flares through his side and he clamps a hand over his broken ribs, hissing.
“Yeah, I—“
Dean tears through most of their books in the cabin, and even disappears to find some of his own—desperately searching for anything that could track Sam down.
Dean shoves back from the table, muttering a pardon from the guests before he takes his leave. He stalks down the hall, Benny trailing after him like a shadow.
“Cas?”
“Knew it,” he mumbles. “You always were a bad liar.”
“What the hell was that?”
He doesn’t know where his mother is—probably in the Great Hall, going over accounts with her advisors, something she refused to let Dean sit in on. He doesn't understand why—he'll soon have to take over those duties. He doesn’t know why she puts so little faith in him.
“I hope we’ll have some time to chat this week. I’m eager to speak to you about the family business and how you’ve been faring during your little period of rebellion.”
He takes a small step back, eyes darting around the room.
Cas reaches for the van’s door.
Castiel’s eyes flash wickedly.
Castiel can’t help it. He grins, watching as Dean moves towards their abandoned clothes and tosses his blade down onto the pile, shrugging.
Someone snatches the phone from Sam, and Dean has to endure a few queasy moments as Jess’s face dances into view.
“You ride with Emmanuel?” She asks.
The man goes pink.
“You seem to be extremely invested in romance for someone who’s sworn off love.” He looks over to Sam. “You didn’t get this dumbass gene, right?”
“Where is Anna?”
“I’m…”
But then it’s as if something has seized him, and Dean bolts upright, his eyes flashing silver.
Dean grits his teeth, and nods grimly. Then he’s out and running down the back steps, leaping the last few feet and hitting the dirt running.
Anna is trembling. Dean doesn’t answer.
fault your whole family is dead?”
Castiel shrugs, turning back to his pack. Anna grits her teeth, taking her own swig of whiskey, flopping back down on the bed.
“You’re….not wrong.”
Sam whips his head around sharply. "What?”
“You….don’t have a garden on the property?” Dean asks tentatively.
His voice breaks.
“I-imagine you in that bikini―”
“You little maggot,” Abaddon snarls. “You cannot stop me. He is
“You’re going to fucking regret that, you stuck up bastard—“
“Dean.”
“Okay, we got the instructions for Dial-an-Angel.” Gabriel dumps a pile of books on the table in front of them. “What now?”
He reaches out, wordless, cupping Dean’s cheek.
Castiel narrows his eyes.
Robert Singer sighed, a wistful smile on his face.
But even as they stand there, watching—the power suddenly sucks back—collapses and disappears.
Dean closes his eyes.
Cas turns to face her, halting a little as he figures out the exact signs he needs.
The second man comes trudging back.
Love.
“I mean, you let the Devil out.” Alastair curls a lock of her hair around one finger, his eyes gleaming. “You unleashed that stain upon the world. Don’t you want the chance to redeem yourself?”
Dean fiddles idly with the key.
“Dean, calm down—“
His hands scramble in front of him, searching for a body that isn’t there.
“You were supposed to protect me, Cas,” Anna breathes. “That’s what Dad told you to do. That was your job. You
Cas blinks, the briefest flicker of shock crossing his face.
“If he was here, he’s probably long gone by now.”
She’s still reeling over the fact that she had died—actually
Gabriel snorts.
She shakes her head.
“We weren’t supposed to happen, Cas,” he says, his voice choked. “But—but Sam—“
Naomi is laughing, laughing at him even through the blood filling her mouth. Castiel’s head is pounding, but he can’t stop.
“I didn’t forget you,” she coaxes. Sam clenches his fist, trembling.
“Like I said. Extenuating circumstances.”
She moves around him, striding towards where the horses are tied. Sam growls, stalking after her.
She will not be harmed by the spell.
He sits up cautiously.
Anna glances at Castiel.
“Dean, you wouldn’t believe me if I told you.”
He stands quickly, clutching the book he had been reading tight to his chest.
“Don’t call me that,” he growls, kissing him again. Dean just sinks into him, too dazed and hazy to question that strange statement. His hands grab loosely onto Emmanuel’s shirt as Emmanuel fumbles with his own clothes, finally pulling out his own cock. He strokes himself, hard against Dean, teeth biting into his lip. Dean’s hand joins his and Emmanuel looks up, eyes blue and piercing.
“Bye,” he mumbles. “I guess.”
“What?” Anna whispers. On the other end, Gabriel swallows.
“Two straight British dudes at my wedding,” Alicia mutters. “Cool.”
“Hey. This was your idea.”
Sam says something, jagged and garbled in his throat. Dean shushes him, hands coming to his face.
“Don’t mean to crash on you, but I’m beat.” She rubs her face. “Gabe said something about takeout?”
They both look up. Gabriel glares at them.
It’s unlike anything he’s ever heard. The smoothness of the piano and the sharp guitar stand in perfect contrast to each other, and Dean feels his throat constrict, that rush he only feels when performing onstage, here in this small practice room, with a stranger by his side.
“Can’t believe it…”
“Emmanuel.” He spits the name like a curse. “You killed my kid brother.”
. She surfaces moments later, spluttering.
“And you were...you were there? When—”
Dean tries to breathe, winded.
Castiel starts burning, his rage roaring inside him.
Of course. His marriage. To a suitable person, so that they may rule the kingdom together. And while many in court turned a blind eye to the kind of relationships Dean enjoyed, the kingdom needs heirs.
“Fine,” she says, gritting her teeth.
“What did you do now??”
Charlie swallows.
“He’s okay,” she whispers, but she doesn’t sound convinced. “I’m sure he is.”
“Doesn’t quite work like that.”
He kisses him again, and it isn’t long before Dean’s coming, going lax and pliant as Castiel follows, his hand stroking over the both of them.
“He’s...he’s all I have,” he stumbles out. “After our parents died, I…”
Castiel clenches his fists,
“Christ, not this again,” Anna groans.
"What?"
Dean talks and he allows himself to be greedy, drinking in the sight of Castiel—his face, his lips, the soft sweep on his dark hair over his brow—and the smooth line of his neck, disappearing into the white tunic that all the swans called clothes. He’s gold and full of summer, even though that skin never saw the sun.
Emmanuel is awake, shifting on the cot, strained breaths heaving through his lips.
Charlie calls after them.
Sam roars and throws a shot of power, sending the demons scattering, but there are so many. Gabriel stumbles back from another, Raphael’s knife slick and loose in his bloody hand.
Maybe Sam just grew up. Maybe Dean should, too.
Dean’s not lying. He may not have inherited his mother’s magic, but he can still sense things. This is no ordinary cat.
Dean just flutters a hand in his direction. Gabriel purses his lips, leaning back against the pillows with a pained groan.
“I told you never to say that name,” he growls. He presses the barrel of the gun to Castiel’s cheek again. In doing so he jostles Castiel’s side, and Castiel sucks in a deep breath, nearly crying out.
“Dean, I’m not going to stay holed up inside like I’m in some damn nuclear bunker.”
He cuts off abruptly, sucking in a breath. Castiel chuckles against his cheek, and starts to circle his finger slowly, opening him up. Dean lets out a soft sound, one hand tangling in Castiel’s hair.
Their fingers intertwine, twisting together as Dean’s other hand finds his thigh, the touch warm and electric.
“Crowley.”
He reaches Sam just before he collapses, dropping with him in the wet dirt.
Dean jerks up, unsteadily flopping over to where Castiel is sitting.
“All that warding…I admit, it was a curve ball." She taps her fingers against her blade. "It was nothing I had ever seen. Almost if…”
“Oh, god, yes.”
Castiel hesitates, gently fixing the pillow beneath Dean's head before standing back, exhaling slowly.
He swallows, stopping that thought before it turns him down a dark path.
Castiel’s hands are on his face, his bright clear eyes on Dean's, lake water clinging to his eyelashes.
She smiles at him, teeth flashing in the afternoon light.
“Can I ask you somethin’?”
Dean whips his head around, glaring at him. Sam holds his breath.
“I can’t—just—“
But he's too afraid.
“Okay, now who’s being blasphemous?” Castiel mutters, cutting his sausage.
He kneels swiftly and picks up the revolver, pointing it at Dean, who backs up, frightened, his hands in the air.
He looks away.
“It’s the only thing that makes sense,” he replies. Otherwise we’d all be dust about now.”
“Yes. We did,” he says slowly, removing the arm from his shoulder. “What is going on?”
Charlie stares at him, shocked into silence.
Being a group of late twenty-somethings with healthy appetites, the topic of love and relationships comes up quite frequently, and Dean is always the lone holdout. He firmly believes there’s no such thing as real love, something his friends try to talk him out of with an irritatingly increasing frequency—but he sticks to his guns, every time.
Castiel’s fingers twitch.
Castiel tenses. He hadn’t meant—
“I know.”
“You open me up a beer, and I’ll tell you all about it,” he says, smirking at him.
“That all you got?" Dean asks, those hot eyes fixed on his.
“See? Even the tailor’s got the hots for you, Cas,” Charlie whispers. “Told you all that cross country training would come in handy someday.”
“Well, after the stunt you pulled, the hell I’m letting you go alone,” Anna says to Emmanuel. Gabriel looks between the two of them.
Cat doesn’t move. Dean sighs.
“I think we need a little background, hot wings.”
“You really got a mouth on you, Winchester,” he mutters.
“Are you??” Cas says out loud, indignant.
Castiel bites his lip.
She stares at him, unblinking.
“Kill him."
In walks a small woman, hair long and dark. Luke flips the coin in his palm.
Raphael drags his face back to center, laughing.
Dean hesitates. The stranger said Dean was not his enemy, but that is no reason for trust.
Castiel just stares at him. Dean succeeds in getting his shoes off and tosses them aside, ignoring Castiel's confused expression.
"Folks like you could make trouble," he says in a low growl.
“Hmm?”
Cas pushes himself up off the wall.
Anna snarls.
“I am sorry. Meg has always been a bit of a…wild card, shall we say. That’s why they sent me this time. Top of my class.”
Something akin to relief floods through Dean, followed instantly by the hot sting of anger. He knows that rough voice.
Sam sits back in his chair, leaving it for now.
Dean looks back at his book, his cheeks hot.
Dean turns. The woman rolls her eyes, then dips down—pulling up a dirty brown hat—one Dean recognizes as his own. She tosses it to him, her eyes fixed on Dean, narrowed in dislike.
Castiel rolls his eyes.
“Cas,
“His turn. We can kill her later,” he hears her say.
“He’s a good man.” Sam inhales deeply. “One of the best.”
She holds out a hand, and Dean hands her the bow, sitting back to watch the master at work.
He considers lifting up the rest of the shirt to look at Dean's back, when the hand is ripped out of his grasp, and Castiel is shoved backward.
More nods.
“Love,” he admits.
“And I seem to remember you saying God’s name,” he breathes, stepping closer. “Over, and over…and over—“
Dean imagines he holds his hand.
“Gabe, really, I don’t know if—“
“We’re gonna get him back,” she whispers. “Okay?”
He flicks his fingers, and the air around them sparks with bolts of white fire. Abaddon rolls her eyes.
Oh, god, Castiel.
Around the circle, the other men laugh, dark and ugly. One moves off to where their horses are tied, further down on the thin excuse for a trail. There’s no way for Dean to pass by them.
The camera flashes and they all melt out of the forced poses, some chuckling, some scowling. It’ll probably be the only chance they’ll get to have all eight of them together again, and not a single one of them has a camera on them.
“Yeah.”
He looks north, but the camp stretches on and on, next to the freshly laid track. Dean only stops when he spies an anvil, set up outside one of the tents, and quickly swings off his horse.
“Is it from the Marshal?” Sam asks eagerly. Dean brushes him off.
“You said that already.”
“Wh…what?”
“I love you,” he murmurs.
Dean whirls back to Cas, but it’s not Cas, no—he’s melting, like a wax candle dripping and distorting under a flame.
Castiel squints at his mailbox, key poised in his hand.
Mary hefts the bow, smoothing her hands over the wood. She holds it up, as if to aim, pulling back the string, one eye sliding closed.
“Dean, what the hell—”
“What else?” Dean shouts.
“You’ll be dead before you make it three paces. And even if you do...she never misses,” he says.
Zeke swallows, glancing over at Anna, where she’s talking to Hannah at the table.
“Bite me," Dean shoots back.
When Anna boarded that train, her tiny hand clasped in the social worker’s, Dean hadn’t known. His whole existence had changed, he just hadn’t known it yet.
“'Cause you were jealous of me.”
Anna’s jaw tightens, and she nods a few times, looking down.
Sam nods gravely. Gabriel pushes back from his desk, yelling towards the hall.
Castiel glances over at Dean, who’s absolutely beaming.
“You demonic piece of shit—you’re dead,
Dean shrugs. Yeah, sure, he’d rather have gone somewhere in the contiguous United States, but their Hawaii honeymoon has turned out to be pretty damn awesome.
He slowly lowers his hand, trying not to spook it.
"Yeah, I heard." She glances over at the two Remingtons. "Guess the whole 'statute of secrecy' thing is out the window, huh?"
“N-no. No.”
“Really tries a guy’s patience.”
“Not quite.”
But here Dean was, stuck attempting to summarize eighteen years of friendship.
“Bein’ too drunk to get on your horse doesn’t count, Sam.”
None of them move.
“We gotta get him out of that coat,” she says absently.
He whirls and slams his hand into the wall.
He hesitates briefly, then straightens and turns, handing it out to him.
Castiel seizes his wrist, his arm shaking with the effort. Luke snarls at him, fighting to twist from Castiel's grip.
There’s a sudden shift of movement, and Castiel looks up to see Dean staring at him. He’s closer, much closer—he must have crawled right up to him without Castiel noticing. The proximity is not…unpleasant, but still unnerving at the same time.
“You know, we are in a church…”
Lilith has his sister. Probably torturing her—putting her through the same hell, trying to force her into saying yes.
The girl stares at him, her expression unreadable. Then without a word, she stands, leaving him at the table. Dean’s brow quickly darkens in anger, and he is about to call after her—when she returns, slapping two mugs of ale down on the table in front of Dean.
“No need to be so twitchy,” he says, sniffing. “Only trying to help.”
The demon wipes his lips, raising an eyebrow. Castiel crosses his arms.
Dean narrows his eyes.
“You wanna know what we were talking about? You.”
“Shit, sorry—“
“She wouldn’t have gone after you if not for me,” he whispers, shaking his head. “It’s...it's my fault.”
“Yeah, you got a bounty on you?” Bose rips Dean's hat off, seizing his chin. “Winchester?”
Dean sees the look on his face, and he sits up, trying to backtrack.
“Gather round, friends,” she says. “I have a plan.”
“Something like that,” he mumbles, digging out his wallet.
Dean looks at him.
“Stop that.”
“You tell him, Red.”
She bites her lip.
Eileen sighs.
“And broke his arm,” Castiel finishes. Both brothers look at him.
“Hey.”
She finally finds the proper page, the one Raphael had shown her all those months ago, sliding it across the table with false promises and an oily smile.
Castiel digs a knee up into him, but it barely does anything—more like fucking turns him on, because Dean shudders, gasping out a shallow breath.
“And Alastair?”
Castiel tightens his grip on the shotgun, still warm in his hands.
Eileen raises an eyebrow.
“It’s been fun testing out this vessel, but I think it’s time to get down to business,” she purrs, clasping her hands behind her back. “Perhaps I’ll kill this Crowley myself.”
Then he faceplants again, and Dean brushes a hand through his hair, leaving him to it.
He wanders over to the couch, dropping himself down.
She wipes her eyes, practically in tears.
Mary stares at him.
“He loves to play the class clown. He’s practically Charlie’s jester. Nothing of consequence has ever come out of his mouth. He’s all jokes and no substance.”
“If you’ll have me,” he says softly.
Anna stares for a moment, then stands. She walks over slowly, reaching out a hand to touch the soft suppleness of it. She brushes gingerly over the leather, and she frowns, looking down.
Castiel grimaces.
Then Morgan turns those eyes on him, and the breath goes out of Sam's lungs.
This is
“You’re getting old, Em,” Meg says nonchalantly over breakfast. “There’s a man been tailing you since Ouray.”
She snips through his old stitches and starts to pull them out, squinting at his side.
“I’ll send you the final version.”
Dean reaches out, stopping him on the third.
A Lincoln Continental from the 70’s that Dean saved from the scrap pile―it needs new wheels and a redo on the exteriors―but the frame is good, and Dean’s gonna have the whole thing reworked as an electric, ‘cause Cas bitches at him enough for the Impala’s carbon footprint. It’s practical, ostentatious, perfect for his needs, and exactly the kind of thing Cas wouldn’t buy for himself.
“Better get my kicks in while I can, then."
Dean stiffens a little, his hands tightening briefly on his before he relaxes, closing his eyes. Castiel holds his breath.
“Aw, Cas. you always say the nicest things.”
Gabriel glares at him, murder in his eyes. Dean sinks his head in his hands, staring mutely down at the table.
He nods towards Dean.
“C’mon,” he says, a slight shake in his voice. “You gotta know.”
“Think I might have to get back to you on that."
“Charlie’s working on possible ways to break through to him,” he says eventually. “Lilith and company are still looking for you, but they’ve got bigger things on their mind at the moment.”
Castiel doesn’t react. He just smiles cruelly, turning back to his supplies.
Dean rubs slow circles over Cas’s hipbones with his thumbs, closing his eyes again as Cas helps rinse the suds from his hair. Cas reaches to put the shampoo back and groans a little as a joint in his back pops.
Sam looks behind him, his eyes narrowing. Dean’s face is hard, the brief happiness at seeing Bobby again vanished. But that strange vulnerability of before is back, when Dean was pleading, with everything he had, to go after Emmanuel.
Dean finishes up with his speech, to great applause, and hastily exits the stage. To his surprise, Dean immediately makes his way towards Cas, smiling sheepishly.
Sam frowns.
Castiel takes the mug of coffee Gabriel promptly shoves into his hands.
“Dean.” He gasps, hitting him again. “Dean!”
“And don’t you dare tell me I can’t. You’re a lot of things, Cas, but I never thought hypocrite would be one of them.”
He takes a seat in front of the wash basin, holding out a hand. Emmanuel looks at him, raising an eyebrow.
“Thank you,” he breathes.
Eileen glares at him.
“What?”
“You haven’t won, Abaddon,” he gasps out. “Not as long as I’m around.”
“Hi, there,” he says, flashing her his most charming smile. “Table for two, please.”
"Gabriel okay?" Dean's voice says.
—that was definitely tongue.
Emmanuel looks up. His eyes are watery, starting to glaze as the opiate slips into his bloodstream. Dean knows he’s only got a few minutes. But he has to know.
Charlie plants her hands on her hips. She’s starting to look pissed. Dean backtracks.
“These letters…”
“But I for one, am damn interested.”
Castiel scrapes against the ground, panting for breath.
Castiel digs up a smile from somewhere, plastering it on his face.
“Wait—“
Dean’s eyes widen for a second, before he laughs, throwing his head back. Even his throat is beautiful. Castiel wants to lick it.
Castiel takes his hand again. Dean takes another great breath, and sinks down.
“Hello,” he says. “Are you from the garden, too?”
Dean pauses at that. It took balls, for Cas to confront him—
“We’ll see each other again,” Dean breathes, swallowing thickly. “R-right?”
“Dean, stop—”
They break apart, Bobby gripping Sam’s shoulders. The older man looks him up and down, utterly in disbelief.
“Mmhmm,” Cas says absently, combing over Dean’s scalp, massaging gently. “Thanks for hogging the bed, by the way.”
Castiel feels the burn again, searing underneath his skin. He can’t see Dean, only hear his breath as he nears him, and Castiel swallows, trying to stop his trembling.
“Well. Excuse me if I don’t believe you.”
His breath surges back into his body, his back arching with the force of it. He chokes, lungs burning.
“And maybe a few out in the good ol’ homeland, you really can’t tell these days—”
Castiel ducks, throwing up an arm to shield himself. The ground beneath his feet jolts, glass clattering around him. He looks up cautiously, breathing hard.
He clumsily taps Dean’s face, his throat choked in fear.
There's a long moment of tense silence, when none of them speak. It's finally broken by Gabriel, who sweeps up one of the stacks, rifling through creased bills.
Castiel is completely silent as he watches Dean divest himself of his rough cotton shirt, his belt, then everything else.
Bela makes a quick dart for the back of the room, but a soft tsking noise freezes her.
They left before the others, who said they’d meet them here. Cas scans the dancing crowd, but can’t pick any of his friends out amongst the masks and costumes. Which he supposes is the point.
She draws the stem from her mouth, admiring it briefly before tossing it somewhere over shoulder.
“Oh—sorry, whoops—”
“One,” he says, and Emmanuel throws him from the car.
Dean frowns, craning his neck.
“Dean, I—I can’t lose you.”
“Charlie thinks so, but Sam is less sure. He says Dean would be mortified if Cas ever found out.”
Ruby stands.
“Two men comin’ up,”  he says curtly, drawing his pistol.
“Watch me,” Castiel says, but he’s smiling.
She gives a weak laugh.
Charlie and Sam had warned them there might be pockets of demons that could come calling—followers of Abaddon that had survived, and maybe were hoping for revenge. Anna doesn’t comment, but she notices any demon who mentions Abaddon’s name always dies—dies very quickly, and always by Castiel’s hand. They run across a couple of them. Most of the movements to get Abaddon back, led by demons operating under the illusion she’s not dead—they flame out eventually, put out by hunters, or destroyed themselves from lack of leadership. There’s one with yellow eyes, a couple months later—gets a little too uppity, and comes dangerously close to finding another way to open the door back to Hell. Anna kills him herself.
“I want to tell her that….”
What Cas wants now.
“There’s got to be another way,” Sam pleads desperately.
Balthazar shrugs.
“Bachelor party,” Dean finishes with her. He drops his head, groaning.
He moves quickly, lest someone should appear to stop him—and he grabs the bowl, upending the cherries and sending them scattering. He eyes the thin porcelain clutched in his hands, taking a deep breath.
It was explained to Castiel, and he listened dutifully, that occasionally these sort of acts were required. Not miracles, per se, but little pushes, little nudges, all to ensure the correct path. The grand plan.
She jerks her head, calling Bela forward.
“I’m so sorry, Cas, they were watching me, and I couldn’t come—“
Dean swallows, unnerved under the scrutiny. Not afraid, merely...unsettled.
She looks back at the hills, hoping, praying even, that she’ll see a group of riders, a man—
So that one time was convenient, yes. But mostly, Anna and Castiel just carry on like they always have.
“Quick about it now, boy.”
Then—off to his right—a barrage of gunshots, shouting—exploding the silence.
That was….stupid. Incredibly stupid of him.
“No,” Castiel hisses.
“Anna, with me," Emmanuel continues. "We’re going to need a few things."
Sent:
A thunderous clatter, and they break apart—a cart careening through the crowd, driven by none other than—
<hey!
He steps forward, smacking Dean’s shoulder.
He sighs.
Dean turns back and looks at the pair of them in the mirror, just taking in the sight. Sam nudges him slightly.
“You think I didn’t know you would come?”
“Run, Castiel!” She yells
He pants hard into his ear, fingers digging into the sheets below him. Dean runs his hands up and down his back and up to his face, coaxing him, urging him on.
Castiel struggles against the haze in his brain. They’re sitting right across from Sam and Gabriel, but for all he knows, it feels like they’re alone, that the world’s confined to just the space in between them, only Dean’s voice in his ears.
“Be smart, boy,” he threatens. “And maybe you’ll keep your life.”
“Come on,” he says, standing. “I have an idea.”
“You ready?” He asks.
He places the tip of Castiel’s knife underneath his chin.
“No,” Castiel chokes out. “No—“
Cas is quiet, and Dean chances a glance up. His face is unreadable, and Dean’s heart drops.
“You marry me.”
Castiel can’t think. Dean pulls him closer, breathless. Their hips are touching dangerously, his hand on the back of his neck—
“What a waste.”
?” He says again.
“You’re all idiots,” Dean says loudly.
“I just thought…well, maybe we could go again,” Dean stammers, glancing up at him. “Of course, if you’re—if you’re up for it.” His fingers play with the plastic edge, fiddling with the corners.
“You can’t do a thing to hurt me,” it hisses. “You’re nothing.”
The air crackles with heat as the beginnings of Dean’s wings flare, bolts of flickering blue lightning sparking behind him. The sigils in his arms glow white-hot as he seizes Castiel again.
Gabriel finishes and steps back, wiping his nose.
“But ever since—well…since I…rebelled—“
“Then what?” he snarls. The demon sighs.
Both Anna and Gabriel look to Emmanuel, who finally shrugs.
Sam mutely shakes his head, tucking the photograph back into his pocket.
Then she starts forward, slow, unhurried. Bela’s hand twitches.
Part of Castiel wants to look, to turn around and see how it's possible, how he can feel Dean stroking his hair, his hands, moving down his back and neck and arms all at once. But he doesn’t, because he doesn’t want to break the spell. Castiel doesn’t ever want this to end.
“I already got Cas and Gabe mothering me,” she snaps. “Don’t you start, too.”
He waits as the demon pants in front of him, arms uselessly pulling at their ties. Slowly, slowly, the demon raises its head, black eyes fixing on his.
He sighs, clasping his hands together.
“Pathetic,” he mutters.
The glass goes black and Dean tucks it away into his pocket.
Castiel grips his hand tighter, trying to ignore the blood-soaked skin under his fingers.
Dean stares after him for a long while, then groans, dragging a hand over his face.
There’s power and heat, and he thinks he hears the clash of metal, blades and shouts—
"Why didn't you just tell me?" he grits out. "About Alastair?"
“It’s not your fault,” Anna murmurs.
Castiel shudders. No, no,
Time drags on. The sky grows dark, and servants step out of the shadows to light candles. It’s been hours, Dean is sweating in the stifling room, his doublet chafing his neck—and he hates every single last person in Daughton.
“What have you been….doing with it?”
Castiel growls, seizing Dean’s neck and roughly rolling him over, shoving him back to the pillows. Dean makes a small noise of surprise that’s swallowed as Castiel rocks forward on top of him, capturing his lips and taking control, rolling his hips until Dean is the one panting, clinging to Castiel.
“Christ, Cas, that was years ago.”
Castiel pulls back, his throat tight. Dean blows out his breath, staring at the ceiling.
It kills him to ask, but her life is more important than Castiel’s stubborn desire to hang onto his jealousy.
He turns back to the forest, a strange melancholy in his heart.
He shuffles off, but Emmanuel stays, frozen. He hasn’t moved since Anna stormed off. He’s staring blankly at the ground before him, his lip swelling with blood.
After the shootout, they beat a hasty retreat from the alley. The men were definitely no longer a problem, but there was no way the commotion hadn’t been heard by someone nearby. Sam led and the woman followed—and somehow they managed to get back to the inn without raising suspicion. In the high of adrenaline and the escape, Sam didn’t question it—but now, as he looks up at this stranger, blocking the only exit, he's starting to wonder if he made a mistake.
Castiel looks up, wondering why Anna said that—but he blinks, and realizes it’s another woman, with hair the same vibrant shade of red. She must be one of the employees—complete with glasses and the nametag at a jaunty angle on her shirt—staring intently at Dean, her brow furrowed.
Cas tilts his head, watching him. Dean swallows.
“You’re a snake.”
so much fucking angst. holy shit.
He curves a hand around his cheek, looking wistfully at his own hand. He can touch him now, but come sunrise…
Dean’s grin falters.
Sam stops trying to light his match, looking back at Bobby.
“Six,” he answers tersely.
Castiel manages to get on his feet, but he thinks it’s solely through instinct. Everything in him is threatening to collapse.
“No, Cas—that’s not what I—“
Castiel stiffens too.
Eileen nearly chokes, and suddenly looks guilty, avoiding his eyes.
He drops his head briefly, grasping for words, fingers gripping tight.
Gabriel jerks back as the ground shakes again.
Castiel fumbles, desperately gripping at the sheets beneath him. Dean slips his other hand under Castiel, fingers trailing over his skin.
Castiel shivers, pausing for a moment. His eyes are closed.
Gabriel glances over to where Dean’s poked his head over the edge of the bed, hair disheveled and sticking up every which way.
Eileen looks over at Sam.
“It’s you, Cas,” he whispers. “It’s always been you.”
Abaddon scoffs, her tone full of disdain.
Bobby raises an eyebrow.
Castiel frowns, looking up at him.
Benny nods, giving the Continental an approving once-over.
But it doesn't last long. The ride’s pretty short, and barely an hour and a half later, they’re pulling into the driveway of the busted up house—the one Zeke and Hannah have been using as their hideout the past couple years.
Dean shrugs, tapping his fingers on the table.
Behind them, there’s the thunderous sound of hooves, Sam and another rider—pulling up sharply when they see the madness unfolding before them.
He returns the gun, and Dean swallows, willing to calm his beating heart. He slowly turns his back to Emmanuel, popping out the cylinder. The revolver’s loaded. Six shots.
"Oh, honey,” she says, shaking her head.
Castiel drags a hand through his damp hair, thinking. Maybe...the only reason he managed to get those hits in in the first place is because Dean isn’t at full strength.
They both whirl, gaping at her. Anna snarls, bolting forward.
Castiel blinks his eyes open, wondering how he ended up on the floor.
“Yeah, it’s just—“ He sighs. “Weird.”
Anna gives him a look, but then sighs, settling back in the seat.
Cas lifts his head, his expression quickly turning devilish.
“Excited.” Dean repeats.
He makes eye contact with the other man, holding up his bloodied hands. “Some water, you mind?”
Castiel snarls, but Anna quickly cuts him off, raising her hands.
won’t have time for you?” Castiel repeated scathingly. God, he should have known, it’s just like Dean―shove the blame off himself and project it onto Castiel instead of owning his feelings like an adult.
Dean holds his breath, inching forward.
“Who are you?”
to scream about Season 12 ♥
They drift for a while, lilting slightly upward with the wind. Cas presses a soft kiss to his temple, his voice calm.
Dean swallows, looking as well. The sky is lightening, no longer black but a deep blue, the stars disappearing. Castiel is silent, but his face is a storm of conflict—a sort of longing tinged with sadness—too heartbreaking for words.
“Hmm.”
He canters around, before pulling up to a halt, facing the rest of the hunting party.
“Don’t—interrupt me—while I’m
It becomes an odd little occasion, three angels and three humans, crammed around a dining room table in an old church, temporary sigils winking in the light.
The ground below, ready to swallow him again into its depths.
Charlie crosses her arms once he leaves, giving him a pointed look.
“Like it's the most wondrous thing on the planet. I’ve been in hundreds of diners like this. Believe me, it’s nothing special.”
The man’s revolver drops to the dirt, he slides sideways, and is still.
Dean blanches.
(ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
But Dean is motionless. Those eyes are wide and dark, his mouth slightly parted, flushed and skin shining dully in the dim light of Castiel's room. His hands are trembling.
Dean smiles.
Dean just looks at his shoes. Charlie sighs.
“What?”
Sam shoots a glance over at the other two. They’re watching the interaction, tense and silent. But they don’t contradict her story.
—because he had one of those, didn’t he—because even with a dead wife, he still had a four-year-old son that needed him.
“You seem distant these days,” she muses.
“…In a ditch.”
She has not failed to notice her son’s eagerness—she would have been blind to not to notice the change in Dean tonight—but now, the prince is silent and taciturn, his mood darkening, black as the night outside.
Gabriel frowns, but Castiel cuts him off again.
She backs away, but there’s nowhere to go. Her back hits the wall, but still, Alastair slowly approaches her, his gaze unblinking.
“Where?”
“This one will be fun,” Charlie says, scrolling quickly. “Promise.”
“I’ll be fine. But I don’t know how much help I can be without use of my fingers,” he says. “And he needs help. Now.” He indicates Castiel, who’s growing paler with every second, his eyes starting to close.
“He had his father,” he says softly. “That’s more than some of us had.”
Dean busts through the door like the devil himself is behind him. Bobby and Sam follow, spilling into the doorway, bleeding, dirty, panicked and exhausted.
He stops, but doesn’t turn around.
Castiel walks through the crowded front shop, delicately avoiding stepping on some of the friskier leaves of the potted plants that dot the aisles.
“How old are you, kid?”
He abruptly cuts off at Dean’s look, understanding slowly dawning on his face.
Dean seizes him and roughly pins him against the wall.
And off tequila, no less. Maybe if they had some sacramental wine…
“Oh, okay, I take it back, get off me—“
Dean seizes Castiel by the neck and drags him up to his knees, his own silver blade sliding into his hand. He pulls it back, ready to strike.
Then Balthazar speaks.
Castiel sags, the transfer of energy leaving him weak. It's like watching a film in reverse—Sam rises dazedly, and when he understands what has occurred, he is the one now shaking his brother’s lifeless body, agony in his voice.
Castiel’s voice is soft, but clear.
“Oh, oh, oh.” He beams. “So glad there’s an angel in the mix.”
And the guy probably isn’t there anyway. Yesterday had to have been a fluke. Dean is the only one with late-night access, right?
"We can't move from here," he says to the outlaw. "We’re pinned down.”
She elbows him, and Castiel obliges, letting go.
“Not likely. They’re all saving themselves for His Majesty over there,” he says, jerking his head towards his brother.
Dean snickers, but doesn’t push it.
“Who?” Max asks.
He sits up. Dean’s still at the sink, back turned to him.
“Still got that mouth, I see,” he says. But he’s smiling, his joy at seeing Sam again spilling into every action. Sam reflects Bobby's smile, beaming. But when the thought of Dean returns, his mood sours.
The computer beeps, and Anna yanks it towards her.
The man is much more agreeable after that. He comes out to inspect Butler’s horse, casting a critical eye over the raggy fur and weathered saddle. Sam waits impatiently through the inspection. He’s seen a couple different settlements on the trail, farms and the like, from folks who wanted to stay out of the city. He’d stopped and asked after Dean at every single one, but none had been any help. Most looked at him with suspicion—and Sam couldn’t blame them. With rustlers and reports of more outlaw activity, a strange man coming 'round asking questions wasn’t exactly welcome. Most folks were immediately suspicious of Sam, combination of him being an outsider and his intimidating stature, causing them to clam up as soon as he came near. One woman had pulled a rifle on him and shouted at him to get the hell off her property before Sam could open his mouth and speak a damn word. There had been one or two who were willing to spare some bread, but Sam’s near out of the meager supplies he took with him from Creede. He’s hungry from forgoing a meal the night before, and his side is aching from riding. Not to mention corralling and dragging along this damn horse with him every step of the way. It's not really Sam's place to sell her, but it's either this or turn tail and head home empty-handed.
“Since when?”
“Cas—“
Dean steps back, his eyes widening. Castiel feels that prickle at the back of his mind, his anger getting the better of him.
Anna holds out her hand, eyeing Castiel cautiously, as if he's about to charge. He clenches his fists, glaring as she grabs a towel, kneeling and turning to the man on the floor.
Michael leers.
Dean strips off his NYPD issued jacket, sourly wishing he had left the jeans at home. He and Cas exit the van, and are soon in the entrance area of the restaurant—and there’s their perp right in front of them.
They talk about nothing in particular while the humans finish up their breakfast. Sam politely refuses everything he’s offered, sending reproving but amused looks at Dean as he steals from Castiel’s plate.
He waits, and Dean finally speaks.
“Yes,” Emmanuel says firmly, grabbing his horse’s reins. “And don’t go wandering.”
“You’d be surprised.”
He had even let the servants lace him up this time, deft fingers working at his sides as Dean stared at himself in the mirror, swallowing the nervous feeling in his throat. He could not focus on his own appearance; all Dean could picture was Castiel’s face.
Since that first night, Castiel has been at Dean’s house, every single day. They’ve talked about Castiel’s practice, about Dean’s business, Sam, Charlie—they even debated the finer points of combining medicine and magic, something Dean remembers Mom lecturing about frequently, as their village’s resident healer. They’ve even spent some time getting to know each other in other ways, even if Castiel is too much of a gentleman to go further than what have been some of the best kisses of Dean’s life.
He's been going to the lake, almost every night. He knows he's behind in his studies, but all the goings on at court just don’t interest him anymore. He spends his time waiting for the sun to go down so he can ride to the lake and be with Castiel again. No one knows, but Dean dares not let anyone in on the secret. If word got out that there was a curse—and a sorceror in their lands—who knows what chaos that could unleash.
“You’re never gonna let that go, are you?”
“And still not enough to pay his gambling debt,” the man mutters.
They all start helping themselves as Charlie and Gabriel dive into an engrossed conversation about sigils, Sam occasionally piping in. Castiel gets lost during the following argument, which surprisingly consists of a lot of quantum mechanics. Despite not needing to eat, all the angels help themselves, even Sam tentatively trying some.
“Whoaaa―”
Castiel pauses, chewing at his lip.
The outlaw doesn't say anything, but his eyes harden. Hull snickers, gesturing with the rifle.
Castiel's frown deepens, but he says nothing. Dean takes a deep breath.
Emmanuel chuckles, a dark rich sound, like whiskey and honey.
“It's possible,” he says. “I kill a lot of people.”
Until Dean’s hand finds his.
“You can’t know that—“
Castiel pretends to busy himself with his knife until he hears the sound of wings. He smirks, turning back to see an empty room. Hmmph. At least his threats were starting to work.
“I can take a shift. Watch over him.”
“And that’s our cue. Thanks, Ellen! Dean and Cas are officially
else…”
He squeezes her hand, smiling.
“Anna!
“You think I know?”
Pain in the ass, stubbornly loyal…but just as strong, Castiel thinks, rubbing his throat. He’s probably have some nice bruises by tomorrow.
He straightens his jacket, giving Castiel a little nod. He returns it slowly. He watches as Balthazar downs the last of his scotch, debating.
“I couldn’t let you die, Cas. I couldn’t leave you there—“
“Shit,” he breathes lowly.
Beside him, Charlie stills.
He automatically grips his wrist where the rosary is wound, still broken. 23 years it’s been broken. And he’ll never fix it.
“I suppose this is what you were looking for,” the man says carelessly, setting something on the desk in front of him.
“They’re coming, Dean, and they’re not just sending the grunts anymore,
He places a hand on his elbow and Sam starts as if from a dream, jerking his eyes up to Dean.
Then his eyes fall on Castiel, and they darken rapidly.
“Consider your wish granted.”
“Honestly, these fancy places should just have that kind of stuff," he grumbles. “Not like any of us are going to steal it, and if we do, it’s just another thing they can charge us for—”
Behind them, a soft white light begins to glow, banishing the obscure dark. Sam does not notice, or see. He is too caught up in his grief, mourning over a now-empty shell.
. Castiel isn’t a hero, even if he tries, even if he desperately wants to be. His sister is the one who is, who's always been the better of the two of them—and now, God—she's
“Thank you,” he says softly.
Meg grabs his hand and pulls him through the crowd, away from the bar. Dean throws Emmanuel a glance of alarm, but Emmanuel just shrugs and smiles, following.
Dean sighs, his thumb stroking softly over his skin.
He bolts up, hand going for the gun underneath his pillow. It’s still dark outside—and in the other bed he sees Sam up too, rubbing at his bleary eyes.
He drops the horse’s leg, swearing again.
“Fuck you, Cas!” He yells, but it’s ripped away, lost in the roaring wind.
He stops midsentence and suddenly backs away, his face setting.
Dean hands it over, and steps back, chewing his lip. Castiel tilts the glass in his hands, gentle and careful.
Anna pauses, one hand on the door handle.
to people—“
“But dammit,” Sam mutters. “If I ain’t gonna try.”
Cas takes a sip of his beer, pursing his lips. He knows he’s being an ass about this, but he’s a little put out that his best friend decided to secretly start dating someone and not tell him about it. If they hadn’t been so goddamn obvious, Cas would still be in the dark about it. He can be a little obtuse sometimes, he knows, but hell. He’s not
He heard them talking last night when they thought he was asleep. Twenty miles outside Ridgeville. Gabriel wanted to pass through town, but their leader decided against it.
Dean is wild.
The room is dark, swathed in cloth, dusky gold and reds, muting the moonlight filtering through. The sun has already set, and they’re just edging past midnight, for the peak of the blood moon.
He pulls out a few coins, some of the last he has. He places them on the bar, pushing them forward. The man’s face splits out into a greedy smile.
“Yes?” He says rudely.
“Anna…”
Ruby lets out a low whistle.
“You—“
So Dean ignores him, instead checking over his finished handiwork. Sam’s now perfectly presentable, which will please Mother.
Dean curls up in the corner, staring out of the tiny window in the corner. Tomorrow. They’re hanging him tomorrow, and then he’ll be free from all of this.
“Excuse me?”
“Hey,” he says tiredly. His eyes roam over Castiel, seeing his stillness, and down to the book in his own hands. Sam gestures towards it, his expression guilty.
“What?”
The man whimpers, and she snarls, digging the blade into his skin.
The man curls up a piece of parchment, rapping it sharply against the table.
Castiel is taken aback.
He stays for a while, just watching, even though his charge has long since disappeared from view. Humanity is endlessly fascinating, and Castiel has never had the chance to see it this close.
Dean slides off his saddle, hitting the ground hard. The man immediately sets off, but Dean sprints after him, and is on Marv in a heartbeat.
“Dean.”
Castiel barely dares to breathe, the sharp tip of a knife pressed to his throat.
”You can do this, you idiot,” he mutters, trying to psyche himself up. “Just say hi, because, hey, y’know, we’re always practicing at the same time, and hey maybe we could play together or something or—”
He barely gets steady on his feet before Sam is tossing something at him. Castiel snatches it out of the air without thinking.
Eileen smiles. She’s pleasantly buzzed, and everything about the night has been perfect so far. They’ve finally reached their final stop of the Marquee Club, where the others will join them. Eileen’s looking forward to getting a dance out of Sam.
Cas shakes his head.
Dean stalks forward, his voice boiling with barely-contained hatred.
Castiel swallows. Oh god. No.
“No, I shouldn’t have—“
“No idea.”
He looks up at Dean, his eyes tortured and wet, his voice thick with anguish.
"I have many," he admits quietly. "If you do not mind."
Dean pokes his tongue in his cheek, squinting at him.
He stills against the broken earth, closing his eyes.
“Amen,” Eileen says.
Castiel huffs, but he doesn’t move.
“What was it you were telling me the other day?” Gabe continues. “That Cas was
Gabriel looks down at Ellsworth.
“Going against orders, huh?” He asks. “Guess old habits die hard.”
“And a half,” Cas interjects, giving the woman a sort of long-suffering but doe-eyed look.
It happened kinda by accident.
Cas makes an abortive move, reaching towards their drawer for the lube and probably condoms, but Dean stops him, grabbing Cas’s wrist.
He’s not sure he can trust her, but...he owes her. A try, at least.
He had rehearsed this conversation in his mind so many times, but of all the possible reactions he had come up with responses to,
Luckily, Dean’s hiding place was rock solid.
Emmanuel knocks the rifle away and sends a punch straight to Hull’s jaw—who hits the ground and is finished with a quick shot. Emmanuel turns, coat sweeping around him as his eagle eyes take in the rest—one fleeing, one taking refuge behind some barrels, sending shots towards the three outlaws.
“You don’t get tired of the water?” He asks softly.
“And it’s my fault,” Sam grits out. “At the warehouse—I was waiting with him, and when they showed…”
But the end goal is the same―Cas is in his arms and now Dean can focus on kissing Castiel’s anger away, which―Dean smirks to himself―works like a charm.
“What was that?” He asks, smirking.
Anna’s eyes are flaming, her fury thick and hot in the air between them.
“Yes, that’s what I’m getting at.”
He jumps.
“Y-yes! Yes. Zachariah. I th-think so.”
He sounds exhausted.
Dean tries to follow—but Cat weaves in between his legs, nearly tripping him, still crying loudly.
He pulls down the heavy book from its shelf, glancing over his shoulder as he does so. Bobby’s currently downstairs, fussing with the kitchen maids about dinner, no doubt—but Dean is still wary. Bobby did not like anyone touching his precious tomes, and Dean isn’t sure how he’d explain his sudden thirst for the history of the region.
Dean bites his tongue, his guilt increasing tenfold. While he was off playing outlaw, his brother had been going through hell, not knowing if Dean was alive or dead, doing god knows what to get him back—
Dean knocks over his watering can.
Castiel’s heart is beating wildly, unable to think, unable to form questions. He just revels in Dean, Dean back, Dean in his arms again—
“Now c’mon, you softie,” he says, smiling.
Dean leans in, wrapping his arms around Cas's neck.
“Are you
So Emmanuel is one of the pack, the new breed of outlaws that had come, hot on the heels of the rush and the war. Some soldiers had nothing else to do, and wandered out west to find their fortune, and found it lay not in the ground, or in the creeks, but behind the barrel of a gun. No one really knows, of course, because Emmanuel is the secretive sort. He's almost like the outlaws of legend in the dime novels Dean used to soak up as a kid—fleeting and shapeless as a shadow—always evading authorities, never leaving more than the echo of his laugh. Rumor is no one really knows what he looks like. It’s all legends and hearsay, some Dean knows must be exaggerated. Some say he’s the devil, or that he's an angel of death, that he kills without thinking. He'd been relatively unknown, just one of the other ruffians rustling up trouble—but after he crossed the state lines into Colorado territory and robbed several of Western Pacific’s trains, they put a price on his head. Suddenly, everyone was interested in Emmanuel. Wasn’t a bounty hunter west of the Mississippi that wasn’t keepin’ an eye out for the man.
He holds himself still until she nods, her shoulders settling.
timing,” she says.
He stands, pushing his way through the crowd. He didn’t ask for permission, but neither Anna nor Gabriel stop him. Hell—he’s helped them rob a train. If they still don’t trust him at this point, Dean’s not sure what else he can do.
“Whatever it is you’re about to say, save it.”
Castiel looks up.
He stands and wipes off his hands, grasping Benny’s briefly. Andrea’s husband, and a kickass guy to boot.
“In my Father’s house there are many rooms,” Dean recites softly. “If it were not so, would I have told you that I go, to prepare a place for you?”
Sam’s face is twisted in pain, but there’s anger there too.
“End this, Castiel!” She shouts, stalking after him. “You do not wish to see your friends die one by one!”
"All I'm saying is, it's pretty nice I got the angel of death as my friend."
“All I’m saying is…”
He inches forward.
He takes a deep breath, trying to relax.
“His vessel,” Anna repeats, shocked. “Me.”
“Yeah, well.” He turns away. “Me neither.”
Castiel lets out a noncommittal grunt. Dean sinks back in his seat, placing a hand over his heart.
“I’ll send out the bat signal. They all know what to say, right?”
All around them, the war continues, but they’re spared—ignored for this brief moment as the world collapses around them.
But something happens, he breathes too soon—and he sinks again, coughing and choking.
“Anna nearly bled to death after your precious
Anger flared within Castiel.
The shootout with the men hadn’t affected him this way, why is he now staggering to his knees, struggling for breath?
“Why?”
“Why should I?” Sam snarls.
He’s frozen, crouched before her, almost at a loss.
I raised him from that horrible place, but I did not tell him what I knew.
Cas moves and places himself directly in between them, eyes blazing with a righteous fury.
Max walks around the counter, and Cas shrinks back, holding his breath.
“Like I said.” She smiles. “I owe ya.”
“Please—“
“No, Sam—”
“Let me tell you exactly what you need to do.”
Dean kisses him first, a quick peck on the lips before he pops the Vicodin, leaning back and waiting for it to kick in.
He collapses, and Castiel runs to him.
Castiel makes his way up to the Observation Deck, taking a brief look around. There’s no one there, no one to spy on the captain of their ship, stealing away in the night for some much needed solitude. He walks the ramp to the very top part of the observatory, leaning his arms on the handrail. Castiel used to spend hours here. He would sit and watch the stars turn, feeling at once very small and very infinite. He sits now, staring out at the vast darkness before him. It’s utterly quiet, the electric hum of the ship the only sound in the gloom.
Benny is looking at him carefully, hands wrapped around his glass. Dean knows they’ve just met, but he feels like Benny can already read him like an open book, steely eyes breaking through all Dean’s uncertainty and hedging.
A shuffle of footsteps and the stomp of boots has Dean whirling around, whipping out his pistol. The three men in the doorway freeze, the first one raising his hand.
Dean swallows, the implication settling in.
Dean brings a hand to his cheek.
“What’s wrong?”
"My apologies, I—”
Castiel shrugs, avoiding his cocky gaze.
Cas lifts one shoulder, tilting his head.
But Alastair just laughs.
They continue to bicker back and forth as Gabriel starts to laugh, and Castiel sinks his head on his hand, wanting to burst.
Anna looks back and forth between the angels.
Dean takes Castiel’s hand, and they approach Sam where he’s waiting at the end of the aisle.
that.”
Sam drops his head, stifling a choked laugh. Dean smiles, sad and bittersweet.
“That man,” Pamela says scathingly. “That man who ran off with half my register!”
At the sound of hooves, Dean lifts his head.
Castiel shrugs.
But Dean is there, pushing him back.
And he’s being dragged away, from something, leaving something behind, and he can’t, he shouldn’t—
Raw pain filters through his voice.
“Yeah, whatever.” He rubs his cheek. “Never know if the angels will come back.”
“Call you later, Charlie,” Dean mutters. “Looks like I have a date with Netflix instead.”
In spite of his fear, Castiel sneers.
“You’re telling me.”
Castiel turns his eyes away. For the first time, he seems hesitant.
Her pale eyes fall upon Castiel, who is unchanging, keeping his vigil.
He pauses, aware of the sudden silence behind him. He turns in his saddle.
Castiel made me want to be human. To want emotion.
Anna. She’s so far away.
“Bullshit.”
“It’s good to see you, again, Cas,” Dean murmurs. “Really.”
Dean nods, finding himself unsurprised. Sam always had been the better tracker, out of the pair of them.
“Cas,” he breathes back, capturing his lips again. Dean's hands tug through Castiel's hair and come to settle on his neck, panting against him, insistent and demanding. Castiel vaguely remembers there’s something he’s supposed to be doing, some other reason for why he called Dean down, but as described earlier—upstairs brain is not functioning at the moment.
"After what you did...you think you came back, 100% pure?"
“I haven’t been
Time is fluid. It shifts and works—and for the longest time, I was nothing but a speck in the sea. A spark of energy in the roiling flood of life that was my family.
Dean closes his eyes, taking a shivering breath. Castiel reaches up, brushing his fingers over Dean’s cheek.
“This isn’t you—D-Dean…”
Sam stares straight forward, and doesn't answer. He lets the moments pass by, focusing instead on the monotonous shifting of the horse underneath him, the bright sun blending everything together, making the desert look washed out and hazy.
“Just fine. Did exactly as they were told.”
Conversation dwindles after that. Ruby doesn't try to pry anything else from him, and Sam isn't particularly forthcoming with conversation. By the time they stop at a small water station, around midday, the sun is hot and high, hanging heavy in the blue Colorado sky. Ruby fills up their canteens, and Sam splashes water onto the back of his neck, washing away the sweat and dirt that’s been sticking to his skin all morning. Ruby takes a drink and wipes her lips, scanning the meager place with a critical eye.
He pictures her face. He remembers all those they had saved, all those that would suffer if he didn’t take that final step, and he knows. He knows he doesn’t have a choice.
Castiel’s hand slips to Dean’s neck, his lips grazing his cheek.
“Stop it,” she chokes out. “Stop—“
“So…um. That proposal.”
Castiel can’t move. He feels trapped, locked in by her hypnotic gaze.
“They turned to a friend for help. Balthazar.” He dips his head. “As you might know...he doesn’t always have the best judgment. The Banes twins needed someone to keep their money, deliver it back to you. Instead, the man took it and ran.”
But Alastair continues.
“Hey, what the—”
Dean is still laughing.
He coughs at the pressure on his throat, trying to inch away from the blade.
This time there’s a brief pause, a scuffle and an echo of footsteps, and then the door opens. Dean smiles, whole face brightening when he sees who it is.
Dean beats him to the question, sputtering.
“No time—“ He says, breathless. “Just get here, get to my house.”
“Cat?” He stutters out.
Dean turns, jerking back when he sees how close Cas is behind him.
“Doctor, huh? That’s useful.” Ruby adjusts her gloves. “Where before that?”
“Um...yeah,” Dean says, shooting Sam a glance. "That's me."
“And yet you continue to hide Anna from us,” she sneers back.
“And what do you do?”
“Down below…that little piece of information would have broken you. The right time, the right place…”
He turns back to the window.
“Can’t wait to upgrade,” he murmurs.
He sees the tents first, the men with wheelbarrows, even women, children, mostly Chinese, all immigrants, from the looks of them. A group of men with sooty faces and pickaxes eye him as he passes, muttering amongst themselves. Dean presses on, keeping his eyes sharp for anyone who might be able to help, somewhere he might be able to hide—but the sharp clank of metal on metal, the rumble of workers pushing carts loaded with rock—it has him on edge.
are you doing?”
“Got your head up in the clouds with your precious
know is that she doesn’t plan on breaking.
Castiel holds up an indignant hand.
Castiel stares at him. Gabriel gives an aborted attempt at a laugh.
“I want to touch you,” he murmurs. “But I don’t know if I can.”
“I—wait. What are you talking about?” His gaze darts back and forth, to Bela, then back to Anna’s panicked face. “Cas was just here.”
He turns back to her, their hands still clasped.
Gabriel waves away his words with an impatient hand.
Dean is fuming, his mouth a thin line.
And Castiel does. He lets Dean arrange them, Dean’s back to Castiel’s front. Dean pushes himself back up against Cas, conscious of his injury, gently tugging on his wrist.
Then he hit upon the perfect spot.
Dean blinks in surprise.
“It’s about damn time—”
He spots him, fighting off another angel. Sam ducks and plunges his blade into its chest—and it dies with a shriek and an explosion of grace. Gabriel cups his hands around his mouth, yelling.
“We should go,” he repeats, his voice empty.
“Dean,” he whispers. “This isn’t you.”
Dean gives him a look.
“You thought—”
“Look who’s talking, asshole,” Castiel fires back.
“What?”
Cas cocks his head, listening hard. They’re talking about him? Why?
Dean shakes his head, choking back a cry.
She points to the first man, indicating the hall behind her.
“Here we go,” he mutters.
He wrenches himself up, forcing his way through the terrified and confused guests, and falls at his mother’s throne, where Benny is standing, his sword drawn as Sam tends to Mary, her breath coming hard and short.
Dean struggles for a moment, then goes limp in Sam’s arms, glaring at them in defeat.
“Ashcroft,” Sam mutters.
"Make way, make way—"
“Hey, Sheriff,” he puffs, placing a hand on his knees. “Glad I—glad I caught ya.”
Alastair’s cold eyes find hers.
Sam comes up behind him, trying to see, and Dean hastily tucks the letter into his pocket.
“What?” She says, sounding slightly affronted at being interrupted.
The coach driver sees ‘em coming and desperately tries to pull up, but the cattle barge into its path, the horses rearing up in fright.
The hand holding his hair jerks it back, and he gasps out in pain, the face above him sliding into focus.
“Not when I could do something, not when I could save you,” Dean mumbles as he clutches at Castiel, hand finding Castiel’s and holding it tight.
He starts to run. He runs even though he doesn’t have to, because he needs to feel something—some exertion, some pain. Something in this earthbound prison that is cloaking his grace, choking him.
“Gabriel told you—“
He can almost imagine Dean’s smile.
“We have to protect Anna!” Sam shouts. “We have to make sure she finishes the spell!”
“I’ve been breaking a lot of rules since I met you, Cas.”
Dean curses, stumbling over his boots in the dark as he makes his way to the back.
“Oh, you mean the apocalypse?” She shrugs. “Trying not to get involved.”
Castiel groans again. Dean is snickering, and Sam has an incredulous look on his face. He picks up one of the small glasses in front of him.
Castiel raises his head, his heart suddenly stone.
“I will wait here and kill every last one of you the minute you try to walk out that door.”
“I will not have my kitchen become a goddamn underground railroad for angels—“
"You remember."
“Back at the church,” she mutters. “She took him—from me. After Lilith had gone with you,” she says, jerking her head towards Anna.
Dean slowly removes his hat, then his coat, draping it over the back of a chair, before dragging it up to the table. Meg doesn’t say anything, but Dean doesn’t miss her eyes raking over him in an appreciative sweep. Dean can’t help his blush. His usual charm and quick wit ain't coming so easy to him at the moment—Meg has a certain brash boldness in her manner that has Dean tripping over his words.
“He was—he was
“You stop that―”
Dean smiles blandly, raising his hand in a brief greeting. There’s a staircase, just there, if he can make it—
Dean snarls, but the man just laughs, jabbing out with his dagger. Dean recoils.
He shoves himself up, the nicks in his skin stinging, and he runs—barely keeping ahead of it, each row of windows blowing out after him. He dives, curling up into a ball, the last shards crashing down around him. Castiel stays motionless until it stops, then lifts his head, shakily pushing himself up, glass cutting into his palms. He pulls his revolver.
“They did? Hmm. Maybe I should have a talk with them—”
“No,” he sobs. “
Ruby twists the reins in her hands, guiding her horse around a ditch in the trail.
“That was a warning, Castiel."
The one he has to protect…Dean must mean Anna.
“Ah ah ah," Naomi cautions. "I wouldn't move, if I were you."
“And where is the blushing bride?” He says, turning back to Gabriel as he pops a few ice cubes into his glass.
“You’re not serious,” he whispered. Dean dragged a hand down his face, avoiding his eyes.
After food and wine, Castiel leads Dean out to the floor again, joining seamlessly in with the other couples on the floor. The music is sweet and full, and they sweep across the floor, locked in each other’s embrace. Dean can’t look away from his face. He’s utterly transfixed by this dark and bewitching creature in his arms.
“No.”
“Sam doesn’t have to come, because he actually listened to my recommendation to get his done a month ago,” Charlie says. “But you two kept dragging your feet, so here we are.”
“Don’t worry, it’s just going to be some friends.”
“You wanna elaborate?” He asks eventually.
“How—“
“Yeah.”
—what else could I do?
Castiel groans.
Castiel laughs, pulling at his hair.
He’s growing more and more agitated, and Castiel stands quickly, holding out a hand.
“I am not calling you chief."
“It was me and you,” she says simply. “In my memories. When we were kids.”
Despite his disastrous performance last night, Mother insisted he attend tonight as well. Still 'informal', she assured him. How many informal feasts can one have? Dean's starting to think his life will be nothing but feasts and balls and stilted dinners.
They’re still for a moment, not looking at each other.
Lilith has come to a stop in front of her, her dark eyes glittering.
“I wish I’d never met you, you piece of shit—“
By the time the excitement has settled, Sam finds the woman has vanished.
She faces forward, snapping the reins. Her horse gives a burst of speed to put her over the last steep part of the trail, and then they’re out on the top of the ridge. Dean follows, and sees Gabriel waiting there. To Dean’s surprise, his face splits out into a grin, and he grabs Dean’s hand in greeting.
“What about Bill?”
“You have to ask?” She says with a smirk.
They slam into the ground, and the grip holding him is released. Castiel stumbles, his head swimming.
She extends a hand.
All due respect, my lord," she hisses. "But
“Dean—“
He breathes again, but now the air feels stale and hot, suffocating in the cramped space. He tries not to think
“What do you want?” It hisses.
Castiel bites his lip, shaking his head.
Dean grimaces. He’d never admit it to Sam, but the thought of him digging around some poor bastard's mouth makes Dean's skin crawl.
Nobody looks up.
—love and hate and anger and desperation.
Dean snarls.
“Just need to take care of lover boy here first.”
Castiel shakes his head, turning away. Dean holds the scrying glass tight, the brass edge cutting into his palm.
Castiel gingerly shifts forward, trying not to put pressure on his side.
He had been so damn close.
“You ever shot someone, Sam?”
“Nonsense,” the blacksmith says, pulling his son by the arm out into the street. “I insist.”
Castiel bites his lip, pulling the picture from where it's wedged into the frame of the board. Must’ve been from ages ago—it's all faded and worn—he can’t even remember who took it. It's the three of them. The Remingtons. Leaning back against the old pickup, Dad with a smile on his face, Anna shading her eyes from the sun. And him.
Dean lay slumped against a building, bleeding in the dirt—a wound in his thigh that desperately needed a doctor. Castiel waited by the dying body of Dean’s compatriot, watching soldiers run past.
“I shouldn’t be here,” Dean whispers against his lips. Castiel nods for some reason, probably because he's right, he really shouldn’t—
“You’re staying here,” Gabriel says cattily.
“He’s too oblivious,” Charlie continues, ignoring the racket behind her. “He’d make it into a big joke and Cas would be destroyed. I don’t want him to get hurt like that.”
Oh shit.
He clenches his jaw, resolving himself.
“Dean?”
“Mick, too. Consider it repayment,” Ketch says, flashing white teeth. “For the free stay.”
“Say you’ll come,” he whispers.
Here we go. Round 2.
So Dean takes out his frustration on the piano. When he stops to catch his breath, still fuming, he hears nothing more than a faint twanging through the wall.
He looks up, desperate to make him smile.
“Michael—no—“
“Cas,” she breathes.
He can’t even bring himself to tease Dean for stealing his joke, he just tries to breathe.
Castiel drives, Sam sitting stiffly behind him, Gabriel and Dean bickering and elbowing each other the whole way, until Anna yells at them to can it.
“Who the fuck are you!” He shouts.
Castiel pushes against Naomi’s hold.
“Bobby?” He whispers.
Dean kisses him, then sits back, pulling at Castiel’s arm.
“They must have talked. Do you think—“
Meg chuckles.
"Those lofty nobles aren't the only ones afraid of magic," she whispers. "You have to be careful what you say around here. The story is one thing, but to speak of it seriously—"
“Oh, so you want to have it right next to your precious humans? You’re endangering them just by being here!”
Castiel’s voice cracks.
The nickname stings from his tongue, a malicious barb. Sam wants to recoil.
“Here, grab that bowl for me.”
Due to the surprise of the stranger’s sudden entrance, no one notices a second man, who slips into the hall just before the doors close. He wears thick gloves on his hands, and settles in the shadows, watching the room with unusually yellow eyes.
He releases him, clearing his throat.
Balthazar spreads his arms.
“Sam. Let's go.”
Dean just flops back in his chair, scowling.
One bullet to the head and Alastair falls back, dead.
They walked up the skinny gravel path, where the two dark figures stood, waiting. The man spread his arms, the black of his clothes jutting sharply against the ashen tone of the church behind him.
Ouray is large and bustling, a product of the railroad station and the population boom that followed. Sam arrives early in the morning, having ridden all day and through the night.
"Come on. I know what'll cheer you up."
Sam shakes his head.
“One of the ingredients. For the ritual tomorrow.”
Castiel felt his brief taste of happiness deflate like a suit after a spacewalk.
“No guarantees,” he mutters.
They’re all in unusually good moods, which is saying something, considering how tense everything's been recently. So much that the topic of possible hunts doesn’t come up until everyone's finished eating, and Castiel isn't the one who brings it up.
“Christ—summoning spells, exorcisms—it’s the same damn thing!”
Dean falls silent. He stares at Castiel, everything in him broken.
Sam pushes aside another branch, grumbling.
“I don’t like surprises.”
Naomi explains quickly.
“De—Dean, I’m—“
Cas falls back against the sheets and Dean climbs on top of him, kissing him deeply as he drags his hands down his chest. Cas brings his hand to cup the back of Dean’s head as he kisses him, slow, but demanding, nipping slightly at his bottom lip as his other hand digs into Dean’s hip. Dean presses forward slowly, letting the anticipation and heat build.
The door tinkles in her wake, and Dean storms back to the greenhouse.
“I think you just need to find a boyfriend,” she says, grinning.
Eileen sits back, letting out her breath in a huff.
Alicia and Max give identical eye rolls, Charlie sighs and mutters
Castiel bites his lip, but he nods.
Dean isn't surprised, but eager.
“Look,” Ruby says. “I can't tell you how many times that man has slipped through my fingers because some jackass thought I wasn't capable. I need you.”
“‘Course, dummy,” the older boy says, quickly curling his pinky around Castiel’s.
Dean rushing into him and wrapping him in a tight hug for the first time in a decade feels like the equivalent of being hit by a storm while single-handedly stitching yourself back together.
“Dean —,“
Cas nods, warmth settling through his entire body again.
Benny stares at him, some sort of mild concern twinkling in the blue of his eyes.
The tiles are cold beneath his bare feet, and despite the fact that they’ve reached the month of May, Dean still shivers slightly at the crispy atmosphere. He’s only wearing his boxers, and the sound of the bullet colliding with the medal he’s wearing around his neck is the only thing disturbing the quiet of the night.
That gets a laugh out of Dean, and even Bobby’s face split with a grin once he sees Dean laughing.
“You staying with me?”
It looks just like this.
Cas turns his head just enough to brush a kiss against Dean’s lips. It’s slow and soft, barely any tongue- just the swipe of lips and a promise of love. Dean hums into the kiss before slightly moving his mouth to kiss the corner of Cas’ mouth.
The box of rice ends up somewhere unknown as Dean tosses it into the kitchen and pulls Cas onto the couch with him. They order pizza and Dean puts the TV on while they wait for their food. Cas is pressed against his side, his head heavy on his shoulder.
5 minutes and a lot of whining from Dean later, Cas is back on the road, holding the wheel to his very own truck with his very own (whiny) boyfriend in the passenger seat, and Lizzo’s singing about men being great until they gotta be great.
Benny sighs loudly and slouches further into the couch. Dean watches him attentively, expecting a follow-up. When it doesn’t come and Benny has the audacity to roll his eyes at him, Dean puts his beer down and angles himself so that they’re facing each other.
“I think I don’t know what’s going on with you because you don’t
But most of all, Dean thinks about time lost and broken hearts. He thinks of 10 years passed by, of Jimmy’s letter stained with his tears abandoned on the floor of Charlie’s guest room, of the wound of his absence still gashing in his chest. He thinks of battlefields and bombs going off, and the people he already mourns. But most of all he thinks that if he has to add Cas to the list of the fallen he keeps inside his phone, tucked away from the real world for him to pray to, he’s going to collapse and never get back up.
He has been there, and he doesn’t think that’s what Cas deserves, so he keeps going, watching him carefully as he squeezes his hand. A silent reminder that Castiel is not alone in this.
Dean nods as he hands him the box. Cas takes it carefully and they both start digging until Dean brings out several pictures. He smiles as he shows them to Cas. There’s one from BUD/s with Ian by his side. One of Bravo during their first deployment, in Iraq. One of Benny, Barry, Ian, and Dean out at the Bulkhead after an OP. One of Benny and Ian in the backyard of the house they were sharing at the time. One of Dean alone, all serious in his uniform when he was awarded his silver star.
he’s finally decided to make the leap
“They want you back.”
As usual, direct your yelling to the comment section and/or to my
• Mentions of war and war injuries
And to his great surprise, it works. So much so that when the doorbell rings, his mind does the usual “who the fuck dares disturb me” before it clicks that it’s probably just Dean.
The most vicious thing about time is that it manages to convince you that there is always more of it, even as it’s passing through your fingers.
It wouldn’t have, because Jimmy was the kind of weird dorky asshole that liked to wander outside in the middle of the night, so he would’ve most likely gone outside that night regardless. But Cas still laid there, eyes fixed to the ceiling, replaying every single one of the choices he had made that day that somehow all seemed to lead to Jimmy getting killed and hating himself for it.
“What’s up? You’re going somewhere?”
“You can gaze at it tonight after you make me dinner,” Cas smiles.
“Dean come on-”
Then came the depressive stage, which Cas had been expecting the most. It became a vegetative state, the kind you navigate through different shades of grey. Sometimes Cas would wake up and see things through a black lens; his computer not working properly, not finding the pair of socks he wanted to wear, or a simple headache would wreck his day and he would then spend most of his time brooding in a corner feeling like the weight of the world had fallen upon his shoulders.
Dean sits down at their table, watching them curiously.
It starts with an innocent phone call on their landline.
When Cas wakes up the following morning, he’s halfway into considering last night was a fever dream, and downing a bottle of Ibuprofen to soothe his headache. He walks into the kitchen… and finds Dean in the middle of essentially preparing a feast.
Dean takes a swig of his beer, well aware of the other man’s growing impatience.
Dean snickers at that. “Does sounds like him. I’ll make sure of that.”
call, Dean. As a team leader and as your Master Chief, I’m bearing responsibility for that. Not you. And you need to get over it instead of ruining your own life. You’re out Dean. You need to start living instead of being stuck in survival mode.”
Most of the time Dean would find him outside, gazing at the stars, cheeks stained with tears and blue eyes turned dull. It turned his guts upside down, and he only managed to coax him into coming back inside with him after a long while, Castiel refusing to utter a single word even after they were back under the covers and into the familiar warmth of their own embrace.
“You should be asleep,” Dean finally says, trying to keep his voice as gentle as possible.
“What are you doing?” he whispers, and he can feel Dean’s breath mingling with his, can see the way Dean’s eyes flutter shut for a second, can sense the warmth of Dean’s hands next to his thighs.
What a fucking idiot. Of course, Cas would make a connection between his brother dying and him running to the same convenience store at ass-o’clock in the evening. Dean was just so focused on himself that it didn’t even cross his mind.
Please be okay.
“Yup.”
don’t doesn’t mean it’s the same for everyone.”
Well, here we are. I've been thinking about this one for as long as I started writing this story, and now it's here. I'm very anxious about it so I'm just basically going to drop this and run (but as usual, I'll see you in the comment section) 😬
“I know, sweetheart. I’ll be back before you know it,” Cas says softly, unable to stop the smile on his lips. “Sleep tight.”
EDIT -- Art in the chapter by CaptainIronnerd; rebloggable version on Tumblr can be found
Cas looks stunned at that, his hand tightening against Dean’s. Dean had expected annoyance, maybe even a little anger. But Cas just looks attentive.
Dean brushes a kiss against his hairline tenderly. “For the record, I missed you too.”
“Do you want me to take care of you?”
?” Cas says, raising his head to glare at Dean.
“I’ll leave you to it, okay? I’m sure you have some work to do.”
Has he, though? There’s a case to be made here about how much loss equals pain, how much wounds equal scar tissue and broken pieces. All he knows is he’s terrified and in pain, and if there’s something Dean Winchester has never been good at, it’s handling his emotions properly without feeling the need to explode.
“I’m not —,”
” before kissing him like he’s hanged the stupid moon.
“I’m gonna need a little more things than that if you’re looking for an actual answer about what you should do.”
Cas rolls his eyes, and it takes everything out of Dean not to laugh at the sight. Yeah, he’s doing better.
“I don’t want to crush you,” Dean argues.
“I did tell you how that went down the first time, didn’t I?”
When he finally lets go, both of them panting against each other, Cas realizes that he’s got a serious situation happening downstairs. Dean brushes a palm against the hard bulge in his pants and he can’t help but buck his hips and chase the contact, a deep moan falling out of his mouth and a smirk floating on Dean’s lip, his eyes never leaving his face.
Cas says, dropping a kiss against Dean’s collarbone, letting his lips trail up until they find Dean’s sweet spot in the crook of his neck.
This chapter has been beta'd by the remarkable
sending you over was a good idea!”
“Yeah,” Dean says, his eyes focusing on Cas instantly.
He extricates himself from their embrace quietly, lays Cas back in bed like he’d do with an infant and leaves the room. He stops for a minute outside the room, the world turning around him.
Or well, good enough. And maybe that’s alright for now.
He points a finger at him, his eyes glistening with hurt.
I’m right!” Jimmy argues. “You were right there with me telling Dean to apply for colleges back then, you know damn well he would’ve stayed here just because Cas was so unstable he couldn’t fathom leaving Lawrence!”
to be there.
“I’m clean. Haven’t had sex in months, but for what it’s worth I got tested a few weeks back at the hospital. Now get your ass over here, ‘cause I have a flight plan right now and it involves you.”
) robe and having his way with his hot boyfriend, Dean leans in when Cas finally sits next to him and kisses the living shit out of him.
And the truth is, Dean doesn’t know. And it scares the shit out of him.
Dean thinks of previous lies, of Cas lying in the bed they share a few meters away. Of how much he loves him.
idea.
has been created by other readers on Twitter, and will be tweeting random quotes from the story daily. Feel free to give them a follow :)
Benny caves in around 11 pm and leaves them to get to bed. Dean knows he’s doing this out of courtesy, but he’s grateful for his friend’s ability to read the room and noticing that they need to be left alone.
“Cas is going to be there.”
It might be the way Charlie’s voice when she tells him Dean is in the hospital after barely getting out of his last deployment alive still rings in his head, or the way his heart crumpled and threatened to give out ever since.
But that’s unfair. Cas told him he loved him this morning, all the while lying against him, his face pressed against his chest. Cas told him he loved him and Dean said he was sorry. Because Dean, of all the adjectives that characterize him the most, is a full-blown idiot. He managed to hurt Cas all over again.
, and he’s still avoiding Castiel’s eyes. This is (not) promising.
Cas can still picture him, on their first day of 5th grade. Cas and Jimmy had just landed in Lawrence a few days back, discovering the joy of Foster Care, and Cas was vibrating with anxiety. For the first time ever, Jimmy wasn’t sharing the same class as him because some people had decided to have Cas skip a class, and Cas
Citrus, cotton, a hint of sandalwood from the perfume he puts on every morning.
“I want you to stay with me. I don’t ever want to be anywhere you aren’t- not anymore. And it scares the shit out of me when I wake up in the middle of the night and you’re not… there.”
on the couch, Dean,” Cas says as he looks down on him with a glare.
His voice is calmer than Cas thought it would be. He pictured him yelling, getting angry, getting bitchy. He didn’t anticipate the sadness, the softness, the vulnerability of Dean’s eyes when he finally turns his head to look at him.
He swallows, tries to ignore the urge to curl in on himself and picks up his voice.
Cas chooses this moment to move into his arms, slightly readjusting his face into the crook of Dean’s neck, his lips grazing the skin of his throat and sending a shiver down Dean’s spine, and his mind comes to a halt.
To carefully pick what looked like hundreds of letters neatly folded and stash them back in the box where it belonged.
In short, they’re handing him his dream job on a silver platter, a year after what he still considers close to being thrown out after 10 years of active duty in one of the most elite teams of soldiers in the world.
• Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD)
“You had my mouth wrapped around you just this morning,” Cas says, feeling the low punch of familiar arousal simmering at the back of his stomach as he listens to Dean’s breath picking up slowly. “What do you need me to do?”
When he finally bottoms out, his balls pressed against the curve of Cas’ ass, it feels so overwhelmingly
Dr. Moseley had been his therapist right after his overdose over 11 years back, and had helped him navigate the ups and downs of addiction. She also knew all about Cas’ struggles regarding his relationship with Dean, and had been a great support for him to start moving on. When he came back a few weeks ago she welcomed him with open arms, almost picking up where they had left off all those years ago, and was thrilled to know that Dean and Cas had made their way back to each other. She helped them navigate this new relationship, assisting Cas in dealing with his trauma and his fears, and so far it had been a true change in his relationship with Dean.
“I’m sorry too.”
“Yeah,” he nods. “I know that. But my brain-”
“What is it?” he asks, his voice a soft tone that Castiel hasn’t heard a lot coming from him.
His first reaction is to panic. His second reaction is,
He left Virginia right after his appointment, seeing no reason to stay longer since the entire team was still on the OP they’d been called for after their bar meet up. Dean had stopped for the night in Kentucky, just deciding to make the 20 hours drive without stopping.
Dean hums in content, closing his eyes for a minute, and enjoying the warmth of Cas’ body against him, bathing into his scent. Being away proved to be even more difficult ever since they finally decided to give that weird rampant thing between them a shot.
“No bullshit, kid. You owe me that.”
“Gosh. I really should report this to the competent authorities, huh? You’re a bad boy, Novak.”
, yes. This
“I’m just saying, maybe we shouldn’t be here. If they find us…”
Thank you for going on this ride with me, I'll see y'all soon. 💙💚
“I missed you,” he says simply.
Most days now are just an effort to build something new, something capable of holding all this weight inside my chest. But it’s always the same brick, always the same memories. The truth is, I’ve never known how to fill this space between my hands with anything other than ruins.
“It’s me, sweetheart,” he murmurs instead, trying to keep his voice steady. “You’re okay. We’re in the bunker, you’re safe.”
“Doesn’t surprise me,” Dean smiles, carefully following the edge of the river, making a point of walking a slow pace not to fuck his leg up.
“I’m not going anywhere, you heard Teddy,” Cas smiles at him, his fingers playing with the cover of the bed.
He smiles at him. “I think I need to do this alone. But stand by your phone, you never know. If Bobby starts throwing books at me I might need a quick extraction team.”
that will help me get a sense of how many of you are actually interested in having this thing at home, should I go through with this side project! I have zero interest in making any profit out of it, so it'd strictly be printing cost and shipping would be handled by the manufacturer (so all in all, ~10$ for the book itself). If this is something you’re interested in getting, please take 1 minute and fill out the form!
,” Jimmy says.
“What?”
He remembers a small walk from the couch to the kitchen to put the ice cream back in the freezer.
Some things cannot be fixed, they can only be carried.
“Do I still need to be Grumpy in your analogy?”
“Cas?” he groans, voice still thick with sleep, trying really hard to make it make sense. “Whatcha doing here, buddy?”
“I know, Cas,” Jimmy says. “I know.”
Cas is silent for a beat, until Dean reaches to pat his shoulder softly and their eyes meet. It’s like looking at a bottle of oxygen when you can’t breathe.
“Remember the other day, when you asked about my necklace?”
And I can’t do that Dean. I
It’s not like it’s as taboo as it used to be for Dean. It took him a long time to be able to say it without feeling like he might explode, and he still remembers the first time it passed his lips to land on Castiel’s ecstatic face. But there’s still this thrill going down his spine every time his husband does, this deep feeling of possessiveness, of feeling like he finally
“What was it like? Your first deployment? Was it in Afghanistan?”
“Balt, I’m not done,
Dean doesn’t seem too comfortable, making a poor job of trying to look everywhere but directly at him, and Cas somehow finds great comfort in the way Dean’s eyes seem to be attracted to every inch of naked skin exposed.
Charlie doesn’t seem impressed, judging by the way she eyes him.
Dean practically strangles Sam the following morning when he throws the cardboard packaging of his cereals into the bin without looking.
to Dean.”
See you in the comment section!
,” Dean’s voice comes out strangled and Cas
“You sure you're okay?” Cas asks as their lips part.
He knows she knows the answer already, but she needs him to say it aloud.
Dean keeps Castiel’s hand firmly in his as they stumble back inside the bunker and into their room. Once they’re back under the cover, he presses his chest against Castiel’s back, lets his arms curl around his waist, and buries his nose inside his neck, where it’s warm and smells like home.
“I don’t think I’ll know how he feels even if I tell him I’ve read them.”
“I’m meeting Sam in an hour so I’ve gotta run,” he starts, stopping himself at the unintended pun that raises a smile from Cas’ lips. “Would you mind giving me your number, and I promise I’ll let you know?”
Cas doesn’t know what to say. To be fair he doesn’t really know why it’s irking him so much. He knows it comes from a place of concern, but Dean deserves this. He’s worked so hard to get to this point, and Cas really wants to be happy for him.
“Do you know where you are?” Cas asks softly after a while, brushing his thumb underneath Dean’s eye, wiping a tear.
The shower wall is cool against his forehead as his breath stutters, desire flashing white into his nerves. He wants to learn how Dean feels like again, learn how every single one of his muscles would work under the pad of his fingers, delight in every single gasp of breath that Dean would release at his touch. He wants to run his hands through his hair, down his thighs, re-learn the weight of his cock on his tongue as he’d blow him silently in the morning. Wants to learn the taste of him on his lips, to delight in the moans that would invariably fall out of Dean’s mouth as he’d successfully drive him to the end.
He remembers the taste of Cas’ lips that first kiss on the couch, how much it terrified him. How scared he got that he might fuck it all up, or damage Cas even further.
But no one comes close to feeling like you. Everything feels hollow, devoid of meaning, foreign. Every sweep of hands, every kiss, every name whispered against my skin- and I only ever think of you; your hands, your lips, your voice rasping into my ear. The scent of you all wrapped up around me. The feeling of your skin underneath my fingertips. Waking up next to you early in the morning.
At that Balthazar, loses the playful persona he always has on and sags a little on his own couch, looking at his friend. “You’re worrying me, Cassie.”
That life can be soft and sweet and easy. And that it’s alright, it’s okay. Maybe you’ve earned it.
” without even batting an eyelash.
, by the way).
He’s silent for a moment then, and Cas can feel how he’s trying to control his breathing. After a little while, one of Dean’s hands finds one of his and wraps around it, fingers intertwining. Cas tries not to overthink it and holds on.
He squeezes Cas’ hand in his, watching as his brother closes his eyes, tears overflowing without a sound.
Cas releases him then, fingers returning to petting his hair softly as Dean suckles at the tip, catching his breath back. He’s not even touching himself, his cock still trapped inside his boxers where he slightly ruts against the sheet, searching for friction.
“Maybe we should buy a house,” Cas says softly, his voice muffled by the cotton of Dean’s shirt from where he's pressed against his shoulder blade.
Dean sighs instead. “Okay, I could’ve done it in Lawrence, that’s true. But I wanted to see you. See the boys.”
They’ve gotten coffee, Cas bought a book to keep him company for the flight, and Dean’s still
and-”
And even though it’s the same word, the same name said again and again, every time Dean pants his name into his ear it has a whole new world of meaning that takes Castiel’s breath away and throws him into another dimension.
But for this to really work, for Dean to finally blossom and Cas to finally start healing- they need to be separated.
“Y-yeah, alright,” Dean stammers, his mind rendered blank for a hot sec. “Wait for me, alright?”
At that Cas slightly tilts his head to take a look at Dean’s face, propped up on an elbow. His eyes are shimmering with what Cas is almost sure are unshed tears.
; for your insanity, mostly, but also for all the times you went out of your ways to tell me how much you loved this story.
Cas smiles again, brushing a thumb along the line of Dean’s stubbled jaw, going down the crease of his neck, the line of his throat. Every touch is an echo of how much he missed this, missed him. How much he still feels.
He’ll press a kiss against Dean’s skin, where it’s warm and smells likes home and everything Cas has ever wanted.
“What’s up with you?” he dares to ask as Cas starts doing the dishes.
!” Cas snarls back, venom in his voice.
Dean sighs slowly, his stomach churning unpleasantly. He knew Cas’ experience in the Empty had been terrible, but so far Cas had refused to talk about it, plain and simple. Judging by what he seems to be going through right now, Dean guesses the entity had tortured Cas with images of Dean, and probably Sam and Jack too.
So here we are. J-bad, already my 4th deployment.
He looks at Dean, trying to commit his sleepy face to memory- a habit that no doubt comes from being separated for so long.
There’s a point to be made here about how stupid of an idea this is for him to willingly stuck himself into the same space as the man he’s still in love with, even after being dumped the worst way possible by him a decade before. But Dean doesn’t have the courage to do so right now.
They stay like that for a while, the silence of the space in the car only disturbed by Dean’s breathing slowly returning to normal. Once he’s calmed down enough they still stay like that, pressed together on the bench of the Impala, Dean’s arms tightly wrapped around Cas. He finally speaks after a while, his face resting into the crook of Cas’ neck.
Somehow this manages to make Jimmy’s heart crumple even more inside his chest.
“I couldn’t sleep and Holli kept whining so I took him out. Didn’t mean to scare you.”
So I will keep my sunken touch out of your life. I will not force you to watch me fall. Of all the people I have loved and all the people I have lost, none deserved to be happy more than you. Even if that means I’ll never get to hear your voice again.
They make it to the Impala and Dean opens the passenger door to get Cas in. Cas automatically rolls his eyes as he gets in, and looks expectantly at Dean as he sits across him in the driver seat.
“Shut up,” Dean smiles as he cups his cheek to kiss his lips tenderly.
Dean goes for the beat-up couch, the same old one that he’s spent countless afternoons on while listening to Bobby ramble about cars and clients and old stories about how Rufus was an asshole. Some part of him kept going back here for the past decade, every time he needed a safe place to go to, during his training first and all the shit he had to go through, and then multiple times when shit kept hitting him. Every lonely night when he missed his family, every OP that went wrong, every teammate he lost — it’s here he invariably came back to. The safest place, where he felt at home.
He lets go of the bullet that falls back onto his chest with little ting, before he drags his fingers over the letters engraved on the frame.
, and I can’t make it in any way because I have supplier appointments all afternoon-
What good would it make? Castiel’s place is in London, with his friends and his love for academics. Not with a drop-out mechanic with a high-school diploma and less than 10 bucks to his name.
Heaven.
The worst of it is, Jimmy was actually planning to possibly tell Cas what had happened. He was gearing up to explain all of it, preparing for the possibility that Cas would be cutting ties with him as soon as he’d know. He thought Cas was strong enough. Two years in with no possible break down in line of sight for the past year and a half.
Cas stands there for a minute, eyeing him with caution. Dean arches an eyebrow at the sight, a smile tugging at the corner of his lips.
He really didn’t mean to snoop on anything.
Benny was his team leader, his brother from another mother, and the closest thing he had to a best friend ever since he left Kansas. Not having him around for the past month felt like missing a limb.
Did both of them think the other one would end up
“So how long have you been clean?”
“That’s nice. I’m happy for you.”
Don't you just
• panic attack
“Stop talking you idiot,” Dean answers, and Castiel feels the press of his hand inside of his, a jacket being laid out on his chest. “You’re gonna be okay, I promise.”
Once Dean has left for PT, Cas drags his feet to his office and collapses into his chair. There are still a couple of articles that are due by the end of the week and he’s nowhere close to being done with it.
God, he’s so whipped.
His voice is so heavy with grief and sadness that Dean almost forgets how to breathe as Cas keeps going.
“No. Just come home soon,” he whispers into the phone.
Life goes on, somehow.
He shakes his head as he’s looking at him, blue eyes heavy with care and understanding. That’s one of the things that’s infuriating with Benny, on top of knowing Dean like he knows himself, he’s also a compass for what’s a good and a bad idea on most of Dean’s terrible days.
Welcome back to another update, and thank you for the kudos/comments/subscriptions. It always means the world to me to see people enjoy my work!
”. So this is me, keeping you with me.
“What do you want?” Cas interrupts, voice toneless, not even sparing a glance at Dean. “I’m busy.”
“What about Cas?” Jimmy asks, blood simultaneously stilling in his veins and boiling like it’s gonna race out of his own body.
Cas recognizes it now. They’ve had several close calls in the past few weeks. Of Dean crying in his sleep, calling out for someone, or waking up covered in sweat with no idea where he was. But he looks closer to a crisis right now than he ever has since they’ve been sharing the same bed.
“I love you,” he murmurs against the other boy’s lips. “So much.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispers against the skin of Cas’ neck. “I’m so sorry, Cas.”
Bobby snickers. “Yeah?”
Dean nods, trying to get past the lump in his throat to say something reassuring, and failing to do so. He still hasn’t been able to re-read Jimmy’s letter since the first time he did yesterday morning. It’s still too much, still makes him want to tear his hair out and scream at the universe that everything is unfair.
Dean groans, burying his head into the crook of Cas’ neck.
Somehow, this hits Jimmy even harder than the rest. Castiel had always been the taller, more muscular out of the two of them. He enjoyed running and sports as a whole, when Jimmy was content to just stay on the sideline and cheer both his brother and his best friend on whenever they had a game. Cas had lost so much weight the past few months that all of his muscles had melted away.
The last thing Jimmy manages to think before his soul gives up is pretty simple.
Then he woke again, when they stumbled into the room they had been occupying the past few days. He remembers the pain, how fresh the water was as it got poured again and again over his back to wash away the blood, the sharp pain of a needle stitching him back together. A hand always on him. Grounding him, keeping him sane. Fingers on his skin. Lips placing a warm kiss on his forehead as he was lured back into sleep, covers and arms tight around him.
This chapter has been beta'd by the incredible
But seeing him in the flesh? A few feet from him, looking even better than he did 10 years ago?
“And we’re here, all of us are here — Charlie, Jess, Sam, your friend Balthazar, me… we’re here for you. You don’t have to do this alone.”
perfect to me. See how that works?”
. And every time I watch you leave I keep it shut because I know you’re living your dream, and I know that I’m being unfair by even trying t--”
I've tried everything I could think of to get you off my mind, to get these pieces of you out of my skin. I’ve managed to put two oceans and the entire sky between us only to find that some distances just can't be measured in miles.
It’s late, they’ve had dinner a while back and the boxes of the Chinese take-out they ordered are sitting on the desk next to Cas in case they suddenly get a bit peckish. Cas chuckles as he sorts out through the pile of old paper on the desk in front of him.
They make it in less than 10 minutes, and once they’re in he can see the clear look of wonder on Cas’ face as they make their way through the room, half a dozen people shuffling around them.
“Morning. Why are you up?” Cas groans into Dean’s mouth as one of his hand threads through the honey brown locks of Dean’s hair.
“What do you mean she—,” Dean starts until understanding dawns on him and he looks at Charlie with wide eyes. “What?”
Dean extends a hand. “I’m Dean, nice to meet you.”
“You still there?” Cas asks after a minute of silence.
A hand gently removing his hair from his forehead, a single kiss on his eyebrow, and he sees it. Green, the color of his eyes. A flash of honey in his irises, twisted by something that must be Fear. A tear rolling down his cheek.
But even like that, even with that aching in my soul, the gashing wound of your absence in my heart, I don’t think you’ll ever be hard for me to find again. I don’t think this thing in my chest, beating out of time, knows how to be more than a few beats away from you.
Most days I hold your name on my breath, but say nothing. Because to speak it is to attach weight to my throat; to hear the sound of a broken wing beating. Some days, to speak anything at all is to remember what it was to be a grown, growing thing. To remember who I was before you.
It really isn’t that big of a deal, but Cas knows Dean has been beating himself up over spending so much time at work for the past few months. That’s also part of
“Yeah, okay. Get in bed, Rip Van Winkle,” he smiles before going to his side of the bed to get under the covers.
. But he hasn’t let anyone touch him in a long time, much less another man. And as much as he wants this to happen, Dean still has stuff to say that Cas needs to know.
He doesn’t know why it didn’t click until now. Why he kept holding on, even after Dean had pushed him away, even after Dean stated very clearly that he
fell on the floor in front of me, what was I supposed to do?!” Cas argues.
This was before he fell for humanity, before he started feeling things, before he became a member of Team Free Will.
And despite all of his instincts screaming at him to turn back, he darts out the door, throwing himself into the Impala and tearing down the highway, the harsh smell of burning rubber hitting his nose as he presses down on the accelerator.
Cas removes his hand from Dean’s and reaches out to cup his cheek. Dean’s eyes almost flutter shut at the touch until he remembers that he’s driving and they’re on the road. He immediately swerves right and pulls over on the side, Cas’ hand still cupping his cheek.
Neither of them seems to want to let go, their embrace warm and full of everything they don’t want to put words on. Cas closes his eyes, breathing Dean in as the other man’s mouth brushes a feather-like kiss over his temple. He doesn’t speak, but he doesn’t need to. It’s almost like Cas can feel the tenderness that’s overflowing from his entire body.
Cas sighs. “He’s a friend. We met at JCCC, he followed the same courses as me and we’re working for more or less the same newspapers. Except he’s got more photo assignments than writing assignments.”
This chapter has been beta'd by the remarkable
” that’s swirling into his mind. “What do you want me to think, exactly?”
Dean tucks himself back under the cover for a few minutes, waiting to see if his angel finds his way back to their room. His mind inevitably wanders to the few time this happened before, when Cas didn’t return until he went after him, and his stomach twists as the worry rise again, sour in his throat.
Cas fits his mouth on Dean’s lips then, kissing him with all the softness he’s capable of demonstrating, and Dean can’t help but melt a little against him. When Cas lets go of his lips, his head goes spinning. It’s how it is with Cas nowadays, thrilling, dizzying, mind-blowing.
Bobby gets up, gets around the desk to lean against it and crosses both his arms right in front of Dean’s wide eyes.
“Uh, that’s from me. The rest is from Charlie. Open up.”
“Hey, hold on. Could you mail it back to my brother’s place?”
Cas doesn’t acknowledge his presence, his eyes glued to the screen of his phone as he apparently waits for someone to pick up. His hair is messier than it usually is (which is saying something), his eyes highly unfocused, his hands are shaking.
, he murmurs, moving his lips to Cas’s temple,
There’s so much more he’d want to say. So much more he’d feel like yelling, but right he’s too stunned to even think about anything.
“Come on. Just pack your bag, grab your things, and if we leave anything we can always ask Bobby to make a speedrun. I’m pretty sure he almost offered to kill Gallagher the other day,” Jimmy snickers, remembering their last weekend at Bobby Singer’s house with Sam and Dean.
“You don’t need to take that shit to escape,” Dean answers, his voice barely a whisper strained by something that Cas will only realize later was raw pain. “I’m here for you. Isn’t that enough?”
Dean smiles.
As the other man observes the golden pin, Dean recites. “My Trident is a symbol of honor and heritage. Bestowed upon me by the heroes that have gone before, it embodies the trust of those I have sworn to protect. By wearing the Trident I accept the responsibility of my chosen profession and way of life. It is a privilege that I must earn every day.”
Cas goes on. “When you went to see him the first time, you had just started PT, you had just moved in… a lot of stuff has changed in the past month. I think you could at least consider it?”
“I know.”
“You know that’s not what I’m asking,” Jess says, her gaze going soft as she takes in Dean’s appearance, her eyes sliding over his left side where she knows most of the damage on Dean’s body is located.  “You’re still having PT, right?”
Cas is there, already reading the newspaper while silently drinking his coffee. His hair is still damp from the shower but he’s wearing a fresh navy blue shirt that’s clinging to his shoulder just the right way for Dean’s breath to hitch at the sight.
“Yeah, that was my reaction too.”
“Thank you for coming back to me,” Dean whispers into his hair.
Now, if Dean’s nerves hadn’t been severely tested coming back earlier with no idea where Cas was, he might have reacted differently. But the memory of the sheer panic he felt at not knowing if Cas was okay is still too fresh in his memory for this.
“Fair enough,” Cas answers, and Dean can hear the sound of steps on the pavement.
It’s driving me crazy, Cas. And I’m sick of it. I want to let you go, but my body won’t let me. It still aches for you, still searches for you every time there’s an empty space in my arms. And when it doesn’t find you, it collapses. I can’t count the number of times I’ve broken down, but Benny’s growing tired of trying to bring me up every time I do and I don’t blame him. Poor guy doesn’t even know your name, doesn’t know what happened, he only knows that I’m broken. For a soldier like me, it’s actually kind of pathetic to know that I’m able to go through torture and battlefield without flinching, but a single thought about you is enough to make me drop to my knees.
didn’t dump him. But what do you mean he didn’t dump you?”
“I don’t think it is,” Charlie weighs in, looking at him curiously. “You need time to adapt back to… what regular life is.”
Later that night, after Castiel has taken him to the city of sins and back at least 4 times, he bites kisses underneath the cut of the angel’s jaw, lying naked against his side.
“I shouldn’t have, either,” Cas ponders, his brain groggily trying to provide a response. “I’m just worried about you.”
“Listen, I need you to come up to the hospital as soon as you can.”
“Okay, but I’m not nearly done with this,” he points at his beer. “And there’s something else I haven’t told you.”
Dean’s eyes are on him suddenly and Jimmy sees the pain, the way his eyes are so full-blown the black almost overshadows the emerald. He looks absolutely terrified.
Titled after lyrics from "You and I" by PVRIS [
Cas smiles, his gaze still on the sky. The stars are still shining bright and Dean’s warmth is already wrapping around him, the distinct scent of him — motor oil, cologne, hair gel, mint shampoo — heavy in his nose. He feels good. Scratch that, he feels fucking
• self-harm (unintentional)
Cas sighs, his heart in his throat. “There are already so many lies, so many things unsaid between us. I didn’t mean to find and read them, and I could’ve just gathered them and put them back in the box once they were on the floor in front of me, that’s also true. But I did, and now I can’t really be like “I don’t understand why you’re acting like this, why your head keeps saying “
“Dean-”
“Well, do you want to?” Charlie asks.
, Sam had asked when Dean told him a few weeks after picking it up from him that it was still sitting unopened on the desk.
“And I know you’re hurting right now, and you feel like it’s never going to stop. You feel like it takes so much space inside you can hardly feel anything else… but eventually it’ll ease, and you’ll learn how to live again with that sting in your heart.”
“Absolutely not. If anything I think you’re handling it like a pro.”
“What are you doing out there? I’ve been looking for you for half an hour already,” Dean huffs, plopping down crossed legs next to him.
, Jimmy thinks to himself.
“Why didn’t you?”
He’ll take this over falling asleep without him any day.
“He said not to come back unless that was to apologize,” Dean says as he picks at his fries.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We don’t have stairs, neither do we have a dog-”
“I’m sorry,” Cas mumbles after a while. “Didn’t mean to wake you.”
A tiny warning still, this chapter opens with the first Explicit scene of the story. For those of you who aren't into reading Explicit things, skip the first part to the next "***" you can see!
Dean rolls his eyes then, because of fucking course Castiel
Cas wrote him a letter, knowing Dean has been having a hard time balancing work and life, knowing he’s been beating himself up about not spending enough time with him.
“Cas?” Dean asks, eyeing him curiously when he doesn’t react. “What is it? Are you okay?”
Because for the past 10 years he didn’t have to sit there and swallow down his feelings while looking at his beautiful face at the same time, probably.
Sometimes when I look at you, I still see the broken boy from Westdale Road. I still see the kid I fell in love with. And then I’m struck by the differences in the man you’ve become, and my heart misses a beat at the sight. The stars might be an image of lost time but you’re an image of time to come; a sight into what we’ve managed to become, together. My own kind of little miracle.
he’s behaving the way he does.
“So I guess what you really need to ask yourself is “
He thinks of Jimmy buried in Lawrence Cemetery, and of how much he misses him.
“So- um. I realize I should probably have asked before doing this,” Cas said, apologetic as he slowly started walking towards Dean after petting Holli, who gleefully followed him close behind.
The one where Dean decides healing is more important than running.
, Balt.”
This chapter has been beta'd by
BUD/S is a bitch. I had been warned before, but even then I underestimated it. There’s not a single part of my body that doesn’t hurt and my head is a mess, but it’s good actually. It’s good because that way I don’t have enough time to think about you as much as I did before, and the ache in my chest doesn’t only hurt because of you anymore.
Dean honest to God
Castiel’s heart stops beating for a second and he stands there in all his sweaty glory, his running shirt stuck to his skin, his eyes quickly taking in Dean’s appearance.
Cas didn’t break up with you 10 years ago.
“I love you.”
“What’s up with you?” Benny asks from the other side of the shop, having visibly noticed Dean’s inner turmoil.
Jimmy did what he did
That’s why he’s doing it at 3 AM on a Thursday night while repeating what he’s planning on telling Cas the next day.
The room is silent, waiting for him to go on with the story, but Castiel’s breath hitches in his throat. Rowena, a fiery Scottish red-head woman who’s been Castiel’s sponsor for as long as he can remember, also happens to be today’s meeting moderator. She catches Cas’ gaze and Castiel can already feel his nerves calm down a bit.
“Do you think maybe you should see a therapist?” Dean murmurs into his hair after a while, remembering how that suggestion went the last time he tried it.
It’s the middle of the night and Cas is outside. Oh God, what if he disturbed Cas while he was out having fun with someone else? Someone better than his fucked up ex-boyfriend?
Things feel good, but somewhere in the back of Cas’ head he’s aware of the threat that’s hanging above their head.
But things are different now. Cas doesn’t think he’ll ever be able to forget, he doesn’t think the wounds will ever be able to heal completely. He’ll probably have to deal with that scar tissue until the end of his life, but he thinks that’s okay in the end. He’s already got scars littered everywhere on his body. From drugs and stupid fights and accidents and punching the walls. What one more invisible scar if not a mark of care for someone who’s gone? Dean used to be a scar too, a wound on raw skin that never really healed all those years ago. But they’re healing together now. And isn’t that what it’s really about? Wounds that heal, scar tissue that stays for you to always remember what happened while choosing to do things differently the next time?
“No. No, I just… hate them,” he admits, his voice slightly breaking on the edges of his last words.
Things were too easy. Cas had managed to let go almost too smoothly.
“Are you sure it’s not gonna be too much to handle?”
Cas barely kisses back, tears running freely on his cheeks. It’s just too much to handle, the simple thought of Dean having to choose with what he
“You… you
Benny huffs, fiddling with the fabric of his shirt. “You’re an idiot. You know that, right?”
There’s a couple of things about Dean that drives Castiel insane. Some of those always have- the way he smiles in the morning when he’s not completely awake yet, how he hums into a surprise kiss, or the way his eyes crinkle when he laughs. Some of those are new, because in the 10 years they’ve spent apart Dean has grown and evolved, like they all did. And so the way he laughs is different, more carefree somehow. The way he’ll spend an hour explaining a movie plot that Cas has no care about whatsoever (and he knows it) only because he likes seeing the little scrunch in-between his eyebrows when he doesn’t understand half the plot of Captain America. His voice when he talks French for no reason, or even the way his fingers curl into Cas’ shirt when he pulls him in for a kiss at any given moment.
” and “
“Hello, Dean.”
“It’s not even about that, Cas! You’ve waited until your last hour here to spring that on me, and now you’re acting like I don’t have a right to be pissed off about my best friend ditching me to go meet his fiancé’s parents!”
Dean gets a hold of Cas’ other hand, threads their fingers together and holds it next to Cas’ head before dropping his forehead against his and losing himself in the electric blue of his eyes.
Cas’ hand is on his arm suddenly and it takes a lot out of Dean not to flinch at the touch, not to feel guilty about the goosebumps lighting up his skin.
“What the hell are you talking about? You’re not the one who blew up your best friend.”
As it turns out, things are not fine.
“Really? Your dad just died and you want to talk about my classes?” Cas asks in disbelief.
“I don’t think you’re an idiot,” he says after a moment, his voice that specific tone of thoughtful it gets when he’s thinking. “I think you dislike changes, and me doing some stuff differently probably confused you.”
“Shut up,” Dean instantly fires back, but it’s full of love. “I just think I need to heal before Cas and I can even think of having something together. And being apart… It’s good. For the both of us. If I had stayed, I don’t think it would’ve been good for either of us. And I don’t want to rush this.”
“You don’t
Title is from "Till it Shines" by Bob Seger [
“The reason you stayed clean. You say it wasn’t Jimmy. What was it then?”
It takes a while but Dean’s breath slowly evens out, and Cas patiently waits for him to settle down as he bathes into the warmth of his body against him. After all the shit they’ve been through, the days of stolen glances and awkward conversations, this feels like a fever dream.
“You’re going to catch a cold if you keep going outside barely wearing any clothes,” Jimmy tries to joke, seeing as Cas is only wearing a pair of sport shorts and a t-shirt — it’s only March after all.
“Come on Cas, live a little! We’ll be back in no time, and in the meantime we can enjoy some peace and quiet.”
Hates the way the panic still rises inside his throat as he tries to gather his thoughts, his gaze still stuck on the orange bottles in front of him.
Cas shrugs, then goes for the simpler explanation, effectively ignoring Balthazar’s question as he turns his gaze to Dean.
Dean helped a lot. The whiff of his cooking late in the afternoon, or his typical whistling that Cas could hear from his office while he was working would invariably put a smile on his face.
I don’t blame you for how things ended. I don’t know how you were meant to hold something that’s never at rest. Maybe I have always been more earthquake than anything else.
And then it hits.
Dean chuckles as he finishes bandaging Cas’ hand carefully. “No no. You still have to go through 26 weeks of qualification training before you get assigned to a Team. That’s what we call ‘Green Team’. Once you graduate Green Team you get your Navy SEAL Trident and you’re granted several different classifications. Then you get drafted. You can get assigned to a team either in Little Creek, which was my case, or Coronado in California where I did my BUD/S. And then once you join them, you begin advance training for your first deployment.”
“Okay,” he says. “Alright. I’m sorry.”
And Castiel hates it.
Benny became Dean’s Team Leader a few months after Dean joined Bravo. He’s the team’s #1, the one in charge of everyone. A soldier that had been shaped by war and who always gives everything on any battlefield. A man who would do anything to protect his team, viewed every single one of the members as brothers. Dean had looked up to him as an example of what he wanted to become both as a man and as a soldier.
“I say that sounds like heaven,” Cas groans as he lets his forehead rest on Dean’s shoulder.
“I do know that. Cas was never going to stop using-”
It only takes half a second for the nurse to recognize who he’s asking about, but that half of a second of blank face in front of him is enough to send Dean’s mind into a loop of fear, and he has to grip the edges of the counter to stay upright.
It’s too much to handle. Too much pain from the last decade that Dean’s spent so much time pushing down his throat, trying to work around it. To learn that all that pain results from a single lie?
“A few days ago, I learned that I had been lied to about something very important in my life, by someone I really trusted. It made me spiral pretty hard. I’ve been used to this, spiraling. It’s something I’ve managed to control, but last night I lost it. I hurt myself and when I thought that everything was lost anyway, I dialed my ex-dealer’s number.”
“I thought you’d be out with your British asshole of a friend.”
“Okay. My classes are going okay, I suppose. Exams are a few weeks away.”
But then again Dean is anything but the average person and being trained to sleep about 2-4 hours a night for the past decade apparently put a serious dent into his sleeping schedule.
He woke up from a drug-induced coma 2 weeks after with a titanium hip in lieu of his left hip, a big part of the left side of his body marked forever by a stupid explosive device, and his whole career shattered to pieces.
And yeah, Dean knows. But even after everything, even after finding their way back to each other, habits die hard. Dean has spent a decade thinking Cas pushed him away to find out he had been waiting for him to come home all along. There’s so much trauma embedded into his skin, and a wide part of his trauma features the decade-long, Cas-shaped hole in the middle of his chest.
“Dean, baby-”
It feels like the weight of the world finally drops from Dean’s shoulder, for a few blessed seconds.
Cas catches the flu and refuses to go to the doctor until Dean physically forces him into the car and drives him all the way across town to his usual doctor. He ends up bedridden for 3 days straight, and the best thing about it is Dean. Dean and his homemade chicken soup. Dean and his neverending collection of movies to watch. Dean pressed to Cas’ body for the most part of these 3 hellish days. Dean and his stories about war, and Bravo, and life as a whole.
. Mostly,” Dean says, and Cas can feel the edge of exhaustion in his voice, the quiet lull of slumber. “You’ve been gone less than 24 hours and it’s already agony.”
Both Cas and him had agreed to keep their own gifts for the calm and quiet of their apartment, and end up exchanging them on the floor of the living room on December 26th. Slightly drunk and very much in love.
This chapter has been beta'd by the remarkable
Dean’s mind goes still, and he can’t help but stop on his tracks, looking at Cas like he’s seeing a ghost.
There’s a tear rolling down Dean’s cheek, holding the pain of the past decade into a single droplet. Dean wipes it up as he chuckles and shakes his head, looking at his feet where his heart lies once again, broken pieces unable to fit together anymore.
After losing mom and having to move halfway across the country to a state he doesn’t know, where he doesn’t know anyone besides his brother, having to be stuck in a classroom full of others with “new kid” labeled on his forehead might be close to what grown-ups have been calling ‘Hell’.
“What’s up with you?” he asks, coming closer to the hunter, a worried look on his face, “you said you
“Dean? What’s going on?” he manages to ask, tearing himself away from looking at Dean’s body for too long. “What are you doing in here?”
Cas climbs back into bed and immediately plasters himself against Dean’s side, a sigh escaping his lips as Dean’s warmth seeps through his shirt. Dean turns the lights off and wraps his arms around Cas, bringing him impossibly closer.
“It’s been a while,” Dean admits, lifting his head up to catch Cas’ eyes. “Having sex with a man.”
Deep down he knows what he has to do. The closer they come to the hospital, the clearer it rings in his mind.
“Do you pinky promise?”
“And I clung onto that, not to ever fall back,” Cas says, picking up the conversation where he left off with a voice that he doesn’t really recognize, for it is all made of raw emotions. “Every time I was so close to buying heroin, or even rolling a simple joint, I just had that image of you finding me on the floor, and what I thought was disappointment in your eyes. I heard Jimmy’s voice telling me that you had left and that you didn’t want to see me ever again. And that was enough of a wake-up call to keep me clean.”
“I love you too,” Cas answers in a moan. “Don’t ever leave again. Don’t ever go.”
Dean raises his head to look at him, stopping short of cutting the first mushroom. “Of course, Cas. Ask whatever you want.”
And it doesn’t feel right anymore. It’s been so long, you’ve probably moved on, you most likely don’t think about me anymore. There’s surely another guy into your bed, another one enjoying the drag of your fingers on his skin, the press of your lips in the morning.
It’s new, fragile, this thing between them. It’s always been there, a tension sometimes so thick you’d have to cut it with a knife.
“I’m fine,” Dean grumbles lowly, unable to look away from those cobalt blue eyes.
“I don’t know, it’s not like he’s an open book. But there’s so much trauma he’s gone through, you and I know almost nothing about the past decade.”
Cas is nowhere to be seen.
I still do. But I don’t think there’s a world where I’ll ever stop missing him.”
Dean wakes up with a groan as the first notes of Black Dog by Zeppelin hit his ears. He rolls over the bed, to the space where Cas is normally lying with the firm intention of gluing himself onto his back- some distant part of him already finds it odd that he’s not wrapped around him like an octopus-, until he only meets cold sheets.
Dean closes his eyes, his hands squeezing around Cas’, their noses almost brushing. Cas breathes him in, the scent of him giving him the strength to continue. It feels like he’s racing and his finish line is finally visible.
“Yeah?” he asks, his eyes unwavering from Jimmy's name where it’s engraved on the stone.
There’s the fear of failure, of course. But much to Cas’ surprise, there’s also the fear of being nothing without Jimmy anymore. Now the grocery shopping situation becomes the next panic situation and the next thing he knows, Castiel is spiraling into nonsense laced with panic and paranoia.
His tone is softer somehow, like he’s understood Dean’s stance. Benny stays silent beside Dean, probably recognizing the moment as important.
Balt blinks again. “
It really was a stupid fight, about Dean’s birthday and how he didn’t want to celebrate. It spiraled from this to a fight about many other things that Cas doesn’t even want to think about anymore. They usually try not to go to bed mad at each other, but tonight was the exception. And now Cas tries not to break down as he watches Dean’s hand tremble as he runs his finger into Holli’s fur.
“Yeah, but that’s just it. I know it’s been a decade, but it’s still
Because Cas is smiling that special crooked smile that is just for Dean, and he
James Novak was born on September 18th, 1993, exactly one minute and a half before his twin brother Castiel, effectively turning him into his guardian and protector for the rest of time to come. For 27 years he took this job very seriously, until the very end.
“Okay,” Dean chuckles when Cas drops his head against his shoulder, brushing a kiss against his hairline. “Let’s get you to bed. We can finish up tomorrow morning before the movers come in.”
He’s so damn kissable it hurts.
Dean instantly feels like shit for being difficult. In the past few weeks of living with Cas he realized how lonely the other man is. He rarely goes out unless it’s Balt poking at him to come try a new restaurant. He works from home unless he absolutely
Dean’s not even moving, apparently too content to bask in his own afterglow. When Cas climbs back into bed and plasters himself into Dean’s side, lying halfway on top of him, he all but groans at the assault.
“Goddamit, Benny, why does everything have to be a fucking interrogation with you?” Dean snaps.
, if I had lost a leg or an arm or something visible, then people would look at me like, “Okay, yeah, I get it.” And I hate myself for it. And yeah, I feel like I’m failing at life. As a… as a man, as a brother, as a… whatever Cas and I are nowadays.”
It’s not necessarily alarming. He’s found Cas like that a handful of times. What’s different is today’s date, and the fact that Cas doesn’t budge even when he makes it pretty obvious that he’s not alone anymore.
Castiel is still silent beside him, but when Dean finally turns his head to look back at him, he can see he’s crying too.
What if Cas isn’t ready for this? What if Cas doesn’t
art therapy
But now with Cas breaking his sobriety and what’s very obviously ahead of them — going back to rehab, making sure that he attends his NA meeting, making sure that he holds on, while also handling his second year of med school — there’s no way Jimmy can do that any time soon.
A kiss on the space under his collarbone.
“The pain, it... it doesn’t go away. You just learn to live through it, to push through. You’re taught to compartmentalize, so I did. But it doesn’t mean that it doesn’t hurt anymore. Just thinking about it right now, I’m still angry. I’m still sad. I still miss his stupid face.”
after spending his entire life in Chicago.
“Did anything happen with Cas before he left? Did you two get into a fight?” Bobby asks, visibly concerned.
It looks like he’s lost 15 years and he’s back to being a little boy afraid of what’s to come. He looks just like he did after Mary’s death, or after John bailed, and Cas’ heart shatters even more at the sight.
feel even more horrible than he felt before. He feels like the biggest dick of the universe right now, watching as his best friend dissolves in front of him.
“That’s not what I meant,” Cas says slowly, careful with the weight of every word. “I just-”
• depiction of fatal injury (blood)
“Yeah, okay. No need to be a sarcastic son of a bitch.”
Cas wakes up to a snoring Dean pressed up against him, and the sun shining lightly through the curtains, bathing the room in a warm golden glow. He brushes a kiss into Dean’s neck, making a point of not waking him up, before sliding out of his embrace and out of bed. He pads through the corridor and joins the kitchen with the firm intention of making a pot of fresh coffee for the three of them. He fully intends on finding Benny in the living room, remembering the first couple of weeks after Dean had moved in when he’d sleep less than a couple of hours a night, but against all odds it’s empty.
“Nah. I need to get home and figure out how to broach the subject with Dean.”
He stays silent instead.
This chapter has been beta'd by
He hadn’t really planned it- he’d have brought flowers instead of a stupid old polaroid if he did. But here he is now, standing in front of Jimmy’s grave for the first time in months. He hasn’t been here ever since they’ve found out about the lies; too hurt and angry to even think of this place without wanting to tear it apart.
Dean swallows with difficulty, his eyes going to the ceiling to try and escape the surge of tears pressing hard behind his eyes.
after today you’re gonna feel like you’ve been here
“Might as well have,” he says in a breath.
“You could’ve gotten yourself killed,” Dean states, his voice more scared than accusatory. “What happened?”
Also a bit of a disclaimer: I'm not military, and my knowledge about the US Navy and US Navy SEALs comes mainly both from the internet and SEAL Team (the show), which has inspired a lot out of Dean's character in this fic as well as the other SEAL characters and the team (Bravo Team is actually named after SEAL Team's Bravo Team). So things might be a tad bit inaccurate, but I did my best for that aspect of the story to be as close to reality as possible!
“Well you sure fucking act like it,” Dean groans, glaring at the road.
“But you two are okay now? I mean I’ve seen the way you act around each other, and I know there’s obviously a shitload of things to work through here, but… you seem solid enough.”
But the biggest bump of them all rolls by the end of February- with the first anniversary of Dean’s demise in Afghanistan, on February 22.
“I love you. I’m not going anywhere. Please trust me.”
It’s when he gets to the last picture in the box that Cas starts losing it.
Dean used to think Castiel’s hair was glorious, but that was even before realizing than Castiel’s post-hair sex is a
Dean nods, turning his head to look at Holli.
“Bottom line is, the new tenant at your old place brought me back your mail.”
“Protecting me from
He opens his arms widely and Cas takes the queue, easing himself into the space between Dean’s legs on the couch before Dean’s arms wrap around him. He pulls him closer against his chest, his warmth seeping through Cas’ clothes. Cas lets the back of his head rest against Dean’s shoulder, exhaustion seeping through his bones.
When the sun sets here in California, I think of you back in Lawrence and wonder if you still watch the shades of orange turn into crimson as we did sitting on the roof. Pondering the weight of the world on our shoulders, painting a future that doesn’t exist anymore.
Jimmy nods. “Of course, Dean. Always. You know I do.”
He can’t help a broken sob from falling from his lips.
Terrified.
“Okay. And did this letter state that Dean had to come back, or is it a choice he has to make?”
Charlie joins them about 10 minutes after they’ve sat down, putting a slice of apple pie in front of Dean. He raises his head to look at her quizzically.
Yeah, the road ahead of them is long, bumpy, probably painful sometimes. But it’s worth it. Dean’s worth it. They’re worth it.
Sometimes he feels more like a dad than he ever did a brother. And nights like tonight, he’s actually halfway into transforming into a scowling one.
Benny’s mostly silent beside him as they make their way to the airport. He’s still silent as they enter the airport, and he remains silent as they walk through the departure hall. When he finally turns to look at Dean in front of the gate, Dean is starting to wonder if something is wrong with him. Benny might be a lot of things, but he’s
“Cassie, honey, you’re spiraling,” Balthazar interrupts, brushing a hand softly on his shoulder. “Breathe. Come on. Whatever you’ve found out I promise you can tell me all about it while also
“Cas—,”
Dean huffs, stopping himself in the middle of his sentence, his face turned the other way so that Castiel can’t see. The angel extends an arm over the seat, touching Dean’s shoulder gently, his finger resting on his bare skin where his shoulder meets his neck.
Benny laughs at him when he runs through the shop to grab his jacket, and he barely stops to tell him he’s going home but somehow, Dean thinks he won’t hold it against him.
There you have it. I didn’t think it would feel this good to finally admit it, but it does. God, it really does. Charlie was right. I’m actually crying right now, while I’m writing this at Charlie’s, and some of the other patrons are looking at me weird. Must be weird, seeing a grown-ass man still wearing his doctor jacket crying over a piece of paper, but that’s the way it’s gotta be.
“You weren’t with him?” Jimmy asks in disbelief.
concerned,” Dean pleads, retreating to the counter to grab the (thankfully full) coffee pot, “I’m just tired and I wanted a freaking cuddle this morning, not having to wander to the kitchen to find my boyfriend diving into our garbage bags!”
Balt is silent beside him. He knows this part of his story, having been friends with him for so long. But every single time Cas so much as hinted at it he’s had this same empathetic look on his face. He keeps it shut, and for someone like Balt who’s
“Yeah, that’s very much like him,” Cas laughs for the first time in a week. It actually makes him feel a bit giddy, seeing as he still
“I’m glad we made it,” Sam murmurs after a while, watching as Eileen picks up Delilah and both of them start making their way to them, Cas in their trail. “I’m glad we carried on, if this is the outcome we get.”
There’s a single tear rolling on Castiel’s cheek as his voice breaks on the last word, and Dean feels his own heart tearing apart. He knows nothing he would say can fix it, nothing he would do can bring Jimmy back and Castiel can’t heal if he doesn’t let himself grieve.
His voice is all gravel and rumble, and it sends shivers down Dean’s spine as he pants against Cas’ lips.
The second it sees Dean, it leaps up and away, out the open window, black tail whipping out of sight.
“So. Sounds like there something you don’t want to tell me,” he murmurs.
Sam sloshes towards the inn, its yellow windows glowing in the darkness. He holds his hat to his head, fighting against the wind and swirling rain.
“What exactly happens in this apocalypse of yours?” He shouts. “What are you going to do to her?”
He sees Dean stand, coming around in front of him, eyes questioning. Anna speaks shakily in his ear.
“Fuck,” he breathes.
“Listen, kid.”
“Uh-oh. It’s April.”
“If they send me one more programmer who asks me how to do an abstraction, I’m going to―”
But mercifully, he draws back, settling into the passenger seat, pulling out his phone. Dean begins the quick drive home, but finds he still can’t shake his nerves.
Dean stretches his back like a cat, humming slightly as he settles into the chair.
He’s too far away, he can’t reach her—
“On,” she repeats.
The monster Raphael found it. He seized upon that weakness and turned her towards something even worse.
“What?” He asks haltingly. He looks back at the photograph of his brother. “Are you sure?”
"At least wait 'til I'm done to judge."
“Well?”
Dean suddenly has every eye turned on him. He swallows.
“But Cas—“
Castiel thought for a moment. Then he did something he was not allowed to do.
Naomi curves a hand around his cheek.
Castiel. He knows this now.
Castiel hastily falls forward, pressing his lips to his forehead.
“We brought you a present, Em.”
A shadow passes over him, and Dean scowls, looking up.
Cas frowns, confused by his sudden reticence.
The angel’s lipsticked mouth grins wide.
Dean turns his head, taking in a deep breath.
Charlie seizes his shoulder, whipping him around.
“Cas,” she sighs.
“Just telling Meg. That’s what you can call him. Winchester.”
“We can’t let him leave,
He tips his head back, Dean’s breath fluttering against his neck. Castiel arches against the feel of lips against his pulse, silently urging him on.
She waves him away with a grumpy hand, but takes her leave. Sam steps up, and the smile on the teller’s face decidedly vanishes.
She skids to a halt in front of them, furious color blooming on her cheeks.
The wall of the car explodes, wood splintering and flying everywhere. One of the horses spooks and gallops off, whinnying in terror. Dean lifts his head, panting.
“Aw, come on, Cas, you’re not
“Anna refuses to accept it though,” he mutters. “You know what she’s like. She keeps saying that he’ll be back.”
Castiel wakes with a start. He jerks up, gulping down the cold air of his room.
“That’ll protect you for a little while,” Charlie says. “It should give you enough time.”
He sighs, looking over at Cat.
And now here, at a little bistro they stopped in on their way back to Kansas. Once again, free meal. At this point, Dean could probably take all the money they’ve saved and buy an
Gabriel is a fleeting shadow—smiling at him through the occasional photo or phone call, off to yet another foreign country—but Anna never fails to come when her brother needs her, a solid comforting presence in his life.
“Damn.” She sighs, staring at the ceiling. “Some of that angel mojo would be nice right now, huh?”
“If you insist.”
“What is that? What does that fucking
Dean glances behind him, and his stomach drops.
“Looks like.”
Zeke raises his eyebrows. They both turn to Anna, giving her twin looks that say ‘who’s this clown?’
But the man just nods.
Max’s face darkens slightly.
“Be seventeen in November,” he says cheerfully.
Castiel can’t deny it—he's rusty. He hasn’t sparred with knives in years.
He can’t help it, his eyelids start to droop. Dean’s fingers stroke his face, feeling almost like the soft brush of feathers.
The guy barely glances at her.
After she deciphers the words, she looks curiously at him.
Dean sways back and forth, his hands in his pockets.
Dean lashes out again, and Castiel falls back, the ground shattered. Dean collapses into himself, streaked with dirt and mud as the world cries around them.
“Figures,” he mutters, just loud enough for her to hear.
There’s a squeal of tires as Castiel sharply pulls the car over to the side of the highway, nearly throwing them both. He’s out the door in a heartbeat, yanking his knife from his belt.
“Escaped, I suspect,” the bearded man, Bose, says, his breath hot and reeking of alcohol.
She gives him a look.
“So you gotta keep an eye out for Anna, out for yourself, you got that? Because I won’t be around to save—her, anymore. I don’t want either of you getting hurt. Understood?”
“Well, sire,” she says. “You want a legend, you’ll get it.”
“Ruby.”
“How long?”
Emmanuel swings off his horse, striding through the settling dust. The scratches in his eyebrow have long since healed, leaving the thin stripes of a scar. With those piercing eyes underneath the black hat, he looks truly formidable.
comes up, I guess we’ll check it out.”
“You started it.”
He drifts, losing all sense of time. Castiel continues to gently touch him, humming some tune that sounds like something Dean might have heard in a dream.
His head sinks, his whole body trembling.
“Find him.”
“You got my razor?” He asks roughly.
Bare. Mortal.
Castiel takes a breath.
“Forget it, Charlie,” he mutters.
“It’s not nearly enough.”
Cas shakes his head. His own relatives are no picnic, but he’s never envied Gabriel’s fucked-up side of the family tree. Every single one of his brothers had followed in their father’s footsteps and had become high-powered executives in their family’s conglomerate empire. So it follows that they weren’t too keen when Gabriel up and left for California to take a position at a restaurant—in the kitchen, no less. Didn’t seem to matter that the place has two Michelin stars.
“Cursed,” he mutters. “Never known trees to harm a man. Unless he’s a fool and isn’t watching where he’s riding.”
He gets an idea, and decides to just go for it, before he can lose his nerve. He pitches forward and somersaults in midair, a surprised laugh escaping him.
With a groan he leans forward, sinking his face into Dean’s neck. Wetness covers both their hands, and Emmanuel presses warm against him, panting.
He glances over his shoulder, and spies Eileen talking to Charlie.
He grabs him abruptly, fisting over his cock, and in spite of himself, Castiel groans—willingly thrusting up into Dean’s hand, all that pent up heat and anger spilling out of him, clawing its way to the surface.
“No, it’s—”
The man glances at the two of them, but fills up the glass without a word, then setting one in front of Sam. Sam brings it up to his lips without the intention of really drinking it, and wrinkles his nose at the smell. He sets the glass back down.
“Dean. Please.”
Two fingers find his forehead and he yells, but the world starts to dissolve around him.
Dean grabs his waist and pulls him in, whirling around in circles, galloping around in time to the music.
“Suppose I can just call you Cat.”
Dean continues.
Charlie snorts, throwing him a look.
They sit, talking about nothing in particular, watching the sunset, everything turning to dark midnight blues around them. It’s still pleasantly warm, and completely quiet except for the hum of insects and the lap of water against the shore. The bottle of wine has left Dean pleasantly loose, but instead of feeling sleepy, like he normally does, it just lights the fire that’s been slowly simmering in his belly.
Dean straightens his arm, holding his breath. Emmanuel’s other hand comes to settle on Dean’s waist, the touch light as a feather.
Abby purses her lips, but doesn't say anything. Sam sneers.
Gabriel shuffles, shifting his weight from foot to foot. He doesn’t say anything.
“Well, hello, handsome.”
Alastair grabs her arm and throws her, and Abaddon hits the floor, rolling out of it, whipping her head up, her eyes burning.
Jess squeals, wiggling her ring finger again.
Martin stares at him, bloodshot eyes squinting suspiciously at him.
Dean whips his head around.  The sun is blinding, but there—
"Let him go."
Dean wordlessly snatches his change from the bartender and stomps back to the table, fuming.
Dean places a hand on his chest, shielding Castiel from him.
She brushes off some nonexistent dust from Cas’s shoulder, maintaining uncomfortable eye contact.
He twists the ring off his finger and shoves it into Dean’s hands, gesturing towards himself.
“The truth,” Abaddon snaps out. “You may kill me, to complete Father’s twisted plan—but I will not have you lie to me!”
Dean unconsciously reaches up, tucking his hair behind his ear. They had wanted him to wear a crown tonight, but Dean had rejected the idea vehemently.
He straightens, now looking through the cabinets above the counter.
“I don't know.”
“Stop lying to me!”
Dean pushes past him, looking around.
Cas lowers his head, just barely teasing Dean’s lips with his own.
She doesn’t lower her knife, but Castiel can read the confusion in her face, fear mixed with a sort of pained hope.
She smiles.
Max raises his glass.
“You will break, Anna,” she says, like she’s merely stating a fact. “But I do think it’ll go a little faster if we’re on the same page. In regards to your fate.”
“The Lord and Lady Bergen,” he says crisply.
Benny purses his lips and turns his eyes away, leaning back to take up his post once again. Dean exhales, keeping his hands stiff behind his back, one hand gripping his wrist.
“It’ll be hard for him at first,” he breathes, looking down at Sam. “For—for both of us. But I know he’ll understand.”
“No, Cas, I’m nothing, I’m poison—“
Castiel rolls over. Dean’s got one arm thrown up above his head, the other circled around Castiel, chest rising and falling rhythmically. The early morning rays bathe his face in a soft gold, like the light of Heaven itself.
He stops, gesturing to Castiel.
“Don’t wanna embarrass you,” Dean retorts, smiling.
Meg sits up, tapping the table.
Abaddon looks up, frowning.
Sam tightens his hands on the reins, keeping his breath even. Luke glances at Sam’s white-knuckled grip, unimpressed.
Castiel cocks his head. He can’t have heard her right.
“Or at least you will be,” he says absently. Dean sighs.
Castiel advances on him, snarling.
Mary nods, and she draws her hand back, but Dean can feel her eyes, swiftly raking over his appearance. A tiny smile graces her lips, the sign of approval.
“This is so not about you.”
“That sheriff was here,” she says, slowly, carefully. “But he didn’t make it sound like anyone would be comin' around looking for him.”
Sam stops dead, listening hard. He had made it very clear he was not to be disturbed, by anyone. Who—
—we can make it right, Cas, I’m so sorry—“
“Cas—you should’ve seen it. Sent the thing through a nine-story window and it
It had been almost three weeks since he had last seen Dean, and it was only for about two seconds, when he had appeared to ask what the advantages of a spork were. He had been flashing in intermittently ever since that first morning in the diner, always about random crap, never sticking around long enough for anyone else to see him. And whenever Castiel tried to press him for details on their—‘destiny’—or whatever they were headed towards, Dean would always change the subject.
“No,” Sam says, marking out the Enochian symbols, quick and practiced. “We’ll have to make sure we shove them in.”
“Now, now,” she scolds, yanking him up, an arm around his throat.
The night is black and still, nothing but the sound of the wind. Even the stars seem to be hiding.
Dean whispers.
A knock at the door jerks him back to reality, and Dean shoves his chair back, cheeks hot.
Then she nudges Castiel, inclining her head.
"This nice woman asked about our relationship, and I merely—”
“No, wait, Cas—”
“Begging your pardon, sire,” one says—Andrew, Dean remembers. “But we dare not go near those trees.”
“Runs in the family,” she says.
“What is this?”
"We should go back to the church," he mumbles. "Get to Anna—"
Zeke’s squaring up at the register when his phone starts buzzing in his pocket. He slides it out, squinting at the number.
“You mean you don't know?”
“Gabe, it’s only three miles from the—you think—?”
Charlie grabs his arm, stopping him from going after Eileen. She waves a piece of paper in his face.
Dean nods, but suddenly frowns, biting his lip.
Blood of lamb, the root of a yew tree, various other ingredients that Castiel doesn’t even recognize—all get tossed into the pot as Gabriel reads from an old leather-bound book, chanting resolutely. Castiel stands next to him, but he doesn’t hear the words. He’s anxiously brushing over the weapons laid out on the table, double and triple checking the barrels, even though he knows he loaded them properly. He fingers the blade of his knife, nails digging into the runes carved on its surface.
“So then I guess the first time we truly met was in a barn. In Illinois. He stabbed me,” he adds helpfully, misinterpreting her expression.
—“ Dean sings loudly, spinning Castiel. Sam and Gabriel are laughing at them, nearly folding over in hysterics. Castiel scowls and tries to flip them off, but only succeeds in tripping over his own feet. Dean catches him and scoops him closer, twining their fingers together.
Dean stands frozen for a moment, bewildered. A person, in the forest? His mind briefly flicks to the curse before he dismisses it as nonsense. Perhaps it's another hunter, like himself.
The air is thick with tension, none of them daring to speak a word. Castiel's head is a mess, buzzing with the earth-shattering realizations of the past hour.
Dean nods, shakily, coughing.
“Please.”
Dean doesn’t remember choosing to move, but then he’s next to Emmanuel on the bed, one hand on his cheek. Emmanuel falls into him, almost in his lap, forehead dropping against his.
Charlie glances at him, looking unimpressed. Dean picks at the edge of his sleeve, not looking at her.
"Apartment shopping?”
, come on, come on—“
“Guy’s an idiot, then. If he can’t realize how lucky he is.”
He knows Anna would tell him to just dip into the money they got back from that scumbag Butler, but Castiel won’t. It’s not his money to spend.
Sam can feel his mother’s sadness, aching in every word. He glances at Jessica beside him, then takes a deep breath, turning to Mary.
Dean yells, breaking away from Sam.
“Thank you for the help,” he growls. The short one laughs again.
“Ah.”
Dean turns back to the faded poster, contemplating it.
And now I was to watch over one of them.
Charlie sighs, running a hand over her face. She takes a couple steps so that her back is turned to Abaddon, and she flicks her eyes up, catching Anna’s.
Castiel’s jerks out of his thoughts when he sees Dean Smith trying to stand, his legs shaking. His tear-streaked face has hardened, now a mask of determination as he starts towards the door, fumbling with the lock.
“Didn’t figure you to be a…do they even have a word for it?” Gabriel muses. “Someone who only goes for that particular strain of supernatural…”
Dean exhales, dropping back down on his bed.
She hits his chest, sending him crashing back.
“What?”
But even as he says it, his heart turns to ice. Was it right to put an angel back when it would take away this man’s chance at living?
That gives her pause. She raises a thin eyebrow.
He presses a kiss to the back of Dean's neck, running a hand down his arm.
“Why are you here, Bela?”
“Sam,” she chokes out. “Did you—did you—“
“Maybe she killed Gabriel,” she mutters.
Castiel snaps the stylus in half.
“We had just met,” Ruby shoots back. “I didn’t trust you, either.”
Alastair smiles. Time for Abaddon to experience the true power of Heaven.
She goes quiet for a minute, then twists her hand, the black blade shimmering into view.
“They took a friend of ours,” she says eventually.
Dean is suddenly hit with a wave of longing, of sadness, because he wants his mother to know. Mary would love Castiel. Mary would love to see them happy, together.
Dean turns in his arms, looping his arms around Cas’s neck.
Shit.
“Hey.”
Dean darts forward, screaming at him.
“They’re sigils. Enochian mostly.”
“You would be right.”
“That’s it?” Ruby asks, glaring at him.
Castiel whimpers. She smiles sadly.
“I should—“
“I know we said no gifts, but…” He shrugs. “You did the whole grand gesture thing. Figured it was time I returned the favor.”
Gabriel. Castiel throws a panicked look towards his motionless body.
Castiel stares at him. He feels like he’s drowning, the air pressing in on him, and with every word, it's getting harder to breathe.
Dean has gone soft and still, and he’s staring at Castiel in wonder, his mouth slightly open. Castiel stands firm. He doesn’t regret what he said—it’s the truth. He’ll miss his magicks, sure, but he won’t commit Dean to a life of unhappiness.
“Hello,” Castiel rumbles in his low voice. “I need some opal basil leaves and two bunches of lavender. Recently picked, if possible.”
Dean steps forward.
“Dean, it’s alright,” Castiel whispers, curling a hand around his neck. “It’s alright—“
He wakes slowly, blinking at the night around them. Dean has learned to recognize the time by the height of the moon now. They’ve little over an hour left, Cas’s side pressed warmly up against his.
Dean flinches. Castiel slowly steps forward.
He’s just empty.
“Don’t lie to me,” she snaps, and Castiel falls furiously silent.
Gabriel does, backing away from Dean. He shoots a vicious look at Emmanuel.
“On three?” He bites out.
He turns, a slight edge of desperation in his voice.
Dean cuts off. He lifts a shaky hand from the wet patch spreading over Sam’s back, seeing it come away covered in slick red.
Bela’s too busy monologuing to notice as Dean slips a hand around, slowly, as she continues to whisper empty threats in his ears.
“Unloved by our fathers, second to the golden child…betrayed by the siblings who were, above all, the ones we were supposed to trust the most.”
Dean’s chest heaves, and he looks back and forth between the two of them, scowling at Sam.
He fingers a hole in them, smiling fondly at the charred edges. Only slightly scorched this time. Nothing Dean couldn’t put right in a snap of fingers.
Dean doesn’t answer immediately, and Castiel wants to kick himself. He shouldn’t have asked that, shit—
“I just don’t understand why you want to help me,” Sam says stubbornly.
He ducks forward, pressing two fingers to the side of Morgan’s neck. Nothing.
"You know what, Lilith?"
Castiel clenches his fists, but he obeys, and doesn't move a muscle. Naomi's eyes are dark.
They’re silent for a moment.
“Ain’t no trick.”
She places a soft pressure on the blade, her perfect veneer finally cracked by anger.
Castiel shivers, gasping silently against his mouth.
“Dean. Do we need this blade or not?”
“Dean…the real Dean,” Castiel says, tapping his chest. “Is he…”
Gabriel snatches a chair from an adjoining table, pulling it up next to Cas.
The adults talked, and Dean saw him kneel down, speaking softly.
“Anna,” he pleads.
He holds his breath as Dean smoothes a hand down his thigh, a wave of warmth spreading from his fingers as he heals him. He doesn’t have to, but Dean devotes his attention to every inch of his skin.
Dean clears his throat. He reaches out, almost hesitantly, curling his hand around his mother’s gun.
“You can’t protect him forever, Dean.”
“You said you’d explain everything,” Sam says, cutting him off. “So explain.”
Dean’s hardly awake when he feels his horse stop moving underneath him. The shackles have been digging into his wrists ever since they left the camp, chafing and rubbing his skin raw. His horse turns her head, and the manacles scrape his skin, causing Dean to hiss, sucking his breath in through his teeth. The outlaw turns his head at that, sharp eyes missing nothing.
She looks back at the man at the table, face twisted in dislike.
Cas breathes in sharply as Dean presses in, sliding his hands up Dean’s arms.
Dean falls silent, staring at him.
Charlie sniffs, and hops up onto the slightly raised edge of rock, standing opposite Abaddon. She tucks her hands in the pockets of her jeans, shrugging.
“What about me?”
Mick comes up behind him, swirling the ice in his drink.
Flash forward to thirty minutes later, where Dean is somehow a part of this.
She nods towards Anna.
Dean feels the poisonous magic leave him in a rush, and his eyes fly open in shock.
“And before that, Dad. The summer we went to the pier.”
Emmanuel turns his head, staring at Dean. He’s removed his hat, and everything about him hangs heavy, lines of sorrow and regret surrounding sunken eyes, dark pools that draw Dean in, wishing him closer.
“Right—you’re not,” he sneers. “It was just your boyfriend screwing with the entire course of destiny.”
“No, Em,” she whispers. “Don’t.”
He grabs one of the books, flipping feverishly through it, trying to remember the proper sigils. This is better. No one will be able to get to the cabin, the blade will stay locked away—and it’ll be fine. Castiel will starve himself to stay away from Abaddon. Just as long as he doesn’t put the rest of them in danger.
“I hit you,” Dean breathes, terror clogging his throat. “Oh, god, I—it was me—“
He looks out to the end of the canyon, to the harsh red sun.
“Want anything?” He asks.
“And if he pledges his love to another…”
“Friendly place,” he mutters.
“And he—“
“Who’s there?” Calls a voice.
“What?”
“Okay. Bit of angel blood then.”
“You are not going to believe this.”
“I heard them talking,” Dean continues. “They’re coming for you, Emmanuel. Not two hours’ ride away.”
The angel—was it an angel?—strides forward, grabbing Dean’s arm.
“That is not what is happening here—”
“Can’t wait to see him on Friday,” Alicia says. “Is this how your toast is gonna go? ‘Happiness is a myth, love is dead, blah, blah, blah, congrats on the wedding?’”
“More than you," Dean sneers, and spits in the man's face.
His shot doesn’t hit either, but it’s far closer. Emmanuel lowers his arms, squinting.
"Cas," he chokes out. Castiel shushes him, a hand on his lips.
“You ain’t much older,” Castiel says flatly. She glares at him.
“Benny.” Dean reaches out, gripping Benny’s sleeve. “Don’t tell—don’t tell Mother. Please.”
“It’s been chaos since Alastair left,” Sam murmurs. “And Charlie is the last remaining archangel. It’s her rightful place.”
The woman plants her hands on her hips, staring him down.
Then, of course, there’s the tricky little matter of her will.
Castiel exhales, rubbing his eyes.
“Gabe—shit—Gabriel?”
"Yeah. I think I will be," he says eventually, and he realizes that it's true.
"I'm okay with that," she says shakily. "It's worth it—"
Castiel hisses at her.
Castiel laughs.
and even though they’re too far away for Eileen to read their lips, she can still read every line of her body language. She’s curving towards him, her hand on his arm.
Sent:
Castiel bolts forward, but suddenly the thing is standing there, that light burning into him. It seems like it’s coming from everywhere and nowhere, centering behind its head, shining in a hazy ring.
“Huh,” he says.
She stops, her words lost.
Dean just hopes the outlaw knows what he's getting into.
She reaches out a hand, and Chevre steps closer, sniffing at her curiously.
“Dean,” he says, “Dean—”
Anna scrambles away behind him. Her gun is lying on the floor, ten feet away.
“Don’t tell them,” he mumbles. “Please.”
The foot of the bed is alight with deep blue flames, burning slowly across the scrunched sheets, turning them a soft solid grey. Castiel isn’t scared, the flames don’t hurt—they’re just kind of…there, lighting up the room, which he can see now, and shit—
The minutes tick by, agonizingly slow. They barely say ten words altogether, tensing at every little sound. Castiel ends up hunched by their bag of supplies, nervously turning over his gun in his hands. Anna is chewing at the corner of her thumb, her eyes darting everywhere.
Cas brings his hand up to curl softly around Dean’s wrist.
He moves to the center of the room, pulling the knife. She merely watches, her eyes impassive.
Dean shakes his head.
Dean bolts, placing himself in front of Gabriel.
He turns back to his laces. He succeeds in removing the first shoe and tosses it over the edge of the bed, huffing out a triumphant breath.
“We follow the report about the cattle thief. To Clayton.”
“Oh! Excuse me.”
“No, you’re right,” she shoots back, standing sharply. “What do I know?”
“And proud of it,” he whispers back, closing his eyes and leaning in for another kiss.
“For once in your fucking life—“
“Hey,” she says warmly. “Am I interrupting something?”
He pulls the knife, grimacing. He gives himself a clean cut on the forearm, slowly letting out his breath. He looks up, holding out for Gabriel to see.
“I guess.”
“What?”
He had been so young, so naïve. He had known nothing of the humans—not really. All he knew was what the other angels told him. That humanity was incessant, the same. Boring.
“Well, now,” comes a sweet sultry voice, laced with blood and silk.
“And if we ever need a good man, I’ll know who to call,” Emmanuel is saying, releasing Benny’s hand.
“You all brought this on yourselves. As far as we know, you just made the reverse happen. Abaddon with her vessel and Alastair flying blind.”
Dean sighs.
“Lilith.”
He's with Joshua, in the garden.
Castiel swallows hard, slowly dragging his eyes up to look at the angel now towering over him, eyes green and poisonous.
"Ah. So you are."
“Oops.” He glances at Anna. “Should he not know that? Figured everyone would find out eventually.”
“Damn.”
“I don’t know,” Emmanuel murmurs.
There once was a time when they’d sit close enough for their knees to knock, their hands lacing over the railing as Dean told stories, weaving grand tales of the constellations and their histories, while Castiel listened, enraptured.
Dean seizes his arm and twists it, Castiel crying out as his bones break.
“Damn,” he murmurs. “I sure married a catch.”
"Not used to these narrow aisles,” he mumbles lamely, finally sinking into his seat without further accident.
“Right,” Dean says.
The man turns, and gives him a curious smile.
“Ah...” he murmurs. “Dean, is it?”
Castiel laughs with her, unable to hold onto his sulk. He remembers it clearly—Dad had wrapped him in a tarp and basically threatened to chuck him into the lake, as Anna grinned in triumph from the front seat, Castiel’s usual perch. Then Dad didn’t let him take one step inside until he soaked him down with the garden hose, and Castiel had gone off to his room like that, one hand holding his dripping shoes, leaving puddles in his wake.
“You’re damn right.”
Another flash of lightning illuminates the figure of a swan at the window.
He bites at his jaw—
“Cas—“
Sam speaks up, his voice crisp.
“Yeah? Who the hell are you?”
That gives Dean pause.
Gabriel is still for a moment. Then he’s moving forward, and he yanks Castiel up, crushing him into a tight hug.
“What?”
Castiel stares blindly at the wall, his blood hot and thick in his ears. He presses a hand against the doorframe, slowly curling his fist.
Dean nods grimly.
He cuts off, his chest heaving.
“As if he hasn’t anticipated that,” a third adds. “I say we follow the original path. Back to Teller Country.”
“Sam, wait—”
“This isn’t exactly the most titillating of conversations—“
Castiel doesn’t move.
Anna frowns, shaking her head slightly.
Castiel speaks again, his voice low.
The guy next to him whacks the newcomer on the legs, giving him a little push towards the empty seat on his other side.
Another angel—staring him down, hatred on his face.
He bites at his lip, and Castiel jerks back, tasting blood.
“There’s, uh…a—fight coming,” he murmurs hesitantly. “Not too far off from saving the world, really.”
Castiel smiles too, and he grasps Dean’s hand, letting go after a brief moment.
“But I hid the church. Warded it and myself,” Dean continues. “They couldn’t find me, or Anna, so they…looked around for the next best thing.”
“Suit yourself.”
“Dude,” Dean scoffs. “That’s like Cop 101. You might as well sit in his lap and tell him you’re with the NYPD.”
Dean’s triumphant smile lights up Castiel’s heart for days.
“I don’t. I
The guests who are still there cheer them on their way out the door, but Dean can’t resist one last word, waggling his ring finger at Bobby.
Dean winces. Cas looks more and more weirded out with every line.
—what the—“
guardian—“
He knows it must be different for every soul, just like Heaven reveals itself in different ways, but Dean doesn’t have a soul. He can see it in its true form, the vast expanse of chaos and terror. It's dirt and earth and horrible monsters, the dark point of the night when every fear runs through the mind, imagining death, and it’s that knowledge, of the darkness and the void at the end of life—that makes up Hell.
He gasps, clutching at his chest. But it’s still whole. No wounds. No blood. Nothing.
“Now, where’s your brother? He owes me forty bucks.”
Alicia grins.
The man in the dark coat wraps up the money, tucking it away into his pocket.
“Ha ha,” Cas says sarcastically.
He resists the urge to rip the letter open right then and there. He wants to wait ‘til he’s alone.
He finds his way into the Winchesters’ room, knocking on the bathroom door.
“None of that.”
“Fine.”
Castiel doesn’t respond. He picks up his gun and loads a fresh clip, viciously sliding it home.
Without realizing it, Castiel has turned into an adult. He’s not a young man anymore.
“What do you think, Sheriff?”
“How do you know?”
“Shut up,” Ruby snaps.
Dean closes his eyes, breath slowing as Cas quickly cleans them up with some piece of abandoned clothing, tossing it to the side where it will no doubt gross out one of them later. But for right now he’s content to drift, as Castiel’s hand finds Dean’s again, their fingers slipping together.
Dean hums along quietly, and Castiel feels himself sinking again. They sit in silence for a while, just breathing each other in.
He stops, opening up his own ring box. He pulls it from its case, holding it out. Dean looks down at it, taking in the delicate silver curves, the groove running down the middle.
Castiel looks up.
“Yes. I suppose you would look down upon me, Sam. You with your righteous high-minded agenda. Yet I helped you,” she states flatly, “because it was my best chance at survival.” She shakes her head. “Don’t bring morals into this.”
“Hey," he says, smiling.
“It’s alright, Castiel," Naomi whispers, petting through his hair, cooing. “You don’t have to fight anymore. Let go. Let go.”
Castiel turns. There’s a boy standing in the entrance of the blacksmith’s shop, looking at them curiously.
They dive again, and Dean looks over at him, smiling as the lights below illuminate the pure joy on Cas’s face.
She glares at him.
It’s almost like a dream, an enchanted world, where anything might happen.
“I'm not leaving, Sammy.”
“Still think this was a bad idea,” Anna says. Emmanuel drops the bags on the bar.
Ruby’s blood turns to ice.
“Hmm.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Sam,” he says, highly amused. “But now I absolutely demand to hear this story.”
Dean looks at him strangely, but Castiel just inclines his head, beckoning him forward. All the ingredients are set up, but Castiel hadn’t wanted to call him without Dean being here.
“How did I find you?” She seizes on his question, pursing her lips. “Well. Naomi was of help, of course.”
Sam is left to fend for himself. He considers making his way to the bar, then figures he ought to stay put, in case the girl comes back to the same spot to find him. A serving girl wends her way past, and Sam is about to call out to her—when one of the drinking men grabs her waist.
“Whoa, what? Come on—”
The outlaw smiles.
“Eh. Thought I’d pop in. Not too much going on upstairs.”
Dean looks up, scowling.
here—“
“Fuck off,” Dean says to no one.
He takes a sip, licking his lips at the burn. It’s ain’t bad, but the liquor they had at Benny’s was far better. He looks up at Emmanuel, about to comment, and stops.
Castiel turns, slinging the bag over his shoulder. His eyes are threatening to blur with tears again.
He starts laughing, laughing and laughing.
"No surprises there."
“You’re definitely dressed for the weather,” he says. “You know, not a lot of guys could pull off the creepy flasher look, but you’re really working it.”
Naomi seizes his wrist, twisting it, and he cries out in pain.
“You already got us a wedding present, this is really―okay, fine, it’s incredible. But―”
“No, I—“
“No, Castiel,” she says. “I am an angel.”
“You haven’t met many outlaws, have you, Sheriff?” He says quietly.
“No feet on my dash.”
“Dean—“ he tries to warn, but it comes out more like a broken plea.
“That’s what Meg said.”
Castiel looks up sharply, but Dean is grinning at him. Castiel realizes belatedly that he’s returning the smile, and hastily clears his throat, looking away.
Dean pushes him up against the wall of the shower, pressing his lips up against his ear.
“I...I just thought—y—you and him—“
Dean sighs, dragging a hand down his face. He hears Benny ask him something, but he waves him off, in no mood to talk. He’s grateful that some of their court was allowed to accompany them to Daughton—he thinks his family and Benny are the only things that kept him sane during this past week—but right now, he wants to be alone.
Dean starts, suddenly remembering that Benny is very much there and very much watching their whole exchange. He takes a reluctant step back, gesturing hastily.
He steps forward slowly, reaching out. But Dean doesn’t back away, and Castiel takes Dean’s hands, pulling them to his chest.
“That’s the central focus of the outfit. Lose that and you’re just some weirdo in a cape.”
Castiel stares at it, his pulse quickening. He turns abruptly, staring at the table. The edges of an idea are forming in his mind, and he grips the edge of the table, thinking hard. It's a long shot, but he's got no other choice.
So yeah, that wouldn’t be fair to Cas. He deserves better than that, always.
Right now, knowing that they still have this is perhaps the only thing that keeps Cas from clinging to Dean and demanding that he doesn’t go.
“It’d be better if it was your mouth around me,” Dean whines, setting Cas’ nerves alight.
