“Quite all right. All in a day’s work.” Shirley nodded.
“Yes, sir? How can I help you?”
Shirley’s eyes went wide, the solution to the puzzle clicking into place inside her mind.
That was the only time Sherlock Holmes ever dyed his hair.
“Oh, I do apologize, ladies. Enjoy your meal and have a wonderful evening.” Cassius Bruwood bowed his head and began shuffling toward the restaurant’s exit.
Shirley blinked a few times. “In what way?”
He stepped off the edge of the St Barts roof, felt the air rush past him violently as the concrete grew closer and closer.
Sherlock tossed his mobile to the side.
Shirley’s muscles stiffened and she immediately took two steps back.
Shirley cocked her head to the side and stared Jane down, trying to read her face.
“I just - I just wanted -” The old man was bumbling and wringing his hands.
"You're as beautiful, smart, and sexy as the day I met you, okay? So what if your hair goes grey? Doesn't change the fact that you're the smartest person I've ever met. And it doesn't change the fact that I'll always love you."
"Time to wash out the dye. Care to join me?"
No matter. He sent Mike a quick reply and climbed out of bed.
“Just one. Only one.”
“I wanted to say thank you. You helped catch the criminal responsible for my brother’s murder. I always said that if I ever saw you in person that I would personally thank you for everything you did to put that bastard behind bars -”
The man coughed and his cheeks reddened. “Pardon my language, ladies.”
Sherlock laid flat on his back and held his phone above his face. Yes, he was still looking for a flatmate, because bloody Mycroft wouldn’t pay Sherlock’s rent and leave him be. But did he trust stodgy Mike Stamford to find him someone suitable?
“Experiment over, love.”
“Miss Holmes, beg pardon, but -”
“No - don’t -”
Shirley ran a hand through her hair and took a few more steps way from Jane. “Jane, I - I’m sorry but I just don’t feel that way about you. I care about you, yes, I like having you around, and you’re an excellent partner on cases, but –”
Shirley smiled, but it didn’t reach her eyes and therefore wasn’t real. She was just being polite.
to Molly before going back to the first text from Mike.
“I love you, Shirl.”
Instead, Sherlock woke up in his bed, dingy light leaking in from the window, muffled behind the curtains. He blinked, his vision fuzzy, and then the pain settled in, as it always did after a night of getting high.
Jane felt tears pricking at her eyes. “As in, I’m in love with you. I’m in love with you even though I know I shouldn’t be, because this isn’t your area. But I’ve kept it locked inside for so long and...and I just needed to say it. No matter the consequence.”
John shook his head. "No."
Jane turned and didn’t look back. She walked up the flight of stairs to her room, fumbled at the doorknob, and went inside. She closed the door behind her, making sure it made as little noise as possible.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
But there was no sudden impact.
John smiled. "I'd love to."
A frosty silence hovered between them.
"Not hard to deduce, is it?"
Jane sat down at her vanity, but didn’t turn on the lights lining the mirror. Instead, she stared at her reflection in the dark.
This was meant to be.
“Goodbye John.”
He’d had the same dream again. The rooftop one, where he talked to a man on his mobile before jumping to his death. The man’s voice sounded so familiar, but Sherlock could never quite place where he’d heard it before.
Jane shook her head. “I can still see some steam coming off it, so quit being petulant. When you have a positively sterling reputation as the world’s only consulting detective, people are going to recognize you. People are going to want to thank you for the things you’ve done.”
“The makeup. Dinner.”
Now he heard something buzzing. Sherlock turned away from the light and fumbled for his mobile on the nightstand. He had an unread text message, and squinted at the words until they finally slid into focus.
"Then don't ask questions you already know the answers to."
Jane felt her heart drop to her stomach, even though this reaction was exactly what she had expected, deep down.
Jane’s breath hitched in her chest and all thoughts of apprehension and fear floated away.
Sherlock pouted for a few seconds, but then stood up from his chair and walked over to John. John immediately drew him into a tight hug. Sherlock reluctantly wrapped his arms around John and rested his chin on top of John's head.
John already knew the reason why Sherlock had a shower cap covering his head, and it wasn't because he was about to take a shower. He remembered the look on Sherlock's face when he'd lovingly teased him about the grey hairs taking over his dark tresses.
She reached for her makeup remover wipes, tugged one of the damp cloths free, and began wiping off her face. As she watched the face Shirley painted for her melt away, Jane couldn’t stop the tears from falling anymore. The cloth fell limp from her hand, and she smothered her face as sobs began to rack her body.
Jane inhaled slowly, exhaled a breath that shook and she cursed at herself for it. “I said I love you, Shirley.”
Lovely.
“I only care to be noticed by you, thanks.” Shirley stared at her plate for a few more seconds before glancing up at Jane, only to find her smiling.
Jane smiled. “He seemed nice.”
At first, Shirley refused to make eye contact with the old man who had approached their table. But Jane’s eyes were now staring daggers at her, as if to say
"I didn't mean to make you feel bad, you know. I was just kidding around."
“No, that’s not what I meant. No. I just mean not in
I see the road we ran off of, where he had pointed a gun at my head, claiming me to be his hostage in order to keep me out of the crime we were about to commit. Of course I had let him do it. No one else could have pointed a gun at me and receive the same reaction, but I trusted him with my life. I slowly turn my head towards the golden numbers 221 at the door, the one he had held open for me so many times. I look up at the windows with its closed curtains, and for a second my eyes trick me into seeing the tall figure right there. He used to secretly watch me when I went out, I know that. Contrary to his belief, I’m not a complete idiot. Our last conversation in there replays in my mind.
When nothing extraordinary happens at the clinic, I find myself getting lost in my thoughts. In between patients, I keep looking around nervously, expecting to see her any moment. But the truth is I last saw Mary on Sherlock’s birthday, when I told her that I cheated on her. I’m not a psychologist, but maybe that’s what I needed to tell her to be able to let her go. What happened when Mary died was not unlike to my prior experience with Sherlock. When he was dead, or rather, when I thought he was dead, I saw him, too. He never talked to me, though. With Mary I was horrified when I heard her utter her first word, right after the funeral, but I got used to it and even started having regular conversations with her. My own behaviour scared me back then, but I didn’t know that it was about to get even worse after New Year’s.
“But we could get some from the ice-cream shop,” she replied hopefully.
John grins. “I’d say we’ve had our first date a long time ago. We just didn’t know it yet.”
Sherlock nodded briefly.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
They stand in the kitchen in silence, both drinking their cups of coffee. Apparently John doesn’t recall the awkward moment on the roof top, as he doesn’t show any indication of resentment or anger.
The cemetery is quite empty for a Sunday afternoon. I turn left to Mary’s grave and stop in front of it. I forgot to buy flowers, but the old ones from last week still seem fine. I’ve made a habit of visiting her grave once a week, usually with Rosie. I tell Rosie about Mary when we’re here (although I leave out the not-quite-children-appropriate-assassin-stories). Rosie often asks me about her Mummy, and that’s when I usually improvise because there’s so much I didn’t know about her, or don’t want a two-year old to know. Now is one of the rare occasions that I’m here alone, and I figure I might as well use the opportunity.
“Anyway, his name was Charles Augustus Magnussen, and I shot him in front of you and some important people from the government, including my brother.”
John stared at their matching rings. His was a surprisingly good fit. He couldn’t help but think back to when he first wore the wedding band he had picked out with Mary. This one felt different, somehow.
I follow Sherlock, who carefully carries my daughter upstairs. He places her inside the crib which, I notice with slight confusion, already contains some fresh bed sheets. My bed is made, as well, but the room looks empty without my stuff in it. I look at the white walls without pictures and the empty cupboards and somehow it still feels more like home than my own flat. Once Sherlock places Rosie down, I see him touch her cheek fondly and my heart jumps. Who knew Sherlock could be so tender?
“Okay.”
The DI doesn’t look convinced. “Okay, we’ll bring you in tomorrow. Off you go.”
“No, god, no! I just think maybe we could… pretend? Just for a week, or maybe… a month?”
John sits down slowly, taking a deep breath. “Mary and I had a fight and now she’s spending New Year’s Eve with her friend Laura, so I thought I could spend it with you?”
“We should go home,” I say abruptly.
“Thank you, Sherlock. This means a lot,” I manage to say. I look up and see his dark blue eyes on me. He’s probably deducing my thoughts. Damn it, John, think of something happy!
“Oh, thank god! Are you waking up?” The feeling currently flowing through Sherlock’s veins is indescribable - relief, joy, bliss, love, fear and happiness all at once. John, his John, is finally waking up! Sherlock removes his hand from John’s and carefully strokes over his cheek and his forehead that is damp from sweat. John seems to open his eyes slowly and Sherlock wants to cry at the sight.
“Mr. Watson, please, calm down. Your husband doesn’t want to see you right now.” The words hurt more than John’s
Sherlock shifted his weight so that he was closer to John and John could feel the heat radiating from his body even through several layers of blanket. With a toddler pressed between them, their shoulders were almost touching.
He hasn’t quite figured out what to propose when John says: “No, it’s fine.”
“What? What are you talking about?” The desperation is clear in Henry’s voice.
“What?”
John seems to think about that for a while. He looks up and stares into Sherlock’s eyes before asking: “But why did you do that for me? It could’ve ruined your life; you could’ve ended up in prison!”
Sherlock closes his eyes, but he can still feel John’s presence. They aren’t technically touching, although they're only mere centimetres apart, but there is a warmth spreading from John’s body that feels unknown and fascinating. Sherlock can still feel John’s breath, now growing steadier and calmer against his neck. It sends small shivers down Sherlock’s spine, which he thinks come from him being a bit ticklish.
Sherlock sits on the bed and waits for John. Somehow, he's even more nervous than last night. He feels like a school boy about to break some rule, one he didn’t even knew existed. It’s annoying.
“What?” He smiled back
“You’re sure you want to wear this jumper?”
“It means that you can make a wish,” he then said to Rosie. She looked at him with wide eyes.
“You had no right to make that decision for me… for us! You didn’t give me a chance to explain, not even a single minute to stop you, to talk to you!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s fine, really. I wanted to work on the carpet experiment anyway.”
“Do you really want to know that, John?”
“I’m going to take a shower,” Sherlock said suddenly.
John’s stare turns into a grin and his face reddens a bit. “I know, I know, but... sorry, I’m being irrational.” And then he does the most wonderful thing, he starts to giggle.
I should’ve known. For some reason, Sherlock loves putting Rosie to bed and getting her up in the morning. A couple of months ago I noticed that the two of them developed their own little ritual. Even though I was a bit jealous at first, I mostly find it endearing. A couple of years ago, if someone would’ve told me that Sherlock would be this caring about a child, I wouldn’t have believed him. After Mary’s death, it seemed impossible that he’d ever be able to do all of these things with Rosie. Now he’s almost like a father to her. He spends most of his days with her and only leaves for cases occasionally. When we go on a case, we leave Rosie with Mrs. H., Molly or Greg. They’re all wonderful with her and she loves spending time with them. Nevertheless, I always see the happiness on her face when she sees Sherlock. He’s definitely her favourite.
“You ran away, Sherlock, leaving me behind. You never even asked how I feel,” John stops, because he feels his voice breaking.
“Hmmm?”
John nods but raises an eyebrow when Sherlock turns back around to 221B. He follows his friend upstairs again until they are in the hallway. Sherlock opens a wooden door in the ceiling that somehow John never noticed before and lets John pass through. The stairs are shaky and tiny and John is thankful for Sherlock right behind him, but he manages eventually and finds himself in the cold once more.
“Mr. Simon, what else can you tell us about your wife’s behaviour? Did she start acting strange at any time during the wedding?” I ask him and give Sherlock a look that hopefully conveys
“Oh my god,” he says again. “This is it.”
“Well, yes, actually. Do you have something in?” Remembering the thumbs in the fridge, John quickly adds: “Or should we get take-out?”
September rushes past, and all of a sudden it’s October and John still doesn’t remember anything. They’ve spent a particularly long day with Stamford, because he’s one of the only people in London whose company John seems to enjoy. They talked about their old days at Bart’s, and Sherlock, having nothing to add to the conversation, felt quite left out.
“Anyway, I’ll carry these upstairs. Oh, and you were right. Sherlock is coming by to help later.”
John clears his throat. “Okay. Goodnight, Sherlock.”
Sherlock averts his gaze from John’s chest to the nurse. She’s giving him an encouraging smile, obviously trying her best to convince him. She’s not been in their room before, so she can’t know Sherlock’s previous responses to this suggestion. Her name tag says Nancy with a tiny elephant next to it, suggesting that the pediatric station is her usual working environment. She seems tired around her eyes, probably caused by being a single working mother of twins, but Sherlock can’t tell why she’s not involved with the other parent anymore. Even his deduction skills seem to have left him.
“I will find your wife,” I hear Sherlock say. He makes it sound like a fact. I look over at him shortly, hoping desperately that he’s got a plan and it’s not just his above-average self-confidence talking.
Sherlock’s heart flutters involuntarily. What is she doing here?
When John arrives on the other side of the street, he realises this might not have been his best idea yet. Upon approaching the police tape, one of the officers looks at him questioningly and starts coming closer. He’s followed by Mr. Holmes who appeared from out of nowhere, a look of surprise on his face that only lasts briefly before returning to a blank expression. John awaits them from the other side of the tape, desperately trying to come up with a suitable reason for his presence.
“Oh, yes, sure.” I search through the bag Molly brought for a second. “Dammit, Molly forgot the pap. I think I need to run down to Tesco’s.”
They tried spending time together, all three of them, but for some reason it didn’t quite work out. That reason being that Mary hates Sherlock, understandingly. Whenever he’s with her, Sherlock can feel her eyes on him – and not in a good way. So far her love for John has kept her from saying or doing anything about it, but Sherlock knows she’s furious inside, probably burning with jealousy.
“What are you talking about? I have no idea – “
“Sherlock, why didn’t you tell me?”
Sherlock noticed that John was still grinning and eyeing him afterwards. He was staring at him so intensely that it was starting to scare Sherlock a bit. The knowledge of finally being allowed to stare at John, without having to fear that he’d notice, still overwhelmed Sherlock sometimes.
“Yeah, me too.” I don’t know what else to say. I’ve never really spent much time talking to Molly. To be fair, I only saw her with Sherlock, and she only ever had eyes for him.
When John enters Sherlock’s flat with the key Sherlock gave him months ago, he hears two voices mumbling upstairs. One of them is the sweet, honey-thick voice of Irene Adler, who magically returned from the dead a week ago; the other is a deep sonorant male voice John would recognise everywhere. He closes the door as quietly as possible and looks for Mrs. Hudson, but she’s apparently still at her sister’s house.
“Er, Sherlock, there’s something I’ve been meaning to say.”
Sherlock wakes up with a pounding head the next morning. He slowly opens his eyes against the blinding light spreading across his bedroom. It takes him a second to remember the slip of emotion he showed on the roof top yesterday.
“Did I what?”
They make their way downstairs, Sherlock accompanying him to the front door.
from such a long time ago. The doctor who is currently standing in his way of the door crosses his arms in front of him and gives Sherlock a long look. He’s surrounded by two other doctors who have already examined John after Sherlock had pressed the alarm on John’s bedside.
“Honey, what’s going on? Where have you been? I was worried sick!”
Sherlock frowns slightly.
John lowers his head for a second, swallowing hard. “Look, I find it difficult this sort of stuff.”
I sit up in my bed. My heart is pounding hard in my chest and I have struggle to breathe. Sweat has soaked my pyjamas and my throat feels extremely dry. I take the glass of water standing on my night stand and drink it in one go. The only thing worse than a nightmare is waking up and realising that reality is even worse. I look at my watch. It’s 3:50. Usually I wake up the first time at around 2 o’clock and then a second time at around 5. Maybe this night I can get away with only one nightmare. I swallow another sleeping pill before lying back down onto the cold pillow. I close my eyes and drift off almost immediately.
“Is that…?”
“Anytime, John.” With that, he leaves and closes the door behind him.
“I’ve checked your phone, John. And I saw the texts.”
“How is that even possible?”
His fingers are dribbling on the table, a clear sign of impatience and nervousness. Even though he knows there’s objectively no reason to be any of said things, Sherlock can’t get himself to stop. He keeps checking Angelo’s front door, waiting for the small bell to make its distinct sound, but for now John Watson is nowhere to be seen. After the quite successful evening he shared with the doctor yesterday, Sherlock was eager to include him further on solving the case. John’s attitude towards shooting out compliments seems to be one of the reasons why Sherlock decided to keep him around. He hasn’t figured out the remaining reasons, yet.
“Oh that’s okay, I didn’t mean to keep you back.”
“Better?” he asks after changing into his only black shirt. It sits a bit too tightly, considering John bought it ages ago, but he doesn’t really mind.
“You’re supposed to spend Valentine’s Day with the person you love,” John replies. He’s not sure why he points it out.
“But I want to! I mean it!”
“We saw it, we saw it!” Henry is yelling behind him.
I follow my friend around the large building until we are facing the back yard. The brick wall keeps us locked out of the villa, even though it’s not very high. Sherlock gives me a look and I know what he’s thinking immediately.
“He is,” Mary interrupts. “Will you just keep your distance, then?”
Sherlock looks away, unsure how to react. He’s moved by John’s words, but he knows he shouldn’t be. It’s better for him not to develop any sort of feelings for John – be it sympathy or others. John, albeit being his person, is married. And even if he weren’t, sentiment is a dangerous disadvantage found on the losing side.
I frown at him. What small addition is he talking about? Sherlock reaches into the leather bag he didn’t open all afternoon, and suddenly I remember the experiment he texted me about earlier. I mentally prepare myself for what’s to come when I see Sherlock pulling a beautiful mobile out of the bag. Little bees hang on the strings in every shape and form, and it’s obvious that this mobile is a handmade unicum.
“The bees are so intricately made,” I say, stepping closer to examine the beautiful details of the mobile.
“What do you expect me to do?” Sherlock asks. He needs to be sure, otherwise he’s going to make a fool of himself.
“It’s really beautiful. You should play more often,” John finally says. His voice is deep and he clears his throat.
“Only if you want to, of course. Rosie can sleep in the crib Mrs. Hudson got her for Christmas. You still haven’t picked it up.”
“No, I cannot. I would never do this to you, not after everything we’ve been through!”
“Who was the first?”
“Sherlock?” she asks, but the ringing of the doorbell interrupts her. “Oh, I’d rather get that,” she adds and finally turns her attention away from him.
“You don’t know much about politics, do you?” John asks with a smirk.
Sherlock briefly presses his lips together. John didn’t know back then so how was he supposed to know now?
detective. The only one in the world, I invented the job.”
“Hello, brother.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to reply. For the first time in his life, he finds himself unable to deduce even the smallest detail about the person in front of him. The woman walks into the room, her high heels clicking on the floor, and stops in front of Sherlock. With a quick motion of her hand she pulls Sherlock’s white collar from his shirt.
“... You’re looking for a man probably with a history of military service and nerves of steel –“ he trails off when something, or rather someone, catches his attention. He can feel his presence a fraction before he sees him. Dr. John Watson is standing behind the police tape, looking innocently at him, just like he did four days ago. Sherlock’s mood brightens instantly, and he briefly wonders whether John feels the same. For a moment their eyes meet, then John looks away.
Sherlock leans in a bit closer in his chair. “I meant that you can stay.”
“Did it mean anything?”
based on his assumption about John’s attraction to danger. The reply came within minutes.
“He went downstairs to see Nana but I didn’t want to come.”
“Yes, very dramatic. And how did you do it?” Sherlock tries to bide his time while simultaneously thinking about an escape plan. For some reason his brilliant mind decided to leave him at this very moment.
“I can’t imagine what it must’ve been like…” I start, but get interrupted by the sound of my phone. A glance at the display tells me it’s Mary.
“It’s always gonna be the two of us,” I say.
So much for the dramatic touch, Sherlock thinks. He can’t help rolling his eyes.
“You are! It’s because you always wear the damn coat. It makes you acclimatised to warmth. Come here.” John says, raising his own arm as to invite Sherlock in.
A million questions continue to swirl through his mind: What was John doing at Baker Street? Why was he so angry with Sherlock? Why couldn’t they just continue hugging? How can their reunion feel like the happiest and saddest moment in Sherlock’s life at the same time? And the most pressing question: Why isn’t John wearing his wedding band?
After a while he goes back into the living room to find John asleep. He’s lying on his side, his head draped underneath a small cushion. His lips are slightly parted and his left arm is hanging down, almost touching the floor. Sherlock decides to throw a blanket over him and gives his arm a light squeeze while doing so. Suddenly John shifts in his sleep until he’s more on his back, causing Sherlock to freeze in his movement.
“It’s a piece that I wrote for our wedding. It’s called ‘The Vow’.” He slowly places the violin back into the case and sits down in his chair. John’s eyes follow his movement, but he doesn’t sit down himself.
“Oh, dear, is everything all right?” Mrs. Hudson greets him after seeing the look on his face.
His best friend doesn’t reply.
“No, it is! It is. And I want to be up there with the two people that I love and care about most in the world.” I can’t believe I’m saying this. It feels weird saying it out loud, but it’s true nonetheless and I want Sherlock to know.
Sherlock comes immediately. He spurts all over his chest, and his orgasm keeps on going and going. Once he’s finished, I retrieve my finger from him and move back up to where Sherlock is lying.
“Okay. I’ll go warm it up then.”
“Could have been both.”
“So, thanks for your help.”
“Happy drowning! I will be watching from the port whole outside,” Miller says, pointing to the long stripe of glass right underneath them.
“Ah, Dr. Watson, I’m so glad you’re here. She’s been quite a handful today.”
“What can I do to change that, Mrs. Watson?”
“Miss Adler, I presume.” Sherlock changes back into his normal voice. There’s no need for the disguise anymore.
John nodded in agreement. They walked over to the other guests where John first greeted Molly and then had a small-talk with Sally and some of the other DIs. From the corner of his eyes he saw Sherlock watching Rosie with eagle’s eyes as he felt a familiar warmth spreading in his chest.
“I am, thank you. You really don’t have to worry, I started working again after the holidays.”
“Er, I was just...”
John laughs, causing Sherlock to raise an eyebrow at him. “Is there a problem?”
Upstairs, I aim for the living room but hear Sherlock’s voice from the kitchen.
“So the passenger disappeared in the tube from Westminster to St. James’s Park. There’s nowhere he could have gone off?” Sherlock asks.
“No, I’m already finished. Let me just make some fresh tea.”
“It’s fine, really. It was my fault.”
“Yes!”
“Can you stay for a while?” Sherlock interrupts. “Just to keep me company.”
John shook his head. “Sherlock, you weren’t supposed to spend money on this. We could’ve taken plastic toy rings, for all I care.”
Sherlock needs to bend his back in order to reach John’s height, he can feel tiny branches of the bush poking into his legs. His right ear itches and his feet start to hurt from this ducked position, and yet Sherlock can’t remember a better moment in his life.
happen, Sherlock reminds himself.
“Brilliant.”
“Well get used to it,” is all John can say. He smiles up at Sherlock, but any further words are interrupted by the shout of the serial killer.
“That’s why you’re an idiot.” Even though it’s pitch black, Sherlock can feel John smiling at him. “But that’s okay, ‘cause you’re my idiot.”
Sherlock, making sure that Mr. Archer stops, slowly turns towards the safe. His mind works frantically with John’s life at stake. He enters the – hopefully correct – code and looks back at the dominatrix, who gives him another vital sign. Before opening the safe, Sherlock shouts ‘Vatican Cameos’ and hopes for John to get the hint.
“You’ve been counting?” John laughed.
When the memories get too much, when I am on the verge of drowning in them, I usually go to bed. I haven’t found a solution yet, but I will. It’s the only thing that keeps me going. I lay down in my bed, feeling cold and as lonely as ever. As soon as I fall asleep, I will have a nightmare. The only consoling thought is that at least I can talk to him in those. I can see him during the day, but I never talk to him and he never talks to me. Sometimes he watches me at work, sometimes he sits at the table with me when I have dinner. But we never talk, I’m not insane. I don’t want to alarm anyone though, so I don’t tell Ella. Somehow I feel that it helps, knowing that he’s watching me. I close my eyes and wait for sleep to take over me. My last thought before drifting off is always the one thought I do not allow myself to have during the day.
“I asked him to meet me here for assistance. He’s a doctor. Don’t give me that look, Lestrade, you know Anderson won’t work with me.”
“I don’t understand…”
“Should we take a cab?” John asked him on their way out.
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“No, probably not. But you should.”
“We better get going, honey, the traffic is horrible,” she tells John.
“Sherlock, wait!”
Something in Sherlock’s expression shifts. John decides to not dwell on this part any further and looks down.
“You’re the one who shot him. Don’t blame me.”
“Lilly asked me at kindergarten today. She said that her Mummy and Daddy are just like you and Papa.”
Sherlock thinks about it for a split second. “Maybe.”
Once Sherlock is alone with John again, he shifts in his chair and resumes staring at the figure next to him. His back hurts from sitting in the same position for so long, and his throat feels as dry as sandpaper. He distantly recalls drinking a class of water this morning. Or was it yesterday? It doesn’t matter. All that matters is that he gets John back as soon as possible. Sherlock blinks a couple of times to moist his eyes and plays with the golden ring on his finger again when all of a sudden he hears a sound. It’s coming from the bed next to him, only the tiniest of sounds like a combination of a cough and a whimper, and it’s the best noise Sherlock has ever heard. He almost trips over jumping out of the chair.
“It’s fine,” John says with a glance at the man whose face is turning alarmingly red. “We’ll get you some once we arrive.”
Still, he has no regrets. He has come to terms with the fact that he’s unlikely to ever be in a relationship again; and the realisation felt almost liberating.
“Er,” Sherlock started. “I don’t know. Where’s Daddy?”
They sat in silence for a while, watching the London sky stretching out below, when all of a sudden a shooting star shot across the sky in the distance. Sherlock and John sat up straighter while Rosie made a gasping sound.
Sherlock’s heart skips a beat.
Sherlock has to swallow hard. He should tell John that he’s got no reason to thank him. In fact, John should yell at him, beat him, hate him, if he knew the truth. But something is holding Sherlock back from confessing to John. They’ve made such good progress this past week; he doesn’t want to ruin what they’re carefully starting to rebuilt.
Sherlock replies without a second thought. With John’s life on the line, there’s nothing he wouldn’t do. “I’ll come back and I will find your underground terror cell.” His voice is firm, but he’s shaking inside.
“That must be him! Let’s go.”
“So, the lack of crimes is slowly driving you mad?” John asks whilst sitting down.
“Yes! I mean who doesn’t love being treated like a lab rat!”
“No, I didn’t see anything.”
I offer him to use mine instead, which he takes. It’s a bit weird that he’s got no signal, mine seems perfectly fine. He thanks me and approaches to take my phone, then turns back to the table. Is this my potential flatmate, then?
I didn’t even realise that I dozed off, until I wake up from a knock on the door.
John opens his mouth; he completely forgot about mentioning his help to Sherlock before. He settles on telling her the truth.
He shakes off the thought and places a mug filled with coffee next to John – no sugar, just milk.
“John, I wasn’t expecting you,” he says while taking a step aside to let John enter.
“You… you made me feel like a complete dick-head! I thought I was being the worst husband ever; all the while you were shagging someone else?!”
“Daddy, Nanna, look!” Rosie interrupts us.
“I did. Although I do prefer to let Angelo do the cooking.”
They watch the programme for a while. Sherlock doesn’t understand how a man of John’s intelligence can possibly enjoy such dull things. He watches in silence and mentally goes through a list of body parts he will have to collect from the morgue on Tuesday morning, but he can't concentrate well. He's painfully aware of John’s proximity. If he only shifted a little bit further, their arms would touch.
He so hates being wrong.
“How long have you been back from Afghanistan?” Mike asks.
I exhale sharply. “Do you think his murder’s got something to do with the case? It could be a coincidence.”
“John? Are you asleep, yet?”
“Oh, that must have been almost four years ago. I’m sorry I didn’t call, I was a bit…out at first, you know? Getting back on track took me a while and when I finally did I had a full-time job and Mary to keep me busy.”
Mike seems to really think about that. It’s nice of him to try and help me, but I don’t think there really is a way for me to stay in London. “I don’t know, get a flatshare or something.” is his next suggestion. Ha. What a great idea, Mike.
“I need… to exercise... more,” John pants. Sherlock has to repress a smile. He looks at his flatmate who admittedly has gained approximately two and a half pounds since he moved in with Sherlock, but who still looks well-trained in his navy shirt. Especially his arms and shoulder blades look strong and muscular, and Sherlock eyes them carefully.
“For John’s sake, of course. You obviously don’t know him as well as I do, so trust me when I say it’s best for him. He’s been quite depressed lately.”
Sherlock slumps to his knees frantically, only half aware of the sounds he’s still uttering. He runs his eyes over the bomb again. There must be something he can do; he will
“Then I’d like to tell you that we solved the case.”
“What are you doing here?” he manages to get out.
“It means when the police are out of their depth – which is always – they consult me,” Sherlock concludes.
Sherlock stares into the deep blue eyes he’s seen so many times, the eyes he could still lose himself in. “You are so much more, John.”
John, clenching his left hand into a fist, looks up at Sherlock with an indeterminable expression. “I’m glad I
The robot voice in the subway announces his stop, so John gets up from his seat, feeling the woman’s eyes on him. He takes the stairs of the station and quickly walks over to the flat, his head pounding with every step. Lately, the migraine has gotten considerably worse, but John isn’t sure whether he can blame that on Sherlock’s absence.
Once people start shouting a count-down, John turns to Sherlock thinking there’s no one he’d rather start the New Year with. When the fireworks start, the sky turns into a spectacle of lights and colours, giving John chills. He smiles upwards, forgetting his worries and enjoying the moment instead.
“Of course. This is your first case since the Culverton Smith one, isn’t it?”
One last fluff before the whole mess of 2016 (i.e. season 4) starts...
“I told you in January that you didn’t need to save me anymore. Why did you even do that? You could’ve... died jumping into the tank,” Sherlock’s voice is softer now, filled with concern for John’s life – after almost drowning himself.
“Then who said anything about flatmates?” This whole conversation is beginning to get strange.
“Mad? Why would I be mad at you?” I have to giggle. For a second, I think I’m going to hyperventilate. I have to take a deep breath. Sherlock LOVES me. Sherlock loves ME.
“Today was fun, wasn’t it?” John asks.
At that, he gives me a quick look. It somehow makes me feel exposed, as if he can read me like an open book. “I know you’re an army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you, but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him. Possibly because he’s an alcoholic, more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp is psychosomatic, quite correctly I’m afraid. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
There’s a shifting when one of them leaves their chair. “Well, I’ll be delicate then. Let’s have dinner.”
“John, I – “ he started, but his voice was shaking. Apparently, he was in shock.
need those things.
Sherlock lies on the sofa later that night, still wide awake. Even though he hasn’t slept in three days, his eyes can’t seem to close now. He stares into the darkness of the living room, his mind swirling. He needs to fix this as soon as possible. Sherlock was so happy when John woke up that he thought this day might beat the day of their first kiss so many years ago. Now he’s not sure whether this day has been one of the best or worst days of his life. He should be more than thankful that he’s finally got John back, but the thing is that this isn’t his John, not completely. He’s got the John from ten years ago back, which of course is still better than any version of any other human being, but it’s also not enough. Not anymore. He needs the John that knows him, bickers with him, kisses him, makes tea for him, admires his deductions, orders Chinese and watches crap telly with him, loves him.  How can he get him back? How can he make the love of his life fall in love with him again?
He opened his eyes and found Sherlock blinking at him, something close to vulnerability in his features. His curls were a blue mess and there was a streak of orange on his face where John had touched him mere seconds ago; and he looked almost achingly beautiful.
“Morning,” he replies.
“No, I don’t think I want to.” Sherlock probably deduced it already. The thought makes John even more miserable.
“It’s the vegetable sauce you like so much.”
“I don’t think I have any,” Sherlock replies.
It’s Nancy, one of the nurses. Leaning against the door frame slightly, she suppresses a yawn. She works part-time like her husband, allowing them to take care of their two kids in turn. John knows she’d rather be home sooner than later; and frankly he feels the same.
“John, what a marvellous timing! We were just waiting for you.”
“You’re welcome.”
“Not yet, Sherlock,” I whisper and replace the wet hand with my other one. I guide one of my fingers further down, until I reach Sherlock’s ass. He shivers at the touch and groans. I enter him slowly, stretching him and opening him up as careful as possible. Once Sherlock feels comfortable, I add a second finger.
“Well, technically I more or less convinced you that she had saved my life. You weren’t too happy at first, but you came to your senses eventually. She was not only pregnant with your child; she was also the better choice for you back then. She was able to give you what I thought I never could.” Sherlock has to stop himself for a second, as the emotions flood him.
“I never wanted this to happen, Mary, you have to believe me!”
Sherlock nods but looks at John intensely, probably thinking about something more profound than whether he would’ve liked to stay for desert after all.
“You really didn’t want to come back, did you? So what happens when the case is solved, will you run away again? Maybe Italy, this time?”
They both look over at Irene.
“Oh… okay. So the lad’s fine?” John asks.
(a ridiculous attempt at keeping a dying tradition alive, in Sherlock’s opinion), and she’s smiling at him expectantly.
“That’s amazing, Sherlock. But what does this have to do with the cow traces?”
“Of course.”
“Is that what?”
The cab ride home feels like torture. Neither of them dare to speak, but their eyes are glued together. Sherlock is still holding John’s hand tightly, and John enjoys the warmth spreading from Sherlock’s fingers as well as the tingling that never seems to fade when their hands touch.
When their lips parted, Sherlock remained with his forehead to John’s. “I love you, too.”
“It would be nice if you could explain everything to me,” John starts. He sinks deeper into his chair, increasing the space between them.
But it’s not just that. Sherlock was accustomed to his unrequited love, present in the back of his mind during every conversation held with John; but after last night he could never look John, or Mary, in the eye again. When John grabbed him by his coat and came so unbearably close, Sherlock lost all control. He ruined John’s marriage because of his selfishness. When Mary asked him to stay away from John last year, Sherlock didn’t oblige. He wasn’t capable of stepping back, of letting John go in order to save his marriage. He was selfish in telling Mary that he wouldn’t leave unless John asked him to. The only gift he can give them now is doing exactly that; giving them a chance to mend their relationship with him out of the equation. Leaving London will make it easier for John to focus on his wife, and to spend less time with the sociopath he’s unfortunate enough to call his person.
I bring the breakfast to Mary and slowly shake her awake. She turns around and opens her eyes.
“John,” Sherlock said.
“So, what shall we do now?” he asks, failing to ignore Sherlock blowing on his tea.
“Of course I don’t mind.”
“Do you have any theories as to why she ran off?”
“What’s the plan now?” John asks.
There’s a pause during which Sherlock just stares at him. John clenches and unclenches his left hand, looking at the floor.
When she turns around to leave, the guy asks: “How do you feel about the violin?” I turn around to look at the woman, but she’s already leaving, apparently not feeling like the addressee of the question. Who does he mean, then? Mike? Or me?
He immediately regrets the words once they’re out. That’s not what he intended to say. John’s expression has turned from anger to desperation and sadness.
“Just shut up, Sherlock,” I say and kiss him again. This time it’s rougher and more passionate. Sherlock opens his mouth and deepens the kiss. I realise that we’re still standing in the living room, so I start to move us over to Sherlock’s bedroom. We keep kissing as we stumble towards it, and somehow there’s still too much space between us. When we finally reach the bedroom, I close the door with my foot and practically slam Sherlock up against the door. He makes a gloriously surprised sound that is music to my ears. I can feel my erection pressing into his. It feels different at first, but glorious. Sherlock’s hands are all over me; he touches my hair and pulls on my shirt. Suddenly I remember that this is probably new territory for him, too.
I climb down the stairs still in my pyjamas to find my flatmate curled up on the sofa. “I need you to go to the supermarket and buy the following supplies: crystal iodine, baby powder, a make-up brush with soft bristles and a blue plastic container,” he says with closed eyes.
“He’s much more than that.”
“What?”
Whuuups, so I guess this chapter is longer than all of the other ones together, sorry.
“Yes, John. This is Mr. Heidegger.”
Either way, he has an almost free choice of location, even though there’s one place Sherlock can’t go to – the place where his heart desperately wants to lead him. His fate is a cruel one – the only place in the world where he wants to be is the one he can never return to. If he could, he’d fly back to London within the blink of an eye.
“What are you doing?” Mary calls after him.
This was Sherlock, his best friend and the father of his child, who was married to no one but his work and who had never felt things that way. John couldn’t use him like this because Sherlock deserved to share a kiss with the person he
“You’re welcome. Please send him my regards and best wishes. Ice cream can help reduce the fever.”
“Can you promise me it didn’t mean anything to you?” Mary’s gaze is demanding now, her eyes piercing right into John’s soul.
Waves of guilt are stirring up inside him, but then his wife answers the phone and it’s too late to draw back. John stammers incohesive words of proposition that Mary understands surprisingly well. She even tells him to have fun with the corpses.
The rest of the day is interrupted twice, once by Mrs. Hudson bringing up leftover lasagne for lunch and once by Greg offering Sherlock the case again. He comes over in the late afternoon, after having spent the whole day trying to solve it himself.
„Do you really have to do this, John?”
Sherlock is, I notice with slight disgust, holding an eyeball with some large tweezers in his hand. He’s apparently trying to roast it as he is holding a lit blowtorch near to the optic nerve dangling behind the eyeball. He is wearing his camel coloured dressing gown which was always my favourite on him.
“Is this okay?” he asks.
“What is all of that in the bag?”
Sherlock finally looks up from his magazine and looks the DI over. “The body will have to wait until tomorrow, as John and I already have plans for the evening.”
“I don’t know what he’s up to actually.”
“Oh I’ve heard about you two, please come in.”
“Since when do you worry? You don’t have to, I’m just…content,” I respond, and realise immediately how that sounds.
Suddenly, my thoughts get interrupted by a ringing sound. It’s not the TV. My phone. I reach over to grab it and sigh as I see the name of the incoming caller. “Hello?”
“Can I talk to you for a sec?”
“John?”
They grinned at each other and suddenly Sherlock felt a weight against his legs. He lifted Rosie up and held her between himself and John, trying to grasp the amount of happiness he was feeling. Did anyone even deserve to be so lucky?
John’s face reddens visibly.  “What do you mean by that?”
“What the hell was I thinking?” John blurts out.
The place should feel strange, messy and probably also a bit disgusting to John, but it doesn’t. It simply feels like home.
John stared at the tiny letters. His heart beat frantically in his chest. There was no other thought, no other words in his head except for these seventeen letters. They brought him back to a moment so long ago, when Rosie hadn’t even been born yet and when everything had been so different. A moment that was forever imprinted on John’s mind. And suddenly, and with absolute certainty, he knew.
I want you to
John’s voice is low when he speaks. “I wanted you to stay, Sherlock. When we kissed everything changed. I left Mary.”
My wife gives me a look like she would prefer to kill me right now. A quiet voice in the back of my head tells me that she probably could. I tell the voice to shut up.
John was taken off-guard but thankfully Sherlock’s mind was working perfectly fine. He took John by one hand and guided his arm around John’s back, lightly pressing their bodies closer together.
Sherlock smirks at the arrogance of this dominatrix. She might have a point, though.
“What was that noise downstairs?” He asks. I turn into the kitchen to see my friend standing at the table wearing safety glasses. I am still taken aback by seeing him here, living and breathing. If he knew how many times I saw him in the last years, always silent, he would definitely laugh at me. Hearing him actually speak still feels like a miracle sometimes. It’s almost been three months since his return from the dead, but I still feel my heart jump a bit whenever I see him. At first I was angry at him for lying to me and not trusting me enough to let me in on his plan. When I found out later that he faked his suicide to protect Mrs Hudson, Greg and me, I forgave him, even though he had given me the toughest two years of my life. In the end, my happiness definitely outweighed my anger.
Once she’s gone, John sinks down into the armchair he always considered his; the one Irene Adler sat in a couple of minutes ago spreading her odour. Sherlock is still in his chair, his hands draped underneath his chin. He’s wearing a black suit with a white shirt, instead of one of his dressing gowns. John wonders whether he doesn’t wear them around Irene or whether it’s just a coincidence.
“Oh and you would know what I want, wouldn’t you? That’s so typical of you. The great Sherlock Holmes, knows everyone better than they know themselves.”
“SHERLOCK!”
“Yes, I’m aware, that’s why I’m here. I want you to contact him.”
Upon re-entering the flat, I hear Sherlock in the kitchen. He’s checking the phone under a microscope and looks up expectantly. I hand him the grocery bag and gesture to the microscope.
The deer stalker started out as one of Sherlock’s disguises. Ever since John started his blog, Sherlock has been getting more and more public attention, making his undercover work harder to fulfill. The deer stalker somehow turned into his signature piece. John knows that Sherlock hates it, so naturally he would never tell Sherlock that he finds it endearing.
I don’t say.
“Fine, but you need to fill out some paperwork later,” the man tells John before pacing towards the building behind them.
The cab comes to a halt in front of 221B after an eternity, so John throws some cash at the driver with his free hand and pulls Sherlock out of the cab on his side. He lets go of Sherlock’s hand in order to reach for his keys and suddenly realises that he hasn’t told Sherlock that he lives in his flat, yet.
I need to talk to Sherlock. If he wants to be her father, I’ll gladly let him. If Rosie is destined to grow up without a mother she can have as many fathers as she likes. And Sherlock’s definitely not the worst choice.
), the founder of the preparatory school and the person who contacted Sherlock two days prior, collects them from the station and drives them directly to Finn Saltire’s house, the father of the disappeared ten-year-old.
I give Rosie one last look and say my goodbyes to Molly.
“You should get some rest,” he says to John, whose eyes are already closing in an increased frequency.
John suggested sleeping on the floor that seemed ‘sooo comfy’ the other night, but Sherlock convinced him to move to the sofa instead. It was the first night John actually spent at Baker Street sleeping, not counting when he had a nap on the couch two weeks ago. Even though he stays at Sherlock’s flat regularly during cases, John always goes home for sleep. Yesterday, Sherlock was quite nervous about the prospect of John staying at 221B. He considered offering him his bed, but found it too obvious. There aren’t many people in the world whom he would willingly allow to sleep in his bed.
“You can’t just use people for such things without their consent, Sherlock. It’s dangerous!” John yells.
“Why do you know anything about horses?” Sherlock can’t keep himself from asking.
“And then you said ‘Marry me, Sherlock.’” He traces John’s band with a finger. “Does that sound familiar?”
“What are you doing there, Sherlock?”
John nods understandingly and takes a step forward, closer to Sherlock. He looks him in the eyes and Sherlock could lose himself in the depth of John’s.
I look back up. Sherlock is kneeling in front of the bed, his hands still around my shaft.
“Even though I could talk about Scotland Yard’s incompetence all day, tell us about your case, Mr. Simon,” Sherlock says while stirring in his cup.
“Oh yeah, I really do. I was just angry that you didn’t tell me right away, not because I thought you were responsible for the accident. I’m trying to get my memories back and if you withhold information from me, it’s only going to be more difficult.” He slowly extracts his hands from Sherlock’s body and exhales audibly.
“No, I don’t. Otherwise I’d say that you’re being a prat.”
John throws a look at him that Sherlock does not quite understand and says: “We’ll share. It’s not like we don’t share a suitcase anyway.”
There’s a quick smile on her lips before she closes the door. John picks up his phone from the desk to text Mary that he’ll be home soon. Due to her part-time employment, she had the day off. Maybe they can watch and old Western over dinner, if John manages to concentrate this time. He already feels tired at the prospect of his couch waiting for him.
John furrows his brows at the contradictory statement and turns his attention from one man to the other whilst they continue their uncomfortable conversation about Mr. Anderson’s infidelity with one of the female sergeants. John feels like an intruder, but the two men don’t seem to care about his presence, shooting insults back and forth without a second thought.
“Yes. And I’m sorry, too. I should’ve figured it out sooner,” John admits.
“I am! But my body’s betraying me,” Sherlock says before coughing out loud. “Please, John, I’m in agony!”
“Exactly.”
“Yes, of course I’m alright.”
“It’s Greg. And he’s not my best friend.” I reply with a tender voice. Somehow knowing that Sherlock doesn’t think he could be my best friend is touching.
“You did?”
“So, what did you think?”
“I know, I know, you didn’t... you don’t go out with guys, but we were friends first, best friends, really, and then you had a wife, but she... she passed away and we, sort of...” Suddenly Sherlock realises that their life together is more complicated to explain than he anticipated and also that he doesn’t like sharing the details with this Dr. Molder standing right next to him. He wants nothing more than to touch John, hug him, and kiss him until he remembers.
“Er, I’m sorry, I was just going to use the loo...” Sherlock starts.
Sherlock helps me by serving as a step ladder. He gently pushes me higher up on the wall and I finally manage to land on the other side. A minute later, Sherlock lands on the ground as elegant as ever.
“Never mind.”
“Are you really that bad at deductions? Don’t you know that you’re the person I care about most in the world? I know I’ve never explicitly said it, but I thought my actions spoke loud enough.”
“Now, you should get some sleep, love,” John said while brushing a curl of hair from Rosie’s forehead. He was hoping to change the topic as quickly as possible.
“What are you talking about?”
“Flattered?” John asks again.
“You killed an unarmed man? Why did you do that?” Sherlock can hear disbelief, but also disappointment in John’s voice and he hates it. He hates that he has to go through this again, has to see John’s reactions and relieve some of the worst parts of their past.
Sherlock immediately pulled her into his arms and started comforting her. John moved closer to them and gently stroked Rosie’s hair. He glanced up at Sherlock, who was looking the other way. It seemed as though he was avoiding John’s eyes.
After that night, it had gotten easy for Sherlock and John to fall into a routine of pretending to be a married couple in public. They held hands during their walks to the park, their way to the supermarket, their strolls around the streets of London. And they did many of these walks, these days.
“You saw what?”
“Once you’ve ruled out the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be true.” He looks down at his shaking hand. “Look at me, John, I’m afraid.”
“Oh yes, Sherlock. Come for me.”
“I should probably get going now,” he says to Sherlock and starts turning away slightly.
“Well, that was true for a long time. But after meeting you, my priorities shifted somehow. I just never had the courage to tell you.”
Sherlock nods, then looks up at John expectantly. John takes a hand to Sherlock’s forehead and feels the slightly elevated temperature. He goes into the bathroom and returns with a wet towel he places on Sherlock’s head.
“I understand,” his wife replies. “But I guess I need some time to process it.”
“What? Yeah, sure. I’m sorry. I drifted off, apparently.”
“Jesus! Look, Mycroft, there’s been a misunderstanding, I need to talk to Sherlock immediately! Do you know where he is?”
Sherlock pauses in his movement. “Oh, haven’t I told you about the case yet?” He frowns at me.
“Hatty, as someone who has lost his wife I can assure you that your husband will be very glad to know that you’re alive. Please come with us.”
“Do you still find them beautiful?”
I open the front door for him and a stream of cold air immediately enters the flat. Sherlock pulls his coat tightly around him and turns his coat collar up. He’s still doing it after all those years. I can’t help but wonder how we ended up here, him leaving for his flat and me staying in mine. It never occurred to me that we wouldn’t live together anymore. His death changed everything. What would’ve happened if he never jumped, I wonder briefly. Would I still have met Mary? Would I have gotten married? Would I be a father in a couple of months? Or would I be at Baker Street now, solving cases with or getting mad at Sherlock?
“But what does it have to do with the terrorist attack?” John asks.
He finally sighs and shifts in his chair. “I know that it’s not the two of us against the rest of the world anymore, John.” Somehow he looks vulnerable, even hurt. I feel something tighten in my chest.
“Okay, Sherlock, I think he gets it,” John intervenes.
“What... wheremI?” John mumbles.
“When he died, I was devastated! It took me years to put me back together and then I just wanted a fresh start, so I didn’t tell you. I fell in love with you, but then… the day we got married a man picked up the bouquet for me, and it was Francis. I recognised him immediately. I was so confused and desperately needed to talk to him, so I got away after our reception and he explained everything to me. He wasn’t killed by the bomb all those years ago, but was taken hostage and only got away a few months ago. He searched me immediately but it turned out rather difficult because I had moved away. Jake, I love you, believe me I do, but Francis is the love of my life!” Hatty raises her voice at that, but she’s shaking visibly.
Mary’s mouth has dropped open. I shrug my shoulders. “It’s what the girl at the baby market recommended.”
“I know. But there’s one thing I want you to remember, dear. A bond between souls is ancient, older than the planet. It dissolves the difference between the person we want to be with and the person we are meant to be with and unites them in one.” Mrs. Hudson looks at him expectantly.
“Sherlock...”
When John turns around to leave, Mary tells him she’ll be right behind. Sherlock’s stomach swirls – did she notice anything? Are his emotions written all over his face? Finally, after the downstairs door is slammed shut, she returns her attention to him.
“A simple cold? John, you are a doctor – you should know better. My nose is blocked, my throat is sore, I have a headache as well as a fever, and spasm in my lungs.” He loos up at John with a very serious expression.
26 minutes later, he arrives at Baker Street, his heart hammering in his chest. He uses his key without caring to knock first, and breathlessly storms into Sherlock’s flat. He doesn’t have the slightest idea of what he’s going to say, but he knows this is the only place on earth he wants to be.
John interrupts him with a smirk. “So, what did we vow to each other?”
“What?”
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice even deeper than usual. His eyes that currently shine dark blue in the dim light of the hallway stare at me, before he adds “We should leave.”
“Is something wrong?” John asks and his voice is husky and deep.
The beeping sound of my alarm wakes me up. I had another dreamless night. They have become more frequent, lately, and I don’t know whether I’m happy or sad about it. On the one hand, sleeping through the night without waking up panting is a relief. On the other hand, it means that I can no longer talk to Sherlock. I still see him, but only a few times a week. He still never speaks to me, though, and I am afraid of forgetting the sound of his deep voice. I get up and ruffle my hands through my hair. It’s quite early to start thinking about Sherlock, and I briefly fear that I might fall back into old habits. But then again maybe today is an exception.
That’s all the confirmation John needs. He leans forward and kisses Sherlock again, more passionate and hungry this time. Sherlock does something with his tongue that sends a jolt of desire through John’s groins. He deepens the kiss and starts unbuttoning the black shirt with practiced fingers. Sherlock pulls the shirt from his arms once the buttons are undone, then proceeds to pull John’s t-shirt over his head. John bends his head forward slightly to kiss Sherlock’s neck, who groans slightly in response, and starts walking them both through the room until Sherlock dips down into the sofa. Without hesitance, John lays down on top of him, so that their chests are touching. He resumes kissing Sherlock’s earlobe and neck, and then starts planting kisses down Sherlock’s torso, wandering further down with every touch.
He wakes up the next morning feeling John’s heavy arm around him. He turns around to face John, who is just waking up. John smiles up at him and Sherlock thinks his heart might be performing a backflip. There’s still a 3% chance left that the last night only happened in Sherlock’s dream.
“Okay. We need to talk about… us. It’s not how it used to be. We barely talk or do anything together. You’re gone constantly, and I run off to Sherlock whenever I get the chance. It’s tearing me apart to admit but I… I can’t be with you anymore,” John says, his voice cracking. It’s the hardest thing he ever had to admit. “It wouldn’t be fair.”
The room is small and dusty. It consists of one double bed and a tiny bathroom. There’s hardly any space for the suitcase. Sherlock is the first to go undress in the bathroom. He can barely unpack his pajama bottoms (
“We’ve just met and we’re gonna go and look at a flat?”
“I did
“This should fit perfectly… right here,” he says while hanging the mobile up over the crib.
think about it, Mary’s words actually make some sort of sense. If he had left her to be alone, he would have waited a decent amount of time before he pursued anything with Sherlock. He would’ve felt a hundred times worse, knowing that Mary was heart-broken and alone and miserable. He wouldn’t have run off into Sherlock’s open arms. It would’ve killed him, but John’s not the type of person to jump from one partner to the next. Now, however, he knows that Mary’s not alone, and definitely not miserable either. At least this way, he can screw being nice and waiting a decent amount of time because his wife just diminished that time to zero.
“I’m a lot better, actually. I’m seeing my new therapist again on Tuesday, she really helps me through it. And Sherlock and I are a lot better, too.” I clear my throat. Of course Molly knows what happened at the morgue.
“It’s more than okay,” John says and starts caressing Sherlock’s hand with his thumb. It feels fascinating. Sherlock doesn’t know whether he’ll ever get used to this. He feels like his chest will combust if he stares at John’s deep eyes any longer, but he can’t look away.
“No, not at all. It’s just not something people normally suggest.”
John took a deep breath and looked Sherlock straight into the eyes. “I love you, Sherlock, I always have. I loved you when we were flatmates all those years ago, when you were gone, even when I was married to someone else. I’m sorry it took me so long to say it. It’s as true today as it was back then. And if you’ll have me, I’m yours.”
“The clinic I work at is actually not too far from Bart’s, you just take the tube from...”
“Sherlock? Couldn’t we have just asked Mr Bellinger to show us his house?” I whisper from behind. It has gotten quite late: dusk has already arrived.
“John, I… I don’t know what to say.”
“He informed me about the underground network. I do hope you’ve got a useful lead,” Sherlock replies, his tone as tense as the atmosphere in the room.
“Dr. Watson, I’m sure you’ve got questions.”
“You call this ‘under control’? You could’ve died, Sherlock!”
Instead of a reply, Sherlock rushes out of his chair with a flexibility that shouldn’t be allowed at his age anymore and picks up his violin. After fixing the tune he turns towards the window, facing away from John, and starts playing. Upon the first couple of notes, John starts to relax. He shifts deeper into his chair and watches Sherlock’s back slightly moving with the rhythm of the music.
“Yes.”
As we stand up, a woman on the bench next to us addresses me.
“Well, it bloody sounds like it,” John yells and jumps to his feet.
Sherlock offering me to stay.
Sherlock and I enter the living room where Mary is still curled up on the sofa. I hold my breath for a second. Seeing them together is still weird, after everything that has happened. While Sherlock approaches Mary and bends down to give her a kiss on the cheek, I think that sometimes I seem to be the only one that remembers the last couple of months..
“No, you shouldn’t. Why don’t you ask someone to help?”
“So,” I say. “We haven’t been here in a long time, have we?”
“So what did you find out?” I ask later. We decided to walk all the way back to the flat, enjoying the cold winter air.
“Is it another case?” Mary asks.
Up until a couple of weeks ago, Sherlock despised the idea of having a soulmate. It just isn’t logical; it doesn’t make sense from a scientific point of view. How can two people be destined to be together, be pulled towards each other like magnets? It’s ludicrous. Yet here Sherlock is, unable to forget the person his soul is bonded to, as if he were just an ordinary man with ordinary human emotions. From early on in his life, Sherlock – much like his brother Mycroft – always thought he was above outbursts of human emotions. He didn’t need love or friendship, didn’t need companionship or significant others. But for some reason, on the 30th of January (or maybe even the day before) he realised that he
“Yes, I mean no. It’s just...” He pinches the back of his nose. “You know that I love you, right?”
“Rosie, everything’s fine,” I hear him murmur into her neck. He sits down on the bench with Rosie still in his arms and I take a seat next to them.
John smiles, even though he feels like his heart is about to jump out of his chest. “I love you, too.”
“Yes. Did you know that you need to buy a waterproof cover for a crib in case the baby pees on it?”
“John. Joooohn. JOHN!” I open my eyes slowly and turn to look at the watch. 7:55. Either Sherlock needs me to put out a fire or to fetch him the phone from his pocket. “JOHN!” I turn around, crawling further under my bed sheet. It feels warm and cosy and I don’t ever want to leave. “Joohn!” I weigh up the probabilities and decide to get up after all. It’s not like I have much of a choice anyway.
“Sherlock!” The surprise in Mycroft’s voice sounds earnest. “I wasn’t expecting to hear from you so soon.”
“Yeah, I know I’ve got fat.”
“She must be your daughter,” John murmured to Sherlock.
After he has left, I look up at Sherlock, waiting for an explanation. Either he doesn’t realise that I’m staring at him or he ignores it on purpose, still staring at the door as if Greg just exited.
“Who are you?” she asks suspiciously.
“John, you don’t have to – ”
They had established that back when Rosie had been two years old and things had gotten a little complicated. After the horrible incident that had nearly destroyed 221B completely, John and Sherlock had decided to draw up a wall in John’s room, splitting it into two smaller bedrooms. Moving back in was a decision John hadn’t even made consciously. He had arrived with Rosie and all their things neatly packed, and had known he was home when Sherlock had opened the front door with a chicken claw in his hand.
“John. You’re a soldier. It’s gonna take you a while to adjust to civilian life. And writing a blog about everything that happens to you will honestly help you.” She says is with care. She’s a nice person, really, but she doesn’t know much about me. How could she? Everything that happens to me? What does she want me to write about, how I drank tea and ate an apple this morning? Or how I limped to the supermarket yesterday?
“Couldn’t Harry help?” he asks instead. I’m surprised that he remembers her name. It’s not like I saw her often during my time at Bart’s. Probably a bit more than now, but still. I think about my last phone call with her. It ended with one party screaming “arsehole” to which the other party reacted by hanging up. No, Harry’s definitely not an option.
“Yes, you did! You left me, Sherlock!”
“I don’t want to spend my last minutes like this.” There are tears in John’s eyes, and he takes a step forward.
“Sorry?”
“As ever, Scotland Yard has missed everything of importance. Jack Downing was in fact killed by his brother. You can arrest him if he has a green ladder.”
The case is promising. It reminds Sherlock of the Henry Knight case, the one that his flatmate had so romantically called The Hounds of Baskerville on his blog. Even though he would never admit it, Sherlock enjoys leaving London every once in a while. The countryside always reminds him of his parent’s home and the air is significantly fresher than in the cab-filled city. John seems to enjoy it as well, which is another bonus.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Only because this day is known as a love holiday doesn’t make it any different from any other day.”
“Then how do you know about –“
. Although that’s no news to you, I presume.”
“No, that’s not what I… well, technically yes, but… I meant something more permanently, actually.”
“Yeah sure, it’s not like you didn’t want to bring a suitcase at all, leaving me to the task of packing for the both of us,” John replies sarcastically. Sherlock ignores his comment, takes the suitcase from John and hovers it into the boot of the cab. He goes around the car and manoeuvres himself into the back seat. John is already in the seat next to him.
When the film starts John sits down a couple of inches closer than he usually does, and Sherlock feels the warmth of John’s body radiating next to him. He leans closer to John, trying to enjoy something he used to have every day. Sherlock isn’t really listening to the film. He deduced who the killer was after five minutes and therefore spends the time enjoying John’s proximity. In the middle of the film, John suddenly presses pause and turns his focus to Sherlock.
“John? Can we share a bed more often? It’s just that I slept quite well next to you and it seems you sleep well next to me, so I guess it only makes sense.” Sherlock realises how needy he sounds. For the first time in his life, he doesn’t care.
“I was contacted two days ago by a certain Mr Bellinger. He told me that a document of great importance was stolen from his dispatch box, which he had kept at home all the time. The document’s content is particularly interesting, it could start another war as it is an injudicious letter from a foreign potentate. As it turns out, Mr Bellinger is the secretary for European affairs and he asked me to help him find the letter. Since no one in his house knows of the dispatch box, I decided to put my homeless network on it. Yesterday evening one of my spies, Davis, was found stabbed to death.”
“Why exactly are we doing this again?” John whispers. He is close to Sherlock, very close, almost closer than strictly necessary for the situation.
I wonder why the man couldn’t come to Baker Street, but don’t dwell on it any further. Maybe Sherlock wants to see his surrounding to deduce where the bride might have run off to. Maybe the man is disabled. Or maybe, a tiny voice whispers, Sherlock waited until I had time for our first proper case this year.
Back at 221B, Sherlock calls for Mrs. Hudson, who seems to be absent. He distantly recalls her mentioning another weekend away with her current partner, but Sherlock doesn’t remember whether it’s still the one with the wife in Winchester or not. Maybe it’s better for him to leave without his landlady trying to talk him out of it. He decides to call her from Germany; but the knowledge of not seeing her again hurts more than he anticipated.
“John.”
“What?!”
“Oh, that’s so nice. Thank you, Sherlock.” Mary gives him a genuine smile, which Sherlock returns. She approaches and gives me a quick kiss, then turns over to Sherlock who kisses her on the cheek. Sometimes I can’t believe these two.
“Is everything alright, John?” a deep voice asks.
“Sorry?”
“Nice to meet you,” Mike’s friend says while stretching out his right hand. Something holds Sherlock back from taking it, so he places the phone into the offered hand, instead. Dr. Watson clears his throat, his other hand briefly clenches into a fist, and retrieves the phone back into his pocket.
When he turns to Sherlock, he can see that he’s not looking at the sky; he’s staring at him. Their eyes meet and for a moment John forgets the fireworks completely. Sherlock is the first to look away.
“Yeah, I actually meant to go to bed. Wow, you did an amazing job, guys! The nursery looks so good. John, did you buy the mobile? I like it.”
“You invented it?”
“Yeah, sure.” John isn’t sure why he feels relieved. He retrieves the chair from the corner of the room and sits down next to Sherlock’s bed. He figures he might stay until Sherlock has finished the soup, and then leave when he wants to go back to sleep. He won’t even be gone for more than two hours, at maximum. Surely Mary won’t mind.
“That’s okay,” she says. She doesn’t sound too angry, I think hopefully. I hang up.
“Three.”
I open my eyes and find myself half spread out on top of Sherlock. He seems to just be waking up as well. He opens his eyes and for a second I lose myself in them. There’s another knock on the door, so I hurriedly jump out of bed to gather up my clothes. Sherlock does the same, and we get dressed in split seconds. I ruffle my hands through my hair to remove the ‘I just had sex’ messiness and open the door swiftly.
“Okay,” Sherlock pauses. “Thank you, Mycroft,” he adds before hanging up.
Sherlock blinks a couple of times. What is this woman talking about? Whenever John’s with him, he has shown nothing but content and happiness. Maybe that’s exactly the point.
“Sherlock, you’re here,” John said and cleared his throat. He seemed nervous and… thrilled?
Sherlock opens his mouth, then closes it again. Out of all the things he would’ve expected her to say, this definitely wasn’t one of them.
Sherlock awakes early the next morning with a back pain he hasn’t felt in years. He rolls his neck around to ease the tension and wishes he could cure John’s amnesia just as easily. There’s no light in the bathroom, so John’s probably still asleep. Sherlock decides to prepare tea and a small breakfast. When John finally emerges from their room, the tea is cold and the toast is dry.
“That’s a good idea. I’m sorry you’ll have to… you know.” John looked down at the table, feeling his face turn red.
“Your methods?”
echoes in the back of Sherlock’s mind.
“Er, so... by ‘we’, you mean me and...?” John asks. What a weird question. Obviously Sherlock means John and himself. He knows they’re married, so why doesn’t he assume they’re living together? It only clicks after a couple of seconds, but Sherlock feels like his heart is being ripped out of his chest.
“Do you need me or not?” Mr. Holmes replies, sharing a look with the DI that tells John that they both know the answer already.
“The rings.”
“I guess…”
They arrive after a two hour train ride in Sussex. Dr. Thorneycroft Huxtable (
He took Sherlock’s hand into his own and carefully nodded their fingers together. Sherlock’s hand was a lot warmer than Rosie’s and his lean fingers fit perfectly into John’s.
So he does have feelings for the bloody woman. And he thought she felt the same, but four weeks ago he found out that she was gay. That’s why he’s heart-broken. I feel a strange mixture of sadness for him, anger for her, and a small pinch of something else for the confirmation. I resign from telling him that feelings are probably the only thing in the world you can’t calculate. Sherlock is still looking at me. For a moment, I allow myself to stare back into his green eyes and try to convey something with mine.
“How exactly was I supposed to tell you sooner?”
“That’s...” John starts, but he stares at Sherlock’s lips while doing so. He doesn’t say anything after that, instead slowly tilts his head forward.
“Daddy, can we get some ice-cream?” Rosie asked, jumping up and down in the kitchen. They had just finished playing Monopoly with a spectacular loss on John’s part. Sherlock had been in second place. For some reason, Rosie always seemed to win against him.
Sherlock reacts quickly. “Yes, of course. I’ll turn off the lights this time.”
“So, what do you want to do on this big night?” John asked. He sat down and started counting on his fingers. “Watch crap telly, visit Mrs. Hudson, play Cluedo, phone prank your brother or ask Molly to bring over some body parts for us to analyse?”
“No.”
“We always end up together on Thursdays?”
And just like that, the moment Sherlock desperately longed for, feared with all his heart and was sure would never occur, has arrived. He stays in the courtyard with his phone in hand, and for a moment he sees himself in a different courtyard with John; a moment he has replayed a million times in his mind already, but instead of the usual pain he feels something a lot more dangerous blossoming inside of him.
John decides that he’s heard enough and practically storms into the room. Irene backs off of Sherlock immediately, who stares up at John in surprise, but doesn’t seem embarrassed in the slightest. There’s no reason to be, John reminds himself. Sherlock Holmes can flirt with whomever he wants to; it’s not like John had any claim on him as his person.
“Did you help him off a murder charge?”
Sherlock awakes from his rigidity. “Yes, yes, absolutely. Please follow me.”
The look on Mary’s face will haunt him for the rest of his life. It’s a mixture of disappointment, sadness, shock, despair and, above all, hatred.
A moment of perfection that John doesn’t remember.
He enters the empty kitchen and calls for Sherlock, supposing he might be taking a shower, but the bathroom is empty. He knocks on his bedroom door and enters quietly when there’s no answer, but there’s no sign of a sleeping Sherlock either. Hectically, he runs upstairs to Sherlock’s spare bedroom (which he uses for his experiments), but it’s empty as well. He jogs down the stairs and finally, lastly, checks the living room. He feels his heart clench unwillingly at Sherlock’s absence.
“So what do we do?”
“I dunno… I couldn’t sleep. Do you want some tea?”
“He’s also married.”
“Sherlock? Can we talk now?”
John looks back up at Sherlock, who’s watching him with flushed cheeks. Suddenly, John feels the need to crawl back up and set something straight.
“Sherlock? Everything alright?”
Fair enough, John thinks. In contrast to Sherlock, however, he knows what a confrontation can do to patients with chronic post-traumatic stress syndrome, so he tries to reassure Henry with the constancy of their presence and protection. Unfortunately, there really seems to be no other option if they want to find whatever’s been causing Henry’s distress for all those years.
“John, as you apparently don’t remember anything from the last few years, I want to give you some details about your life, until you remember everything on your own.” He takes a deep breath.
They get ready and leave the hotel room. Breakfast is served at the terrace of the inn. Sherlock watches John eat a bagel. He isn’t hungry himself, as usual on cases. When John complains about not being able to eat when being stared at, Sherlock eyes his surroundings instead.  The inn apparently belongs to a farm, as there is a stable and a barn on the property next to the main building. There are horses grassing on the meadow and the view is what some people with more romantic tendencies than Sherlock might call picturesque.
Sherlock smiles up at his gift. “I’ve always liked bees.”
Their eyes glued together, Sherlock starts to smile that distinct way that John is sure he’s the only person on earth who has ever been fortunate enough to witness, and he cannot believe how lucky he is.
“Oh, really…” I clear my throat. “I’m sorry,” I say, slightly embarrassed. “It’s just I never thought in my wildest dreams that I’d ever talk to you again,” I add, trying to overplay my embarrassment.
“Am I not allowed to have some time off?”
“Look, I wish I could love you as much as you love me, I really do. But for me this is all completely new. I’ve never been with a man, nor have I ever met someone like you. If we could just start over as friends and see how it turns out, I’d have more time and then maybe we could...” He doesn’t finish the sentence.
The innkeeper, a tall man with a notorious lack of sleep called Reuben Hayes, welcomes them in Sussex and offers them a key. John takes it and just as Sherlock is about to ask for his own, Mr. Hayes wishes them a good night.
John forces a laugh, clearly uncomfortable with the situation. Sherlock can practically hear his mind swirling. “Could you put something on, please? Er, anything at all. A napkin.”
“I would never force my husband into anything! I love him!” Sherlock’s anger intensifies. This is ridiculous. He doesn’t need some stupid doctor to tell him how to treat John. What does he know about their relationship or their marriage, anyway?
Reluctantly, John gets up from the kitchen table. Ignoring the fact that he doesn’t want to leave, he picks up his coat from the mantelpiece before turning around once more. “I would love to know what you find out at
When Sherlock finally put together the pieces of the case, he didn’t call John as he normally would, but instead decided to shadow Miller on his own. It’s not like John wouldn’t have been helpful, but Sherlock didn’t want him to get involved in what could be a very dangerous, possibly life-threatening situation. They have dealt with psychopaths before, with serial killers who turned Sherlock’s stomach thinking about them, but Miller seems to be the most dangerous one yet, mainly because of his unpredictability.
“Er, the Queen is probably still alive, although my last update on that is six years ago...”
Whilst Sherlock and John solved Mr. Knight’s cause of death twenty years too late, his son Henry disappeared into the Hollow after attacking his therapist Dr. Mortimer. When they arrived at the moor alongside with Greg, John and Sherlock found Henry on the verge of committing suicide. They were only able to stop him by giving him a long overdue explanation; and by killing the dog which was the object of their drugged imaginations. Once Bob Franklyn arrived wearing a mask, Sherlock came to the conclusion that the Hollow was a chemical mine field feeding their minds with the drug, allowing Bob to keep drugging Henry with the hallucinogen whenever he returned to the crime scene of his father’s murder. Reaching that conclusion, however, wasn’t the end to the case. Bob and Henry ran off into the night, one chasing a murderer, the other running from arrest. Storming after them, John quickly realized the direction Bob was headed – the mine field close to the moor. They weren’t fast enough to stop him from trapping onto a mine, nor from stopping him to lift his foot.
“I know. But there’s one thing I want you to remember, dear. A bond between souls is ancient, older than the planet. It dissolves the difference between the person we want to be with and the person we are meant to be with and unites them in one.” Mrs. Hudson looks at him expectantly.
“That was ridiculous!” John laughs. They have entered their hotel room, both a bit out of breath and giggling, and it reminds Sherlock a lot of their very first case together. John had just helped Sherlock look at the meeting by serving as a stepladder, as the cyclist had not gone into the kitchen but into the cleaning chamber on the first floor, instead.  After Sherlock had made some interesting deductions about the case, with John panting beneath him, he quickly ducked himself out of the way when the cyclist looked over to the window. John couldn’t keep his balance and Sherlock practically fell on top of him. After a moment of John gazing up at him and Sherlock blinking hastily, they heard a noise from the first floor, quickly stood up and ran away.
He blinks one last time before losing consciousness.
Sherlock exchanged a look with John, apparently trying to tell him something telepathically, but John couldn’t figure it out.
“Sherlock, please.” The tall man turns around, looking down at him from his position three steps higher.
“Yes, of course, John. Yes. You know that you’re the only person I’ve ever loved, and you will be until the end of my days.” He reached up to John and pulled him close with his hand on John’s coat collar and the other on his back. Sherlock kissed John like they weren’t on a swing in a park in the rain; like they were the only two people in the world.
They continue their conversation about Sherlock’s profession, but shift to John’s after a while. He tells him about his army days and his work at the clinic. He also briefly mentions his wife, Mary, whom he met at the clinic a couple of years ago. Sherlock finds it harder and harder to focus on 22 Northumberland Street, since the man next to him appears to be so much more interesting. Once John’s pasta has arrived, he asks Sherlock about his (non-existent) romantic life.
Sherlock turns his attention to the petri dishes stacked in the kitchen – he should probably clean the room soon – and starts examining the liquids on potential coli bacteria.
I decided yesterday to finally visit Mrs. Hudson today. She has been calling and leaving a ton of messages after I packed my bags and left Baker Street, but I couldn’t bring myself to respond. Gradually after time, the calls got less and less frequent until her last message at Christmas. I hardly remember what she said, because I deleted the message immediately afterwards. I might have been a bit drunk, too. I never really liked the holidays anyway.
Once the darkness has finally reached Dartmoor, the three of them make their way to Dewer’s Hollow, the place where the client’s nightmare began. Equipped with a handful of flashlights, John feels secure next to his tall companions. It’s not like he believes in the gigantic hound story, but he wouldn’t exactly enjoy being out here on his own either.
“Help her up, she wants you,” I reply, trying to sound encouraging.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I never guess,” Sherlock says. He covers his mouth with the palm of his hand to hide his grin.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, and begins. He tells John everything, from their meeting back in 2010, the next one and a half years of wild chases through London, his faked suicide, his return in 2013 and how he found John engaged to Mary. John only interrupts him with short questions occasionally, but his expressions change back and forth from wonder to amazement to disbelief to sadness to curiousness. Sherlock also tells John about his and Mary’s wedding and how he found out Mary was pregnant, even though the memories never fail to hurt him. He tells John about Mary’s past vaguely, and when he explains that Mary shot him John’s expression turns into horror.
“Oh, I wouldn’t bet on it, but you needn’t worry. I’ll keep him away from you.”
John arches an eyebrow. “Are you sure?”
“It’s just, the woman at the park seemed to think that…and I don’t want people to get the wrong impression when Rosie calls me Papa.”
“I’m flattered,” she continues.
Sherlock looks startled. He takes a sip from his drink while scanning me the entire time. He seems to be really thinking about his answer.
“John?” she murmurs.
“What did you do, John? Spit it out.”
“I’m sorry if it’s not enough but it’s everything I have.”
did a wonderful job not only betaing this fic but also helping me with the sex scene. As you might have noticed, I'm not a native speaker and was very insecure about this part, so her help was greatly appreciated.
“How are you feeling?”
“What is it you want to talk about?”
On the roof of the building, they are rewarded with an astonishing view. The air is crispy cold so John tucks his hands into his coat pockets. He feels Sherlock’s presence right behind him.
After our order Angelo comes back to light up a candle for the table. This time I don’t protest. While I’m still trying to figure out the reason Sherlock brought me here, our food arrives and I realise how hungry I’ve been. I decide to let my thoughts rest for a moment and focus on the dinner instead. Sherlock and I chat about Mrs. Hudson’s latest acquaintance and about my work at the clinic. He explains details of the case Greg offered us today and I tell him that he finally left his wife after Sherlock’s revelation at Christmas. The time passes quickly and we’re really enjoying ourselves. It hasn’t occurred often lately that Sherlock seemed as light-hearted as today and I can’t help but feel warmth spread in my chest. Maybe he isn’t so focused on Irene after all. At one point, I have to giggle at one of Sherlock’s remarks and the thought suddenly hits me that there’s no place I’d rather be right now.
“Sure, Rosie, we can go home.”
They’re still leaning against the wall, both panting and giggling and enjoying each other’s company, when John’s phone buzzes. He fishes it out of his trousers, and quickly scans Mary’s text asking him when he’ll be home.
“There you go, honey.”
cheat –“
Watching Sherlock play with Rosie I feel a familiar stab of guilt. One of the worst things about Mary’s death is that I can’t even wish she hadn’t jumped in front of the bullet. If she hadn’t, Sherlock would’ve died. Mary probably saved his life because she knew that I couldn’t lose him again. She met me when I was grieving Sherlock and, even though the worst part had already been over, I was still a wreck. She put me back together, gave me a reason to enjoy my life without Sherlock. Nevertheless, she must’ve thought that I couldn’t go through that again, and instinctively took the bullet for him. Why else would a mother and wife save the life of someone who was far from having any of that?
“I suppose that’s good, considering your tendency to get sunburns so easily. But I’m afraid we don’t have much time to catch up. Your call is actually a tremendous coincidence…” His brother makes an expectant pause. “… seeing as your help is required elsewhere.”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock interrupted. “We needn’t talk about it.”
“What happened? Didn’t she enjoy the balloons and the candles?”
“No, John. It’s not like I’m going to have any kids of my own, so this is as close to my family as it gets,” he replies and all of a sudden his eyes widen. I don’t think he realised what he said until he said it. I feel something swell up in my chest. Sherlock thinks that my baby is a part of his family, even though the woman carrying it nearly killed him. God, life can be so cruel sometimes. I have to remind myself why I forgave Mary. I love her, I really do, but if I’m being completely honest shooting my best friend made loving her a bit difficult. Sherlock told me that she saved his life, and in a twisted way I think he could be right. Although he clearly has dubious moral standards. Mary actually risked killing my best friend, the other person I love most in the world, just to keep her secret from me. I don’t know whether I can ever truly forgive her for it. I swallow hard.
“No, it’s fine.”
“But I thought –“
After they had left the flat, John sat down on the couch, intending to watch some crap telly to distract himself. He picked up the remote but, instead of pressing the button, stared at the silver ring on his finger. He moved back up from the couch and headed upstairs. The sight of it was too painful, constantly reminding him of what he knew he could never have. He just hoped Rosie wouldn’t notice. There were only a couple of days left of this wish-marriage, anyway.
Sherlock gets out of their hiding place, hearing John follow him. He walks straight up to the bike and begins to examine the tyres. “I knew it!” He claims to no one in particular.
“Okay. Yes. You’re right. I’ll see you around, then.”
“I don’t know… but I think I should go and check whether everything’s okay. I’m sorry.”
“Sherlock, dear, do you want to talk about it?” Mrs. Hudson asks, bringing him back to the present.
“We already agreed that it was a one-time thing, though,” he adds quickly.
“We should wait for him, then, Darling,” Sherlock said, wondering. It was quite unusual for John to visit Mrs Hudson at such late hour. He was probably just avoiding Sherlock.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221b Baker Street.” He winks at me, which gives me a strange feeling in the stomach. “Afternoon,” he adds, nods towards Mike and leaves.
“Yes, yes, yes, YES! That’s good, that could be brilliant!” Sherlock interrupts. “It’s not an underground network, John. It’s an UNDERGROUND network.”
“That was…”
“Anyway, I know I had promised her to visit over Christmas, but I can’t leave you alone now, can I? She should understand that, don’t you think so, dear?”
In the cab back home, John turns at Sherlock and raises an eyebrow.
“I know that this situation is... unusual. I’m here because of John.”
Sherlock and John don’t talk about their fight the next day. Or the day after that. They don’t kiss anymore, either. They both try to ignore the tension between them and avoid sitting on the sofa at the same time. Days turn into weeks and Sherlock doesn’t remember the last time their relationship has been this distanced. He doesn’t know what to do; John is usually the one who knows what to do, except he can’t ask him for help now. They still go through their routine of visiting places, watching photos and visiting acquaintances, only now it seems like they’re not making any progress, at all. In the evenings, the silence stretches between them and Sherlock focuses his attention to solving cold cases from the 19th century. John, on the other hand, keeps spending more and more time on his phone, and tries to turn the screen away from Sherlock suspiciously often.
“Yeah, thank you,” I reply instead.
She still hasn’t stopped giggling. “What’s wrong?” I ask. The way she laughs seems suspicious.
For the second time, he ignores my question. “I’ve got my eyes on a nice little place in central London, together we ought to be able to afford it. We’ll meet there tomorrow evening, 7 o’clock. Sorry, I’ve got to dash, I think I left my riding crop in the mortuary,” he replies while passing me and heading towards the door, as if it was the most natural thing to say. What does he need a riding crop in a mortuary for?! Maybe this was a bad idea after all.
Sherlock finally takes his eyes off of me, stares at the mug for a second and licks his lips. “Surprisingly okay.”
Reluctantly, he pulls away. John slowly opens his eyes and gives Sherlock a questioning look, which is still so full of desire that Sherlock hates himself for breaking apart. But he needs to tell John the truth now, or else he feels like betraying John.
“Yes?”
To John’s utter astonishment, though, Sherlock had seemed not only accepting but flat on moved by it, and had accepted it without a second’s thought.
“Oh, Mike told you about me?”
“Let me get back to my husband!” Sherlock snarls. “This is unacceptable!”
Sherlock only gives him a look, one John must know well enough.
“He’s one of the men on our list,” Greg replies, fishing for a piece of paper in his coat pocket. He hands it to John. “If any of these people behave suspiciously, we need to react immediately.”
And just like that, the moment Sherlock desperately longed for, feared with all his heart and was sure would never occur, has arrived. He stays in the courtyard with his phone in hand, and for a moment he sees himself in a different courtyard with John; a moment he has replayed a million times in his mind already, but instead of the usual pain he feels something a lot more dangerous blossoming inside of him.
“Oh, it was very nice. Although I didn’t get to see as much sunlight as one might expect,” Sherlock replies. The two of them have always been like this, using sarcasm to overplay awkwardness.
“Let’s just contain our excitement when we talk to the relatives, okay?”
“Yeah.”
“Where are we going, then?”
“I know, I know. It won’t become a habit, I promise,” I chuckle.
We’re not a couple!
“And when I say ‘had’, I’m being indelicate,” she purrs.
I haven’t seen her in ages. She looks fine, actually. I didn’t really know what I was expecting, but definitely not this. She’s wearing a trenchcoat that matches her hair colour and her smile comes up all the way to her brown eyes.
“Lie.”
“Where’s the carriage?” John pants. He comes to a halt next to Sherlock, standing way to close and certainly not close enough.
“Sure. Thanks, Mrs. H. I’ll take her. And thank you for taking care of her.”
“My pleasure. It was a nice evening, wasn’t it?” Sherlock says after a long pause.
“That’s lovely. I’m happy for you.”
After too many (or not enough) seconds, it’s over. Realisation hits John earlier than Sherlock, who’s still staring at him with rapidly blinking eyes. John pulls his hand away from Sherlock’s and kneels down to pick up his phone.
“I’ve still got questions for you,” Lestrade shouts after him.
Sherlock hears a rushing in his ears, and his fingers feel numb where John stopped touching them. If he doesn’t remember this, one of the most perfect moments of their lives, how will he ever remember anything else?
“Yes, John, I have. Now can we please let it rest?”
“That’s Lord Moran, Minister for Overseas Development,” he explains.
John has never been much interested in classic music. He was astonished by Sherlock’s knowledge of all the major European composers of the last three hundred centuries, but it’s not like he could name more than a handful of them himself. He only heard Sherlock play a complete piece once before, on Mrs. Hudson’s birthday. All the other times when he found Sherlock with his violin he was only playing a couple of notes or lightly tucking the strings whilst being deep in thought. Now Sherlock is playing complete songs – or is it one very long piece? – from a probably famous composer who John doesn’t recognise. It’s the most fascinating melody John has ever heard. He’s sure his enjoyment doesn’t solely come from the composer’s abilities but from Sherlock’s brilliance. In another life, he could’ve definitely been an orchestra musician.
“Yeah, ‘course you are. ‘Course, you’re my best friend.” I smile at him. He should know that and never doubt it again. Sherlock slowly picks up the mug without looking away and takes a sip from the tea.
They really try, but you can tell that something has shifted in their relationship. Back at the wedding, I couldn’t believe how lucky I was that my best friend and my wife liked each other, especially considering that the amount of people my best friend likes can be counted on one hand. Sherlock really liked Mary, they got along great. And then, not even two months later, she shot him, and I thought I would never forgive her. I didn’t even talk to her until Christmas, when the evidence of our marriage was already visible underneath her sweater. Sherlock was the one who eventually convinced me to forgive her. He had already forgiven her a week after it happened. Sometimes I wonder how he did it. Maybe this whole divorcing yourself from feelings can come in handy at times.
“Sherlock, there’s something I have to tell you. Could you come closer, please?”
“Thanks. I’ll be home soon. Love you,” John says before hanging up. Returning his attention to Sherlock, he notices a peculiar expression on his face.
Sherlock gently picks Rosie up from the ground and rocks her in his arms. She calms down and eventually stops crying, but keeps weeping a little.
Sherlock’s face brightens. “Of course. You can stay as long as you like. I will always want you here with me.”
Sherlock and John had decided to imprint Rosie’s feet and hands onto the only white wall at 221B – the wall left to the living room door. At the moment, John’s hands were coloured green while Rosie was lying on the ground next to Sherlock, trying to decide which tube Sherlock should open next. For some reason, there was a spot of pink in her blonde hair and Sherlock had a mixture of blue and red all over his arms and fingers.
“The boy is in no danger anymore, believe me. I also need to collect one last piece of evidence. Tomorrow. It’s too late now.”
After Mr. Saltire had told them about his son, Thomas, who had disappeared with his German teacher Mr. Heidegger and his bicycle after school, Sherlock talked to an incompetent police officer
“Rosie, come here!” Sherlock smiles at our daughter who immediately wants to be in his arms instead. I let her down and prepare her favourite mash. Sherlock takes Rosie to the living room and starts jumping her up and down on the floor. The two of them seem to enjoy the bumping sound, and Rosie keeps screaming “Higher, higher!”.
“Hey!” Rosie interrupted. “I wasn’t finished with my question!”
“Terrorists can get into all sorts of problems unless there’s an Off switch,” Sherlock explains. He looks up at John, and suddenly realises that they are
Sherlock remains silent. He drinks from his cup and watches it curiously. It reminds me about when I asked him to be my best man, one year ago today.
“Evening, John. I think you’ve set up a new record tonight.”
“Time to turn around, John. NOW.”
I walk down the street to see the building, and the memories hit me painfully. I have to stop walking, my sight being blurred out by visions of the past.
John laughed. “Still,” he started, but forgot whatever he had meant to say next. Sherlock’s eyes were locked on his, the blue-green colour piercing right into John’s soul.
“What are you waiting for?”
“Well, she seemed a bit superstitious – claimed it was partly her fault her husband died because she’d dropped a mirror or something. Otherwise she’s a pretty ordinary woman,” Lestrade replies.
John slowly turns the key in the front door, his hand trembling the way Sherlock’s did only three days ago. It seems like an eternity has passed since then. He inhales another deep breath and enters his house. The hallway is quiet at first, but he knows Mary’s at home. He already texted her from the train saying that he’ll be back soon and that they’d need to talk. John places his luggage next to his shoes before taking off his coat. He finally hears someone rummaging around in the kitchen, so he fights the impulse to turn around and run away from the ruins of his marriage, and steps into the sitting area, instead.
face, the way he tilted his hands underneath his chin while thinking, the creases on his forehead when he examined a body, the way he curled his lips when he was about to show off, how he played the violin with closed eyes or the way he slid his fingers through his curls when he was bored. I won’t let it happen. Even though I know that I can’t live in the past, I want to preserve Sherlock’s legacy. He would probably kill me for the thought, but he was a good man. He would’ve never admitted it, but deep down I know he turned out to be a consulting detective rather than a criminal for the right reasons. Maybe it’s time to share my image, the true image, of Sherlock Holmes.
“You remember that four days ago I met this man called Sherlock Holmes, right? The one from Bart’s who took me along to a crime scene?”
“That’s your plan?” John intervenes.
“Can’t you just, I don’t know, use a hacking programme or something?” I suggest.
He finishes his coffee as quickly as possible and storms out of the restaurant, desperate to get some air. Should he buy a pack of cigarettes? There’s no one here to stop him. He briefly considers getting hold of a bit of cocaine, but the memory of the look on his face when finding out about Sherlock’s past with recreational drugs stops him.
“John, please. Stay.”
Sherlock sighs loudly.
“I can shout however bloody much I want to,” I yell. “Has it never occurred to you, that I –” I stop myself before I say something I’m gonna regret.
In retrospect, I should’ve known that this was bound to happen. She refused to call him Sherlock because he’s like a father to her. I briefly wonder where she picked up the expression. She’s always called me daddy. Sherlock takes her back to the bench and I follow them. I haven’t really seen his face, and desperately hope that he won’t freak out.
Greg looked from the two of them to John. “You’ve raised a polite lass, John.”
“Thank you, John. That’s a good idea.” He looks up at John who seems genuinely pleased with himself.
“Yes, love,” John replied, smiling briefly. He looked at Sherlock, who squeezed his hand lightly. “But only for one month,” he added quickly.
I close my eyes, and smile.
Sherlock can’t help but be surprised. “You really think so?”
John sees the carriage before Sherlock does. He touches Sherlock’s arm lightly to inform him, and they start running towards it simultaneously.
“We need to leave, now.”
Later that night, I lay in bed next to Sherlock, who is already asleep and curled around me. Who would’ve thought seven years ago that that’s what we’d be doing today? Thinking back on the journey that brought us here, I realise that, even though we were stupid at times, I wouldn’t miss it for the world. What Sherlock and I have been through is what shaped us and, ultimately, what brought us together. Would my life have been easier, had Sherlock not jumped and faked his death? Certainly. But I probably wouldn’t have my beautiful daughter right now. Now, on the anniversary of meeting Sherlock exactly seven years ago, we’re finally in the right place, and I’m the happiest I’ve been in a long time.
“What?”
“Good morning,” John said. Just because Sherlock had decided to be rude to him all of a sudden didn’t mean he had to act like a prat, as well.
“It’s fine, John.”
“Okay.”
Sherlock can feel the left side of the bed dipping when John lies down. He tugs on the bed sheet and suddenly stops. “Do we only have one blanket?” He has started to whisper, Sherlock notices.
“Strawberry and chocolate,” Rosie replied.
“It would seem so.”
“Do you like to point out the obvious?”
“Rosie? Sherlock?”
I woke up this morning gasping for air, panting. I don’t wake up every day, sometimes just lying in bed the whole night and waiting for the next day to arrive. I’m not particularly bothered by that, because I know what awaits me when I do fall asleep. Like last night. I dreamed about Afghanistan again, and woke up terrified and drenched in sweat. It’s not how it really used to be over there, in my dreams. Back then, I think I felt more alive in the face of death than ever. It’s hard to explain if you haven’t experienced it. The dreams are different, however. In the dream, I only ever feel pain. Afterwards, I just sat on the bed in this stupid room that is now mine. Will it ever feel like home? I don’t think so. I tried to write something on the blog that my therapist had advised me to make. What a bad idea that was. I just sat there and stared at the screen, probably looking like a bloody lunatic. It’s not like I’ve got anything else to do, so I try to follow her advice, but it’s not helping at all. Why do people even think there’s something that could help me? I don’t need help. I just need…something.
“Is this the thing you mentioned to bring over for an experiment?”
I suddenly hear his voice as clearly as if he was standing right next to me. I try to stop myself from grinning at the memory and fail.
Suddenly I realise that I’m still holding his hand, and release it immediately. Sherlock briefly stares at me before rushing towards the street, leaving me in the dark.
Nothing
“Don’t be ridiculous, I can help you.”
John leans in closer to Sherlock to look at the wound. The unmistakeable scent of John fills the air around Sherlock and makes the lonely forest feel like home.
“I sort of accidentally confessed my feelings to you when we were fighting, and that’s when we figured out our feelings were requited. It was January the third, 2017, 04:35 pm. You were wearing your grey Christmas jumper that day and you looked utterly ridiculous,” he adds, trying to ease the tension in the room.
And then she leaves. John stays, because he went to some extraordinary length to get this reservation, and he wants to try this bloody steak that everyone’s been recommending to him. Only, he doesn’t want to sit by himself in a restaurant on Valentine’s Day. He retrieves his phone from his pocket and texts the one person who’s responsible for his sudden solitude.
Mary takes a sip from her cup before continuing.
Sherlock’s right hand moves away from John’s face slowly, stroking his chest and circling his nipples before gliding down in between their joined bodies. He places his long fingers around their erections, which grips them even closer together, and starts moving his hand in perfect rhythm. John moans, already on the verge of exploding. He barely manages to last a couple of strokes, before –
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” he asks.
'The ties that bind us are sometimes impossible to explain. They connect us even after it seems like the ties should be broken. Some bonds defy distance and time and logic; because some ties are simply meant to be.' (Meredith Grey)
“Detached it where? Greg said there was nothing between those stations.”
“We have to leave now, Mr. Simon. I’ll call you when we’ve found your wife.”
When the train arrives in Dartmoor, John isn’t sure whether he did anything else. They rent a car in a shop near-by, which Sherlock has to drive due to John’s inability. He never needed a driving license in the army and never felt the urge to get it afterwards. Who needs a car in the cab-filled city anyway? John didn’t even know Sherlock could drive. He wonders whether his friend went to one of the posh driving schools of the suburbs that cost a fortune in his teens.
For John, none of that mattered. He was glad to be away from London for a while, enjoying the thrill of danger and the knowledge of doing life-saving work in Afghanistan. He had a string of meaningless lovers during high school as well as during his time at Bart’s, but he never longed to find his soulmate in the ocean of lost souls in the world. For some reason John always despised the idea that some higher power should dictate whom he’s supposed to love. That is, until he got shot and forced to return home.
“I’d rather text.”
“What?”
Without another word he turned around and left the room with long strides.
“Thanks.”
Sherlock feels tears running down his face, but he doesn’t care. “I don’t know how to do this. How do you look at the man you love and tell him it’s time to walk away?” His voice is shaking now, and John takes a step closer.
“You’re actually going to bed?”
“There now, we’re
Sherlock is standing in the middle of the room, looking utterly lost after John’s words. “Yes.”
“I need one final piece of evidence, John. I expect to find it here.”
“Hi John! How are you? Didn’t expect to see you,” she says.
“Sherlock, you can be honest with me. Are you… do you have feelings for her?”
After a shortened version of the last decade is packed into three hours of talking, John decides that he wants to get some sleep. He wasn’t very eager to find out the details of his proposal or their wedding, so Sherlock decides to leave that for another time. Maybe it’s best to tell him all about that while they’re at the places the events happened, so that John can remember more easily. After showing John the rest of the flat he follows him into the bathroom where they brush their teeth in silence. John is understandably not hungry and Sherlock couldn’t care less about his transport at the moment. Once ready for bed, they emerge from the bathroom and Sherlock holds the bedroom door open for John. When he follows him, his husband is standing in the middle of the room looking utterly lost. He looks at the bed with the two pillows, two bed sheets, two night stands and the other obvious signs of it being occupied by a couple.
I clear my throat. “No, not really. Anything from your side? How’s Linda?”
I leave towards the kitchen and turn the kettle on. Sometimes it feels like nothing has changed, when in reality everything has. It’s hard to pinpoint the exact moment it started, considering everything we’ve been through. As every morning, I see the picture of Rosie, Sherlock and me on the kitchen wall. Mrs. Hudson took it last Christmas when she found out that there was no picture of the three of us. Sherlock obviously hated the idea but agreed nonetheless. The picture turned out quite nicely. Rosie is sitting in my lap and Sherlock is bending down from the side, touching her little arm with his huge hand. We took several photos, some where we all smile into the camera, some where Rosie prefers to look at Sherlock’s hand. In the end, I wanted to frame the picture where Sherlock and Rosie both look at the camera and I look at their joined hands. My little family.
“Alright. Goodnight then.”
“Okay.”
“Molly, wow. I’m fine, thank you. How are you? I haven’t really seen you, since…”
John’s expression is honest and deep. “I understand that.”
John could have sworn to see Sherlock’s face brighten up, but he might be mistaken. It’s not like he was a huge help on today’s case, for that matter, but Sherlock seems to be looking forward to his company nonetheless.
“You can do anything from showing him pictures to bringing him to his usual environment and to places you frequented that should have a special meaning to him. But you shouldn’t push him. If you force him into doing something or if you give him the impression that the amnesia is his fault, it’ll only make it worse for the both of you.”
Before I lay down to hopefully get some sleep, I think about my blog. Ella’s not gonna like the fact that it’s still empty. I didn’t really have anything to write about before, but now I do, so I go back to my desk and start writing. Before pressing publish, I hope with slight embarrassment that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t decide to do the same thing and look me up on the internet tonight, because then he’ll most likely find this blog. On the other hand, he already knows more about me than most people and probably doesn’t need the internet for that.
I realise this first chapter is basically a summary of the first part of 1x01, so apologies for that!
“Mr. Watson, I’m afraid we can’t give you any news on your husband’s physical state. All we can do is wait until – “
“Well, it makes sense, I guess.” Mary shrugs. At least I’m not the only one in this house who hasn’t got a clue. I think back to what Sherlock said when we first found out about the baby.
“Where are we going?” I ask.
“Yeah, I needed an excuse for the bag.”
“Er, Sherlock,” he says whilst opening the door, “there’s something I haven’t told you, yet. I kind of… live here now.”
“Tell you what?”
He leans forward in his chair until John can see the brown spot in his right eye. His voice is deep when he continues. “Besides, it’s not like I’ve never done it before.”
“I love you, Sherlock. I love how you drive everyone around you mad but me; I love your violin playing, your shouting at the telly, your obsession with bees; I love how tender you are with the people you care about; I love your honesty and that you don’t change for others. I love everything about you; even the body parts in your fridge and the messiness in your flat; and I spent the last six months praying for you to come back to me so that I could finally tell you.”
John clenches his hand into a fist until his knuckles turn white. “I kissed Sherlock.”
“Oh really? We actually do have something in common, then,” she says and hands me a coffee.
“That’s good.” Sherlock’s voice is deep now.
“He’s also married.”
“I’ll think about the offer,” John replies. “Goodbye, Sherlock”, he adds.
I wonder what he needs my help for. Maybe he has already forgotten his text from before. “Busy?” I ask.
“Not on the maps, but once you eliminate the impossible, the only thing remaining must be the truth.” He stares at John again, when all of a sudden his face lights up. “Sumatra Road. It’s a station that never got built on the surface. They did the platforms, even the staircases, but it got tied up in legal disputes.”
Sherlock pours himself another glass. “Did it work?”
“No. I’m looking for Papa!”
Reluctantly, I pull away. Sherlock immediately leans closer to kiss me again, but I take a tiny step back.
John looked up from the instruction of the foot-and-handprint set he had bought a couple of days ago, still not having found the part that told him how to remove the colour from human bodies effectively.
“You don’t want us to be mistaken for a couple, John.”
“Of course, John.”
Everything goes according to plan – Sherlock is confident he’ll have the photos within half an hour – when a middle-aged, good-looking woman with dark hair and red lips enters, stark naked.
“Oh, okay.” John leans back further into the sofa. His eyes are small from sleep-deprivation and he blinks several times.
After a while, they stumble up the stairs, still unable to keep their hands off each other. John isn’t sure what he’s supposed to expect, because he doesn’t want to rush anything with Sherlock. He’s not even sure whether Sherlock has got any experiences in this area, or whether he’s interested at all, even though there’s clear evidence of his interest below the waist of his jeans.
“Then how am I supposed to –“
“I was about to take a shower,” John explains, wrapping the towel tighter around his waist. His broad shoulders and bare chest make Sherlock forget what he was about to say. It has been too long since he’s last seen, let alone touch, them.
“I’m afraid I can’t help you, Sherlock’s not in the country anymore.”
“Why can’t you let the topic rest?” Sherlock stares at me, his eyes now shining with anger.
Sherlock, wiping a tear from his eye (can he actually cry on command?!) replies, “People don’t like telling you things, but they love to contradict you. Past tense, did you notice? I referred to her husband in the past tense. She joined in – bit premature, they’ve only just found the car.”
“Of course.”
After telling Mary that I’m going to see Sherlock, I head towards Baker Street. I can’t help but feel a bit nervous. It’s ridiculous. I wasn’t really nervous when I asked Mary to marry me, so why I am nervous to ask Sherlock to be my best man is beyond me. He probably already expects it, or at least deduced it from my facial expression when we last saw each other. I enter the flat with my keys. Sherlock never asked me to return them and I never offered to.
he longed to ask.
“It’s fine John,” Sherlock assured him.
from earlier.
“I don’t know,” Sherlock responds honestly. He’s starting to feel that he has no rush to solve the case. Does it really matter if they stay in this hotel a night longer, or two?
Sherlock clears his throat and the moment is gone.
“John? You do know who I am, don’t you?” Even Sherlock can hear the panic in his voice. This can’t be true; it must all be a misunderstanding. John is only confused after waking up from a vegetative state.
It’s a topic Sherlock wouldn’t like to dwell on any further, especially not with a stranger, so he tells John to man the door while giving him a significant look. Plan Amadeus is go. In order to distract Miss Adler from the fact that John is currently setting up a fire in her house, Sherlock tells her about one of his recent cases.
“I’m going to use it to hopefully make the fingerprints visible. It’s an old science trick, works almost every time,” he says while simultaneously placing the phone into the white plastic container and scattering the whole bottle of iodine on top. He then closes the container, places one hand underneath and the other hand on top of it and rubs slightly. “Now we need to wait for a couple of minutes. My hands should warm up the iodine.”
This was not how he intended to say it, but Sherlock hopes that the declaration will make John remember. It doesn’t. Instead, John’s mouth shapes into a silent O, he starts coughing and then raises an eyebrow questioningly, clearly not believing Sherlock anything.
We walk the rest of the way in silence. The case is definitely one of the frustrating ones. I check my phone but Mary hasn’t texted me so far. Before reaching Baker Street, Sherlock suddenly turns to walk into the wrong direction.
“It’s not my triumph! I just needed time to think, okay?! That’s what people do!” I feel myself getting angry again. “I expect you to understand, you
“I want to know, okay. I’m your best friend! This is what friends talk about.”
Sherlock and John sit next to each other on the train. It’s almost empty on a Monday noon. Sherlock looks out of the window and thinks about the case. It wasn’t the best one they’ve had, the solution was in fact quite boring and simple. But he can’t help but think that this case changed something momentous for him. He looks down at his hand lying close to John’s and wants nothing more but to take it. He carefully joins their fingers together and finds John looking up in surprise.
He leaves the house feeling guilty, as usual. Mary wanted them to spend the day together, just the two of them, because they haven’t done that properly in a very long time. He had been looking forward to it, too. But the thing with Sherlock is, you never know what he’s up to. He might be doing a crossword puzzle on the couch and waiting for John to fetch him a pen, or he might be in the middle of a fight with a Chinese undercover ninja.
“We don’t have any plans for tonight, do we?”
He continues his cursing, but John has already turned around to the giant tank. His heart skips a beat.
thought, but you didn’t give
“I was but then I had to start over. The Ikea rubs are all rubbish, but it’s what most people have.” He makes a frustrated sigh and turns his head to look at me.
John laughed and looked up at Sherlock. He was running his hands through his hair, and the silver ring shined bright in contrast to his dark curls. When Sherlock’s eyes met his, he gave him one of his rare bright smiles before glancing at his watch.
“Mr. Simon, this is my friend, Dr. Watson.”
“Sounded like she was torturing an owl.”
“You are damn lucky I didn’t shoot you in the head!”
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” Sherlock can see John opening his eyes.
“Do you know where they have the best coffee? In this new little café in Soho. We should get one together, sometime,” she says with a casual tone, as if offering me to watch my cats on the weekend.
“That’s the second time this has happened today. Do I need to worry?”
“I might have the perfect distraction for you. How good is your German?”
Upstairs, Sherlock is playing the violin. He’s facing the window and is lost in the sound of his instrument. Sometimes I could lose myself in it, too. He’s playing something unrecognisable but incredibly beautiful. When he tilts his head back, his curls fall onto the nape of his neck, and I have to fight the urge to touch them.
John sits up a bit straighter, changing his composure immediately. He looks at Sherlock curiously, apparently thankful for the change of topic.
“John, how do you know that?”
“We already talked to the lad’s wife,” Lestrade explains with his arms crossed, “and she thinks it was his brother Keith. He would inherit their father’s house if his elder brother died. She says that her husband never drank much alcohol, and that he was only drunk because of his friend’s stag night.”
“No, John, of course not,” Sherlock replies. His voice sounds hoarse and even deeper than usual, and only then does John notice the pile of tissues on the floor and the redness around Sherlock’s nose and eyes. A navy-blue dressing gown is covering his otherwise bare chest, and he’s staring up at John with watery eyes.
“I should be back soon, I hope. With the cases you never really know how long it’s gonna take.”
“Oh, that’s not just my doing,” John said and smiled after Rosie and Sherlock. “So, another year gone by?”
“Some day you will.” His landlady smiles at him. “And I hope I will live to see it.”
The leader of the trio, clearly a dim-witted man from the Southern states with a bad temper, demands Sherlock to open the safe. He keeps up a polite charade, but when that doesn’t work, he turns to stronger measures.
. I can still see him clearly, with his dark curly hair and his long coat flying in the wind, making him look like a hero with a cape. No matter what he told me back the night before he… the night we were both arrested, he was a hero. And he always will be.
“I know. It’s unfair that we have uneven premises.”
John comes closer, bending down to look at the switch. “Jesus!”
“Well, that was close,” I say.
