Tony replied.
Steve looked up at where Tony hovered over him and found Tony’s eyes, soft gaze melting over Steve as he stroked Steve’s chest and arms.
“Yes, I know, it’s a reference to--you’re teasing,” Tony said, staring in bewildered surprise.  “You understood it? The reference?”
A hint of warmth crept up his neck and bloomed on his cheeks, making his eyes prickle.  He could feel the weight of Steve’s gaze as it slid back to him, hovering for a moment on the space around him before finally finding Tony’s eyes.
“Yeah,” Steve said.
“In.dust.rial.park,” Rhodey replied.
Tony swallowed and felt his mouth twist.   “Nothing. Just checking in. You know. On your—“ he waved his hand in the air. “Science stuff.”
“Technically, I’m not,” Tony pointed out with a slight smirk.  “Steve?  Hey, it’s me,” Tony said, ignoring the amused looks from Pepper and Rhodey.
“Yeah, lucky,” Tony said, leaning his head against Steve’s chest.  “Med labs’ mice are going to clean up my workstation while I break into Highway to Hell.”
“Of course, Ms. Potts,” Tony said with a nod.   He watched her as she left, then turned back to his workstation once he heard the snick of the door closing behind her. The blue schematics of some now-forgotten project hovered in front him, a scattering of precision welding tools in disarray below the projection.  He pushed the chair back far enough to pull open the long, metal drawer at the base of the desk.  In the back, behind bags of dried blueberries, three months’ worth of Popular Mechanics, and some award he didn’t remember winning, there was a faded, stuffed Marvin the Martian doll just bigger than his hand.
,” Steve gasped out, sputtering the word into a groan.  “Tony, please, I--I want…”
“I’m…” Steve sat up, looking down at himself in amazement.  He was young.  Or, his body was young.  Strong and well-muscled, the way he once had been.  His hair hung down onto his forehead, no longer thin and wispy.  He could hear--everything.  Well, not everything, he amended after a moment.  He could hear movement, furtive and secret, the flapping of wings, and voices, like low, humming echoes from a deep well. His eyes caught everything as if the room was filled with bright sunlight.
“I think…this is a good place to be when you’re maybe a little lost,” Steve replied, the careful expression slipping off his face while he schooled it into something more sure, more how Tony was used to seeing him.   “There should be food in the fridge,” Steve said, dropping his hands and stepping back.  “How about I pack us a lunch while you freshen up?”
I live on comments, I really do.  I am, however, currently without the mental energy to respond, which I truly do not mean in any way that I don't value them.  I just don't have the headspace for it at the moment, so please do not feel slighted if I don't respond. Know that I read every single one (often multiple times) and really do appreciate that you took the time to say something.
“What was this, Tony?” Steve demanded, jaw clenching so hard it was a wonder Tony didn’t hear his teeth grinding.  “Was this just some kind of game to you?”
“Oh my God,” Maria wailed, flipping some switch that took her and Jarvis off pause.  She rushed to kneel on the floor as close to Howard as she could get amidst the broken desk.  “Jarvis, call an ambulance. Ice.  We need ice.  Someone get some ice!  Where’s Obadiah?  Oh my God.”
It was his third foray into the safe when he finally picked up the forgotten radio, stuck in the back corner of the safe under a stack of faded, yellowing newspapers proclaiming victory in Europe.  Remembered fascination was enough to get him to wrap his fingers into the dents with a wonder he’d thought he’d left behind.  There wasn’t a power switch, but he remembered the picture of Cap with the radio and how the antenna had been pulled up, and something that was part memory, part simply understanding how things worked made him tug the clunky metal rod out until it pointed at the basement ceiling.
“Smell like Tony should,” Steve said, shaking his head a bit as a huff of a laugh escaped him.  Tony rolled his eyes.  Catching the gesture, Steve shifted his hips a bit, and the knot brushed across Tony’s prostate, earning a sharp hiss.
He remembered the number, though.
Steve nodded and scooped up the file folders.  They were a strange, pale mint green, with typed-out tabs noting the names and ages of the Omegas whose profiles were inside.  Done specifically for him, he assumed, instead of sent electronically because they apparently still thought the thing he missed most was the feel of paper in his hands.  His mission orders were always typed, printed out on a ream of paper with a line of holes at the edges that you could tear off in one, long pull if you were careful.  He used to do that, until he saw Coulson notice the detritus in the wastebasket one day and give it a long look before smiling his thin, wan smile up at Steve.  He shuffled the folders together and picked up the stack, turning for the door without a backwards glance.
, Tony.”
“I’ve told you that you don’t have to actually click on every, single link PR sends you, you know,” Tony replied, face squinching into a wince when she didn’t answer.  He gave a long look at the equations on the monitor next to him, none of which were cooperating at the moment, then swiveled around on his stool to give Pepper his attention.
“Maybe.
“Me?  I haven’t left the state.  Barely left L.A.  Well, until now, I guess,” Tony replied somewhat more defensively than he’d meant to.  Wasn’t his fault the Stark prison work-release program hadn’t gone international.
“Is the third date still the write-on-your-chest date or…?” Steve asked with a mock frown.
“Running off to Phillips after what happened in Brookland. Those men of Fury’s in the tavern givin’ that girl trouble. Pierce. You keep trying to find a fight you can win because the one time you couldn’t, you lost everything. I get it, Steve. Gods know, I, of all people, understand. I don’t know if I was following you or the other way around, but I do know that it nearly got us killed and for what? Nothing. Nothing, Steve, because we were looking for anything we could fight against more than something to fight for. You said so yourself. And that’s no way to be, but you keep doing it, over and over! You could’ve gone with Tony to Ellis’ keep, but you had to stop Pierce. That stupid shit with Culver? You ran off spoiling for a fight with anyone except the person you needed to have it out with.”
“Unconventional?” Tony huffed bitterly.  “That’s one way to put it.  I mean, I was glad about it, at first, because…well, because.  But then, I thought…maybe with him, maybe it would be okay.  And then, I thought…maybe it would be better than okay.  If he wanted me like that.  Which he doesn’t, so, fine. Whatever.  Let him have what he wants.  I have my ‘bots and my work and…”  Tony stopped, forcing out a rough breath of air that seemed to have to scrape itself out of his lungs.  “He’s gone a lot.  Missions and stuff. Brings me souvenirs, though.  That’s what I get. A--a coffee mug. When he comes home.  A mug. But, he comes home to me.  To me, Jarvis.  He comes home. That’s enough, right?  I mean, that should be enough.  I don’t know why that isn’t enough, Jarvis.”
Wave after wave of pleasure crashed into Tony, so fast he couldn’t recover between crests, just had to ride it out.  He tasted salt, and realized he was sobbing, chest heaving, hands bunched into the sheet so hard his knuckles were white.
“I do not think I will tell him that, either,” Yinsen replied, eyeing where Steve watched the two of them with a furrowed brow.  There was something of an apology in his voice, at least.  Tony supposed that was something.
.  Every, single thing about that was the
A slatted metal gate wrapped around it, encasing the platform.  Next to it were huge, interlocking wheels that turned on a stone base, pushed by a team of twelve men in little more than loincloths and their collars.  Steve stared at them for a long moment, though none of them looked back. They were staring down at their prong on the wheel, waiting for the order to push.  This could have been me, Steve thought then looked over at Tony, who was chatting with the young Lord Rand. He wondered if Tony had even noticed.
“Yeah?” Tony asked softly, brows arching in question.  He planted his elbow on the back of the sofa and leaned his head against his fist, returning Steve’s look.  A soft smile played on his lips, warming his eyes.
“Microsoft Outlook or a mouth full of bees?” Tony asked, rolling his lips together to keep from smiling.
“Can you stand?” Tony asked. Steve nodded. “Good. Come to bed, then.”
“I don’t care about the money,” Steve interjected.  “Okay, I mean, yes, I care about what we agreed to, only because I have…there’s a thing I’ve been saving for, and that’s—that was the goal, yes,” Steve rambled on, noting Tony sort of winced at that, though he didn’t make any comment about the seven grand this time, as he usually did, so that was something.  “But, that’s not what this is about.  If you want me to sign something or whatever, I’ll do it.  All this, I mean, yeah, sure, it’s great.  Not going to lie.  All this stuff…it’s nice. Pretty sure Bucky’s going to clean out the towel rack, by the way. But, your money is probably the least interesting thing about you.  And it’s definitely not required, if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“Well, I’m not Bruce,” Steve said tiredly, running a hand through his hair and almost settling it on top of Tony’s head before he caught himself.  “I’m sure he’d have figured out a lot of things if he were the one here with you.  You two could’ve just done science and gotten out of here, solved global warming and fixed all the plot holes in Interstellar.”
“Do you still want me to write this Abrams person a letter?” Steve asked.
I don’t want to, he thought, feeling a bit sick with the admission. I want them to hurt.  I want them to be afraid.  I don’t want to always be the one who is magnanimous.  Who forgives.
The familiar mixture of arousal and shame bloomed deep inside Steve and snaked its way down his cock at the King’s words, though he only managed to shake his head in acquiescence.
“Everyone got that?  We all on the same page?” Steve asked the rest of the bus, his voice going icy and brittle in a way that didn’t sound like a Steve who Tony knew.  “Good. This is my stop,” he ground out and stood up, shoving past Tony and towards the bus’s middle door.  “Rhodes is three cars behind us, trying to make a Bentley look unobtrusive in Brooklyn.  You can get out here and wait for him,” Steve told him without turning around.  “He’ll get you home.”
Their armor was beautifully wrought.  Metal plate, shaped, tempered and hardened for maximum protection. Curved surfaces that would send most blows glancing off.  Vulnerable just below the curve of the arm, the back of the thigh, the groin, though.  Get them on the ground and a dagger would be enough.   They have not seen war, these men, Steve thought to himself.  They are gallant knights, protecting their King, and what they know of war is read from pages in a centuries-old book that speaks of glory and heroes and does not tell them those things can never truly be found on a battlefield. They come later, in peace, when the war is a memory and you can lie to yourself and your children so that they might one day make war, too.
“Right. Right, exactly. That's what--look, Steve,” Tony began. “Sit. Stay awhile. I'm—I'm asking. Let's...We can talk, right? Like actual adults? It was nice. Yesterday, I mean. I—I thought so, anyway,” Tony said, trying not to wince at how pathetic that sounded.
, I believe, is your Jericho missile front and center, Mr. Stark.  But, I think you already knew that.”
“Hmmm,” Steve murmured, all soft and nonchalant.
Steve’s laughter subsided, hiccupping to an end after a few aborted attempts to stop.  He looked down at Tony, cradled to his chest, riding out the laughter.   A different look, dark and heated, passed over his face.  His hand came up again, this time cupping the back of Tony’s neck with just enough pressure to send a jolt of fiery need from Tony’s stomach down to the head of his cock. The scent of musk and spice and sex hit him, winding its way down and settling deep in his chest.  Alpha scent.  Steve.  Christmas, Tony thought, though he couldn’t place the reason until much later when it would come to him before he drifted off to sleep that night.
him.  Not really.  Saw him, though.  Him and those commandos of his.”
“Yeah, well.  I wasn’t making the best choices after all that.  Nothing seemed to matter other than fixing what Obie had done and trying to--somehow, though I know it’s impossible--trying to make up for why I lived and they didn’t, you know?  Why I got a second chance.  Me, who has lived a life that meant
“Hmmm, yes,” Maria sighed.  “Tony’s always been so independent, though, you know,” she continued with a blithe certainty.  Tony, Steve knew, could remake the world with just his mind and his hands, but he needed people, needed a family and a support system, perhaps more than Steve had ever quite realized.  “The school is quite nice, I must admit.  And very excited to have him, of course.  We had lunch with the President and some of the professors last time we visited.  You should’ve heard them all talk,” she laughed, giving her head a rueful shake.  “It was like being around Howard and all his friends all those years ago, everyone smoking and drinking and talking about how they were going to change the world,” she sighed.  “Tony was polite, at least.  He
After finishing his lunch, he tried to get some more work done on the squirrel missile—no, God, don’t start calling it that, it’ll stick, he mentally admonished himself--over the course of the afternoon, but couldn’t seem to concentrate while dinner with Steve loomed last meal-style.   When he finally gave up for the day, the sun was already hanging low over the mountains, casting a soft, hazy glow over the cabin.
“There’s waffles in the oven.  And some bacon,” Steve told him with a small smile.  He dropped the bottle of water into the recycle bin and headed off down the hall towards the bathroom to go smell all manly and Irish or whatever.  “Save me some coffee, would ya?”
“No, no, everything else is in order. I can have one of our associates take it down to the clerk's office and file it this afternoon, in fact, if that's what you want me to do,” Mitch suggested, voice rising in question. “As I said before, I don't think there was ever any question that the original dissolution was valid, but this would certainly put an end to any issue. Is that what you want me to do, Mr. Stark?”
“A philosopher, too?  How fortunate I am,” Tony teased.  “War is a necessary evil, my soldier, but it
“Say it.  Tell me again,” Tony said softly. His voice was thick, wavering with emotion, making it almost a plea.
Tony let out a breathy moan as he pulled away. His hands came up to cup Steve’s jaw, thumb stroking lightly across Steve’s cheek.  His eyes were dark, round pools, burning with heat and want, and whatever he saw in Steve’s eyes must have been an answer, because he leaned up, finding Steve’s mouth again.   Tony’s beard scraped over Steve’s skin, rough and brittle, but his tongue was soft, smooth, gentle as it glided across the seam of Steve’s lips, seeking entrance. The feel of it, the combination of sensations, was almost overwhelming, sending shockwaves of want cascading through him.
“Yes.  Wait…he looked away—nope, nevermind, he’s checking out the reflection in the glass on the announcement board,” the man said.
Steve reached out a hand and ran it down the smooth canvas, then back up and over the wooden bars of the easel.  Extravagant gifts were Tony’s way of rewarding affection.  Steve knew that much by now, though it made his heart cinch to think of it that way.  He had a treasure’s worth of gems and golden adornments in his room to attest to how Tony’s mind worked, though.  Emotion was a currency for Tony, same as any other, and a debt needed to be repaid.
“That infernal bird of Wilson’s arrived a couple of weeks ago. Just showed up one morning,” Bucky explained.  “I think Stark was worried about you.  Got Wilson to send his familiar.”
The Nightwalker.  The Man of the Mountain. He had many names, though most of the kids in the village called him the Shadowman, and when they whispered their tales, whatever it was, the Shadowman always came out of the darkness, like one of the shadows come to life, and spirited the naughty children away to his lair in the mountains where they were never heard from again. Sometimes, in the stories, the Shadowman could transform himself into some kind of creature of darkness and would fly through the night and snatch you right up, if you were bad. T
“What?” Steve blurted out.  “No, wait. That’s not—that’s not what I meant. I was just surprised.  To hear from you, I mean.  But, don’t—don’t go. I’m glad you called.  Of course, I am.  I’m sorry, I swear I have talked on the phone before.”  Tony chuckled at that and then fell silent, but Steve could almost feel him relaxing.
Steve was panting, shallow little breaths, his heartbeat skittering in Tony’s ear as he lay his head over Steve’s chest, still cradling Steve’s cock with one hand. “You did good, so good for me, Steve,” Tony told him as he looked down, running the fingertips of his other hand lightly up and down Steve’s side in soothing trails. “You’re beautiful.”
It was a strange world where he found himself thankful that his father didn’t give a shit how much discomfort he was in, so long as it helped secure a better Alpha, but small favors, thy name is Howard Stark.  He’d meant what he said in the car. He didn’t want any Alpha other than Steve.  Just the idea of it sort of ground his mind to a halt in front of a big Turn Back Now sign where the mental tracks broke off and there was just a vast chasm of Do Not Think About It beyond.
“I told you not to ask that of me again,” Tony ground out, pushing himself up so that he leaned over where Steve lay in the bed. He looked away for a long moment, then back down at Steve, his gaze hard and unyielding.
“It was not your fault,” Steve said in a firm tone that caught on each word.  “It wasn’t, Tony.” His gaze held Tony’s, and there was no question in it, no guile, no dissembling.
He glanced up at Steve, who had his hands crossed over his bare chest and an expectant look on his face.  “Fine, I’ll fix it.  Can you have him tell Clint to be more careful. This is,what, the third time now?”
“You are a hopeless romantic, Tony Stark,” Rhodey said, slapping him on the shoulder and giving him a little shake. “Alright, go send the world’s weirdest love letter,” Rhodey said around a smile.
“Haven’t felt like it for a while,” Steve acknowledged, then shrugged a bit and shoved his hands into his pockets.  “Will you be okay here tonight?” Steve asked.
“Yeah, but...that’s not you. Not
The air was thick with heat from twin fires that flanked the sides of the tent.  They crackled occasionally, drawing Tony’s attention.  Smoke filtered out holes in the top of the tent, but still clung to the air.  The smoke, ore maybe the heat or maybe both, it made everything feel heavier, somehow, squeezing at him from all sides.  The walls closer, the trim of the cloak clasped at his throat rougher, the soft coughs and occasional movements that rent the silence all the louder, as if exaggerated by the flames.  A bead of sweat dripped onto Tony’s eyelash, and he blinked, sending it trickling down his cheek, almost like a tear.  That was a satisfaction he would not give them, he told himself, not for the first time.  Obie, Rumlow, Rollins and all the rest of their ilk, all standing around with sharp eyes and sharper smiles.
“May I?” Steve asked, hands already on the front of Tony’s doublet to help him disrobe.
“Yes,” Steve said, stomach twisting into a knot of apprehension that was somehow spiked with desire, until he couldn’t tell where one ended and the other began.
Absolutely gorgeous artwork done by maxkennedy24.  Find more of their work and info about commissions on their tumblr at maxkennedy24.tumblr.com.
Well, okay, Steve had asked.  And that was…he didn’t know what that was.  He didn’t know what any of this was. Seemed far too elaborate to be a ruse, unless Steve was ridiculously bored by life. Which left, guilt or…or Steve was, maybe, possibly, not…completely terrible, Tony thought, mentally groping for the right words.
“Give us a good show, Lou.  Steve here’s never been,” Tony told the pilot.
************Ten Years Earlier**************
“Fine knights who taught their boy-prince from all their years of experience on the tourney field,” Steve remarked, tilting his head to the side and returning Tony’s look.  Tony barked out a laugh, eyes dancing, then walked over to where Steve stood and cupped Steve’s jaw in his hand, expression going somber.
Tony pointed him to the guest bathroom, and a few minutes later, Steve understood.  The trunks were red, white, and blue and patterned in a variation on the flag. He had half-expected something a lot skimpier, so was a bit relieved, all things considered.
“Good shot,” Tony murmured, voice rough and low, looking up at him with bleary, wide eyes as Steve pulled his pants up.  Once Steve had himself situated, Tony leaned forward and rested his head on Steve’s knee until his breathing evened.  Steve was stroking his hand through Tony’s hair before he quite realized what he was doing.  He stilled his hand, only to find Tony lifting his head to look at him accusingly, so he kept on while Tony settled his head back against Steve’s thigh.  “I should go,” Tony said, though he made no effort to move.
“I saw that I am meant to love you  I saw that we could be happy. You and I. We could be so very happy, if you would but
is what I saw when we said our vows in the stone circle  Enough. We will speak of it no more. Do not ask me of it again,” he finished, drawing up a hand to rub at the center of his chest in an odd, circular motion, his fist digging in at the flesh between his ribs as if he was in pain.
“Tell me of it. This place where you are from,” Tony ordered, though his tone was gentle.  “You should speak of it more. Your past is not forbidden, Steve, just because your future is here.”
“Oh, right. Of course, I—I didn't mean—that was stupid of me--” Tony stammered.
Steve gave him a long look, then pushed open the car door and stepped out into the waning evening light.  Tony took a deep, bracing breath, then climbed out after Steve, reaching up to take the hand Steve held out to assist him.  He would have let it drop once he was out, but Steve hung on, wrapping Tony’s hand around his elbow, the way he had done that night at the gala.  Have to keep up appearances and all that, Tony supposed, letting Steve guide him up the steps to the front door.
…” she made a clucking sound against her teeth.  “I know those boys.  They will never be his friends. Never.”
“A mock-up,” Stark said.  “Real thing’s a lot more complicated.  Proprietary, though.  You know how it is.”
“Are you?  Really?  ‘Cause I see him chasing you up the steps like that yappy little yeah-Spike-yeah dog from the cartoons, asking you for any kind of handout,” Rhodey replied.  “He’ll take whatever you’re willing to give.  Even scraps, because that’s how he is.  I’m not going to let that happen.  He deserves better.  I don’t think we disagree on that.”
Finally, he collapsed on top of Tony, breathing hard, his body heavy and warm.  Tony stroked Steve’s hair and back. Steve mumbled something against Tony’s shoulder, then rolled them both over off of the wet furs.  He somehow managed to scabber a hand for one of the other furs, which he pulled over Tony, humming softly as he tucked it around the edges of Tony’s body.  Tony could feel the knot swelling, slowly stretching him, until he thought it might be too big, and then it wasn’t. It was just right. His body settled into it, sending another flush of slick to ease the way.
It had been so easy to believe the lie. The story.  It was a beautiful story, written just for him, he suspected.  So very, very easy to believe what you wanted to believe, wasn’t that the thing?  Even when it got harder and harder to look away, until finally, he had questioned it, and then--then, there had been explanations.  Concern. Promises to look into it. Follow-up with the right people. Get to the bottom of it. Find answers. And he had trusted, again.  He had believed what he wanted to believe, and passed the responsibility to someone else, patted himself on the back and gone back to building.
He clicked open the cap and squeezed a generous portion into his hand, then rubbed his hands together, coating them with the silky, warm gel.  He added a dollop more to his fingers, then reached down and pressed one against the rim of Tony’s hole, feeling it flutter and tighten.  Steve pressed his finger in, and heard Tony sigh, his legs splaying wider, cock twitching where it lay still hard and leaking across his stomach.  Steve pumped his finger a few times, working it deeper into the tight, hot channel, then added a second.  Tony moaned and arched his back, the cords of his neck bowing taut for a moment.  His eyes were dark and heavy-lidded, and as Steve watched, he bit his bottom lip, then released with quick, sharp pants of air.  Steve could feel Tony pushing down on his fingers, rocking himself a bit, his body already thrumming with a flurry of impatient movement.
“What is he saying?” Bucky asked, tilting his head slight towards Steve as he frowned in confusion while the Omega rambled on, pointing and gesturing emphatically, sometimes at Steve, sometimes towards the keep.
“Temper, temper,” Tony was saying in a light, teasing tone.
“Of course, Sir,” Jarvis responded promptly.
“I—yeah. I am. I guess. We are,” Tony replied.  The endive salad disappeared and dessert was served.  Some kind of puff pastries with a deep, red sauce drizzled over them and a spot of cream on the side.  Not rhubarb pie, Tony thought with a rueful look at Jarvis who returned it with a raised eyebrow.
Kirk was already moving, dragging the comforter behind him.  He stood behind Steve and stared over Steve’s shoulder for a long enough time that Steve looked up hesitantly, catching the man’s fascinated gaze as he studied the portrait.
Steve looked down and brought a hand up to hover over where Tony was passed out on top of him, his head pillowed on Steve’s chest and mouth hanging open a bit as he breathed softly. Tony’s hair was standing on end in places and damp curls were matted down with sweat in others, making him look younger than he was. The knowledge that he had pleased his Alpha was still pumping through his body, sending surges of endorphins to mask his body’s soreness. He knew enough of his own biology to know how the morning after worked, but it was still a nice, heady feeling to see Tony all but dead to the world and know that it was because of him.
“Well. Ah. I should probably get cleaned up. It's late, and it's been a long day. You probably want to get to bed, too,” Steve said, reaching down to pick up his duffel.
“It’s not to them.  It’s not to me,” Steve replied.
Steve felt the impact of the punching bag against his knuckles echo up his arm and across his shoulder in a large arc of pain. His other hand  was already a blur of motion as it, too, hit the side of the bag, sending it reeling as he pulled his elbow back to his side, fists up, bare feet braced apart on the mat.
“Is the adorably awkward thing a show? Because I have to say, it’s working for me. How are you real? Seriously, get down here and kiss me,” Tony demanded over a laugh, arms snaking up around Steve’s neck.
Tony got up with a tired sigh and walked the short distance down the hall.  “You know,” he said quietly,  “I used to have all kinds of fantasies about that beautiful man back there.  Now?  Now, I just imagine sleeping.  Seriously, it’s all I think about.  And do you know why?” he asked, bending down.  “You.  It’s totally your fault.  You’re pretty selfish that way, you know.”  Peter stared up at him with round, wide-awake eyes.  “If you don’t sleep, we don’t sleep.  And if you’re not careful, your Dad, who is trying very hard to finish your mural, is going to end up painting something closer to
“Thank you.  For the…for what you did,” Tony said, jerking his head towards the garage.  “For what you said. I know, I do, I know how you feel about me.  I just—I wasn’t sure which version of me walked out of that cave, Steve.  Sometimes, it’s like I don’t even recognize myself, or I tell myself I don’t, but that’s—it isn’t true.  I do.  I know this—this me.  I always have, and it terrifies me a bit that I do, but this is…I think this is maybe who I’m supposed to be. But, I need to be yours, too, and I…I don’t want to choose.  I want both.  I want to be both.”
“You lost an arm, Buck.  I’m just…” Steve trailed off, voice going thin and distant.
, a…whore.  But he did.
“He did it,” Tony said, slightly stunned, looking up at Steve in shock.  “My fire-safety robot put out fire.   He actually put out fire. I’ll be damned.”
“Suck,” Steve told him, and Tony closed his mouth around Steve’s thumb, tasting leather and metal and sweat and Steve.  He moved his mouth forward a bit, taking more of Steve’s thumb into his mouth.  His tongue darted out, almost experimentally, against the smooth leather, feeling the line of stiches and creases where the glove fit around Steve’s hand.  His eyes caught on Steve’s face, pupils blown wide, dark pools of blue like the night ocean, lips parted just enough for Tony to see the small pants of breath working in and out, muscles tight across his jaw, a slight furrow deepening on his forehead.
“Is that coffee?” Steve asked, walking into the kitchen, rubbing at the back of his head with the towel slung around his shoulders, still slightly damp from his shower.  He came to a stop as soon as he saw Tony, a blush creeping up his cheeks, and Tony’s first thought was ‘beautiful,’ and that was probably all he really needed to know in order to answer the question he hadn’t realized he was waiting to answer and therefore utterly and completely panic, totally reasonable reaction, though, all things considered.
--wrong.  I thought we were the good guys.
The city finally came into view a week into their journey.  Buildings of heights Steve had never seen before jutted into the sky like giant spears, all raised in homage to the castle, which sat at the top of the hill in the center of the city, looking down on everything around it from a central tower with a banner the length of at least four of the wagons Steve was currently riding in hanging down the side, bold and bright in its red and gold, even at this distance.
He shook his head, dropping his arms to his sides and sucking in a deep breath.  The voice, whoever or whatever it was, was silent.  Steve looked around again, hoping against hope to see someone, perhaps one of the children from the village playing a jest on him, but no one appeared. Finally, he set off back towards the farm, his eyes straight ahead, steadfastly refusing to think about anything other than getting home.
“That doesn’t make sense,” Cam said with a slightly annoyed huff of air. “How can the pieces of something add up to more together than what they are apart? That is not how math works, Raj’Inama, this, I know.”
that likely resulted from his peek over the edge.
“I don’t know, Ty.  He seems pretty out of it,” Dan said, a wary, troubled tone lacing his voice.  Out of what? Tony didn’t know.  He smiled.  That was funny.  Dan was funny. He wanted to go home.
Getting your ass kicked at KISS mini-golf was quite the humbling experience, Tony decided as he waited for Steve to collect his trophy slushie for scoring a hole-in-one down Gene Simmons’ tongue.  Words that Tony wanted to never, ever think again.
Steve turned, and his jaw dropped.  People say that, but he thought it might have been the first time he had ever actually experienced it for real.  He stared, open-mouthed, a low gasp escaping, at the grandeur spreading out before him.  “Wow,” he breathed out.  “It’s so beautiful.”
Steve took the tube from one hand and squeezed a liberal amount into the other, then ran it up and down his cock several times.  He braced his hand against the wall again, casting a quick glance at the picture, now tipped at a precarious angle.  He wrapped his other arm around Tony’s waist and lifted in one swift motion.
“I so do,” Kirk admitted with a deep, forlorn sigh.  “Though, I would point out that stars are neither gold, nor star-shaped.”
“Don’t make a big deal about the hand thing.  Or the back.  He’s real sensitive about his limitations, you know?” Barnes said.
That was the plan, such as it was.  Little more than a hope, really, and far more likely to fail as to succeed, but he had to try.
He sat down in one of the big, black chairs and waited. The tabletop was polished to a high gloss, reflecting bright circles of the overhead lights like strange, glowing eyes.  Frowning, he got up and walked over to stand in front of one of the tall windows, clasping his hand behind his back. The stance always soothed him. It was still an attention position, but stand at ease could be executed from this position, and standing like this, it always made him think that could be what was next, even if it almost never was.  At ease. That could be what was next.
“Anyway, yeah, I got his record, and you like that coincidence?  You’re going to love this,” Rhodey said.  “Hot Disapproving Guy was the one who got the intel about your location.   We’d been searching a whole different grid space, but all of a sudden, we get re-routed to nearly right on top of that hidey-hole where they were keeping you.  Just followed the destruction from there, and boom, there you were, all Lawrence of Arabia and shit about it,” Rhodey laughed, a bit of awe and remembered relief creeping into his voice.  “I couldn’t believe it. All those months, and there you were, just strolling through the desert, shooting peace signs at me.”
“Do not say anything,” Matt admonished him firmly. “At all, Tony. I mean it. You do not need to antagonize these people. Let me talk to them, okay.”
,” Bucky said, rolling his eyes. “It’s a damn good thing you’re pretty, Rogers.”
Her face tightened and reddened with anger, her eyes bulging wide, telling Steve he had guessed correctly.
“Come and get it!” Tony called out, shaking the bag in his hand as he walked along the dock.   He dropped a handful of pellets in to the waiting swirl of fish and watched them disappear almost as soon as they hit the water.  It only took a few minutes for him to get down to the crumbs at the bottom, which he upended into the water.  “Pigs.  Pigs with gills.  That’s what you are,” he accused with a smile.
“Hey,” Steve said, lifting his hand in a limp, awkward wave.  “So.”
“Thinking that I’d never seen him happier,” Steve replied.  “Everything that was going wrong, every horrible thing we had seen, but he could still look at her like that.  He still had it in him. I guess--I guess I was jealous, if I’m honest. Not jealous of them, but…”
“I’m me.  I am, I mean. Steve.  I’m, ah.  I’m Steve,” Steve finally managed with a wince.  “Sorry.  I can usually string words together.  I’m just--”  Steve stopped, ran a hand through his hair and looked behind him for some reason, as if Bucky might have crept through the window using his Steve Did Something Stupid Sense.
“I don’t know how to take that,” Steve said, then laughed a bit and took a drink of his own.
“You didn’t have to—I could’ve just made my own,” Tony mumbled as they stepped inside the cabin.  There was a sharp pang bursting in his chest that seemed to hitch on every breath, because he wanted, wanted so very badly, wanted far too much, to read more into Agent Agent’s Meals on Wheels efforts than was probably really there.
“You sure you don’t want me to go with you to D.C.? Or…or Boston?” Steve asked.  The words came out slurry and thick, like they were born of part yawn.  He was tired, that was true.  But, the weariness of earlier was gone, replaced with the desire for sleep, not the need for rest, and that was all the difference in the world.  That was Tony’s doing, he knew.  He wondered if he did the same for Tony.  It was hard to be sure.  Hard to be sure of anything, except…there were things he was sure of, and this had become one of them, sometime between the gym and the sounds of home.
Steve stood up from the bed, turned away from Tony and began methodically stripping off his uniform, boots first, then the leather tunic and belt, followed by the undershirt and finally unlacing his breeches and pushing them off. He could feel the firm weight of Tony’s gaze on him as he did, watching everything with the same intensity of focus he got when he was down in his workshop, mixing his metals and potions, lost in what he was doing. As he straightened, he couldn’t help but wince at the sudden bite of pain that striped across his back. He didn’t try to hide it, not this time. He had sworn, and Tony asked this of him, so he would give it, all of it, all of him, because Tony had promised.
to his scattered brain.
“Ah, well, see that sounds like a good idea. But, I can’t.  I mean, I would.  Don’t get me wrong.  I just can’t,” Tony replied.
It was
Just some off-at-MIT smut from CN.  See, I can write them angst-free and happy.  I mean, I feel dirty and wrong, but look! Happy idiots in love!
“Alright, here we go,” Bruce said, rubbing the transducer over Steve’s stomach. Tony and Steve turned to watch the large screen opposite the exam table with rapt gazes. Tony could feel Steve’s hand clutch at his own, the grip almost painful, though he doubted Steve even knew what he was doing. On the screen, a bright, golden curve appeared against a darker background as Bruce moved the ultrasound around to the side of Steve’s belly. “There,” Bruce announced, his voice quiet and filled with awe. “There you go. That’s your baby.”
“I can't, Tony. I'm sorry,” Steve said again, more firmly this time, with an air of finality that made Tony want to physically recoil. “I shouldn't've done this. That. This was a mistake. Coming here. I knew I shouldn't—but, I wanted to see you and I--I have to go. That appointment. I have to go,” Steve repeated, a note of desperation in his voice, before he shifted his stance, brow drawing together and eyes fluttering shut for a flicker before finding Tony again. “I can't do this. This—this thing with you. What you—what you said. I can't, Tony. I'm sorry.”
Steve jerked away and pushed between the two of them, her laughter ringing in his ears as he stumbled past.
Tony had been able to get the suit on just before the jet went down, thank God, enough to save his life and Steve’s, but Tony had borne the brunt of the impact, and suit or no suit, hitting the side of a mountain at that speed had done some damage.  Steve just hoped it wasn’t more serious than what he could see.
“I guess probably some people...wait, the tabloids?” Steve replied with a frown as he tugged the bedspread down and climbed into the bed.  He stared up at the ceiling where two fire sprinklers hung like weird metal stars.
“Really?” Steve asked, but he was trying to keep from smiling, so it was okay. Okay-okay, even.
“Hey now, shhhh, none of that,” Tony soothed, his hands coming up to stroke up and down over Steve’s back. “I did not mean to upset you.”
“Nothing, nothing, just, ah...the ship’s pretty beat up,” Tony observed.
Take this with me, Tony thought.
“I—I’m sorry.  I know. I push.  I do, and I tell myself not to.  That I need to back off, and then I—“ Tony rushed out.
Steve started running his hand up and down Tony’s cock, slowly at first, twisting his wrist on each stroke to get the friction Tony needed. It was a beautiful sight, Tony coming undone, Steve thought, the thought that he got to have this still new enough to leave him dazed.  Tony loved so fiercely, so deeply, it was a tidal pull that could overwhelm, drag at you until you were pulled under its wake, or it could remake the world.  Life and death, Steve thought, watching Tony’s eyes flutter shut, breath coming in sharp, short pants.  Not a beginning, nor an end, but a loop, a circle.  A man, on the edge of the water, holding the moon in his hands.
“Very important,” Steve said, giving Tony a stern look that quickly broke into a grin.
with him slammed shut some kind of door in his mind that he just steadfastly refused to open.
“Go for it. What’s he going to do? We’re under quarantine,” Rhodey shrugged. “I want Pad Thai.”
“…Young?” Steve said, looking around the restaurant like he might want to phone a friend.
“He’s a lawyer.  Does some work pro bono for the VA,” Steve explained.
“Boston? Not really.  Haven’t wanted to since.  Well.  You know,” Steve said, looking down at his plate for a moment before he regrouped and looked back up at Tony.  “Be neat to go back. See the old haunts, that kind of thing.  You think our apartment’s still there?  Probably not, huh?”
“I—should get changed, too,” Steve said as Ms. Potts’ swiveled her gaze around towards him.
“I draw you,” Steve admitted, cutting Tony’s guilt off with sharp precision. Tony stuttered to a halt, words floundering as he looked in confusion at Steve.
Once his shift ended, he caught the bus home and managed a quick, cold shower before picking up Bucky’s phone, having long ago given up his own, and working up the nerve to call the number on the card with the spider on it.  He prayed for voicemail, but the phone gods were not with him.
If he was a better person, a good person--not even a great person, just good, just someone who put Tony’s happiness above his own--he would break the Bond. Let Tony go.  He looked down at the space socks with their bright golden colors and an arrowhead symbol that looked a bit like the point of a compass.
Steve curled himself against Tony’s side, wrapping his arms around the other man’s chest.  He drifted for a bit, not sleeping, but not exactly awake either.  At some point, Tony got up and came back after few minutes with a damp towel, cleaning Steve up in a perfunctory, but gentle, manner, before crawling back under the covers and insinuating himself next to Steve again, warm and languid.  When Steve was finally able to focus, Tony was tracing a light finger over Steve’s back, writing an equation, Steve thought, with an inward smile.   It didn’t take long to feel Tony’s muscles shift in anticipation of movement.  He wasn’t going to stay.  There was Ross and MIT and memories that not even Tony could fix.
a hero, let alone thinking of him—well, Captain America—as one.  He always treated Steve with something approaching mild disdain, or so it seemed to Steve.  There was a distance there, that was true, he thought, but looking back, he wondered at it.  The man sitting across from him was open, honest, funny without being unkind, cared about whether his random blind date was uncomfortable and apparently concerned enough about his ex to agree to meet up with some stranger in a Brooklyn no-star to appease her. Not exactly how Steve would have described Stark thirty minutes ago had someone asked him.
He did it again, pushing his fingers in deeper, relishing the burn and stretch.  Then again, finding a rhythm he liked. He stopped long enough to slather more fluid on his fingers as it dripped down from his cock.  It wasn’t enough, but it wasn’t not enough, either. With his other hand he twisted his nipple again. Harder this time, tugging at it a bit in time with the thrust of his fingers.  A long, low moan escaped him. He felt wanton. Shameless. Unmoored as he drifted on a haze of unfiltered pleasure, pure and sweet, and unburdened by needing to process what anyone else thought about it.  All he had to do was be good for Tony, and he was. So good. His cock pulsed and throbbed to the point of pain, but the desire to touch himself there was gone, replaced by a need to touch himself everywhere else.
Steve sucked in a breath, shook his head to clear it. He tried the knob, but it was locked. With another quick glance over his shoulder, he gave it a hard twist and pushed the door open.  The study was dark, save for a single lamp on a large, wooden desk that spilled a soft glow around it and light flooding in from outside where guests strolled through the gardens some ways away.  On his left, the large, pastoral hunting scene covered Howard’s safe behind a façade of red-coated equestrians. Papers were strewn on top of the desk in seemingly haphazard fashion, as if someone had been looking for something and been in a hurry.  Behind the desk, tall windows faced the gardens at the back of the house. One of those swivel leather office chairs sat behind it, with its back to him. A mirror-paneled bar stood to Steve’s right, with a half-filled crystal decanter and three glasses.  Books lined one wall, all crisp-spined and straight-paged. For show, not reading, Steve thought to himself, wondering again at the man Howard had become. A thick rug covered the floor, and a wrought-iron chandelier with small lamp shades covering the bulbs hung overhead. Two overstuffed leather chairs stood sentinel in front of a cold fireplace with a small table between them.  An ashtray, free of any actual ashes, and a cigar cutter sat on the table.
“So,” Tony began, then left the syllable hanging, making a quickly abortive attempt to tap at the center of his chest before letting his hand drop to his side, where he snapped his fingers almost in time to the floors that lit up on the elevator’s keypad as they descended.
Tony’s own room was a disordered mess, with piles of clothes, posters stuck to the wall, pictures of Jarvis and his mom,  receipts he’d pulled out of his pocket and hadn’t thrown away yet, a few take-out menus from the drawer in the kitchen, plastic-sleeved comic books in carefully alphabetized rows in cardboard boxes, bits and pieces of various machines dropped in mid-creation, half-filled coffee cups he hadn’t bothered to take to the kitchen, an embarrassing number of action figures lined up along the top of his dresser and a guitar he didn’t play, but secretly thought it made him look cooler to have it leaning against the wall.  He could learn to play it.  One day.  Could happen.
“I—yeah,” Steve acknowledged, almost reluctantly.  “I could eat.”
“Well, I, of course, morally object to putting you
“So…guess I got a gold star, then, huh?” Tony said with a lopsided half-smile.
“Do you want me to go?” Steve asked.
“I can hit him if you want. I’m pretty good at that,” Steve offered.
“It certainly is that,” Tony agreed.  “It has kept the Rands in power for generations, though they long for closer connections to the Crown.  Only one Rand ever married into the royal family, and they do not forget that. Hell, I’m fairly sure Wendell sent his son to Court in the hopes he would catch my eye.  Not that it wouldn’t be a good match, but…” he trailed off, biting his lip and turning to look out the window.
He woke, blinking, rubbing at the haze in his eyes.  The first thing he noticed was that he was naked and in a bed that was not his own. The bedding was softer than anything he knew, and a deep red in color.  The room was different, too.  Familiar, almost like something he dreamt, once.  Stuffed to the ceiling with books and all manner of oddities.  His shield, sword and armor were leaning against one wall, Steve saw, cleaned and oiled now. Waiting.
“I was looking for Steve,” Tony announced.
.” Don't let me be the one who lives, Tony silently beseeched a power he didn't believe in.
.  Do not resuscitate.
“Maybe.  A little bit,” Tony acknowledged with some reluctance.  Seriously, the real fish might actually be smarter than he was.  At least they left the worm on the hook.
“First is sex,” Tony said abruptly, drawing a sharp, questioning sound from Steve.  “Sex.  Or, disagreements about it. Causes the most break-ups.  How are we doing there?”
“Around 2 a.m. last night,” Tony answered, stifling a yawn at the thought.
“Oh, you know,” Stark replied.  “I try to keep tabs.  Stay in touch.  That sort of thing.”
“Of course,” Steve said, confusion at Tony’s question making him draw back, though Tony’s moods being as changeable as the sea he so wanted to control were becoming somewhat comfortingly familiar to Steve.  He tried to remember what his thoughts had been.  He must have dreamed of life after the war.  Everyone had.  Vague notions of Bucky and Nat, a small cottage and warm hearth with red-haired hellions running to and fro, with Sam by his side, talking his ear off, and Clint threatening to use Redwing’s feathers for his arrows. Pietro and Wanda arguing about the importance of a twelve minute difference in their entries into this world.  And Steve, watching it all.  I would watch them live their lives, Steve thought. Their lives after the war, in that blank space of time that had never seemed to exist for Steve, though he didn’t want to say this to Tony. “I guess I thought we—my team, I mean—we’d all end up together.  Somehow.  That, ah.  Actually, that doesn’t make much sense,” Steve said with a small laugh. “They were all from different corners of the country, truth be told. Clint had a farm and a family.  Wanda and Pietro—they were siblings.  Twins, actually, though they looked little alike.  Their village was all but destroyed, but they’d talked of helping rebuild one day. I’d have probably followed Bucky and Nat around until they got tired of me, I guess.  Nat—Natasha—she and Bucky were married.  Well, not truly married, not with a holy man or anything, but they said their vows in a circle of standing stones, the way people used to, and Natasha said that was just as good, if it was truly meant.”
He braced a hand on the wall and swallowed down gulps of air, but kept his gaze on Steve’s, refusing to break the eye contact now that he had it. Tony’s moved to stand in front of Steve, drinking him in for a moment. Steve let out a low little moan of pure need, his throat working convulsively around the sound, but otherwise stood motionless. Tony leaned forward and captured Steve’s mouth, feeling Steve’s warm sigh against his lips. Tony let his hand slide off the wall and cupped Steve’s chin, using his thumb to nudge Steve’s mouth to part. As soon as it did, he swiped his tongue inside, delving deep, then moving it against the side of Steve’s tongue, back and forth, then flicking it against Steve’s as he slanted his mouth to the side. Steve’s body vibrated with a thrumming groan that seemed torn from his chest as Tony cupped a hand on either side of his face, Steve’s own hands coming to wrap around Tony’s wrists and hold him there. Tony finally pulled back, trailing his tongue over Steve’s bottom lip before withdrawing.
“I might have me’d it,” Tony admitted with a flat grimace.
The man at the desk frowned and tapped something else on his tablet. “The records for Room Six were uploaded earlier today. I show Room Six as a preference for lack of condom use, but optional at your discretion. We pride ourselves on matching our client’s expectations where we can,” he added with a bit of a sour note in his voice.
He said
“Really?” Tony asked, giving Steve a caustic, pointed look that burned along Steve’s skin.
“Well, guess I'll just have to make do, then,” Steve replied, jaw going hard. “Not that I expect you to understand that.”
“Nah,” Clint chimed in, “They’d probably want to fix everything, and what would we do without our three purely decorative burners and the hallway Seizure Strobelight?  I’m this close to figuring out the coded messages its sending me.  And I personally feel that what the lightswitch in the kitchen actually turns on should just remain one of life’s mysteries.  Like those big stone-faced guys on that island.  We just aren’t meant to know.”
, asked a niggling, twisting voice in the back of his head.  It
“Ford Beebe. He did Buck Rogers, too.  And Flash Gordon.  Phantom Creeps had Bela Lugosi as Doctor Zorka,” Steve replied.  “He built this remote-controlled robot, the Iron Man. God, that thing scared the life outta me when I was a kid.  Eight feet tall, all metal, and it just sort of walked around with this big, bald head and all these teeth,” Steve said, shaking his head while his fork dangled from one hand with a spear of pasta on one end.
“I guess.  It’s public transportation after all,” Steve replied, though there was a teasing glint in his eyes.  He turned and started heading towards the building where another man in a similar uniform was already swiping a card at the security door.  “Bucky’s got one of those George Foreman’s,” Steve called out over his shoulder as he walked away.
“Move,” Steve said, and the throng of people who were hovering at the top of the stairs, probably trying to figure out what all the commotion had been, parted like the Red Sea.  Tony harrumphed a bit at the sight.  No slithering down the stairs, after all, he thought as Steve maneuvered them down.  The music was still loud and thumping all the way to the back of his brain, but it wasn’t quite as bothersome, not with his ear pressed against the curve of Steve’s arm.
“I think you embellish your tales to entertain me,” Tony said after a moment.
“Too flashy?” Tony questioned uncertainly.
“An attendant’s fate always rises and falls with his or her concubine,” Tony replied.  “Had you been ill suited to the harem, the boy would have had to serve with someone new, and generally that means as the lowest among that concubine’s attendants. Yes, it is an inglorious station, I am sure, but—”
“I’ll take you up on that, if you don’t mind,” Steve said.  Tony’s head jerked around to his in surprise. Stane’s gaze went cold and calculating for a moment before he grinned and took a sip of his drink.  Scotch, Steve knew.
“Then,” Steve continued, “I was sold to Zola.  Sent here.  I didn’t know you or understand…well, any of it, really.  I thought I would hate everything here.  And I did.  It was exactly what I thought it would be.  I was told I would be sent to you, and you seemed to be the only one here who Zola feared.  What kind of man strikes fear in the heart of someone such as Zola, I wondered. Then, I met you.  And you were not
“So…we are to stay here,” Steve said as he leaned back heavily on the divan and rubbed a hand over his stomach.  Over the balcony’s ledge, he could see the city spread out before him, all sand and rust colored, as if the houses and buildings had sprung out of the rocks themselves, and the Castle rising up behind him, ringing its thick, stone walls around the bailey and the outbuildings, including the compound where he and Cam stuffed themselves on the King’s largesse.
“Sugarbear, do I need a safeword?” Tony asked lightly.
“Yeah, well, you’re not exactly getting any sauce yet, either, Lothario, so step back,” Rhodey pointed out with a nod towards Steve, who had moved past Natasha into the small kitchen area to open the various take-out containers.
“Is that still recording?” Howard asked, pointing a finger at the camera.
“Of course I would not allow it,” Tony snapped.  “Royal Concubines belong to the Crown itself, and are under its protection. They can travel the length and breadth of the realm without fear of harm. You really think I would allow them to serve someone as vile as Justin Hammer?  Zola knows this!  Why would he--” he broke off and closed his eyes, taking a bracing breath, then opening them to look down upon Steve.  Finally, he dropped his hand from Steve’s cheek, and his expression cloaked with an odd detachment.
“He can be stubborn, I’ll grant you that,” Rhodes smiled ruefully. “But, from what he tells me, I think you just might be able to out-do him on that. He could use someone else to trust.  It doesn’t come easily to him.  Trusting people.  You can probably see why. Everyone has an agenda.  Everyone is out for something from him. Always have been.  But, if you can gain it, it is well worth the effort to have it.”
“I mean, it was just, you know, casual and all, but it wasn’t bad or anything,” Steve said quickly.  “I don’t think I’m supposed to talk about it.  That NDA thing,” he reminded Brock.
to be nicer.  He’s trying, with all of this…this craziness.  Since…the thing.  The stock, the DoJ…there’s a lot going on.  Obie’s helping.  Taking as much off my plate as he can.  Be nice, okay?  For me?”
“You are magnificent, Raj’Inama,” Cam breathed out with an overly-reverent awe. “The King will be so pleased! Here,” he added, holding up the elaborately beaded veil with its multitude of delicate strands of beads that hung down past Steve’s shoulders and left only his eyes visible. “Now you are ready.”
“Yes, yes, it is very important, this… alliance. It would be a great shame to both of our names should it break after so many good years between our fathers,” the Ul said.
“His email is
“Now you’re just fishing for compliments, and we both know how terrible you are at fishing,” Tony declared lightly, twisting a bit back and forth at his waist until he caught himself and stopped.  “You really love me.”
“It was a lovely wedding,” Steve agreed, feeling some of the tension pulsing through his body drain away at the memory. Jane had looked beautiful in her crown of flowers holding Thor’s hand with a bewildered smile while Thor beamed down at her as they repeated their vows before the holy man. It had seemed simple, but Steve knew it held as much meaning as the most elaborate ceremony. Perhaps moreso, because it had been paid for in pain and fear, earned in trust and devotion. You could see it in how they looked at each other, so certain and sure. He had been happy for them, of course, but it was the kind of happy that came on the tail end of a wave of longing so powerful that even now, he could feel the wake of it washing over him even now.
“I could help.  Read them, I mean,” Steve offered.
Anto had looked down at the Stranger and felt a strange sense of certainty settle over him.  He was a healer. He could not leave this man. No matter what Tyber said. He had been banished before, and survived.  If that was his fate again, then so be it.
“An incident?” Tony repeated, breaking out of whatever momentary pause button he’d hit.  “What kind of an incident?  Is he okay?”  They already had this conversation, some part of his brain objected.  Screamed déjà vu at him.  Banged no-no-no in his ears, a loud, hollow drumbeat that sounded like a fist pounding on a door.
.  Do you know how many forms I’ve gone through the past couple years?  And—I don’t know, you’re here, and you’re upset, I know you are, and it’s all my fault.  I’m sorry. I’m a terrible friend.”
Anto didn’t think that was why Tyber pointed it out, though.  There was always a sense of pleased cruelty in Tyber’s notice, and it seemed to fall on Anto far more than anyone else.  Once, he would have been thrilled by that. He never imagined he would attract the interest of an Alpha, not looking the way he did, not if there were any other Omega available.  He remembered Maara teaching him what to do and how to recognize the Alpha’s signal, even though she said he would likely never need it. His eyes had leaked then, and she made him a poultice for them, though that had not stopped the leaking.
“Traitor,” Bucky muttered under his breath, muffling a grin with his good hand.  “Fuck, Stark, it’s not your fault the media has a hard-on for you. Steve never would’ve been at that place to begin with if it weren’t for me.”
“I can walk. I got this,” Tony said, sliding out of the car.  Steve caught him before he hit the ground.  “I don’t got this,” Tony amended, blinking up at Steve.  Steve shot him a long-suffering look, then lifted Tony up again.  Actually, this was nice, Tony decided.  Walking was overrated.  Steve-mobile was good.  He patted Steve’s chest.  Good.  He kept patting it.  Really good.  God, he’d missed that part, too.  He traced his finger over the curve of Steve’s pecs, then down the center of his chest.
Steve thought he might melt through the seams between the boards on the dock, just melt down into the pond and float off, one big puddle because his Omega was teasing him and smiling at him, like he didn’t know that no one did that anymore.
Huge thank you to tastes-like-coconut for the beta, as always!
“We just figured, being Air Force and all, you’d be miles away from the actual fight, watching it on TV at the Officers’ Club,” Barnes deadpanned, then snickered and fist bumped Steve, who was leaning a hip against the kitchen counter, clearly amused.
“You still do,” Tony said, nodding his head towards the Sept. Steve turned around, squinting for a moment in the glare of the sun, then caught sight of movement in the distance, a man coming out of the Sept carrying a load of debris in his arms.  Steve raised a hand in greeting, watching the figure stop what he was doing, set down what he was carrying, then start their direction.
Not beads.
He was big, looming over the rest of them from atop a simple wooden bench.  Obie had a huge throne-like chair he preferred in the Great Hall that marked him as Lord, but the man seemed to radiate power without the need for such a display.  He sat tall and straight-backed, hands on his knees where they peeked out above tall boots and beneath little more than a skirt of hard leather strips in a casual pose as the translator finished conveying Obie’s offer.  A dark, supple fur was thrown over his shoulders, it’s unfortunate owner unknown to Tony.  Over one shoulder hung a thick braid knotted with a simple leather thong.  His chest was broad, rippling with muscles, and bare, except for a necklace of pointed teeth and strange runes that Tony could barely make out in the dim light of the tent and two crisscrossing leather straps that Tony assumed held some kind of weapon to his back.  The thin line of a scar sliced across one eyebrow and down his cheek, ending just above his beard.  Next to one of his knees leaned a massive sword that probably would reach Tony’s chest if stood on end and gleaming shield in a gray metal unlike anything Tony had seen before.
“Oh, no, Master Tony, we don’t touch that,” Jarvis said in Tony’s mind as he grabbed Tony’s tiny hand before he could touch a hot stove.
Steve walked through the tiny living room towards the door, ignoring Clint’s cat calls, “Whoo-hoo!  Nice, Rogers.  Stark got a prep kink?  Tell him you’ve been naughty and got sent the principal’s office,” Clint snickered.  Bucky shoved him half off the sofa.  “Hey!” Clint shouted, affronted.
“No, no, nothing like that.  I just thought, maybe, this might be good for you.  Get out.  Live life a bit.  See what—and who—might be out there,” Natasha said.  “He’s nice.  Good.  Better than I think even he realizes.  I think you’d like him.”
you insane, hormone-addled Alpha with jetboots!  I cannot believe this is my life.”
Tony was snapping his hips against Steve in hard, pounding, short thrusts that left no room between them for Steve to gain any kind of purchase.  Steve gasped and strained, letting out a low, keening moan.  “Come for me, my love,” Tony said, and Steve came, hard, spurts of it covering his stomach and chest and hitting his chin.  He felt Tony spill inside him with a sharp shout, hips thrusting with a juddering, loose rhythm through the last of it.  Tony’s head fell forward and he collapsed to his hands, braced on either side of Steve.  He was breathing heavily and coated with a bright sheen of sweat that made his skin glisten like molten gold in the firelight.  Steve waited, breathing deep.  There was spittle on his chin and cheeks and covering his lips, though he couldn’t find the energy to care.  Tony finally lifted his head, eyes roving over Steve’s face and chest, a dark, satisfied pleasure contorting his features.
Tony got his feet to cooperate enough to stutter-step to the side, but at least that resulted in Stone’s hand moving away from his neck and down to his shoulder, where it sat, no,
Polaris, Tony thought with a buzzing sort of strangeness that centered in his chest.
Steve hummed, a contented sound that Tony wondered if he knew he was making.  Tony smiled a bit at the noise, a fissure of pleasure ghosting down his spine, and curled his toes into the sheet underneath Steve’s leg.
“Morning,” Steve called out after a short pause, giving Tony a chance to decide to take a bite or close his mouth.  He picked closing his mouth, which was, generally speaking, always a good option for him.  “I see you found breakfast.”
Tony leaned his head back against the edge of the mattress again and closed his eyes with a groan.  His head was pounding again, and his stomach made a rebellious noise of what Tony considered to be warning.  He wanted to go home.  He should get a cab.  Or find the bus stop. Did city buses run this late?  Early.  Whatever.  Or text Ty again, he thought, lifting his head and holding up his phone.  Or…not.  Right.  Phone is a no-go.  Maybe Actual Fucking Captain America would come rescue him again, Tony thought with a giggle.
“No,” Tony said quickly, wiping his napkin over his mouth and tossing it on the table.  “I’m not doing the whole divorce sign-up sheet.  Forget it.”
Something rattled around Tony’s  brain, something he’d read ages ago, maybe during one of those special classes they made Alphas take during middle school, the ones they’d all snickered through.  Something some pseudo-intellectual Alpha, who probably couldn’t possibly actually attract an Omega if he'd had a Dirk Diggler-sized dick, had written about how an Omega preferred to climax once the Alpha had knotted, which was total Alpha propaganda bullshit, except now Tony was going to have to write up some incredibly stellar review for the asshole on Goodreads or something because as soon as Tony released his grip on Steve’s cock,  Steve kicked his pants the rest of the way off, and, in one swift motion, turned away from Tony. Steve fell forward, going down to all fours, and bowed his head to the ground, spreading his knees apart on the cushion and presenting himself to Tony, his hole already stretched wide and glistening bright with slick.
He'd talked about getting a TA job, but hadn't really followed through on it, what with his professors failing to be as luminously brilliant as he was, as if that somehow made it beneath him. Then, Howard had capitulated on the tuition, and it hadn't seemed like such a big deal. Things would work out. Then...they hadn't, much to his shock, though he couldn't help but wonder how self-serving that surprise really was. Should he have seen it coming? They'd had problems, but nothing had ever seemed insurmountable, though, okay, sure, there had been issues. A...distance, that was the right word, that cropped up about the time Howard finally stopped being a douche about the tuition. That should have been something of a release valve for both of them, but it had seemed to have the opposite effect, for some reason.
“I liked your picture,” Steve replied, looking down at the table where the risotto was still impaled with a fork.
He looked up at Steve.  His eyes were dancing, bright and warm, his face soft.  He looked…he looked beautiful, to be honest. Happy, Steve thought.  In a way that Tony usually wasn’t. Unguarded, Steve decided. That was the difference.  Steve was nearly naked, but it was Tony who looked far more vulnerable and open all of a sudden.
Steve had the impression of dark hair before he realized his lapse.  He quickly sank to his knees behind Zola and bowed his head, waiting.   Steve heard a small huff from across the room and saw Zola rise out of the corner of his eye, so he supposed that was what passed for acknowledgement from a King.  Mindful of Zola’s warning, he stayed where he was, keeping his eyes on the stone floor. There were flecks of wood dust in the grooves of stone, he noticed.  And dark metal shavings.  Ribbons of wood curled in corners and hid underneath the table.
“I’m gonna get shit-faced tonight, pretend it never happened, and tomorrow, I’m finally going to buy my guy something nice,” Brock told him.
“Hey,” Tony replied.  “There’s some breakfast left.  Sort of.  Bran muffins, because Rhodey doesn’t understand the muffin-to-useful-advice reward system. If you want some.”
“I am sorry, my beautiful one.  I thought—well.  It does not matter what I thought.  I am an idiot who let old mistakes grow into new ones.  My old manservant would say they do that if you tend to them as well and often as I do.  Forgive me.  I shall make it up to you, I promise,” Tony told him.  “You must have many questions.  I should have realized to assure you, though as to why Zola did not have this explained, I will find out,” Tony said, frowning.
He wasn’t sure what he meant.
After a few pages, his mouth twisted into an annoyed grimace, aimed half at himself and half at the scantily-clad models with their wide-eyed gazes and parted lips.  He tossed the magazine aside, glared at it, then reached over and picked it up again, flipping through the glossy pages.  Victoria didn’t seem to have that much interest in actually keeping anything secret, but whatever, Tony thought with a sigh.
Honestly, his Alpha was a lot shinier than he would have anticipated.
Or, well, they went and sat on the dock, staring at the lake, while the fish ignored them.  Steve claimed this was fishing, and that Tony lacked patience.  Tony pointed out that Steve may have the patience of Job, but he lacked fish, and they ended up sitting there for three hours and then ordering pizza.
“Just needed the right partner,” Steve responded after a beat in a deep, husky tone that went straight through Tony and coiled low in his belly, filling him with an impossible heat that left his mouth dry and heart pounding in his ears.  Tony dropped his gaze to just over Steve’s shoulder, where the canopy of stars spread out over the mountains.
“Yeah,” Tony cut him off.  “I’m not saying I don’t get it.  Rhodey needs me to take my clothes off, I’m absolutely doing it.  Mostly, he’s spent years trying to get me to keep my clothes
Cam looked at him for a long time, as if he was considering Steve’s words, then nodded and looked squarely at Steve.
“Well, I’m sure your assurances would quiet the Council,” Tony said with a derisive snort.  “Steve, you’re a man of war, not some crofter who picked up his scythe, trotted off to some skirmish and came home calling himself a soldier.  Tell me, would your precious Free States give up one with such knowledge?” Tony demanded, voice flecked with annoyance.  “I thought not,” he said, catching Steve’s expression. “This is the life we were given, much as I may wish it were different.  It is not. So be it.  You are mine.  Fate has willed it so. That will have to be enough. For the both of us.” A low, bitter huff of a laugh escaped, and he finished tying his robe with a shake of his head.  “Would that you had been a prince from some far-off kingdom.  The youngest son, of course, with nothing but a large dowry and good trade pact—or perhaps a nice army--to your name,” he continued, giving Steve a long, desolate look before turning away.  He stopped, one hand reaching up to grip the edge of the door, though he did not turn back.  “You see?  I can dream, too.”
“Thinking what?” Tony asked softly.
He was going to hell.  That was probably a given.  Might as well just smooth the ride a bit. “Give me an infrared scan,” Tony said with a sigh.  The projection hummed to life on the console next to the bed, Steve’s warm form in red against a blue overlay of the room.  He was sitting in a chair in his living room, just sitting, facing an empty wall.  Tony couldn’t tell if he was asleep or awake, but the television wasn’t on and there was no computer or tablet near him.  “Is he asleep?”
“Oh,” Tony said.  “Okay, that’s…I guess you could go to your room.  Or I could…” he barely managed that much before Steve was brushing past him and pressing the elevator’s call button.  “Steve?” Tony called out after him. Steve didn’t answer.
“I’m right here.  I’m not going anywhere, Tony,” Steve said.
“I, uh. Actually talked a bit to Rhodey about some ideas.  Options. Thoughts.  More like musings, really, but, ah--yeah,” Tony said, shrugging lightly, then regretting the motion.  His whole body ached, he realized with a pained wince.   “Anyway, point being, there has to be a way to do something to help deal with all of this that doesn’t involve you all running around playing the non-fun version of Dirty Harry.  Come on, Steve, work with me, here.  You might not know this, but I’m a pretty smart guy.  Have some good ideas from time to time.”
he would, or if he was too busy, too busy with his letters to even
“Didn’t get what?” Tony breathed out, holding himself still, the deep breath before the great plunge, he thought.
“So,” Steve began, drawing out the word, the corners of his mouth tipping up.  “You’d have said you didn’t not want an introduction, then.”
“Thanks,” Tony replied hoarsely, finding himself filled with a strangely pleased bashfulness.  He dropped his gaze and darted it around the room, coming to rest on the pepper shaker on the table that he still hadn’t remembered to fill, though it was nearly full because Steve liked to take care of him.  He was suddenly absurdly conscious of the feel the cool metal of Steve’s dog tags brush against his skin under the shirt.  One hand came up to press against the center of his chest, warming the metal into his skin.  “So.  I guess we should, ah…”
“I can’t just declare I’m Iron Man to the world. Who wants someone like me protecting them?” Tony asked with a huff of a laugh that he congratulated himself on being only slightly bitter-sounding.
The bed lifted as Tony got up. The candles went dark.  A moment later, Steve heard him pad around the bed and felt it dip again as Tony crawled in on the other side.  He sighed and scooted over, cupping the back of Steve’s head and pulling him close.  Steve burrowed his nose into Tony’s chest, reveling in the heat and musky scent of him.  Tony’s arms wrapped around him, holding him close.  Steve felt a tremor shake through Tony’s body and heard him draw in a shaky, hiccoughing breath.
“Yeah.  Well, just one.  For now,” Steve said carefully, still sculpting his rice.  Honestly, it was just annoying.
To everyone who has been so patient with me, thank you.  I can't tell you how wonderful it is that people are reading along and still invested in this story.  I will finish it, I'm just slow!
He hadn’t planned to rush, he really hadn’t. He’d told himself to take it slow. But the sight waiting for him was too much, and before he really knew what he was doing, his fingers were undoing his fly and pulling out his half-hard cock. He stumbled for the table and reached for the lube, slicking himself up and pumping his cock through his hand a few times for good measure, getting himself to full hardness while he stared at the ass waiting for him in the wall and tried to remember to breathe. It didn’t take long. A few more strokes and he was fully ready.
Tony isn’t thrilled with being trussed up and delivered naked to the barbarian warlord storming through their country, but if it saves his people, he supposes it’s worth it.  At least their leader isn’t dreadful to look upon.  Younger than Tony expected for someone with such a reputation.  He doesn’t expect the man to take his cloak off his shoulders and shield Tony from the watchful eyes of Obie and his men and the other soliders, but he doesn’t flinch when the man touches his cheek.  Later, when the tent is cleared, and they are alone, he’s scared.  Ends up talking too much.  Not that the man he’s been given to as a bribe can understand him.  He doesn’t talk much, anyway, and Tony has no idea what he’s saying when he does, other than he seems to think Tony should eat more of the food he keeps piling in front of him.  Tony’s stomach is way too nervous for that, though he drinks the wine. He’s pretty sure it is from his father’s cellar.
“The company needs this.  I won’t lie.  Look, Tony,” Howard said, stepping back and raking a hand through his hair.  “What else are you going to do?  This way…at least you can be useful.  You can help.  Think of all the people we employ.  Thousands, Tony!  You can help them keep their jobs, put food on their tables…all you have to do is exactly what you were made to do.  What your body wants to do.  I know you think I don’t care about you, but I do.  You
Tony would be thinking about it.  All day. Tony was thinking about now, Steve thought.  Riding up there with his soldiers and the nobles who were accompanying him on this stretch of the journey, Tony would be thinking about Steve, about what Steve was feeling, knowing what Steve desperately needed, how much he ached for Tony’s touch, for any kind of friction or release.
“You don’t owe me an explanation,” Steve said.
“Kevlar?” Rhodey suggested, taking a bite of cranberry muffin.  “You look fine. Well, dorky, but whatever. Go.  You got this.  He’ll love you.  Why wouldn’t he? Okay, well,” Rhodey amended as Tony pulled a face.  “He’ll appreciate that you care about Steve, right? I would, if it was me.  You’ll bond over…things to do with Steve that probably don’t involve nudity—”
“Please,” Steve said again.  Tony took that for whatever affirmation he was waiting for and let his hand glide over Steve’s hip, leaving a trail of heat there, before finally taking Steve’s cock in his hand.  Steve sucked in a breath, then blew it out all at once in a breathy moan. It felt amazing. Better than amazing. Heat coiled low, building a wall of pressure that pushed down his length like it was seeking Tony’s hand.  A spurt of pre-come leaked out. Tony rubbed his thumb over the head of Steve’s cock, spreading the fluid over the tip until it glistened. Steve watched his cock in Tony’s hand, unable to tear his gaze away. He wanted to thrust, wanted to beg Tony to stroke him, touch him, anything.  Blood pounded in his ears, though he was lightheaded, spiraling with pleasure.
The elevator pinged.  Steve heard the sound, but couldn’t place it at first, or didn’t care to try, he wasn’t sure.  Tony grabbed the front of Steve’s jacket and yanked, maneuvering them both out of the elevator and stumbling into the waiting suite.  Steve had the sense of luxury and space, but couldn’t have told anyone the particulars if his life depended on it. Tony’s hands were on the buttons of his jacket while Steve’s fingers fumbled at Tony’s bowtie, and all Steve could think about was how Tony felt beneath his hands, how Tony was
“You’re making the face again,” Tony observed.  He sounded delighted.
“Absolutely not,” Steve objected as they walked around the building to the small alley where Tony had parked his car earlier in the evening. It was still there. Well, mostly, he amended as he frowned at the missing rims.
“Tony.  Are you sure?” Jarvis asked.
“Oh, right. Brooklyn.  Still bitter, huh?” Rhode laughed, wiping a hand across his mouth.  “I forgot about that.  You and Barnes.  You two ever make it out to L.A. to see them play?”
“I’m going to fix this, Happy,” Steve said firmly.  He heard Happy let out a slow breath of relief.
“They were there because of me,” Tony muttered through his teeth, jaw clenched tight.  “They died because of
“You mean…” Tony broke off, his voice tight and laced with something that sounded almost like regret.  “I think that you should let me bandage that hand, and then get some sleep.”
“I--I think,” Tony began haltingly.  He sat back and looked at the fire for a long moment, then back to Steve.
“I’ll throw you a ticker-tape parade,” Tony retorted listlessly, tearing his gaze away from his father’s hard look.  He needed to get away before he made even more of a fool of himself and did something that really encapsulated the definition of insanity, like plead with Howard not to do this.  It was currently a toss-up between that or just collapsing into a heap and refusing to move for the rest of his life, though, he suspected his father might actually find the latter a bit more acceptable than Tony’s usual behavior.  At least he’d be in the right position.  Fuck.  Fuck, fuck, fuck.  This was happening.  A part of him still couldn’t wrap his head around it.   Maybe he’d wake up, hunched over his desk to find that DUM-E had made him a shake with a bit too much of his mom’s special pills he wasn’t supposed to know about.
Tony swallowed thickly, trying to get past the sudden lump in his throat.  He looked down at the center of Steve’s chest, where the star would blaze from the front of his uniform.  Reaching out, he splayed his gauntleted hand over the space, feeling the rise and fall of Steve’s chest, the uptick of his heartbeat marking the moment Tony touched him.
, about anyone--that was wrong, he knew it was, but it was Tony--
“Cheesecake and the sweet smell of capitalistic greed?  How could I say no to that?” Tony quipped as he threw down his black Amex for the check.
“Just…do what he says, okay, son?  It’ll be easier if you just go along with it.  Don’t—don’t make this harder on yourself than it needs to be,” Howard admonished, though he wouldn’t look at Tony.  There was something lacing his voice that on anyone else, Tony would have called sorrow, but there was too much belligerent hope there, too.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said, taking both and dutifully finishing each before handing the empty glass back to Tony. He used a towel to clean Steve up, then helped him to get under the sheet as he pulled the messy comforter off the bed. There was a blanket thrown over the back of the sofa that sat in the bedroom’s living area, so he grabbed that and spread it out over Steve.
“You’ve been so good. So good, my beautiful one,” Tony murmured, stroking Steve’s cock through the cage.  “I’m going to take this off.  You can come whenever you want.”
“Don’t you fucking sit there and lie to—“ Tony began, anger and frustration and maybe some unwarranted guilt warring for dominance.
“You know they want to pin something on the Ayatollah, Peggy, whether it’s this or something else,” Stane shrugged, glancing at Steve before dropping his gaze back to Peggy.  “Good for business, I suppose,” he grinned. It was full of teeth. Steve wanted to hit him hard enough to knock them out of his mouth. “Just going to,” Stane said, holding up the cigar with a slightly apologetic look.
“Um. The man in there…” Steve began.
“Steve,” Tony husked out, barely a word so much as a moan, but something in Steve exulted at the way it sounded, his name falling from Tony’s lips.  How overcome Tony sounded, just from this.  He rubbed his thumb through the fluid at the head, spreading it around until the tip of Tony’s cock glistened with it, while Tony made sharp, punctuated noises that seemed to burst out of their own volition.  “God, I—fuck,” Tony broke off, hips juddering into Steve’s hand.  “Stop, stop, I need—“ Tony sucked in a long breath and reached down to pinch the base of his cock.  He tipped his head back and let out the breath in a long hiss, then brought his hand up to cup the side of Steve’s head, running his fingers through Steve’s hair in a sort of soothing gesture, though Steve wasn’t sure which of them needed it more.
“Keynote, honey,” Jane corrected.  “But, yes, that’s I.  Me.  I am.  I am me.  Jane Foster.”
“That’s because you arrived on our doorstep with everything you own shoved into a pillowcase.  A Pokemon pillowcase, I might add, which I actually remember sleeping on back in New York.  When we were ten, Steve.   Ten,” Bucky reiterated without taking his eyes from the game.
“He has been Harem Master since my father was a Prince.   I will say that his methods of late—I have raised my concerns with him.  As pleased as I am that you are here, the whole manner of how it was handled is troubling. Perhaps it is time for him to retire.  You could help me select the new Harem Master.  I had not considered it, but it would be good to have the input of someone in your position,” Tony suggested with a slight nod of his head.  “I’ll send word to the training houses that we are in need of a new Har—"
in my chest, all of it, it’s fucked up.  I’m fucked up. What am I even doing, Steve?  Tell me what I’m doing! Because I?  I have no idea, Steve.  None. Look at me, I’m--”  he broke off.  He was shaking, the jittery kind that made his skin crawl and his eyes unable to land on anything and stay there.
“This isn’t about…I’m not projecting my bullshit Daddy issues onto things with Steve,” Tony snapped back, then winced at Jarvis’s look.  “I’m not.”
Something for Tony.  He wanted something for Tony.  A Bonding gift, a ring, a birthday present.  And they were going to watch a movie tonight. He didn’t want a repeat of the Jetsons incident. He should have some ideas ready so he wouldn’t sound like an idiot who had been stuck in a--a cave for years.  He pulled his phone out and typed various searches into the internet search bar.
He could feel the wet spot cooling underneath his thigh.  His cock lay soft between his legs, still throbbing and warm.  Wasn’t this supposed to feel good?  He didn’t feel good.  He felt…queasy, empty.  Wrong.  This was wrong. He was wrong.  Wasn’t that the problem?  God, he was so fucking pathetic.  What kind of Omega jerks himself off when they’re not even in Heat?
Steve looked down, shuffling his feet in embarrassment.
“Do you think he will let me go?  I should very much like to see a mine.  The Deep Illum, they call it. It is the deepest mine in the whole world,” Cam replied, completely unconcerned.  “Mother said spirits live in there and call to people from the center of the world, trying to confuse them so that they get lost.  The King says that is superstitious nonsense.”
They sat like that for awhile, neither speaking, just letting their words hang between them.  Finally, Steve cleared his throat.  “So…Tony Stark…would you like to have a drink with me?” Steve asked, nodding his head in the direction of the food truck.  “I hear that’s how it’s done these days.”
That was it, though, he supposed.  The trail of other things he’d tried and failed that led to even considering the ‘dancers wanted’ ad.  They were going to put me up for a Medal of Honor, he wanted to say.  I was someone.  I mattered.  I didn’t want this life.  I tried other things, but there were appointments and sometimes he needed me to stay with him and sometimes the neighbors called because of the noise and sometimes the landlord called because the left the water running in the sink and it flooded and sometimes and sometimes and sometimes.  I didn’t want it, but I wouldn’t trade it, because he’s still the best part of me, even if he can’t see that and no one else can see that and sometimes I can’t, either, and that’s the worst part. He didn’t say any of that, of course.  It didn’t make a difference now.
“I’m glad I’m back, too.  I missed you, Tony,” Steve said, looking out the window. It was dark enough that Tony could catch Steve’s reflection in the glass.  A slight frown.   Brow pulled together.  Tense.  But, when he actually turned to look at Tony, that all seemed to melt away, making Tony’s breath catch in his throat with a click before he plastered his eyes back to the road.  Quiet, Tony thought, wondering again what that meant to Steve.
Honestly, this was fucking California.  Where were the God-damned earthquakes when you needed one?  This was false advertising, is what it was.
“Stark.  We all share your concern for our Captain,” Thor said, low and calm, but with a hint of warning behind it.
“Is that what’s going to happen?” Steve asked rhetorically, giving Tony a knowing look.  “Things are going to settle?”
Steve followed, slowly, stiffly, ignoring the curious stares from the crowd.  His body still ached and stung, but the soreness was a dull throb now.  The drumbeat of pain and pressure on his cock had faded almost as soon as Tony touched him, swirling low and warm in his belly, just behind where his cock strained against its cage.  He ignored it as best he could, and hoped he managed to walk as if the only thing wrong was a result of a long carriage ride.   Only Tony would know differently, Steve thought, feeling the familiar burst of soothing warmth at the thought.
“Schwinn, I think,” Steve replied.  Tony blinked owlishly at him for a moment, like it took him a beat to process that, then seemed to still himself to near motionlessness, like if he moved at all he would squirm.  It was kind of adorable—no, wait, that wasn’t the word—that was a ridiculous thought—refreshing.  It was refreshing to see Tony thrown a bit off-kilter, Steve thought, if for no other reason than it was just nice it wasn’t him this once.
“We really will get you another one,” Steve promised.
, and Steve’s whole body jerked like a livewire.
?  With them?
“Ha-ha,” Tony replied flatly.  “Don’t encourage him,” he admonished Pepper, who was already happily emailing Rhodey what was, no doubt, an MTA bus schedule.
Everyone sort of went still and quiet, holding their breath while they looked at Barnes, who was alternately glaring at Rhodey and Tony and giving Nat a narrow, side-eyed look.
“Maybe he sent Lucien to the mines and a bird will shit on his head,” Cam added thoughtfully, then grinned.
His eyes dropped back to the framed check, and the words there, and he thought about how he’d meant them when he wrote them, and before, back on that balcony.  He’d meant them then, too, only he hadn’t known how much.  And now? Now, he thought as he toyed with the ring on his finger, now, he meant them more than anything.
“Do you have three hours?” Tony asked with a grin.  “They’re trying asteroseismology on it.  Looking at it’s internal structure using different oscillation modes to penetrate to different depths.  See, if we linearly perturb the equations defining the mechanical equilibrium of a star, and assuming that the perturbations are adiabatic, we get four differential equations. The solutions give the frequency and structure of a star's modes of oscillation.   Then we can—uh, sorry.  Sorry, that’s…I’m terrible at this.  I know.  I
Oh, Tony thought.  Okay.  Not that he was opposed, exactly.  Last night had been…unexpected, to say the least.  He hadn’t expected to enjoy anything about playing tribute to some passing warlord, but Steve had been oddly tender with him, treating Tony like some kind of breakable bit of glass that was close to shattering until right at the end when lust had finally overtaken him. Though, even then, Tony remembered, catching his lip between his teeth…even then, it had been good in a way that Tony hadn’t realized it could be, at least not for him.
He reached the window and pulled back on the curtain.  It was almost like his memory had somehow sprung to life or altered reality to fit it.  Steve was standing on the deck, staring out at the night.  His hands were clasped behind his back, feet spread apart, his posture rigid.  Tony had been around enough military members to recognize a parade rest stance when he saw it.  At ease, soldier, Tony thought with a frown.  Tony brought the mug to his lips, then stopped, drawing it back.
“No!” Steve shouted, struggling against the guards’ grip, though he knew it was of no use.
He watched Tony’s throat work with the effort of swallowing. His thrusts slowed, until he finally stilled, waiting.
What had changed though?  If Steve had really spent months trying to get Tony’s attention, why suddenly settle for, well, that kind of attention?  Steve was hardly the fuck-and-run kind, which, dear Lord, do not pick at that thread, he told himself sternly.  That was jumping way too far ahead.
Above him, the man abruptly stood up, the bench scraping across the dais behind him as he moved.  Disquiet rippled through the tent.  Obie’s men had no weapons, part of the requirements for entering the warlord’s camp, and they seemed suddenly very aware of that, as hands danced over empty scabbards.  A low rumble grew, and then the man bit out some word that had the definite air of a command, and the tent fell silent as he stopped in front of Tony.  He looked Tony up and down, once, then reached up and shrugged the big fur off his shoulders, wrapping it around Tony instead.  Tony nearly sagged with relief, though he didn’t, meeting the man’s sharp-eyed gaze instead.
, at least not with Tony, which was fine, of course.  Tony didn’t particularly relish the idea either, and at least he had the suppressants now. That was something, he supposed.  All in all, maybe this was actually not a bad scenario, he considered.  Steve got to look all homey and settled to the brass, and Tony got to be left alone to…wither and die in holy fuck what was this Grizzly Adams backwoods Laura Ingalls bullshit?
More than anything, Tony wanted to rewind the day to arguing about aliens and spending a great deal of effort not thinking about The Event, which had seemed the day’s biggest issue until this conversation grabbed the car keys and took a joyride to Mirkwood.
do not.  I will do this for you.  You must not touch money,” Cam told him and opened the pouch, carefully counting out the coins inside.  Mostly copper, though there were a few shinier pieces, even a few circles of gold bearing the royal seal.
“General Ross should not have said what he said,” Tony cut in, a deep frown marring his face. “We will talk about it later, when your head is clear and not when it is filled with whatever you have been telling yourself while you waited for me,” Tony told him, then sighed, tilting his head. “That is not what tonight is for. And, I think, not what you want right now, either.”
“Fine,” Steve replied.
“Dugan got a letter?” Steve asked, though the answer was obvious. He should probably attempt to feign some kind of surprise, but knew the effort would be wasted on Bucky.
“After a brief discussion, he decided to resign from his position,” Pepper informed him.
“I know,” Steve said quickly, cutting him off.
“Vitamin C,” Tony said weakly.
Sitting up like that, the Stranger’s head brushed the cave’s ceiling where it sloped towards the back.  He will be tall when he stands, Anto thought, though he kept his gaze down, focusing on the poultice wrapped in strips of grass he carried.  Thus far, the Stranger had only managed to hobble around to the mouth of the cave when he needed to make his water, and he always had to bend and hunch to avoid hitting his head.  But, the splint of deer bone and sticks that Anto had made for the Stranger’s leg was off now, and when he stood, Anto thought he would be the tallest person Anto had ever seen. Taller than Anto, to be sure, but he was Omega, and the Stranger was Alpha, so that was to be expected.  Taller than any Clan, though, even Tyber, and he was the biggest Alpha Anto had seen.
“I am one hot blob,” Kirk observed.  “Look at me.  Damn.  Even all swirly and…line-y, I look good.”
“Yes, ma’am.  Guess it
Tony swam the short distance over to Steve and he, too, laid his head against the side of the rock, his gaze dark and intense as his eyes roved over Steve’s face. Sometimes, like now, Steve could feel the weight of Tony’s scrutiny. Not unpleasant. The opposite, in fact. Sometimes, it felt like Tony was the only one who
“Your skirmisher units were too far from what would likely be the main front of any assault.  Here,” Steve leaned forward and pointed.  “And here, where they’d have supply line access and your defenses are weakest because of the river, which leaves you with too much line to properly defend and which presents a problem, since it could be dammed upriver and the whole basin flooded, which would make your heavy cavalry and mounted archers ineffective.”
“You don’t have do to that, Tony,” Steve replied.  Tony could hear the, not weariness, not really, but a sort of burnt-out edge to Steve’s voice, the way a used matched crumbles into ash when it is finally just done.
Huge thank you to everyone who has read, left a kudos or a comment.  Much appreciated.  If you are wondering, I anticipate one more substantive chapter, a porn chapter and an epilogue, though that is all subject to change, of course.
“You got it paid back?” Tony finally husked out, voice quavering as it rose in question. His hand dropped off the doorknob as he slowly turned around to face Steve. “That's not possible.”
Though, honestly, Steve would look fantastic in his military dress uniform at the cerem—
Steve was lying on the surgical table, surrounded by a gauntlet of doctors and nurses holding long, thin metal instruments made for cutting.  His hair was mussed. It stuck up in spikes at the crown and was slicked down with sweat on the sides.  That was the first thing Tony noticed.  Something inconsequential, but off.  His gaze trailed down the rest of Steve’s form, taking it all in, or trying to.
“I’m…we’re going to dinner tonight.  We’ll talk.  I’ve got a whole…plan,” Tony insisted.
“What
“I think I’m entitled at this point, Pegs,”  he informed the sketch, sucking in a breath and pulling the quilt closer around his shoulders.
“I would very much like to take you to bed now,” Tony said, voice low and strained, not taking his eyes off the vista.  It occurred to Steve that he could still say no to this, get dressed and walk away.  He was honestly oddly certain that Tony would still pay him the generous amount he’d offered, just for this and nothing more.  He couldn’t say how he knew that, but he was sure of it.
“The kind of place one might go to if, say, one wanted to indulge in something anonymous with other like-minded people who also value anonymity,” Tony replied. He was watching Steve carefully now, whatever lack of sharpness that had been there earlier entirely gone. “The kind of place where you can use someone as much as you want, as much as you
“Steeeeve,” Tony moaned, throwing his hands up in the air and letting them slam back down on the bed with a loud smack.  “You let them tell the world Captain America was found so…so they wouldn’t be mean to me?” Tony spluttered.
“You are always mine,” Steve growled roughly, an edge of possessiveness stoking something sharp up his spine and into his chest. “Always were. The gods marked you so I would know it.”
“I’m gonna clean it, keep your panties on, Stevie,” Barnes said with a slight sigh when Steve appeared in the doorway.  “Just some leftover paint and shit from that warehouse down near Harmon. By the one that burned down? They’re making it into some kind of ‘industrial chic’ club or something,” Barnes replied, rolling his eyes as he put the words in air quotes.  “I know it’s not the stuff you like, but I thought maybe you could do something with it, I don’t know.  Spruce the place up a bit or something.  It was free, whatever.  Throw ‘em out if you don’t want them, geez.”
an insidious voice whispered.  “Tony stayed the whole night, it was just the morning---I guess he probably had some place to be, you know, with his schedule and all.  Besides, it--it would have been awkward, right?  I mean, how do you… just say good-bye after--after something like that?  I’m sure he just didn’t want to… have to do that,” Steve finished lamely.
“So, I’m, what?  Doing my part for Uncle Sam?” Tony asked, more caustically than he’d intended.  He turned to look out the tinted window again, where the most interesting thing was a billboard advertising a new kind of Whopper.
“Absolutely not,” Rhodey said, grabbing the thermos and twisting the cap back on.  “You have some kind of heart attack on this stuff and suddenly I’m responsible for cutting off the caffeine supply to millions of exam-taking college kids around the world when your Alpha goes all Last Unicorn on our friend Red Bull here.”
“Nor I, you,” Steve said quietly.
“Christ,” Steve said with a sigh, wiping a hand over his face.  “When did you…” he stopped and shook his head.
Anto was healer, as Maara had been before him, and it wasn’t in him to simply leave the Stranger to his fate, as the clan wanted.  But, it wasn’t his decision. He was healer, and that gave him status, but Tyber was clan leader, and Tyber had wanted to kill him, Anto remembered.  There was little anyone could do to dissuade him, and certainly nothing Anto could do. The more Anto pleaded with him to let him do something, even just give the man water from his bag, the more Tyber grew rigid and angry at being questioned.  They were making the rest of the clan uncomfortable. Clan didn’t argue. There was rarely a need to yell or raise voices. Everyone understood too much what was going on for there to be misunderstandings, and the clan’s structure was very clear.  Everyone had their roles. Anto had known that he was overstepping by trying to bargain with Tyber. He had known Tyber would punish him for it. He had also known, though it had come after years of failing to see, that Tyber both loathed and wanted this from him, even as he berated Anto for it.   He didn’t know why he kept doing it to himself. He had not been able to simply walk away from the man, though. Maara had not left him, when she could have and her life would have been much easier for it, though he knew she would have, if she had been told to.
“Tony, God, please, please, I need, please, I need you. Please,  please, Tony,” Steve rushed out, squeezing his eyes shut and trying to draw his legs together, hands going to his aching cock only to be pushed away.  Tony reached over to the small table by the bed, where the candle flickered and glowed.  Steve turned his head, blinked and tried to focus, but sweat had salted his eyes, making them burn ad blur.
Steve tore his mouth from Tony’s, and for a second, Tony couldn’t process the sudden loss.  He just knew he needed more.  He stretched up, using his hold on Steve’s arms for leverage and nudged at Steve’s mouth beseechingly with his own.  He wanted Steve.  Wanted him with a desperate, consuming need.  He wanted Steve to want him the same way.  Please, Tony thought.  Please, please, please.
Tony ran a hand through his hair, then brought it down, scrubbing his face with it and taking a deep breath, more to buy himself some time than anything.  What could he say, anyway?  Pretty sure you are, Cap, considering how much you seem to like shoving your dick in my ass?  Probably not the best approach, all things considered.  And Pepper claimed he lacked tact.
He was almost back to his room before he pivoted on his heel and walked towards the front door, putting his mug down on the kitchen table as he passed. He grabbed the quilt from the back of the sofa, tossed it over his shoulders and pushed the door open.  Steve turned to watch him walk up to the deck, his posture relaxing as Tony approached.
“You’ve told me what your team would have done when the war ended. Now, tell me what it is you would have wanted to do when your soldiering days were behind you?  What did you dream of, hmmm? There must have been something,” Tony said, then smiled encouragingly. “Come now, I told you how I fancied being a knight, slaying dragons and fire wyrms and such.”
“Be an artist,” Steve blurted out.  That was true enough.  “I mean, there’s no way I could have, of course, it’s…what use is there for that kind of thing? Painted shields and leathers, maybe, but…” he trailed off, shaking his head, though Tony had canted his head to the side and was regarding him with a look of utter delight.
Tony’s eyes burned.  He wiped his sleeve over them and sucked in a breath.  A wave of misery and self-loathing hit him and he blinked against the sting of it, then closed his eyes with a sigh.  What the hell was he doing?  Ty said something about them, how they were destined for greatness, how they complimented each other, how they pushed each other, made each other better, but it was all bullshit.  What was so great about huddling on the floor hoping your not-boyfriend would notice you were missing and care enough to come look for you?
Steve let out a laugh, covered it with a cough and thanked Nat, who shot an annoyed look at Bucky.
A large, cushioned chair sat on a slightly raised dais in the middle of a semi-circle of smaller chairs, and next to it, a flat silk pillow atop an ottoman, festooned with fringe at each corner.  A long table filled with foods, casks of wine and pitchers of water stood to one side, where collared slaves in simple, tan robes waited to serve Tony and his entourage.  Two of them were pushing a hand crank around and around, apparently causing the long arms of the fan that hung in the center of the pavilion’s ceiling to slowly turn, sending small trails of blessed air through the pavilion.
“I know---the night before last…that was, well. That was extraordinary, is what it was,” Tony said quickly, then flattened his mouth into a thin line before continuing.  “But, what I mean to say is, that was—that was quite a lot. For you. You’ve been so wound up these past few weeks, I—I know it has been building. It was bound to come to a head.  Though, I did not expect it that night or else I never would have left you, party be damned. I can’t say I was entirely surprised, however. This journey…” he trailed off, frowning and looking away, towards the fireplace where a few embers still crackled.  “It isn’t that I don’t see how difficult all of this is for you. I know it is not easy on you to be a part of this. To accept it. To be…what you must be for everyone else. I know that. I—it is asking a lot of you. Perhaps too much. Perhaps I am being selfish, to insist you join me in this, I don’t know,” he finished, letting his head fall back against the pillow.
“Ready?” Steve asked, and Cam nodded, bobbing his head with an excited nervousness and twisting his hands in his robes.  Steve wasn’t sure what they were supposed to do now, but Cam apparently had been given some instructions, because he immediately went and pulled another one of the bell cords, this one hanging by the door, and a few moments later, then a guard opened the door and stood back to wait for Steve and Cam to pass.
“Oh, and you ought to know…there’s a mutuality clause in there. Stark’s doing,” she added.
“You want to share Pleasures?” Steve asked. His voice was low and thick, the words rough, like they almost hurt to say.  Tony nodded. “Are you sure?”
“It—it means a lot to me, too, Tony,” Steve replied, clearing his throat.  He didn’t want to talk anymore. Whatever he was going to say curdled in his stomach.
“Yeah. Sorry,” Steve sighed, swiping a hand over his mouth. “It started a couple of years ago.”
“Shall we?” Steve asked, nodding to where Coulson was holding the elevator for them.
“It’s a nice enough day.  We could go down to the pond. Make a picnic out of it,” Steve suggested.
“Two out of three?” Barnes replied after a long pause.
“How did you--”
“This was ours,” Steve said as they came to the small pile that had once been his home. If he closed his eyes, he could still see the curtains his mother had sewn billowing with the breeze off the water.  She had dyed them a dark blue, and Steve had told her it was the same color as her eyes.  He remembered her smile at that, how she had rubbed his back and kissed the top of his head, and how glad he had been to make her happy.  One of the few things his sickly body had allowed him to do, trapped there in the home that was his world, he could find the beauty in anything, and her most of all.
“You were very young, and under a great deal of worry at the time, I should think,” Tony replied.
, Bucky’s voice sounded in his head.  Steve let out a sigh and allowed Cam to add circles of gold to his arms, though he balked at the ear cuffs with their delicate chains and glints of jewels.
“Look.  I can imagine how it is, don’t get me wrong.  You’ve got a new Omega.  You want to impress him, keep him happy.  I mean, look at him!  He’s beautiful, of course you do! Not the first Alpha to find himself doing crazy things right after Bonding, am I right?  You just gotta…well, slow down a bit, is all I’m saying.  Take the foot off the gas, you know?  We keep this business at SHIELD quiet, no harm, no foul,” Obie suggested with a knowing look.  “I mean, SHIELD, they’re one thing.  You’re there and all.  But the US Military?  Well, now, that’s another.  They aren’t going to buy weapons designed by an Omega.  Just aren’t going to do it.  I don’t care who you know.”
,” Anthony said, curling up next to him.
“This is Steve. He’s my Omega. We’re bonded,” Tony announced to Fury as he stepped out of the elevator.
“Well.  You.  See, you can’t just say stuff like that and expect me to walk away!  Doesn’t work that way.
Having Steve by his side…it smoothed away all the hard edges.  They weren’t gone, of course. The hard things were still there.  Afghanistan. Obie. His panic attacks and nightmares. His workshop full of apologies.  Everything was still there. But, they didn’t seem as insurmountable as they had just a few days ago, and that was down to Steve, no way around it.  He could go back to how things were before if he had to, but, God, he didn’t want to. He wanted this, with Steve, where it was smoother, easier, just a little easier, but enough.
“There was a…miscommunication with the agency.  Don’t worry, I took care of it,” Tony replied hurriedly.  “My fault.  It won’t happen again. I know it’s late, and if you want me to send Happy, I will, but weren’t you supposed to spend time with your mom today?” Tony asked softly.
“Are you kidding?  Believe me, the more people see of you, the better I look,” Tony grumbled, scratching at the side of his mouth with his fingertip.
“And it was so good, Steve. So fucking good, and I’m a selfish bastard and I had just watched them pull you out of the God-damned Potomac, when I wasn’t there to—
“No.  Want to do it anyway?” Tony shot back, a small grin playing at his lips.  Tony was rubbing the cloth over Steve’s arm now, up and down, then across his chest to the other in long, slow strokes.  It felt good.  Tony knew he liked to be touched, needed it sometimes, like this, like Tony’s hands could draw something out of him, though Steve didn’t really question why or how Tony knew.  He just sank into the sensation, letting himself go weightless. Floating.
“Of course,” Tony gutted out, though the words sounded garbled to his own ears. His phone shook in his pocket again, and this time, it was a lifeline. “I, ah. I have to take this, anyway,” Tony mumbled, stepping backwards towards the stair rail and digging into his coat for the phone. He caught the woman's knowing blue eyes as she pushed the door closed, but was already rushing down the stairs, escaping as much as anything, before he registered the sympathy.
“Tough spot for a kid,” Kirk commented in a slow, cautious tone.  “Must be hard on you, too.  Watching all that.  Getting attached.  Involved and all.”
“Blind people, mostly, I assume,” Stark said, half under his breath, and Steve let out a surprised chuckle that he hid under a cough.
“I’m not going anywhere, Tony. I promise,” Steve said more firmly into the silence.  “Now, sleep,” Steve ordered, though it came out gentler than it had sounded in his head.  This time, Tony obeyed, or the drugs made the decision for him.  Either way, Steve could see Tony’s eyes close and mouth slacken as his breathing evened out.
He listened to them make small talk, mostly about politics, despite Peggy’s admonition. They were steeped in it, he supposed, and by this point, he wondered if they had much else left to talk about other than their shared history and world affairs.  Somewhere along the line, gradually, probably, without anyone really noticing, their relationship, once so tightly wound, had been reduced to idle small talk.  They weren’t the same people Steve had known in the war.  They weren’t the same people each of them had come to know.
“Okay, but…” Tony started, shaking his head a bit in Steve’s hands.
Finally, Tony’s hands left him, and Steve jolted forward, like breaking the surface of the water and coming up for air.  He was still floating, but on the surface now, which was good, because Tony was watching him with a keen focus, the way Tony did when he was good.  He liked that, too. Tony’s attention on him.  He’d liked showing off a bit for Tony, showing what he could do, though in his head, he wasn’t sure if he meant the sparring demonstration or this.
“All that stuff when he was a kid, and he couldn’t do shit, then he grows out of most of it.  Now, he’s back where he started, see?  Body that won’t work right. Won’t let him do what he wants.  Gets in his head, sometimes,” Barnes continued, tone going almost pleading.  “So, don’t coddle him about it. But, you gotta kinda figure out where it’s an issue for him and work around it.  Repetitive motion’s bad for the nerves and tendons, so don’t ask him to do more than he has to, because the stubborn ass won’t say no.  Back goes wonky sometimes, like for no reason.  I don’t know.  He doesn’t know.  Just happens.  He’s had three surgeries on it, and each time, they say he’s gonna be fine, but then the VA, they only pay for so much physical therapy, and meanwhile, he’s got to go back to work, so.  But, God forbid you suggest he slow it down a little, you know? That’s not Steve, so don’t even bother.  Just gets all full a’piss about it, trust me.”
“I did,” Tony admitted. He didn't sound like he felt particularly guilty about it.
Steve was gone. That’s what he’d wanted.  Not like that, though.  Fuck. FUCK.  They’d been having a good time.  A great time.  Of course, Tony had to go and ruin everything because he couldn’t control his body or his damn mouth.
“Yes, please don’t,” Pepper added.
It had felt good, winning at life. Showing up here in his fancy car and bespoke suit and confirming everything he’d wanted to believe about what life after Tony had looked like for Steve, but there was winning and then there was seeing folder after folder of what it looked like to struggle, and why? Why had Stevev even going into the Army in the first place? All that money, he surely hadn’t needed to, so was it some sense of duty? Maybe, okay, fine. 9/11 had changed a lot of things, Tony could freely admit, so maybe it had transformed Steve’s practicality into a calling, who knew? Still, whatever the reason, winning at life looked a hell of a lot more like not playing when you had a box of medical forms staring you in the face.
Steve started with a slight jolt, his eyes going wide. Tony’s hand was on Steve’s cheek now, gently cupping under Steve’s chin. Tony’s touch held him in place as surely as any chain.  He was hard, his cock straining against his pants, his insides melting into a liquid heat that pulsed down his cock and pooled at the head.  This, Steve thought. This is what I dream about. Him.  His mouth. His teeth.  Sinking in, piercing, penetrating, sucking, Steve remembered dazedly, the room suddenly almost unbearably warm.
“I do!” Tony reiterated at Rhodey's pointed look. “Alright. I'm going.”
“Well, that’s how pretty much how I remember it,” Tony replied.
He looked down at the reactor glowing blue in his chest.  He could. It would power the ship and keep his heart protected, at least until the palladium core decayed, though with the ship draining the power, even with all the non-essential systems offline, it wouldn’t be long.  He could, though. It would buy time. Time to fix things, if they could be fixed. Figure out how to get home. It could--it
“As long as I can still laugh at the Church Lady,” Tony quipped with a burst of relief.  “Kids, money, religion…” Tony reeled off.  “Guess that leaves sex.”
“He likes you,” Cam added with an eager, bright grin.  “I could tell.”
“Sure. Of course,” Natasha responded quickly.
Steve was shaking his head, helpless dread flooding through him.  God, he had screwed this whole thing up somehow.  And now, apparently, ruined Tony’s life, too, like he was some kind of virus that destroyed everything he touched.
“I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...” Steve broke off, voice sounding rough and wrung out, like he'd been running for miles and still had miles to go. “I'm sorry this whole agreement thing got sprung on you like that. I didn't know Matt was going to include it. It wasn't an exit strategy, Tony. It was just your Dad tryin' to look out for you. I'm sorry you can't see that, but that's all it was. You want to be pissed about that or the money or whatever it is, be pissed at me. Howard was just trying to help,” Steve told him, giving him a look, all earnest and solemn, like he actually believed that, which, of everything, might have been the last straw.
“No,” Steve replied, too quickly.  “No,” he repeated more firmly at Tony’s dubious look.  “It looks like it missed anything vital.  But.  Well, it’s still bleeding. Just a little.  I don’t have much of anything to pack and wrap it with though.  Nothing remotely sterile at any rate.”  The first thing he’d done after getting Tony settled was inventory the cabin, which had taken a depressingly short amount of time.  “Your kingdom for some duct tape,” Steve said with a shrug of his shoulders that he should have instantly regretted, but Tony smiled at that, and Steve decided it was worth it.
.  He felt light, buoyant, like he could actually take this on and maybe figure out a way to really do it.
“I—don’t know what that means, but I’ll take it as a yes,” Steve replied.
“Actually,” Steve said, interjecting quickly before she could hang up. “I’m a previous client for, um. Room Six. From a couple of years ago. I was wondering if the other person was still, ah. If he was still using that room, and if—if he’d be available. Today. Now. If possible.”
It sounded weak to his own ears.  Probably because it wasn’t true. It was exactly what it looked like.  It was Tony being too busy playing around to notice that his CFO was stepping out with terrorists, but he doubted Everhart would put it quite that kindly.  It was also, admittedly, a paper trail leading right back to Tony, which of course, was exactly what Obie had intended all along, and it was a much longer conversation with Steve than what needed to happen standing here in the middle of the hotel.
Tony’s hands finally trailed down Steve’s back and over his ass, cupping his cheeks. His cock jumped.  A bead of watery pre-come appeared at the head, dripping down onto Tony’s shirt. Tony’s eyes followed it, then he looked back up at Steve, his mouth parted, breath coming in pants as his hands massaged Steve’s cheeks.
“Master Sgt. Camp is in Recovery, Captain. He’s going to be fine.  He’s very sorry, by the way, and will be dealt with—ah,” Fury broke off.  “He’s in a remote, but highly secure classified loca—aw, fuck, Stark!” Fury shouted as Tony raised his gauntleted hands because, really, if Fury thought locking him in was actually going to work, the man was even more of an incompetent prick than Tony had thought.
“He is awake, my King, but not moving very much this morning,” Cam said with a dramatic sigh as he walked over to where Tony stood by a table laden with foodstuffs and started plucking various bits from the trays to put on his plate.
“I’ll let him flip a couple of cars in the parking lot or whatever, and it’ll be fine,” Tony hummed, then pursed his lips and tapped a finger to the side of his cheek. “He likes that. Says its relaxing. I’m fairly sure he’s screwing with me, ‘cause he has this weird sense of humor that’s almost like dad jokes, but with more violence, so I don’t—”
“Sorry, it’s…” Steve started, waving a hand over the space on the dock under their feet.  “Here, I’ll just--I’ll get the blanket, hang on.”
“So. SHIELD, huh?” Barnes said.
“They do clean the place, Tony,” Steve huffed around a grin.
“She’s been home since they put her in your arms,” Steve whispered, his voice going tight.  “Like her old man in that, I guess.”  Tony glanced over at him, then put his other hand on top of Steve’s and squeezed, biting his lip and dropping his gaze for a moment.  There was so much he wanted to say to Steve.  Needed to say.  Words seemed like small, infinitesimal things, though. How to say what he meant, what he was feeling, what Steve was to him, this wonderful, amazing man who loved him, stood beside him, no matter what, and gave him a daughter and dish soap?
“How did you—no.  Nevermind.  I don’t want to know,” Steve replied.  “How’s--how’s Rhodey?”
“It was symbolic?” Tony offered in a high-pitched voice while Steve huffed out a low chuckle.
“Wait, what?” Tony blurted out, coming to a halt and looking back and forth between where Steve and Bucky lounged on the sectional.
“May I have a shield?” Steve asked, cutting him off.
“It wasn’t a lie,” Steve told him, a weary, calm acceptance seeping into his voice. “It wasn’t a lie, Tony, but this—what do you think will happen to us if you send your fleet after ships sailing for the Free States? Do you suppose we will just… continue to argue philosophy over dinner while your army sails to crush my home and turn its people into fodder for your slave markets? How do you think this—
“It’s different, J. Come on, you know it’s different,” Tony replied softly, looking down at Neil’s smiling face, currently admonishing him that knowing how to think empowers you far beyond those who know only what to think.  Honestly, Neil, I’d settle for knowing what to think at this point, Tony thought with a frustrated pang.
Surely, if people knew such a place as this existed, he would know of it.
“It’s alright.  The story is fairly well known, anyway.  Their ship went down on their way back from a trip to Lyema,” Tony replied.  “A simple pleasure cruise up the coast.  They weren’t even out of our own waters.  The naval ships accompanying them had to keep to the sea, but my mother loved to watch the shore go by and wave to the villagers and crofters who came out to toss flowers into the sea, so they took the cog.  No one knows what happened.  An unmarked shoal.   Some defect to the ship itself.  I don’t know.  All they found was wreckage.”
“I don’t want you to!  I never did, not really,” Tony said, rubbing at his face with his hands to shake off the haze of emotions.  “It’s always been you for me.  I’m—I’m pretty sure it always will be.  If you want me.”
doing it.  So, why does this feel like I missed the whole point?
about Tony getting all twisted up thinking about it.  He would be hard and ready by the time he got here, Tony knew from experience.  Maybe they wouldn’t even make the bed.  He’d gotten carpet burns once, though Steve felt terrible about it the next day.
One side of Steve’s mouth quirked up.  “It’s wasteful not to,” Steve admonished, though his eyes were twinkling merrily, like he’d just watched the one good prize from those claw machines drop into the prize chute.
The walls came tumbling down, indeed, Tony thought with satisfaction as he looked over the design again.  It was beautiful.  It was spectacular.
Calhoun managed to make a guttural, choked-off sound into the cradle of Steve’s hand where it wrapped around his throat, but that was all that escaped. That, and a wide-eyed stare of utter horror.  Steve slammed him against a bank of lockers hard enough to dent the mental with a satisfying, grinding whine.
“So, tell me your thoughts about the city’s defenses,” Tony urged after a long breath of silence.  His voice was still wavering with tension, and filled with a forced brightness, but Steve latched on to the change of subject like a rope thrown to a drowning man, and wasn’t that apt, he thought with a sigh.
“You—driver,” Barnes said to Tony.  “You—dressed.”
Evening well spent then, Tony thought, though Barnes utter contempt seemed a tad out of proportion, all things considered.  Sure, Barnes was always going to be on Steve’s side, but he could’ve at least acted mildly embarrassed over how things ended up, considering Barnes had probably known all along what was going on, which stung, if only because it made it all the more pathetic that Tony hadn’t seen it for what it was.
“He’s more,” Steve said finally.  As soon as he said it, he realized that was what he’d been trying to wrap his mind around since last night.  How long had it been since he’d met someone who was truly more than they appeared, and not less?  So long, he’d apparently forgotten what it felt like to be pleasantly surprised.  “More complicated.  More determined.  More intelligent.  More caring.  More thoughtful.  More brave.  More stubborn.  More annoying.  More everything.  He’s more than what everyone thinks he is.  More than what he thinks he is.  Just…he’s more.  That’s the best way I can put it.”
“I don’t like this,” Bucky huffed, turning back to his egg, which was now on the overcooked side.
“I know you do,” Steve said.  “You’re really not mad?”
Still, Steve would like to look over and see his ring on Tony’s finger.  That would be nice. It didn’t have to mean anything.  It would just be nice.
“This island…does it have cable already installed or would that need to be added later?” Tony asked evenly.  Steve let his head fall back against the wall behind the bed.  If Steve was going to make this head banging thing a habit, they obviously needed a padded headboard, Tony thought.
“Exactly!” Tony replied happily, then caught Steve’s side-eyed look. “Wait—“
“The car’s perfect. Everything’s perfect. Your…mission, whatever.  I’m sure that was perfect, too,” Tony shot back.  He could practically taste the bitterness on his tongue, a dark, metallic tang. “Was it?  Was it perfect? Was it what you wan—“ Tony broke off, shoving the heel of his hand into his forehead and twisting away.  “Forget it.  I don’t know what I’m saying.”
