He carries me into the bedroom and sets me lovingly on the bed. "Last chance to back out," he warns me.
The cab drops them off and Sherlock bolts inside. He lays out the craft supplies and sets to work. Although John offers several times to help, Sherlock declines. "I'd prefer to do it on my own, if that doesn't offend you," he tells John. "I have an idea, a part of my Mind Palace is dedicated to how I want it to look, but it's a bit difficult to explain."
"In his office kissing Greg," I answer.
John’s only reply is a moan of pain. ‘Did I just rip out my stitches?’
"I deleted that long ago," Sherlock says smugly. "But alright. John, will you go out with me?"
The man stops so suddenly a moment later that Dimmock nearly hits his back. A blonde brown wolf blocks their path, growling ferociously. Behind him, a lanky figure is sitting on the ground. He lifts his head, and Dimmock recognizes Sherlock.
"I'm not pushing you away. Quite the opposite, in fact," I joke as he loops his arms around me.
"Boyfriend? I don't understand."
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, what have you done?” Mycroft demanded as he jogged up too.
"An Army mate of mine named Sebastian Moran," John states.
"Move in with us. We've got lots of space, especially now that John and Sherlock are moving out."
Surprisingly, Sherlock is curled up on the bed crying.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I mean, do I look like I could be a vicar?"
The two approach, Mycroft grabbing his brother to look him over for himself. Dimmock calls his team in to deal with the two bodies, then hustles the couple and Mycroft out of the tunnels.
Sherlock launches himself at John, and it's only John's quick reflexes that allows him to catch the boy. "What are you doing?"
“We?” John repeats. “Sherlock, I can-“ He means to tell the boy no, intends to tell his mate that he has every intention of letting this next dose of pain pills take effect and knock him out for the night, but the boy wants to go to a restaurant, of all things, and he looks so happy that John just can’t tell him no. “I can get changed,” John finishes. “We can go eat as soon as I get changed.”
"No."
John kisses him and Sherlock is again captured with how much he loves this man. "You are the best thing that has ever happened to me," he tells John.
The man bites Mycroft's neck where their bond is located, and Mycroft's shout is loud enough to wake him. His last dream-vision is that of Gregory Lestrade staring down at him lovingly.
"John!" He hears just as he finishes the last sentence of his English paper.
"What do they normally say?"
"John," I whisper, and his eyes fly open.
"Anyway, we have to go look around. I believe I know this place, I've seen it before. Oh, this is wonderful! It's been so dull since...how long have I been bored John? It feels like an eternity!"
“A few. They never lasted longer than a few months, and never with an Omega, though I have helped them through heats as a doctor. What about you?”
"No thanks."
"We don't have a relationship."
"He should be," Sherlock responds optimistically.
"You must be sensitive," John says.
"Now Sherlock, remember we're having a Christmas party tonight."
After accidentally deleting this chapter, I had to rewrite it which took a lot longer. Plus, thanks to all the comments, you guys got s completely different chapter than what I had planned to write. Hope I wrote Alpha!John to your satisfaction.
The pack looks back and forth between us. It's Gregory who finally breaks our standoff. "Hi, I'm Greg Lestrade. Who are you?"
"No, there's nothing to say. I'm not gay!"
"Please don't say it just because I did."
Sherlock vanishes for a few moments, then reappears. "Here's some clothes from the attic. Hopefully they fit."
"Sherlock what are you doing?"
Getting ready is an exhaustive struggle I wasn't prepared for. As it turns out, my ribs hurt like a devil, and I can't stand on one of my legs. Even though I had been trying to get dressed quietly, I fall over onto the bed, making Greg jump awake. The poor man feels obligated to help me, so I do make it downstairs.
"What? Why would you think that?"
"Little girl would be fun. Cute, you know, do all the little dresses and stuff, but I think I'd be bad with the hair stuff. But I think I'd be better prepared to handle a boy."
"One day, I had to have Harry help me with the trash. It was too heavy for me, so I needed her help. My Father came home and saw. He yelled at me, told me I was useless, and hit me. He hit Harry too. I was grounded, but Harry wasn't. That was the beginning."
“No John, we’re supposed to stay in the hospital for a bit longer.”
"Kinder? No, no Sherlock. That...wasn't kind."
The next morning I tell Greg I am refusing to go with Sherlock up to his lab. After a lot of arguing, Mycroft agrees to take me to work with him. Jim decides he wants to come along too, which Mycroft also agreed to. At least one of our hosts is accommodating.
"Hey, can I walk you back to your house?" John asks. At Sherlock's weird look, he elaborates, "Don't worry, I fully know the word 'no.' But the streets of Afghanistan are dangerous for foreigners right now."
"Yeah, I know," John says wearily.
"Yes, please," Sherlock replies, making John stare at him. He's starting to think he likes Sherlock being pregnant, if it means he'll get thanked for doing things.
"Do tell, Brilliant One," John means to sound teasingly rude, but the affection in his tone gives him away.
John leads them throughout the streets of London until they finally stop in front of two buildings. Lestrade begins directing back-up, which he must have called on the way over, ordering his men to split up. John rushes ahead without any thought to his own safety, darting into one of the buildings and running through the hallway. It is only by pure luck that he sees Sherlock as he pushes through a door. Sherlock is in the opposite building, holding a pill to his lips, and John has just enough time to think that his soulmate is truly stupid before pulling his gun and shooting the cabbie dead.
A quiet whimper, off to the right in a dark alley, helps him find the Omega. He plunges into the alley, morphing into his wolf form and snarling. He attacks the wolf that meets him, quickly winning the fight and asserting his dominance. The next two that charge him are knocked out of the way, and they run off yelping.
"Oh, good job Mycroft, you actually caught one of the little thieves. I had assumed it would be the girl, but nevertheless I'm impressed."
Heading to the museum doesn't really seem to help. The young dorky Alpha, Andy, doesn't have an idea of what the code means, and spends most of the time talking about his Omega co-worker he had hoped to date named Soo Lin, who had recently quit. This frustrates John to no end.
John laughs, and the group sits in silence for a while, with no sound except the ferocious scratching of Jim's pencil. When the bell rings, they pull each other up and walk to class. Finally, at the end of day, Jim hands John a sheet of paper.
"Mycroft doesn't like oranges," Sherlock pipes up. Before Lestrade can panic, he adds, "But I do!" Sherlock crosses over to the fridge and pulls out the pie and the cake. "Here's my contribution!" he exclaims, displaying the food proudly for Lestrade's perusal.
"I don't understand," Lestrade says. "If you're sick-"
Mycroft realized he was tracing the silver scars of his burns from that day, so he forced his hands to stop by folding them together. He had gone into the government to prove a point-Mycroft Holmes would never have an Alpha, and he would certainly never have a household full of children to maintain.
"Did you grab extra pants?"
“My name is Greg, you complete tosser. Now get out of my office.”
"No thanks." He leaves, the sweet smell of a Omega following him. Something about that really bothers John, though it takes a minute to realize why. An Omega that smelled that good-he's going into heat. Into heat right now, in a foreign country that doesn't have good relations with the English. At best, the boy will be raped, at worst, murdered. John bolts out the door of the bar, following the Omega into the darkness.
"Why would that matter?"
"A crazed fan?" Lestrade asks.
"Listen, I'm giving you a lot of leeway here. Some poor b*****d is out there covered in Semtex, waiting for you to solve the case, and I'd just like to know- what are we dealing with here?"
Sherlock shrugs. “Several ideas, nothing concrete. It’s rather interesting.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Right, I'm leaving," Mike responds.
John isn’t sure how to respond to that, so he doesn’t even try. Rather, he pops two pain pills in his mouth, swallows them dry, and follows Sherlock down to the taxi.
At a loss for what to do with the Omega and not wanting to get them both killed, John carries the Omega into his house. It's a tiny army house, but easy to protect, and his Omega will be safe. Sherlock's smell permeates the house the moment he closes the door.
.............................................................
“Why? I left you the address.”
.............................................................
Starting to think I know how to write nothing but fluff.
My brow crinkles in confusion. "What?"
"I don't know. It was a bomb, though no one has stepped forward to take credit yet, and we don't believe anyone will. In fact, we're not sure why they targeted this area at all. We are working closely with the police on this, and we hope to have an answer and a person in jail soon."
John feels his throat swell with emotion. "Thanks, guys."
"Please tell me you did not drag me in here simply because you've suddenly decided you're my friend."
A moment later, a blonde brown haired doctor replaces the blonde brown wolf. Ignoring the ginger-haired brother, he whirls and heads to his mate first. "Sherlock, are you alright?"
Sherlock goes to get his tea from John, taking the mug from him and moves to kiss his mate. Mycroft moves faster, grabbing his brother's arm and throwing him back behind him, arm still latched around his brother's wrist, snarling at John.
When Jim and Molly return that evening, both are glowing happily. "We found a job for the day," Molly reports. "Housekeeping for an Omega woman with ten children." John shudders. Another reason why he doesn't want an Alpha-after living on his own like this, he's not sure he wants one child, much less ten.
John falls silent for a while as he thinks about this. “They put you on heat suppressants, didn’t they?”
Dr. Sawyer agrees that there is no medical reason Sherlock must stay in the hospital, and Sherlock is discharged.
“I beg your pardon?”
After a few minutes, John questions, "See anything you like?"
The slam of the downstairs door is the only response. Dimmock swears, chasing off after Sherlock.
In case anyone was wondering, Lestrade's referring to Mycroft as an Alpha ("Yup, that Big Brother bloke is one terrifying Alpha") was done on purpose. I believe that Mycroft would present himself as an Alpha as much as possible, and so Lestrade just believes that he is one. That's the reason why I've said how Mycroft was Alpha-like in the past.
Christmas had come to England, and much to Sherlock's chagrin had come to 221B as well. John had gotten into the holiday spirit, decorating their flat with all the Christmas decorations he could possibly fit. Sherlock had tried to explain to John that there wasn't enough space for his experiments, but John didn't care; not even when Sherlock had a strop on the couch.
"What's your name?"
"May I have some, please?"
Once they disembark, John is tackled by an over-exuberant Sebastian. "You're back! You didn't even call or text, you jerk!" He catches sight of Sherlock, releasing John and tackling Sherlock with the energy level of a golden retriever. "Hey! It's the brilliant, sassy Omega kid!"
"Sorry, Sherlock," Greg answers, looking guilty, "I have to take your statement now. I'll make it go as quick as possible, I promise."
"He's bloody gorgeous!"
"Yeah, it's back to the right. Hang on until after breakfast and I'll walk you there."
As Sherlock opens the door, he scoops me up and carries me in. It's a testament to how much I trust this man that I don't flip out.
John watches his best friends' faces carefully. "Do you think the stories are true? Is there really an Alpha out there that can love us in spite of this?" He gestures around the fire vaguely.
"Oh. Sorry," I apologize again.
Mrs. Hudson starts crying the second she sees him. "Oh, Sherlock, Sherlock!" she cries.
"Oh my god, no, that wasn't me!" Molly announces, looking terrified.
"John?" John shakes himself from his fog. His Alpha wolf is demanding a chance to challenge the Detective Inspector who dares to touch and comfort his Omega. It should be his job, but he's valiantly battling these urges because he understands his Omega needs someone other than him to make him feel safe.
"School," Sebastian responds.
"It's all fine."
"No, you don't! If you walk out that door right now, then you don't love me, and don't you dare come back!"
After a few minutes, John sets off in pursuit of Mycroft. "I think he'd be on the widow's peak," Sherlock told John. "I'll climb up and get him."
Sherlock, oblivious, begins. "John Hamish Watson, from the moment I met you I was intrigued by you. You walked into the lab with Mike and I knew you weren't like the others. I never told you, but I winked at you that day because I found you attractive. Then you killed that man for me, and my heart flew. And then when you were flirting with me I panicked and told you I was married to my work. Then Moriarty strapped a bomb to you. Words cannot describe my fear in that moment. I was so scared I would lose you. Since that moment, I've been trying to find the words to tell you that I loved you. And finally, several years later, I found the words. I love you John, and I want to spend the rest of my days with you. Mycroft was wrong, caring is an advantage, at least when it comes to you. Will you marry me, John?"
"Oh yeah? I always thought that was a myth. Neat. Well, John, I can take your bag back to your house if you want. You can go see the boss immediately." He chuckles. "Have fun with that. I'm going to show the kid around. C'mon kid, we're burning daylight." He jogs off. Sherlock jogs off after him, looking amused.
"I have a soulmate, though."
“You’re joking, right? Sherlock, we are not going to break into your brother’s house!” John turns to realize he is talking to air. Sherlock has already begun scaling the fence. “Oh, you’ve got to be kidding!” John grumbles, hoisting himself up the fence.
"You seem fine with your own pack, and you seem to have accepted Greg easily. H**l, you've even accepted Mycroft! Mycroft! But me? You can't let me touch you without shuddering or tensing or some combination of the two!"
"Family," Mycroft repeats, looking dazed, "yes, that is what family does, isn't it? I wish you both a good night."
"Sure." John takes the wallet and leans down a bit to brush his lips against Sherlock's hair. "Love you," he says.
"You do, I assume. You are a doctor."
He tiptoes upstairs quietly, knocking on the door. At John's answer, he cracks the door and wrinkles his nose. "It smells. Mycroft's a lot sicker, then?"
“We will also prepare John to go back to London. It will be for the best for you to be surrounded by family and other loved ones during this time, so we will send you back as soon as John is medically cleared. I do not want to deceive you, your mate has a long and arduous recovery ahead of him. He will need months of physical therapy in order to return his shoulder to normal capacity. There is a possibility that he will never recover the same range of motion in that shoulder as what he had before. But he should have use of the arm, and he is alive.”
"I was thinking of trying to initiate a relationship with my Alpha."
Of course, I wouldn't want to kiss Mycroft because I'm not gay. Men just aren't attractive to me. Yet Sherlock is my soulmate. I stop staring at Mycroft and swivel a bit so I'm staring at Sherlock instead. I mean, his hair is beautiful, and his voice is what some female Omegas would refer to as 'sex personified', but do I find him attractive? Is recognizing someone's sex appeal the same thing as finding them attractive? And even if I find Sherlock attractive, that doesn't mean I want to do anything about it. I mean, I can recognize Jim would be attractive to a female, but I've certainly never felt a desire to date him or even kiss him.
"A bit not good," John answers.
"No, yeah, I mean, yeah, that's great, Sherlock. Eleven it is then."
The group returns to Baker Street and Sherlock texts Mycroft. After a few minutes, he makes a Skype call to his brother.
"Don't want an Alpha, don't wanna be hurt," John slurs through the pain. "Just wanted to go back to safety. With my friends." His head falls back limply.
"Love you too. Bye, son."
"Ah, Mr. Holmes, is it? Look, we didn't take anything, and we're not here to hurt you, so we'll just be leaving now. Come on, Molly."
"Did you mean it?"
"I'm not-" I try to defend myself, but Sherlock is on a roll.
"Eleven?" John repeats incredulously. "Sherlock, you don't even speak to eleven people!"
Mycroft's jaw jumps, but he doesn't acknowledge the odd comment. "Yes, well, thank you for finding him," Mycroft says, finally addressing John and Sebastian. "We need to leave, come on Sherlock." And without another word, the mysterious enigmas that are Sherlock and Mycroft Holmes vanish into the house, leaving a very confused John and Sebastian on their doorstep.
"You're stupid anyway, Omega present or not," retorts Sherlock. John laughs.
"Welcome home, John."
"This isn't working. Mike, get into the sleeping bag with Molly. Hopefully the body heat will help keep us warm," Jim orders. John hears the unzipping of his own bag, and suddenly Jim's body is pressed against his own.
“Oh. I’ll just have to tell you some other time then.”
"You are part of a Perfect Match. Do you know what that is?"
"Not Father?" John questions, sounding a bit surprised.
"Why don't you care about what I'm feeling? Doesn't it matter to you?" he demands.
"Don't be stupid, Graham!"
"Sure. Call me right away if you find anything."
"Hey Johnny, Mike." He sees the fourth of their group, quiet Molly Hooper, and stands up to yell "Yo Molly over here!" John flinches involuntary, which Jim notices but is too polite to comment on.
As soon as I'm out of sight I take off running. Goodbye, Sherlock. I'm sorry I screwed up so badly.
"Oh, go on. I must have gotten something wrong. What was it?"
John gets into the car, reading the file better. Sherlock's vitals are within normal limits, though he's underweight. Surprise, surprise.
Greg comes back in. "Turns out, you're right," he addresses Sherlock.
"Oh yes. My brother's full name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes."
When they arrive at Baker Street, they find Mycroft has made himself at home. He has hot tea and a small plate of snacks for them to eat. Sherlock manages half a cup of tea and two biscuits before he slumps over on top of John snoring, one long arm attached to Mycroft's wrist like a manacle. Mycroft drifts off soon after, head tilted toward his brother in silent supplication. John stays up, bright eyes staring alertly into the darkness for any sign of a threat to his family. None comes, and John drifts off too once the sun begins to peek over the horizon.
"Don't be ridiculous, we're not friends. We're colleagues, and even that we shouldn't be."
Mycroft pushes his brother off him with a look of disgust. "I was going to have him look at a case for me, but that can wait," Mycroft tells John, pushing Sherlock off him as his younger brother lunges for him yet again. "I'll come back later."
"My best friend is missing. Even I have more class than that."
Sherlock’s face morphs into one of sympathy. “Oh, John, I’m sorry. I truly thought leaving a note would be good enough. And you just charged up the stairs and jostled your shoulder…just give me a minute to get the case and we’ll go home.” He turns to Lestrade. “I need the case.”
"You deserve better."
"I think I want the same things you do. To assure John is safe. When he jumped he told us he wanted to return to you, and to keep away from his Alpha. I was rather hoping you would all return and come live with us so John doesn't attempt to hurt himself again. That way you can also reassure yourselves he's alright."
Physical therapy is somewhat entertaining, because Sherlock has apparently decided in his boredom that he must be smarter than the therapists, and sets about bossing John with his own exercises, which he came up with after an experiment. His favorite arm exercise for John is one where John must carry him all around the flat, which consequently isn’t even on the exercise list John was given by the therapists. However, Sherlock argues valiantly that he will not be dropped by his Alpha ever again, so John carries him around until his arms give out and he and Sherlock both collapse on the couch in giggles. John has never had this much fun with therapy in all his life.
Sherlock doesn't answer. "What did they smell like?" Mycroft asks, trying to engage his brother.
Mycroft understands what his brother is saying- Irene was an interest. Not a romantic one, not a friendly one, but an interest all the same, and one that for all rights Sherlock should mourn. But his brother is not mourning, and now he wonders if there's something wrong with him. Mycroft sighs and parrots his father's old adage, "All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage." The words fall flat, and judging from the look on his brother's face, did nothing to help him. Mycroft fumbles and tries again. "Would you care for a cigarette?" he offers.
"One and the same. Who am I addressing?"
Sherlock falls silent moodily, glaring at the wall because he doesn't want to look at John. To look at John is to acknowledge the man's new place in his life, and he certainly won't be doing that.
"Hmmm?"
She laughs. "Not that kind of business. John would be quite angry with me, I believe. Unless he wanted to join in, of course."
Inside the house, Sherlock goes into Mycroft's room. "Mycroft, aren't you coming out? Everyone's here already and-" he freezes as he looks at his brother, who is curled up in the fetal position groaning loudly. "Mycroft, what's wrong?"
Sherlock and John head down to the New Scotland Yard to look over some case information. "I read your blog," Lestrade tells John as they stride through the Yard together. "I like the name of that first case, 'A Study in Pink.' Very aptly named. Of course, it's nice to read about Sherlock's thought process, too, since he won't actually tell me anything he figures out." This last bit is directed at Sherlock with a bit of an elbow thrown into his ribs as well. He ignores Lestrade.
"Sherlock, the scars on your body are suggestive of abuse. We banned Mycroft from the hospital in order to protect you. We want to keep you safe."
"We? I don't want to come with you, it's boring!"
"Definitely not that," John agrees. "So then, you'll be Daddy and I'll be Papa."
"Sherlock!" This time it's a protest.
Sherlock asks me about the time I was up here labeling, and I confess my desire to be a doctor. After that, he quizzes me on different body parts. "What's this, John?" He barks. "It's the only piece of anatomy that matters!" When I correctly identify it, he answers with "Mmm, yes, but I lied to you. This isn't the part that matters. The only thing a professor will care about is this. What is this?" and so on.
Mycroft is already on his way out.
"John?" he questions, slurring a bit.
"Good." Mycroft's tone is dark enough it sends a shiver down John's spine, and he was a soldier, for goodness sakes.
'Wouldn't miss it. Case might take a while to wrap up, if not tonight then I'll come tomorrow after work. -SD'
"Maybe some trousers?" Lestrade replies, his face a study in scarlet as he carefully averts his gaze.
"Let's go!"
Sighing, he decided to just go about this in the best way he knew how. "John, I propose we get married!" he announced grandly.
"Honestly, John, have our cases taught you nothing? Infidelity in a marriage often concludes with the unfaithful person dead."
He walks calmly out to his car, Sherlock and John following, whispers of "Ice Man" following him.
"I usually am," he answers cockily.
"A few days later, Sherlock dhows up at a new scene. Mycroft came with him, stood back a respectable distance, and watched him work. Neither of them introduced him, so I went to chase him off. As soon as I approached, he looked at me and congratulated me on having this job. The second he spoke-oh this is embarrassing-I practically swooned. I knew right then who he was to me. He knew it too. After that, he started intensely courting me. Sending flowers to work for me, sending food, the works. Eventually he started showing up with whatever he brought. After about two weeks he asked me to move in, so I said yes."
The hours pass, though for Sherlock they drag, because his heart yearns to be upstairs with his mate watching over his brother, and instead he is socializing. Finally they have had the requisite bonfire, and Mummy leaves for the night. Lestrade exits soon after because he has work in the morning, and Anthea leaves too after helping Sherlock clean up. "Call me if he gets worse," she requests, and Sherlock agrees.
"I can help you, if you like."
"Wait! Have you seen John?"
“You wanna go home? Lessss do it. Right now. Go hoooome.” He begins struggling to sit up, so Sherlock crosses over to the bed and gently, tenderly pushes him back down.
Lestrade gasps as he sees the burns. "Who did this? Your brother?"
"You are NOT getting into my bed naked."
"No, never! I get bruises sometimes when Mycroft gets a little too...amorous..." he takes one look at John's face and says, "but you probably didn't need to know that. Neither of them have ever hurt me in any way. They're both very kind."
"Fine," he answers, smiling a tiny bit.
Greg clears his throat. “This isn’t your secretary, Mr. Holmes. This is Detective Inspector Lestrade. I’d say it’s nice to finally talk to you, but under the circumstances it’s really not.”
"Yes indeed. The car will take us to Bart's immediately."
"The generic birthday one, which it's not. I didn't think it was, but sometimes it truly is the most obvious solutions that turn out to be right."
Sherlock smirks. "Did you rest well once you got home?"
"Oh John, that's wonderful! I'll tell your father!" There is a pause, and then, "He says congratulations. We were planning to come see you some point next month, let's iron out the details soon, alright. We're just so happy for you!"
“Sorry?” Lestrade is pretty sure he needs to get his ears cleaned, because never in a million years had he thought he would hear Sherlock Holmes say the words ‘I was wrong.’
"Not to sound rude, but exactly how many houses do you have?"
“No, I’m cold.”
John breaks the kiss when air is a necessity and not a minute sooner. “I thought you were dead!”
"Brilliant! That's incredible!"
"I've never played."
"Thanks," John responds, "it's always good to have positive feedback."
“Doesn’t he have it password protected?”
"Yes of course."
"No, I want you to open the safe." The man levels the gun at Sherlock, but Sherlock stares at him cooly, unaffected by the potentially-life-ending weapon that is currently leveled at him.
"Do you know the problem with a disguise, Mr. Holmes? No matter how hard you try, it's always a self-portrait." She leans forward, one arm across her chest as she stares at Sherlock. "Somebody loves you. If I had to punch you, I'd avoid your nose and teeth too." She shoots a knowing, predatory look at John, and he snaps.
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes!" Mycroft's face is currently turning an interesting shade of puce.
"Charming, well done," John comments as soon as the door is closed.
Lestrade angrily rakes his fingers through his hair, then turns to Sherlock who is gaping at him. “What?”
"Of our little boy, yes," Sherlock says. "We chose separate people for our little girl."
By four pm, my hands hurt but my heart is light. I take the notebook, page after page of my past, and rip them up, shred them into tiny little pieces with vicious delight.
Sherlock doesn’t seem affected by Sebastian’s taunts. He doesn’t send any kind of emotional response over the bond, instead, he darts ahead to the mysterious paintings/graffiti they were hired to investigate, bobbing his head this way and that curiously. It’s almost entertaining to watch, John thinks, though the bank employees seem very confused and not at all amused. Their loss.
“Yes,” John answers him, though he’s only staring at Sherlock.
Mycroft yawns then, sufficiently ending the conversation. "I'm tired, and I'm going to bed."
"You're wonderful, Sherlock Holmes."
Lestrade sighs. It’s late, and he’s tired of Sherlock’s cryptic deductions. “It’s late. I haven’t seen my wife in several weeks for longer than a few minutes. I’m going home, and I’ll see you tomorrow.” He walks off before Sherlock can argue.
"Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly." Sherlock relaxes, he can tolerate all those people, all three of them. "And Mycroft."
"So? I don't care about being an Omega, and I deleted it."
John takes this moment to tackle him from behind. His Alpha hormones are screaming at him to protect his mate at all costs, and John does so in the best way he knows how. He barks "Run!" to Sherlock, throwing all the force of his Alpha voice behind the command. Sherlock flees. Shots fire at his back, but Sherlock is faster. He slams into the doors, nearly breaking them down as he flies from the building.
"What about him?"
Whatever threat Sherlock was about to make is smothered against John’s lips and swallowed down his throat. He presses their foreheads together, overwhelmed with the desire to be closer, closer, closer. Sherlock’s hands are sliding up his stomach and he moves his own down Sherlock’s neck, tracing gently. His hands slide down to Sherlock’s collarbone, and he moves his mouth down to follow the trail of his hands as Sherlock releases a gut-wrenching groan as soon as his mouth is released. John’s hands deftly undo the first of Sherlock’s shirt buttons, and Sherlock’s hands fly up. At first, John isn’t sure if Sherlock is protesting or encouraging him, but as soon as Sherlock’s long fingers wrap around his wrist he releases his mate and leans back, giving him space.
"Fine," growls Sherlock. "I'm going to shower. Are you planning to shower tonight?"
He leaves John against the wall looking confused and goes to find his violin. He's snogged John, and that warrants a new violin composition. Suddenly, Sherlock decides he rather enjoyed Christmas, and any time he wanted to hold a party in the future he would not be denied by Sherlock.
"I'm unarmed," Sherlock replies truthfully. The bait has been offered, it is simply a matter of hooking the fish.
I blink, opening my eyes to a strange room. "Where am I?" I was with Jim, Mike, and Molly outside. We ran away because my father abused me, and had been on our own for 3 months.
"I told you already, because I want you. Because I love you."
"On the contrary, I found it quite informative."
Lestrade clears his throat. “Right then. Donovan, put the eyes back! Anderson, put the case down! Everyone else, get out of this house!” After a moment in which everyone rushes to do as they were ordered, he turns to Sherlock. “I am sorry, for what it’s worth. But we need the evidence, and I knew you had already found it. You can’t withhold evidence, we’ve talked about this before. When you find things like this, you are supposed to call us.”
Sherlock moves a bit closer, kissing John. "Goodnight, John."
"You always say such terrible things," Molly says, tearing up, "every time."
"No," he pouts in response. I don't want to call him out on it though, for fear of what he will say.
"Sherlock," John croons, touching his Omega in an attempt to soothe him. Sherlock instantly arches into the touch, leaving hope in John's heart that perhaps everything isn't ruined between them. "Hey," he says. "Wipe those tears, yeah? Sit up and talk to me."
"If you seem slow to me, imagine what ordinary people are like. I'm living in a world full of goldfish."
Jim and I start to drift apart. "I'm still here for you," he tells me in a rare heart-to-heart between the two of us. "I'm just a bit jealous."
Black curls come over the balcony.
Lestrade and John obediently carry the food out to the gorgeous patio, greeting Anthea who is already there. They don't get led inside, which is a shame because Greg really wants to look around. 'Oh well,' he thinks, 'perhaps I can get elusive Big Brother to take me on a tour later.'
Mycroft's face is a picture of shock and discomfort. "Change the subject. Now."
John fixated on one part of her statement, "Sponsor? Who is your sponsor?"
“Yes. Overjoyed. It honestly feels like you complete me, that isn’t just some romantic claptrap I’m spewing. I think I could be happy in London doing some kind of doctoring, and spending every day with you.” He quickly asks the question he’s been dying to know for a while. “Are you, or do you think you could be, happy with me as your mate?”
"A bit, I guess. But cleaning distracts from the Work."
I take a few more deep breaths, release my friends' hands, lock and unlock my fingers, cross and uncross my legs, and realize I'm stalling. "Right, so. Um. I mean, you already know I was, um, hurt," I begin, looking at Sherlock. I take both hands again.  "It was my Father, by the way." Sherlock nods.
"And I, you." They hug, then part reluctantly. "Goodbye, Mycroft."
That night is one of the coldest yet. They have warm clothes, newly stolen, but it's not enough to keep them warm. John lies there with a sinking feeling that if he does get to sleep, he won't wake up.
“Hmmm. Well I was going to tell you guys that I need you to come down to the station tomorrow to give your statements.”
"I need a translation on the graffiti we talked about earlier this week."
He finds his mate outside, shaking from his own adrenaline and quite possibly from fear, too. "John!" the relief is evident in Sherlock's voice, and the boy crashes into him. John staggers from the unexpected weight, and falls to the ground, but he curls his body around his mate's.
"Thank you," John answers, and he enters the room, coming to a halt inside the door. There is a naked woman in the room, touching his mate! John stares at the woman, then glances down at the bowl in his hand. "I've missed something, haven't I?" he asks the room's occupants.
“Great! I’ll text the murderer!” Sherlock literally skips off.
Sherlock shrugs. "I don't."
"Irrelevant." Sherlock rolls his eyes and starts again.
Under the same Afghan moon, John Watson kept getting distracted thinking of the smell of Omega from earlier. The scent had been a mixture of vanilla and strawberries with just a faint hint of something antiseptic beneath, which made him smell even better.
"What did you want to name them?"
“Put those back!”
Now the boys had other issues to worry about besides Irene. They were back at the obstetrician and getting another ultrasound, this time to determine the gender of the baby.
"Speaking."
"Boy," John repeats softly, visions of a curly-haired, blue-eyed tyke running through his mind.
John checks the clock and realizes it will soon be time to leave. Sherlock heads upstairs to pack a suitcase, throwing it together haphazardly.
"Jim Moriarty," the leader introduces. "This is Mike Stamford and Molly Hooper with me. On the couch is our fourth pack member and Sherlock's soulmate John Watson."
"Yeah, sure," John agrees, moving into the kitchen with Sherlock. "Tea?"
Dr. Angelo and Sherlock cleanse John as I watch. Angelo's fingers move professionally over John's body. "One of his ribs is clearly out of place, but it's healed wrong. I have to re-break it so it heals properly. Sherlock, go stand by John's head. Be sure he stays unconscious. Mycroft, come here. I'm going to need help to break the rib." I move obediently next to Dr. Angelo. He shows me what to do, and we work together to break John's rib. The crack is loud in the silent room, and I gasp sympathetically. Angelo manipulates John's rib and wraps bandages around his trunk. "This won't do anything for him, medically speaking," Angelo tells us. "I'm doing it so he knows to expect pain there as he wakes up."
"No, it doesn't matter now. Go ahead, John." Sherlock swings the door open in challenge, glaring at John balefully. "Go get your groceries. I don't have feelings to discuss. I'm a sociopath."
"Come in!" Sherlock shouts.
I nod, then let him alone. As soon as he comes back downstairs, John began stirring.
"Fairly?" Sherlock repeats.
"Yes, this is mine too."
"Sister," Sherlock exclaims angrily. "Always something. Sister!"
Donovan smirks at him. "Whatever you say, boss" and walked back out, pulling the door closed behind her.
As Mycroft banters inanely with Sherlock over which of them upsets Mummy more, his eyes light upon the graying Detective Inspector stalking toward them with purpose. Even from this distance, the man’s chocolate eyes hold Mycroft’s own. There are precious few Alphas that can actually reduce Mycroft Holmes to feeling like an Omega, a scant amount that make him want to promise them the free world. Mycroft knows instantly that Detective Inspector Lestrade is one of the few, and that makes him dangerous. This feeling, combined with the general warmth typically associated with the Alpha who helped Sherlock, was mixing together to be disastrous. Mycroft felt it, and he knew he had to leave. Immediately, before he did something stupid he would regret.
John stands there silently.
That stops him. "Oh. I thought you thought the idea of being with me was distasteful."
"Oh," Molly replies, not sure of what to say.
"Speaking of, when are you planning to inform Mummy you are never going to settle down and bear pups?"
The next time Sherlock wakes up, he wisely takes in his surroundings as much as he can before opening his eyes. Someone else is in the room, based on the breathing he can hear. Somebody had removed the annoying nose tube, but the IV was still in. He was tied down, though, which did not make him happy.
(See the end of the chapter for
He crawls inside of the building without waiting for an answer. Sighing, John crawls in the grate behind him. Sherlock climbs out of the grate first and spots a young woman who can only be Soo Lin.
"Sounds nice," John hums. "I'm surprised your brother invited Lestrade. Thought he was trying to avoid him?"
"Sure you don't."
"So, you're happy?" Sherlock questions, eyes roving over John in an attempt to deduce the truth.
Sherlock screams. The sound is completely inhuman, Sebastian thinks to himself. Then he finds a gun. Where it even came from, Sebastian isn’t sure, but the first person to go down is the man who shot John. A sickly sweet aroma permeates the air, and Sebastian realizes right along with everyone else that Sherlock is going into heat. Renewed fighting occurs as the Alphas struggle to reach Sherlock, but the boy is no stereotypical weak whimpering Omega begging for an Alpha knot. He hefts the gun and shoots anyone that approaches with malicious intent.
"Fine, Sherlock. Your brother's here, he surprised me, that's all."
"Jackpot!" Mike crowed in John's ear. "Zero degree sleeping bags! These will definitely help!"
"Is that what you want? To continue living there?"
"Ordinary people fill their heads with all kinds of rubbish. I delete the useless things so there's space for what matters."
Once he reaches the top floor, John doesn't see his Omega, but the closing door to the roof gives some clue of where he might be. How he managed to open it when he required a key card John will never know, but he leaps at the door and pounds up the stairs.
The bangs are repeated a few more times, and then silence abruptly as sirens fill the air. Lestrade is the first one out of the car, and he moves quickly to where Sherlock is standing proudly by a significantly-battered body. The body is loaded into an ambulance and rushed to Bart's. In the midst of this, something odd occurs to Lestrade, and he turns to Sherlock. "And exactly how many times did he fall out of the window?"
“Do you really believe that’s enough to stop me?” Anthea asks matter-of-factly.
Mycroft doesn't answer, but he turns and physically hauls his younger brother up the stairs. Once Mycroft slams the door and locks it, he turns to his brother.
Unbeknownst to either man, Irene has sent a text message. '747 tomorrow 6:30 pm Heathrow.'
"He found out that day. Very good, Sally."
A short taxi ride later, the three men are tumbling out of the car like puppies out of a box. "Holy- how many people live in this house?" Greg demands, staring up at the opulent mansion.
The man glares at them both. "Like putting a bullet in your brain...sir." Sherlock laughs, moving up the walkway. "They'd pin a medal on me if I did, sir." The American says as an off-handed remark.
"Sebastian taught me how to shoot. I thought it would be easier but it wasn't. He says I did good but I think he's lying. By omission though, because he didn't look left. Either that, or he believes it, which may mean he needs glasses. Shooting your guns are different than the little pistol Mycroft taught me to use, but pistols and the like are more practical in London."
"Don't sell yourself short, Brother Mine," teases Mycroft lightly. "You were a terrible force of nature in your own right, the devil reincarnate."
"No. Once we've determined you're not going to hurt anyone or yourself we will let you out. Threatening to throw things at me didn't help you."
“The signs are all there: his wife has begun an affair. She had the man over last night, and Lestrade came home and found out. I need to see him to deduce how he’s handling it. If he’s contemplating murder, it’s good form for me to talk him out of it, irregardless of how interesting a Detective Inspector could make a murder scene for me. I bet it would be difficult for me to solve.”
'Sleeping, but I did leave a note. -SH'
"Sorry, what?"
We load into Mycroft's car. I'm the last one in, so I don't immediately grasp why Sherlock turns around to leer at me as we enter the car. Once I'm looking around, it becomes abundantly clear. Mycroft's limo seats three people. Greg is perched atop Mycroft, my mother has the second seat, which Sherlock and I both have to fit in.
Next they go to the grocery store, and John gets stuck buying the ingredients because Sherlock is busy trying to look at different concentrations of bleach for a new experiment. After a couple minutes, John calls, "Sherlock? Get yourself over here, part of cooking is getting the ingredients."
Teaser for Mystrade and Courting Mycroft because I'm evil.
Sherlock offers his hand, oozing charm. "Mrs. Watson, my pleasure. I can see John gets his good looks from you," he says as he kisses her hand.
They get into the elevator and go down to the first floor. Sherlock feels trapped; the goal was to leave while John's getting the food, but now he can't. What to do, what to do?
Dimmock consults his watch. "Forty-five minutes."
“And I’m really not put out that you didn’t nurture and care for me. As the stereotypical Alpha, I’m supposed to be able to protect you, yet you picked up a gun and shot down several Alphas to protect me. Neither of us are a stereotype, but I’m okay with that if you are.”
"With you? Nothing, of course!"
“You argued with Mycroft and won. Nobody ever wins.”
"Hello, gentlemen, how are you today?" the doctor questions in a friendly manner.
Meanwhile, John is a little grumpy that he has to be in meetings without Sherlock. He keeps a metaphorical eye on the boy through their bond, watching his emotions to be sure his friends don't overstep their boundaries. As soon as he feels anxiety, he panicked, and is trying to excuse himself when a wave of peace rushes over him. Confused, John glances around and spots his mate's curls. Instant relief floods him as well-Sherlock is fine, and was only anxious because he couldn't see his mate.
Mycroft feels like all the wind was knocked out of his sails. "Oh. I believe I owe John an apology."
"Perhaps I should ask you."
Sherlock teaches me chemistry and biology too. We do several experiments together, several of which I'm not even sure why we're doing, but they're interesting. For example, why the categorizing of 243 different types of tobacco ash will ever be necessary is far beyond me. Personally, I think Sherlock just enjoyed the expression of abject horror on Mycroft's face when he gleefully elaborated on our experiments for his brother's benefit.
"What about your mother, John?" Mycroft prompted.
The door slams in my face. I hear things being thrown. "Get up, my best friend is missing.  We're going to look for him."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Caring is not an advantage. You better settle down right now, boy, or I will make your life miserable. No Alpha is going to want a nasty, condescending little b***h like you." Sherlock burst into tears, running to Mycroft for comfort. Siger turned to his oldest son. "And you! Why isn't supper made?"
"Stop that," John chides, pulling the gun from his mate. He pulls him into his arms again, nuzzling into Sherlock's neck right by his mating mark. After a sniff to reassure himself, he says, "We should call Lestrade."
"Correct."
John swears and runs off again, though he takes a second to link their fingers together. He will not allow his Omega to go off without him again. After a moment, they both register the gunshot and John yanks Sherlock along behind him as he pours on the speed.
"I was going to help, but I really don't know how to cook anything."
"It is a child's game," Mycroft replies calmly. "Don't mope, brother. It's unbecoming." Sherlock doesn't reply, so Mycroft sighs and offers, "I'll play Operation."
"Irene Adler is dead."
"So where is it?"
“What does that have to do with anything?”
"Mycroft, did you smell that delicious smell as the soldiers trained?"
"Away from me?"
"Shut up."
"I have to go out for groceries, Sherlock," John argues.
Mycroft sighs in exasperation, realizing she will probably leap out of the moving car soon. “He’s an Alpha, I’m an unbonded Omega.”
The poor boy jumps. “I thought you were sleeping!”
"I can never understand why bonded people lack all control when it comes to sex," Mycroft remarks, and John can feel his face flame in response.
"I can remember it just fine!" John exclaims in exasperation.
"No! I want to see my brother!" Sherlock looks up, gasps dramatically, and rushes to the window instead. "No, no, let me out!"
"Anything I can help with?"
"It's fine, John." He sits on the ground, an odd picture in his fancy clothes, but the part of me that feels threatened appreciates it. "Please, sit down."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock sneers. "The child will have my DNA. It's far more likely the child would be a worse hellion than I ever was as a child."
"Goodbye, Brother Mine."
He storms back into his own office. “I need access to my case files. I do believe your boss is giving up on taking them from me.”
"To dry? I'm not planning to shower in my clothes!" Sherlock exclaims in astonishment.
Only a pillow to the back of the head, courtesy of Lestrade, recalls Sherlock to the fact that they have an audience. He breaks apart from John, who is gaping at him in confusion. "You know, Sherlock, we didn't have to snog like that. Traditionally, it's only a light peck unless you're dating."
"Not since this morning when he cut his hand at breakfast."
"No," he responds, though he keeps his hand there anyway. "They're moving?"
John reaches over and pulls his Omega into his arms. Sherlock grunts as John lifts him off the bed and carries him downstairs to the kitchen, though surprisingly he doesn't complain.
"Of course. But maybe we can just share heats or something. No need to inconvenience us both more," he mumbles, dropping off to sleep.
"Sometimes you can't help it. Everyone is a slave eventually, for some reason." Sherlock nods. "Will you come get the groceries with me, please?"
"Take my jet, skip security," Mycroft offers.
Sherlock’s face takes on the reminiscent smile he seems to frequently get when talking about Mycroft. “He’s part of the government, you know. He’d have you believe he’s a lowly paper-pusher, but in reality, he pretty much is the British Government. When I was in London at my boarding school, Mycroft would consistently observe me using CCTV. It was rather annoying, so I call him my arch-enemy sometimes. Were you ever in a relationship before me?”
'Where's John? -MH'
John feels a lump in his throat. "Thanks, guys. It really means a lot to me that you'd-"
He walks to Mrs. Hudson, touching her cheek and reassuring her that she will be alright. Gasping, she nods to reassure him that she will be.
"Perfect match," responds Sherlock.
"Put me down, you nut!"
"John, my brother experiments with brains. He couldn't care about people, and he's often rude and inconsiderate. How many people do you think he's kissed?"
"You don't want to talk. You want to go get the stupid groceries."
"Hello, John. I'm Dr. Angelo. I'm here to take a look at you and take care of your leg." Angelo kneels down next to John. "He's dirty, Mycroft can you grab a container and some washcloths and towels?" I grab the supplies, including new clothes, and return.
Sally wraps him in a teary hug, and Sherlock looks a bit surprised but he does hug her back. "Who's godfather?" she asks when she pulls back, rubbing her eyes.
The sergeants holding my father drag him off, leaving me standing with my expanded family. I'm not sure what to say, how to request what I want, but thankfully Mycroft is a Holmes and thus a mind-reader.
John hears the front door open and hears one of the Alphas lurch into the snow. "Go, Molly! Run! And keep my pack safe!"
'See this, Dad?' I think. 'Here's what I think of your ideas. I'm useless?' Rip. 'Mom's no good?' Tear. 'You wish we'd never been born?' Rip. 'I'm done with you.' I begin throwing my pieces of confetti into the fire. 'I have a soulmate now, Dad. And I have to believe he's everything you're not. Like Molly said, I have to hold out hope that someone can love me, and I hope that man's name is Sherlock Holmes.'
"It won't fly. It will NEVER fly," Mycroft responds, tone oozing barely-contained fury. "The terrorist cells know that we know about the bomb. Just earlier today I was contacted with a taunting text from a friend of yours."
"Perfect. Now punch me?"
"Please, sit down," Irene offers, settling into a chair herself. "Or, if you'd like, I could call the maid for some tea."
Sherlock’s eyes dart around for a moment. The other officers have gotten closer, which is what inspires him to respond, “You just can’t. Trust me.”
"He's okay, right? The Freak?"
"No!" John gasps. The trauma that his death would cause on his mate is unthinkable. His mate would regress and lose all he had gained after the death of his abusive father. With only this thought in mind, he launches himself, chair and all, at the man with the gun.
"I need your color schemes, and/or ideas for a mural you want on the wall of your nursery. That's why I'm here- Andvari Painting, you know? We paint," the man tells him.
"The plane blows up midair, everyone dies, yet no one loses their life," Sherlock breathes.
"I don't know. What's appropriate for both a little boy and little girl?"
"I didn't say anything!"
"Yes, Sherlock?" John is in the kitchen washing dishes, but they will keep until another time and Sherlock wants to have this discussion right now.
In a moment, he has Mycroft on the phone. "Hey Mycroft, it's John- yeah no listen- yeah that's exactly what I'm calling about. Why- are you sure? Mycroft that's got to be really expensive- seriously? Why- okay I can't argue that- I know paint is bad for pregnant people, I'm a DOCTOR- sure if that's what will make you happy- I really appreciate it, thank you- uh huh, I'll let him know you called- he's still asleep- pregnant people are supposed to sleep more Mycroft- I'll ask him- thank you very much- Merry Christmas to you too- goodbye." John hangs up the phone, then turns to the painter. "Give me a minute or two to wake my mate and get his opinion on the nursery colors, then you can get started and we'll be out of your hair."
"Nah. Maybe meet a nice boy, settle down. Find my Alpha."
"Why? So you can point a gun at me?"
“He needs us,” Sherlock insists. He darts off before Donovan can argue.
“Drug’s bust!” Lestrade exclaims cheerfully from where he’s lounging in Sherlock’s chair.
"Thank you." There is a moment in which neither man says anything, then Lestrade says, "That was really all I was calling for. Have a lovely night, Mycroft."
John snarls at him in warning.
"No, he didn't, you're lying. Why are you lying?"
Somewhere near the Big Ben, Jim Moriarty glances at his phone as it chimes. He reads the message and smirks, searching through his contacts for the right number to forward this information to. He has never had the opportunity to use this contact before, and he relishes the chance. He sends a new message: 'Jumbo jet. Dear me, Mr. Holmes, dear me.' Then he jumps in a cab and rattles off directions. His mate will be so pleased to hear how he's ruined the Ice Man's life now.
By lunchtime, Mycroft has regained his color-though when Sherlock points this out Mycroft only grimaces and comments about "so am I back to my typical ginger freckly vampire look?". John thinks that maybe he and Sherlock can return home, though he makes Mycroft walk about the house for a bit to prove he'll be fine. Mycroft complies with a fair amount of eye rolling, so Sherlock is quite sure his brother has made a full recovery.
"I'll miss you," Sherlock tells him.
Sherlock sweeps out, and John hears him say, “We weren’t having sex, Mrs. Hudson.”
"Greg told me about him, too. He thinks he doesn't actually exist."
"Hey," his father roars, stepping onto the porch. "Stay the h**l away from him!"
“Oh, Sherlock,” John whispers, “It’s okay. I’m not angry, truly I’m not.”
“You really do, don’t you?” Mycroft asks.
"It appears as though they were hiding behind their sibling. Only faint movements allowed us to even see them this time. So then, would you like to know the gender?"
"The only thing I've found lately is groceries. And I'm going to assume that's not why I'm here."
"He's gone. Lets all split up. Mike, Molly, and Jim, did he have any old hiding spots? Particularly if he was hiding from his father?"
"It's my job as an Omega," Sherlock tells him. "That much, at least, I remember."
"Let me alone, Dad!" I yell.
*Dream Sequence*
"When, where, how?" John questions. "How do you even know that?"
“Thank you.” He exits the cab and roots around in his pockets hoping he has his wallet on him. Thankfully, he does, so he pays the man, along with a nice tip for being genuinely concerned about his well-being, and heads off to find his mate.
John stays quiet until they've been in the air for five minutes. He's sitting across from Sherlock but Sherlock is studiously ignoring him, instead reaching into his carry-on to pull out a laptop.
'Fine. The twins are beautiful. You'll come see them once you get that crime scene wrapped up, right? -SH'
I shrug. "I wouldn't know. Either way, sorry I woke you guys up."
Sherlock debates this for a moment, then agrees. "If there's anything else I can do, let me know."
"Hello?"
"And you are a perfect Omega. My perfect Omega."
"Naturally," John mutters under his breath.
After a few more minutes, I make my escape too. I sit outside my bedroom for a bit, listening to Greg. Abruptly I leap up and head off to Mycroft's office. I need to fix this.
The ride back home is silent, mainly because Sherlock rolls down the window of the taxi and sticks his head out like a happy dog, inhaling the scent of London. He’s missed this while being in Afghanistan. It’s good to be home.
He leaves the room and goes to search for clothes. What little the Omega has told him makes him wonder about what he's experienced, and about the people who have courted him in the past.
He crosses over to the table, where I can see a note was left. 'Boys, I'm off to my sister's for the weekend. You can be as loud as you want. XOX, Mrs. Hudson.' I turn red.
Guys, I am so sorry this chapter took so long. Nursing school is leaving me minimal time for anything else. :(
"Listen, I really can't have you here if you're sick. It goes against my code of ethics. So please just get into a taxi and go home. I'll even take pictures and bring it to you later if you want, I just can't have you here right now."
Sherlock grins at him. “It’s not in your nature to give up without a fight, it’s not in mine to be a ball of sunshine.”
"It's okay, I understand." After another check to reassure himself Mycroft is alright, he goes down to the guest room and begins arranging for the night. He strips down to his pants and crawls into bed, curling into the blankets blissfully. He drifts off soon after, exhausted.
"How did you get in here?" he asks, still pointing the knife at her.
"I need the phone." She holds out her hand demandingly for the phone. After a moment's pause, Sherlock places the phone into her hand. She swiftly enters the passcode, then frowns at them both. "It's not working."
"Your ribs are broken and so is your tibia and fibula. You broke your leg by leaping out a window. While you were unconscious, a doctor assessed you and found you had a broken rib which they had to break again so it could heal properly," my Alpha tells me.
"I'm sorry?" John is sure he woke up too early because the man is making no sense.
Mycroft turns and walks out, ignore Greg. I turn to look at Greg then. He looks heartbroken, like a kicked puppy. "I- He just left me." Greg tells me.
In the end, it takes John literally wrestling Sherlock -very gently- into their bathroom with orders in the 'Captain voice' to get ready to finally pull Sherlock away from his experiments. He comes out dressed in that tight purple shirt with black trousers that are equally as tight, an outfit that John loves for reasons that he'd never admit to anyone. He's just toweling off his tousled curls when Mrs. Hudson enters the room, handing a plate of cookies to John to place on the table. Then she kisses them both and carries on like she hadn't just seen them a few hours ago.
"Settle down, Myc," Mrs. Holmes cuts in before Mycroft can say anything else. "Sit down, boys, and eat breakfast. When do you need to leave?"
"No," he replies, "but you do."
“Are you alright?” Greg asks Sherlock, concerned.
“So these orders to take my case are coming from him?”
“Wait! What about John?”
"I didn't know."
John stands again and pulls the vest off, throwing it far away from them both.
"I think he just doesn't believe the guy is truly your brother. He's got your look though."
"Did they hurt you?"
To say John Watson was having a bad day would be an understatement. His father had come home drunk yet again, and his older sister Harry had decided to provoke him. This had pissed his father off so much, the young alpha that challenged him, that he came to take out his frustration on his omega son.
"No. My brother is the Perfect Match. He is currently unconscious in Bart's Hospital, due to having a mate who didn't bond him when he went into heat."
"I was just gifted her camera phone. It wouldn't be given to me if she wasn't in grave danger, considering she drugged me to get it back in the first place."
“Do you need a blanket?”
"What?"
Unfortunately for Sherlock and fortunately for John, the two of them have a dry spell of cases after the first one. There are some boring ones, which cause Sherlock to start sending waves of anger and boredom over their bond. He rants to Greg about the importance of not calling him for unimportant cases, abandoning at least ten different crime scenes after loudly abusing everyone in the nearby vicinity, ranging from the tearful family of the victims to the police themselves.
"Obvious, isn't it?" At John's blank look, he continues on. "The way you hold your hands-that's the way a surgeon holds his hands. You've got a stitch from sutures here-" the boy invades John's space to pluck it off his sleeve "and the coffee stain on your shirt which you didn't even notice is light enough that you can only be a surgeon from the army hospital."
"Closer than I desire," Mycroft mumbles.
"No reason, Brother Mine." Mycroft ruffles his brother's curls and goes back downstairs, picks up the sledgehammer, and attacks with renewed vigor. Meanwhile, Sherlock and John find some paint and redo the wall, sanding  the blood off and repainting.
"The safe, now, please," the man grits out.
Little bit of fluff, little bit of Mystrade, little bit of actual canon. Return to canon in the next chapter.
“I thought you only found out Mycroft existed a few days ago? Yet you’ve been texting my brother for several months now.”
After a moment of studying it, Sherlock seems satisfied. "It's the same paint, John," he reports. "We should split up and look for more."
"Good plan," John responds. "Did you want to come with us today?"
"Yes. We're studying."
Dinner is a tense affair. Mycroft doesn't unlock himself from his office, and Greg is too distraught to eat. After a few minutes he excuses himself, tears pouring down his cheeks. I'm barely eating either, the guilt is a swelling knot in my stomach that leaves no place for food. Jim, Mike, and Molly are trying desperately to figure out what happened, and Sherlock's staring at me like he's hoping to figure out the truth based on my face alone. Can he tell I kissed Greg? Does he care?
Jim rolls his eyes. "Is he off somewhere being melodramatic again? No, don't answer that. Dumb best friend. Give me a minute."
"Something to keep in mind. For now though, I'd suggest you find your brother's Alpha."
"No," Sherlock answered, "but now we know it's definitely a code. We need to go to the museum next. There's a Chinese exhibit, possibly an artifacts employee would be able to help us."
"It's what I thought. My Father would throw me down the steps, hit me, punch me, kick me, belittle me, and I just thought I deserved it."
"Right, minor," John scoffs skeptically.
"When can I get out?"
"No, come on Sherlock. What do you mean?" He won't answer me. In fact, for the rest of the day he won't talk to me, barring anything that needs to be communicated. I do notice that the table seems to move a little closer again. When Sherlock's not looking, I make a scruff in the floor with my foot.
"I want to."
It's the d**n Americans, that's the first thing he notices, followed quickly by the fact that the one who threatened to shoot John is now holding a gun to Mrs. Hudson's head. Threatening Sherlock's mate is to ask to be killed, to hurt Mrs. Hudson is to beg for injuries yourself. Sherlock resolves to be sure the man gets what he's begging for.
“I’d like to consider myself an open book,” John tells him. “Ask away. Let’s reserve the right to pass, though, just in case.”
They wind up in 221C, and at first glance it appears that the room is indeed the one that was shown in the picture. There is a pair of sneakers on the floor, which Sherlock instantly drops to the ground to examine, despite knowing that they could be a bomb. The phone rings, making both Alphas in the room jump, though Sherlock only rolls his eyes.
"Erm, yeah, probably not," John agrees. “I own one bed, and no couches or other furniture I can sleep on.”
"I want to be better," Sherlock explains in a rare moment of vulnerability. "I want to be a better Omega for you."
"He's scared Lestrade is his mate. Feels a bit of something when he looks at him, especially when he saw him in person during the first case of ours together. He dreamed of him this morning after he left our flat the first time."
"When do you want to tell people?" John inquires of his mate.
A bit timidly, Mycroft stretches out his hand, though he makes no move toward the anxious wolf. John approaches and sniffs him curiously, then he stops his growling. He licks Mycroft's hand, then walks behind him and head-butts him closer to Sherlock. Mycroft chuckles a bit. "Yes, alright, John. Just trying to make sure I wouldn't lose a body part in the process of assuring myself my younger brother is alright."
“John, what did I tell you I do with the police? Did I ever mention what, exactly, I consult on?”
"Sherlock, do you need help?" John pauses in his care of Mrs. Hudson to question, ready to help his mate chuck the rude American out the window again if the need arose.
Sherlock's answer is cut off by the ringing of his phone. He answers it, then tells John, "it's Lestrade." He nods along in agreement to whatever the man is saying, and clicks his phone shut. "He wants us down at the Yard to consult."
'No,' John thinks, 'what I'm feeling is that you are threatening my mate, and I'd like to take him home, possibly shag him into next week if he's amenable, and forget all about you and your naked body staring at my mate like he's food.'
Sherlock shudders. "No, never that! That's what we called my- the man who contributed to my birth, was Father."
The man stops for him, but from the expression on his face he's less than pleased. Dimmock doesn't care. "Listen, when I tell you not to go anywhere, I need you to listen. It's my job to keep civilians like you safe. You were worried for your brother, I get that, but you need to follow the directions you're given, including staying back when I tell you to."
“Wasn’t it for you?” John inquires.
"You can't, the game isn't over."
"What do you want?" Seeing John's look, he hurries on. "I've interacted with other Alphas my own age. They would've hurt me during my heat. Hurt, bonded, and bred. But you didn't do that. I thought maybe you were waiting until I was in my right mind, but you haven't tried to force me into anything yet. So what's your goal? Money for a rehab for your alcoholic brother? Power, trying to kidnap me? I just don't understand, and I don't like not knowing."
The question is clearly rhetorical, but Sherlock chooses to answer as Mycroft takes the first sip of his tea. "I'm pregnant." Mycroft promptly chokes on his tea, coughing and spluttering until his airway is clear. Sherlock has a self-satisfied expression on his face as Mycroft peruses him. Whatever Mycroft finds on Sherlock's face must convince him his brother is telling the truth, because he appears stunned.
"Wake up, Mr. Holmes," the woman calls, crossing over and slapping John's cheeks. He slowly opens his eyes and groans, pretending he was just snapped out of his rest by this woman.
"Yes, I can. We can have Mycroft's minions deliver the groceries, and experimental materials for me. I could keep an eye on you constantly and be sure you're safe."
“Mrs. Hudson!” Sherlock exclaims, embarrassed. “John and I aren’t like that.”
“Yes, I’ll make sure we’re there at some point tomorrow, so long as I’m not drugged out of my mind enough to forget this conversation,” John reassures him.
"I'll take a picture and send it to Mycroft. He can tell us the numbers of the graffiti. We have two words, we can take it from there."
The doctor smiles at him. "Nothing unusual, then," he quips. He prepares the gel and smooths it over Sherlock's abdomen. Sherlock is completely relaxed, it is his third time doing this. "So see here then, we've got the arm," the doctor tells them both, turning the screen and gesturing to a spot on the screen that looks like it could possibly be an arm as described. "Here is the other, and here's the-hang on-" his voice trails off as he stares at the screen with a furrowed brow. He moves the transducer and clicks around again.
"The man wasn't murdered," Sherlock says, though from the way he stutters in the beginning it's clear he's not entirely unaffected by this crazy woman."The blow was to the back of the head, that's what killed him."
"This is your chair now. Mycroft and I brought it up here last night." He looks around the room. "So what do you think?"
"Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Sherlock Holmes. I'm Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers."
Nobody says anything, they sit in silence for awhile. Nobody eats much either, except John and Mycroft. At least, Mycroft eats until he remembers his father's voice calling him fat, then he turns very pale and shoves his food away.
"For God's sake, she didn't tell him the code!" John interrupts. "She knows the code, ask her!"
“John, you’re bleeding!” Sherlock sounds alarmed, and he runs off for a moment. He returns with a candle, some thread, a sewing needle, a match, ice, and a bandage. “Here, hold this,” he tells John, positioning the ice pack over the bleeding.
Sherlock laughs. "John?"
"Not unless you'll let me throw it at you," he answers.
I find Greg in Mycroft's office, and from the state of his hair and his swollen lips it's obvious I've disrupted amorous kissing. Yuck.
"It shouldn't! But it does, because you're my mate, and my biology demands I know how close I can get! I NEED to be able to provide for you, protect you, and overall care for you, but you keep refusing me!"
“Just to tell you I love you too.”
.............................................................
"No, we can't," interjects John. "Our witness is dead, we have a code and two graffiti marks we have no prayer of defining on our own, and we broke into a museum. There is absolutely nothing you or Mycroft can do to help us catch the killer."
"Sure. Was I stopping you, earlier?"
Sherlock shrugs. “I’ve sewn Mycroft up a time or two.”
Sherlock lifts his head for the first time in a while. "Don't be ridiculous. Moriarty has been watching us for a while, his minions told us that. If he didn't get to us through your case he would've found a different way."
The doctor takes Sherlock's blood to run some tests, takes Sherlock's vital signs, and then begins to perform an ultrasound. Sherlock wakes just as the transducer is placed on his abdomen.
"Right! An eternity! C'mon John, let's go!"
"Sure! I'll stop by around 4:15?"
"That's not what people usually say."
Sherlock shrugs. "I don't mind." A moment later, he is draped across John's body, leaning down to suck a mark onto John's neck. "Make some more?" he requests breathlessly.
Sherlock nodded. "He killed my dog too. I always thought Alphas were wild animals that would just kill what you loved, after that. I told you once, Lestrade, that I was a sociopath. I wasn't joking, I don't believe I'm capable of loving anyone or anything. Never again."
"Duh, John," Jim says.
He watches the two walk away, and sees John laugh at something Sherlock says. He mutters something quietly to Donovan, probably trying to excuse them both when they’re laughing at a crime scene, and watches Sherlock halt and pull himself up taller. Intimidation tactic, maybe? He crosses over to a taller gentleman, and the two begin a rapid exchange of words which Lestrade can’t overhear at this distance.
"Alright Mummy that sounds-shhhh it's alright baby, no need to cry. Now you've got your brother crying...there is really no need to cry, you haven't even witnessed a murder scene yet-I'll call you later Mummy."
Sherlock nods, crossing over to the stack of books. He begins flipping through them, searching for the words to match the ones that Soo Lin wrote. That is all the sound there is for several hours, the rustle of pages.
"Yes." I recognize the leader's voice as that of the young man I spoke with. I lead them into the parlor. Sherlock is still standing with John, murmuring to him. With great reluctance he peels himself away and the Omega pack gathers around.
"John, look out!" John whips around at Molly's shout. A tall man, taller even than Sherlock, with auburn hair had managed to sneak up behind him. John remembers the poker in his hands and stabs it in the direction of the newcomer's foot, lurching around to grab Molly's hand and tug her out the kitchen door.
"The pregnancy test came back positive. That's where I was today. I went to France to get one, because I didn't want Mycroft to find out, and I was going to take you but then I wasn't sure and didn't want to get your hopes up, and it was easier to just go when you were sleeping so I just left. I'm sorry if that bothers you."
"If it was that easy, you could do it yourself. You could have someone steal that phone from her, I know you could, so why won't you? What aren't you telling us?"
"Are you alright?"
He makes it all of five minutes before whispering, "John?"
John gives them a cursory glance. "Sure."
"I'm assuming I missed something, but judging by your reputation, I'm guessing you didn't, Mr. Holmes."
"I'm fine," Sherlock states.
"Done," he proclaims, sitting back down.
"Well that was useless," grouses John the second they're in the taxi again.
John is by his side instantly. "Sherlock, are you okay?" He sees his mate cradling his abdomen and feels worried.
I barely have any time to register Greg's mouth on mine. His mouth feels...nice, I guess. Warm, lips a little chapped. I slide my hands under his shirt, gently running them over his abdomen. And I feel nothing. No life-changing "I'm gay!" epiphany. No spark, no fire like I heard Omega girls giggling about. Nothing.
John sits there in shock. His mouth falls open, and then snaps shut with an audible click. "I- wow. Just, wow. You're sure?"
Something is wrong, there is a small part of him that knows that. He doesn't eat, worse than usual. He doesn't sleep. At all. He doesn't experiment, even though there's all kinds of interesting mold growing on the toes now. It's just boring.
John begins walking with Sherlock still around his neck. He cradled his Omega carefully, marveling at how light the boy is.
Sherlock wakes up and groans. Everything hurts. He has tubes in his nose and his arms, so he's clearly in the hospital. Probably Bart's. His neck burns, but when he tries to touch it, he encounters a bandage.
The next day, John kisses his mother goodbye and jumps on the bus. Harry is already gone, but John won't miss her anyway. His father is passed out drunk on the couch, good riddance.
John starts crying too, he can't help it, he's too overwhelmed. This was more than he could ever dream of when his Alpha first spotted Sherlock Holmes across the bar in Afghanistan. He gets back up and pulls Sherlock into a kiss, their salty tears of joy mixing together on their lips. When they break apart, he whispers, "I love you."
"John, we're here! Get up!" John blinks the sleep out of his eyes and stares up at the museum.
Sally notices him struggling and runs over to help, since Lestrade's back is turned and he's barking more orders. Between Sally and John, they manage to get Sherlock over to an ambulance, which he practically collapses into without complaint, though he waves the paramedics away as they try to buzz around him.
"Good enough," he proclaims.
"I told him he could join us in travelling to Mycroft's house."
"John!"
Cleaning accomplish, he gets out and grabs for a towel, until he catches sight of himself in the mirror and pauses.
Within a few minutes, our back door is opening to admit three young Omegas. I recognize the young girl Sherlock was talking with, off to the left of a boy who is clearly the leader. Another boy stands to the leader's right. Since the boy in front is the leader, I address him.
“Sssorry. I’m juss lookin’ fir my mate. You seen S’lock Holmes?”
Before John can argue with the boy, Sherlock is gone. He stays out late, late enough that though John struggles valiantly to wait up for him, he succumbs to sleep. In the morning, when he wakes up, Sherlock is draped around him.
John responds instantly, knowing about the code from his time in the military. 'Duck and cover, the safe has a gun,' he tells himself quietly. The next couple of minutes are a blur as he, Irene, and Sherlock wrestle with the Americans for their freedom. 'Wrestling Americans for freedom has a huge amount of irony to it,' John thinks as he moves around to check the pulse of the man who took the bullet. "He's dead," he reports.
"One minute," Jim snaps peevishly. The door clicks and he comes out dressed in only a pair of boxers. Coupled with the fresh bond bite on his neck, it doesn't take a genius to figure out what he's doing in his room with the door locked.
"Yes, I am aware," Mycroft replies. He climbs into his car and tells the driver to set off for Baker Street. "ETA 10 minutes," Mycroft reports. "Don't worry, I'm not wearing my scent blockers. I was working from home in anticipation of this call."
Sherlock shakes his head again.
"Oh I don't know. I thought you might have been interested in finding yourself a goldfish."
“I didn’t even know that was possible. How on Earth do you manage that?”
"Dr. Watson? I think the heat is over, may I please come out?" John unlocks his stiff joints and opens the door. Sherlock staggers out, looking pale and sickly.
The boy nods, then abruptly crosses his arms and yanks off his shirt.
"Good, let's go."
"No! That's why this is a huge mistake. I'm not gay, I'm not attracted to Sherlock, and I'm never planning to get bonded either!" Greg reaches over to place a calming hand on John. He realizes John's pack, though they've been silent, are all touching John and lending support to the distraught Omega.
"I can take it from here," rumbles my mate as soon as I'm down the stairs. Greg, bless his heart, doesn't let go of me until I nod to tell him it's okay.
Sherlock finds a young graffiti artist alone the street, and the boy leads them toward a skate park-at least, that's what John thinks it is.
He takes the ticket John hands him, leaning close to murmur just for John's ears, "When we return, you should continue what we were doing. I rather enjoyed being carried like that." Then, like nothing had happened, he straightened his coat and moved out the door, following behind the employee who came to collect them.
"It's alright, John," Mycroft soothes again. "You did your job and kept my brother safe. Can you transform back now?"
“So?” John finally breaks his silence to ask as they leave.
John nods. He slowly drifts off to sleep. His pack members curl up together on the floor. "Hey, you have your own rooms, if you want."
Lestrade nods and vacates the premises. His friends are fine and so are the twins, that's all that matters. He will let Big Brother deal with the aftermath of this, because it is very likely Sherlock could end up in jail.
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes!"
"Quite right. You have the standard three tries, I believe?"
"A friend? I don't have friends," Sherlock replies scathingly.
I have just enough time to feel a pang of regret for upsetting him more before he answers, "Love you too, John."
A loud rapping on the door makes them pause. "Freak, it's for you," Sally says, pushing the door open and holding out a package.
The two boys shake hands. "So how did you meet Jim?"
"The case?" he prompts his brother.
“Mrs. Hudson, I didn’t order a taxi!”
The door opens and Mycroft stands there glaring at me. I shiver. "Come inside," Mycroft tells me, tone clipped. He locks the door again, and pulls out a chair for me. "Sit." I sit, despite my instincts telling me to literally break down the door and run.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mycroft, how many hunting accidents have you heard of where the person accidentally hit themselves directly in the heart?"
The dream was clearly a product of over-active imagination, Mycroft reassures himself. Fact one: he's not handsome. The man in the mirror isn't skinny enough or muscular enough to qualify. Add to that his hair color (there is nothing attractive about ginger hair) and his freckles (hideous) and he makes the jump from possibly attractive to downright ugly. Fact two: his blush isn't attractive either. No less than five bed partners have told him it's ugly, clashes hideously with his hair, and Mycroft is inclined to believe them. Fact three: he would never bond to anyone. Ever. Fact four: he's only having this dream because Sherlock had been bonded, and his weak-willed Omega biology decided it was jealous. Fact five: the choice of Detective Inspector as dream companion was a coincidence wrought from the thought that the man was an enigma. Mycroft certainly wasn't attracted to him, he had had enough dreams of himself and Prince William, an Omega friend, to know he wasn't actually attracted to Gregory. His Omega biology and his own subconscious had picked an interesting person and Gregory had just happened to be the result.
"With good cause! C'mon, let's get out of here before your heroic alpha arrests us."
“No! You can’t go home!”
"C'mon, please Greg?"
"Kitchen!" He yells back. Sebastian lumbers in. "Sit down. You eat?"
"I think so. I'm sorry, Sherlock."
After watching the soldiers, Mycroft took Sherlock back to their home. Sherlock came quietly, which was a sign that his baby brother was locked away in his mind.
"Doctor?" John questions, wanting to know right away what the man has discovered.
Sherlock's voice gets increasingly more desperate, begging for mercy for John and insisting he doesn't know the code as the American counts off to three. Just when John is certain he will be meeting his maker, Sherlock yells, "No, stop!" and turns toward the safe. He enters six numbers, and the soft click of the safe unlatching is heard in the tense silence of the room.
They crawl into bed together, John looping an arm over Sherlock so he's cradling his mate close. He falls asleep instantly. At one point, he wakes to find Sherlock has left the bed and is just creeping back in. "Sh'lock?" John slurs sleepily.
He stalks off to the main road and Donovan sits John gently down on the curb, allowing him to lean on her.
“And you couldn’t see who the shooter was?” Lestrade verified for about the tenth time that night.
"No, it was me," Sherlock answers.
"He's sleeping right now," Sherlock replies. "Maybe in a bit, if he wakes up. Come, let's go outside."
John sits, watching Sherlock warily. "What is this? Are you okay?"
"It's alright. I'll be right here. Here, you can hold my hand if you want," he offers, and Sherlock, the bossy Omega that was so strong, grasps his hand like its his only lifeline. "Okay, talk to me."
“Of course not,” she replies. “I was young and married once, I remember what it was like. Sounds like your John’s a screamer, though. My Frank always was, too. I used to think about whether or not to get a gag…” her voice trails off.
Sherlock's pupils dilated, and he lurched forward to snog John. John tried to push Sherlock away, but the consulting detective wouldn't budge. Moriarty chuckled.
Surprisingly, John invited a few more people than Sherlock had realized. Detective Inspector Lestrade shows up, followed by Sally and Detective Inspector Dimmock. Molly is there too. Mycroft was invited, but he's using time with Mummy as the "good son" to hide from Lestrade; Sherlock is pretty sure that is the only benefit Mycroft is currently getting out of being at Mummy's, because he's been there since the morning.
"We're going to need groceries," John tells Sherlock. "Stupid Moriarty kidnapped me before I could get the groceries yesterday."
In the quiet that accompanies the teacher speaking, John begins a note to his friends explaining what happened. He passes it around, and by the time it gets back to him comments range from "This can't go on," from Molly, "Really, he said omegas are just housekeepers and bedwarmers?," from Mike, and "You should run away," from Jim.
“That’s your hormones talking, you don’t really mean it.”
"Sorry," John repeats, and Sherlock looks even more frightened now.
He turns around with a startled "Wha-wha-w-w-w?"
"John!" Sherlock exclaimed, throwing his arms around Mycroft excitedly. "I love you! We should get married!"
John is content to just stay back and watch his mate for a while, knowing that he will be filled in on the information Sherlock’s mind is detailing rapid-fire for him. Sherlock does his head-bobbing thing for a while, ducks outside to stare over a balcony- John does follow him for that, given his history with rooftops and threatening to jump off-then comes back inside.
"Stay here, you'll only upset him more. I'm going up."
"Yes, but I just got bonded and mated."
"Sherlock Holmes, you get down from that ledge right now!"
"Fine," Sherlock replies, automatically glancing up at John with a smile across his face. He picks up his fork and digs into his food with gusto, effectively halting any further attempts at conversation. When he sees John staring at him, he explains, "These are my favorite foods. Mycroft picked them to get me to eat."
"I'm sorry, what?"
"No, not you. I think it was your mate. Paid for by a man with the name of...credit card slip says 'M. Holmes,'" the man says, flipping a paper on his clipboard.
"Mycroft, stay awake!" John commands. Mycroft's eyes drift shut, and John slaps his cheeks lightly. "Mycroft! Mycroft!"
"How do you feel about the violin?"
“What do you want?” questions Sherlock, still curled into a ball and his face tucked away from John.
“I wanted you to want me too. To choose me the way I chose you.” Thus saying, he promptly dozes off.
"I don't eat too much. Taking care of transport is tedious." I'm not sure how to respond to that, so I don't even try.
"Me too," John says, fingers tightening possessively, "me too."
Giving himself a decisive nod in the mirror, Mycroft strides off to get dressed. He pulls on his battle armor for the day, his walls of ice that left people at arms' length. Because that was where he liked people, far away; he wasn't lonely, and caring wasn't an advantage.
"Ready to go, John?"
"John, may we come closer?" Dimmock questions.
"Congratulations, you two!" He strongarms them both into hugs, grinning all the while.
"Sebastian?" John repeats. "Sebastian Moran. You want him to be godfather?"
Lestrade enters the flat a moment later, carrying his trays of fruits and vegetables. "D'ya think this is fancy enough?" Lestrade queries, holding out his platters to John for inspection.
"No. You came in time."
A quick glance around makes me think he's not coming back. The brain has been left on the table, and I'm interested to learn. Once upon a time, a happier time, I wanted to be a Doctor. It can't hurt to learn, right?
He turns away from me, seeming to have finally run out of steam.
"Dr. Sawyer, John left to get me pizza in the cafeteria, but I miss him. I need to go get him, right now."
"John?" I jump, not having heard Sherlock come up behind me. "What are you doing?" he questions as he stabilizes me.
Sherlock glances at it, cerulean eyes darting over the screen for about thirty seconds before he crinkles his nose and turns away. "Boring."
Greg leads my mother upstairs, or rather he tries, but she flies back down to hug me. "Good luck, sweetheart. I love you."
"Mycroft? Mycroft, what's wrong?"
"I dislike being outnumbered." It's true, he prefers to be in an evenly-numbered fight as much as he can help it. If John were here he would take on all the men, no, they would take on all the men together, but it is just him, so he tries to get the men sent out. "It makes for too much stupid in the room."
‘Sure.’ John types back. “Hey Sherlock, Lestrade wants out statements about what happened last night.”
"What's wrong with my baby?" Sherlock demands. "There should be nothing, I've been doing everything that I've read from trusted pediatricians' and obstetricians' magazines and websites. What's wrong, what's happening?"
The woman chuckles. "Brilliant Omega like you, and you expect us to believe you haven't found it yet? We are not fools!"
"Do you know you do that out loud?"
John jumps down to find his mate grinning maniacally. “I’m timing it to see how long before Mycroft realizes we’re here,” he reports, holding up his wrist with a watch on it. Then he darts off, with John rolling his eyes behind him.
My pack is the next to evacuate. Molly hugs me and pecks my cheek with a timid, "Love you, John."
"If I've no interest in a doctor, why on Earth would I be interested in a sniper?"
"I need my brother. They won't let me talk to him."
When he reaches the fifth floor, the elevator is already gone.
"Don't what?"
Jim asks Mycroft a question about security, and they both quickly take the conversation to a level I can't even hope to follow.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Very much, thank you."
"Hang on," John cuts in, "we have something we wanted to tell you." He pulls the envelope labelled 'Lestrade' out of his pocket and offers it to the man. "We've got one for you too, Donovan," John tells the woman, offering the second envelope to her.
Mycroft gets him a computer, which Jim powers on with a soft "Sweet!" This is the last I hear out of him for the next three hours.
"No, because it's a duplicate I had made, into which you just entered the numbers 1058." He smugly reaches inside the pocket of his dressing gown, pulling out the real cameraphone. He enters the numbers 1058 in, and frowns when it doesn't work.
.............................................................
"Here," the boy says, showing them a yellow design that just might have the same artist as that of the bank graffiti. Only Sherlock and the artist really know for sure.
"I want Greg as the godfather," John begins.
One day he comes home with a brain that we dissect together. We label the parts then viciously demolish the lobe responsible for PTSD. Since that moment, I had the brain memorized.
"SH-Sher-sherlock?" John stutters as I yank off his jacket and wrap it around him. My own follows a moment later. "I th-th-thought you were m-m-mad at m-m-m-me?"
"My mom wants me to quit coming to school," Molly says softly. "She said she's sending me to a boarding school so I can find my soulmate and be a good omega. I'll come with you guys."
John's gaze snaps to Jim. "Shut up."
He splashes water on his face, and when that fails to calm his storming mind he strips naked and gets into his shower. The water pounds down onto him in fierce rivulets as he scrubs desperately at his skin as though trying to scour away his phantom partner's touch.
"Oh, we're divorced," Lestrade says cheerfully.
Mycroft shoots him a glare that leaves no doubt as to why his nickname is 'The Iceman.' "Undoubtedly, anything would be nice for him. He doesn't have high standards. Now don't let me hear another word about Lestrade pass your lips, or I will cut all access to Bart's."
Mycroft goes down the stairs, and Sherlock heard him apologize to John. Then the door clicks and Mycroft is gone.
"Give me a minute," John calls back, bashing the stupid magazine against a side table. Before he gets the fire completely put out, several men dressed in black (what a cliche) come down the stairs, pull a gun, and shoot the fire alarm. John stares at them in shock, but their only response is to shove the gun at him and push him back into the parlor with Irene and Sherlock.
"Very good. We will expect you shortly."
Being held like this instantly brings back bad memories. The only times I've been picked up lately were by my father, and then only to be thrown down the basement steps. I panic. I'm hyperventilating and crying, begging to be put down. Sherlock puts me back on the couch and backs away, looking pale.
"He said something about 'I don't want an Alpha,'" Sherlock states.
"Greg, from the moment I met you-"
"I'm sorry," I tell his back. "I wish I knew I could trust that you wouldn't hurt me. I wish I knew I could love you without getting hurt."
The other guests on the elevator stare at him like he's escaped from an asylum, but he doesn't care. He mashes the button for the top floor, knowing they will never look for him there.
Once inside the car, Sherlock begins turning over the ticket in his hands. "There's going to be a bomb in a passenger jet," he tells John. He has the feeling their escort already knows what he has deduced, so he doesn't bother to lower his voice. "The British and American governments know about it, but rather than expose the source of that information they're going to let it happen. Coventry all over again. The wheel turns. Nothing is ever new." The last sentence is practically spat with disdain.
Sherlock laughs. "I think you'd be fine no matter what. It's me I'm worried about, with the experiments and the bipolar behaviors. We're going to have to work on that."
Mycroft and Anthea take their leave, and Sherlock happily explores his new flat. The place is large and spacious for a flat, and gloriously central to all the going-ons in London. Mycroft had really outdone himself. Except, of course, for the placement of Sherlock’s things. Mycroft had clearly tried to replicate his brother’s methods of storage, but he failed. Try as they might, the brothers never could agree on organization in a living environment, and it was truly bothering Sherlock’s Omega sensibilities that his nest wasn’t exactly how he wanted it. He thrived on the chaos of a messy-looking nest where it appeared unorganized but everything had its place, Mycroft preferred a clinical OCD appearance. Sherlock quickly unloaded boxes and began moving things around until his flat looked as messy as he liked, and then he relaxed. Everything was okay now.
At lunchtime, Sherlock requests (demands imperiously) a slice of pizza and biscuits. They aren't having that in the hospital, but once Sherlock promises John he will actually eat if it is brought, he goes to the cafeteria to get the food.
“I’m a Consulting Detective. When the police are out of their depth, which is always, they consult me. Why did you become a doctor?”
Sherlock smirks. "And get into the car and drive away. Don't try to trick me, you know who I am, it doesn't work."
Sherlock dips his head in agreement. "Sure."
He returns wiping his mouth. "Sorry, that's a bit not good," he apologizes. If the team was shocked before, they are now flabbergasted, all of them standing around gaping at him.
"Really attractive," John answers without pause.
.............................................................
"Yes."
"No! Mycroft doesn't know, he can't know, you can't tell him! Promise! Promise me he won't find out!"
"Stop it!" Sherlock cries, staring around the pool in horror. "Stop! Show yourself, whoever you are."
"Your hair is done in a new style, and you're wearing a new dress. Your lipstick is a brighter hue than you'd usually use, trying to compensate for the size of your lips, which are quite small. Also, you're wearing a push-up bra because you feel your breasts are small. Then there's the presents in the bag. They're all wrapped a slight bit haphazardly, slap-dash, except for one. One particular one is wrapped nicely. Conclusion, you're seeing your boyfriend after this."
John's army mates are surprisingly accepting of a young sociopath. They teach him poker and chat with him about his work at the Yard (Sebastian had asked what he did, and the answer led to countless jokes). Best of all, no one questions the fact that he leaves every hour for a few minutes to check on John. The agitating Omega side of him demands to lay eyes on his Alpha frequently, and ignoring it makes Sherlock anxious. So every hour he slips away, stares through the window at John, then sneaks back to his new friends.
Mycroft's work is a nondescript building from the outside, but the inside is immaculate. I instantly feel out of place in my baggy jumpers and sweatpants, trying to hurry along on my broken leg to keep up with Mycroft's long strides.
He ducks off into the next room. "John, your mate has a text alert with a woman making pleasure sounds?" Lestrade asks.
"Hey, hey, it's okay. Let's get down from the roof, okay?"
"Why?" the American asks, pointing his gun away from Mrs. Hudson and at Sherlock himself instead.
John is awakened by a rude chiming in his pocket. Groaning a bit, he stands and stretches the kinks out of his back. Sherlock has woken some point before him and is bent over the table, examining a slide under his microscope. Curiously, John fishes out his phone and reads the text. "There's been a murder," he tells Sherlock. "Lestrade is asking for us."
"This tube too," Sherlock orders, gesturing to the NG tube in his nose.
Jim, Mike, and Molly hold a conversation with their eyes alone. They all seem in agreement, "Yes," Jim says, speaking for the pack. "But we're leaving if anything bad happens."
"Maximizing your visual memory. I just told you that."
The sound of pursuit reaches his ears, and he runs faster, trying to fly off the ground to safety. There is a loud roar, then silence. Sherlock doesn't look back. He's trying desperately to scale the alley wall, but even with his lanky form it's too high.
"That's good," John says with a leer. "Bedroom. Now," he snarls a moment later as his fingers work on Sherlock's shirt. He swoops Sherlock up from the couch, carrying him with ease. Sherlock gasps, then giggles breathlessly with delight. John lays his tenderly on the bed, though he still pins Sherlock's arms to the sides. "Have I told you lately how much I love you?"
"This is all my fault," Mycroft says as he climbs onto the ambulance. "I'm so sorry, Brother Mine."
“Right, um, we’ll be back later,” Gregson tells Sherlock. Sherlock nods, loops himself carefully over John, and falls asleep.
"Of course. We all love you, John, enough to run away with you. Someone else definitely will, too," Jim answers. "The world isn't divided into the abusers and the abused, John. There's more to you than that."
John jumps to alertness again as someone approaches the ambulance, but relaxes instantly as he identifies Mycroft. "Hello, Mycroft," he greets quietly.
.............................................................
When he pulls away he clips his head on the top of the log, and his indignant expression makes me laugh. John giggles too.
"Lead the way," Angelo says, clapping me on the back. I take him back to the living room. Sherlock is bent over John's prone body, eyeing us suspiciously.
"Of the second story? Why?"
.........................................................................
“Donovan!” Lestrade barks, his voice full of anger. The woman falls quiet instantly. “Okay, John, let’s get you into a taxi. What’s your address?”
Lestrade doesn't disappoint, exclaiming over each piece like he's a master chef being presented with a much more astonishing piece than cake and pie. Sherlock is preening like a peacock by the time he's done.
"Will you come with me to ask a friend about the graffiti? I want to see if it's been spotted in the area at all."
"Baby," John reminds him.
"I said hey," Sherlock corrects himself, smiling up at the man with a fake grin plastered on his face. Then he goes back to his microscope.
"Shut up, John, I'm trying to write." Jim reprimands.
"Nothing." I think it's awkward being around him right now. Part of me wants to trust him and believe he won't hurt me, the other half remembers my parents and knows that just because I feel safe doesn't mean I am.
“No. No way. I didn’t find my Perfect Match just to lose him to a bunch of Afghans attacking. I’m going back. ”
At some point, John's body stops its violent shaking and he drifts off to sleep.
"Neat, don't you think?" Mycroft asks smugly.
Sherlock is sitting up in bed, methodically working off the tape strips to the IV. "Hey, stop that!" John says.
John slumps against the door, tired but alert. He will protect his Omega, no matter the cost.
"The army has a special camaraderie, forged from almost dying multiple times. We share everything and protect each other. If anyone wants to hurt him, they're gonna have to get through me and my entire platoon."
Jim chuckles. "You're weird, John."
"I know that, and once we get permission from Doctor Sawyer I'll pull it out."
"It's okay, Sherlock. I'm fairly certain John won't hurt me."
"We broke up," counters Sally.
Sherlock frowns. "No you won't, you'll stay here with John."
"Have either of you seen John?"
He turns the phone so that John is able to see the words 'I am SHER-LOCKED' before the phone opens. He glares at Irene, feeling that she has put yet another move on his mate.
Meanwhile, across town, Mycroft Holmes is desperately trying to get information about his brother, with absolutely no success.
"How would I know? How do ordinary people do this? What do you do when you go shopping?"
"Good," John answers softly. "Mike and I made dinner. Come eat while it's hot."
"You want to send to my Army mates?" John echoes.
"Sherlock Holmes! The world's only consulting detective! He's a genius, they say he can just look at a person and know their whole life story, and he's proven himself indispensable to the police at age seventeen!"
Sherlock wakes up again in a few hours, around seven in the evening. He looks around the room. "John, where's Mycroft?"
I silently vow to Greg that I will fix his relationship with Mycroft. After all, the two of them practically became my role models for a healthy Alpha-Omega relationship. And now I screwed that up.
"Yes, I love you too."
Mycroft feels himself flush at the compliment, and hears the chuckle in response.
"You were protecting your mate," Mycroft answers tactfully.
"Just learning parts of the brain."
"Lay off, Mycroft," Sherlock responds as he stands and tugs his shirt, trying to remove the wrinkles.
"I love you, John. I always have and I always will," he answers.
"No! I want to be experienced for him."
The car arrives at the hospital, and John follows Mycroft in to the room where Sherlock is lying. His heart lurches, and he rushes forward, dropping the bag of clothes onto the floor. "Sherlock? It's John Watson. I'm here now, and I'm going to bond you really soon." Impulsively, he reaches out and runs a hand through the boy's inky black curls. Then he jumps up again.
"I'll be back soon," John tells them.
"What?" I'm surprised he has the audacity to sit there and mock me after what I just said.
"Oh. So, you like police officers?" 'Dear Lord, John, is that the best you can do? Are you really trying to engage a dominatrix in casual conversation?' he asks himself.
John nods, face grim. "How bad are they?"
Lestrade stares at Sherlock, confused. “Pardon?”
"A Perfect Match are people who are quite literally soulmates. They are perfectly suited to each other in every way. During a heat, an Omega and their Perfect Match would be driven to bond in a much more intense manner than usual. Occasionally though, the Alpha and Omega don't bond, for whatever reason. The Omega then goes into a state of severe depression, because in essence they have been denied by their soulmate. So your brother will be very easy to cure, so long as you know who his Perfect Match is and bring them here to bond Sherlock immediately."
Sherlock shoots Lestrade a look. "It was my text alert," he clarifies. "Excuse me, I need to take this."
"As usual, everything of importance. I got bonded. Lestrade, meet John, John meet Lestrade."
"I'm sorry," Sherlock says tearfully, crawling into John's lap, though he is much too large and lanky to fit. John doesn't complain. "I don't know what's wrong with me right now. I know you're right about being irrational, but the thought of you leaving is literally enough to make me want to vomit."
Sherlock is dragged along by the Alpha, which really bothers him. He's out of sight of his mate, which his Omega side knows is his protector. Of course, after shooting a bunch of men dead in Afghanistan Sherlock knows he doesn't really need a protector, but it's nice to have his mate nearby all the same, it feels safer. He frowns and considers the benefits and risks of yanking his arm from Sally's grasp. If there's anyone who he might think would actually hurt him, it would be either Donovan or Anderson, and yanking his wrist free would probably just upset her more.
'Nothing gets by you, does it? See you soon. -GL
"No."
Sherlock sighs. "Fine."
“Hopefully that will be soon.” The doctor enters right then to inform them that they will be sent home. In an hour, Sherlock and John are on a plane headed back to London. John is hooked up to morphine, with other medications in case of “break-through” pain. Based on the look on John’s face, Sherlock would deduce that every minute brings more break-through pain. He pulls out his laptop and checks his emails so he doesn’t have to stare at his mate’s face twisted in agony.
Upon arrival back to 221B, Sherlock hears his phone go off with Irene Adler's ringtone. Curiously, he digs it out. 'Merry Christmas.' it says. He shoves it distractedly into his pocket, most of his interest on the box he has noticed shoved on their front stoop. He picks it up as John fumbles with the key. They go inside, Sherlock still tossing the box- light, though there is definitely something inside- and are instantly waylaid by Mrs. Hudson. After a bit of fussing over John, Sherlock, and both babies, and general well-wishes of Christmas and having plates of cookies thrown at them they are able to excuse themselves and sneak off to their own flat.
"The housework hasn't been done!"
"I don't know, John."
The next time John speaks he doesn't stutter, which I'm glad for because it means he's growing warm. "So you're not upset I kissed Greg?"
Sherlock jumps away from the man, making Sally frown at him. "Right, sorry Sherlock," she says. "It's a force of habit," she defends to her boss. "We found this package inside the bombed flat, in a strongbox. It's got your name on it. Anyway, we x-rayed the package, there's definitely nothing explosive in it, but we can't promise that there isn't any biological agents. I would recommend opening it with a pair of gloves and a mask-" Sherlock takes the package and rips it open, dumping the contents into his hands. "Or you could just rip it open," Sally mutters in exasperation.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll try.”
"Yeah, fine. Do it again."
"Don't be dumb. You already are helping. Just don't ask questions we can't answer."
My hand flies up in a placating manner. "This isn't what you think. My Omega, Gregory, is a Detective Sergeant for New Scotland Yard."
Sherlock doesn't answer, just leans around him to open the door to 221B. "Sherlock?" John tries again.
Sherlock crawls in, then pats his leg. "Coming, John?" It feels indecent sitting on my soulmate's lap in front of my mother, but I don't have a choice. I crawl in and am instantly yanked close by Sherlock. I blush profusely. I feel his chest rumble and realize he's enjoying my discomfort.
That makes John laugh. "Honey, you can't even last a week in our flat without leaving for a case or because you're bored. You can't stay in here for the rest of your life."
"Someone just got bonded and was pulled away from their mate because their dumb best friend had to go be melodramatic in a freaking log."
"I'm sorry, what?"
"I thought I said no!" John exclaims angrily, but Sherlock has already vanished around the side of the building. He darts around the side too, glaring at his mate once he catches up. “We talked about this, I said no!”
"Or she's already dead," John suggested.
“Yeah. Here, I’ll climb in next to you, keep you warm. We’ll go to sleep together.”
The next morning I convince Greg to help me up to Sherlock's lab before he leaves for work. I also have him help me over to the table for a minute so I can 'see what Sherlock's working on.' The table is moved past the scuff mark I made, confirming that the table really is moving. I just don't know why.
Sherlock grumbles wordlessly but doesn't get up.
"Well, alright."
"Why?"
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock's clothes are dry, and they are heading down the road to Mycroft. John and Sebastian deliver Sherlock to the front door.
She tightens Sherlock's coat around herself. "I had to get my phone back somehow. He really is very clever. Don't worry, he'll be alright, he'll just sleep it off for a while." Thus saying, she rolls out the window.
"You're Gavin!" Sherlock is clearly frustrated now. "Stop interrupting!"
"My Mother got the same treatment I did. She tried to intervene for me all the time, but she got hurt worse than I did. I finally told her to stop because he hurt her worse, and I didn't want her to get hurt. She didn't always listen. The one time my Father came home- I've never seen him as drunk as he was that night. He fought with Harry-she provoked him often, and he took that out on us-and he came into my room. I was trying to sleep, laying in bed, you know." I'm talking only to Jim now. "He kissed me. Was saying all this stuff about teaching me my place and how to behave as an Omega. I screamed. My Mother came in, distracted him, took him away. The next day there were-oh God-" my voice is cracking now and I'm choking on unshed tears "he-he-" I can't finish. Molly's hand is caressing mine lovingly. She is comforting, and I relax and dig down deep for strength.
John follows Sherlock up to Mycroft's room, and he gently shoves the door open. "Mycroft?" The man in question's eyes slit open, though it's clear even that is taking a lot of effort for him. He groans again, hand twitching toward his stomach. John bustles toward him, slipping efficiently into doctor mode. "What happened?"
Sherlock hurls himself in Lestrade's arms. "Thank you. For everything."
“Did you find the pink case?” John asks.
Lestrade's face is now scarlet. "Right. Just talk to me like I'm John. Use his name."
"Yes, Mummy," he says agreeably, standing and leaning against his chair while typing.
When they go to leave, Mycroft hugs first Sherlock, then John. "Thank you. If you hadn't been here, I don't know what I would have done," he tells John sincerely.
"Between the two of us, which has experience with Omegas in heat?"
"Sherlock, who else would I love if not for you? You encourage me in my dream to be a doctor, you take care of me, you help me be strong. Who else would you have me love, if not for you?" He shakes his head. "Never doubt that my words are not being said out of obligation. I love you, Sherlock Holmes. I love your smile and your eyes and your curls. I love that you're taller than me, it makes me feel protected. I love your brilliant mind. I even love your experiments, your body parts in the fridge, and your haphazard way of cleaning. I love you, my mate, my Alpha, my Sherlock, with every fiber of my being."
"Perhaps," then his smile fades, "I just want the chance to bring them into the world," he remarks, hand curling protectively around his belly. "I could die right after that and die happy, knowing that they were here."
The tenth such house had no indication on the outside of exactly how wrong this robbery would go. In fact, it seemed at first to be going quite well. Jim took down the alarms within thirty seconds, a new personal record, and they quickly split up all over the house.
"I could deport you, and probably should," is Mycroft's answer, "but I won't. I appreciate your courage. It's refreshing." He nods once decisively, turns smartly on his heel, and prances off.
“No. Never. My parents tried to get me bonded off, but that didn’t work out too well. I knew how to scare people away, and used it to my advantage. No one likes my deductions.” He laughs. “Have you ever been intimate with someone?”
"Maybe. I don't know."
Clothes rustle inside the bedroom, someone falls on their face with a loud "Ow!" and then the door opens again. Jim and his soulmate both stumble out.
Soo Lin’s answer is interrupted by gunfire. She goes pale, and murmurs, “They’ve found me.”
"Mrs. Hudson!"
"Jealous?" I repeat, flabbergasted.
"Be safe." With this final admonition, John wanders off in search of more yellow paint.
When John wakes up, he seems very confused. “Sherlock?”
"For a unique Alpha with an even more unique Omega," answers Sherlock.
"Minor government official, if you listen to him," John chimes in.
Unfortunately, Sebastian has followed John's gaze. "Tha's  one g'd-sm'llin' Omega," comments Sebastian. John nods. "C'mon, les go tal' wif 'im." Before John can protest his friend is yanking him off his stool toward the Omega.
Sherlock can't help it, he laughs. "Clearly his information is a bit out of date, right John?"
"Then, some form of...congratulations are in order, I presume?"
Sherlock is sitting up and brushing his tousled hair when John reenters their bedroom. "Who's here, a client? I heard strange voices."
Sherlock nods after a long moment contemplating John's words. "You're right."
Mycroft's mouth falls open. "I'm not lonely, Sherlock."
"He saw the bruises," answers Sherlock. "His mind went the wrong direction."
"Pervert," Sherlock reprimands, though he arches an eyebrow at John playfully, so John knows he doesn't mind too much. After a few more minutes, he has all of the supplies gathered and the cake goes into the oven, followed by the pie into the refrigerator. Then he pulls out the chair next to John and sits down after moving his latest experiment off his chair.
I've never looked at it like that before. I think it over now. "I guess it did take a lot of strength," I allow.
"The violin is fine."
John smirks. "We solve crimes, I blog about it, and he forgets his pants, so I wouldn't hold out too much hope," he tells Mycroft sassily.
Sherlock freezes. For a good several minutes he doesn't say anything, doesn't even blink. I'm waiting for a response, for forgiveness or anger bubbling over, but I didn't expect catatonia. I stand there for ten minutes. Eventually he does blink, but nothing else. So I leave.
"Still there, Mycroft?"
She laughs. "Not at all." She deals the man holding her hostage a wicked slap across the face with the gun she pulled from him, and the man slumps to the ground. "Thank you, you were very observant. I'm flattered."
Dimmock chuckles. "That was the big brother?"
I'm so flabbergasted by this I begin running through my actions mentally. Nothing comes to mind that might require that statement.
"John!"
Lestrade answers back with the address and Sherlock quickly scrawled it down for John, leaving it taped to the inside of his door where he can’t possibly miss it. Then he hustles out the door and flags down a cab. As they drive, he pulls up information about the serial suicides Lestrade had alluded to. His interest is piqued, though he’ll wait to examine the body before he decides to take the case-many a case has sounded interesting thanks to the press, but was actually about a two.
John's mouth hangs open in shock. "You're proposing to me using a ring you pulled off a dead body?!"
"What signs? I thought your abuse was verbal?"
"He needs to eat, Sherlock," Greg tells him.
*Flashback*
John stays silent for a moment, then he says, "We should go hide. There's a killer running around."
"Stop trying to talk before you bite your tongue off. Go to sleep."
"No, Mycroft. Yes of course it's Sherlock! Ouch John that was unnecessary! The twins have been born, you're a grandmother, congratulations."
"Minor, my a*s," Lestrade says.
"Oh we have, have we?" I hear him mutter. My eyes scan him when he's not watching me. The idea of living with a cop, rooming with one, is intimidating. I begin to wonder if he's like me-does he want to be here, or have they essentially kidnapped him like they did me? Is he in love with his soulmate, or does he only tolerate him? I realize belatedly Sherlock is waiting for a response, so I nod.
His mother whirls on to Sherlock, but then she sees John and stops. "Sherlock, who is this?"
"That's not very nice," complains Sherlock, and he floats off again. However, he comes back to himself a moment later when a quiet "thud thud thud" flows through the room. "Wassat?"
In a group, the four slip alongside the school building, then off to safety.
Greg smirks a bit. "Completely voluntary. Last year, I was working a case when Sherlock showed up. He began doing that deduction thing of his where he can tell someone's life story by looking at them." I grin with relief, Sherlock can tell anyone's life story, which means I don't have the word "victim" written somewhere on my forehead.
"Jim?" John almost weeps in relief. "I'm fine. I'm alone now."
"Be calm. My name is Mycroft Holmes. John attempted to leap out of a second-story window and broke his leg. It has been reset, but we had him go to sleep and he hasn't yet woken. He will be alright."
"No, you didn't."
Once she is upstairs again, he turns to me. "Shall we go?"
Sherlock wakes from his couch with the feeling that something is out of place in his nest. There is a presence that is not welcome. Cautiously-he has to be, now that it's not just his life on the line- he palms the knife from the mantel and begins the pain-staking process of checking his nest. John is upstairs, he knows that through the bond. He moves back to check in the twins' bedroom and flings the door open. A startled gasp escapes his lips. Irene Adler is lying on the floor! Last thing Sherlock knew she was dead, and now she is here asleep in his flat. He doesn't like it, and his lips pull back in a snarl at the sleeping woman.
I realize I've been staring at Sherlock too long, because he's staring at me in confusion. Desperate for an excuse, I try for the first thing that comes to mind. "You're not eating?"
Sherlock makes a quiet gagging noise just for the sake of it.
"Fine. John protected me. He was calm, but he heard you guys coming and," he gestures helplessly to the anxious wolf pacing in front of him, "this happened."
.............................................................
"I'm awake, I'll eat now on my own." He turns his attention to the whiteboard, on which the date is written to help orient patients. "It's the fifth? It was the thirtieth the last I remember. That means I've been unconscious for seven days. Why am I here, Doctor Watson? But more importantly, why are you here? You were in Afghanistan."
Sweaty and sated, Sherlock curls up under John's arm. "Love you," John mumbles softly. Sherlock is too far gone to answer, so he just pats John's arm as he slips off to sleep.
Sherlock stares at his watch. “Five minutes and five seconds since we climbed the fence. Mycroft’s getting slower.” He enters the password into the computer and hits enter with a flourish. The desktop pops up immediately, significantly faster than any other computer John has ever seen. Must be one of the perks of being a minor government official.
"Okay, but how?" Irene demands.
John has just finished breakfast and is starting the dishes when a frantic hammering is heard. "Just a minute," John calls.
"Those men said I'm going into heat," Sherlock told him.
"And here you are, the dominatrix who brought a nation to its knees," Mycroft replies, folding the paper and stuffing it back into the envelope. He sighs, clearly resigned. "Nicely played."
"I'm fine, John," Sherlock repeats over and over as he rubs his fingers through John's beautiful blonde-brown fur. "Just tired. All my fight is gone now." John whines again and drops his head onto Sherlock's chest. "It's alright," Sherlock coos, "we're fine. We're fine." His other hand curls around his babies. "We're fine," he repeats for their benefit.
Before I can change my mind, I've identified the third ventricle-thank you textbook- and I'm pushing the pin in. I add my handwriting neatly underneath Sherlock's own sloppy notation- green pin: third ventricle.
'Donovan. -SH'
Sherlock stares at him skeptically. "Are you sure?"
The driver turns around to stare at him. “You okay, mate? You look a little strung out.”
So he builds up the strength in his arm and he builds his relationship with his Omega.
Ever so tentatively, Sherlock approaches the bed. “I didn’t mean it!”
The flat itself was beautiful, though I didn't think we'd be able to afford it, but Sherlock said we were fine. So we put down a security deposit and returned to Sherlock's family home for the last time to stay.
Once he hangs up, he orders Anthea to help him figure out a way around John Watson.
"Sure you are. Great sense of humor, unapologetic about who you are, you're stronger than the average Omega, kid."
Sebastian laughs again. “Never would’ve guessed,” he says.
John stands there with his mouth hanging open. "What the h**l, Sherlock?" he demands.
"We would like you to come dine with us this evening, if you have no other plans," Mycroft informs my mother.
“I didn’t order a taxi! Oh look, we’ve got a location!” There’s a momentary pause as he checks the screen. “Stupid! It can’t be here, I’ll refresh! It isn’t here, I would know, stupid, stupid!” He yanks his hair viciously.
John's first mistake is that he doesn't ask where, exactly, they're going at eleven thirty at night. He just climbs into the taxi with Sherlock and promptly goes back to sleep on his mate's shoulder. His second mistake is agreeing to enter the stupid museum. His third mistake will get someone killed.
The first time Sherlock proposed, John had just come back from a date. He entered their flat, and rolled his eyes at the consulting detective sitting there.
"We should get up," John tells Sherlock.
"But caring is not an advantage,"
"Who?" Sherlock interrupts.
"I've never kissed a woman, either. Will you teach me how?"
'No, no, God no, please please God no,' Sherlock thinks. He wants to get up, wants to run away, somewhere where Mycroft won't track him with CCTV and his-please, no! Anything else but this!- new mate can't find him.
As soon as John is gone down the elevator, Sherlock is up, out of his room, and standing at the elevator.
In hindsight, that seems obvious. “Oh.”
John agrees wholeheartedly.
This strikes them both as funny, and they lie in bed giggling together for a while. "No, but seriously, I love you," Sherlock says.
"Why?"
They duck off into an alcove, John pressed close enough to Soo Lin to feel her heart hammering like a hummingbird in her chest. John strains his ears to hear, and they both stare at each other in horror as the gunshots continue to ring out. John hears Sherlock cry out and silence descends on the museum. John's whole body feels cold.
"There was a man-an MOD official. I knew what he liked. One of them was showing off. He kept telling me this email would save the world. Naturally, I took a picture of it."
It hurts, but not as much as it does when Mycroft finally enters the room and finds his baby brother unresponsive. Mycroft screams and dials the ambulance, praying to a God he doesn't even believe in that his brother will be alright.
John scrambles down the stairs after his missing mate for the second time in one night. Once again, he feels the beginnings of pain, but ignores them because his mate is in trouble. He can feel Sherlock through the bond, so he knows he isn’t dead, but he is certain his mate is with a man who killed four people already for fun, and John doesn’t relish the idea of his soulmate becoming number five.
His mother gives him a strange look. "I was bonded, remember darling? You don't have to play coy for me. Of course John can stay in your room. Your room is far enough from mine that you can do whatever you want."
In the morning, Sherlock is called to a crime scene from Lestrade. He's in a mood when he gets up, and he's not at all ready to deal with Lestrade's team. Consequently he gets into a fight with Anderson the second he arrives and is kicked off the scene. He stalks off in a huff, walking home to try and calm himself down. John is...somewhere, he can't remember, but his Omega side is very angry by the absence of his mate, and the rest of him is angry at Anderson for being so stupid, and Sally for just standing there and not helping him, and Lestrade for kicking him off the scene when he was clearly at no more fault than Anderson was. If anyone deserves to be kicked off, it was Anderson for being a bloody idiot- why couldn't Lestrade see that?
"I've never begged for mercy in my life," Sherlock answers calmly.
‘Mark him!’ John pulls his mouth from Sherlock’s, but before Sherlock can protest he trails a line of kisses down his neck, pausing to briefly bite Sherlock, just hard enough to break skin.
"I'm here," Sherlock responds, then he doesn't say anything at all because John has pulled him into a kiss that literally makes his toes curl. "If this is what me being gone does, I'm going to leave more often," Sherlock quips.
“If you tell me she never loved me, so help me I will punch you. She told me she loved me, and I want to hold onto that.”
"I see. Are you familiar with the term 'Perfect Match' as referred to by Omega biologists, Mr. Holmes?"
"Yes, but no. What about a forest scene? Maybe a river with deer drinking from it, and a bunch of trees. Or perhaps a meadow of flowers?"
When I look up again, it almost seems as though Sherlock and his experimental table have moved closer. Huh, that's weird. I'm going nuts, I would've noticed him moving the table for sure.
“You’re becoming slow, Baby Brother. This type of writing is an ancient Chinese number system. In fact, the symbols here are the numbers one and fifteen.”
“Gavin, I always think you’re a moron. Like I said, it’s in your nature. You’ll fight for her because it’s what you do. You always fight for the underdog.”
John's honestly considering ripping this man's head off, and Sherlock is getting agitated too. If it's not bad enough that John's emotions are distracting him, he now has to deal with the overly-friendly man in front of him. He's trying to ignore him, trying to block it all out, but John seems to be snarling for blood. Sherlock lets his gaze sweep the man in front of him. His deductions surprise him-how blind is Molly, truly?- and the word slips out of his mouth before he can stop it. "Gay!"
Sherlock moves his arm so John can see. "Barely noticeable. You wouldn't see them unless you were looking for them."
"Later. In the time since we called, Sherlock's Omega took a flying leap out a window and broke his leg."
"Smuggling ring."
.........................................................................
Mycroft sighs. "I know."
"No," he corrected.
The man nods, not being stupid enough to tell a police officer offering him a good tip no, and idles his cab as Lestrade aids John up the stairs and into bed. Lestrade quickly finds some soup and John’s medication and gives him both, along with a full glass of water.
I'm not naïve enough or innocent enough to believe I am instantly cured of a childhood of abuse, but it feels like a step in the right direction.
"Not to be rude, but I'm cold. Can we please go back to the house?" Greg pleads.
"I am not irrational! You don't care about my feelings and you're being cruel!" Sherlock yells.
"Eighteen. Mycroft is twenty-five, and his Omega Gregory is twenty-two. How old are you?"
"Punch me! Trust me, do it now!"
“I really don’t think you should be out right now. You really don’t look too good.”
"If I understand correctly, you were the one to ban Sherlock's brother. Care to explain why? I'm getting the feeling Sherlock doesn't understand either."
As they approach, the door is flung open and the tall auburn man who had accompanied Sherlock earlier in the week came flying out. "Sherlock! Running off again, no note, I presumed the worst!"
"Very much," John practically growls.
It's silent for a bit, at least until Sherlock decides he can't see whatever it is that he needs to see through his own microscopes and drags John down to the labs at Saint Bart's.
As it turns out, the cut is small enough and shallow enough I won't need stitches. Sherlock helps me wash out the cut in the bathroom, liberally sprays the area with hydrogen peroxide, and wraps it in a bandaid. Next he kisses my bandaged finger, holding eye contact with me.
"Greg?" I ask, before I can lose my nerve. He grunts at me, so I question, "Are you like me, being held here against your will, or is it voluntary?"
"Sherlock!"
Feeling uncomfortable, John stammers, "Wasn't planning on it."
After a while, John's stomach begins rumbling its complaints. He ignores it for a while, but soon reaches the point of no return.
"I don't understand!" Exclaims John. "It was right here!"
"Do you want food or water?"
Fortunately for Sherlock, his older brother was slightly more sympathetic to his plight. He had quickly managed to ingratiate himself into the government, moving up in the ranks and subsequently gaining more power. Also an Omega, Mycroft Holmes had no time nor worries about finding an Alpha. Yes it was what was expected, but Mycroft Holmes was Going Places, as people always said (though what places his brother was going Sherlock could never be sure of) so he wasn't forced to find someone who would coddle to his every whim, and generally annoy the crap out of him trying to keep him happy in their home with a brood of pups.  Sherlock's parents understood their eldest son was too busy with his career for a family, but they could not comprehend why their youngest didn't want an Alpha. Mycroft did, which meant that while he and Sherlock did not get along, they did have an understanding of each other that no one else did. Due to this understanding of the siblings, Sherlock had run away and moved in with Mycroft last year after an uproar with their parents, and had never left.
Greg tackles him to the ground, smearing snow in Jim's face. Sebastian attacks, launching himself at Greg and hurling snowballs at him. Mycroft jumps into the fray, and is quickly joined by Mike and Molly. John hits me in the face with a snowball, and suddenly all decorum is lost as the Holmes family holds their first snowball fight ever.
“No problem,” Lestrade answers. He taps the driver on the shoulder. “Wait right here for me to get this man settled then take me back to the crime scene. I’ll pay you extra.”
"No, she's not. Andy said that the teapots were her passion. The last one she did for a tea ceremony was over two days ago. Yet the opposite tea pot had clearly been soaked in tea more recently. Solution: she's alive and in hiding."
"John, John, I want you. I love you."
John smirks a bit. "That's not what the emotions I felt when you first woke up in the hospital said, and that's certainly not what I'm feeling from you now."
"Hey, hey, it's not like that," John replies. "It's possible that Moriarty didn't know she was being killed. Or that he even ordered her to be killed for some reason that we don't know. But we're as safe as we can be. Mycroft is watching out for us, and Greg, and Sally and Dimmock. Mrs. Hudson will beat anyone who dares even breathe a bad word about us, how much more do you think she'd attack a killer for us?" That makes Sherlock laugh. "We are in danger, we know that, but just because Irene is dead doesn't mean we are next."
*Six months later*
Sherlock smiled to himself and settled onto the sofa, waiting for his boyfriend to return home.
Greg finally unlocks his feet and moves. He moves right back out the door, being sure to slam it behind him so his wife realizes she’s been caught. He plods to his car in a fog, backs out of the driveway, and drives right back to New Scotland Yard.
"Captain John Watson of the Fifth Northberland Fusiliers, ma'am. I'm sorry for your loss."
Well, there was only one way to know for sure. Sherlock jumped up from his chair and grabbed his Belstaff and his passport. "I'm going out, John," Sherlock calls.
Thanks to johhlockluv3r, who provided both the prompt and excellent suggestions when my muse gave up on me. I hope you loved this story, and that is was everything you wanted!
"He excreted feces all over the bed," Sherlock says, "and that's not good no matter how you word it."
“I feel like I’d be more concerned if it wasn’t a killer that was shot, ya know?” Lestrade muses. “That’s off the record of course, boys. Now if our killer were to strike again, then I’d have to reopen the case, but I think they’ve probably had their share of murders for the rest of their life, wouldn’t you agree, John?”
"No, you don't," Sherlock retorts.
Then, suddenly he is stopping, stopping so quickly he nearly dislocates Molly's arm since they're still holding hands. In the distance, he hears another voice shout "Stop!" and his blood runs cold with horror.
"Officially, the explosion was caused by a gas leak."
"You need to find an Alpha immediately. This way she'll give up hope for me to have children."
Lestrade begins barking orders to his people about how to disable the bomb safely. He returns to Sherlock and John, telling them to move away so they're safe. Sherlock tries, he honestly does, but his stupid transport has apparently decided not to listen to him anymore, and his legs keep buckling no matter how many times he tries to stand.
"What is wrong with you?" Sherlock demands as he massages his tender wrist.
"It's basic Omega biology!"
"Mummy, perhaps you should go rest. We can clean up for you," suggested Mycroft.
"I know," he replies softly, typing a code into the phone. "And this is just losing."
“I just made dinner!”
“Don’t worry, dear,” Mrs. Hudson tells John, patting him on his uninjured shoulder. “We’ve got all types around here.”
"Mycroft?!"
"Apparently not," John answers.
"There were bruises all over. He hurt her. She was bleeding and- from cuts and he yanked some of her hair out and it was my fault because if I had just stayed quiet it wouldn't have happened!"
Sherlock's mother ignores the fact that John is cradling her youngest, but Mycroft arches an eyebrow until it nearly touches his hairline. After a moment, he seems to decide he doesn't want to know, and returns to his computer, typing incessantly while his breakfast grows cold next to him.
