Dean opened his mouth, probably to object to the adorable part, but Castiel clenched his ass hard, effectively shutting him up.
And Sam was standing in the doorway, the empty ratatouille dish in his hands and an amused smile on his face. "Can I come in, or do you guys need another minute?"
"I don't want to talk about it," Cas cut him off gently but firmly. "Not yet. As Dean said, it's complicated."
son. Obviously, whether or not calls you Dad too will be up to him, but," he raised his head, "as far as I'm concerned, you would be his father just as much as I am. If you want to be."
"Once they sign over custody and it's all legal, we can drop the act. There's no law against unmated omegas raising kids on their own. It's just stuck up knotheads like Michael who think there should be."
"Huh. Neat trick," the man said. "Can you, um …" His eyes skated over the tattoos that wrapped around Castiel's arms and chest, words of power and protection in the ancient language of the djinn. "Could you conjure yourself up a shirt? Maybe?"
Their eyes locked again, and the air between them crackled with so much sexual tension it was almost visible to the naked eye. This was half a second away from turning into another horny make out session. Castiel took a step back and made a herculean effort to remember what they'd been talking about. Boundaries. Right.
“Thank you, Nick,” Cas said quietly, but he seemed less grateful than worried that not showing proper gratitude would have consequences.
"I'm angry at him," Castiel whispered, admitting it to himself for the first time. "I'm angry at him for leaving me to raise Claire all by myself, and I feel guilty for being angry because it wasn't his fault, and I know he would never have chosen to leave her, not like —"
Henry seemed too stunned to speak in his own defense, and honestly Castiel wasn't interested in anything he might say.
"It was … good." Castiel felt his cheeks warm under her knowing gaze. Truthfully he couldn't have explained the plot if his life depended on it. They hadn't fooled around in the dark theater, hadn't even kissed, but about halfway through the previews Dean had put his head on Castiel's shoulder, and after that it was all a happy blur. He'd never thought of cuddling as a form of foreplay, but the citrus scent of Dean's shampoo and the warm, reassuring weight of the other man overwhelmed his senses as thoroughly as a passionate kiss. "Is Claire asleep?"
When he was done, the list covered everything from mating and marriage, to joint bank accounts and buying a larger house someday, to whether Dean would legally adopt Jack and how many more children they wanted.
Doris hesitated a moment, and then she crouched down next to them and smiled kindly at Claire. "Hey, sweetheart, what's your name?"
He found wipes in the adjoining bathroom, took care of the sticky mess on his stomach and between his legs, then went back to the bed and gently cleaned Cas, trying not to jostle him too much.
"Thank you," Castiel said, tucking the paper in his pocket. "Dean, I feel I owe you an apology. For last night. I was annoyed with Naomi really, but you got caught in the crossfire which you did not deserve. I'd like it if we could start over. As friends this time."
The hot spurts of fluid landing on his own cock while Dean twitched and spent in his hand sent Castiel over the edge too, and he locked his legs as tight as he could around Dean's waist and let his head fall forward, muffling his moans in Dean's shoulder as waves of indescribable pleasure wracked his body with every pulse.
He took a deep breath and focused on nothing but those blue eyes, tuned out all the voices yelling at him to keep his stupid mouth shut. Better to get shot down than to never know, right?
“Gabriel convinced them to let me come to the funeral,” Cas said once his tears dried up again. “If I want to.”
"Tell me what you're thinking." It was soft, gentle, the request of a lover, not the demand of a boss. He lifted his hand to cup Dean's cheek, stroking lightly over the bone with his thumb. "Please?"
"I just don't like them. They're creepy and flirty, constantly touching me, and coming on to me. If the way they act in public is any indication, I really don't ever want to be alone with them."
He heard the shower start down the hall as he went into Cas' room. It was nothing like the popular image of a BDSM "sex dungeon" or whatever the kids were calling it these days. Cas had a normal bedroom with a king size bed, nightstand, and dresser. The headboard
While Charlie dealt with that, Dean ducked into the kitchen to check on the cookies. He was not hiding, he told himself, it was just very important that the cookies didn't burn. The kids would be disappointed
Most people would be alarmed to come home and see a police car in their driveway. Dean just thought,
The words played on a loop in his head. Only when he heard a low chuckle from Cas did he realize he was saying them out loud.
Castiel continued to glare suspiciously. Arguing with Naomi had taught him to be wary of traps hidden in placating words. "And there will be no consequences until you're absolutely sure who was the instigator." It wasn't a question.
Cas seized onto this nice, safe topic. "Not exactly. Photography was what I wanted to do, and technically it
His every instinct screamed at him to get back out there and comfort his omega, gather him close and assure him that he hadn't done anything wrong, and then fuck him silly please because the terror had done nothing to kill Dean's arousal, and as his body was reminding him more insistently with every passing second,
He raised his eyes to Dean's face and found the alpha staring down at his festive dick with a strange expression. "Dean? If you don't like it, we can take it off."
She just stared at him for a moment, her mouth open but no witty retort coming out. She seemed shocked, probably because she had never seen the great Dean Winchester cry. Then she leaned against his chest and said with a smile in her voice, "I love you too, Dean."
“Not really,” Gabriel said, “but none of us hate each other quite as much as Mike and Nick do. Believe it or not, they used to be best friends. They had a falling out not long after our mother died, and now they’re like those divorced couples who can’t be in the same room for more than five minutes without going nuclear.”
"He didn't have many choices. I was his only living family, and he knew from personal experience how fucked up the foster system is. Even if I don't raise her exactly the way he would have, at least I love her like she was my own. That's the most important thing. Or so I keep telling myself." Castiel cuddled closer to Dean, silently requesting a change of subject.
of Cas fucking him, tattooed biceps flexing as he pulled Dean down on his cock again and again. The way that those black feathers moved as Cas moved, Dean could easily imagine the ink wings coming alive, lifting from Cas' shoulders and spreading out behind him. Castiel, an avenging angel with flashing blue lightning eyes. It was definitely sacrilegious how hot Dean found that image.
When they arrived at Sam's office, a petite and pretty brunette omega woman was there with Sam. She gave off the refreshing scents of grass and wildflowers, but there was something steely in both her gaze and in the way she carried herself. This was not someone to underestimate. Dean liked her immediately, of course. She reminded him of Cas.
sex hair quite often these days, and Dean loved knowing that he was the one responsible for that, the only one who had ever touched Cas this way.
He reached out to rub Dean's back and laid a reassuring kiss on his shoulder, soothing him that little bit more. "Whatever it is, I promise I won't be angry. Did you date one of them or have a one night stand?"
“She copied it from an old photo,” Dean said, confirming Cas’s theory. “I was about seven, and Sam was three. We were staying with a friend of Dad’s in Virginia Beach.” He reached out to touch the painted faces as though trying to comfort the children, reassure them that life would get better if they could just survive long enough to grow up.
"Right," Cas said slowly. "I was planning to drive out tomorrow and spend the night so I could be with Jack for Christmas morning. Is that all right?"
His voice rolled over and through Castiel, smooth and dark as melted chocolate, and Castiel bit back a very undignified whimper. Dean suddenly closed the last inch of space between them and pressed their lips together, a brief, close mouthed kiss but almost bruising in its intensity. Then, just when Castiel was about to flick his tongue out and swipe along Dean's bottom lip, his tried and true method for signaling that he would like to be kissed for real now please and he could make it worth his kissing partner's while, Dean pulled away and stepped neatly out of reach.
He wasn't snooping. He was looking for a scarf to complete his Doctor Who costume for Halloween when Dean's secret literally fell into his hands. Or rather, on his head. The sharp pain caused him to lose his balance on the step stool and fall backwards onto his ass which hurt even more.
He hastily derailed that train of thought. That was a bad idea for so many reasons. Dean was his subordinate. If he made a move and it turned out that his interest was unreciprocated, he could find himself sued for sexual harassment. And even if Dean was gay, single, and interested in Castiel, there was still Claire to think about. He couldn't just bring strange men home anymore. (Not that he had really done that before, but it had at least been an option.) Even dating was going to be more complicated from now on.
insisted I talk to Mr. and Mrs. Stalker. Just let me stick to the food, you deal with the people, and everyone will get along just fine."
lenient. "Say it. Tell me with words or I'll untie you right now and you can take care of that hard on without my help." It wasn't an empty threat, and Dean knew it. Castiel had followed through on it before, much to Dean's chagrin, and Castiel would only wait so long for Dean to work up the courage to speak.
Naomi caught Castiel's eye and tipped her head questioningly towards Dean. Castiel nodded, confirming that everyone was in agreement on this.
"And does Claire understand that your relationship with this man is romantic? I only ask because I don't want to accidentally let slip something you don't want her to know. How much you tell her about your private life is completely up to you."
Michael shook off his brother’s arm violently, directed one venomous glare at Dean, and walked into the church with as much dignity in retreat as he could muster.
Claire put up a bit of a fight at bedtime, but once she was assured that Dean would still be there in the morning, she went quietly. As soon as she was tucked in with her beloved cat, Castiel pulled Dean into his own bedroom and locked the door.
Mr. Novak turned around in the doorway, his mouth forming an o of surprise that gave Dean some very specific ideas regarding what he would like to do to that mouth. “Sorry, what was that?”
Claire seemed to relax a little too. Then Ms. Mills said, "Claire, could you wait outside please while I have a quick word with your uncle? It won't take long and then you can go home." Claire immediately stiffened and gave both the principal and Castiel a narrow eyed glare before picking up her school bag and flouncing out of the office, conveying wordlessly that she knew full well they were going to talk about her behind her back and she didn't like it.
Either way, the thought made Dean feel sick to his stomach, which was weird. Their little arrangement was far from monogamous, and it had never bothered Dean that Cas let other alphas fuck him. He even got to watch sometimes which was all kinds of hot.
Castiel took it. He knew Dean often had trouble asking for what he wanted, especially when it was the exact opposite of what he'd been taught an alpha was supposed to want, so Castiel didn't insist on a formal request, merely asked, "What is your safe word?"
story and I only do happy endings. 😉 But how long will these adorable idiots take? I want to hear all your thoughts.
Dean took it almost reverently, handling its worn pages as gently as if they were the broken wings of a living creature. "This was my mom's," he said quietly.
"Yeah. No problem. I'll visit my dad and Sam tomorrow morning and give them their presents, and then we can hit the road."
Cas was looking down at his phone. "Um… Hannah texted me. She wants to know if I'm bringing my alpha to Christmas dinner. What should I tell her?" He looked up at Dean again, his brow furrowed and his posture uncertain in a way it never was when he was Doming.
When Hannah was out of sight, Michael just eyed them in icy silence for a few seconds. Castiel wanted to take charge of the situation instead of standing here waiting for Michael's judgment, but blurting out
He knew what would happen when Dean didn't actually mate him. His inner omega didn't understand that mating had never been part of the plan. It would feel rejected, which meant Castiel would have to suffer through a few weeks of pining sickness (Dean probably would too, but it wouldn't be as bad for him since he wasn't in love with Castiel), and his next heat would be terrible. Toys would barely take the edge off while his body was craving one specific alpha. He was almost tempted to ask Dean to help him out, but there was a good reason they'd never shared heats or ruts in all the years of their friends with benefits arrangement. Drunk on the heady cocktail of mating hormones, Castiel couldn't trust himself not to blurt out the truth and beg Dean to bite him.
"You didn't hurt me, Dean. I promise you this. It never made me jealous when I thought you were sleeping with Benny. You came home calm and happy, and that was all that mattered to me."
Castiel tried to glare sternly at Gabe, but it was difficult with Dean shaking with laughter beside him.
"I've never wanted anyone else," Cas said as though explaining that the sky was blue and water was wet.
"You will. And I guess that depends on how involved you want me to be. He doesn't suddenly become my kid just because we're together for real."
." Dean gestured to the pile of lace, silk, and satin on the bedroom carpet while avoiding looking directly at it.
Dean nodded, but he still smelled guilty and ashamed, and he wouldn't meet Castiel's eyes, so Castiel let go of his hand and tipped his chin up, catching and keeping the alpha's eyes with his.
“So we’re in agreement. From here on out, we are an exclusive couple until one of us says otherwise.”
Thank you so much to whoever nominated this story and two others of mine for the Destiel Fan Survey Favs collection. You made my year!
"Oh, yeah? What is it?" Dean said with cheerful skepticism. "A bottle of pruno?" Sam must have said something about a birthday present. But a moment later Dean sat bolt upright on the bed, his eyes going wide. "You're joking!"
Castiel closed his eyes, an indescribable feeling, not quite happy and not quite sad, filling his chest. "I'm sure. It's just… not how I imagined it. You know?"
"Oh." Castiel tried not to analyze his intense relief too closely. He wasn't ready to go back into the lamp yet. That was all. He was enjoying the fresh air and the conversation. It had nothing to do with the fact that every time Dean smiled at him Castiel's skin got warm and tingly in a way he hadn't felt in a very long time.
"It's amazing how much noise one small child can make, isn't it? But this is probably nothing compared to what you deal with at work every day. How many children are in your class?"
His bedroom door creaked open. He sat up and turned on the light. Claire was standing at the foot of the bed, her favorite stuffed cat clutched to her chest. His heart plummeted into his stomach. Had she been faking sleep before, waiting until she was sure that Josie and Henry were gone?
"… And Naomi says she's willing to hire Dean permanently if you agree to it. Oh, speak of the devil."
It was difficult to say who initiated the kiss. They were so close together already, it just seemed like the natural thing to do. It started off sweet, tender, and almost (but not quite) chaste. Cas was cautious, letting Dean take the lead, unsure what he was in the mood for after that emotionally draining conversation. But when Dean suddenly tumbled them over into the grass, pinning Cas beneath him and kissing like he was drowning and Cas was oxygen, it took exactly zero seconds for Cas to get with the program.
Dean chuckled. "Yeah. Can't say I have personal experience, but I've heard the nine to five thing sucks." He finished scrubbing the stew pot and rinsed the soap out of it while he tried to decide if he should dig deeper. She was definitely hiding something, and the fact that her scent was perfectly neutral was the biggest give away. Charlie wasn't neutral about anything. She wore her heart on her sleeve and shouted her opinions for the whole world to hear. "So what have you been doing?" he finally asked as casually as he could. "Larping?"
“Damn, Cas. I’d kind of figured out that your family’s rich, but I didn’t realize they were own-two-planes rich.”
"How many times do I have to tell you?" Dean said when they came up for air. "I'm not going anywhere. I can't say you're the only one I've ever wanted, but you're the only one I've ever wanted to mate, and I know that's not the rut talking cause I've wanted it pretty much since the first time we had sex."
"I was. I didn't want to come yet." Cas pushed at the waist of the panties. He wanted to do this before they got cool and tacky.
Castiel wished he could. He would like nothing more than to spend their first Valentine's Day together right here in their bed, cuddling and talking and making love until they were both too exhausted to go again, but work and parenthood called, so eventually they cleaned up and got dressed.
"Okay," Castiel said, and his breathlessness and racing heart were only partly from the thorough kissing he'd just been given. "So tell me … tell me how you feel about me." He wasn't going to ask for anything more specific than that. The words had to be Dean's own, not spoon fed to him.
Also, Nick is basically Lucifer. I just can't see devout Catholic parents naming their child after the devil.
“I was six. Or almost six. Only Gabriel remembered my birthday that year. He made me a peanut butter sandwich and stuck a candle in it.” Cas smiled a little at the bittersweet memory. “But I’m not sure if she was already dead or just in the hospital. That whole period of time is a blur.”
His phone rang. He snatched it up, hoping it might be Dean. Phone sex was way better than lonely masturbation even if the process was basically the same. But when he saw the number for Claire's school, all thoughts of getting off fled his mind, replaced with every worst case scenario his imagination could conjure up. He fumbled to mute Julia Child and answer the call at the same time, almost dropping the phone.
"It's okay," Dean reassured him. "Just tell me what happened. I take it family dinner didn't go well."
"Uh huh," Cas moaned, gripping Dean's hip hard enough to leave bruises, something he already knew Dean loved. "Can I borrow them sometimes?"
Dean sat up suddenly and hugged his knees to his chest. Cas stayed lying down, honoring his unspoken request for space. "I wanted to be proud of him," Dean said, his voice getting a little choked. "I really did, but I just felt so …"
"Yes," Castiel said with a smile. "They can. But I think you should wait until you're older before you decide which one you like. I know boys might seem kind of icky right now, but things change as you grow up."
Grace leaned companionably against his leg, and he scratched behind her ears while he searched for an interesting book to pass the time until Dean returned.
There was a moment of perfect stillness in which it seemed like neither of them even breathed. Then Cas surged forward and crashed his mouth into Dean's.
He took his time just like he'd said he would, but Castiel had thought that would at least involve some touching. Dean didn't even touch himself. His erection wilted a little as he concentrated on stretching and relaxing, but he did nothing to reawaken it. Castiel was granted no such reprieve. He remained insistently hard the entire time.
and parked the Impala at the curb so he wasn't blocking her in. But when he walked through the door and saw Jess in tears on the couch, Sam with his arms around her, and Jodi rubbing her back soothingly? Yeah,
Every trace of self consciousness was gone from Dean. He was looking at Cas with the same shameless, unrestrained desire that Cas had seen in those beautiful eyes the very first time they made love and every one of the countless times since. And there was something extra this time. A soul deep relief and gratitude that they could share this too. In that moment Cas resolved that Dean's pantie collection was never going back into that shoe box. It would go in their underwear drawer, neatly folded as befitted such beautiful things, and he would add to it on every anniversary and Valentine's Day and just whenever he saw something that made him think of Dean.
It was hard and hungry and demanding. Dean responded instantly, but ever the gentleman, he had to make sure this was really what Cas wanted before he surrendered to his own desire. "Cas, you don't …" He groaned as Cas attacked his neck, biting hard enough to leave marks, but he rallied. "You don't have to do this just for my benefit."
Castiel thought. Aloud he said, "Saint Bart's is more than an hour away from where I live, Hannah. How is Jack supposed to go there if he's living with me?"
"I missed this," Dean said, his voice getting rougher as he watched Castiel turn to putty in his hands. "I mean, not
Dean rubbed a hand over his face, wiping away a few tears. Cas thought that was the end of the story, but again he was wrong. "That was the last time we talked for a while," Dean went on, his voice steadier but his expression still pained. "Benny left, and I started dating this guy, Aaron, but that only lasted about a month. I was still hung up on Benny, and Aaron … He was a really sweet guy. He deserved to be more than somebody's rebound. And then …" Dean gave a short, huffing laugh that didn't sound remotely happy. "Then Benny came home on leave, and damned if I didn't jump right back in bed with him. Didn't even need to get drunk first."
Meanwhile Dean was getting an equally affectionate greeting from Grace. “Oh, gross,” he said, wiping dog spit off his face and glaring at her. Grace panted at him unrepentantly, and Dean didn’t actually seem all that annoyed.
Dean froze. He felt Cas go very still on the other half of the loveseat, but he didn't dare turn to look at the omega.
"Neither did I," Castiel chuckled. His ears were still ringing, and his own voice sounded a little muffled. "I propose we stay right here for the rest of the day and see just how good it can get."
. "Dean." He put a calming hand on the other man's arm, feeling the muscles jump with every movement of the knife. "Dean, stop for a minute."
Dean smiled, one of his warm, completely genuine smiles that he only ever seemed to give Castiel and Claire, and reached out to touch Castiel's cheek. "It's sweet that you're worried about me, babe, but I care about you more than I care about my career."
Dean laughed and climbed back onto the bed, prowling toward Castiel on all fours until he was caging the omega in with his body. "Glad you think so." Green eyes darted down to where Castiel's hard cock curved up against his stomach, and then back to Castiel's face. "Speaking of my ass, when you said you wanted to fuck, did you mean…"
They moved around each other, getting settled, and it was almost easy, almost comfortable, but there was still that lingering tension. It was all suddenly very real. They were actually doing this, and one misstep while they were in this house could destroy Castiel's last chance of getting his son back, but somehow that wasn't the worst part. The risk of Michael catching them in a lie didn't scare Castiel half as much as the nagging feeling that this was going to spell the end of their friendship; that something had been irreparably broken between them the second that Dean bit him, that he
Cas blinked at the patently ridiculous question, then realized what Dean meant and laughed. "Oh. The baby toys. I was hired to do a newborn photo shoot, so I thought I should pick up some supplies."
Castiel glanced at Claire. She was busy decorating her paper placemat with the crayons the restaurant provided for that purpose, but he knew that didn't mean she wasn't listening to every word. "We can discuss it later," he said, "while we're working off the pancakes." He scraped his fingers lightly along the inseam of Dean's jeans, watching Dean's pupils dilate, but withdrawing his hand before he could get the man  unfairly worked up in a situation where they couldn't do anything about it.
Dean met Castiel's eyes, his cheeks flaming, and said quietly but clearly, "I love being tied up and fucked on your cock. Please fuck me, Omega." There was a defiant tilt to his chin, but Castiel knew it wasn't defiance of his Dom. It was defiance of everyone else, the whole world that had told him all his life that this was the wrong way for an alpha to be, that no 'real alpha' enjoyed getting fucked more than he enjoyed doing the fucking, and certainly no 'real alpha' let an omega tie him up and boss him around.
"No, it's quite the opposite. They love everything I make. They've offered me a job as their personal chef multiple times."
After what felt like hours but was probably only a few minutes, his body reached the limit of its ability to continuously produce tears, but he continued to cling to Dean, his breath hitching a little in his chest.
Pam’s expression softened. “Always a gentleman, our Dean. Can I get you anything else? Dessert special’s cherry pie.”
Dean held out his hand. The dog sniffed it, gave it an approving lick, and allowed him to scratch behind her floppy ears. “Who’s a good girl?” Dean asked rhetorically which earned him a big, tongue lolling doggy grin from Grace and a small smile from Mr. Novak. Dean wasn’t sure which one was more adorable. (No, that was a lie. It was definitely the human.)
Castiel took his time stretching the kinks out of his back before he deigned to pay attention to his new master. The man was certainly easy on the eyes. Not that that really mattered, but it would make this whole ordeal slightly more bearable for Castiel.
By the time they were settled back on the couch with their cocoa however, the easy atmosphere had completely evaporated. They were as awkward and uncertain of each other as if they were meeting for the first time. Fortunately the movie gave them something to do other than make conversation, but Castiel had never really liked action movies, and his mind kept wandering back to Dean's offhand comment.
Grace finished her plate of raw ground beef and began eyeing the humans’ food covetously. Cas ignored her, but he also pretended not to notice Dean slipping her fries under the table.
"Look at the dates. Not all those restaurants went out of business, and as far as I can tell he's never been fired. Everyone gives him glowing references, but he's never stayed anywhere longer than two years."
Castiel's back was already up over Michael's casual assumption that he had the right to choose a school for Jack without even consulting Castiel, and he always hated it when people belittled Dean for choosing an 'omega profession'. "Dean is very good at his job," he said. "His students love him. In fact, he's the most popular teacher in the school."
"I know," Castiel said. "We have to stop him. One way or another." And in Castiel's vast experience, angels did not listen to reason when they were on a mission. He certainly hadn't.
“A raw patty for the dog. I know. You’re my favorite customer,” she said to Grace. “I could do your order in my sleep.”
"Of course." Sam ducked his head contritely. "Castiel. I want you to know that I really appreciate you giving me this chance to earn your trust."
"Of course." Castiel helped her lever herself up off the soft mattress and made sure she was steady on her feet before he let go. He was relieved that she had accepted his offer so easily. She was a grown woman, and he was pretty sure that no one had ever stopped her from doing exactly what she wanted to do, but even so he would never have forgiven himself if she'd driven off half asleep and gotten into an accident.
"And that was how it went for the next eight years. Some places were better than others, but nothing lasted long, and I learned not to get my hopes up. Jimmy and I weren't often in the same home, especially as we got older. It's rare to find a foster family willing to take on two teenage boys, and I had gotten a reputation as a challenging child. Not undeserved. I was… I was very angry."
Dean blinked at him for a moment, his lust drunk brain clearly struggling to process words. Dear God, he was beautiful, all flushed,  disheveled, and
"Something Michael said to me got me thinking. He, um… well, he made some crack about me not being alpha enough to knock you up with babies of my own, and that was the only reason we wanted Jack. Cas, do you think this whole thing could be because Hannah can't get pregnant and Jack is their only chance to have a child?"
"Your big Sasquatch hands are probably mashing all the buttons at once. How can you even see what you're doing?"
"Oh, please," Castiel scoffed. "The man wouldn't know properly cooked foie gras if I shoved it down his throat, which you may have noticed I did not do. I think I deserve some credit for that. And the only reason I was there in the first place was that
“He’s smart enough to keep the details to himself. They think he makes obscure art films. They also don’t know that he’s bisexual, or that he married his wife in a Hindu ceremony. Gabriel is a much better liar than me.”
"Speaking of the wedding," Cas said when Pam left to take care of her other customers, "is it too late to change my mind?"
Naomi's look was treading the line between sympathy and pity this time. "You and I both know that permanent doesn't mean the same thing in this business as it does in the normal world. I don't think he'd leave without giving notice and giving us a chance to find a replacement. But a sous chef is easier to replace than a lover. Just … think about this carefully, Castiel. Like I said, I'd hate to see you get hurt."
Before Cas could process this horrific turn of events, a heavy hand was shoving him onto his knees and rough fingers were grabbing his jaw, forcing his mouth open. He would have screamed then if he could, but all he could get out was a tiny whimper. He was literally paralyzed with fear. There was a clinking noise as the man fumbled one handed with his belt, and Cas used the last of his muscle control to close his eyes. Maybe if he didn't watch it wouldn't be so bad. Maybe it would be over quickly and then the man would leave him alone.
"The restaurant is closed on Monday," Castiel pointed out. "If Missouri can babysit Monday night, we can have our second date then, and that way …" He brushed his lips against Dean's but so lightly it was more a nuzzle than a kiss. "We'll have all night instead of just a couple hours before I have to pick up Claire from school. You did say you wanted to take your time." He pressed their lips together more firmly.
Dean wondered how much of the conversation he had overheard on his slow, careful way down the stairs, but Cas didn't mention it, just munched happily on his snack while insinuating himself into Dean's arms like a sleepy toddler. When he bent down to feed Grace a piece of bacon, Dean exchanged a look with Sam over his head.
The man who had been complaining looked at Castiel, took in his white coat, and in a feat of brilliant deduction said, "Ah. You must be the chef."
Once he got past the taste, there was actually something deeply satisfying about it. Not the blood, but the connection. His teeth buried in Cas's flesh, the omega pliant and trusting beneath him. His inner alpha was so happy it didn't even care that he wasn't fucking Cas yet.
As he brushed his fingers through the silky strands of Jack's hair, he reached a decision. As soon as he and Dean got home, they would talk to Sam. It was time to stop playing by Michael's rules, and time to stop begging for what was already his. One way or another, he was getting his son back.
"Because I thought you were this nice to all your friends, and I didn't want to make things uncomfortable between us. What was your excuse?"
here. He has friends. He has a place waiting for him at Saint Bart's. But you want to take him away from the only home he's ever known, and for what? Your own selfish pride?!"
That wasn't far from the truth, and Castiel wondered what it looked like from the outside. Was it obvious to everyone or only to Dean? Anna was also frowning at him in concern now that Dean had pointed it out. He made an effort to shake off the memories and focus on the present. "I'm fine. Anna just gave me some news that took me by surprise. She's quitting the restaurant business to be a full time mother, so the job is yours permanently. If you want it."
Dean shifted uncomfortably, but he didn't pull away from Cas. If anything he clung on tighter like he was afraid that
Cas sat up slowly, relieved when the room didn’t tilt and spin around him, but he still kept one hand on Grace’s back while they walked to the bathroom. He was much more prone to fainting early in the morning when his body was still adjusting to consciousness. Grace kept pace with him perfectly and watched him carefully while he went through his morning routine, alert for any sign of unsteadiness.
"I doubt she'll give you any trouble," he told Missouri when Claire was out of earshot. "Honestly, she's so well behaved that it's starting to worry me. I almost wish she'd throw one good tantrum so I know she's still a kid underneath it all. I know, I know," he added quickly. "Be careful what you wish for."
But mating… mating was different. Cas wouldn't just be warming another alpha's bed for a night or a weekend. He would
"Hey." Dean reached out and gently tipped the omega's chin up until their eyes met. "You got no competition, sweetheart. From anyone. You're the only one I want."
"We're not keeping score, babe," Dean cut him off gently but firmly. "That's not how this works. Everyone's allowed to be a little bit selfish sometimes, and this is definitely one of your times. You just lost your dad. You're tired, and you're stressed, and your family is making this ten times harder than it needs to be, and I'm sure seeing your stepmother today stirred up all kinds of shit you haven't thought about in a while."
Missouri looked up from her knitting as they came through the door. "You're early. How was the movie?"
Claire was disappointed that she wouldn't get to go to the restaurant every night, and since it was the only thing she'd shown enthusiasm for in weeks, Castiel relented a little and promised she could still come with him on weekends provided she behaved for Missouri and went to bed on time every school night.
Sam smiled a little sadly. "Yeah. So when do I get to meet him? No pressure or anything, but I do need to make sure he's not a gold digger who's only interested in your huge house and six figure salary."
Dean wordlessly handed Castiel the cup. Castiel took a sip and hummed with pleasure as the flavors unfolded on his tongue. Sweet and floral without being cloying.
Before he could do more than stare at her with his mouth open, she smiled sweetly and said, “Be right back with your pie.”
He was feeling quite proud of himself as he dished out the food. His first week of parenting had involved a lot of pizza and fries, and he'd been uncomfortably reminded of the meals his mother used to put on the table when she happened to remember that she had two children who needed to eat. But there was just so much to do, the funeral to arrange and the house to pack up and put on the market, so he'd promised himself that as soon as he was back on familiar ground, he would do better. And he had. Their first day back he had produced a wholesome, filling dinner practically out of thin air.
The smell of the disinfectant made his eyes sting, but anything was better than the scent of Cas's pain.
"I think you're the most amazing person I've ever met." Dean kept his face buried in Castiel's neck, and Castiel understood the impulse to avoid eye contact in a vulnerable moment, so he didn't try to make him pick up his head. Besides, it was nice to feel the words humming along his skin. "You're funny and gorgeous and nice. Much nicer than people give you credit for. Nicer than you give
Castiel knew now that trusting Luc had been rather naïve of him, but mating the dick certainly wouldn't have made the situation
Dean took his tongue out of Cas's mouth and called back, "Yes, Mom." Then he took Cas's hand firmly in his and led him into the dining room, both of them still pink cheeked and with kiss swollen lips, and no one batted an eye.
“I was about to say the same to you,” Cas chuckled. “How is it we’ve never been here at the same time?”
“Mm-hmm,” Cas said, most of his attention still on hotel reservations and car rentals. Dean had offered to take care of all that, but Cas had insisted that since he knew Boston better it made more sense for him to work out the logistics. Dean suspected he just wanted something to keep his mind occupied, but either way it did make sense. “Two of them actually. He calls them Thor and Loki.”
Cas didn't pick up his sandwich right away, and when he had stared at it for almost two minutes, Dean swallowed and said, "If you're not hungry, I can put it in the fridge for later. Or I could make you something else. You want an omelet?"
. To his credit the warning rumble only lasted about two seconds before he got himself under control, and then he looked and smelled more embarrassed than anything else, but it was an unmistakable declaration of
She picked up her spoon and swirled it around a few times. Then she gave him a look that said quite clearly without words,
"Oh, yeah," Dean said with a smirk, leaning in close to Castiel and lowering his voice. "A man who can bake a good pie
Castiel was happy to oblige, sucking three impressive hickeys onto Dean's left hip before moving over to give the other side the same treatment. Dean's fingers curled tighter in Castiel's hair, tugging and scratching at his scalp, and Castiel had to palm his own neglected cock through his pants. The bathroom echoed with moaned curses and praise, and anyone passing the door would surely hear Dean's litany of, "Fuck, Cas. Yeah, just like that. Fuck, I love you," but Castiel didn't care if the whole world heard. Hell, he'd shout it from the rooftops.
Dean's head snapped up, and his eyes were so dark that Castiel could see his own bewildered face reflected in them. "Of course I want you here, Cas," Dean said, his rough, strained voice sending pleasant shivers down Castiel's spine. "But I don't want you to feel like you
Once the food was ordered, they put on pajamas and moved down to the living room so they would hear the door when it arrived. Castiel put on one of Dean's favorite makeover shows (not that Dean would ever admit to liking it, but Castiel knew him far too well), and they cuddled up like always, fitting themselves into each other's personal space with barely a thought. After the emotional roller coaster of the past few days, this was reassuring in its simple familiarity.
Cas shook the offered hand and said, "My pleasure," but his smile looked forced, and his tone was flat if not downright frigid.
Dean didn't bother with a witty retort, choosing instead to focus his energies on locating the orange juice.
Their faces were about an inch apart, and they both had their eyes open, and Dean thought vaguely that this was way more intimate than an adrenaline fueled one night stand had any right to be, but he didn't care. The lost, blissful, utterly trusting look Cas was giving him was possibly the single sexiest thing he had ever seen.
). They were just friends. Friends who had been sharing a bed every night because neither of them could sleep soundly unless the other was less than an inch away.
On his way back from the bathroom, he caught the scent of bacon and detoured to the kitchen. Sam was standing at the stove, Grace hovering hopefully beside him. He smirked as his rumpled brother came shuffling in. "Worked up an appetite, huh?"
Dean took a deep breath and pushed away his anger on Cas' behalf and his worry that even if their ruse worked, Michael would just find another half-baked excuse to keep Cas' kid from him. Cas was stressed enough for both of them. It was Dean's job to help him relax and forget about the world outside the scene. Within the scene, there was no stress or worry because there was no uncertainty. Cas was in complete control for as long as Dean let him be.
He wasn't sure how long he stood there with the crisp, pale blue button down getting wrinkled as he crushed it to his nose. He breathed in deeply, seeking out every trace of that fresh rain and green leaf scent. Gradually his heart rate slowed, the invisible weight on his chest eased up, and the buzzing in his head receded. He took a few more deep sniffs of the shirt, then, feeling suddenly ashamed of himself, shook it out and hung it back up, doing his best to smooth out the wrinkles. He prayed that Cas wouldn't notice.
hugging you. He didn't even actually touch you, and still for a second there I wanted to rip his head off."
"Hey, Cas. What's up?" Dean couldn't help the way his eyes flickered to Cas' neck where his claiming mark was currently hidden with makeup since Cas hadn't wanted to deal with his coworkers asking who the lucky alpha was. Though a part of Dean wanted everyone to see it and know that Cas was
“I own a gardening store,” Cas said, “and I raise honeybees.” He took a fry from Dean’s plate since his own were gone. He didn’t ask permission.
The pillow ended up on the floor as did their clothes, and soon Castiel was on all fours in the middle of the bed, rocking back onto his alpha's cock. This wasn't usually his preferred position. He liked to be able to see Dean's face, but when an alpha was in rut his knot could last up to an hour. This position would allow them to wait it out in comfort and even fall asleep while still tied together. It was fortunate that the cast had come off Castiel's wrist last week or this would have been much more complicated.
The man was still holding Castiel's lamp and a polishing cloth. He suddenly dropped both. The lamp bounced off the corner of the coffee table on its way down, acquiring a new dent. Castiel was viciously pleased. He loathed that thing.
Dean risked taking his eyes off the road for a moment. It was clear from his expression that he hadn't meant to say that out loud so soon, but he didn't look like he wanted to take it back either. "Yeah, I do. I love you. You don't have to say it if you're —"
Castiel's last thought before he fell asleep was that he could handle anything life threw at him as long as every day ended like this, with him and Dean together in their bed and Claire sleeping peacefully across the hall. He could face anything as long as he had his family.
"Really. Personally, I am neither firmly monogamous nor polyamorous by nature. As long as my partner or partners are happy and satisfied, so am I. So tell me what would make you happy."
"Dean, can I ask your opinion on something?" Castiel said during a quiet moment after closing one night when they were the last ones left in the kitchen.
Then one night they were on the couch watching something called "Dr. Sexy". Castiel had just decided that he really didn't like the main character who was pompous and self centered and not nearly as good looking as Dean when he noticed that Dean was leaning sideways into his space. He turned, expecting to find the man falling asleep, but those green eyes were wide open, staring at Castiel like … like he hung the moon, the stars,
"You're very lucky I can't punish you tonight," Castiel grumbled as he finally sank a finger into Dean's tight heat.
But Dean was shaking his head even before the question was fully formed. He had clearly corrected this assumption more than once. "No. Car accident. He was driving here from the airport, coming home for Christmas, and a tractor trailer hit a patch of black ice, spun out, took three cars through the guardrail with it. They said his neck was broken, so he probably died instantly." This was all said in a flat, toneless voice.
comes to her snooty, overpriced restaurant. If she doesn't think your safety is worth losing a couple of asshole customers over, then believe me, there are dozens of restaurants in this city that would jump at the chance to hire
"No," Dean chuckled. "Wouldn't have worked out anyway. We became good friends though, and in the meantime her mom taught me to cook. I enjoyed it so much that I decided to save up and put myself through culinary school. I had the idea that I wanted to open my own restaurant, but …" He trailed off, looking a little wistful.
Castiel glanced at Dean to see if this phased him at all, but of course Dean just looked back, completely non-judgmental. He had stood by his brother through a murder charge. Teenage anger management issues weren't going to make him turn his back on Castiel.
The next few minutes were a blur. Somehow Castiel's clothes disappeared in between kisses, and so did Dean's jeans and underwear. They fell into the big bed, a tangle of grasping, needy limbs, with hands and mouths seeking out every sweet spot on each other's bodies that they knew of (which was pretty much all of them after five years). As much as Castiel loved dominating Dean and receiving the precious gift of his submission, that privilege of caring for him at his most vulnerable, it also felt good to occasionally let go and indulge in some impulsive, unplanned, see-where-the-moment-takes-us sex.
When he came down enough to notice his surroundings again, he sensed immediately that something was wrong. Cas' scent had changed from thunderstorms to stagnant water, and he wasn't looking at Dean but at the door.
Castiel was only dimly aware of an argument taking place above his head. A restaurant employee had come over and was telling the woman to leave. The woman was protesting that she was a paying customer, and the employee was explaining less than patiently that that didn't give her the right to harass the other paying customers and frighten their children. But between Claire's screaming and his own mounting panic as he tried and failed to calm her down, Castiel had no attention to spare for anything else.
“Mmm. Honeybees are essential to the ecosystem. If they go extinct, humans won’t be far behind. Plus, they’re just fascinating creatures. No one tells the bee which flowers to pollinate, and yet its path is anything but random. There’s an underlying structure to nature just like one of your engines, only far more complex. It’s beyond human comprehension, and yet the bee, whose brain is smaller than the tip of a baby’s pinky finger, understands it instinctively.” He noticed a slightly glazed look in Dean’s eyes. “I’m sorry. I’m boring you. I should have warned you that once you get me started on this subject, I can talk your ear off.”
Dean mistook his tension for discomfort at the idea of Dean biting him and quickly said, "We don't have to. We could fake it with makeup or something."
, despite the tantalizing compost pile behind the greenhouse. Grace had tried to chase Claire only once. The tiny tabby had stood her ground and swatted the big dog across the nose. After that they were best friends, even napping together in the sun while Cas was working in the garden.
"It's fine," Cas said. "No harm done." The reek of alcohol and vomit assaulted his senses, and he breathed shallowly as he tried to slide past the man in the narrow hallway.
Slurred or not, it was an order, and Dean happily obeyed. He could feel both their heartbeats, and Cas's skin was almost feverishly hot against his, and he never wanted to move again. He buried his face in the curve of Cas's neck and breathed the scent of him — sweat and sex and fresh earth after rain. "Cas?"
I sincerely apologize for the long wait. A huge thank you to MandalaRose for being so patient with me. Thank yous are also in order for my beta reader,
Sam nodded, and he didn't shrink under the weight of Castiel's gaze. He actually seemed to gain a little confidence, sitting up straighter. Castiel wondered how long it had been since someone besides Dean had spoken to him like an equal. "He loves you, you know," Sam said out of the blue.
He felt Cas smile against his neck, and the omega's scent got a little bit happier although it was hard to tell under the stronger odors of musk, sweat, slick, and come that pervaded the air.
"No," Cas said flatly. "I don't much care what God thinks anymore. I just don't want …" He sighed, his shoulders slumping in defeat. "I don't want professionalism, Dean. I don't want the first person who touches me that way to be just doing their job. I want someone who knows me, who cares about me, who …" His voice dropped to a whisper. "Who loves me." A few more tears trickled silently down his cheeks. "And now the opportunity to find that has been stolen from me, and my only choices are to give my first time to a stranger or to die. It's unfair, but it is still my choice. My free will." He smiled sadly through his tears and reached out to caress Dean's cheek, but the mask was in the way, so he ended up touching Dean's temple like some strange attempt at a Vulcan mind meld. "I'm glad I got to see you again," he said. "One last time."
Castiel turned and almost immediately forgot what the question had been. The fridge was big but still a relatively small space for two grown men to share, and the forced proximity plus the cold made Castiel suddenly acutely aware of Dean's body, how big and warm and solid it was. God, what would it feel like to be pinned under that broad chest or to wake cuddled up against it?
Dean blushed even brighter at that, but a shyly pleased smile teased at the corners of his mouth, and his scent sweetened again.
"I'll bet," Sam muttered, then realized he was having a conversation with a dog. Oh, well. There were crazier things he could do. "You want to wait downstairs with me?" he asked. "There's food and you won't have to listen to
"I was kind of hoping you'd pick those," Dean said as Cas held them out to him. "They're my favorite." He started to undo his belt, then hesitated. "Cas, could you … could you close your eyes? Just this once. I know you've seen me naked plenty of times, but this is different."
Dean nodded, gave Cas a weak but grateful smile, and said, still in that very quiet voice that Sam knew meant he was fighting tears, "I, um … I need some air." He was halfway out the door when he noticed that Grace was following him. He gave her a bewildered look and glanced at Cas, clearly expecting him to call her back.
"Yes." Cas swallowed the last bite of his burger and cleaned his fingers with a napkin. "Dean, they're going to be newlyweds. Much as they love you, they're gonna want their privacy."
Clearly thinking along the same lines, Dean said, "No, you sound upset. What's wrong, babe? Did Naomi pull some new crap?"
"No, although it is child related." He took out his phone, pulled up the Amazon link he had saved, and showed it to Dean. "I'm thinking of getting this for Claire for Christmas. Is it too much? I don't want to seem like I'm bribing her to like me, but this is her first Christmas with me and I really want it to be a good memory, and she's so fascinated by the restaurant —"
Castiel spun around, and there was Dean, still in his coat and scarf, nose and cheeks pink with cold, and an expression of utter shock and disbelief on his face. For a moment, Castiel's confidence faltered. "You… you said you liked pie."
Castiel burst out laughing. It went on so long that people at nearby tables turned to look at him. "What …" He struggled to stop laughing long enough to talk. "What would you do if you did?"
"I missed you." He sucked on Dean's neck and pinched his nipples, determined to get him hard as quickly as possible. "I want you to fuck me."
It took him a few tries to locate Dean's prostate, but Dean was already riding high on the glorious feeling of Cas inside him and their combined scents swirling around them in a heady cocktail that smelled to Dean like
The next few chapters are a little angstier than the rest of the story, but not Dean and Cas fighting angsty. More hurt/comfort. Emphasis on the comfort, I promise.
“You know you’ve already got me in bed, Cas,” Dean chuckled. “You don’t have to keep sweet talking me.”
Castiel sighed. "Me and Dean." He'd guessed that was going to be the topic of this conversation, but he'd hoped he was wrong, particularly since only he had been called onto the carpet and not Dean. He would have felt much more confident with Dean's warm, reassuring presence at his side, but he wasn't going to show weakness by calling for backup. "There's no rule against it," he said, trying not to sound too defensive, "and our behavior has been nothing but professional during work hours. What we do in our free time is none of your business."
"Hey, babe." Dean poked his head out of the kitchen, saw the bags, and immediately came to relieve Cas of his burdens and give him a peck on the lips. "How was your day?"
It was a good thing Castiel had already confirmed that he found Dean attractive because he was still too much in shock to kiss back. "Um, no, probably not," he agreed when Dean pulled away after a few seconds. "So you … I … we …" He gave up on forming a coherent sentence, put his cup down on the coffee table, took Dean's cup out of his hands and put it safely out of the way as well, then finally climbed into the other man's lap and kissed him like it was going out of style.
When he went back into the bedroom, Dean had rolled onto his stomach and buried his face in Cas’s pillow. The edge of the blanket just barely covered his ass, and Cas took a moment to enjoy the view. Then he noticed something that made his stomach clench and his breath catch in his chest. The morning light coming through the window revealed faint scars crisscrossing Dean’s back. They were old, faded to white just slightly paler than the rest of the skin.
me than with disciplining him as he needed, and you…" That soft, condescending laugh again. "Well, no offense, Dean, but it's obvious you don't have much alpha in you at the best of times, let alone when you're too infatuated to see straight."
That was true. Naomi had thoroughly ignored Cas and Dean, not even glancing in their general direction, but just being in the same room as her had brought it all rushing back. Living in constant fear of the next punishment. That frantic, subconscious drive to try harder, be better, be perfect and maybe he would be safe. But nothing he did was good enough. There was something wrong at the core of his being, a flawed design.
Dean's pupils, already dilated with lust, blew so wide that only the thinnest ring of green was visible behind his glasses, and a choked moan escaped him.
Dean jolted awake as the front door slammed so hard the windows vibrated. He sat up, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and groping for his glasses among the takeout containers on the coffee table, the debris of his lonely dinner. He didn't need to see to know who had slammed the door as the rotting leaves and stagnant water smell of Cas' anger was assaulting his nose as badly as the noise had assaulted his ears. But once the blurry figure in front of him came into focus, he saw that Cas wasn't just ordinary pissed. The omega was pale and shaking, his eyes  glowing blue lightning and his face ashen. His expression was simultaneously livid and terrified.
"You don't have to get up yet, Dean," Cas said. He was pulling on the t-shirt and sweatpants he had neglected to wear to bed last night. His hair was a wild mess like it always was in the mornings, and his jaw looked deliciously scruffy.
Castiel's fork clattered loudly on his plate. On the bright side, that had taken care of his semi more efficiently than a cold shower ever could. "They what?"
Dean did. Then he came over to the bed and propped one knee on the edge of the mattress, looking down at Cas speculatively. That look set Cas’s skin on fire. Dean was taking his time deciding exactly what he wanted to do, and whether he knew it or not, there was almost nothing Cas wouldn’t let him do. Cas had trusted him completely since the night Dean had stayed, holding him and helping him through his attack without ever making him feel weak or pitiable.
Hannah didn't answer, her attention apparently absorbed by a stubborn stain on the bottom of the roasting pan.
Castiel couldn't help watching Dean's hands as they resumed assembling the dessert. They were big, rough with the scars and callouses that every chef acquired from years of working with hot metal and sharp knives. But their movements were deft, gently handling the delicate berries so as not to bruise them. Castiel wondered if those hands were equally skilled in other … areas …
They sat at the kitchen table and drank their coffee in silence for a while. It was a little awkward but not unbearably so. "You're a photographer?" Dean said finally.
Michael, however, looked anything but pleased. His mouth pressed into a thin, hard line, and Castiel knew what that was about. He, an omega, had dared to insert himself into a conversation between two alphas. Michael glanced at Dean, clearly expecting him to reprimand Castiel to remember his place, and when Dean did no such thing, only gazing at Castiel with gratitude and soft, warm affection in his eyes, Michael's mouth got even thinner.
at least once a week, and they both flirted with Castiel, often at the same time like some kind of pervy competition.
Hannah ducked her head and hurried away towards the kitchen, refusing to make eye contact with either Castiel or Dean. Castiel wasn't sure if that was because she felt guilty for ratting them out or because she was embarrassed about what she had seen them doing. Likely it was a bit of both.
Castiel turned from hanging his clothes for tomorrow in the closet. Dean was staring out the window at the falling snow. His expression reflected in the dark glass was indecipherable.
Missouri's look got even more knowing. "Uh huh. She was a darling as always. I'll get out of your hair now so you can enjoy the rest of your evening."
He grimaced and did not look up from the creme brulee he was finishing. If even one spot got burnt instead of lightly caramelized, he would have to toss it and start over, and if the customer complained about slow service, Naomi would reprimand the entire kitchen staff regardless of the fact that it was her fault for distracting him. "Tell them thank you but brilliant chefs belong in the kitchen."
"I always want," Dean said, and Castiel's heart twisted painfully. Of course this was just sex for Dean. Castiel was just the most convenient option.
Dean was happy to oblige, and for a few hours nothing existed but the two of them in their little oasis of candlelight, making their kind of love.
about?" Dean wasn't nudging. He was really asking what Castiel wanted to do, and that made Castiel want to tell him.
"Because he's a dork," Dean said and distracted Cas with a kiss before he could ask for further explanation.
His eyes flew open. Dean was staring at him, hurt and confusion and something that almost looked like hope warring in those green depths. "I thought," Castiel said cautiously, "that
He wasn't surprised that she didn't argue with him. She had been raised to always defer to alphas, even not very intimidating ones like him. An idle thought passed his mind, and he started to wonder how happy she really was in her marriage. Michael didn't seem like a very attentive mate. In fact, he seemed to take her for granted just like every other 'real alpha', assuming that she would always be there to cook his meals, keep his house tidy, and take care of his children…
"That's why I got this," Dean said, pulling a bottle of Tylenol from one of the plastic bags he had set down when he rushed to Castiel's side. He also pulled out a bottle of water and made Castiel drink the whole thing even after the pills were washed down. Only then would he give Castiel the bacon cheeseburger and fries that were in the other bag.
The next time he opened his eyes, the room was much brighter and much warmer. The clock said 11:15, and there was still no sign of Cas. A twinge of unease in Dean’s gut chased away the lethargy of his sun soaked nap. He tried to remember if anything had felt off last night. They’d canceled their plans because it was pouring rain, but they’d had fun anyway, cooking boxed mac and cheese together, ignoring the movie they’d put on in favor of making out, then moving into the bedroom when the heated kisses and teasing touches were no longer enough. It wasn’t a fancy date, but it was … the kind of thing they always did. Was that the problem? Was Cas getting bored or frustrated because Dean never did any of the romantic stuff that people did in the chick flicks Cas liked so much?
"I thought you wanted me on my knees," Dean said, but the rough timbre of his voice and the size of his pupils said he was down for whatever Castiel wanted to do.
Cas had no idea what to say to that. He was pretty sure Dean had just admitted to being gay, but not completely sure. Fortunately the coffee maker chose that moment to beep. He moved past Dean to get cups and sugar out of the cabinet. Dean didn't move, and as their arms brushed, skin on bare skin, Cas had an almost overwhelming desire to be wrapped up in the other man's warmth, to feel those strong arms around him, holding him tight and making him feel safe again. He resisted valiantly. Living in a small and not particularly open minded town had taught him to tread carefully, be one hundred percent sure before making any kind of move.
"Very nice," Max agreed. "Would you guys want to exchange numbers, get together some time? Trade gay parenting tips?" He laughed a little as he said it, but it was still clearly a serious offer.
Dean sat down on one side of the booth. Castiel slid in next to him instead of across. Dean raised an eyebrow. "Seriously?"
because Dean, Sam, and Charlie were unanimously appalled that Cas had never seen it. It was quite good if shamelessly campy. Dean and Cas both ogled the very young, very fit Val Kilmer who played the hero. Dean and Charlie quoted their favorite lines until Sam and Cas threw popcorn at them and told them to shut up. All four of them laughed at the terrible special effects.
Satisfied that Dean wasn't going to rush him, Cas went back to working himself on the alpha's cock like he was getting paid for it, moaning unrestrainedly every time he caught on Dean's knot. His head was thrown back, exposing his throat to the alpha, and Dean really wanted to sit up and lick the sweat from his clavicle, but he stayed where he was, where Cas wanted him. His denied orgasm was getting painful, but he would rather die than come before Cas was completely satisfied.
met Cas, and now there was no one else he could envision that kind of future with even if it was a dream that would never come true.
By the time they arrived at Michael and Hannah's house on a quiet street in a neighborhood Castiel could never afford in his wildest dreams, dark was falling and it was snowing in earnest. Dean pulled into the driveway behind Hannah's SUV, probably worried about a snow plow dinging Baby if he parked on the street.
Dean shrugged the shoulder that Cas wasn't leaning on. "I've never been a traditional kind of alpha."
The living room was a scene of carnage, scraps of bright red wrapping paper strewn everywhere like blood spatter, and in the center of it all Jack sat surrounded by new toys still in their packaging. There was a GI Joe action figure, a Lego set with a picture of a battleship on the box, a remote control fighter plane, and the crowning glory, a motorized tricycle designed to look like a Harley Davidson. More goodies spilled out of his stocking which had been taken down from the mantle — matchbox cars, little green army men, and those pellets that you soaked in water and they turned into dinosaur shaped sponges.
Castiel had privately hoped that as soon as it was just him and Claire back home, she would magically feel safe enough to open up and explain what had happened. That fantasy was quickly dashed. She still declined to write anything down, and his attempt at twenty questions was met with a stony stare, not even a nod or a head shake to point him in the right direction. Not wanting her to feel hounded or think he was mad at her for not being able to just talk, he finally let it go and sent her off to play until dinner time.
Dean remembered what it had felt like when he first presented. Like there was a wild animal inside him trying to claw its way out. "I know," he said. "It'll get easier with practice, Cas. And you gotta talk to me. I can help you figure this stuff out, but I can't read your mind."
"But I was," Dean said firmly. "Don't drive yourself crazy with what ifs. You're safe now. That's what matters. And if you want I could teach you a few things. If it would make you feel safer."
He checked Claire's reaction. She didn't seem upset, and she wasn't freezing up like she had when confronted with the Christmas tree ornaments.
Cas knew he should be focused on Dean right now, being a good listener and a supportive husband, but he found the image of young Dean discovering his very first kink incredibly erotic. He wished it had been him instead of Rhonda Hurley who'd gotten to share that moment with Dean. He would have made sure Dean felt completely safe and free to love every second of it without shame.
"Of course, baby," he said, kissing the skin just behind Cas's ear and then biting it a little. He was rewarded with a gasp and a mewl of pleasure. He soothed the bite with his tongue, then sat up on his knees so he could see Cas's face. "You'll tell me if anything hurts, right?"
Dean actually growled, and the sound sent desire shooting through Castiel like lightning. "Clothes off first," Dean said. "Want to see you. Want to feel you."
"Okay." Sensing Castiel's lingering panic, Dean rubbed his arm soothingly. "How about we watch something while you drink your tea, and then we'll go to bed."
As they reluctantly drew away from each other and got back to work, Castiel noticed more than a few people quickly hiding bemused smiles, but Naomi was nowhere to be seen, and clearly no one else thought that Castiel kissing his sous chef in the middle of the kitchen was a problem. Gabe winked at him as he grabbed a plate off the pick up counter, and Castiel smiled back.
invited. In fact, if I see him anywhere near this house or Jack again after you leave tomorrow, I will get an official restraining order. Do I make myself clear?"
happy, Sam. I don’t need a boyfriend to be happy. Now either you change the subject or I’m hanging up.”
Cas had no idea what he meant by that, but Charlie did. “In his room,” she said as she crouched down to introduce herself to Grace. “Jess called while you were in the shower, and, um … She sounded upset. I think she’s fighting with her parents about the wedding again.”
Castiel buried his face in Dean's shoulder, burrowed into the warmth of him, and sobbed. Dean still didn't say anything, didn't ask questions or offer meaningless words of comfort. He just held Castiel as tightly as he could without hurting him, and somewhere in the maelstrom of grief and pain and confusion, part of Castiel wistfully wondered if this was what it felt like to be loved.
But what would happen when Castiel's heat had run its course? When he no longer needed Dean but still wanted him selfishly. Could they go back to being friends? Would Dean find it too awkward to be around Castiel after seeing him in such an undignified state? Would Castiel find it too difficult to be around Dean, watch him flirt with every reasonably attractive person who crossed his path? Male, female, alpha, beta, omega — Dean really wasn't picky. The thought of those hands touching anyone who wasn't him made Castiel feel a little sick, but maybe that was just the heat, his inner omega whining,
"Oh." Her face fell. "Well, obviously I'm not asking you to do anything you're not comfortable with, but … Could you just talk to him? Convince him to let us help him? We can't do anything without his permission."
Strong arms wrapped around him, and for a moment he panicked even more, thrashing and fighting the embrace, but then a sleep roughened voice murmured in his ear, "Sh, sh, sh. It's just me, babe. You're safe."
"I know you will." Castiel cupped his cheek and thumbed another tear away. "I know that, Dean. That's why I'm comfortable letting you have full parental rights to Jack. Can we talk to Sam about making it legal? Not to be morbid, but if something happened to me, I don't want Michael getting back custody or, heaven forbid, foster care. I know he will always be safe with you."
Castiel blinked and he was garbed in clothes similar to his master's — trousers made from a sort of soft blue canvas that conformed to the shape of his body rather flatteringly if he did say so himself, and a pair of leather boots.
The warmth from the vents did help, and as the tension left him, Cas began to feel powerfully drowsy. He rested his head against the car door and gave in to the urge to close his eyes. Seconds later he fell asleep, lulled by the purr of the engine and Dean humming softly. It sounded like "Hey Jude", but he wasn't sure.
Castiel pushed past the red faced Henry who was now struggling to do up his belt, hurried down the hall, and pushed open the door of his niece's room. She was fast asleep, her blond curls spread out on the pillow, the quilt rising and falling gently with her breathing. He breathed again too. Closing the door quietly, he went back to the living room where the unhappy couple were still trying to make themselves presentable.
Dean laughed. "I was gonna ask how you could tell which was which, but yeah, I've totally seen you make that face."
It was odd seeing him so still and peaceful. When he was awake, Dean was always full of restless energy like a humming beehive. It was one of the things Cas loved about him. He reached out and lightly traced the line of Dean’s jaw, stubble prickling his fingertips. God, the man was gorgeous. There were little lines at the corners of his eyes, more than there should be on a man in his late twenties, but Cas found that beautiful too. Dean had clearly led a difficult life, yet somehow his soul had remained pure and innocent. He wasn’t just the most physically attractive man Cas had ever met. He was also the most genuinely kind and caring.
without Anna. She'd been with them since the beginning, and even though she could have had her own kitchen a dozen times over by now, she'd always insisted that she would rather be sous chef, that the stress of command would detract from her enjoyment of the cooking. But someone must have finally made her an offer she couldn't refuse. "You found another job," he said, trying not to sound too unhappy. She was talented, and she deserved a chance to spread her wings. He'd been lucky to keep her this long. Eight years was an eternity in the restaurant business.
. She does this for love, just like all of us here in the fanfic community, and she is my friend first, my editor second, so no getting mad at her for needing a mental health break, got it? *growls protectively*
"Castiel. Poor, dear, hopeless Castiel," she crooned, and it would have seemed almost kind if she hadn't been caressing his face with the tip of a blade. His own blade if he wasn't mistaken. "For all your talk about the importance of free will," she went on in a conversational tone, "you never seem to make the
“We do this family movie night every couple months. It’s usually just me and Sam and our foster sister Charlie. Sometimes her girlfriend comes too. It’s really casual. We just watch movies and eat junk food. Sometimes we play video games. Do you … Would you be interested in that?”
"Why is everyone staring?" he muttered as a woman pushing a baby stroller paused at a nearby display of flannel pajamas and cast several not-so-covert looks in their direction.
"Give us the angel and we'll walk away peacefully," the girl said. A name tag pinned to her dress read,
His jumping around had finally taken him a little too close to the edge of the bed, and both Dean and Cas dove to catch him. Dean managed to grab Jack around the waist before he tipped over, but Jack was too excited to notice the close call and immediately started wriggling out of Dean's arms and onto the floor. The little alpha danced out of the room, singing happily to himself, "Presents, presents, Christmas presents," while Dean was still trying to calm his racing heart. Kids wake you up faster than coffee for sure.
"Nah," Dean scoffed. "We're fine. Cas just needs a couple stitches and some orange juice. Right, buddy?"
Dean slid in one last time and let himself go, his vision whiting out as his orgasm overtook him. He was only vaguely aware of Cas spilling over his hand, but he was acutely aware of the way Cas's body locked tight around his knot because it wrenched an immediate second climax from him, so intense that he actually screamed, and it took all his self control not to bite down on Cas's neck. He had a feeling Cas wouldn't appreciate being randomly mated while he was too heat drunk to have an informed say in the matter.
He wasn't scared. Oh, he was scared of doing it wrong, of hurting Cas. But the being mated part, only sleeping with one person for the rest of his life? Didn't scare him at all. Not as long as that one person was Cas.
He squeaked in surprise as Castiel bit him sharply on the hip, and Castiel felt the lace beneath his cheek twitch as Dean's cock jumped. "You love it," he purred smugly and gently soothed the bite with his tongue.
Cas laughed, low and sultry, and yes, somehow his voice managed to get even deeper when he said, “Oh, I’m sure I’ll think of a few things between now and seven o’clock.”
When Castiel came down, it was to Dean's lips already moving on his in a sweet afterglow kiss. He was more than happy to join in. Through a team effort they managed to get cleaned up and under the blankets without leaving each other's arms and seamlessly transitioned from sex to snuggling.
Dean quickly pushed those thoughts aside before his arousal could become obvious in his scent. There would be plenty of time for that later. Right now Cas needed something else from him.
Okay. So far so good. Now for the hard part. "And sometimes he might … stay overnight. Like a sleepover party."
They were at Cas’s place, a cozy little two story townhouse adjoining the store. Cas lived alone except for Grace (who was currently shut out of the bedroom and not happy about it), so they wouldn’t have to worry about volume control or awkward encounters with certain little brothers.
First Cas picked up each pair and laid them out on the bed like he was handling the crown jewels. He was drawn to a baby pink pair that reminded him of the story of that first time and the lonely, confused young man finally discovering something that made him feel good about himself. But then he saw a deep aquamarine that had a slight golden shimmer as it caught the light. It was just so perfectly Dean, there was really no other choice.
They kissed for what felt like an eternity, letting the heat build slowly, but finally Dean pushed himself up on his hands and looked down at Castiel with dark, lustful eyes. "Can I …" His voice was rough, and it vibrated through Castiel where their chests were pressed together. "Cas, can I take you to bed?"
When Sam finished his story, Castiel could only sit in stunned silence for several long minutes. The cheerfully normal noise of the cafe continued around them, but it couldn't touch their little bubble. Sam waited patiently while Castiel processed everything he'd just heard.
Cas was calming down, but Dean could still scent the sour notes of grief and panic in the air. He let go of one of the omega's hands and gently cupped the back of his neck, drawing him in. Cas understood immediately what Dean was offering, happily burying his nose in Dean's scent gland and breathing deep. Dean wrapped his arms around the omega and leaned back into the couch cushions so that they could scent each other in comfort.
regret it. My stupidity cost him his dreams, and I can never pay that back any more than I can bring Ruby back to life. I regret that too. She wasn't a good person, but she didn't deserve to die."
She whirled on him, soap suds dripping from her hands onto her gleaming kitchen floor. Her eyes flashed with an anger he had never seen there before, and her usual roses and lemon verbena scent turned cloying, like a vase of rotting, moldy flowers. "You think you're ready to be a father?" she demanded coldly. "A good father would do what was best for his child no matter how difficult it was. Jack is
"Hey. What's wrong?" A warm hand pressed between his shoulder blades, a calloused thumb caressing his neck just above the collar of his borrowed shirt. "You don't have to get that one if you don't like it."
Sam did. Considering he was a lawyer who literally got paid to translate complicated documents into normal-people-speak, it took him an embarrassingly long time to understand what he was holding. "You're … You're giving us your
Except… lately? Not so much. He paused, staring down into a pot of golden winter squash bisque, and tried to remember the last time he'd been  happy in his work. More and more since Claire, Dean, and he had formed their little makeshift family, and his once lonely, silent apartment had begun to feel like a home, that was his happy place. The simple ritual of cooking dinner for three in his tiny kitchen — Dean stealing a kiss as he reached over Castiel to grab something from a cabinet; Claire helping wherever she safely could and giggling at Dean's jokes — had become his favorite part of the day, and work was just something he had to get through before he could fall asleep in Dean's arms in a bed that no longer felt too big.
Dean regained control first, and he laughed when Castiel chased after his lips. "Whoa. Slow down there, cowboy. No sex on the first date, remember?"
Sam looked over at Eileen and both of them smiled. "We've won much tougher cases than this," Eileen said.
"Oh, thank God." Gabe somehow managed to theatrically sag with relief while still holding his tray perfectly steady. "If I had to spend one more night trying to keep a straight face while you two eye fucked each other from across the kitchen, I was gonna quit."
"Well, maybe I deserve to." It was said very quietly, but Dean heard every word as clearly as if Cas had shouted it in his face.
Dean's confusion cleared. "Hey, that's great. That's, like, three jobs this month alone. You're really taking off."
He slowly became aware that Dean's shirt was damp under his cheek. He'd been crying without realizing it. "Sorry," he said, lifting his head. "I got you all wet."
"Whoa. Hey, babe." Dean steadied him and then pecked him on the cheek. They had relaxed their no-kissing-at-work rule somewhat, but kisses on the lips could still get out of control fairly quickly as evidenced by their unintentional PDA earlier, so they tried to save that for home. Even so, the brush of Dean's mouth on his skin, the catch of stubble and the warm whisper of breath had Castiel's eyes slipping closed for a moment and the tension melting out of his shoulders. "Sam says thanks again for dinner and for, you know, giving him a chance."
The pancakes were good even if some of them were oddly shaped and a little burnt around the edges. Dean took Castiel's hand where it rested invitingly between their plates and stroked the back with his thumb. Castiel darted a glance at Claire, gaging her reaction. She'd accepted the idea of him having a boyfriend very easily in theory, but when it came to actually sharing his attention she might feel differently. However she was currently devouring her handiwork and seemed completely oblivious to what the adults were doing. Castiel decided to take that as a good sign.
"I know," Dean said softly, though Castiel was quite sure he didn't. "You can still have that someday, Cas. When you… when you meet the right person."
"No. You should stay here and rest up," Dean said firmly. "Besides, do you really think it's a good idea to leave Kevin alone with Crowley?"
Cas shifted in his sleep, and Dean groaned as the brush of skin on skin sharpened his need, making it impossible to ignore any longer. He lifted his head, preparing to gently nuzzle and kiss Cas awake and let him know it was time for round two. Then he saw the teeth marks. They were just under Cas's right ear, forming an irregular purplish red circle. Dean didn't remember making them, but they were definitely from his teeth. Sharp alpha teeth that had come perilously close to breaking the skin, doing something irreversible and unforgivable.
“No, I, um …” Sam took a deep breath. Now was as good a time as any to tell him. “I’ve actually been seeing a therapist.” He plowed on before Dean could say anything. “Please don’t go all Winchester on me about this, okay? I was skeptical at first, but Jess talked me into it, and it’s actually really helping.”
Castiel bit back the sharp retort that was on the tip of his tongue and instead said pleasantly, "Actually, these are meat pies. There are two each of chicken, beef, and venison. Which would you like to try first?"
"Can't you take Charlie?" A week ago he would never have suggested it. No matter how much his rational mind trusted Dean, his inner omega wouldn't have allowed the words to pass his lips. But to his own surprise he'd quickly grown to trust the spunky redheaded omega too. She was impossible to dislike, and she had never, by scent or body language, showed the slightest sign of sexual attraction to Dean.
I'm alive! Thank you so much for your patience and your comments. Your reward is an extra long chapter and some fun NSFW sexy times.
Cas abruptly scooted forward across the floor and kissed Dean. It was relatively short and chaste since they were in a semi-public place where the majority of the people who might walk in on them would be less than forgiving, but he tried to put a lot into the kiss, to say “thank you” and “I love you” and “please can I keep you forever”. He had no way of knowing if Dean got the message, but for a moment he let himself believe that the way Dean’s mouth responded to his was trying to say the same things.
Castiel relaxed into his alpha's arms and let thought slip away for a while, surrendering himself to pure feeling. Dean was right. Sex was definitely one of the better aspects of being human.
The thing was that despite (or perhaps because of) his promiscuity, this was one kind of sex he hadn't had a lot of. Hadn't had at all really. The closest he'd come was with Lisa, and even that was nothing like this. He hadn't been in love with Lisa. She was safety and comfort when he was raw and aching. She was, as wrong as it sounded, like the mother who had been taken from him so long ago. He had gone to her bed because he was lonely and she was willing and never demanded anything from him that he couldn't give. And maybe also because he could tell how much she wanted him, and he felt guilty for taking and taking and giving her nothing in return. But even then his heart had belonged to the blue eyed angel who now lay, sleepy and sated, in his arms.
Dean told Castiel about his younger brother Sam who was in a place called Stanford learning about law. Dean was obviously very proud of his brother's achievements, but Castiel also got the impression that Stanford was very far away. He talked about his job at a vintage car restoration shop. He had to explain what a car was, but Castiel got his head around the concept fairly quickly. It was only another kind of magic after all. And he talked about the orphanage where he volunteered on weekends.
In the end, Dean wound up on top of Castiel. Their naked bodies were pressed together from chest to hips with Castiel's legs wrapped around Dean's waist, and their cocks lined up just right. Dean nudged Castiel's head back and sucked at his pulse point. His glasses bumped awkwardly against Castiel's jaw, but both of them were too lost in pleasure to care. Dean nipped at the vulnerable skin with his teeth, pulling a groan out of the omega. Sharp alpha teeth could rip Castiel's throat out if they wanted to, but not for a second did Castiel feel any fear. It wasn't a matter of finding the danger arousing, there simply wasn't any danger. He was always safe in Dean's arms.
Cas was in heaven, or close enough. The sun was setting, and he and Dean were lying side by side on a blanket, watching the sky change colors. Grace was fast asleep by their feet, worn out by hours of fetch with Dean. Cas was pretty sure his dog was falling in love just as fast as he was.
had to remind me. God, he must have thought I was a total idiot, but somehow I got up the nerve to ask him out before he left, and for some reason he said yes, and … Well, that was about two weeks ago.” Dean trailed off, a smile still on his face.
Sam closed his laptop and gave his brother a Look. “Dude, don’t even try. You’ve been out all night, and you’ve got a hickey on your neck. Just please tell me he’s not married.”
When he came back to himself, Dean was gazing hazily up at him, clearly high on endorphins. With trembling fingers Castiel unbound Dean's hands. He also removed Dean's glasses and laid them carefully on the nightstand, before laying down and gathering the alpha into his arms to cuddle and scent and lick him while they came out of the scene. He made no attempt to clean them up. Being covered in each other's come, the most primal form of scent marking, would help keep them from dropping.
Relief flooded through Castiel, and he surged forward to capture Dean's lips in a clumsy, uncoordinated kiss, mumbling, "Thank you, thank you."
"Mmhmm. Green lace embroidered with red rosebuds and a large red rose on each hip. You're going to look so pretty in them. I'll wrap the ropes around your torso to make a matching harness." Castiel traced the shape of it with his fingers as he spoke, imagining how the intricate braid of the ropes would crisscross Dean's chest, ribs, and stomach, how they would move with his every breath, how they would strain as he writhed with pleasure under Castiel. "And I'll finish it all off with a pretty bow around your pretty neck."
They were both silent for a while, Dean rubbing Castiel's back, his face pressed to Castiel's forehead in a kind of drawn out kiss. Castiel hadn't really expected to feel better for talking about it. He'd just wanted to get it over with so that he wasn't keeping secrets from Dean anymore. But he was surprised to find that he did feel a bit better. The pain wasn't gone, but the infection had been purged, and he could finally begin to heal.
"Oh, Dean." Castiel leaned in and pressed their lips together, not caring for the moment about professionalism or anything other than the quickest way to erase the bitter unhappiness from Dean's eyes. "That's not true," he murmured against Dean's mouth. "You are a brilliant chef, and your ideas deserve to be on that menu. Naomi is just being spiteful. I honestly don't know why she's so against our relationship, but it is not your fault."
"Yeah. I, um … I kind of already asked her." He watched Cas closely for any sign of displeasure, but the omega's scent remained sweet and clear, and his eyes held nothing but curiosity and the ever present love. Still Dean felt compelled to explain. "She's all alone, Cas. She needs a home, a family."
The door opened, and Castiel prepared to snap at whoever it was to go away. It was Dean. He took one look at Castiel and wordlessly put his arms around him while the door swung shut on its own.
It was true that Castiel hadn't had much appetite at their usual dinnertime, and it was technically part of the sous chef's job to make sure the chef took a break when he needed one. If Dean's motives were less those of a conscientious assistant and more those of a concerned boyfriend, well, the end result was the same.
Castiel resisted the urge to laugh because not only would Dean certainly take it the wrong way, but he was obviously concerned about the issue and Castiel would never belittle his emotions. Instead, he tossed the list and pen onto the coffee table, climbed into Dean's lap, and kissed him. Dean gave a grunt of surprise but quickly responded in kind, gripping Castiel's hips to pull him closer.
"It's okay," Dean reassured him. "That's what I'm here for. Just let me up for a second, 'kay? I gotta take a piss."
“She died when I was four,” Dean said, moving to stand behind Cas and pulling the other man close to his chest. “There was a fire, and by the time Dad got me and Sam out, it was too late to go back. I only sort of remember her. I mean, I know what she looked like cause of pictures, and I know the stories Dad told us when he was sober and in a good mood, but the only thing I really remember is the sound of her voice. She had a beautiful singing voice, and she especially loved the Beatles.”
. It was just like Christmas only better because Dean had his arm around Castiel, and Castiel was allowed to rest his head on Dean's shoulder. He could hardly believe things had changed so much in only a month.
"Have a seat," she said, gesturing to the couch rather than the more formal and less comfortable chair in front of the desk. "Would you like tea?"
Making love. He used to think it was just another euphemism, more polite and family friendly than calling it what it was — fucking. But this … this deep, intimate joining of bodies and souls was something else entirely. And it was something Dean had only ever given to Cas.
Dean flushed a little, a burnt edge creeping into his scent, though probably only Castiel was attuned enough to every nuance of Dean to detect it. He controlled himself well.
The conversation flowed easily from one topic to the next, and they didn't shy away from the heavier subjects that Castiel would generally avoid on a first date. They established that they both wanted an exclusive relationship and confirmed that they were both certified STD free. No condoms would be necessary. There was a moment of heated staring while they both contemplated all the possibilities
Dean gasped, embarrassment momentarily vanishing in a wave of arousal that had him fighting not to come. “Funny,” he said when he could string words together again. “Cause I thought the same thing. Made it damn hard to have a professional conversation.”
Cas sat up and wrapped his arms around Dean from behind, resting his head on the other man's broad back. He didn't say anything because he had no idea what to say, so he just offered the comfort of a human presence. That was enough. Dean pulled Cas's arms tighter around him as he continued, the words coming haltingly now like forcing the last dregs of pus from a wound.
"Dumplings," he said, talking more to himself than to Claire or Dean. "We were making dumplings, and it was my job to watch and tell her when they'd all floated to the top. That meant they were done." For a moment he could almost taste Babi's sauerbraten and potato dumplings with gingersnap gravy.
is too much. I will not let some stranger fuck me just because this stupid body demands it. I would rather die."
Castiel was tempted to have a glass of whiskey before bed, but in his current mood he wasn't sure he'd be able to stop at just one, and getting drunk was another thing he couldn't do anymore. He changed into pajamas and collapsed into bed, but as exhausted as he was both physically and emotionally, he couldn't seem to make his brain turn off. He stared up at the ceiling fan, thoughts chasing round and round his head just like the spinning blades.
"Well, you're kind of big for an omega, and from a distance it's hard to pick up on the details of our scent. They probably think we're both betas. Not that it should matter even if we were," Dean added bitterly. "Just ignore them, Cas. It's none of their business what kind of relationship we have." His hand slid down to rest on Castiel's hip, and he dipped his head to lay a feather light kiss on the omega's neck.
Cas's eyes fluttered open, and Dean's breath caught in his chest when he saw the love and trust and naked, unguarded desire in those blue depths. "Hello," Cas said, his voice impossibly deep and rough from sleep.
"Fuck you," Cas retorted, the most coherent sentence he'd uttered since Dean got the first finger into him.
"Well, yeah. I mean, worst kept secret in the world, but you were obviously trying your best, so we took pity on you and pretended not to notice."
After his last comment, the words were like salt in the wound, and Dean was unable to even fake a smile of his own. "Got you a year's subscription," he muttered.
"So are we…" Dean brushed his thumb gently over the claiming bite. It had started to fade a little, but it was still sensitive enough that the light touch made Cas shiver with pleasure. "Are we doing this for real then?"
Castiel decided that he definitely liked Ms. Mills. He wished she'd been his principal when he was in school. He might have actually graduated.
"No," Dean said quickly, and the way the tension drained out of him told Cas it was the truth. "No, they'll all be thrilled to meet the person who's been making me so happy. They won't give a crap about anything else." He claimed Cas's lips again for a moment, then murmured against them, "Trust me. They're gonna love you just like I do."
"My, um … my mom. Last year." Dean shook his head and swiped at his eyes. "Can we talk about something else?"
Cas pulled away, but only so that he could get out of his seat, circle the table, and plop himself down in Dean's lap. Dean's momentary look of dismay vanished as Cas pressed himself up against Dean from chest to hips and joined their mouths again. Dean tasted like coffee with a faint undertone of beer from earlier in the evening, and his arms wrapped around Cas's waist, holding him in place with just the right balance of strength and gentleness.
"Cas," Dean whined as he thought of sucking that cock, the same one currently pushing relentlessly into his prostate. It would be coated in Cas' slick too. He loved the taste of Cas' sli— "Ahhhh. Uh, uh, unguhhh." His vision whited out as his orgasm overtook him, and for a few seconds he was only aware of spine melting, toe curling pleasure radiating out from his cock and his prostate to every inch of his body.
"What about Anna?" Dean said. "She told me she and her husband always wanted a whole house full of kids. You think they'd be willing to commit to taking Claire in if she needed a place to go?"
"What?" Dean asked when he noticed Castiel staring, but his amused smirk said he already knew what. He just wanted to hear Castiel say it.
As Jack's footsteps receded up the stairs, Michael went over to the carved rosewood liquor cabinet. "What's your poison?"
They stood there a moment longer, their breath steaming in the cold air, both very aware that they were stalling, putting off the inevitable moment when they would have to go inside and face the man they grudgingly called Dad though he'd done little to earn the title. They should have just called him Sperm Donor.
Dean's body was definitely on board with that idea, but he knew Cas didn't actually mean "get your dick in me right this second", and no way was he gonna rush this and risk hurting Cas. Cas had never, not once, caused Dean any pain. He was the most patient, thorough, attentive lover Dean had ever had (not that there was a whole lot of competition, but still), and Dean was determined to do no less for Cas. "Which position do you like?" he asked. "Hands and knees? Face to face?"
"Dean," Cas said hoarsely, "you can say no if this isn't something you're comfortable with, but I would really,
When Sam took a break from cleaning and went in search of food, he found Grace laying in the hall outside Dean's door. "Did they mean to lock you out?" he wondered aloud.
He felt Dean lean in, felt the alpha's teeth scrape his neck, and guiltily allowed himself to pretend that all his dreams had somehow come true.
They had been wandering around the men's clothing section of Target for half an hour and had only found two shirts that met with Castiel's grudging approval. Dean insisted that he needed at least five and three pairs of pants. Castiel would have happily continued to wear Dean's clothes. They were soft on his skin, worn in by years of use, and Dean's scent permeated the fabric so thoroughly that the laundry could never completely wash it out. But Dean felt it was important for Castiel to have his own stuff. Stuff that fit him properly and didn't make him smell like … well, like he belonged to Dean.
The reaction around the table was predictable — surprise and a little sadness, but everyone was pleased that Dean would be staying. They congratulated him and made Anna promise to visit occasionally. Then the food was passed around, and they moved on to the usual business.
wishes. I don't usually mention it because no one ever —" He fell silent, his throat suddenly painfully tight.
"You don't like Frozen?" Jack asked meekly. "Is that 'cus it's a princess movie? Uncle Michael says princess movies are for omegas, but Aunt Hannah says it's okay if I like them for now 'cus I'm still little."
"No, that's not what I …" Dean shook his head in frustration. "I'm no good at this stuff. Sam would be so much better," he muttered, seemingly talking to himself. Then he took a deep breath and focused on Castiel again. "Cas, at the clinic you told me … you said you thought that you deserved to die. Do you … do you still think that?"
“No. We came here when I was fourteen. Before that we moved around a lot.” A shadow passed over Dean’s face, and he abruptly said, “What about you? You from around here?”
Castiel felt himself blushing at the praise. "I don't know about that," he said. "I feel like I'm failing eighty percent of the time."
Then Dean abruptly switched gears and addressed his brother directly, tuning out everyone else. "You … You're more than my kid brother, Sam. You're my best friend. You're the one who's always been there through the good times and the bad, and some of the bad times were really friggin bad, but you stood by me no matter how little I deserved it. And you're right that I have a tendency to think of this as a one way street. I'm the big brother. It's my job to look out for you, and I forget that I can also ask you for help. But the thing is, most of the time I don't even need to ask. Somehow you can just tell no matter how hard I try to hide it, and you will not leave me alone until I talk about my damn feelings."
"You don't have to go," he said, or rather blurted. "I mean …" He made a conscious effort to sound hospitable rather than clingy. "You can stay a while longer. If you want to. We could watch something a bit more adult."
"I would if I could be sure that it was a ghost or a vamp or something relatively easy, but I got no idea what we're walking into here. She needs more practice before I throw her a wild card case like this. And Sam's still too tired, and I can't do this alone. Not after the lecture I gave Charlie about that. Come on, Cas," Dean coaxed, flashing his most charming smile. "Be my huckleberry."
There was another silence while Sam got his thoughts in order, but it wasn't nearly as awkward. Somehow things had shifted. Castiel was no longer sitting in judgment on Sam. They were working together to bridge the gulf between them and make this strange little patchwork family work.
Dean's stomach squirmed with guilt as he said, "Yeah. I mean, there comes a time when you gotta move on and stop waiting around for something that's never gonna happen, right?"
Castiel sighed and went back to his frustrated contemplation of the fridge's contents though he was still very aware of Dean, so close but as untouchable as if they were on different planets. "Something to feed Claire."
"Yes, it's one of your favorite things, isn't it? Being tied up and fucked until you're begging to come?"
Once Castiel had gotten a hold of himself, they continued flipping through the album. In time lapse they watched Jimmy and Castiel grow from infants to toddlers to young children. There were even a few pictures of Castiel's own grandmother though she had usually been behind the camera he recalled. A picture of himself at about six years old standing on a chair in front of the stove and peering into a big pot brought back a memory he'd nearly forgotten.
After closing while they were walking to Dean's car, Castiel said, "Dean, you really don't have to give Naomi the cold shoulder on my account. Don't get me wrong. It's very sexy seeing you defend my honor, but trust me, you don't want to get on her bad side."
"Yes! Don't you see?" Dean dragged Cas' hands away from his face and squeezed them. "We pretend to be a couple just long enough to convince your brother that you're settling down."
To Naomi's obvious surprise and suspicion, Castiel cut and served the pie to her himself before dishing out a slice onto his own plate. As he took his seat beside Dean, Castiel could still feel her eyes on him, but apparently she wasn't suspicious enough to not eat the pie.
Dean made a noise halfway between a sigh and a purr. "Yeah. Just don't ask me to stand up any time soon. Legs feel like jelly."
There is a mention of Dean and Cas sometimes having threesomes with Benny. There will be no explicit threesome scenes and no explicit sex scene with Dean/Benny or Cas/Benny in this story.
He heard Dean inhale, about to speak. "We will discuss each of these things in detail in a minute, Dean," he preempted. "First let me get my thoughts in order please."
"Yes, that's me. Is he okay?" Stupid question. He was in a hospital. Of course he wasn't okay. "I mean, what's wrong with him? Why is he there?"
"Sorry," Castiel said. "Didn't mean to wake you." But he couldn't seem to stop nuzzling Dean and rubbing up against him. He was half hard, but he couldn't remember if he'd woken up that way or got there in the scant few seconds since.
"I would sleep in my room too. With Dean. The thing is, Claire …" He stopped. This was harder than he'd expected. How the hell did you explain sexuality without actually getting into the subject of sex? Then he had a flash of inspiration. "You remember when you were watching
“You really like burgers, huh?” Dean said, his voice still a little hoarse, though probably for other reasons now.
Cas realized that Dean was still holding all his packages. Not that the weight seemed to be bothering his big, strong boyfriend at all. Cas took a second to admire the way Dean's tattoos moved as the muscles rippled beneath, the birds and flowers almost seeming to come alive. Then he said, "In the studio please."
The flash of light blinded Castiel for a moment, and while he was still blinking away the afterimages, a foot connected with his ribs hard enough to knock the breath out of him. He hit the ground sideways, gravel cutting into his cheek. His lungs didn't seem to be working very well, and he gasped uselessly like a beached fish. A pair of feet came into his line of sight, and then the girl who wasn't April crouched down in front of his face.
Dean considered for a moment, and Castiel waited, letting Dean take stock of his body without distractions. Finally Dean said, "Hungry, thirsty, and still kind of tired, but other than that, I feel great."
When he came down, he was looking into sex drunk blue eyes. He realized he was still on top of Cas and basically crushing the other man since he didn't have the strength to hold himself up on his arms anymore, but when he tried to roll off, Cas clung to him and mumbled, "No. Stay right where you are."
Then a hand touched his shoulder again, but this one was gentle, kind. The voice he had heard shouting spoke again, softly this time. "Hey. You okay? Did he hurt you? Come on. It's safe now. You can open your eyes."
They kissed again though it was hard to say who initiated it. Cas's fingers scraped at Dean's scalp, and he moaned low in his throat, but it ended on a whimper. He was already burning with desire and had been for days. At this point foreplay was irrelevant and would only prolong his pain.
"It's hard to explain. I'm not sure I understand it myself. It's just … For some reason seeing Anna with her baby makes me think of Jimmy, of how much he loved Claire, and of all the things he won't get to see. Her first crush, her first first date, her graduation, her wedding. It's … It's so unfair." His voice broke on the last word, and a few more tears leaked out, but he was still mostly dried up.
Cas didn't react to the sounds of the door opening and closing, so Dean cautiously approached the bed and reached out to touch his shaking shoulder. "Cas?"
"I understand," Cas said softly. He leaned down and kissed Dean, an added reassurance that they were okay and would continue to be okay as they navigated the challenges of incorporating another omega into their family dynamic. It wouldn't be easy for either of them, but they would figure it out. Together.
Cas blinked, momentarily disturbed by the realization that mere minutes after being nearly raped, he had gotten into a car with a man whose
When they were forced to come up for air, they sat for a moment, their foreheads resting together, their breath warming each other's lips.
how much Cas was going to love it, Dean became aware that his dick was starting to tent the front of his pajama pants. Again. He sighed and hurriedly closed the bedroom door before changing into jeans for the day, determinedly thinking of Sam wearing nothing but a bikini made of kale until his boner went limp in disgust.
The three adults tiptoed out of the room, leaving Claire sleeping peacefully in her fortress with her honor guard of teddy bears, sock monkeys, and other such fearsome beasts ready to defend her from bad dreams.
Jack puffed up proudly, all shyness forgotten. "I'm the tallest kid in my playgroup. I'm even taller than the other alpha kids."
By unspoken agreement Cas would be recuperating in Dean's room. It wasn't like he'd used the room across the hall all that much before, and this way if he popped a stitch or needed more painkillers in the middle of the night, he wouldn't even have to get out of bed to get help. It was as good an excuse as any.
"Hey. No, it's not." Dean's hand squeezed the back of Castiel's neck. The alpha had never before exerted any of his powers of control over his omega. He never spoke with alpha voice or anything close to it, and he never pinched or bit the pressure point on Castiel's neck that would make the omega go limp and pliant. And he wasn't doing that now. He massaged the spot just firmly enough that Castiel felt his muscles loosen and relax instinctively, but not hard enough to make his brain relinquish control of his body, surrendering to his alpha whether he wanted to or not. Dean's voice too was insistent but soft, willing Castiel to listen but not forcing him to. "This is on Metatron, not you. Do you hear me?"
Cas looked up at his husband, grinning from ear to ear, his smarting backside now the farthest thing from his mind. "I certainly hope so because this" — he looked from Dean to the red silk panties and back to Dean — "is a story I definitely want to hear."
Cas didn’t flinch. He barely seemed to notice the contact. “Good morning, Dean,” he said, flat and toneless.
Dean was peripherally aware of Hannah watching them from the doorway, but that had nothing to do with why he kissed Cas' forehead. He wished he could murmur an
Dean's brow furrowed too. "Well, yeah, but … I just figured you'd want some privacy. I mean I've been literally up your ass for almost a week."
"Of course," Dean said immediately. "I get it. It must have been pretty draining talking about all that stuff with Claire."
"Can I help with anything?" Dean asked, but at that moment Claire ran over and started tugging on his arm, wordlessly demanding that he come look at her tree and her presents.
Cas nodded as though this should be the most obvious thing in the world instead of something Dean had given up on ever having. "I mean, not this year, considering how much we have on our plate, but… when the time feels right to both of us, I would love to have a baby with you."
"It's not that." Although the idea that he was standing in the vaporized remains of a once living, breathing human being was quite unpleasant, it wasn't disgust that had turned his stomach. It was a combination of guilt and terror. "I … I know what did this."
"Everything okay here?" Sam asked apprehensively as he and Eileen resumed their seats. "I really hope I didn't cause a problem."
“Oh.” A shadow crossed Dean’s face, but then he brightened up. “Well, in the meantime, how about I give you the grand tour?”
“No,” Cas said immediately. He twisted around and buried his face in Dean’s shoulder as though to prove it. “No,” he repeated, a little muffled. “We’re fine.”
Dean almost choked, and once he'd recovered and swallowed, he retaliated by dabbing whipped cream on Castiel's nose and then leaning over and licking it off which had Claire in fits of giggles. Castiel was about to give Dean a whipped cream facial of his own when someone cleared their throat pointedly nearby.
"No. Only named after one," Cas said, cupping Dean's jaw and looking down at him with an amused and endearingly fond smile.
He put the phone on silent in case Sam called to demand more details (that was not a conversation he was ready to have with anyone, let alone his brother) and crawled back into bed beside Cas. Cas rolled over and nuzzled Dean's neck, scenting him instinctively without waking. Dean smiled and wrapped his arms around the fallen angel. He fell asleep quickly and had no bad dreams.
"Because I'm bored." Metatron slouched back against the cushions and pouted, his demeanor going from benevolent parent to sulky toddler in a moment. "I thought having Heaven all to myself would be fun. The only kid on the playground, no line for the slide. But I forgot the most important part of any story. Conflict. And yeah, I know it's a bit of a retcon, and it undoes your whole arc, but just work with me for a second." He leaned forward again, a manic, not entirely sane gleam in his eyes. "You recover your grace, rally the angels against me. Big epic showdown. Obviously we'll edit out all this meta stuff. I can't set up my own antagonist. That's stupid. And we'll have to find a way to make the angels like you again, but we'll hash out the details later. Right now we're just brainstorming. What do you think?"
. I need you to make me forget all about him. Give me something good to remember about tonight. Please, Dean." He knew he was begging and he didn't care. He wanted this so badly, not just the sex but the human presence.
"You mean you'll train me?" Charlie squeaked. "I'll get to live in the Batcave, and you'll teach me to fight evil? I'll be Batgirl?!"
Cas couldn’t resist the urge to lean back into the other man’s chest, and he noted that Dean wasn’t wearing a shirt, only boxers. “I have to open the store at ten,” he said. “Believe me, I wish I could spend the whole day in bed with you.”
Sam's eyes darted to Cas's neck, but there was no mating bite, just the fading marks of a few hickeys. He quickly looked away. "So, um … do you want a hug or … not?" he asked tentatively. When an omega was in the after stages of a heat cycle, they often found physical contact with an alpha who was not
"Dean …" Cas reached out and took his hand, squeezing it tight. "The promise I made you four months ago still stands. I won't rush you into anything you're not completely comfortable with, and I won't give you any ultimatums. I will never say, do this for me or we're over. You know that, right?"
Finally Anna returned and, with an apologetic smile, took over the quail while he hurried (but not too much) to catch the McLeods before they left. They might be Naomi's best customers, but they were Castiel's least favorite. Fergus McLeod owned a very exclusive investment firm, and his wife Rowena was a retired prima ballerina who gave dance lessons to the rich and famous. They came to
, and my editor, EyumdaRelmera, for making sure Jack did not receive a new pain set for Christmas. 😂
Dean realized with only mild surprise that he loved them both equally. He might barely know Jack, but he loved the kid with the same fierce, protective love he felt for his students and for Sammy. He loved him like he imagined he would love his own son if he ever had one.
Castiel chuckled. "I will probably never find cars in general very interesting, but I have to admit that this particular car is a work of art. I think perhaps that's because I'm learning to see it —"
Several of the staff gave Dean pitying looks, and Gabe muttered not quite under his breath, "Uh oh. Someone's in trouble." Castiel ignored them and led Dean into the pantry. If they thought this was a patented Chef Novak telling off, so much the better. They would think twice about interrupting lest they get caught in the crossfire. There were advantages to being feared.
"Okay," Dean said, shuffling awkwardly backwards toward the door. "If you need anything I'm right across the hall."
Dean was sitting on the bed when Castiel came in, a pillow in his lap hiding his erection but not his arousal. That was still evident in his pink cheeks, dilated pupils, and not least his scent which was so thick with musk that Castiel could feel himself getting harder and wetter with every breath.
"Mmmhmm. That sounds nice." But he was so warm and comfortable in Dean's arms, and he didn't want to give it up even for the few seconds it would take to walk to the bedroom.
Dean laughed again and turned his head to kiss the jut of Cas's hip, completely ignoring the flushed and dripping cock inches away begging for his attention.
Castiel smiled into Dean's shirt. His dick might be incredibly frustrated right now, but his heart had never been more content.
do that. So he brought Cas an extra blanket to ward off the bunker's perpetual chill, double checked that there was a water bottle on the nightstand where Cas could reach it (dehydration from blood loss was no joke), and he kept a tight rein on his scent lest Cas think Dean was angry at
After such a stressful day, Castiel was expecting it to be a difficult night, but it turned out to be the easiest he'd had in a while. The McLeods didn't come in, Naomi left him alone, and he was able to settle into the familiar, almost meditative, rhythm of the kitchen and forget the hateful words that were still ringing in his ears. 'Peaceful' wasn't a word many people would use to describe a restaurant kitchen, but Castiel had always found a kind of peace there.
noises every time Castiel punched into his prostate, getting louder and louder, and then he did indeed scream, his back arching off the bed as he painted his chest white. His knot popped completely untouched, and Castiel reached down to squeeze it, milking a second orgasm from him that was even more violent than the first.
As soon as the business portion of the meeting was concluded, Naomi excused herself, stating that she had an appointment to get to. Everyone else lingered around the table to chat, and the mood became decidedly more relaxed once Naomi had driven off.
Dean stared into those sad blue eyes and remembered the first time he had seen them, remembered a voice like a roll of thunder but somehow gentle at the same time saying,
And extra ginormous huggles and thank yous to EyumdaRelmera for helping me beat this chapter into submission, and for teaching me the difference between ellipsis and ellipses. =)
"Bad." Cas tried to shift his arm into a more comfortable position, winced, and quickly stopped moving. "Honestly my ribs hurt worse than my arm. I think she might have broken one of them when she kicked me."
Castiel couldn't find it in him to be embarrassed. He was way too happy. Dean turned a little pink (well, pinker than the kiss had already turned him) and mumbled, "Shut up," but he made no move to release Castiel.
He stopped again, but this time it wasn't because the words teetering on the tip of his tongue were too painful. They were bright and beautiful and wonderful and terrifying and much, much too soon. He kissed Dean, fierce and hungry and demanding, because it was the only way to stop himself from blurting out those dangerous words.
didn't want a stupid failure of communication to derail them before they'd even got started, so as soon as he walked in to the kitchen, before Dean could so much as say hello, he said, "Dean, may I have a private word please?"
Cas took the book as gently as if it was a baby bird. It was obviously one of Dean’s favorites judging by the layers of scotch tape holding the spine together, and Cas had a feeling that he wouldn’t have loaned it to just anyone. “So if I like it, I buy you dinner, and if I don’t like it, you buy me dinner?”
The wave of relief was so intense it made Castiel a little weak at the knees. He stepped closer to Dean and gently touched the other man's cheek. "Hey. It's okay. Breathe, Dean. I wasn't suggesting that. I have nothing to hide. I'm merely saying that we should be sure of each other's boundaries so we don't violate them accidentally."
bed where they would sleep together every night for the rest of their lives, and maybe where they would make a baby together one day) until Cas' knees hit the edge of the mattress. Cas let Dean take control. For now.
It wasn't the three classic words, but it was much closer than he'd expected Dean to get this soon. "I feel the same," he said. "I think I started falling for you as soon as I met you, and the more I got to know you, the more I wanted to keep you forever. Even if Naomi's motives really are as altruistic as she claims, which I seriously doubt, the fact is that my heart's already a lost cause. Leaving you now would cause me more pain than it would spare me."
Cas smiled. “You know I was hoping you’d say that,” he purred. He kissed Dean slow and deep, and Dean dimly heard him rummaging in the bedside table for supplies.
Dean's hands tightened slightly on the Impala's wheel, and the bitter scent of burnt toast filled the car. Castiel immediately regretted asking. He'd just been trying to fill the silence and distract himself from his own gnawing worry that Michael would see right through their ruse and be so angry that he'd never let Castiel have Jack back.
Dean showed up promptly at four on Christmas Day with a covered dish wrapped in towels to keep it warm. "Homemade mac and cheese," he said before Castiel could ask. "A Winchester Christmas tradition. Course when I was a kid it came from a box, but I figured I could do better for you."
For a long minute they just sat there, catching their breath and carefully not looking at each other. "That, um … that wasn't too much, was it?" Dean finally said hoarsely.
They kissed and rutted together for long minutes, and with every exquisite roll of Dean's hips, Castiel felt himself leaking more and more slick. "Roll over," he murmured the next time they came up for air. "I can start prepping you now."
. But the thought of going back into that bar right now made his skin crawl. Dean's car was warm and comfortable and smelled like leather and aftershave, and Cas prided himself that he had good instincts about people. He could tell when he was being manipulated and when someone was being genuinely nice, and Dean was definitely the latter.
The room smelled strongly of musk now, Dean's arousal bleeding into his scent which made Cas's body put off even more
“I …” Dean had never seen Cas look so lost and sad. No more words followed that first one, and the hollowness inside Dean got deeper.
It was a pleasant daydream even if it did make his chest hurt a little, but thoughts of Babi inevitably led to thoughts of Jimmy which led to the decision Castiel had reached today.
Benny answered after the second ring. "Hey, cher. What's up? You and Cas want a third for some Christmas Eve fun?"
Dean's world was crumbling around him. Maybe he was still asleep and this was a bad dream; he prayed for that. He'd long been prepared for the possibility that Cas would fall in love someday. He knew that Cas didn't feel about him the same way he felt about the omega which was why he'd always kept those feelings strictly to himself and never asked for more than Cas could give. So if someone had come along who made Cas as happy as Cas made Dean, Dean would have let him go. It would hurt like hell, but not like this. To lose him like
He would never know how it might have played out under other circumstances. The threads of cause and effect were too tangled, and there was no changing the past. He felt like that should have been an epiphany. He should realize in a flash that life was what it was and let go of his anger. But no, the anger was still there.
Cas just shook his head right back and leaned down to capture Dean's lips in a soft, warm kiss. Dean hummed happily, his hands reaching out of their own volition to caress Cas' hips, drawing the omega closer. Cas planted one knee on the edge of the bed for balance and tipped Dean's head back so he could plunder the alpha's mouth properly.
Cas nodded. He already knew about that time in Dean's life. Now that Cas was patched up, Dean held his hands instead, idly playing with the silver band on his ring finger. It was a little less than two months old, and Cas still felt his heart do a giddy little dance every time he looked at it.
This wasn't just about helping Cas out anymore, and it definitely wasn't about indulging his selfish fantasies of claiming Cas as his mate. They had to get Jack out of this house and away from Michael's toxic influence before the 'proper' alpha broke the sweet, innocent boy the same way John Winchester had tried to break Dean.
As Dean stepped over the threshold, he brought one hand out from behind his back. It held a green ceramic pot full of dirt with a cluster of spiny green leaves growing in it. The plant gave off a distinctive spicy smell that made Castiel's mouth water. "Usually I'd bring flowers," Dean said with a bashful shrug, "but I thought you'd like this better."
They just stood there for a while, in the middle of a deserted parking lot, surrounded by dead bodies, clinging to each other for dear life. Then Dean said in his alarmed-but-trying-really-hard-to-stay-calm voice, "Um, Cas? You're bleeding."
Unfortunately it was a weekday and he had to make sure Claire got to school on time, so he could only laze around in bed for a few minutes, but as he got up and dressed, tossing last night's haphazardly discarded clothes in the hamper while he was at it, he found himself feeling much more alert and cheerful than he usually did before caffeine. Even the soreness in his muscles made him smile. Fuck, that had been the most amazing night of his life. It had been a while, true, but still he was pretty sure sex hadn't always been like
They'd been sitting in awkward silence for almost a full minute. They both knew what they were here to talk about, but neither of them seemed to know how to start.
Michael made a noncommittal humming sound and sipped his drink. "And you're really willing to take another alpha's child into your home? Raise him as your own?"
It was Dean who next broke the silence. "You know, if we're gonna sell the whole almost mated thing, you should probably have a claiming bite."
"Yes. A car accident." It was easy to talk about it like this, dry and clinical, telling the doctor what she needed to know. As long as it was about helping Claire, he could put his own feelings aside.
Now it was Castiel's turn to prowl predatorily towards Dean and loom over him. As he wrapped the rope around Dean's cock just below where his knot would pop, he heard Dean give a mewl of pleasure at the sensation. He tied the rope loosely so it wouldn't cut off circulation or prevent Dean from coming, and he finished it off with a bow right on top of Dean's balls, the tasseled ends brushing his ass. The effect was quite artistic if he did say so himself. He wished he could take a picture, but he knew Dean wouldn't be comfortable with that, so he contented himself with a long stare to fix the image in his mind.
"So when Sam first introduced me to Jess, my first thought was, 'Holy hell, this girl is so far out of my brother's league.' And I'm gay, so if
sappy," Cas chuckled. He rested his chin on Dean's shoulder so that their noses were almost touching. "But I feel the same."
"I was … I was really messed up for a while. Once the shock wore off and it sank in that he was really gone, I … Well, I drank. A lot. I knew it was unhealthy in every possible way. Hell, I'd seen first hand what it could do to a person, and the last thing I wanted was to turn into my dad, but I kind of started to understand why he ended up the way he did after Mom died. When I was drunk, it didn't hurt so much. Course Sam and Charlie and Bobby and Jodi weren't gonna let me drink my life away in peace. They kept trying to help me no matter how much of an asshole I was to them, but it wasn't until …"
“No, it’s not. Whatever it is, it’s clearly making you unhappy, therefore it’s not stupid, and I want to know about it.”
Sam actually rolled his eyes, something Castiel was sure he didn't usually do around clients. "Dean, it's the twenty-first century. Despite what people like Dad think, there are plenty of alphas who have untraditional preferences in the bedroom, and the Supreme Court ruled all remaining anti-sodomy laws unconstitutional in 2003. If that's all Michael's got, then he's got nothing. The judge will laugh him out of the courtroom."
The waiter came back with their food at that moment, and they both hastily plastered on polite smiles and thanked her, but once she was gone, they ignored the tantalizing smells rising from the dishes.
Castiel paused in cutting up Jack's chicken to glare at his brother, but before he could object to the interrogation, he felt Dean place a gentle hand on his leg under the table.
"But we shouldn't keep Sam and Eileen waiting any longer than necessary," Cas continued, "so let's have that conversation when we get home, okay?"
"They always talk too much," Dean muttered to no one in particular as he helped a trembling Castiel to his feet.
“Nope. My stepmother never had any children of her own. It was a touchy subject for her, so I suspect she couldn’t.”
Something twisted painfully in Castiel's chest. He knew that Dean was talking about himself as much as Sam, agonizing about all the ways he wasn't alpha enough to please John Winchester.
"Fine," he conceded, "but I'm back now, and until Anna actually has the baby, I don't see that I really need two sous chefs."
After almost half an hour under the warm spray, he was completely calm and also completely hard, the thunderstorm scent of his own arousal infusing the clouds of steam that filled the bathroom. He turned off the water, dried himself, and dumped his towel and dirty clothes down the laundry chute before walking naked to his bedroom where he was greeted by a sight that was equal parts hot and adorable.
But when she finished writing, she passed the note to Dean, not Sam. Dean read it and snickered. "She wants to know if you cook too, Sam. Can I tell her about the time you set off the fire alarm while trying to boil water?"
Dean's heart swelled with so much love it hurt. Cas was clearly terrified that he had just lost any chance of regaining custody of his son, yet he was still taking care of Dean, wrapping him up in protective wings. Dean nodded mutely.
Cas wasted no time crawling in beside Dean. His feet were icy cold, but Dean rubbed them with his own until they warmed up. "I had trouble sleeping before too," Cas said into the darkness. "Before the clinic. A man told me to try counting sheep, but there were no sheep."
Castiel's heart twisted with such a strange mix of emotions that he couldn't even put a name to most of them. "Y-yes. He's my alpha."
Of course, he wasn’t going to tell Sam that. After everything he’d been through, the kid deserved a life of his own, a happy life. It wasn’t his job to take care of his clingy, needy mess of a big brother. Dean’s problems were Dean’s problems.
She nodded. She was still clearly confused, but she was a kid. She was used to not understanding the things grown ups said, so she listened and waited patiently for him to start making sense.
"Angels," Dean said before Sam or Kevin could ask. "Three of 'em tried to ambush us. Didn't go so well for them." He helped Cas, who was conscious again but still very unsteady on his feet, into a chair.
"He's going to Saint Bartholomew's just like you and I did," Michael said, his tone making it clear that the alpha had decided and the matter was settled as far as he was concerned. He switched his attention back to Dean ignoring Jack and the omegas. "That's a rather unusual career choice for an alpha, isn't it?"
Michael blinked. He'd obviously been expecting Dean to name a high school subject such as Math or History. Before he could recover himself and think of a response, Jack's shrill voice broke into the adults' conversation.
Dean shrugged. "Hardly the worst Christmas of my life. I got to play in the snow with you and Jack. That was fun."
"He's not rich," Jess explained in a flat voice, "and he's never going to be. I don't care obviously. In fact, I love that he would rather take lots of pro bono cases helping abuse victims and foster kids than make partner at some big name law firm. But I can't get my parents to see it that way. And lately it seems like they'll use any excuse they can find to accuse him of not treating me right. We
