There was the most perfunctory of knocks before Lestrade burst through the door.
'Yeah I'm on the injections. My alpha works with me so we're ok that way. Not that we're bonded or anything.' Panic flicked across Joe's eyes when he realised he'd said too much.
'You mind don't you?' John said casually across the table, buttering toast. 'That Shan got away.'
‘It's not that I don't take it seriously John, Mycroft does too. What they did to you-’ Sherlock's usual smooth professionalism fell away for a moment. Replaced with anger and perhaps a little shame.
John gently wriggled out from under the weight of Sherlock's limbs when he was woken by his ringing phone. Absently kissing a forearm as he broke free.
'I dunno, I suppose whatever you would do in public with your ex will be fine.' John replied.
John took a breath himself , feeling the thing was too fragile to just blurt out the first thing that came into his head-so he said the first thing that came into his head. ‘You didn’t need to dress up you know, I fancied you just as much in the pyjamas and t shirt from this morning.’
‘I assume your lot have been to everything they own themselves, checked there?’ John said, walking about a bit to try and wake up.
'I don't blame her, if I'd kissed you and you'd left me hanging I'd need to relieve the tension as well.' John replied close to his ear.
‘They apparently headed through the residential streets. Nice area but old enough not to have much in the way of cameras. They could have changed cars there. They can put these things back together of course but it takes time. I need to go to the Yard.’
‘There were no other clothes that could have been his?’
‘So, who did I meet?’
'You've not had second thoughts then?'
Sherlock was struck with the realisation that he liked being handled by John Watson. He'd never liked that before, not really. With his few previous partners he'd accepted the all over touching and stroking as the price of the biological imperative of ejaculation. Here he began to understand the term 'foreplay' and found he was participating enthusiastically. His own hands had found their way under johns jacket and were exploring a firm chest. Then, close to the left shoulder, his fingers hit on something rougher and John seized under his hand. He pulled back.
'Where are we going?' He said, surprised at how hoarse he sounded.
'You have lovely hands-among other things.' John growled relaxing under his touch, allowing Sherlock to handle his balls, bury his face in the crook of his neck. 'I'd like to taste you.' John didn't specify where and, as it turned out, he meant everywhere.
'If you're looking for your pills you'll have to give it at least another hour.' John said rinsing suds from a plate.
'If it comes to that the alpha' s a bigger risk. Joe grew up with Graeme.' John tried not to snap. From what he'd seen of the young omega he was pretty strong, he'd had to be.
‘This'll go easier. The prep bit your partner normally has to do, you're kind of doing yourself. Opening, stretching naturally. Getting yourself wet.’ Matt moved to drape himself across John's chest.John ran a hand down his back, stopping at the swell of his arse. ‘Knotting can hurt, I'll give you warning though.’
It was nearly a week before Lestrade found the identity of the omega after a public appeal.
'I was trying to think, who I know at that station that I could ask. You know without really asking.' Greg said once they were in the morning traffic.
Sherlock carefully pulled the wrapping away. It was a silver bookmark with an enamelled bee dangling from a chain. He smiled at the memory of the afternoon he and John had spent wandering through a Kent orchard. It was not long after they started to flatshare and well before John had known about his alpha status. The case was a missing person, easily solved, but he remembered John not only listening to him talking about the dynamics of the hives they came across among the trees but actually asking intelligent questions. Sherlock remembered thinking, for the first time, there was a chance this might actually last.
The brunette omega was, predictably, tasteful and immaculate in strapless, floor length, green velvet. Revealing, but not so much that it would draw attention.
He could hear the creak of the alphas step behind him as he clambered onto the bed, positioning himself on hands and knees. Undignified- but now he didn't care. The urgency, the anticipation was bone deep as the mattress dipped under John’s weight.
John slid his eyes to his phone.
'How is it feeling?' John asked watching Sherlock clean them both with a towel and reflecting that semen may be the only substance his mate would ever willingly clean up.
.' John glanced around the sparse crowd with distaste.
'I can do better than that at least. I have a mini bar.' He quipped, pushing the door open and gesturing John in first.
'I had to finish ... to finish this work. It’s only a matter of time. I know he will find me.' Soo Lin said, settling the pot carefully on her workbench.
Sherlock nodded slowly.
‘She's the only one who this has came as absolutely no surprise to.’ John said, looking serious for a moment as he drank and Sherlock didn't deduce for once, he just knew what John was thinking.
He deserved of course to be told to fuck off but something told him John wouldn't do that.
'Sherlock works with me sometimes.' Greg broke in. 'He's a detective, it's through Sherlock I know John. They went to investigate that address you gave us.'
'I did didn't I.' Sherlock said, confidence restored, for now, wrapping John back in his arms.
John was still pounding the door. Sherlock hurriedly reached into his pocket,drawing out a fragile, perfect origami lotus.A rather ostentatious calling card. Truly ancient crime syndicates were a bit of a pet interest and he realised now that he'd heard of the black lotus. He hadn't made the connection before because his understanding was they operated in the far east only. London was a highly unusual branching out. He opened the door to the irate alpha.
'I can see myself doing that.' John said, he loved that his job allowed him to help people but he couldn't deny that in civilian life he sometimes longed for a little more excitement. Generally he got that from Sherlock but a little more couldn't hurt. John tried not to look too keen.
'So I'm brilliant and amazing but spectacularly ignorant about some things.' Sherlock said a little too shrilly as he reached the end.
'I know you too well mate. If I leave you alone I dread to think what you'll be up to. You can come with me in the morning. See if we can't work out a way to get these bastards.'
‘The profile?’
|Sherlock soon caught sight of a young man running for the nearest exit down a narrow passage in the scaffolding. He made after him deducing as he went. The lover. A gym-maintained physique, probably how they met. No suggestion of martial arts or combat training-good to know in these circumstances. They quickly ran out of passage. The man faced Sherlock.
'Best not.'
'Oh so...the murderer could be his grandmother.'
‘Did you take it?’
'I know, I've seen this before-a brothel' Lestrade replied.
They were back on a building site again, Sherlock realised. It was only really a few short weeks since he'd broke his ankle. He wondered now if, without that, him and John would ever have happened. He pushed the thought aside.
‘I'd have done that.’ John said, frowning. Traditionally of course, the alpha took care of an omega during their heat. Sherlock didn't expect it.
'When I was a girl, living back in China. I recognise his ... ‘signature. Only he would do this. Zhi Zhu.
He hadn't been able to understand in the grip of the hormones why,
He sent Joe to change while he looked out food and something to drink. Joe returned in a bath robe and took a long drink from the proffered glass wincing slightly.
'It upset you.' Sherlock said, a hand coming to touch his shoulder. John sort of wanted to shrug the placating gesture off but didn't.
'It was certainly advantageous, the door even locks.' Sherlock said, as John heard the click of the lock engaging. When he turned Sherlock was looking at him with undiluted lust.
Thanks for sticking with me.
‘Upstairs.’ She said. He bounded up, aware of John faithfully following behind.
The alpha set his cup in its saucer carefully. ‘Well, I've done it before. Lots of times.’ He smiled coolly reassuring. ‘It's ninety percent instinct Sherlock. You just need to let it happen.’
He was sure it was coming off suppressant that had started to slowly but surely increase his appetite. It was tedious. So it was timely when Lestrade turned up at the door the with both the lab results and Indian food.
‘ Of course, of course I’ll come with you.’ All the harshness had leached from John’s voice he sounded almost apologetic.
'I don't mean they're fans of your deductive skills as you well know. We best pay for this before someone goes into a spontaneous heat.'
‘Nothing to do with me.’ John shrugged. And waved a hand. ‘Carry on.’
‘Any number of things Sherlock he's not on call for you - showering, sleeping, having sex?’ John said, his sister collapsing into fits of giggles as if she was fifteen again.
'What's that on your neck?' His stomach lurched because he already knew the synthetic scent that was invading his nose.
A lone gunman then, a good shot but moral enough not to shoot until the danger to Sherlock was imminent. Probably military then....
'Forced heat.'John said quietly.
‘That's not what I meant.’ The alpha said drowsily. Within minutes he was breathing even and deep. As Sherlock lay, waiting out the tedium, he felt a nuzzling at his back that could only be John trying to scent him in his sleep.
John broke away and Sherlock caressed the back of his head as he worked his mouth over the sweet spot on Sherlock's neck before moving lower to tease a nipple through the expensive fabric. Sherlock's hand now ran wantonly up John's inner thigh and, rather roughly, slid open-palmed over his growing erection.
‘Where are we going?’ Sherlock broke in, surprised.
Sherlock shuffled to a seated position.Flicking back to his Conversation with John.
##########
'Of course, as you would say the chemistry is very basic.' John smiled at him as he changed into his own clothes. Gratitude from Sherlock was a rare thing. There was another giggle from outside.
'John, Detective Inspector Gavin Lestrade. Lestrade, Dr John Watson.'
'Contraception, condoms? I should have asked before now.' Sherlock licked kiss reddened lips anxiously.
'Of course, as long as I won't need rubber gloves.' John smiled, relieved it was Lestrade. 'What's on your mind?'
'John furrowed his brow for a second before (with a lovely blush) he caught on. 'You'd let me?'
They drove back to Baker street in late afternoon traffic. Mrs Hudson sat in the front, complaining about the roadworks and Lestrade talked a little about what was happening with Graeme but John barely took it in. He wanted to grab for Sherlock's hand but the size of the back seat meant the gesture would be obvious to the others.
‘Easy.’ The alpha said, holding him up.’ I'm not knotting you on a hard floor, not with this leg.Besides, I want to take you on a bed the first time. ’
John absorbed this for a few moments and something creaked into place in his head as he remembered the first conversation with Mycroft, the insulting offer of money...
‘A nice alpha and bond? I know you do, you don't understand. What I'd have to give up.’
‘I know, but it's not all one way. If there are some well-known faces in there it will be of interest to him too.
They were heading back to Baker Street when Sherlock got a call from a happy Mrs Hudson telling him that he could take John home.
'Yeah of course.' John said reluctantly. He didn't particularly want his first conversation with Sherlock after everything to be in front of an audience. Then again he didn't want to face him alone.
‘Why would she think of her daughter in her last moments? Sociopath, I’m seeing it now. Anderson cut into Sherlock's musing, obviously playing to the audience of his colleagues.
'Look Joe, I can't promise anything, I don't even know if Greg can.' John placed a hand on his sagging shoulder.
He explained all this to John while they ate in a restaurant across the road from the Lucky Cat. They seemed to have picked things up as if nothing had happened. The strong smells of spice and sticky sauces covering up any scent from either of them. The rattles and hisses from the open kitchen filling any awkward silences.
'Five. Ground floor is all disabled access wet rooms so the five above that, 214,314 and so on.'
He fired off the text, following a few seconds later with
John found he wanted to tell her, to tell random strangers.
Sherlock recognised the female compere from the circus and realised she had also been the one taking his picture. She commanded the space like a second rate Bond villain, waving a handgun around. Soo Lin's brother stood off to her side, gazing blankly ahead at where John and Mycroft were tied to grotty chairs.
'OK.' John thoughtfully chewed his lip. 'I'm interested, what would I have to do?'
It took Sherlock a moment to register John was speaking, he was starting to wonder if expecting the murderer to turn up was a waste of time. ‘I’m sorry.?’
'Not penetration but I thought....' Sherlock tore the sachet with his teeth and poured it into one hand. He glanced back over his shoulder again as he slid the hand between his thighs. Thoroughly coating his skin.
Lestrade nodded. ‘I've been looking at this, his convictions.’ He waved a crumpled sheet.
'It is you know, that's pretty much how I deal with it. I've got more of a mind shed though.' The older alpha looked at him with a weak smile. Sherlock nodded slowly and started to look at the results again.
Sherlock was irritated to have been ‘benched’ as Lestrade had put it, for the big operation.
She jerked her head towards the corridor. John followed, stretching his spine as they went into the relatives room opposite.
'I'm sorry, I'm going to have to go - today.'
He left John on the bed to lock the door and windows. ‘Quickly!’ John shouted through the flat to him and Sherlock heard the tone that he suspected had led to John being called ‘Sir’ by the other alpha. He could hear the shuffles and curses as John hastily undressed. Absently shedding his own clothes on his circuit of the flat.
Though he had barely began to stroke him, an exploration really, Sherlock's breath was catching. Not too surprising if he hadn't came with someone else in years. John wasn't much better and he was making tiny unconscious thrusting movements with his own hips, trying to get friction. He moved to rest between Sherlock's thighs, lining up up their erections and taking them loosely in hand.
‘Come on play the game. Are you clever enough to bet your life?’ The cabbie goaded. He found himself opening the bottle tipping out the capsule, examining it. He was playing for time, he reasoned, thinking time, time for Lestrade to find him. He was not going to do this, absolutely not.
‘That’s not what I mean, not exactly anyway. Remember how I wanted to kiss you?’
‘Yeah. I mean, my mum died three years ago she'd be so pleased I can give her biological grandchildren after all. I know she was sad about that when I told her I preferred males but she wouldn't understand any of this.’ McMillan gestured between them at the hormonal fug that was starting to thicken around them. Something John estimated would turn into a heat within the next day or two.
Sherlock thought as he took in the compact, lithe form of the Doctor, his scar a violent blemish on his shoulder.The alpha moved to take his length in hand, he seemed very proud of it (as well he might be).
'We've plenty of time, I think once you get started you won't have many limitations.' John gave him another filthy grin, lovely.
'What are you doing?' Sherlock said, as Lestrade dropped a rucksack on the floor and closed the front door.
'You stayed off suppressants for me?' Sherlock looked at him sharply, he hadn't known his flatmate had done something so personal to help his healing.
‘None of this helps us find Greg though.’ Sally said grimly.
He pressed his mouth to Sherlock's and for a few seconds it felt wrong. The alpha stiff and barely responding. He almost gave up, thinking he'd got the wrong idea somehow. Then though, Sherlock shifted forward, taking the balance of John's weight on to his hands. His tongue pressed into the omega's mouth tentative at first but with exquisite sensitivity once he found his rhythm. The position was uncomfortable but the sensation of being wrapped around warm alpha for its own sake, not just as precursor to relieving the agony of his heat, was too good for John to want to change it. Sherlock finally pulled away with a sigh.
Sherlock knew this was a lie. Baker Street was a good five minutes closer, even taking into account the time of day and a set of temporary lights. Then he realised why Lestrade had said it. John. He wasn't expected back for days but Lestrade didn't want to risk Sherlock in this state with an omega. He couldn't blame him, Sherlock Holmes roused into rut was an unknown quantity, even to himself.
'My place, it's closer.' Lestrade replied, sounding no better.
He hadn't told John, why would he? The alpha was a knot to get him through his heat. No reason he needed to know. John was looking at him steadily now.
‘Sherlock, if there is one thing we’ve had too much of it’s drama. Enough bloody drama - yes?’ John looked at him fiercely, squeezing his ribs then retrieved the phone, pressing it hard into his hand.
'I just mean we’ll work it out, we've got options. I was thinking, I'm still entitled to that extended medical leave. I could take it, stay with you for a while when you get out. That was kind of the plan anyway.' Matt came to rest his other hand on John's thigh.
As Soo Lin made to reach for something the few lights that had been on in the echoing room went out.
'You didn't. If you'd scared me I'd have had you on the floor. Broken ankle or not. What was that about?' John tentatively sipped his tea. That wasn't actually quite true, he'd had a few seconds of panic when the alpha towered over him but it was as much to do with his own response as Sherlock's clumsy attempt at-something.
Northumberland Street was only five minutes walk away, just as well as his heat had been recent enough to attract lascivious looks from alphas. John glared back when he thought Sherlock wouldn't notice.
‘Mrs Hudson?’ He said, but he already knew the tone, disappointed.
‘No- but it’s properly classy.’ Murray said to snorts of derision from the rest of the group.
A square of paper taped to the back of the mirror frame.
‘Partly. It’s the feeling of something…’ He struggled for the right word.
'It was a vast network John we've barely scratched the surface.' Sherlock felt edgy, yes he was still tired but there was something off about the street outside. Like someone had subtly moved the furniture.
Lestrade he realised. as Anderson reluctantly brought him through the cordon, was genuinely shaken. Not his crime scene-he had actually found the body. He stood back a distance from the officers in charge.
' How lucky they didn't tape you too.' Greg looked queasy.
'What?' He snapped.
'The Bible?' John ventured, coming to stand beside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Moriarty wanted this lot to be caught, they were being shorn from the main body of what he expected was a much bigger, more complex, organisation. The game with Sherlock was just a side entertainment.
‘Amazing.’ John said again softly.
'You old dog.' John said, gesturing to Sherlock and putting the phone on speaker.
##########
They were on their way home after a Bart 's charity function. Molly had asked them to go and John, feeling slightly guilty about the lovelorn pathologist, had insisted they went. He had even made Sherlock behave.
he wanted to bond, wasn't just following his knot. He tightened his grip on Sherlock's shoulders and a hand threaded into his hair.
'Was Mycroft threatening you.' Sherlock said, kissing the top of his head absently and handing him another glass of champagne.
John stiffened beside him, minutely rocking backwards, probably to throw a well-placed punch but Sherlock stopped him with a gesture.
‘Why don't I have first go in the shower then. Let you dose a bit. Then I can organise us some food. Sherlock laid back in silent response and John tucked the covers around him. The alpha found a clean towel in the cupboard (he seemed to know where everything was very quickly) and headed to the bathroom. If Sherlock lying on his side allowed him to watch John go, well, that was just coincidence.
'I meant you. Charging round London after him with that Browning you think I don't know about.'
‘That would be lovely.’ His sister cut him off with a mischievous smile and Sherlock stepped into the kitchen, John followed.
Sherlock sighed. 'Its perfectly simple. Soo Lin Yao had an A-Z on her desk in the restoration room at the museum. She'd lived in London for years why did she need it right there in front of her? Why would a far east based smuggling outfit use an A-Z anyway? Conclusion? The A-Z had only been used recently, since they moved operations into London therefore Soo Lin was still smuggling.'
John flipped him over, thoroughly kissing his mouth again before moving messily down his neck and collarbone. Sherlock knew he'd be sporting lovebites tomorrow, that they'd be seen by everyone in the lobby of this rather stuffy hotel when he checked out, by the conductor on the train back to London. He wondered how that would be with John beside him, holding his hand like earlier.
‘Who is she?’ Sherlock decided to focus on the case, a conversation with John would need to happen, later. He owed the alpha that.
‘You're asking me to share your heat?’ The alpha asked licking his thin lips. There was quiet promise in the gesture.
’The eyes?’ John said.
'What about his sister?' John asked, taking out the notebook it was now his habit to carry.
‘Sampling the merchandise was he?’ Craig said smirking.
'When can I take him home?'
##########
‘Perhaps you can help me persuade Dimmock to let me have a look at this flat?’ Sherlock said with an eyebrow raise.
'Hm, just like this.' John said contentedly. 'In a couple of days this'll be round with all the come you've put in me.' He pulled Sherlock's hand to his belly and rubbed his arse against Sherlocks length. With a little repositioning of Johns legs Sherlock slipped back inside the satiny heat. By some silent mutual understanding they went slow.
Sherlock attempted a calculation in his fogging brain. Ten minutes maybe less, perhaps it wouldn't bring on a full heat.
‘Beef and black bean sauce. Can't you tell? They're usually very good.’ Sherlock said, playing for time.
'One, he's with my in-laws in Japan till the end of school.' Victor's eyes narrowed, he was reading Sherlock's scent too.
'I think he worked it out himself years ago. We'll never know for sure now of course, his father died five years ago. I think he just wanted someone unconnected to cast an eye over it, confirm it.'
The omega turned to face him properly, a hand resting on each knee.
After a forceful explanation from Sally a specialist was found, patronising but well meaning. They spoke in platitudes,
##########
‘He went into a supermarket forty minutes ago and hasn't come out.’ Sherlock said gravely.
‘No one told me, I observed. It's the way you stand, the haircut. Growing it out though, did someone tell you the grey suits you? They were right.’ At this he turned away, awkwardly, coyly. John realises.
‘Beta parents but he's been having what he calls ‘trippy wet dreams.’
'You think this is ill-judged?' John said, for some reason Sherlock's choice of words seemed absurd, like a Victorian romance, young ladies in corsets lamenting their ill-judged love affairs.
like one.
John, he noticed as he told the story, was as raptly engaged as ever, Lestrade was their friend after all, but there was something else. Relief. He deduced relief from the omega. He realised John had been worried that last night would change things. That he would somehow become less, merely a receptacle in Sherlock's eyes. The idea was ridiculous.
'Thanks Richard, I'll phone tomorrow.' Greg shook the other alpha's hand. Smiling at Joe as they moved away. John gave the other omega as reassuring a look as he could muster.
'Is that why...You've never called me that before - your boyfriend. You wanted to make him jealous or something?' The detective turned to him with an expression John didn't recognise, it took him few moments to realise it was confusion.
He laid a hand softly on Sherlock's chest, giving him a chance to back away, break the moment ,but he stayed still. John reached up, actually had to go up on tip toes to press their lips together . He felt unbalanced for a moment but then it was fine because Sherlock was, leaning down, kissing him back and his feet were flat on the floor again.
'He didn't say much. Meet me downstairs when you're ready.'
'There's more. Richard knows thing too.'
'There is someone else, wasn't at the start. We've had to work around it.' There was no point in lying.
'What did you make of the cousin, telling us what he did, is he looking to take out Graeme or feeling guilty about what they're into?'
'I came up here for you.' John said simply. 'I came up here because this has been the most fun I've had in who knows how long.' Sherlock noted the unconscious clenching of the hand. 'If all I get up here is a cup of tea so be it.' Sherlock slid the key card into the lock finally. His anxiety starting to ease.
‘I have to get back to work Sherlock. Please don't rush your breakfast. I hope this was satisfactory.’ The alpha smiled politely. All trace of his baser instincts hidden under impeccable tailoring and expensive cologne.
‘It’s a bit late now for this time but before I go I'll write down a couple of names. There are some new things have come out recently on prescription. Anyway, when did you last eat something? Drink something?’
'Probably'
‘They met here, at a conference. Hopelessly illogical.’
John well remembered the silent prayer he'd said to whatever god took to do with surgeons steady hands as he looked at the dirty grey fragment lodged malevolently in bloody tissue. Forceps glinting in his hand as he tuned out the white noise of the other casualties being brought in.
There was the gesture, given this was a consulting room, of a tap to the door before the CO barrelled inside.
‘That's good John, it fits I...I need you to tell Dimmock for me. I'll be away for a few days.’ Sherlock couldn't bear to say it and it was absurd because John already knew, of course he did. The sound changed at the alpha’s end and he realised that John had stopped somewhere to get a little privacy.
The artist smiled at him. John realised that he now couldn't leave without looking like he was avoiding him so he stayed behind.
He had a story about a lost watch, an expensive watch. He ranted and practically accused the guard of stealing it. This persuaded the guard into moving away from the desk and frantically looking for the thing.
‘If you've been abstinent for a long time an orgasm is bound to be intense.’ Sherlock said, trying to sound detached. From what he'd read and what John had told him the doctor had been close to death at one point and laid low for months after his wound.
'Sorry.' He mumbled. 'I didn't mean to hurt you...'
‘Unless they plan to buy it.’ John joked weakly.
. That was it. It did look like a boutique hotel.
‘What on earth do you have a blog for?’ Sherlock immediately realised how this sounded.’What I mean is..’ John broke in before he could back track.
'I wanted to...Well, to scent you. It's a long time since I've done anything like that. I'm sorry.' The blush was back (the blush was lovely John had decided) and the detective focussed his eyes on the tip of one finger which circled the rim of his mug.
‘If he wants me to. I'm not sure what he wants, what he needs.’
The doctor smiled sympathetically. 'Even if I could let you into isolation It would only prolong things, any alpha scent. The best thing you can do is rest yourself. When he goes home he'll need a bit of looking after for a couple of days. Then there's his true heat to consider.'
'I was tested for everything the last rehab I went to. Haven't touched anyone since or cocaine, I was always fastidious about needles anyway.'
'OK, what if I come to your office tomorrow, you can give me a bit more detail?'
'I know.' John suppressed a smile. 'Oven's on.'
'What did he say then?' Greg asked, sipping his pint.
The following day he found himself sitting in another café. Fashionable and airy with blackboards and bare wood.
‘So? He's doing a big shop?’ John said, confused.
This was the time he'd remember he realised, still only half awake as John moved against his thigh. The bite had made the first time too raw, too instinctive to recall in detail. This time he would store away in the room, the library in fact, he has set aside for his mate. An echoing space in his mind he knows he will fill in years to come.
‘Yes, you should come, free wine I believe.’ Sherlock said. Receiving an elbow in the ribs.
'During your heats though..?'
The alpha shot him a look. 'Shouldn't that be my line?'
‘To be honest I think there might be something in it. The last couple of years there's been far less chatter about him, until the stories about the omegas more recently. We thought he was just getting more careful with age but maybe…’
'Missing person, barely worth my time.'
It wasn't that he didn't want that too. He did, albeit in a vague, primitive way that was alien to him. Earlier, catching a thief, that was his domain. He could be charming, erudite. Give off an air of complete confidence because he was, in fact, completely confident. This just wasn't his area.
'Richard, can you explain the ledgers?' Greg said gently. .
'I'm just surprised your weird flatmate hasn't scared them off yet. Night John.' She said, yawning half the sentence as she got up.
They moved, still hand in hand for a moment, to wait at the adjoining door and at the sound of a heavy, confident tread in the corridor. Sherlock moved.
Sherlock flipped through the property bags under Craig’s watchful eye smiling a little.
'It has helped I think-and it's appreciated.' Sherlock said, his tone unusually sincere.
‘Anyway, tan fading, hair growing out, that tells me you must be discharged. There's shoulder pain, a tremor - so medical discharge. The tremor isn't at all obvious you know, I only noticed because you look for it yourself, constantly checking your grip.’ Sherlock finished with unexpected gentleness.
'I know.' John said a little sadly.
John sighed and gasped, hands running over Sherlock's ribs and hips as his mouth worked steadily. Occasionally allowing himself a stroke to his own cock.
They left the dance floor again a few minutes later after a slow number. Greg's hand firm in the small of his back. As he leaned in to the alpha John sincerely wished it was Sherlock's touch. He wished they were scented, marked ,bonded. He wished there was no doubt.
‘No.’ Sally and Sherlock stared at each other as they spoke more or less at once.
‘The name’s Sherlock Holmes meet me downstairs and John?’
‘Just stretch your fingers for me-and then make a fist. Good, you're doing really well.’ John smiled at the anxious young alpha in front of him. Truth was he'd been lucky. An inch nearer the elbow joint and the shrapnel fragment could have been the end of his army career.
‘Right, sweet tea and toast then.’John was moving towards the kitchen.
John took it with a steady hand. Dropping back down beside him and pulling the bedding into a cocoon around them.
He looked them over while Lestrade scooped chicken jalfrezi and rice into bowls. Fragments of oak wood under the dead omegas fingernails, a woodcarver, craftsman as he'd said. No ID yet, Lestrade's team were checking immigration records for a match. The aroma of curry prevented further useful thoughts.
It was a relief when Lestrade turned up halfway through and John could give up his chair under the pretence of going and seeing someone he knew from medical school. He came back ten minutes later to find Lestrade helping Mrs Hudson into her coat.
'Regardless, the idea of him going back to that place.' John could practically hear Mycroft's face contort into twisted distaste. Though he could well see his point. It couldn't be a good idea to put a vulnerable but extremely resourceful recovering addict somewhere like Armadale unless you had to. Even with the best places, and John assumed the Holmeses would use the very best, there was the risk of a desperate patient getting contraband in and Sherlock succumbing to old habits.
As he recovered he realised Sherlock was touching himself, frantically thrusting into his own fist. John gave his hair a tug. 'Sit up I want to see you.' He said hoarsely.
'All of the above.' Sherlock scrubbed hands through his hair.
'Were in the fucking the army John. People get shot. I'm perfectly capable of deciding who I fuck and how I operate on patrol, regardless of what's between my legs.' Matt drew a breath and blew it out steadily. 'Look I can see you’re not...I'll get in touch the next time I'm on leave alright?' Matt gathered his jacket and John accepted a peck on the cheek. Neither of them speaking in case they betrayed how close they were to tears.
‘Places they know are empty.’ Sally caught on. ‘We can get one-Lucy?’ Sally was on her feet. Coming to stand behind the young omegas computer. Directing her to particular files.
Fear and not a little anticipation ran down his spine. They'd been here in the last couple of hours.
John stood beside him.' So, there was something I wanted to show you. Tell me if it's taking a liberty.' John handed Sherlock his phone. The screen was showing a draft blog post, titled
'This was being looked into you know, I can run an investigation.' Dimmock said sharply.
Greg nodded wearily.
Sherlock screwed up his face in frustration at how his ploy to get in had backfired.
.’ The alpha scrubbed a hand across his face. Moving to the edge of the bed. ‘Sherlock I'm sorry. I thought you realised you were done. I
‘How are you feeling? Painkillers working?’ John said, his voice tightly controlled.
'That's better, smelling like him is best in the circumstances.' Sherlock said regretfully, breathing against John's neck closer and longer than the bizarre situation called for. He heard John's breath catch and he had the urge to mark John as his with scent, tongue and teeth. Covering every trace of Lestrade with himself. As he pulled away the policeman was watching him carefully.
‘Practically the Dorchester.’ John said drily.
##########
'I wouldn't be a surrogate anymore.' John broke in gently. He liked Matt, he wasn't against the idea as such (though the army would be) it was just he knew it was a post-heat glow talking. 'You need to let this settle I think.'
‘I'm fine but thank you.’ He said going back to his microscope though she still hovered.
John got home mid-afternoon in dire need of a nap. He was surprised to find Sherlock was doing the same. He'd obviously been working. His mug was precariously abandoned on one of the magazine piles on the coffee table and the wall behind had a semi-circle of post it's around an old wedding photograph and a street map.
He had spent most of the more lucid parts of his heat vaguely fantasizing about the detective. There was something in the way he handled the violin, the intensity he brought to his work. Something that had been compelling since they'd met but now, with biological compatibility in the mix, was a lot more complicated.
Tension was obvious in the line of Sherlock's shoulders under his shirt as he gripped the side of the sink. John got up to reach out for him and hesitated. He suddenly longed for the easy physical contact of their previous simple relationship. When he'd think nothing of reaching into Sherlock's jacket for his ringing phone.
‘I thought you might, with the leg and all. Your walking stick, you've left it at home I notice. All those stairs, two bags and then you practically carried me inside. The day we met I thought you were going to hit someone with it. You don't need it to walk, not when you're distracted.’
There was a crackle on the line as if John had sighed.
'Do you want a glass of wine?' John said moving to the fridge. 'I put a bottle in here a couple of weeks ago, we never got the chance to drink it.'
‘Yeah but some of the guys wanted to take photographs.’ Lestrade said, slightly apologetic, with a glance to a couple of CID with camera phones.
The car Lestrade sent was driven by a female sergeant who chattered at an incredible speed for the whole trip. In the end he only just restrained himself from telling her that, yes, her alpha was stealing money from her.
'Two tickets for Holmes to collect please.' He said to the attendant at the desk, distracted by his train of thought.
‘That is why you're here Dr Watson, isn’t it?’ He says, voice cracking with fury and grief. Sherlock steps back his own arousal moving loosely under the thin cotton of his pyjamas, obscene and almost ridiculous.
‘ Yes definitely. We've all worked too bloody hard on this one for them to walk on a technicality.’ Sally was firm but almost apologetic.
'You people can't need the money.' John glanced around himself pointedly.
Finding a new alpha for every heat could be tedious. The Internet,
'Anyway I need volunteers.' She continued. 'The next lot aren't set up properly yet. I've said we'll do one final patrol.'
It could be a cliche. City boy shoots himself in the head in his immaculate luxury flat after he loses a fortune. Except he didn't. Van Coon is left handed (like John) the bullet hole is on the right. That would be enough for Lestrade but Dimmock turns up instead.
‘It is.’ John said moving to close the last bit of meaningful distance between them. ‘That’s why I like it, I can see this here.’ He dragged the back of his fingers across Sherlock’s chest, pushing the frilly shirt aside and running a thumb over his collar bone. Then he moved his hand round to the back of Sherlock’s neck up into his hair. ‘I’m not sure where it goes from here.’ John said softly, looking Sherlock in the eye. Frightened to do the wrong thing.
Sherlock felt shaky and angry with himself. It had been going so well. His heats managed by a series of anonymous willing alphas, a respectable number of influential private clients and now Lestrade had let him on to a crime scene. Not snuck him in days after but walked him straight in past incredulous (and mostly stupid) colleagues.
'According to the local lads this area was all thoroughly gone over – anyway it's not Gray. Definitely not.’
‘Of course! I know you don't get on but…’
'We processed the workshop and a few people confirmed he smoked outside the fire escape. Anderson spotted a smear of blood on the brick, then they processed the alley too, found another tiny smear on the door you opened.'
Jason's eyes shot to John who smiled innocently, Sherlock had found the sore point without any information from him. It was always a pleasure to watch Sherlock make bastards like Jason squirm.
Just a bit of background.
'Do you mind if I make a couple of adjustments?' Sherlock stepped closer and raised a hand.
The alpha had to call his name twice before he responded.
'Sorry-Pinch of salt.' John said. 'Helps replace what you're losing in sweat.'
A couple of hours later one of Mycroft assistants had hand delivered a copy of another file. Another missing ex-soldier but that, at first glance, was the only similarity. Kenneth Wood had been an NCO from a poor background while Gray was a privately educated officer. Wood was from Dundee, Gray from the home counties. There had been six months between the disappearances. Lestrade would doubtless have checked but there would have been nothing to suggest the cases were linked without knowing about the programme.
'Oh I like him Sherlock. Marion. Sherlock's aunt.' She held out her hand. 'Since Vi is five years younger I'm going to take that as a compliment.'
‘They were having intercourse?’ Sherlock broke in.
'Don't get me wrong it would have been nice if one of the omegas mother suggested had fitted the bill. Unfortunately all they had going for them was, well, a dowry. Old fashioned term but that's what it amounts to.'
'Later John - time for you to get ready for work isn't it?'
They spent the walk planning for the following day when they'd both be free. National gallery and a boat trip to Greenwich they decided. Harry was in town for an interview, last minute, hence the just turning up.
‘I do. Very Captain Jack Sparrow. Your idea?’ John ran keen fingers over the velvet.
'Come through, I'll make some tea. I could do with a couple of ibuprofen myself anyway.'
'I'll join you, not that I'm encouraging smoking but I could do with a breath of air.' John said, meeting Melissa's look coolly. As he left she took his seat beside Greg.
John responded with a confidence he didn't feel as he sipped his tea and clicked on another link. He had started on this research as an afterthought but was now wishing he hadn't bothered. That is, if trawling the web for forum posts counted as research, it wasn't exactly the BMJ. He knew he was homing in on the worst aspects of alpha suppressant but still, aggression, agitation and 'bizarre personality changes' were regularly reported. It didn't help that Sherlock's personality could charitably be described as eccentric at the best if times. John decisively closed the browser and snapped the laptop shut.
‘I'm in shock, and I just caught you a serial killer, more or less.’ Lestrade looked at him and sighed, the inspector knew it would be easier just to let him go. Was accustomed to him losing interest before the boring stuff of paperwork, building a case got going.
'You Ok?' John said softly, though it was redundant. Sherlock looked utterly content, eyes closed below him.
Anything like what? I am actually a doctor Mycroft.'
From there things blurred. John ,even though he knew it wasn't strictly true, felt like he was taking Matt's virginity and the first time was slow and careful. John talked him through the knotting, taking pride in the moment when the tension left Matt's body and he moaned with the pleasure of it.
‘Course I wasn’t. Biding my time. Knew you’d turn up - or Lestrade.’
He reminded himself harshly.
He huffed and picked up the menu, deciding to order spaghetti puttanesca. It was very good when he was in the mood to eat. They fell into a comfortable silence watching the street. When the food arrived he discovered he actually was hungry and John smirked when Sherlock cleared his plate first.
‘Oh, well…I shall have a word with Miss Adler. I’m sure we can find you someone else I overheard very good things about David in the bar earlier…’
'You took a year out?'
‘Please.’ Sherlock responded, rolling his eyes.
'That simple?' John laughed in astonishment.
'' Oh I know you are not bonded and have had a disagreement but the evidence is there, you follow him like dog. Then there is this cheque. Who gives a cheque for five thousand pounds to an acquaintance. Forgive me if I do not believe you.' John sighed, sagging forward in his bonds. Sherlock realised that John's hands were loose. The alpha was holding them behind his back waiting for an opportunity. Sherlock took his chance.
He flopped onto the sofa to await a reply. He did genuinely need another, unrecognisable, phone to send the message to the beta female victim, Jennifer Wilson’s, phone but he could just as easily use one of the cheap pay as you go phones he kept for just such an eventuality. The case was Interesting. Self administered poison, a word-
‘I love you too.’ Sherlock replied, voice suddenly hoarse with emotion as well as arousal. He was surprised at how natural the sentiment, the exchange felt. ‘How do you feel?’
In his hazy state, drunk on pheromones, he didn't realise Sherlock had stopped and was looking at him pensively. His fingers ghosting over John's hip maddeningly close to where he wanted to feel them most.
' Not yet.' Victor smiled and elbowed him gently.
'Yes, knowing the layout is always an advantage when...'
'Do you know what you'll do?' John asked. Matt would be given the option of extended medical leave given his change in circumstances. If he wanted to stay with the unit suppressants would be mandatory.
After a few too brief seconds of this Sherlock broke away. Pressing a finger to his own wet, kiss-reddened lips. John nodded, holding Sherlock's gaze as the detective awkwardly took his hand and squeezed it. The gesture had a sort of innocence about it and John found himself grinning as Sherlock brought a hand to his lapel. John was leaning in for another kiss before he realised what Sherlock was actually going for, his phone. The detective fished it out of John's jacket, engaged silent mode and tapped out a text before returning it to Johns hand with a smile.
'Come to bed.' He said, moving to get up.
The event was the sort of thing his mother organised and he had been avoiding for all his adult life. A room full of people talking about nothing and getting drunk at the fastest pace polite society would allow. Dull beyond belief.
‘Care to make it up to me?’
He sighed and buried his face in wool for a few seconds, distraction would be good though.
Alpha scent arouses omegas. Put indelicately it gets them wet, eases the passage of an alpha into their body. What it also does is lowers inhibitions, makes the idea of spending a few days with an alpha, maybe a stranger, inside you not just bearable but desirable,
‘Actually Sherlock we just..’
#########
'They seem to pick on certain types of people too.' John mused noting both the woman they'd just seen robbed and the one writing the review were in their sixties.'
He realised everyone else in the room was waiting for a response from him. Joe with a slight smile as if he knew exactly where Sherlock's mind had been. He hurriedly tried to recall what Richard had said which had in fact been
really?' Sherlock rolled his eyes but was already swaying his shoulders in time.
‘A friend?’
'I'm sure. I've realised in the last few days that I think of you as my mate. The bite's just a formality as far as I'm concerned.' The alpha leaned in to tentatively scent him. John allowed himself to sink into the pile of bedding as Sherlock crawled up his body, pulling aside his robe, gently scenting him everywhere.
‘Obvious. The garden was a mess, overgrown, yet we have one very clean, new cut on the digitalis plant. The house is a mess too. Washing up piled in the sink yet it has the cleanest plug hole in London. The omega obviously prepared the solution but then poured it away. Maybe he was disturbed or lost his nerve either way he was clever enough to realise that he had to make sure it was gone when the police came after he stabbed the alpha.’
‘My therapist said it would be good to write things down. I have a therapist.’ John looked away, embarrassed.
Matt looked up at him and held out a hand. 'Can you come here? Its Like you're a doctor like this. Take your clothes off.'
Sherlock thinks. He hasn't. For a while he worked his way through acquaintances. Then, probably after Sebastian, he realised that anonymity, though it had it’s own challenges was easier.
'Thats fine, I know it's just hormones. There was someone then? Before you started with suppressant?' John had suspected as much.
Sherlock suddenly pulled John towards him, manoeuvring him until the omega's naked back was pressed against his still clothed chest. One gentle hand reached down to wrap around John while lips brushed the shell of his ear.
He reached for the the thermometer and monitor beside the bed. Taking his measurements as best he could in the position and noting them down.
'Sherlock?' Mrs Hudson's muffled shout was right on cue.
'From my perspective...' The doctor shrugged, breaking in gently.'You've done the right thing, bringing him here. There's the issue of consent too, getting into that state so quickly ....' The doctor trailed off at this. There was still, of course, a section of alphas who believed an in heat omega was consenting. Simply by virtue of smelling the way they did.
'I can't be completely certain but there's no suggestion anyone else is in danger. In fact if you were to stop helping me perhaps..' He broke off as john shook his head. Though actually Sherlock suspected it might be too late for that now. The case that was developing had a decidedly military flavour, that wasn't an accident.
'It's after ten how will we get in?' Sherlock said, already going for his jacket.
'So someone else then?'
'Well, I hope we can look after each other.' He said finally.'Try not to do anything too disgusting or, you know, burny while I'm gone - and for god's sake eat something. You can't live on shortbread.'
'I've just finished a heat. I'm due another in approximately fifty days. I will be able to be much more specific nearer the time. Would you be interested?’ Sherlock held his breath for a reply. The alpha leaned on his walking stick (though he didn't need it).
'Yeah, first murder of any sort actually, if Greg wasn't on holiday...' Dimmock sighed and leaned wearily against the wall. 'What do you want?'
We almost didn't happen.
‘You ok?’ John broke into his thoughts.
Thanks to JuniAsat for the gentle push to work on this again.
‘Ok so, here's the keys. Guard at the front has one for the front door only-just in case it goes on fire of something.Good luck.’ Bill shouted back over his shoulder as he hurriedly left.
‘Problem?’ John said a little tersely.
.' John emphasized the last word with a smile to his mate.
‘The eyeliner?’ John gently stroked the corner of his eye with a pinkie.
'Sorry to bother you at the moment.' Greg said walking into the flat, careful to be submissive to the other alpha. The couple though we're pleasant enough. Literally wrapped in each other, they never lost contact as they sat on the sofa opposite Greg and Sherlock. Pressed together shoulder to knee, fingers entwined.
John was smiling at him,satisfied, grabbing his hand and wiping it off with a corner of shirt.
He occupied himself tidying the flat, walking to the supermarket. He phoned the surgery and signed up for some shifts, on the understanding that they might need cover if his heat came on.
‘Of course. It has to be done meticulously. I was lucky to meet you last time. Usually it's more trouble.’
When they had talked in the flat he had barely been aware of John's scent. By the time he had seen him safely to the other alpha's door he was drowning in it. Chemically speaking, it must have been some sort of pheromone feedback loop, exacerbated by the confined space in the cab, his suppressant wearing off. He understood the mechanism but still couldn't help being pulled under by it. He had wanted to ask the driver, an already disgusted beta, to turn around and take them back to Baker Street. To take John into his bed and do whatever it took to give him relief and pleasure. The relief and pleasure he was now getting from someone else. A proper, dominant, experienced alpha. He forced his mind back to the case, such as it was.
‘Thanks for this Craig, quickest way to get us out of here.’ Lestrade said with a placating smile.
Lestrade came back out quickly and they took the train and tube back to his flat. As discussed a van, plumbers, was parked discreetly across the road. There would be a regular changing of the guard Sherlock knew. A cab that idled for an hour before driving off perhaps, an apparent dog walker checking the perimeter of the building.
He was just writing up a new post about how Sherlock had broken his ankle when he heard him returning with Mrs Hudson in tow.
It was, just as Murray had said, like a posh hotel. Quiet conversations went on all around and there were a surprising number of female clients. The only thing that would tell you this wasn’t a sales conference would be the eccentric (though obviously expensive) clothes some of the staff wore. John sipped a glass of white wine as he watched a woman two stools away in a red corseted ball gown. She was talking to a male customer obviously easily thirty years her junior. She stroked his cheek, whispered in his ear and then summoned another female (presumably the aforementioned Kate) for the deal to be done.
‘A Ritchie, Director.’ Sherlock said, tapping the paper. ‘We know a Ritchie from elsewhere don’t we John.’
'It's fine.' The detective broke in. 'No reason why you should have to leave home just to make me more comfortable.'
been thinking.
The Sherlock felt the ornate plush carpet spongy and almost unstable beneath his feet. It wasn't alcohol, he'd barely managed one glass of red and a sip of champagne for the toast all told. It was the man beside him, the man he'd danced with, the man holding his hand, the man he'd invited to his room. The man now expecting sex.
John sat across from his sister at her kitchen table pushing pasta round his plate. He hadn't been hungry but when Harry got like this it was his instinct to enforce a routine. Probably the soldier in him. Harry on on the other hand ate quite a bit, Clara always had been the cook.
He had planned to go straight to bed but now realised that he would stink of Lestrade and that aside , the whole thing had made him feel decidedly grubby. He got fresh pyjamas from his own room and went for a shower. Lathering and rinsing repeatedly under water as hot as he could stand.
'Hardly, he has two newspapers and a detective novel. He's in for the night.' Sherlock said as he opened the show flat door.
’ the papers were calling it.
‘No thank you. I have a doctor's appointment.’ Sherlock said, getting up and leaving abruptly.
John didn't look at him. Continued to cut his food, didn’t wait for a response.
'Sorry I didn't mean to ogle.' John said.
‘They could be coming and going all night-fuck’ Sally swore, gathering up her body armour again and fiddling with her phone. ‘Be ready in five minutes.'
- and yet it made sense
‘In real life. There are no arch enemies in real life. Doesn't happen.’ John said confidently.
‘Of course, after what happened...but he's...-how he is would make that difficult. Impossible even.’
‘Before we do. Can I see you?’ Sherlock said, not sure why he wanted to. Felt silly the only one naked he supposed.
'Alpha?'
‘Afghanistan again.’ Sherlock says, not a question, as his hand drifts through John’s hair, his scalp still damp with sweat. ‘It’s happening more often - it had stopped at one point.’ John blinked, neither of them mention when that point was, years ago,
John though, John was
‘I did try to tell him dear. In my day…’
##########
'Don't apologise. You were very subtle, a normal unobservant person wouldn't have noticed. Besides, I was looking at you too.'
'I was meant to find him, literally me.' Lestrade looked queasy.
In the lulls between matings John was diligent about caring for him. Running him baths, and insisting he drank water. Preparing occasional small meals of toast, soup and porridge. It was only late on day two as he accepted a bowl of porridge and honey that he realised John must have brought all the food with him.
John picked up his phone. Three o'clock. He had to get up in three hours for a morning surgery.
That wasn't all of course. Moriarty knew too. Moriarty had looked into John’s background and been unable to resist playing on a weakness.
'Bye Mycroft.'
John felt the fog had finally cleared when he woke to the sound of Mrs Hudson's knitting needles. She stopped and laid fingertips on his cheek relief in her smile as she pressed the call bell at his head.
‘A bit not good, yeah.’ The alpha seemed embarrassed on his behalf.
An address they didn't know about. 'Do you know the postcodes? Even bits of them would help.' Greg continued, pen poised on a notebook.
'That's what you're supposed to think. Look at his hair, high quality shampoo and product. Yet his hands show signs of repetitive manual work. His feet are coarse, you mostly see that on people who've spent a lot of time in flip flops.' Sherlock said, moving to get a better view of the omega's torso.
‘What?’ Sally said impatient.
‘Even through the fog he could appreciate the gesture. Someone John's size could be painful without adequate arousal. Now though, at the start of a heat, it was a a chivalrous formality. Sherlock, presented as he was, could feel the wetness cooling on his skin, his body beyond ready for an alpha.
‘You Ok?’ She said as she accepted the cup.
‘If anything starts…’ Sherlock said doubtfully.
'Gin and tonic was it?' Sherlock said, waving to the barman as they reached the bar that overlooked the dance floor.
They both shook with suppressed laughter though it quickly became clear Lestrade was oblivious. Transfixed by the screen.
he thought, though the man he'd spoken to earlier didn't give the impression that he felt that way.
‘You know, you really don't.’ Victor said, following the direction of John's gaze. ‘Who's that with him then?’
'That's not all that goes on between you and your team is it? That's quite a distinctive sliver of foil wrapper on the floor,
The next day it felt as if the case got more complex just as he could feel his brain fuzzing at the edges with his impending heat. John was with him as they traced a library book of Brian Lukis’s back to its place on the shelf. The maddening yellow symbol drawn at eye level where the journalist would see it, panic and run home. To his death.
'Bastard. I thought something was going on. You know what I've got to look out for myself.' The waiter shrugged and moved to the safe. Putting in the code and opening it to reveal quite a pile of jewellery.
'You'd be surprised. It looks impressive from a distance, it's supposed to of course but up close.' Mycroft gently kicked a crumbling section of balustrade with a brogue. John looked down the garden to where Mr Holmes was showing some of the guests the roses. The grounds were certainly overgrown in places now he was looking closely.
The first day or so passed in a blur of tea, bad tv and acute boredom.
‘Whole place was like a fancy hotel. Honestly if you’d walked in off the street you’d never have known. All I’m saying, if I was looking to pay that’d be the way to go. Not that I would ever have to pay of course.’ Murray held up his glass in a mock toast.
John Watson had no shame about his biology but no reverence for it either. He was an omega, he got on with it, end of story.
‘If you say so. Can I see the other?’ The prisoners were swapped over and another lot of property brought in.
He checked out of the hotel and headed to the tube hoping to get a little fresh air during the walk at either end, ease his aching limbs. The train was busy for mid-morning, tourists mostly, some late commuters.
All of that was derailed when he stretched and his fingers collided with the coarse hair and smooth warm skin of Dr Watsons thigh.
'Now for the distraction.' Sherlock said, getting out his phone while John held the door in place. He had ran through the options and decided to go with straight out angry and demanding with undertones of entitlement. He phoned the number that put him through to the front desk where the guard sat.
‘Maybe a little.’ Sherlock replied, surprised at the casual care of the question. A strange feeling, not unpleasant, settled in his stomach. He tried to ignore it.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and John felt like he was being coldly assessed. ‘Of course. You’re an
Sherlock tossed him the note. Looking away as John sniffed then read.
As Sherlock looked at him the half formed deductions of the past few days joined up in his head with the known facts. The discharge, the bedsit, the drunk brother. The therapist, the psychosomatic injury, the empty blog. As often happened, especially on a post- heat high, there was one more deduction than he expected.
He became aware of Sherlock studying him closely and he suddenly realised this heat was much further along than he thought, no doubt progressed by his flatmate's pheromones. His skin prickled and burned and he could feel the beginnings of an empty ache, almost like a hunger, that he knew would scarcely leave him for days.
'Too many versions.' Sherlock wearily rubbed his face.
'Missy knows but she pretends not to. Jim-he likes to keep work and family separate. We're careful, you know, scents wise. We better get back.' Joe said finally. He led John back inside but took him the opposite direction round the main dance floor and past the bar.
John glanced up briefly from the comforting ritual of kettle, tea bags, milk.
‘You should go to A&E, get it x-rayed.’ The alpha carefully helped him to his feet using his good arm. ‘John Watson by the way.’ The alpha added before they were rudely interrupted.
He could start to think about moving on, getting out of the limbo he’d been in since he got shot.
Sherlock was glad their train was pulling in.
He pulled John close and kissed him deeply, hidden hand working quickly now. Deft in the motions that would bring John off hard and fast, give him relief. The way he was wriggling and moaning into the kiss John was enjoying the slightly rougher treatment. His orgasm was obviously intense, trying to stay quiet but his muscles bunched and his chest heaved as warm ejaculate coated Sherlock's hand.
'Quite ingenious really.' John said snapping a picture with his phone. Sherlock gave an unimpressed shrug.
' I'm listening. I got the bit about the paint flakes - carry on.' John was listening - sort of. It was just that it was difficult to concentrate on the finer points of trace evidence when he was trying to decide if he wanted to tear the midnight blue shirt off the detective or remove it slowly, lavishing attention on each revealed inch of beautifully contrasting pale skin . They had been, tentatively, together for a few brief weeks and the notion of being able to act out his fantasies as soon as he got Sherlock alone was still a distracting novelty. The chances of John remembering anything about the four distinct types of paint flakes, less still how they connected to the wife's affair, were slim but he just let the richness of his lover's voice wash over him.
Sherlock let the subject be changed and John immediately slid down the bed.
The happy couple continued off on their circuit of the room and they fell into silence for a while. Sherlock, he assumed, watching for his thieves. John mostly watching Sherlock.
'Don't know the language, no family and they're frightened of police.'
, he thought,
Without thinking John ran his hand through the mess. ‘Look at all that, I want it inside me next time.’ John said shakily then very quickly began to come himself.  Sherlock grinning as he did so.
‘Pity. We could have split the fee. Think it through next time.’ About this he was serious. He's done it before, one of Molly's lab assistants. The money was useful but it was mostly the satisfaction of getting one over on Mycroft. It was months before his brother realised. He noticed John was smiling a little, pleased with himself. ‘What?’
They slipped down lanes and dodged between cars. A final cut through an overgrown courtyard and they were back on Baker Street. Dashing through the front door and shedding coats before leaning against wall at the bottom of the stairs. Getting their breath.
‘Sounds dangerous.’ John said, thinking
Further thoughts were shattered by another kiss. He was kissed by alphas occasionally but it was usually uncoordinated, graceless, a precursor to being fucked. This seemed to exist in its own right, soft and careful but insistent as John's tongue explored his mourh. He felt himself sag into the sensation.
The arrangements for surrogates were complicated, almost a courtship of sorts. They were meant to avoid any exploitation and give both parties the chance to back out at any point. The nearest they could get to the ‘neutral territory’ specified was the awning that served as one of the medical waiting areas. Out of clinic hours of course. Bill had laid on tea and biscuits and the whole thing was civilised.
The two of them, in uniform but bare arsed, shagging on a consulting room floor. Normally John wouldn't have considered anything so unprofessional but the handover to the next unit was nearly done, they were basically waiting on their transport tomorrow.
‘Not now I don't no, he thinks he does but this isn't about insider trading.’ He made a mental note to pass that nugget to Lestrade for his financial crime colleagues. ‘it's too flamboyant, specific. Someone like Van Coon, he may have had enemies his boss wasn't aware of.’
The police had become obsessed with the statements of a couple of supposedly reliable witnesses, this narrow view (Sherlock explained) had been their downfall. A cabbie, waiting for customers to come out of a restaurant, was watching the street near the entrance to the alley closely and saw 'no one suspicious'. Lestrade's grandmother's employer, the pub landlady, had lost sight of her around the time of the murder. His mother claimed to be bringing up stock from the cellar but the assumption was that she sneaked out, found her inebriated alpha and attacked him without being seen. It made no sense. Though it was possible she would know he was likely to use that alley to relieve himself at some point in the night it would be unlikely to tie up with the time she was able to sneak away from work. Far more likely he was attacked by someone watching and waiting.
'Doors locked only one key.' Sherlock replied, pulling John on top of him.
'Would it be possible to see his booking form or whatever you use?' Sherlock asked crouching to look under the desk.
me. Our paths can cross but only rarely. If you will struggle with that, well, you may want to rethink this arrangement.’
John, as the least debauched of the two, went to the door. Almost overwhelmed by the floral scent as he opened it and lifted a huge arrangement of roses and sweet peas inside.
'Mycroft, do you have cameras in the flat?' John said suddenly.
John moved away from him to grab glasses and wine. He set them on the coffee table in the living room, sat on the couch and patted the space beside for Sherlock to come and join him. It appeared rather than a quiet night with his book he was on a date. He wasn’t going to tell Sherlock that just yet though.
'He doesn't need you to. Do you Captain?' John looked at him for a few beats.
‘Hello.’ John spoke cheerfully from the spare neglected armchair at the fireplace, curved round it's contours like it was made for him. ‘I think your body just needed sleep more than anything else. How do you feel now?’
After a few moments of more frantic looking than he'd care to admit to, he found Sherlock in an odd corner, he was steering someone gently by the elbow. It took John a few seconds to work out who it was.
'I still don't understand why he wanted to go there in the first place.'
‘I was thinking of asking you to go for a cup of coffee or something but I didn't think you'd want..with someone like…we've only just met?’ The alpha finished, flustered.
'I know,' john patted his mates hand realising that Sherlock had worked it through the zip of his trousers and onto bare skin. 'I want to see this one through though. By the time Jim comes to trial I'll be due. By the time the police corruption trial starts we'll need to think about asking Mycroft to look after his neice or nephew.' They both smirked at this.
'I have one idea.' Sherlock rolled on to his side and reached into the bedside drawer pulling out a sachet of lube. 'It was a very expensive room.' He said over his shoulder, at the doctor's noise of surprise.
'Well, that happened.' John said finally, propping himself up on his elbows on Sherlock's chest.
‘Harry, didn't know you were coming.’ He pecked his sister on the cheek.
'I'll be fine. Once the drugs are cleared from my system tomorrow and I've eaten properly. Also, I need your
When he woke the clock read quarter past two and the other side of the bed was cold. He got up stiffly and went through to the kitchen for a glass of water. He half expected to find Sherlock asleep on the couch. What he didn't expect was that Sherlock would have made up a bed there. The pillow, duvet and pyjamas all suggesting this had been the plan all along. The alpha stirred and stretched, his limbs absurdly long for the couch. He startled at the sight of John.
' Seriously-bed. I need you in one piece.'
‘You come out of it rather well.’ Sherlock said softly. John did too. He couldn’t help a blush as he read.
'Appreciate it John. Won't Sherlock mind though?'
‘Sherlock, what have you done?’ The landlady’s voice and tread on the stairs broke through the film of tension and he sensed John withdraw.
'No, the council collect from across there, no point. Then there's this.' Sherlock gestured at a doorway partially covered by the stack of boxes.'Look at the lock, New, the rest of it's shabby. Deliberately so.'
'One of the most unobserved places in England.' The detective said smiling, as he deliberately undid John's belt, button and zip.
‘That's not how he'd describe it.’ John anxiously flexed his hands in his lap. She noted the gesture.
The echo of voices carried along the empty tunnels, the faint glow and sooty smell of braziers leading him on. They were backed into one of the dead ends, the space protected by piles of nondescript junk coveted in plastic sheets.
As Sherlock shifted in his seat John suddenly became aware that the detective had been neglected. He unconsciously licked his lips as he looked at the strained fabric tenting the front of Sherlock's trousers. He glanced out of the tinted window, nearly home.
'Shit. Joe.' Greg looked at John. 'They don't know any more than I've got a source but if he calls...'
‘What? No! No, he is a thief though. Please ensure Detective Inspector Lestrade is told about his arrest.’ Sherlock said, struggling to concentrate on the business that had got them here in the first place.
Sherlock stalked around the crime scene, crouching to examine something now and then, occasionally returning Donovan's glare.
‘What are you neighbourhood watch?’
John stood too. 'Well,I need tea.' He just assumed two cups.
The mezzanine overlooked the dance floor but heavy velvet curtains and glass partitions meant it wasn't as loud. John recognised Graeme straight away from the papers. Just under six foot with close cropped receding hair and the glow of a man who can afford to spend half the winter in the Caribbean.
‘John has a useful skillset. As i say, he’s a doctor.’
‘Better?’ Sherlock asked as John snuggled against him.
The bloodstain may have made the first a write off. Fighting off the employees of prospective clients was an unusual start to the day but surprisingly productive inasmuch as when he asked his brother to arrange for the semi-unconscious beta to be removed it was discovered MI5 were interested in him too. Why the client wouldn't just accept that his alpha had obviously stole the rare diamond , Sherlock had no idea.
‘He's working Harry. Can we go to the ...coffee shop in the next street? Catch up?’
Sherlock didn't turn round as he reached his bedroom door.
'Some sort of property developer isn't he?'
Sherlock ended the call, distressed alpha scent coming off him in waves.
‘Is this yours sir?’ The policeman was holding out an almost professional looking digital camera in a bright pink case.
'Hardly, he wanted me to do some boring job for him.' The alpha continued to absently stroke his hair, the pressure pleasant against his scalp.
'Of course, OK...how do you want to...?' John blushed to the roots of his hair.
'Suicide?' John asked. 'He took himself off and...we've just not found him yet.'
' I know that brothel was a whole fucked up situation but-sometimes losing control that little bit can be great- you'll see.' John held his gaze for a few seconds. 'Now I'm starving. You said something about Thai?'
‘The name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221b Baker Street. I'll be in touch.’ Sherlock turned and bounded up the escalator. His recently heavy legs now moving easily with a fluttering energy.
‘Water, get cleaned up.’ He said as he handed John a bottle, the alpha took a deep drink before setting it decisively aside.
There was that moment after a chase, or a stand off, that moment when they knew they'd gotten away with it - again. The look on John's face then, so bright and alive. Sherlock could never take that from him. He tapped the phone against his fingers. Perhaps there was a middle ground. He dialled.
‘So what’s this about it being classy then?’ John said, passing out glasses.
Greg opened a yard issue laptop and plugged in the stick. The both stood behind him as he opened up the video files. Scrolling through the clearly marked dates.
Matt spoke first 'Look, I know how this could have been. If I'd been on my own, or with someone who didnt ...If we did this again....'
‘Fine.’ Sherlock rolled his eyes. ‘You compose an appropriate response.’ He handed the phone to John (who did a quick cut and paste job (Sherlock had said some very complimentary things so he sent them to himself) and then selected one winking and one cross eyed emoji to send to Irene.
'I was going to say primitive. They just bypass your brain.'
'You're not tempted to take a look?'
'Of course.' Sherlock shifted forward suddenly.'He was a loner, poor English, he wouldn't have wanted to make small talk. He didn't go to the shelter.' Sherlock was back out of the car impressively quickly for someone on crutches. 'Come on, I saw a fire exit.'
He let the hotel know he’d be checking in and then,trying to delay the inevitable, went into Van Coons office on his way.
‘You think they led us there on purpose to…’
With a dignity he didn't feel Sherlock arranged John so he could support his weight and walked him towards the front door. Throwing the deductions over his shoulder with a sneer. ‘Given your current financial situation and your back problems that seems unlikely.’
‘Being constantly worn down by alphas being arseholes.Using your biology against you.’
As John left twenty minutes later they parted with a kiss that started off in the flat,casual and closed- mouthed. Ending on the landing with Sherlock pulling back seconds away from dragging John back inside. Crutches be buggered.
'You want to do this here? ' John protested, but his voice had become breathless, raw-edged arousal.
Sherlock whimpered, it did feel good but, at the start of a heat, nowhere near enough.
' I found one of yours by the way.' Sherlock handed him '
'Exactly , public, secure and..'
' Don't worry,I'd worked it out anyway. The way you look at each other.' John smiled and Joe fought back his own grin.
'I've got some in my drawer but if you're happy like this?' The alpha nodded eagerly and they moved back into a long lazy kiss.
‘You should know, I've never done this before.’ Sherlock said looking into the amber depths of his Earl Grey tea. ‘I know my brother-my recent issues. He assumes that I've been promiscuous but…’
John stripped and lay down beside him, leaving space.
‘We were at uni together. This guy here had a trick he used to do.’ Sebastian said with a repulsive grin as they sat down.
"Where are we going?'
'Well, anyway, give anyone you see from the old team my best, won't you John.' Jason moved away quickly, not waiting for a reply as he disappeared into the building.
‘Sherlock. That’s him. That’s the man I was talking to you about.’ John suddenly pointed. The man was in shadow but if he doubted his brother’s burgeoning silhouette there was no mistaking the well-groomed assistant or the polished Jag. He walked closer hesitantly.
When he returned to the bedroom they were both naked and it felt like things had gone up a gear, of course they had,
He came back in, ignoring Mrs Hudson's chatter, to the flipchart pages spread over his bed. He stood on the chair, looked at them from above. It was the only way to get a proper overview in this space. He hadn't wanted John to see them, not yet but it couldn't now be avoided.
'How are you doing anyway mate? You seem a bit better.'
'Dangerous?' Sherlock supplied, caustically.
'A bonded omega is less suspicious at borders, airports I suppose.' Mycroft said, hanging back from them in case he startled Soo Lin.'Then he came looking for you.'
‘Hits?’ John said, understanding.
'How is your wife?' Sherlock said icily, stretching his arm around John and pulling them even closer together.
After the lunchtime visit to Sebastian John had gone to work and Sherlock back to the flat to consider, absorbing himself in pictures of the crime scenes and of similar symbols which he pinned to the wall. He couldn't find the meaning and it annoyed him but otherwise he'd had a bit of luck.
Meanwhile John had moved on to his chest, his nipples, then downwards to the sensitive skin of his belly. John's tongue was so close to where he needed it most and the slightest of well-placed licks had him arching up off the bed. John's hands, taking advantage of the gap created by his curving spine, had slid under and downwards to cup his arse. The doctor let out a feral groan as he kneaded.
#########
As Sherlock stood, shocked, his phone buzzed. A picture of of the symbols on the wall from John, no text.
The omega had steeled himself a little. It wasn't that he expected Sherlock to be rough exactly, more over-enthusiastic. Actually he was gentle, heartbreakingly so. John closed his eyes, he could feel himself opening up and when a finger was slipped inside him his body was more than ready for the breach. When a second was added he arched into the contact.
' No- and I've done some things that were...but not this.' When he turned back to face John he struggled,to look at him straight, the sheer rawness in his damp eyes was unsettling.
'Thing is I'm not long discharged. I'm used to having the means to look after myself. I was in a long time, it was a sheltered life in some ways and now it's not just me.' Realising with a feeling of vulnerability that there was some truth in what he said. Even if he did have a Browning he was only too willing to use if the situation demanded it, again.
‘Love one.’ Sherlock took a step closer. ‘I wanted you to see me and think of what happened. What might have happened. I wanted to make my intentions clear because this sort of thing…I thought the clothes, the wine, Would put across what I meant.’ Sherlock paused and inhaled sharply. ‘Say something John.’
'I don't even know your name.’ The alpha sounded almost irritated but his eyes told a different story he looked awed almost.
Oh yes.He’s my brother. Two orphans. We had no choice. We could work for the Black Lotus, or starve on the streets like beggars. My brother, he never forgave himself, for this.' She gestured at the bond bite.
isn't he?' He said casually, he wasn't quite sure what he meant but it introduced the subject.
Sherlock took it hesitantly, allowing himself to be led back towards the ballroom. 'This is how you should enjoy weddings then?'
Sherlock placed the freshly filled specimen bottle on the table in front of Mycroft with a flourish.
'Well of course I can. The chemistry involved is very basic. I just usually choose not to, I tend to have better uses for my time. I thought, since you'd gone back to work...'
'Graeme comes from that area, funds a lot of community stuff there. So after that he sent me an invitation to some reception at a new building of his. Big press launch all about how he's helping 'build for the future'. I'm just about to put it in the bin but decide at the last minute to let internal affairs know, given his background. So I fire off an email and half an hour later I'm summoned to a meeting.' Greg paused to check John was still following.
Molly placed a cup of coffee in front of him and hovered. ‘Is this the last time?’ She ran her fingers down the columns on the screen that related to his last heat. He always let her look at this. Another scientist kept the experimental part honest, stopped things like confirmation bias slipping in.
The man stubbed out his cigarette, unravelling himself a little in the process. ‘Sherlock, Sherlock Holmes. I know them from Barts.’
‘If the bond was happy he wouldn't be there.’ Lestrade said softly.
of all people coming up to the flat. He could hear Mrs Hudson bubbling with enthusiasm about her ‘boys’.
‘Really, today?’
‘You shared his heat?’ She clarified with surprise, scrawling something.
Thankfully Molly said nothing until Lestrade was gone but as soon as the policeman was out the door she was tugging at his cuff.
John felt genuinely sorry for him. He had treated a few omegas with the same problem and it made normal life impossible. Heats that came with no warning and followed no timetable. They could last as little as a few hours or as long as a week. In one case he had admitted someone to hospital for dehydration after a five day heat, despite his distraught alpha's best efforts to care for him.
'That's a very expensive garment you know.' Sherlock said, crossing the room.
John looked out across the ballroom. The waiters they'd seen earlier were clearing glasses from a table. One of the two engaging the women at the table in conversation while the other deftly removed a brooch from the lapel of a jacket on the back of a chair before dipping his hand into a bag for a folded pile of notes.
'That was the thing I wanted you not to say.' John said sharply but they grinned at each other.
All the while the scent enveloped him. He wanted to be taken, knotted, of course. Fed and now drowsy though, he was also content to sit and talk for a while.
He opened it carefully bringing out a note and a drive of some sort.
Greg let out a breath. 'That could work. You're thinking he'll offer assistance in scaring the other alpha off?'
Sherlock had expected the case as with so many others to force him to move quickly from one place, one aspect, to the other. Those sorts of cases were exhausting but exhilarating.
'What they paid for that waste of skin and he goes and does that.' John gestured toward the telly.
‘Next time.’ Sherlock said breathily. ‘I believe you’ll enjoy teaching me.’ His hand was steadily moving working  in counterpoint to hips.
‘They all think I’m with you - enjoying it while I can.’ John whispered conspiratorially behind his menu. Sherlock returned interested glances from other diners with a hostile glare.
The alpha backed away from Sherlock, smirking. 'Funny arrangement, very Bonny and Clyde.'
#########
John, holding his gaze, climbed into the alphas lap. Straddling him, but careful about where he rested his weight for fear he damaged the healing ankle. He ran surgeon's hands, precise and gentle, briefly over his face just because, for the first time, he could.
'Yeah, she's a prickly little thing though, I bet she's not had a proper knot in years.'
He could see the effect he was having on Sherlock too. Eyes wide and dark, cheeks pink and the way he was carrying his coat in front of him-things were obviously progressing.
Things generally had taken a turn for the better in the last few months following a rough spell after he left the army. He was getting regular locum work and was in a decent enough flat for the rent he was paying. Then there was his flatmate. The eccentric 'consulting detective' and his work kept John's life interesting, that is to say, just dangerous enough. More than that, Sherlock seemed to find sex, procreation and therefore John's omega status unspeakably dull - which made things easier.
‘Niall Gray I presume.’ Sherlock said formally. ‘You’ve been relying on people thinking you’re dead.’
He took the first of his measurements and laid the thermometer and blood pressure monitor within easy reach by the bed for later. Changing into a light dressing gown and curling on the couch to ride out the worst of the cramps.
'It was decided I'd be better off here after a particularly pungent experiment with pig intestines.' Sherlock said matter of factly.
'Tired, hungry, pissed off?' John asked, moving closer, close enough to be worth a deep, soothing inhale of scent.
John saw the conflict in Sherlock’s expression. Sherlock craved contact with him, that much was clear, but there was also a hesitancy.
'You know all the times I've been to scenes like this, had it drummed into me about. contamination and I only just stopped myself covering him with my coat.' Lestrade said.
The conversation moved on, to money and work and how ruinously expensive living in London was these days and the brothel was forgotten. Or almost at least.
He moved to press the older man against his chest, oblivious to the way he was dripping on the floor. He was still getting used to how that felt, being dragged along at the heels of a chemical reaction. His conscious brain unable to keep up with how fast the hormones were bouncing off each other. He knew he was overreacting, that John was in no physical danger, just upset, but he luxuriated in the stirring of his protective side.
He soon felt muscles twitch and tense below him and he pressed their mouths together again, smothering Sherlock's cry, as the alpha came apart, covering both their stomachs. The slick warmth against John's cock was enough to pull him over the edge too. He bonelessly collapsed on top of Sherlock. Violinists fingers brushing up an down his back as they both recovered.
She'd been doing better apparently, properly sober for the first time since Clara left her. So John would have to do what he always did, drop his own life to go and look after her.
The older brother fished a pack of expensive looking cigarettes out of his pocket and there was a rasp of a match as one was lit.
Sherlock started to eat a banana as the plate he'd rapidly cleared of poached eggs and toast was taken away by the waiter.
##########
The omega, Antonio Lopez, was a Spanish national, here to work on a special commission for a few months. A loner, no alpha, no family, no one to notice, according to his UK agent who had called the police helpline and then made the formal ID. He normally worked on driftwood, gathered near the eco house he'd built on a Mediterranean beach but occasionally took commissions abroad because they paid well.
John soaked in the hot water for nearly an hour. When he got back out a text was waiting.
##########
They jogged down the stairs together. Sherlock hesitated as he opened the door, hand on the handle.
'I assure you, you are having no effect on me. Can we sit?' Sherlock gestured towards the fireplace. They skirted the edges of the room before sitting in their respective chairs.
I know all that.' The alpha cut him off and waved his hand dismissively, end of discussion.
. He'd pulled her aside at the party (Sherlock was blissfully unaware until it was explained). There had been tears and a hug and then she'd taken the same course of action that John would have himself under the circumstances and systematically got plastered.
John looked round the group seeing mostly indulgent faces at their obvious affection. Except Mrs Holmes, her face had shut down and she looked thoughtful. There was a quick, polite upturn of her mouth as their eyes met but something had changed.
The room was fairly cheerful as these places go, the air faintly perfumed with a bunch of carnations in a vase. The doctor sat on the small sofa and looked at her notes.
'Anthea left it. An omega who got away from one of the brothels made a report there. By the time the place was raided the omegas had been moved. I was going to look into it.'
'You're with John, properly I mean. Is he ok?' Joe said. Sherlock startled at the observation till he remembered the party and the fact that heats and bonding heightened senses.
'Fine, just- if you are interested, don't leave it too long OK? If he manages to stay off suppressant his family will probably want him married off to some posh omega with the right pedigree and I think he'd go through the motions for a quiet life. Poor thing'd be wondering how they ended up with a mansion full of test tubes and bits of people.' John laughed at this.
She had none of the patronising, judgemental tone he was used to from his usual doctor( Now, he had decided, his ex doctor.) Nor had she done more than raise an eyebrow when he explained his heat arrangements and brought out his laptop to show her his spreadsheet when she asked about his cycle.
There were two typically uncomfortable hospital chairs at the side of his bed and John let Mrs Hudson take the one nearest his head. The landlady chattered about about new carpet and the state of the fridge for a solid fifteen minutes. He avoided Sherlock's gaze and the detective avoided his.
‘Would you ride me?’ John continued. ‘I know not all omegas like to be on top.’ Sherlock though was already scrambling into position. Sherlock suspected it wasn't so much omegas didn't like to be on top as they thought alphas wanted to be in control and
Thanks for reading. :-)
At Lestrade's flat the older alpha poured scotch into tumblers. 'It'll help to take the edge off.' He said, pressing the glass into Sherlock's hand.
'Wouldn't have been too difficult, simple matter of knowing your habits, making a noise at the right time. Graeme may even have intended that you know you're being tested. Of course everything I've just said relies on forensics and toxicology not yet completed. When will you see him next?'
'Yeah, so I found one when and where I wasn't really looking and...can I just show you?' Raz gestured between his tablet and the sofa where Sherlock sat. Sherlock nodded impatiently. The alpha wasn't remotely attractive to him, not really but sitting so close, after a basically unresolved heat, there was a certain pull.
'You two turn up acting like you did before, perhaps you lay it on a little thicker for effect. It's obvious though, to Graeme and everyone else, that John has had another alpha.'
‘Well then, why don’t you go and help. This is what you - it’s what we do.’
Sherlock looked at him evenly for a few beats, then smiled back, the corners of his eyes creasing in the way John loved.
'Of course I trust him.' John said simply, convinced of that at least.
Lestrade waved it off, they were arriving anyway. There was a queue outside, groups of young people under-dressed for the weather.
##########
Joe had made for the front door of the hotel, ignoring the crowded terrace that opened off the ballroom. John followed, scanning the room as he left. He could only see the back of Sherlock's head, occasionally nodding at something Anthea said. John would swear even the angle of his shoulders looked bored.
'Never mind.' John said shaking his head, he should really have remembered his audience.
'Yeah the party is usually weeks later. It's not pleasant, the scent. You'll taste it for days.'
‘I suppose the reason I'm telling you all this, plying you with scotch, is to make clear I'm not interested, not anymore. I suddenly realised how it looks, me coming back home like this and inviting you here. I'm glad it seems to be working out for him.’
Sherlock licked his lips. ‘Yes, you were leaning in, it was obvious what you wanted to do.’
'Molly- Jason, and this is my boyfriend, Sherlock Holmes.' John added. He thought he managed casual-with effort - but wasn't quite sure if the subtext of 'hands off' got through so he moved a couple of paces to slide his arm around Sherlock's waist.
‘Needless to say Sherlock he is thoroughly vetted. I would never suggest such a thing if I imagined you would be unsafe. I know how you are Sherlock, how it affects you.’ His brother looked at him with unusual sincerity.
They were interrupted by a tap to the door.
' The protective thing's new.'
He had asked to be dropped two streets away. A courtesy to his former neighbours he reasoned. They’d had enough over the years with sirens, explosions, violins. Really though it was shame. Shame that it had come to this again after all the things he’d told himself. That it had been a one off, the scotch, the adrenaline, the last time. The things he told himself every time.
‘New Breitling. Only came out in February. The time was right but the date was wrong. Said two days ago. Crossed the dateline twice but he didn’t alter it.’
##########
‘You up to this? There's no shame in taking it easy for a day you know.’ John was close to him now, eyes darting this way and that, very much the doctor.
Lestrade brought cups of foul tea from a machine along the corridor. The waiting room was all hard plastic and harsh light. The smell of disinfectant only just covering something altogether more putrid.
Sherlock had all but passed out before his assailant let go. Shoving something into Sherlock's coat before he disappeared through the window.
'Concentrate John I need you to remember. Do you remember what it looked like?' Sherlock had him by the shoulders, trying desperately not to think of the last time they'd been this close.
##########
'I hope you don't mind, I thought I might sit and think for a while.'
‘I know you didn't but just think alright? It's bad enough being judged all the time for what's between your legs not what's between your ears…’
'Did I do the right thing, leaving you there?'
'You cracked the code though. Maybe now Dimmock can get the rest.' John was being kind. Sherlock appreciated the effort.
‘I don't think this can wait. Van Coon, he was murdered.’ Sherlock took in the discomfort of the faces at Sebastian's table.
Sherlock held up a silencing hand, considering. Anderson would be working this scene, Anderson wouldn't work with him.
Please give me constructive criticism!
'I thought you'd want some time to yourself, away from my attentions. You seemed so...fragile I suppose. I would have brought you water.' The alpha was apologetic.
‘It's a bit awkward actually. I've got a patient, first tour, he's presented. Least I think so. Can't do the lab test way out here.’
'I should have something tomorrow.'
'True, unless one of you cares to open it for us. I don't think this is anyone's first offense and cooperation is looked on favourably. Perhaps my police friend could confirm?'
'Well, it wouldn't have been up you – and its done now.' John said with a wave of his hand.
He let Anthea carry the conversation while he kept an eye on John who was now walking towards the main lobby with another male. Lestrade was getting up to dance with Melissa Graeme. Sherlock considered discreetly following John but calculated it would only anger the omega who was more than able in these situations. John didn't need an alpha that way, not at all. That he seemed to want Sherlock was almost unbelievable.
'Until you manage to persuade your assistant back.' Mycroft picked up the paperback and turned it over in his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Officially his wages were paid by a contractor.'
‘Perfect hits. Untraceable beyond a deranged, dying man. It’s elegant. Beautifully done. If I ever branch out it would be something to consider.’ Sherlock was joking, trying to be light but John’s face was grim.
John stretched out his shoulders in a small celebration. Last night's interrupted sleep was taking its toll and the morning surgery had been busy. An early emergency of an elderly lady who 'didn't want to bother the doctor' with her chest pain had given way to a never-ending line of people with cystitis, flu and assorted tummy troubles. He hadn't even had a chance to think about last night, or this morning, when he'd woken up curled around a sound asleep but obviously aroused alpha.
Molly looked at him steadily. 'Bollocks.' She said finally.
Ah, not asleep then.
Perhaps at a less urgent moment it was something they could investigate further.
“Hauls”? You mean you were a smuggler?' Mycroft said surprised. Sherlock couldn't help but be a little charmed at his brother's naïveté that the young, pretty omega did the same work as the dead alphas.
'Ready?' John said to Lestrade. Grabbing his keys and phone as he moved towards the door.
‘It was in a pocket. He's got quite a few things.’
The Lucky Cat looked innocuous. A shop in a prime location in Chinatown selling tat to tourists, an ideal drop off for smugglers. The shop would allow reasonably large sums of money to be explained and if they had the odd better quality item in the store room well that was for the more discerning tourist. No one would guess it was the real thing among, the waving cats and chopsticks.
There was a few beats of blankness as the salesman looked John over, carefully assessing. 'When you say security?' The salesman was staring straight ahead to where Sherlock was opeing up car doors and running fingers suggestively over fine leather seats.
'Thanks. You could just have said we were lost. Not made out we were looking for somewhere to have sex.' John said with a sideways look, really trying not to let himself be flattered.
'No, I was meant to. He showed me them bringing in omegas, doped to the eyeballs by the look of them. Walked me past a door at just the right time.' John tossed back the rest of his drink with less reverence than good malt deserved.
Sherlock squared his shoulders as he haughtily walked straight past the maitre d into the dimly lit restaurant. John trailing behind, his fresh, familiar scent grounding in the alpha heavy fug. Sherlock’s heat was closing in on him fast and he knew his presence here would be doubly offensive for that reason.
‘He was with one of omegas she was sitting in his lap…’
'Obviously. You were planning to make chicken casserole weren't you?' He said, stirring the pan.
‘I'm ready. Later we can take our time but now-I want you in me.’ The omega repeated with a backwards glance. Full of lust and affection but tinged with impatience.
Another thing, if you spot plot holes do let me know. I've still got a couple of things to tidy up in the next chapter but I'm sure there will be a case fic thing I've forgotten.
'Look here.' Sherlock tapped a varnish tin which contained a pile of cigarette ends. An upturned crate sat alongside. 'The top few are dry. It hasn't rained to any degree since the day before we found the body. He was out here the day he died.'
John shot back. Sherlock looked surprised for a second and John realised they may be too early in their relationship to start teasing about fancying other people.
‘You thought I was going to attack you? That’s just lovely.’ John spat, though he knew that buying sex didn’t exactly give him the moral high ground.
'Whatever you want-of course. Perhaps- for your shoulder.' Sherlock fussed with the pillows so there was no strain on the old injury.
‘Yeah, actually, I’m out but we could wander to the newsagents..’
'Don't be, just...look Sherlock, it won't be like that. I mean even if it's sudden, well get a bit of warning. I'll feel it happening, you'll feel it happening. It'll be different from the chemicals because it's natural and also because...' John hesitated at how it sounded.
'Go home Greg, get some sleep.' John said, running a medical eye over the alpha.
‘Do I feel like I'm struggling to stay hard here?’ A rough whisper in Sherlock's ear. He did not. If anything the sneak preview of a few weeks ago had rather undersold Captain Watson. He was long and thick and…
'Remote possibility I know but what if I happen to know them?' John asked, following Sherlock who was heading out of the room towards the lift.
He'd thought about changing things, booking the usual hotel but something always seemed to get in the way. Lestrade had a case, his brother needed something doing that was of national importance, Molly had an interesting cadaver.
Victor knew that he'd noticed and was obviously waiting for him to say something. 'I'm sorry about... Do you have family?' Sherlock asked uncertainly.
' Yes but how...You could live with me.' John's mouth dropped open so quickly that Sherlock wondered latte didn't dribble out. 'What I mean is I've just moved into a flat, there's a spare room, not that is insist on you using the spare room but if you wanted your own space. It's central, near the tube, the landlady...'
'John felt the tension in Sherlock's body change, loosen, and he was brushed tantalisingly with a hip as the detective turned to face a flustered looking woman in chef whites.
'Yes.' Sherlock sat up to make eye contact. Grateful for the no-fuss understanding, grateful for the way John's hands felt kind but firm against his skin. John's mouth was the same.
‘I know it's not enough to get you off, not during your heat. Feels good though, doesn't it?’ John whispered in his ear, dragging his teeth across the lobe. Sherlock managed a gasping response.
'OK a brooch but...' John looked doubtful.
‘She’s your sister.’
'Its traditional. Cheesy music.' John said sliding his hands round Sherlocks waist, perfectly gentlemanly but slow enough to promise more. Sherlock rested his hands on Johns shoulders, thumbs gently brushing his neck. Out of the corner of his eye John just caught Molly giving Sherlock a grin and a thumbs up sign. 'It looks like we've got an audience, John whispered.
The name on the screen and the time immediately worried him. Joe. It was barely seven in the morning. He answered quietly, padding naked through to the living room. The younger man was having one of those reasonably lucid half hours between waves of his heat and was following up on last night's text. He sounded groggy but content and it broke John's heart to explain the shitty situation they found themselves in.
‘When he died a few months later I dropped out of the course. Went travelling on my own for a bit that's when I first went to Japan.I had enough money to have a go at painting full time.Thing was I missed him John, felt like a bastard for splitting up with him the way I did.’ Victor stopped, smiling at a couple who murmured compliments as they passed.
He lay, too afraid to move, for what couldn't have been more than ten minutes before John's phone vibrated to life with the alarm. The omega shifted and he realised his situation was likely to be obvious even in the half light and through layers of fabric. He feigned sleep. Not moving until John had left the room and he heard the shower running. There was an unexpected emptiness to the relief he felt soon after as he as spilled into his own hand.
Most of their table had drifted off to dance and a matronly omega was leaning towards Anthea. His brother's assistant was playing the green but keen caseworker angle well and she was getting the benefit of the older omega's experience. She'd been coaxing information from various people all night but so far nothing really new. Other than a ruthlessness in buying up property , which seemed to attract grudging admiration, there had been no sign Graeme was considered anything but successful.
‘That's when he did his thing-read my dad. See he'd had been covering it up for years and Sherlock picked up every last detail. The prison abroad, where his money had originally came from everything.I was angry with both of them really. I worshipped my dad. Then of course he got ill.’
Practically speaking at least, he was organised and the soldier in him took comfort in that. He had moved the sofa into Sherlock's room and made it up as a bed with the help of a bemused Mrs Hudson (who had always assumed they were a couple and refused to be persuaded differently). He had gone out early to stock up on the sort of thing he thought Sherlock should be eating (vegetables, chicken) and the sort of thing he would eat even if he was being awkward (essentially posh biscuits). He had tidied extensively, moving the numerous trip hazards around the flat. Hopefully Sherlock wouldn't even notice that the piles of 'research' had been merged.
‘Spare me that for the moment.’ Sherlock waved an impatient hand. ‘I assume she’ll want to help?’
Sherlock stared at him for a moment, wanting to say something placating but not knowing where to start. He became conscious of the smell of food and his belly rumbled. A dish of what looked like lasagne sat on top of the stove.
A couple of hours later they’d been left alone Mrs Hudson having gone to the supermarket to buy what she needed for lemon shortbread, John’s favourite. Sherlock was tinkering with the strings on his violin while John read.
‘What happened between you two? There was kind of a feeling.’ John continued, trying to sound casual.
‘Yeah. What's up’ When he met the other doctors eye the expression told him it wasn't a conversation to be had in the medical tent. ‘Shall we go for a wander then?’ Bill nodded and a few minutes later they were walking round a quiet area of the base. Only a few soldiers working around the storage containers.
A plume of smoke in the furthest corner of the otherwise empty terrace. He looked closer. It was coming from a bundle of dark fabric. A halo of dark hair, frizzy in the damp, was just visible above an upturned collar. It was him.
'Yes, I'll get a menu. As Sherlock hobbled off John stretched, his eyes resting on what was hanging on the outside of the wardrobe.
'Yes, you usually just email though...' Sherlock had asked Raz to do a little looking around for him. To check if the graffiti eye that had appeared opposite Baker street had appeared anywhere else. It had.
'John Watson and this is Sherlock Holmes. You'll have to ask Sherlock really he is the one insisting on something older.'
'Wouldn't have missed it for the world Molly.'Sherlock said unconvincingly.
John hastily replied in the affirmative and organised himself to go and pick up the tuxedo that he needed.
By late afternoon John was bored. His heat, he decided, was not happening any time soon.
He made his way from the hotel through a no mans land of car parks and litter strewn underpasses to the where Lestrade was set up. A multitude of police cars and vans had taped off a large area and staff at nearly businesses stood at their doors to watch the spectacle.
Sherlock was tearing his hair out with the tedium latterly. Lestrade was there most days, often at the same time as Mrs Hudson and his brother. He appreciated the distraction, even if he mostly wished they would bugger off. John texted regularly, they were friendly, even affectionate by text but nothing more. Their attempts at voice calls were less successful, Sherlock's fault, he couldn't quite disguise his irritation at being Johnless. Even if he knew it was selfish.
to sit.’
Sherlock turned to quickly smile at his mate. This close Lestrade did smell of aroused omega though he'd obviously made an effort to cover it with deodorant.
There was a long pause which Sherlock longed to fill but his brain couldn't find any form of words that would suffice, other than the ones John longed to hear.
John's breathing grew uneven in sheer anticipation because Sherlock gave one hell of a blow job. John imagined it was his steep learning curve, all John's little involuntarily movements and moans that had been interpreted and filed away somewhere in his mind palace.
Somehow they moved to their side and he found himself sobbing against John's back, holding the omega close as they drifted into a heavy sleep.
'At university, I had a friend, an omega,Victor. We were both young and naive, one thing led to another. I never shared a heat with him though, never got the chance.' The detective sipped his tea pensively.
Thoughts about Victor Trevor still hovered at the back of his mind. Sherlock's former lover was everything John feared he would be, pretty, rich, talented. None of which would matter so much if he were still happily bonded in the far east. He wasn't. The award winning artist had been widowed two years ago and had returned to his native west country.
John laughed a little. 'You did. It's as well you didn't ask me at the time though. Sally will tell you, once I realised you weren't coming back for me I was calling you everything under the sun.'
‘You know most alphas would just have told him he had a tiny knot and left it at that.’ John whispered in his ear.
Sherlock went out into the street. The sharp city air felt like a slap after days in the flat surrounded by the fresh green alpha scent. He raised his arm to flag the empty cab that was approaching.
John took one of his hands, threading their fingers together. ‘Enjoying yourself?.’ John said, with a soft caress to his tense thigh, sounding pretty far gone himself.
'Don't say it Sherlock.' He said in a warning tone.
'Their books?' Dimmock said incredulous and Sherlock was forced to explain the book code.
'Dr Watson has served that way before. You know my rule.'
‘I'm not a doctor-not exactly on the staff, Molly lets me know if she's working on something interesting, lets me borrow things.’ Molly was a pathologist.Molly, as she would tell people, mostly did post mortems.
'You can look you know.' John lay back, hands above his head so he was covering nothing for a few seconds and Sherlock's gaze was every bit as focussed, as probing as as he'd thought it would be. He let him have a good long look before rolling over, pressing his arousal into the alpha's hip and running his fingers lightly around his hard cock. It was warm and smooth and heavy in his hand. He felt himself get harder as his fingers traced the skin that would swell into a knot and he could well imagine the white explosion of pleasure as the alpha stretched him - plenty of time for that later.
John's phone on the table buzzed with a message.
‘Pretty thing like you I bet you've got lots of fans.’
The alpha looked amused. 'I shall endeavour to keep up-but I am not calling you sir.'
' Something about stolen documents at the Berlin embassy. It's not a detective he needs it's human resources.' John smiled at Sherlock's obvious distaste.
John’s head fell between his shoulder blades his breath warm against Sherlock’s skin . ‘Tell me that was good for you. I don't think I've came like that in years.’ John carefully pulled Sherlock with him as he moved on to his side.Trying to get him closer (impossible in the circumstances).
‘I'm working.’ The alpha shot back. ‘Or at least I'm trying to.’
' Sally' s been quietly told it needs to be betas and omegas only. There'll be a few complaints about missing a nice juicy raid but it's a safe team.'
He slips in the front door. Still deft in the lift and jig needed to enter 221 silently. Even with that and the careful avoidance of the creaking step he imagines Mrs Hudson lying awake, listening, knowing. The flat door opens ahead of him.
It was unlit but for a crack of light coming through from the door to the adjoining office. John and Sherlock stood so they could look through the ajar door. A striking dark haired woman in a tweed suit stood on the opposite side of a desk from the waiters. 'So, how did we do this evening gents.' A voice, as posh as Sherlock, bright and businesslike.
There was very little really, just what the alpha had been wearing when he came to the brothel, a bond ring, a watch and a wallet.
John was on the verge of laughing as they made their way in past the now unwatched cameras and up to the safety of the first floor. Sherlock abruptly terminating the call. They heard the guard curse loudly as he sat heavily back at desk to find a dead line.
‘Oh.’ Sherlock’s mouth formed a perfect O that was hard to resist kissing-so John didn’t- as they shifted themselves into an awkward lying position on the couch. Sherlock sprawled on top of John. One of the beds would have been much comfier but he feared breaking the spell. Besides a good old fashioned sticky fumble on the couch had its place. Especially where first dates were concerned.
‘We all make enemies.’ Sebastian was being evasive but John kept on him.
'I've looked at that file, the old one. It's personal isn't it.'Sherlock started, not a question. He sat back down, hands clasped, trying not to meet Greg's eye.
John sat, assessing. This wasn’t quite what he’d had in mind this man was older and had a prickly quality that John hadn’t known he was looking for but now he’d found it…
‘There have been attacks on workers in better quality brothels for the past few months, not that I can get anyone to believe that they are linked other than Lestrade. There’s a pattern that suggests Adler’s will be targeted tonight. Of course we’re certain he’s impotent, that’s why when I touched your penis I realised.’
‘It’s a smartphone, it’s got GPS, you can locate it online. She’s leading us directly to who killed her.’ He said, waking up his laptop and finding the right web address.
‘You're very distracting.’ John grinned at him and Sherlock realised John had pulled the conversation right back to where he wanted it to be. Intimate, flirtatious.
'No.' John said, trying to remember what seemed like a lifetime ago. 'I used to work on med support for special services. The rumours were true.'
‘Oh God, yes.’ John's enthusiasm was
' Don't be so negative Inspector.'Sherlock said, standing and walking over behind John.
‘Yeah, but if you were dying ... if you’d been murdered: in your very last few seconds what would you say?’ Sherlock worked through the thing in his head, trying to redeem himself, even if only to John.
? He wanted to add but didn't.
The cab moved at a glacial pace as he stared at the decoded message.
John had recommended her, when he'd given Sherlock the names of the painkillers he should try as promised and Sherlock had mentioned he wasn't happy with his current doctor. The alpha sometimes did locum shifts at the clinic she ran.
Sherlock explained the significance of the suitcase, why it obviously had to be pink. Why the murderer had made a mistake taking it and had to get rid of it in a hurry after he left the victim at Lauriston Gardens-but still had the phone.
The young man set the notes aside and leaned forward, elbows on knees. ' It's a bit more complicated than that. There's a whole lot of chemical stuff goes on during a heat that we don't really understand properly but yes, an alpha would relive some of his symptoms. Looking at his tests though, even with a strong, established bond he'd have struggled, you'd both have struggled to keep him hydrated, steady blood sugar. '
Before Lestrade could argue. Sherlock was bent to the lock with his set of lock picks. The inspector looked round nervously but Sherlock knew he was unlikely to be stopped when they were this close to something interesting. The mechanism was simple and it opened into a dingy corridor. The floor suggested it was little used but had seen some recent traffic.
Sherlock looked embarrassed.
'Sorry, I should have gone. I just get so tired after.' Matt arched into a luxurious stretch. Scent blunted somehow by the suppressant.
'Yeah - staying here at the moment.' Jason nodded at Molly's building.
'And interested.' John replied, teasing.
‘I hope you don't mind, I got soaked in that rain coming here.' The alpha, tugged the collar and smiled broadly.
John was actually glad about the position change. It gave him a view of Sherlock's face, flushed and beautiful, as John sank on to him. As he bore down he tried to consciously relax, open just that little bit more to let the knot ease inside.
‘It would make a hell of a mess I suppose. Anyway, I want all that inside me. Once we get home.’ John licked his lips as if in anticipation.
‘Sherlock was so unlike any alpha I'd ever met, anyone I'd ever met. We were both physically naïve but curious you know ? Shit, sorry John.’ Victor touched his arm as he notice John’s embarrassment.
' If you sit down in the chair...' Greg began but was cut off by the detective.
‘Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.’ John's expression turned sombre but he couldn't quite hide the wistfulness Sherlock had noticed at the start of his heat.
'Since I joined the Met. Believe it or not they were using the case in training. Anonymised of course but I knew enough to work it out who it was. I always felt there was part of the story my dad didn't tell me so I started looking into it. I think maybe-he meant to frighten him but it went too far. You looking at it, that's the closest I'll get to certain.
By then of course he was (technically) concealing evidence so he couldn't really go back to the scene. It didn't help the showing up he'd given Donovan.
'Yes.' Mike said out the side of his mouth to John. 'He's always like this.'
'Sherlock you need to take me home. I need you to...'
‘You wait at least. Let Sally do the interviews. Stay removed, your cover might be gone but it scarcely matters at this stage as long as they are spooked to enough to get hasty. Is there anything else I can look at?’ Sherlock had came to this case late. He'd seen what John had been given by Greg when they'd first pretended to be a couple but it was only a condensed version.
‘God yes.’ John allowed himself to be led to the luxurious looking bed and pushed down on the edge. William knelt to carefully remove John’s shoes and socks. This should not have been sexy but the way William pressed John’s knees slightly apart and gracefully lowered himself  between them was electric, promising and John felt himself swell towards full hardness.
'Student night.' Greg explained as they got out the cab and moved towards a side door. John was surprised, in spite of their conversation, when Greg gently took his hand.
'No, we go talk to Joe. I was trying to give them a bit of space but after Sally goes in tonight it's going to get a lot more difficult. There's no saying what Graeme will do when he's up against it.'
He felt John smile against his belly before looking up at him. 'I look forward to it. I'd like to have it in my mouth now though.'
'So you're saying he has to be committed to come off suppressant? Seems a bit drastic. Is this Mycroft?' Sherlock's brother could interfere for Britain (Come to think of it, that's sort of what he did for a living.) but this was extreme even for him.
‘Please, God, let me live.’ John said quietly.
Sherlock grinned at the absurdity of it, his own brother suggesting a casual arrangement. ‘Would I have to send a compromising photograph brother?’
'I already told you, I'm not interested.'
'You'd be a great bondmate, you're respectful and kind - in your own way. You don't assume or demand anything. Don't get me wrong, you're off your head, I don't really want to share a fridge with you and I wouldn't be surprised if you get me killed one day. John stopped abruptly and looked up at him, he appeared to be proposing, omegas didn't propose. They submitted, presented their neck.
He closed his eyes took a breath before opening them to look hard at the man again but he was right. The hair was different of course and the clothes. He had a definite uneven and greasy look which Sherlock suspected was intentional. He couldn’t though quite shake the military bearing.
‘Ooh, I like this bit. ’Cause you don’t get it yet. But you’re about to. I just have to do this.’ The cabbie was buzzing with excitement as he placed two identical bottles containing apparently identical pills on the bench.
Sherlock's eyes drifted open. 'Demanding of what?'
'You Ok?' Lestrade sounded genuinely concerned, which rather took the wind out of his sails.
Matt took several gulps as they walked back into the main dormitory. John surveyed it. Bill had joined three narrow camp beds together, well meaning, but as a nest it would never do. Alpha instinct took over and John dragged a dozen or so of the thin mattresses into a wide pile on the floor, covering then with sheets, crappy military issue blankets and pillows.
'True. I think we just bonded too young really. I thought when I joined I'd just be a regular cop you know? Not CID, Scotland yard all this pressure. She was lonely and neither of us had the guts for a clean break.'
'Well then, Soo Lin Yao. Have you found her?'
'Why don't you get to the meat of the thing Mycroft? John and I have better things to do.' Sherlock broke in. 'Lestrade has told us he is missing. What else?'
'Where do I come in?' John ignored his friend's obvious embarrassment.
'She was the one who had it concealed. Used it as a way to test you.' John said softly.
Sherlock filled him in on what he had missed and John let him get to the part where Greg had called Graeme before he broke in sharply.
'Mycroft's taking his car, even better.' John dodged a cushion tossed in his direction.
was all that passed his lips.
'One last thing, I probably shouldn't say this Mr Holmes but you seem so unsure of yourself, it's unusual in an alpha frankly. John, he calls out for you, your connection is obviously strong. I'm sure he'll be well cared for back home.'
‘Don’t try to be delicate John, you know what I mean. I obviously don’t date, I have never mentioned an ex of any kind…’ Sherlock paused and looked him in the eye, a plea for understanding.
The voices stopped and he heard the slight shuffles and creaks as they moved towards the noise. Sherlock shrank behind the door as if trying to hide.
'Lestrade has got something he wants you to see.' He said, looking strangely at the paper which Sherlock shoved into his pocket.
‘Sergeant Donovan’s just been explaining everything, the two pills. Been a dreadful business, hasn’t it?’ John furrowed his brow, shuffled. The alpha was many things (
‘There.’ John said proudly. ‘We should be comfortable - ish.’
‘Wait.’ Sherlock twisted the sheet in his hands. John paused, a jumper, absurdly, covering his modesty.
As a show home it was furnished and Lestrade was sitting on a rather lurid lime green sofa. A glass of wine in front of him. Melissa sat alongside just as if they were at the party, the one Jim still seemed to be attending on the other side of the waste ground.
'They're stealing to order.' Sherlock said, never taking his eyes off them. Someone else, probably someone in management is overseeing this. The waiters pass on the jewellery keep the cash.
He purposely looked out onto the street. No sign of anything yet. ‘This is all just transport.’ Sherock gestured at himself.
They ended up at the absurd point of sitting on the edge of the bed to impatiently remove the last of their clothes and grinned at each other. The easy, cosy feeling that came over Sherlock at this point was it's own sort of overwhelming.
' Mine was the same John, didn't look after himself at all.' Mrs Hudson said, shaking her head. John and Sherlock exchanged an amused glance because she was making her usual assumption - but this was the first time it had been sort of true.
'Yes, of course, thank you Raz.' He said, polite in his absent mindedness, his brain whirring as he showed Raz out.
'You should just have gone. I don't want to keep you back.' Sherlock felt defensive. He didn't want the responsibility of John at his beck and call. More than that he didn't want the responsibility of John in the middle of whatever else was happening.
Sherlock felt winded for a second, drew in a shaky breath.
Sally indicated the screen. ‘This whole area used to be pretty rough. Nice enough when I was growing up but then the factory closed down. Whole area went downhill, by the time I joined the force it was a no go area. The street they had the house on,  it's been- what's the word -gentrified. Probably why they've finally let it go they'll have made a good few quid. Round the road, it's ten minutes in a car between there and where the party is but if you walk through here,’ She indicated a greenish yellow area with grey splotches of old concrete on the satellite street view. ‘Five minutes on foot. It's the derelict factory site, all grown up with vegetation now. Only locals would think of the cut through.’
Half an hour later Sherlock was showered himself, clear-headed and starving. He headed tentatively through the house. The cooking smell making his empty stomach complain.
'Yeah, of course, that's what I thought, just checking you weren't trying to harvest me for experiments or something.'
'They had hoped for a calming influence, I always knew better.'
'What brought that on?' John tried to look at Sherlock's face but the way they were dancing made it difficult without looking him straight in the eye. 'Why don't we see how we go with this heat first, eh? Won't be long now. I don't agree by the way.'
'With the nudity and the location you're starting to think sex worker- your wrong.' Sherlock carefully stepped backwards.
' I'm not doing it for you Mycroft.' There was something about the older Holmes that rubbed John the wrong way.
He pottered about after the luxuriantly long shower ,picking out comfy jeans and shirt, ruffling his hair into some semblance of order. He padded through to the kitchen barefoot with a view to making tea or possibly looking to see if they had any beer or wine. For some reason they had a bottle of his favourite white in the fridge that he didn’t remember buying.
'You noticed. I was waiting for a break in the stream of consciousness to suggest food. Mrs Hudson brought up leftovers.'
‘Why didn't it flag up at his enlistment medical?’
‘John?’ Sherlock’s voice was tense behind the open fridge door.
The scent invaded his lungs as he caught his breath. It was like his mothers garden on a warm evening, lavender and rosemary. Green, herbal, clean. He realised, with embarrassment ,that even through several layers of clothes he was aware of the alphas penis against his thigh.
They sat down. John, not quite sure what to do when he felt the eyes of the group on him, casually rested a hand on Lestrade's thigh, to his relief the alpha smiled reassuringly.
He opened the door as quietly as possible. Sherlock must be having what counted as an early night for him given it was just past one. The flat smelled faintly, but not unusually, of melted plastic.
'Excellent, easier than you thought then.'
The omega moved closer to him on the bed. Picking up his hand and pressing it back to his hip. Hooking a leg over the Alpha's thigh for good measure.
As Sherlock read the results from the screen he realised he was less than ten days from a heat. There were signs too of course, tenderness, mood changes but the confirmation made his stomach flip.
‘You nothing to take, for the pain?’
'How long are you going to do this Mycroft?'
carefully, with interest.
Joe and Richard were settling into a cottage in Northumberland. As for Lestrade Mycroft promised to ‘put some people’ on him. Sherlock could all but hear his brothers eyes narrow as he described the brothel. Doubtless by the time they walked back to the police station Anthea would already have started subtle enquiries.
‘It’s on the way down now anyway.’ John felt deflated, in every sense of the word. ‘I assume you’re police?’
‘I just need to talk about the-the rent.’ Sherlock said, thinking quickly, moving away from Lestrade.
‘Is this ok?’ John asked, his voice ragged.
Sherlock and Lestrade we're waiting in a relatives room outside the isolation unit. Sherlock barely spoke and, what was almost worse, barely touched him. The detective briefly squeezed his arm, brow furrowed, as John sat to let his shaky legs recover while Lestrade brought the car to the door. He also carefully supported John as he almost collapsed into the back seat but it was serious, functional, lacking affection.
After that it got more instinctive, fluid. There was something decadent, John decided, about fucking while listening to the ebb and flow of base life seep through the thin walls.
John was all too aware that his hair was mussed, his shirt creased. Jacket too thin for the weather. He was too old to be coming home from a club (Christ, the thought) and too early, too shabby to be going to work.
‘Yes - but not just them. Do you mind missing a little of the party?’
'I'll text but he won't have phoned them yet. He wasn't keen and besides, they plan to bond during this heat. Probably won't surface for a couple of days.' John found himself avoiding Sherlock's eye as he tapped his phone.
' I was staying with him during the holidays and I deduced his father. It was something I was just learning to do, for amusement, an intellectual exercise. Anyway I picked up something of his previous life, a concealed life. It was awkward, especially when a man from his past turned up. He became ill and died suddenly around the same time. Victor blamed me on some level, totally irrational of course. He moved to the far east, finished his degree there. He still stays out there, I believe he's happily bonded now.'
'You're not worried he'll do a round or something?' John whispered.
John entered him slowly, the alpha grinning as he watched Sherlock's expression change.This time, which Sherlock was sure would be the last, was slow and languorous, drawing things out. ‘You're amazing.’ John said at one point holding him as if he couldn't get him close enough.
'Brazen, definitely.' John said, a heady mixture of arousal and relief stirring inside him. They slow-danced out the rest of the song like teenagers.
‘So what,she gets him thrown in prison and then takes over the drugs the brothels?’ John said.
The alpha shook his head in embarrassment. 'This is my area, the Mediterranean. The Chinese stuff I probably know as much as you. She told me it was her mother's. When she asked me to keep something so personal safe for her I thought it meant something. I don't blame her, you know?'
Erm...I've got a condom somewhere. I don't mind but if you'd feel more comfortable I could slip one on you.'
Sherlock sat back on his heels and looked at the wrecked omega spread below him. 'Can I?' He said, licking his lips.
'I think she tried but she was forced back into it somehow. Probably all that saved her life then was her specialist knowledge. Then, on a recent trip an opportunity presented itself. The pin was valuable, easily concealed and she could find a private buyer through her museum contacts. She told Zhu Zhi. Told him they could both get away, new identities, plenty of money. She miscalculated though. He was in too deep, with Shan. By the time Soo Lin realised, it was too late to run on her own. That night at the museum was her last attempt with him, that's why she told us, she wanted to try and bring them down if she couldn't get away. Van Coon, Lukis, they were collateral damage.'
'I would take one of those.' Sherlock's voice startled him from his thoughts. The alpha came in and sat down in his chair, a shaft of light from the street cutting across him.
The two of them disappeared behind a set of double doors and through the space they had vacated John surveyed the room. A broad sweep flagged up two possibilities. Two men, both twenty five to thirty and built like swimwear models. Both unfortunately talking to other clients. John was just wondering what the etiquette was here, with waiting your turn, when a voice behind him drew his attention.
John almost began saying his flatmate was a chemist but stopped himself.
The armed police officers were standing in front of him, they had quickly established that  something was going on in the house. Something fiddly had now been done with a drill and a miniature camera and they could see a blurry, odd angle of the living room.
‘It's how it felt. It was more than that though, than sex, he has interesting work, an interesting life.’
'Nothing that I know of, I suppose he just likes the idea of a spare. Apparently I should have known him, son of one of my parents friends.'
'Something like that. I don't want anyone looking at you like that but me.' John's voice was a rasping whisper.
'You noticed, very good-youll do.' Sherlock rewarded him with an appreciative glance. 'Of course it could just be that they're the ones who have that sort of jewellery, wear it, but I suspect there's more to it. They're people who drink infrequently, are perhaps less savvy about personal security. The thieves can probably pick them out...and that is our cue.' Sherlock watched the waiters disappear through the staff door that led to the kitchens and pulled John along to follow.
There were a few seconds where Sherlock stood quiet while the alpha scrabbled to gather his few belongings.
Sherlock couldn’t help but think of his own reaction to the scent on the note, the pull. Yes of course it was chemical (he should really have asked Molly to do his blood when he was there) but there was something about their reverence for the beauty of the game that appealed. Something that felt a lot like understanding. Something- and yet nothing like this.
He pulled the silk aside like wrapping paper. As he slid down Sherlock's body he was enveloped by the man's heat and scent, a pheremone heavy mix of soap and sweat and Sherlock. He settled on his knees between Sherlock's thighs.
'I wanted to talk to you about that.' The alpha stood hesitant in the doorway. ' I thought you could use some assistance with your undercover work.'
'First I've heard of it, though Mycroft does like to delegate. I did wonder why he was kept in?' John asked.
'Of course I'm jealous.' John replied,confident, since his body had already given him away. 'You're barely a week off suppressant and your brother's trying to pair you off.'
‘It’s more than that. He’s got no change of clothes. He
He impatiently, almost roughly, pulled the now naked doctor onto the bed beside him and leaned in for another kiss as he hooked his leg around John's. His cock coming into contact with firm muscle, warm and alive for the first time in far too long. A stuttering thrust was instinctive. His hand found Johns length and greedily explored it. It was fair to say the doctor was rather out of proportion, gloriously so.
'I thought - Victor? When you said you'd never spent a heat together. I didn't realise..' He stopped the motion on John's hip and visibly withdrew.
'Did you even listen to me?' John laughed, his mate had changed a lot from the brittle eccentric he'd moved in with all those months ago.
When he'd showered, changed and properly woken up he went back to the kitchen. Sherlock was ladling casserole into bowls. They sat and ate in companionable silence. The detective eating, for him, reasonably well.
John put painful pressure on his shoulder, running through the field triage manual in his head. Anything to stop him thinking about Matt. The familiar scent mixing with gunpowder and blood as he was dragged to cover. Anyone would have done it for him and John would have done it for anyone. That's how it worked, had to work out here but it hadn't been just anyone.
'OK, as long as you don't do the same in public as she did we should be ok.' Greg said with a wry smile.
Sherlock just squeezed his hand in response.
‘John you really don’t need to over romanticise.’
The alpha stroked and kissed down his belly to where he was beginning to harden again. Rolling on to his back, John pulled Sherlock on top of him. Tugging his hair to hold him in position while they kissed.
The sergeant has me looking at some old files. They're interesting enough I suppose. Maybe they'll let me go to an actual crime scene soon.’
Lestrade ran a hand wearily over his jaw line. 'Go on then, explain it to me.'
‘They're in the same … they're in hospital. It’ll be a couple of days before we can talk to them but we don’t have that sort of time. We’re hoping we get a few hours head start on Graeme even realising something is wrong,’ Lestrade opened a door and they were on the opposite side of a two way mirror looking into an interview room. Property bags were piled on a table beside them, an anxious beta hovering by the door.
'No, Anthea and I will be sitting at a table with people from various charities, well away from you. The idea is she is a caseworker for vulnerable omegas, I'm simply her alpha attending as a plus one. It should allow her to ask some slightly uncomfortable questions without arousing too much suspicion.'
##########
Sherlock inspected the cardboard boxes more closely.'These are from the fruit shop across the road.'
'Not to me.' Lestrade replied, pulling his coat off.
‘How can it be here? How?’
'I'm not what you might call active.' Sherlock said calmly, standing and carefully moving towards the window. He appeared to be giving the, now frightened, omega space and access to the door. John made no attempt to leave.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, as if there was no comparison. 'Come in John , we have mildly diverting work to do.'
‘Isn’t the doorbell working? Your taxi’s here, Sherlock.’ Mrs Hudson broke into his train of thought.
'We'll have breakfast first though. Can't get a direct train for an hour and a half anyway.'
‘Amazing.’ John said and Sherlock just beamed for a moment before wrestling his face back to it's previous coolness.
'Mycroft's home from his travels, he visited.'
‘One you'd like to take more part in?’
'Surely that's just asking for trouble, in their business.' John said thoughtfully. Looking for Greg's number in his phone.
John woke to a dull throb. The sofa was fine most of the time but it didn't always agree with his bad shoulder. He turned to pick up his phone from the floor beside him and startled at the figure perched on the the arm of the sofa until he recognised the profile.
John gently lifted the hand from his thigh. 'Look Matt, you’ve only just started in the army. You've only just found out about being an omega. You don't want to saddle yourself with me, not now. I'm going to be no use to you for a while.' John glanced down into his lap, trying to keep it light. That was true at least. It was impossible to imagine ever feeling physical desire again. He dropped Matt's hands and pulled back a little.
They had a quiet interval of an hour or so while tea was made, food heated and served up. It was measured, soothing. So unlike the normal peaks and troughs of his usual casework, working till he more or less collapsed with low blood sugar or sheer exhaustion. Sherlock finished his lasagne and set the plate aside.
'You didn't know what it was worth?' Dimmock said doubtfully, holding an evidence bag open for the modest jade pin, only distinguished by the dragon design.
OK - so I lied. This is 14 of 15. The bonding etc seemed to merit it's own chapter.
'The Spider.' Soo Lin unlaced her shoe and took it off. On her sole, at the heel, was a simple tattoo of a lotus flower inside a circle.
'Hang on.' John grabbed his arms and rolled them both till Sherlock was on his back. Pinned with a move from a long ago hand to hand combat course.
Thanks again for all the support with the last chapter.
‘Where are the omegas?’ Sherlock asked.
'Another one if your palace intrigues Mycroft? I'm not that desperate.' Sherlock sighed.
John made tea for them both. He was just placing a cup at Sherlock's elbow, that he knew would likely be left to go cold, when he heard two female voices. Mrs Hudson and
'Maybe, but it may have been more calculating that that. I think his mother was already in love with another alpha, George Lestrade, whose name they would all take a couple of years later.'
He had been in such a rush to find the victim’s suitcase he knew had to be nearby before Anderson could get to it that he'd forgotten John. Ten minutes later, as he hauled the very pink case out of a skip he remembered . The possibly suicidal alpha he'd rejected and now, abandoned.
'I have to have blood taken in the afternoon and I should really see Lestrade at some point.'
(See the end of the chapter for
‘What did they steal?’
'Are you listening?'
The reply was immediate.
Sherlock had a peculiar blank moment.
‘You felt you needed to protect him?’
Sherlock had left their door ajar and was stretched out in his usual chair when John walked in. He made to cross the floor but stopped. The opportunity to just watch Sherlock for a moment was too good. He had changed into his blue (second best) dressing gown and, as far as John could tell, now wore nothing else. His eyes were closed and he seemed totally oblivious to John's presence as he langorously stroked himself through the silk. His other arm was flung behind his head to rest on the back of the chair. He looked edible.
'You don't suppose Mycroft has put cameras in here?' John said anxiously.
Van Coons murder. A journalist, the same locked doors high floor flat scenario. ‘
'That's what I need to talk to Lestrade about. His cold case. The victim is his grandfather.' Sherlock looked suddenly serious.
Sherlock watched as John produced an envelope and handed it to someone Sherlock couldn’t quite see. It was at this point all hell broke loose. Armed officers ran across the scene pushing the someone to the ground. John, rather than stepping back, as would be expected of a civilian, assisted with restraining the prisoner who was thrashing wildly. John had a physicality which he seemed to hide most of the time, all the more impressive for appearing in these unexpected bursts.
'Scrambled eggs.' Lestrade said finally, as if it was the answer to a question. 'My ex, that's what I used to make her afterwards. It's just everyone talks about energy bars and whatever for during but once it's over you want something solid and you're not really in a condition to go to the shops.'
‘Too long?...Oh, right. Well better get on with it then.’ Lestrade looked embarrassed.
'Its a work bond. Means nothing.' Soo Lin smiled sadly. '
‘John, this doesn't change anything. I want to be very clear.’ He forced himself to meet the alpha’s eye.
He woke up to bright sunshine, a steaming mug of tea and, most importantly, confident fingers tracing the line of his spine. Omega scent still strong on his sheets.
'Eating, drinking, dancing, getting off with people if they're lucky.'
'No one special, hmm. Anyone ' not special' trying that would have got a broken jaw for their trouble.' He defensively pulled his shirt back.
‘Hotel security’ they said but the speed and efficient, discreet brutality they used to subdue the alpha, restrain him with a cable tie suggested a different paymaster. He had assumed his brother monitored these liaisons, he'd been both relieved and alarmed to discover how closely.
Sherlock paused for a moment, looking confused. ‘John while I’m flattered by your interest I should tell you I’m married to my work and I should stress my turning you down has nothing to do with you visiting this establishment. Indeed I find the approach to physical needs refreshing…I…’
'We were intimate of course but I was never inside him like that.'
‘You look very happy - what happened to a woman lying dead.’ Sherlock whispered sharply as he noticed the alpha trying not to grin.
The following morning, chasing his hangover with strong tea and heavily buttered toast John did a bit of idle web searching (safe search off) and found the place within minutes. Atler’s, Antler’s,
The cab driver didn't ask but looked carefully at John in the rear view mirror. The grimy grey light of a London dawn seeping in through filmy windows.
'You know about me?' Sherlock had for some reason assumed his work would be news to the omega.
Harry agreed, enthusiastically, and they headed back to the flat.
'Just thought I'd warn you.' John grinned and Sherlock's arms tightened around him. They both dozed a little. John felt it a genuine loss when he finally felt Sherlock slip from his body.
The day passed slowly in a sort of suffocating tedium. Brutally boring normally but he was somehow anxiously eager to please. He found himself making tea, running a bath, playing the violin for John. He knew on some level this was some sort of courtship, trying to persuade John he was worthy of a bond. He tried to relax, let in play out.
- don’t you have a phone?’
The awkwardness of the cab journey was cut through by anxiety about what they were about to do and John replaying the way Sherlock had said captain in his head-but that could wait.
‘Just before you go, which one would you have picked?’ The cabbie said casually and Sherlock stopped. He knew he should walk out, call Lestrade but he stopped.
'Helping the doctor Ma'am' Matt half lied smoothly and john fought a snigger as he shifted and felt his cock move stickily inside his clothes.
Sherlock pulled his thoughts back to the case. He was banking on the murderer panicking at the text, trying to respond in some way. He settled in to wait while John paced.
Sherlock pulls away first, something sad but hungry in his pale eyes. He carefully turns John round so his back is pressed to the to the rough surface of the door. The detective sinks to his knees and starts to pull open John's trousers, his hands careful but shaky with the needy hard flesh. John shivers with anticipation
Then he was gone and Sherlock heard rustling and banging in the kitchen for a few minutes. John returned with a tray of tea and buttered toast with jam, a hot water bottle wrapped in a pillowcase under one arm.
John spun round to face him. ‘You're scaring her Sherlock, she just doing her job, more than her job actually. She could get in trouble for helping us. It's not easy.’
‘What did you say to her, to earn that?’ Sherlock gestured at Lestrade’s face.
So much bare skin contact seemed to calm Sherlock, make him serious. Their kisses softened as the alpha' s hand slid down John's belly and gently along his swelling flesh before moving between his legs. Tensing as his fingers found where John was sensitive, wet and, suddenly, oh so empty. He broke away.
‘Probably not a good idea.’ Sherlock said sheepishly. His balls had never felt so full, his cock so hard and heavy.
'Morning.' John replied, relaxing into his touch. He gasped as the alpha's mouth perfectly engulfed his sensitive flesh. He let his hold in Sherlock's hair ground him. He was good at this, neither too rough nor too hesitant, reading him perfectly. John came, crying out,
‘Oh, use your imagination!’ Sherlock burst out.
'You did though.' Sherlock was looking at him keenly. John decided he might want scotch instead. He split the difference, splashing spirit into the steaming mugs, before carrying them back to Sherlock's chair and sitting back on the arm, glad he was facing away from the piercing stare.
‘I’ve emailed you your receipt Dr Watson, enjoy your evening.’ She smiled brightly before turning and clicking away on her heels.
He wasn't sure if it was a question or a warning.
'John-your mouth - oh fuck...' Sherlock gasped, sliding all ten of his fingers around John's skull.
‘Did he offer you money to spy on me?’
'You sneaked away from the engagement party for a missing koi carp.'
Sherlock led him back towards the Street, glancing down towards the two police cars parked outside the building.
You don't need to do this.’ Sherlock said, already relishing the prospect of something warm and starchy.
‘Shall we?’ William gracefully rose and John noticed a faint nod to a grey haired man in the corner, a client too John supposed. John realised he was likely a regular, waiting until William was done with him. John felt unaccountably jealous and pushed it down. This was what he wanted, wasn’t it? To get off, no strings?
‘No, that’s ... that’s not right. How ... Why would she do that?...’ Sherlock thought out loud, genuinely confused.
It seemed Sherlock's childhood had been happy if eccentric. They finished in Sherlock's old bedroom. Two adjoining rooms actually, with a very old fashioned bathroom. A good distance from the rest of the frequently used living space.
The cold case John had brought him in hospital needed leg work, literally, but he was obviously in no state to do that. He could ask John but was somehow reluctant for the omega to go out working by himself. Partly it was because Sherlock was a control freak when it came to the work but mainly it was his alpha brain coming back on-line. He knew, on some level, he wanted to protect the post-heat, newly bred omega. It was distracting nonsense. John Watson, Captain Watson, would have laughed at the notion of needing such protection from him-and rightly so.
'Victor, you must see this awful print.' He said jovially, as if they'd spoken only ten minutes ago. He gently steered the omega's arm and fortunately Victor seemed to have enough residual trust to go along with it. Trust that Sherlock had, frankly, done nothing to deserve the last time they'd seen each other.
‘A discretionary option. An acquaintance of mine, an alpha. I understand his private life is …heavily scheduled.’
'I'll get my kit and patch you up.' John dropped his bag at the door.
'Why are they keeping him in?' John asked doing a quick inventory of the kitchen, no sign of much having been eaten while he was gone. No milk bought either.
'He's only broken his bloody ankle. Fell through a wall chasing a murderer.'
They lay down on top of the bed, John stripped to his underwear and shirt, wrapped in the silky circle of Sherlock's arms.
'There may be more use for him yet.' Greg said thoughtfully.
'It will likely arrive with little warning after this, best to get food, water and things sorted.' The doctor looked at him carefully. 'If you're not sure I can give you some information...'
‘I suppose I’ll go in and have a go then.’ Lestrade sighed, rubbing his neck.
‘Rachel.’ John moved to stand behind him, proudly perhaps and it made the resolution of the problem twice as sweet as usual.
'I got offered a job-sort of anyway- six months maternity cover starting in three weeks, my old boss.' John smiled at the way his sister suddenly seemed a little taller.
'Lestrade suggested that.' Sherlock broke in. 'but if it were that simple you wouldn't be here.' He pressed the tips of his fingers together, waiting for a response from his brother.
'It's Victor, I'm buying him a late breakfast.' Greg said finally, sheepish.
'Remember if the press ask you questions...'
‘I don’t really know what I’m looking for…I mean obviously…’
'The Sherlock Holmes? You look different without the hat.' Jason said, with a lop-sided grin that John remembered being unable to resist once upon a time.
He had wanted to talk to him about the casework he had left but even someone with Sherlock's lack of social graces could see now was not the time. He knew from experience that being undercover was uniquely stressful - if exhilarating when it went to plan.
'Do you see a bond bite?' John tilted his neck to emphasise the point. 'Its up to me. Though I will talk to him obviously. So?'
Sherlock stepped closer to lay a hand on his belly, nuzzle his neck. 'Don't alpha me.' John chided, putting up token resistance.
'He's in hospital. He was dosed with hormones.'Sherlock said, monitoring the young omegas response. He knew Lestrade and John seemed to trust him but he was, after all, the one who'd sent them there.
‘An enemy. Your arch-enemy, according to him. Do people have arch-enemies?’
John nodded as he started to tidy up his paperwork and shut down his computer.
‘Yeah, but that was ages ago. Why would she still be upset?’ Sherlock asked, suddenly realising the room was not just silent but heavily,awkwardly so. John was looking at him.
'I'm fine, busy as I say so...'
'Was this Mycroft's idea?' He snapped.
‘Sorry didn't realise you had company.’ Lestrade said, hovering awkwardly. ‘I forgot about..’
‘I'm not in shock.’ Sherlock countered, shrugging the thing off again.
'Thank you,I can manage.' Sherlock got up to leave. He only had the vaguest notion of what was needed, practically speaking. Though he knew John, with typical military efficiency, kept bottled water and other supplies in the flat.
Two more eyes followed him on the tube as they travelled into Euston and another of those long, sinuous chains of them wrapped around a lamppost. Though John wordlessly pointed out the lamppost he didn’t notice those on the tube platform. Those had been placed precisely at Sherlock’s eye level and with an obvious awareness of his preference for boarding a train at the rear. More signs he was being watched closely, had been for a long time. He wondered if John had distracted him somehow.
'It is, though I quite enjoyed your way too.' John led him into the busy room and to the edge of the dancefloor.
The mood shifted a little when they got the text announcing Mycroft was half an hour away. Sherlock was silent as he dressed.
‘Tell me you didn't feel something? I don't mean the sex. I'm a doctor with a big cock I should be able to service a heat.’ Sherlock laughed at his bluntness and John smiled. Reaching across the table to take Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock let it be taken, to stretch out this moment before he had to disappoint John. Let him down gently. He looked so
He got up and moved carefully towards Sherlock pausing a few feet away. ‘Let it happen. You know what to do, what you need.’
‘Mrs Hudson left champagne in the fridge, for after.’ Sherlock said, getting out a bottle of water and opening it for John who took it gratefully.
Dressed as William.
'What the fuck?' Sherlock was faced with two bulky, ugly, stupid alphas.
Richard smiled at this. 'They still use the same layout. Postcodes, money in, money out. Of course there's only three postcodes in that book.' That lot are too thick and set in their ways to get used to a better system.
Sherlock didn't get the chance to tell her that this was more likely to be as a result of his mess than whatever shady diplomacy his brother was currently involved in.
'You could almost imagine he could walk through walls.' John whispered.
'Tell me, do you make it your normal practice to kidnap dangerous men when carrying a useless weapon ?' Shan was levelling the gun in his general direction but skirting through the shadows as he was he made a poor target.
'There's no hurry. Just lie here with me and we'll see how it goes. For a start we've got too many clothes on.' John had his own pyjamas off in seconds and couldn't help but smile at the way the alpha looked at him, hungrily but still slightly anxious as he straddled his still clothed hips.
'This is someone new?' Joe asked, holding it between finger and thumb dubiously.
'You don't want to talk about it, that's fine.' She held her hands up.
There was twenty minutes of nothing happening except closely watching the feed from the camera. The conversation between Lestrade and Melissa looked intense.
They investigated the possibility of the symbol being a bona fide graffiti tag with one of Sherlock's street contacts to no avail.
'Just as well I came to help.' She said surveying the crates.
'God no - he'll have scanned for recording equipment. The meetings he uses this for he wouldn't want filmed. Sherlock continued the motion with his hand, though more gently, friction on a particular spot causing John to gasp.
They cleaned up, dressed and rejoined the party just as the birthday cake was being brought out. They tried to ignore the fact that anyone within three feet would know exactly what they'd been up to.
'Not for the likes of me then.' John grinned. As the alpha joined him on the bed he growled, a feral noise John was sure the alpha hadn't known himself he was capable of. It did sudden, violent, wonderful things to John's lower belly.
He'd a acquitted himself well at the crime scene considering. He lacked the flow, the speed, focus he'd have after a whole heat spent with an alpha but he'd managed.
Matt hesitated. ‘Can we-I'd like to touch you? I don't mean-just..’ He trailed off.
The detective disappeared back to the bedroom. John put the mugs in the sink and followed to find him on the sofa in his former spot.
John saw Greg out of the corner of his eye hovering. Obviously not quite sure what to do. John thought, hormones making him more sentimental than usual , of the the way Victor had been looking at Greg. He picked up his tumbler, it still had a measure of good whiskey in the bottom.
Carrying him the final few metres to their room though, the one he'd spent a long time a few days before preparing with extra pillows, that was a romantic gesture. The only one either of them had patience for now.
John sank down beside him fingers twining round his. Gentle and hopeful. ‘I don’t think you could disappoint me. Be a pain in the arse yes - but not a disappointment.’ Sherlock felt himself smile a little. ‘Just so we’re clear,’ John leaned in close, his voice dropping to a gruff whisper. ‘This is me asking.’
‘Seriously?! This guy, a junkie?! Have you met him?. He could feel John stiffen with anger behind him.
‘Greg, here, shame to waste it.’ John pressed the glass into his hand as the alpha stepped forward. He noticed a very slight but unmistakable movement from Sherlock as Greg moved towards him ,a protective gesture, unconscious on the alpha’s part. In his current condition it sent an urgent pleasant energy coursing through his body. ‘Victor, Greg Lestrade, he likes scotch too.’
When he found Matt, just to talk he told himself, it happened again. A quick pheremone driven encounter in the corner of a dark storage unit.
‘They have the CCTV. He was approached by a member of the shop staff and then he disappeared. A few minutes later a van no one can account for pulls up at a loading bay for a few minutes. He was probably known in the shop, it was the one closest to his flat. They maybe asked for his help with a shoplifter. They’ll have the footage sent to the yard but…’
'I'm sure I'll cope.' Sherlock was dismissive.
'I was fifteen. My parents were dead. I had no livelihood; no way of surviving day to day except to work for the bosses.'
'Nor literally doing everything but pulling the strings. I think they're working up to something. Crime it has a normal rhythm, ebb and flow. Drugs, stolen goods move in a pattern. In London, over the last few days, something has happened. Everything slowed. That's why I've been so bored.'
'Whatever, no tie though, mother hates them at family parties.' Sherlock was in his usual suit so John dressed similarly.
Sally went off to phone to her superiors while they looked through the list.
'Even assuming i hadn't heard you talking earlier, which I did, what about the ones in the safe?' Sherlock nodded towards a small safe in one corner of the floor. 'You don't move them on that quickly do you? Not if you want to get the best price.'
John's grip on him was gently possessive as they both finished. The alpha licked across the surface of his scent gland and murmured something about the taste of raspberry. Sherlock settled, ready to wait out the knot. It took him a few moments of stroking the length of John's back to realise.
'I can't
'I should never have sent you there.' Joe shook his head, obviously genuinely upset. Sherlock saw Richard move subtly, angling his body to protect the omega.
'Prepare for this did you?' John said watching him, head dropped on to the back of the seat, enjoying the sated buzz and letting his breathing go back to normal.
‘Ejaculation.’ Sherlock finished his sentence with a smile, echoing their first conversation. ‘You need companionship, genuine affection-excitement?’ Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
'Look at the table, they've all been rather sticky fingered. Haven't you?'
The alpha left and they could hear him being accosted by Mrs Hudson and her cousin on the way down, much to Sherlock's amusement.
'Careless. When do we go in?' Sherlock said, . His body shifting forward, restless for action.
John wished her a happy birthday and she led them over to a group where Mr and Mrs Holmes sat. They introduced themselves and Mrs Holmes hugged him (Mr Holmes excusing himself from the otherwise all omega group). She was actually almost tearful at the idea of Sherlock having someone and John felt the weight of the responsibility keenly.
Lestrade came to visit on the second day and brought another couple of files. Sherlock was particularly pleased to see the yellowing pages of a genuinely old case along with the violent death Lestrade had described to him the day he broke his ankle. John would likely have told him it was inappropriate to think so, since someone had died, but there was almost a romance to really old cases.
If, as he expected, John was being given a lift back in his brother's car he'd be here soon. Sure enough less than twenty minutes had passed before the alpha (no trace of a limp) walked in the door.
The timeline of their engagement was carefully mapped out. Where they'd met (in a supermarket) and how long they'd been together (nine months, but only openly since Greg's divorce became final). John's own history, work and so on, matched the cover story other than the last few months. There were also copies of parts of the Yard's Graeme file, his business interests (legal and otherwise) and his surprisingly normal private life. He'd been bonded for the better part of eight years to Melissa, a childhood sweetheart. John put the papers away to read properly at home later.
‘They all look pretty regular to me.’ Harry said. ‘Although, this is funny.’ She picked up a bundle of invoices. ‘Two years ago, whole lot of work done re-roofing a place in the December, big job.’
'You swear a lot don't you? Shows a lack of vocabulary. ' Sherlock was keeping him talking. Trying to work out the way to get out of this.
‘She should but honestly there's not much else on her. I keep thinking, if we'd been looking in the right places, maybe we'd have got them both sooner.’ Greg sat back wearily in the chair.
'I'll go to bed.' Sherlock said finally. Turning awkwardly and limping away.
‘Oh no I’m a consulting detective, the only one in the world. My associate downstairs, he is police though.’
' Apparently, some posh bloke lost it. Has Roy in a right flap, thought we may as well come and check when we were passing with the key. It's always worth him owing you a favour.'
'I will be, I knew there was a reason I avoided fieldwork.' Mycroft said, as he took the mug shakily.
‘I didn’t order a taxi. Go away.’ He snapped, immediately feeling guilty. John went to the door to talk to her.
'There. Do you see.'
Sherlock sporting an alpha sized erection in such a public place was both a huge turn on and for some reason, hilarious. John laughed, the strain on his stomach muscles triggering a twinge of cramp. They hadn't been wrong about it coming on suddenly. He clutched his jacket to his belly and Sherlock moved to his side an arm reaching for him.
him. It should be unnerving, it wasn't. ‘For example.’ Sherlock said finally, nodding in the direction of a side door further down the building that stood open, light spilling across the lawn. ‘Tell me what you see.’
‘Sherlock, a candle for the table - more romantic.’ Angelo winked as he placed the tealight in front of John.
'Fine just a bit...' As he looked around the expression on the alpha' s face had changed, eyes wide, almost anxious. He realised (too late) that he was likely firing off all sorts of chemical signals that would make any sort of verbal reassurance he gave pointless. Chemical signals that Sherlock was replying to-with bells on. His scent, which John was getting used to as a constant, pleasant background buzz had gained an extra dimension.
‘You think he knows something?’
'Morning Julie' He shouted with a wave to the receptionist at the desk as he went towards his room. The elderly beta made a slight but well practiced movement with her head to indicate he should join her in the office behind. He had been hoping for a quiet, quick clinic, he was obviously to be disappointed.
Sherlock turned back sharply meeting Johns eye. There was humour but also something steely, something of the commanding officer. He couldn't be sure the alpha wouldn't follow through on the threat, he couldn't be sure he wouldn't enjoy it if he did.
Somehow the limitation of total silence made the whole thing more intense. Even though they were managing little more than the slick slide of lips and the firm pressure of hands through clothes.
'Get me out of here.' John said tightly, face blotchy and sweating already.
'Is she though?' Mycroft said with a smile. 'Think again. Assuming Soo Lin is alive, where would she be?'
‘I can't keep doing this, this needs to stop.’John said, injecting his voice with a determination he didn't feel. Sherlock didn't stir as he left, quietly shutting the door.
'Well, the thing is his brother asked that you be treated as next of kin in his absence.' She raised her eyes and read John's blank expression.
So he did. Idle curiosity, he had nothing else to do mooching around as he was, waiting for sporadic locum work to come his way. A couple of hours later, as he took a much needed nap, a beautifully formatted pdf dropped into his inbox with a pleasant email from Miss Adler herself (or so it claimed) saying how delighted she would be to see him soon.
‘Will you be taking your clothes off?’ John said hopefully, cheekily.
John laughed a little. 'Of course we can. You're adorable when you're inarticulate.' He pecked the alpha on the lips again before carefully getting up. He had the urge to lead Sherlock by the hand to the bedroom in some grand romantic gesture but that obviously wasn't going to work. Instead he walked ahead, switching on the lamp and turning down the bed.
He began to run fingertips over various surfaces, tapped the wall for hollow spots, he took a screwdriver from his pocket and began opening up the light switches. The technician glanced at him but carried on with his work, no doubt having heard stories of the eccentric Sherlock Holmes. In the bathroom he found what he was looking for.
John expected more empathy from him, but there was something else. Something about Gray that had rattled him. Sherlock was generally not capable of shame but he felt a flicker of something now. Then he thought of the scent on the paper.Wondered how
Sherlock had paused halfway across the room, he caught John's eye, before making a beeline for him.
' What was so boring about it?' John shifted to get comfortable, the mix of pheromones and alcohol was making him pleasantly drowsy and he was fighting the urge to nuzzle Sherlock's thigh.
. 'Something you want to tell me?'
Joe shook his head. 'We can't carry on like this though. Richard, he's just an accountant, he didn't sign up for this. It's only a matter of time before he does something, something he can't fix.'
'In the flat – no. Aside from the unforgivable breach of privacy. My brother would have found them in the first day. There is however a security camera on the landing. A sensible precaution in an old building.'
'It was noted.' Sherlock replied feeling the progress of John's hands. He tended and opened his mouth to speak as John looked at him.
Something about the place was registering with his former self, the one who needed to know where to get drugs in apparently respectable neighbourhoods. The positioning near a wealthy suburb, the security, all rang bells.
He moved quietly inside closely followed by Lestrade. It confused him at first, the rich woody smell, so out of place. Then he realised what it was masking. His body was half a step ahead of his brain and arousal was already curling in his lower belly when his mind registered the cloying musk of omega heat. He was suddenly moving unconsciously towards it. He tried to shake off Lestrade when he grabbed his arm but the inspector was stronger and more in control, though not unaffected. His pupils were blown when Sherlock turned to him.
