Bucky bumped his shoulder with his own. “I’m glad. I would have missed you.”
“You been talking to Bu—,” he stops himself with a huff.
Frankly, Tony expected more of a fight. It was
“I’m gonna need support on Bleeker Street!” Clint calls down the comms, and then curses colourfully in Bulgarian.
“How do we get back, then?”
“...What?”
“Are you okay?”
He nodded, and managed to fall into a sort of sitting parade rest, hands carefully on his knees.
“Among other things. Stark Industries may not be making weapons anymore, but they turn a pretty good profit anyway.”
Steve grinned. “It worked.”
“You love it,” Bucky breathes, his chin hooked over Tony’s shoulder.
He takes a breath, huffs, and then crosses his arms in preparation for whatever defensive flailing these dumbasses will no doubt default to. He might have gotten off track a bit there at the end, but he’s pretty satisfied his point has been made.
“So what’s happening?” he asked. “What’s so important you had to see me?”
“Must have been a really vivid dream,” Bruce commented.
From: tstark@starkindustries.com
“I’ve got this feeling that I came to the right place,” Steve murmurs.
Steve glanced at him. “Why do this for me?”
“Can we…?” Pepper said, her voice cracking.
Steve goes, and then wanders back to bed in a haze. He’s living in possibly the weirdest, best apartment in Brooklyn, and his landlord is Tony Stark, and Tony Stark, elusive billionaire and tech whiz, is apparently sinfully attractive.
“A lot.”
“No antimatter?” Tony says, shoving his goggles up onto the top of his head, revealing a forlorn and grease-smudged look. “I know it’s generally considered unstable, but–”
Steve sighs. “It’s not going to—“
Steve blinks rapidly. “Uh. Six. In the morning. On a Sunday? That’s actually more of a problem than the noise.”
“And people want it,” he said on a sigh. “Because of course they do.”
Didn’t talk about it. Instead, he started helping out around the house, in addition to Pepper’s assignment for him—playing with Morgan, tidying up, continuing to make breakfast and help with salad at dinner.
“He’s doing fine, Stark. You can stop hovering.”
He woke with a splitting headache and a bone-deep conviction that Tony was lying right beside him, down to the weight of him dipping the mattress, the sound of him breathing. Despite the throb in his temple, the sudden absence of loneliness was so acute that he couldn’t bring himself to open his eyes or even move, anything that risked breaking the spell.
Steve looks at him incredulously. “Sam’s one of us, anything you gotta say, he can hear.”
“Ugh. Hate those.”
Pepper leaned back and winced a little when her head hit metal. Tony steadied her with a hand on her hip. “Well,” she said.
"Tony," Steve murmured, "You're projecting."
“Sleep,” she commanded, strapping the swords to her back.
“I’ll miss this little fool’s errand,” he said, pouring whiskey into tin mugs. “Though I guess it was less foolish than I thought.”
Bucky, Sam, Clint and Wanda all came to see him off. Pepper invited them all in for lunch beforehand, and Steve ended up sitting next to her for the meal. “You feeling ready?” she said, between bites of fresh pasta.
Tony had called Captain Bowers, the Navy liaison to the expedition, just to check in, and the man had just said, “Howard was a good friend of mine. I’m happy to take a couple of weeks each year to tool around the north Atlantic for him. Don’t worry about what we’re doing here, and I’ll call if there’s ever a need to make an update.”
“We should have called Bruce for backup,” Steve commented.
Steve swallowed, and pretended not to have heard.
Steve and Bucky look at each other, and then Bucky’s hand is shoved into the back pocket of Tony’s jeans and Steve’s arm is around Tony’s shoulders.
“Captain Rogers, sir.”
“Stop that, you’re gonna give yourself whiplash,” he murmurs, which, what? Steve doesn’t understand.
“Probably only in the crudest sense,” Helen admitted. “You’d need way more control than what the Cradle offers to accomplish that, though a part of me wonders if some of that happened when Vision was created. But that was an accident— we’d need to know a lot more before we attempted to replicate something on that scale. But one thing I think we
Three years! Really? Who does that?”
the universe, in their way.” She waved at the herald. “And you’ve done us a great favor, pulling him here. We were having a hell of a time tracking him down.”
won’t do shit. The system’ll do something. We don’t know what. But,” Bucky cuts off, raking a hand through his hair and then across his mouth. It’s an unfamiliar gesture, enough that Steve is once again forcibly reminded that the friend he’d known from Brooklyn is no longer the one he has now. Still his brother, just…
Steve absorbed that for a second. Then he said, “I’d be a pretty black kettle if I had anything to say about that.”
“…And there we go. Boom. Done. I’m awesome. You there, Steve?”
“You’re welcome.” This was easily the strangest dream Steve had ever had.
“EKG started up six hours ago and is now steady,” she cut in flatly. “He should be coming to pretty soon, if what we know about the serum is correct.”
Coulson was going to
“Mr. Stark, could you please come to the conference room now?” Coulson called from down the hall, looking harried. “You’re meant to be two floors up.”
“Did Steve have...a
“Okay, Tony,” Steve said. Tony thought he could hear him settle back, probably into bed. Like everything else, he tucked that image carefully away, out of reach.
“Yes,” Coulson says, smiling slightly, “I can see that.”
, you know she’ll hold you to that timeline exactly, right?”
Steve makes a strangled noise into his pillow, and then drags his head out from under the duvet. Rolls out of bed and makes sure he has pants on, and also maybe a shirt, before staggering out of the apartment and to the door across. He doesn’t even know if his knocking is going to get heard over the jackhammer, and over the…is that singing?
Steve exhaled, and stared down at his mug.
Clint squeezed his eyes shut. “I did say that, didn’t I,” he said.
It’s the drilling that really is the final straw.
From: tstark@starkindustries.com
Then there were the newer drawings, scratched into post-its, on napkins and legal pads, because after using up the first pad of proper paper, Steve hadn’t wanted to impose and ask for more, especially when Feranza and Hill were practically throwing notebook paper at him, long ago switched to tablets. Steve had found he liked working with ruled paper, liked using the straight lines to achieve the geometric details of architecture, and then moving against them to carve out the curves of people and animals.
Clint raises his eyebrows. “JARVIS let me in. Something about an intervention and saving you from yourself.”
Subject: thanks
“Bots are down for the count,” Clint reports over the comm, “Wanna tell me why you didn’t just do that in the first place, Stark?”
“Why don’t you sit?” Helen suggested.
Tony digested this, and then said lightly, “And so you wanted to see a bit more of the modern world?”
Late in the night, Steve found himself out on the porch, as always. The crickets were nearly deafening out here, it was sort of incredible. He hadn’t really been in the woods this way since the war, and its sounds were a constant source of fascination, even now, after months.
Natasha opens her mouth to say something, but all that comes out are chittering, metallic clicks.
Steve exhaled. It was...easy, so easy all of a sudden, in a way it never had been before. “Cutting the ribbon,” he said. “For the Outside Initiative. At least, that’s where I want to be.”
“Okay,” Darcy says, a little more slowly. (Jane had told her, briefly, about what had happened on Asgard, what had happened to her when she’d slipped through universes in the middle of the warehouse. Darcy had stared at her for a long moment, and then wrapped her in a bear hug while whispering fiercely, “Red means
“So internet porn is out,” Natasha murmured.
Everything was tinged orange. Pepper and Rhodes were frozen, as if they were caught behind a screen of color. Only Steve, Tony, and the herald seemed normal, able to breathe and move.
SHIELD was a hive of activity, though of a different feel and noise than what Steve remembered of the wartime SSR bases in London and Paris. Steve could feel the distance that now existed between the war-zone and its operators—everyone who wasn’t traveling at a swift and controlled pace from one place to another was bent towards glass panels filled with what could only be real-time footage alongside streams of data of some kind, speaking quietly into headsets that were jarringly small and discreet.
Steve shrugged. “I’ve got nowhere else to be.” He felt acutely aware of the calling card sitting in his trouser pocket.
“What am I going to find, if I do that?” Steve had asked.
“—and then the frequency changes so the waves go up, down, up, down but then they go updownupdownupdownupdown—morning, Steve!”
“Which hopefully won’t be for a while yet,” Tony commented. “Because I’m really into just enjoying this steak right now, right this minute, and not thinking about what’s just sitting dormant in my cells, ready for some sort of dramatic awakening.”
“Buy me some time,” Natasha said. “We’ll try and head this all off at the pass—no one likes universe hoppers, they destabilize every world they move through, and the Stones have to work twice as hard to keep the balance.”
“Please avail yourself,” Pepper said, shrugging and gesturing to the basement. “He programmed your access years ago.”
He needed to pull himself together.
“This is a military expedition, and military property.”
“How long has he been out of the ice?” he asked, unable to look away from the gurney.
“It’s not proof,” he countered. “Quite the opposite. Fate can’t exist when every scenario is already happening, simultaneously, intermingled with each other, crossing over and breaking apart, but unable to touch for more than a millisecond. Fate is just a cipher for when your consciousness stumbles from one decision to the next, while all of its alternatives continue to spin out but are invisible to you. Choice is the only meaning we have, and it's the only way we can step from one thread onto the next.”
Steve was given a laptop. He was pretty sure it was bugged to hell and at least, as Natasha had put it, “childproofed”.
“Yeah, not really alive.”
“Thanks for lunch,” Steve said.
“I like undercharging. It makes for nicer people, and obviously I get my money elsewhere. Now go.” Tony shoos him back across the hall.
She really needs a nap.
Steve was fairly certain that that was a lie.
“I hate fighting in the Village,” Natasha notes, sounding out of breath, which is never a good sign.
“Steve?
Bucky shook his head. “Not what I’m talking about. I mean, are you sure about staying here?”
“’S’how we won the war,” Steve said earnestly. He squinted against the wind. “Wow, you go fast.”
Steve looked away.
Bucky hadn’t taken very long to decide that he wanted to go back into cryogenesis until Shuri could devise a cure for his triggers. Steve still wondered if he hadn’t hastened him to that decision, that Steve hadn’t been one more thing Bucky had needed to escape from, if only temporarily.
“Scared,” Bucky supplies. His arm creaks with his breath. “He should be. So am I. I don’t want to be put in a hole to rot. I’ve done enough of that.”
“Your connection to the Stones. I’m woven in—see?” She raised a hand, and that’s when he noticed it—her eyes had begun to glow, soft but fervent. Threads of luminescent orange like the glow of late afternoon sun were clinging to the tips of her fingers. He reached towards them; they brushed his hand, felt warm and faintly charged, but didn’t linger.
“Ah, Shelley and Byron. All about the free love, huh?" Tony winks.
me bully you;
At the far right of the wall, there was a quick four-panel comic of Tony talking and chewing Thai food, his hand extended, describing panel by panel the rise of Mark I, and its almost immediate fall. The last panel has his hand flat on the table, his face downturned, his opposite hand slack around his chopsticks. Steve had taken extra care with that section, the sweep of his lashes, the hard purse of his lips forming an inward, mocking half-smile.
Fury made a noise in his throat. Tony mentally gave himself a point. “You know exactly what. But Dr. Feranza has good things to say about Captain Rogers’s progress, so this is me
A child from an extremely technologically advanced alien ship,” Steve clarifies. “Which may or may not have just waltzed through our universe via wormhole and left behind a number of refugees.”
“For how long?”
“Hm? I’m afraid I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
Steve was finishing up his run; he rounded the far eastern edge of the lake, where the woods were sparse and you could see the road curving round before it reached the dirt driveway leading to house. It was still early, maybe 9:30 at the latest—the household wasn’t heavily populated by morning people, and Steve had felt his own internal clock slide in response with all the quiet.
“Fine. Will that be all, Mr. Stark?”
“I’ve had it,” Steve said, sounding a little breathless, but that was probably the velocity. “The past few weeks. Didn’t much care for it, though I could tell they meant well. And it’s not dictionaries, it’s history books.”
“He was the one who first suggested I should talk to you,” Steve admits.
“Good luck with that,” Clint says, shucking off his arm guard and heading off in the direction of the kitchen. “I’ll be way, way over there, with the coffeepot. Natasha’s coming with.”
Steve stared back up through the skylight for a moment. It was a gorgeous day, looked like. “I’m gonna give him the shield.”
She smiled with one corner of her mouth, her eyes sad. Then she frowned. “I didn’t see it. And now you’re not attached. Or,” she stepped back and took his hand between hers, “Huh. I guess you are, but it’s not very strong.”
dream about Dad?” Morgan asked, sounding worried.
Steve said nothing. Tony was warm through the expensive twill of his trousers.
“Of course it is,” Steve answers, voice sounding oddly tight.
That means, however, that he misses Tony walking forward silently until he comes into view directly under Steve’s face. Steve startles, nearly beans himself on Tony’s head when he yanks his own up to step back, and is caught only by the hand Tony curls around his chin, firm and warm.
“It’s inflexible! It’s intrusive!”
“Why don’t you just...concentrate on waking yourself up in the Time Stone, like she told you?”
Jim sighed. “Grief isn’t a contest.”
“Well, technically I’m hoooomeless,” Bucky shrugged. “Unless I go back to Wakanda. Which would be nice, but they don’t really need some random white guy there wearing out his welcome; and anyway, I’m starting to like DC.”
“Try not to break anything,” Tony murmured. “And give me a call, anytime, anywhere. You want to come here, there’s always room.”
“Good,” she said. “I’m glad you have him. Normally I’d advise to find someone a little more normal to stabilize yourself with, but I guess you’re not particularly normal yourself, huh?”
He huffed, then pursed his lips.
“I couldn’t see what sort of work it was, but yeah. That’s what she said.”
He was glad some of his friends might be able to take the advice he’s been doling out for the past five years. For someone who’s done as much time travel as he has, he’s never felt so stuck.
“You did, sir.”
Steve ran his hand along the underside of the worktop with unsettling accuracy, and disengaged the arc reactor from where it was downloading the data from the screens. “Okay. Here we go.”
They set up the Cradle in the garage, moving aside time-machine parts, and all of the various half-finished projects Tony had left behind before Thanos. So much had been put on hold, Steve thought, not for the first time. Tony had given up so much, just to see the world through its darkest time.
Her expression morphed into one he recognized instantly—it was her
“Feelings are often very unfortunate,” she agreed. “That’s why I stick to science and physical lust.”
“See, this is why you should always take the power of propaganda seriously. I’m looking at you and I want to buy war bonds. Several of them. Hell, maybe a hundred. Posters didn’t do you justice, by the way, but you probably already knew that. Neither did the comics, though if you repeat that to anyone we will have strong words. Hey, do we even have a name for you?” Tony wanders to the end of the table where the physician had left his clip board. “Steve Rogers. Very American, I like it. Dad never actually told me your whole name; you were always just ‘the Captain’. He squirrelled it away like everything else he did during the war.”
“I don’t have to, though,” Sam says, putting his hands up. “I’ve said my two cents, and frankly, listening to you two for half an hour is exhausting. I’m gonna go call my mom on the secure line and let her know we’re all right.”
“Captain Rogers,” Fury says, after a brief conversation with the suited man. “Come here for a minute, would you?”
Tony can’t ever remember hearing JARVIS sounding like this. “Sure,” he says, trying to keep his voice level. “Throw it up on the nearest projector.”
“But now you don’t have to—“
He took a slow sip. “Oh my god,” he said, eyes flying open. “That tastes
Tony leered. “Hell of an introduction, I’d say. Like what you saw?”
“…And the Englishman said, ‘What, you think I asked for a goddamn pen?’”
“Just about.”
“It will have to be monitored,” Feranza said, sounding at least nominally apologetic, “But I’ll see what I can do.”
Steve mouthed incredulously.
Steve nodded again. “Thanks.”
So Steve filled his room with books and art supplies, and tried to make it seem like a home, at least a little. It was hard, given that he wasn’t sure whether he was supposed to have the tablet or phone Tony had given him (the answer was probably
“I won’t set anything on fire, promise.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve said.
“No,” Clint says, and then they’re all turning their focus to him. He’s holding his hands out like they’re poisonous, palms upward.
Do you still dream about the desert? I dream about ice a lot. Too much.
“Yeah. Sorry.”
Two days after dancing with Pepper in the upstairs office, Steve was reading up on No Child Left Behind in between bouts of rage-dozing late into the afternoon when he finally succumbed to total sleep amid the sound of Tony and Helen working, murmuring back and forth. When he awoke, the sun was nearly done setting, Rhodes was on the lawn grilling what looked like a small mountain of steaks, and the coffee table Steve had been using as a book repository looked like an engine block had been shattered atop it.
Tony was across the table and then through it, sitting on its edge by Steve’s chair, close enough to touch. “What a pickle, eh?” he said, casting a hand around. “Trapped and no one to talk to, so I make people up. I mean, I guess there’s Vision, but it’s not really him, it’s not the same.”
So he stayed. He was getting better at staying, and the more he did, the better it felt.
“You are a
“Yeah.” He looked away. “Yeah, I know you would’ve. Thanks.” A pause. “And Cap’s gonna be okay?”
“Natasha happened,” Steve said, righting himself. He tingled all over, with adrenaline, with happiness, everything. “We’re okay.” He sat heavily on the lawn. Shucked the gauntlet off and stared at its broken profile for a long moment. Tony followed him down at a steadier pace.
Fury looked at him squarely. “You lived in interesting times during the 40s. I would argue that you’re also living in interesting times now. Push comes to shove, I would want you on my side.”
She didn’t look anything like before anymore. Her hair was longer, in a shade Steve had never seen before: deep amber, variegated like a tiger’s eye. She wore a white high-collared shirt and white leather trousers stuffed into white boots. Her cuffs were stained to the elbow with luminous orange-gold.
Steve thought, and then flinched away, appalled at himself. It would be true—and it was comforting that it was, like the status quo had been restored, Bucky being fine when Steve wasn’t—but
“It’s classic,” Steve replies, adjusting his cuffs. “And it ensures I’m not confused with the grad students. Or the undergrads.”
“The amount of energy this takes is going to be monumental,” Helen warned. “Be prepared for a blackout.”
“Right, yeah, uh, sorry. I lose track of time sometimes?”
FTP AND I WILL SHOW YOU ALL THE POP CULTURE YOU NEED
What was a hand became a set of two flat, metallic paddles. “What do I charge it to?”
Fury blinked slowly. “No one warned me you’d be a pain in the ass, Rogers,” he drawled. He didn’t look hugely annoyed, however.
Bucky looked at Steve with a gleam of amusement in his gaze. “So,” he drawled, “I see you’re keeping interesting company as usual, Rogers. Not replacing me already, are you?”
Pepper hummed. On the lawn, Clint was teaching Morgan how to play Miss Mary Mack.
“Good afternoon, Captain Rogers.”
“The Key!” it shouted, flickering in and out of visibility, unable to escape. “Give me the Key!”
“Fair enough,” Tony said at last. He looked past Steve towards the lake. “I guess I’ll have to get back to the real world now, huh? Body intact and all, the paperwork’s going to be hell. Pepper’s already having all kinds of regrets.”
She cocked her head. “How long has it been?”
he hissed, twisting around to crane his neck up and glare at Steve, “Need to get your head out of your ass and accept that you are the eyes on the ground, and not the ones in the air. You trusted me when I was your sniper, didn’t you? Exactly,” he says himself, not giving Steve a chance to answer, “That’s what Stark’s doing, that’s his view. You gotta trust what he sees in the air. And both of you,” he prods them both in their respective chests, “Need to stop worrying so goddamn much about each other. I realise that’s difficult with the whole mutual infatuation society you’ve got goin’ on here, but enough’s e-goddamn-nough. You’re gonna get both of your asses dead trying to save each other at some point, and then where the fuck am I gonna be? Christ.”
“It’s not exact,” Bruce equivocated.
Inspired by much discussion about how great Maria Hill is and how much she and Rhodey would get along.
“Isn’t this meant to be a children’s holiday?” Steve asks cautiously.
“A few weeks, at least. We have to rebuild the pad, and a lot of our equipment’s rubble.”
“Sorry,” Tony replied, “Those things would do more harm than good. Can you imagine six million people all trying to learn how to drive in three dimensions? We’d all get ourselves killed in a hot second.”
Steve huffed in embarrassment, and agreed.
“I mean,” Tony said, with a staying hand.
“Fuck this,” Tony growls, “JARVIS, you figured out a scramble for their signal yet?"
“Fine,” Steve said. “Just fine.”
“Morning, Steve,” she said, giving him a neutral smile.
“Cover up?” Tony posits.
“Lead the way, Stark,” Natasha says. “I hope you have good shampoo.”
“Uh huh.” she drags a chair around from the far side of the room and throws herself into it. “Tell me.”
“Natasha, now is really not the time,” a man in the doorway said, his mouth pursed slightly. “I’m sure he doesn’t actually look that much like—” then his eyes fell on Steve and he stopped abruptly.
He turned, and sprinted. Down the narrow stair, then off, off to the east, curving around the ever-steepening column of the mountain, until he heard the awful, despairing shout of Clint far up above, and the sickening impact of flesh and bone directly below.
The chug subsided, evening out. The arcs of light dulled and resolved into a constant, halogen glow.
“I said I’m fine.”
“Thanks for staying, Steve,” Pepper said, patting his shoulder. “Good night.”
Like me. I’m just a guy in a suit, remember?”
“The god of thunder,” Tony confirms, “Yeah.”
Tony waved him away. “I can afford an extra floor, I can afford you. Destroy the place, and then maybe we’ll talk about payment.”
SHIELD to work for him.
“What the fuck,” Tony said, but they were swept away, leaving the words behind in the typhoon of sound, sight, signal.
“You!”
Natasha nods in agreement.
She sighed. “Give me a few days, I have to arrange transport for my equipment, unless you intend to come to me.”
“Oh, you know,” Tony said airily.
“He is,” Sam insisted.
“I can’t tell whether they’re sworn enemies or on the verge of dating,” Tony commented, hovering while Steve made his way over to the couch.
Steve started to nod, and then caught himself. “You should take some equipment with you, then,” he said.
Steve has the gall to look a little affronted. “I was waiting for you to make a move.”
Steve choked on a sudden, unbidden sob. “Tony?”
He took a sip of water. He did look tired, Steve realised.
Numbers collected first, binary then algorithms then a Mandelbrot set of iterations, memories building memories building memories down the rabbit hole. It felt like falling, and like time travel, and like the frozen darkness of space.
“Armouring?” Tony echoes.
“Had an eye for detail,” Happy grunted, digging into his eggs.
He tried to sit up; she stopped him. “All of you needs to rest, including how you are in here,” she insisted. “Tony did a number on you. Comes with the territory of holding a soul that isn’t your own, but Tony’s especially is…”
“Okay, okay.”
“No promises,” Sam said darkly, but came forward to give him a hug anyway.
“Another MRI?” Steve said, after the third that week.
“So obviously you’re going to have to fix this,” she continued while refusing to look at him, “So that I can marry you again.”
“Except how it is.”
you?”
Captain America was…kinda beautiful.
From: sgrogers@gmail.com
There was an insistent throbbing in the back of his head now, like someone was poking at the tender parts of it. He ducked into an alleyway and pitched over, trying to block out the pain, isolate it, identify it.
“Put me back on ice and call me when you need me,” Steve muttered.
Steve sighs. “You’re the postmodernist here, Tony, not me.”
“Wait, I’m sorry—!”
“Obviously. Keep up with me here, Cap, I don’t intend to monologue about things I already know. I gotta figure out this whole solidification thing.”
“I think so,” Steve said. “At least for now.”
Before Steve could find something to say to that, the Ancient One descended the stairs. “The stone is gone,” she announced, sounding troubled. “I hadn’t realized...but I suppose he was right. It did work, in the end.” She shook herself, as if readjusting reality around herself. She held out her hand. “The Time Stone?”
“I did a good?”
“How do you suggest I catch up?” he asked.
My god, Steve thought, bracing himself against howling light and blinding wind, did Thanos even know it could be like this?
“I’ll help,” Bucky volunteered.
,” said Happy.
Subject: (draft)
“You seem to be doing better,” Dr. Feranza said, looking cautiously pleased. “What’s changed, lately?”
“You’re the best, Pep.”
“We haven’t been debriefed,” he says suddenly.
“Shut the fuck up,” he says, trying to ignore how he’s basically chest-to-chest with Tony, and chest-to-back with Steve. “Shut up, both of you, you’ve had this exact same argument at least three times since I’ve been with the team, which means that this has been going on for months. You,” he shoves a finger in Tony’s bemused face, “Need to be clearer. We’ll take you at your word, you don’t need to explain your entire rationale, but you need to at least give us one good reason to change a plan, none of this dramatic unpredictable labyrinthine martyrdom crap.
“Good. I want notice if I have to save the world again, too.”
She did not expect to need to resurrect this skill to talk about Captain America.
Tony’s exit from the Power Stone came like a thunderclap. It disrupted the force field surrounding the Stone’s chamber to the extent that Steve was able to slip it back inside unscathed.
“You don’t know what you’re asking.” Helen Cho’s image stood in the living room, managing to radiate exasperation and worry even from several states away. “This is basically Ultron again.”
Bucky gave him a flat look. “Don’t think I don’t see what you’re doing.”
“Just an in-case thing.”
“You’re American,” Steve Rogers whispered, a look of consternation on his worryingly pale face. “I—where are we?”
Steve cocks his head. “Is this…about guilt?”
“I’m surprised he’s in there, what with it mostly half-finished.”
“Or?” Steve growled.
“I think with the cosmic swords back in our possession, the chances are far slimmer,” Natasha replied. “That’s not to say Earth won’t need her defenders, but.”
“Understandable, I suppose.” She raised her chin, regarding him coolly. “Where do people go?”
And then with a crackle of electricity, the suit just...liquefied.
“Well, damn.”
“I’m multilayered. Show him in, JARVIS, might as well face the music.”
Captain America, of course, didn’t get colds.
He picked up his chopsticks again, and stabbed a shrimp. “I dream about walking,” he continued, through chewing. “Walking forever in the desert, burning up and never being found. It sucks mostly because I never die. No dramatic death to wake me up, snap me out of it. I just walk, and when I finally do wake up, it feels like I never slept at all.”
“Oh, good job,” Tony snapped, “I was just about to stop caring, and now I am absolutely getting in that room that you are standing so protectively in front of, don’t think I don’t see you doing that. I own this boat, and you’re going to open that door, which I also own, before I drown you in litigators that, whether I win the suit or not, I guarantee will cost you millions in cleanup. Millions that will mean nothing to me.”
Natasha nodded.
Starks were going to be the death of him. “You’ve convinced me,” he managed, raising his hands in defeat. “I’d be happy to stay. But, uh. Call me Steve?”
Wordlessly, Tony fished his phone out of his pocket.
“For now,” Helen said. “But until we understand what exactly Tony exists as right now, there aren’t any guarantees.”
Tony hadn’t needed to go off on his own at SHIELD when he’d gone back there for debrief—he could have easily gone straight in and out and never seen Steve at all. But that morning he’d gotten Steve’s insomnia-drunk email, followed soon after by an emergency alarm, and yeah, he was absolutely going to wander around SHIELD until he got a chance to look in on their wayward super soldier.
“I was in the mountains of Afghanistan, that’s all I knew. No idea where I was going, except that I needed to be away from the hills where I’d come from. It sucked. I was banged up from the crash, burned all over the place, and all I could do was walk. I’d used up my usefulness. I built a fucking robot suit in a cave, and then I walked.”
“Yeah,” Tony smiles, “That happens. Come on children, let’s eat this diner out of business.”
Again, had Ethan called him earlier, he might have gotten a chance to look at the actual dossiers they were working off of, and things would have been far less troublesome.
Natasha had said.
“Come on, Steve,” Tony said, with a smirk, “I know you’re not dumb.”
“I know.” Golden orange thread was pooling around her feet.
A couple more steps, and then Bruce flopped down next to him. “Comfy tree you got here,” he commented.
“I’d have given her one,” Tony said. “Hell, I’d’ve given her whatever she wanted.”
“Sure. But you’ve gotta ask, and he’s gotta say yes.”
It visibly impacted, and for a split second, the shimmer resolved into something solid—man-shaped, bare-chested, and dressed in red and black trousers, with two longswords strapped to its back. It startled and made a profane sound, and whipped around in Steve’s direction. Then it was a shimmer again.
residual energy.
There was a shimmer at the entrance of the lake house.
Steve definitely flushes for real this time. He really dislikes his complexion sometimes. “That’s, uh. Thanks. I didn’t know you were there for that.”
Tony led the way through still-unfinished lobby—fresh paint and plastic-covered surfaces abounded, he really needed to check with Pepper how things were progressing—and then into the elevator. A somewhat uncomfortable silence descended when the doors slid shut. He tried not to fidget.
Steve winced.
“Naps are for the weak! Ooh, reservations are at Derringer, aren’t they? Steve, have you been to the Derringer? Their swordfish is to die for, you should come.”
But they weren’t exactly pleasant, either.
“Steve?”
“Or something. Can’t claim to have a direct line to Cap’s brain. But.”
“Missing something?”
“I want to, but it looks uncomfortable.”
“Four years.”
“Given the data I’ve acquired from SHIELD and my own pattern recognition software, I would hazard that the child is asking if it is safe now.”
The guy in the doorway is wiry, sweaty, and generally a wreck. He also looks like he maybe stepped out of some sort of gay porn for welders. Steve didn’t even know he had a thing for that.
“Hi,” Steve said. He took a couple of steps forward. Stumbled. Bucky ran forward and caught him before he face-planted off the side of the platform.
“Oh, I know,” Steve said, burrowing back down and grabbing Tony’s hand, which had slipped off his waist during the surprise visit. “‘Swhy I said 45 minutes and not ten.”
Tony’s shoulders released slightly. It manifested in his hands going loose, the slow dip of metal plates tipping down and realigning at his sides.
“Sure,” Helen said, drawing out the ‘r’ in a highly suspicious manner, though her expression was one of amusement. “Let me just save my work. You go on ahead.”
“No seam, I can’t—“ He curls his fingers against the edge of the gauntlet, digging his nails into the line between red metal and tan skin. He hisses, and his nails come away bloody.
Tony snickered, and then coughed. Plaster dust flew up around them both. Bucky allowed himself, after a long second of debate, to relax slightly into the pull of gravity, leaving them pressed together all along one side.
Fury had pursed his lips. “Nothing overly invasive.”
Natasha hums, and pulls herself up with Steve’s proffered hand. “Hey, before we call it a day,” she said. “I wanted to let you know that I’ll be on mission for the next couple of weeks.”
He nodded. Closed his eyes.
“The wooden roller coaster.”
“You’re one of the ruder people I tolerate. You absolutely saw something.” She cocked her head. “But maybe you don’t believe it?”
“Definitely dinner first,” Steve says firmly, stepping forward. “Dinner, and maybe a movie, and no pressure at all, if you’re–”
To: sgrogers@gmail.com
“See you ‘round, Captain,” he said, blasting upwards in a gust of heated air, “Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”
“I don’t...what does that even mean?”
Fury grumbles, and slaps a fifty into it.
He looked up. A gangly kid, khaki shorts and a striped t-shirt. Freckles on his face.
“Come on,” Rhodes said, after a moment. “I’ll show you where the towels are.”
She nodded. “When do they find you?”
Even heavily redacted, Tony’s story was…difficult to get through.
“Yup,” Natasha said. “Just enough space to say how great your day has been and/or list your top five sandwiches.”
He shifted, and compacted sand creaked beneath him. A shaky exhale puffed more of it out from beneath his cheek. He knew this smell, this side of the sea and the washed up boardwalk and the faintest, far-off echoes of carnival bells.
He nodded, waiting.
There’s a flare of red off to her left; Jane glances in that direction.
“Seen weirder,” Dean shrugs.
“They’re not our problem,” she said, waving a hand. “For the most part. The concern is the less savory characters who we suspect have found out that this universe took out Thanos. In many other places, he’s succeeded permanently. The question then becomes, what makes us different?”
It hadn’t been a great day. But Howard’s will had decreed that the expeditions carry on for fifty years after his death, and the document itself was about as water-tight as an army of SI lawyers could make it, so there was little Tony or Obadiah could do.
Jane sometimes thinks she sees red, just out of the corner of her eye.
Subject: Re: sorry
“Sorry,” Steve said, and winced at how his voice cracked. He could feel his ears turning red. “Yeah, I...but I should come back later. Sorry.”
“Are they? Huh,” Steve said. He sounded odd and clumsy, like he’d been shot up with novocaine. “Weird side effect. I hate magic. Look, could you please help me get into the house? Because Tony’s alive, sort of, and I need the Bleeding Edge suit,
“Sandwiches,” Sam said, emerging from the kitchen. “Eat them before Barnes does.”
“Hey,” he rasped.
Steve dreamed again. Much more distinctly, now.
Steve felt his shoulders stiffen. “Any particular reason?” he said slowly.
“Must be about a month, I guess,” she replied, almost apologetically, “give or take.” She lifted one shoulder. “Feels like longer.”
And clicked the link.
“Shut up.”
“Yup,” Tony replied. “It’s how I roll.”
“Yup,” Pepper said.
“An x-ray of your hand, sir,” JARVIS murmurs.
“I’d bet on it.”
Thankfully, backup came soon enough.
“Steve? Steve, fuck! Where'dyou, what the fuck were you thinking, you were alone, why didn’t you get me over here, fuck, shit, motherfucker–”
Bucky and Sam cleared. Bruce darted forward. “Pulse is thready,” he commented, two fingers pressed under Steve’s jaw.
He more or less booked it out the front door, and then Pepper could hear his footfalls fading down the road. She shut off the water and wiped her hand on a dishtowel.
For once, Tony is not inclined to disagree.
It was so kind and so tactless that for a moment Pepper couldn’t breathe; she stood on nerveless legs and shuffled a few paces over to bend and press a tight, too-firm kiss to her brow. “I know exactly what you mean, baby,” she whispered. “Can I...I can I take your plate?”
The woman nodded sharply, and cast a suspicious look in Steve’s direction again before about-facing and striding back to her station.
He sticks the card into the breast pocket of Steve’s tweed jacket, and saunters back towards the door. “Ten minutes now, Professor,” he says over his shoulder. “I guess you’d better head out.”
“Yeah, I know. Just, hang on.” Steve pried himself off the couch, where he’d been spending most days since getting back and waking up the first time, and made his way over to the kitchen closet. The art portfolio was still in there, leaned up on the floor below the shelves of pots and pans. “You should take this with you.”
“I mean, it’s not sentient, but it’s not unaware, you know?” Jane says, thinking aloud, “It seeks out host bodies, and when it was in me, I could see…"
He didn’t know how long he stayed that way, wide awake and wanting, feeling guilty for wanting, wanting anyway. He’d never even touched Tony, not like...
Her mouth lifted slightly at one corner in a shark’s smile. “Like I said, I’m keeping busy. Maybe I’ll see you again some time. Tell Steve I say hello, and that I miss him, too.”
Also, whoever sold Doctor Doom the blue prints to high radiation plasma guns needs to be shot in the face, superhero principles be damned.
Slowly, Steve crosses the room. He’s in his civvies, having purposefully left his shield at home, and he feels underdressed in his jeans next to Tony’s bespoke suit. “You can explain to me,” he says slowly, sitting down in one of the ergonomic client chairs, “How a guy who told Congress to fuck right off over his intellectual property can suddenly turn around and act holier-than-thou about vigilantism.”
A hallway at headquarters, filled with milling, faceless people.
“I had wondered about that thing in his chest,” Steve said, later. “He was quiet about it, so I didn’t ask, but I knew no one else had one, it couldn’t exactly be normal, and—“
A week passed. Then several.
To: sgrogers@gmail.com
, a normal human man, unlike your bionic ass.”
Steve steps towards him, cursing the stiffness in his stride. “Tony,” he repeats.
“You called?” Pepper said. She leaned against the doorjamb.
“Like a malignant tumor,” Tony said. “I don’t understand him.”
He grinned. He knew it didn’t show on his face, but he hoped Helen understood anyway. Maybe he wouldn’t get to use it quite yet, but the possibility of a real way out was the best news he’d heard in weeks. “Hold back on you? Never.”
Tony said quietly, “This is good work, Steve.”
Steve nodded, surprised only that she was choosing to let him know. “Anything serious?”
Tony finally closes his eyes. “Thank you.”
“Don’t think he saw it that way,” Pepper commented. “He was…” She searched around for how best to say it. “He was pretty lost, these past few weeks. It was illuminating, talking to him.”
Steve tipped his head back to stare at the sun-dappled ceiling, taking a long, shaky breath. “Yeah?”
“Uh...200 to 1000 volts?”
Tony said, like a tickle near Steve’s frontal lobe.
Steve. I don’t think anyone would want you to. You just have to
“SHIELD has kept your identity fairly locked down—Stark, for example, was never privy to that information—but it is out there, in some circles. Meanwhile,” Fury continued, “Everyone has access to your old newsreels, if they cared to look. Keeping you here is a way of staving off the inevitable, Captain. Someone will put the pieces together, and someone will try and track you down. We’re just trying to keep that off the table until you decide what you want to do, or until we can make you an offer.”
And then.
With some effort, she returned it, and it felt as familiar and as painful as the past three weeks. If she'd held any doubts about whether it was Tony or not in there, they were gone now with that old feeling, like she'd just kissed his helmet and thrown it out of the plane ahead of him all over again. “Go on, then.”
“Doesn’t have to be in uniform,” Pepper assured. “In fact, it would probably work best without it.” Steve could tell by her suppressed smile, however, that she was thinking about those damned PSAs. He
“Yeah, well, you’re dear old Dad was also a bit of a sentimental bastard when it came to Captain America.”
“Fuck,” Tony said fervently. “That’s convenient. And unsettling.”
“Oh,” Steve says, feeling lighter than air, “I guess you do.”
“Yeah, yeah.” He waved as Bucky got into the car. Shoved his hands in his pockets and watched as they pulled away. The house was very quiet, all of a sudden.
“Ready.”
“Ah. And then I skipped ahead.”
“Nothing, for now. But don’t try anything like that again.”
And then, more quietly,
“Yo, I need a plate out here!” Rhodes called from outside.
“I’d be glad to know you could be there, if I needed you.”
“If what Natasha said was true, we’ve got time,” Steve said.
…), keeping the Stones secure. No one had come for them, even while Bruce fretted over the time machine and counted the days until it would be ready. He wasn’t wrong—the Stones needed to get gone, but now that he was here…his mind kept going places it shouldn’t. Spinning with possibilities, temptations.
It wasn’t just Rhodes and Happy that were staying, it turned out. Bruce stuck around, too.
“You do,” Natasha cuts in.
Best wishes,
you?”
“You spoil me. Thanks,” Jane says.
“It’s nice to know that you’ll catch me,” Steve said with finality. “That’s a thing I like to know about my friends.”
He nodded again. Held up one finger.
Steve sucked in a breath. “We’ve had this conversation before.” They’d talked about it a lot, in the early days of being fugitives in Wakanda, just after Siberia but before Bucky had gone back on ice. How Steve had clung too tightly and with too much abandon to something that didn’t wholly exist anymore. That every time he’d asked Bucky to remember something that he couldn’t, it had hurt them both.
Thank god Tony was meticulous when it came to his house, even if his engineering practices were chaotic. Steve slipped through a well-oiled side door to the garage and immediately spotted both a tire iron and a spare hubcap that looked very expensive, and therefore hopefully would be very sturdy. He grabbed both and then paused.
“No signs of the usual tags we’ve come to associate with the use of the Stones—Bruce has them, and so does Tony. However, you do have some sort of trace readings of
Tony shook his head. “Never change, Steve.”
“Oh, come on,” Steve says automatically, “I’m not even in the shot?”
“Indeed. He’s already done it once.”
Tony rubbed his eyes, and then said roughly, “End the call, JARVIS.”
He tried to breathe evenly through his nose.
“Yes, you complete lunatic.”
Steve made a strange sound, half laugh and half cough. “If I’m the third wheel there, it’s not because they’ve started dating.”
Steve counted out his breaths. Was too aware of his own heartbeat, the clamminess of Pepper’s hand and his own.
“Speak for yourself.”
“If he’s so bad, who the hell is his king?”
The medical tests were as promised: not invasive.
Tony’s workshop was…incredible. The tablet equally so.
“How could I?”
No, it’s been okay. Boring, though. Agent Romanov is teaching me pop culture, but that’s pretty much the only highlight of my day. I think they’re still trying to figure out whether I’m going to be a liability, going forward.
“Can hardly stop you, can I?” The chest plate loosens with a hiss, but before Tony can fling it out the elevator doors as they open, Steve has his hands on it, easing it off and then tucking it under his arm.
“It’s a good thing you got here so early—we can chat, then I’ll go out and argue with Dr. Banner outside on the roof, and you can hand over the Time Stone just as it leaves for 2025.”
“Yeah, I’ll be fine.” He put his arms around her. She hugged him back fiercely, her cheek sharp against his chest. There were threads of gray in her hair. It suited her.
over and over in his head.
“Don’t you eat all my ingredients before I get them in the sandwiches, man, I will cut you.”
The hubcap bounced off the floor of the porch, ricocheted off the wall, and then landed in Steve’s hand again.
They got into the elevator, and descended several floors.
She smiled. “Ta-da.” She did some spirit fingers for good measure.
Street, steering one-handed, the other arm occupied with crushing Steve to him as closely as he could manage. Steve, for his part, seemed to have a pretty good grip on his shoulders, but Tony wasn’t about to trust him, supersoldier or no. “You need therapy,” he announced. “And this is coming from a guy who’s needed it since his teenage years. Also, goddamn you are heavy, what are you carrying with you, dictionaries?”
He added a few more movies to the FTP site. He was pretty sure Steve would enjoy
Steven, I literally could not have given it to you any faster—”
Steve tried. Particularly after he had another chat with Fury.
Steve nodded, mute. Unable to look up.
. Wishful thinking, self, that’s not helpful.” Tony shook his head. “I’m trying to figure out self-actualization, not self-justification. Or...whatever this is, yikes.”
Steve stopped in the entrance to the apartment,
“Steven?”
“Push came to shove, we were working towards the same thing,” Natasha shrugged. “We’re reasonable people. Grudges are impractical.”
“Sam’s a good choice, but he’s gonna get shot out of the sky once people stop falling for his ‘death from above’ strategy.”
“I know,” he said. “I know it. I’m so glad to have seen you.”
“Today could have gone better,” Steve agrees tentatively.
“You’ve killed five punching bags in the past three days,” Fury said drily. “And you make my staff nervous when you wander around and refuse to answer when they ask where you’re going.”
Peggy, present and past. Bucky. Gabe, Dum Dum, Jim and the rest of the Commandoes.
There’s nothing there.
She was also pretty sure this
Steve peels off from where he’s standing with Clint and Natasha, shoulders squared as he goes to stand next to Fury, only to be replaced by Tony. “It’s that trafficking case,” Tony says to them immediately, gaze fixed on Fury and Cap. “I just got a call from a guy from Scotland Yard.”
It was around this time that Steve started to feel the beginnings of a horrible sort of trepidation.
It took seven tests before Helen said okay to the port system into the Cradle. “There are still a number of unknowns,” she warned. “Particularly about what sort of body you’ll end up in at the end of the process. It would take a staff of at least twenty technicians and a few years to actually study the binding system of femto-particles.”
He would claim Stockholm Syndrome, but no one would take him seriously at this point.
“I wouldn’t want to impose,” Steve starts.
“Ten years, give or take.”
“Yup,” she said. “So how was it, seeing him again?”
wouldn’t be fine without
“Heard of him,” she replies. “We may have stumbled into an international incident.”
For feelwhaaale's prompt: "Steve/Tony and Tony/Other based on Garfunkel and Oates’ song “Me, You, and Steve”?"
“How did this happen?” Maria Hill asked Fury, after a long second of awkward silence.
“Ask who?”
“I have a date,” Thor says, a bit apologetically. “It was delayed by our recent skirmish, and so I must make it up to Jane.”
Steve clearly would have preferred to do something with his hands, but was too worn out to argue. Pepper gave in to instinct as she finished pouring a mug of coffee, and squeezed his shoulder when she put it down in front of him. “You look exhausted. Maybe go back to bed after breakfast?”
“O…kay,” Steve said, fiddling with the SHIELD phone he’d been issued. “And I only get a hundred and forty letters to say anything?”
“That, that is a
“Romanoff,” Bucky murmurs, and Steve winces. The last time she talked to him, she’d made her position very clear.
“Probably," Steve said, rubbing the back of his neck. "I got a brief call from Natasha the other day saying she was being transferred to a new op, maybe serious, something to do with an agent that’s been compromised. They may actually need me around, instead of just keeping me on site and on call. Iron Man too, if it’s really bad.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. “I figured.”
“I’m staying. You’re not going to stop me.”
“Yeah, supersoldier, you’re
It seems a lot closer when Jane dreams, though. Malekith’s vision of the destruction of the universe crowds in then, a cloying red and black darkness. She worries at those memories, picking at them like hangnails, because why? What properties could the aether have, if it isn’t just a substance, but can hold
“Goodbye, Tony. Go home.”
Of course he did. With a brain like his, of course Tony would end up in the Mind Stone.
“What, other than die a swift and hopefully painless death?” Tony answers lightly, “I don’t know, enjoy the sights. Be glad you’re not all there with me. Watch things go boom, because seriously, I have never been quite so satisfied as when I saw that damn mothership explode.”
Steve stared at her. “Were you and Natasha ever friends?”
“God, sorry,” Tony winces. “I’m right but that was bad form. Sorry.”
He didn’t dream. He was aware, sometimes, of sparks of light in many colors, spiraling up and around him; lit fuses following strange, interlocking paths that he could only chase for so long before they outran him, zoomed out of sight. He thought, at one point, that he saw a hand reach out, limned in orange-gold, to brush back his hair from his forehead. It was gone before he could reach back.
“Least of my worries, Cap,” Tony says sharply, shucking one of his gauntlets and running his bare hand along Steve’s shoulder, finding a deep laceration along his collarbone that’s still bleeding sluggishly. “Gimme your glove, come on, I need to staunch this.”
“Sugarplum, you’re late to the party!” Tony sounds raspy and out of breath behind the faceplate, and yet he still manages to be an embarrassment.
Steve didn’t hear about it until after the action was over (which in itself was becoming a pattern Steve was getting used to, but didn’t like). By the time he’d learned what had happened, SHIELD was in cleanup mode, and that meant bringing Tony in for debriefing.
was superseding everything else in his mind, the anxiety and temptation and displacement and grief all falling away.
“With what?” Bruce demanded. “I don’t have a defibrillator with my kit.”
They finished their meals without talking about much else substantial.
Bucky swallows. “I, uh.”
A lurch, like getting his rib cage pushed through a straw.
The knowledge was still comforting, in its way.
“We should do the sharp shooter,” Steve suggests, “You can win us something giant and unwieldy that we can’t fit through the revolving doors of the tower, Buck.”
“Part of my charm,” he mumbles.
The world seemed, in the space of a breath, to slow.
The elevator doors slid open, and Coulson stepped out.
“Ah. How rude of him,” Pepper said, nodding.
“Yes, though don’t immediately help him up. He’s intubated, to stabilize airflow before he’s fully awake.”
The quickly jotted idea of tony and bucky before it exploded out of control and became Armed and Dangerous
As it turned out, most of Tony’s idea of culture came from the 80s and 90s. Steve didn’t mind, though. Between him and Natasha, he was beginning to feel fairly caught up.
That shut him up.
JARVIS will choose the right moment, he’s certain. JARVIS has always had a far better sense of timing than him, after all.
She sighed. “Fine. Zoning?”
“Starting his heart, now,” Helen murmured.
“Fury. Fancy seeing you here.”
After four days with the computer, he sent a test email.
“Tony, goddamnit,” Pepper exclaimed.
“You’re all right from here?”
“With me staying like this for the foreseeable. We knew we had to, if it was going to be for longer than a few days.”
I’m starting to really hate the name Ryerson. Hope I don’t meet anyone with the name later on—might be rude on accident.
“We need a theme, a central set of tenets, and a way of reaching kids who might otherwise go overlooked. When Tony and I first started laying the groundwork, it was all about targeting non-magnet schools—places where resources were scarce. It was going to be all science and engineering programs, small-scale, but with a lot of freedom to adapt them to the needs of many skill levels and demographics. But it could be anything. I’d be interested to get your take on what you think the world might need in its next generation, having gone through everything that it has in the past few years.”
“Good god, man, why’d you even let him up there when he was small?” Tony crows, “There was no way that could have ended in anything
“What do you think she meant?”
tired.
“It’s good to see you,” Steve said, and was glad his voice didn’t waver over it. It had stung, he could admit now, that Tony had been able to see her one more time, and he hadn’t. She looked as gorgeous as always, and a lot lighter, too—the Soul Stone, it seemed, was doing well by her. He didn’t know how to feel about that.
“Don’t do that, sir,” he’d said, that first time. Not
“I can only go between about five floors in the building, and even then a lot of the halls are accessible by a keycard that I don’t have. I’m pretty sure Natasha had to strong arm them into giving me a computer. And the books they—they’re
“Whatever.” He turned back to his genomes. “Do you think we can really grow this?”
“Let me just,” Helen leaned forward and with practiced swiftness, removed the intubation. Tony’s eyes flew open, and as she pulled out the last of the tubing, he coughed violently and tried to sit up.
With Helen and Steve the only real guest occupants of the house (Rhodes didn’t count), life seemed to slow. Pepper confirmed that should the worst happen, Carol would be on call to take Morgan, and Tony, FRIDAY, and Rhodes put together a series of security protocols around the property that would hopefully give them some warning if any interdimensional travelers decided to pay them an unwanted visit.
He deflated a bit. “Yeah, okay.”
“Oh my god,” Tony repeated. “What.”
He can feel his blood rushing in his ears, Steve’s chest is warm against his back, and Tony’s giving him expectant doe eyes. It’s entirely possibly that he will regret this.
“You remembered?” Steve said, sounding a little surprised.
. Tony, who was definitely not wearing anything close to tweed, instead a wrinkled too-tight band shirt and expensive darkwash jeans. Everyone in the department had warned Steve about Dr. Stark, the brilliant theorist whose books were flying off the shelves even in this crap economy, and Steve was intensely glad that they had, but it hadn’t actually done anything to prepare him for
He got up and peeled the comic strip from the wall, carefully removing the blu-tack from the wall in the process. He stared at the picture in his hands for a long moment. Then, he put it down.
He tried to concentrate on his breathing. That was about the deepest level of introspection he could handle at the moment.
Bucky exhales. “At least for now.” He looks up at Steve with infuriating doe eyes. “At least talk to him.”
Natasha remained invaluable. “Heard you saw Stark. I would’ve bought you more time with him if I’d known.”
He held her with a guarded delicacy, like she was a Ming vase, like she was precious and familiar, yet entirely new to him.
Subject: care package
He hope it stayed that way, at least for a time.
“Ah,” Obie had said, grimacing. “That one, I’m afraid, we can’t do anything about. Howard was adamant.”
He put the Tesseract back into its case, and braced himself for the shockwave. Instead, what came was cool breath, pressing into his skin, curling around his spine and filling the marrow of his bones.
Steve tried to imagine taking the lead with them, slotting into place with them and Wanda and maybe a few others, and recoiled automatically—the last time a similar configuration had existed, it was in Leipzig.
“Well,” Rhodes drawled, “Isn’t it? Thor’s got his people to care for, and Nebula and the others are headed back to space. Clint’s retiring for the eighth time. I could go, but I’ve got shit to do.”
From somewhere on the floor, there was a sudden
Unacceptable. Tony needed to go.
Steve winced slightly. “There wasn’t too much idealism on the ground in my time, either,” he said. But he wasn’t unmoved. It wasn’t the language, but the sentiment.
requesting that you leave,” Fury growled. “You’re not briefed for this.”
From what Steve knew of Bucky’s taste in dames (which was a lot, more than he ever wanted to know, really), he hadn’t expected shamelessness to be a deal-sealer, but the way Bucky’s gaze was sharpening definitely pointed in that direction.
He narrowed his eyes. “Was that innuendo?”
The guy looks at him oddly. “…Yes?”
“Elevator felt claustrophobic. Easy fix,” Tony said.
He ducked his head, inevitably flushing. “Yes, Mrs. Potts.”
Cap was staring at him. And then his wrist shifted under Tony’s hand, and he was gripping Tony’s wrist right back. “No, I—that can’t…”
“Our universe?” Steve asked, in resignation. “Not yours, anymore?”
Morgan contemplated, and then nodded. “I’ll set my alarm,” she proclaimed, and then trotted off.
“Slowing the analytics to
“You’re smitten,” Natasha said, waggling an eyebrow at him.
Steve was a liar. He wasn’t ready for this at all.
“Nah.”
“Obviously, we’ve never had a case like yours before,” Fury had said, looking at him in his usual steady, inscrutable manner. “But both because of your displacement…issue, and your military affiliations, it’s my opinion that you’ll be both safer and more able to acclimate while in a controlled environment, where you won’t have a hundred people tugging you this way and that.”
“Hold up, hold up,” Jim said, pressing him back into the Cradle. “It’s not a fire drill.”
Tony talked for about an hour, explaining bit by bit the solution to a problem he’d managed to solve two days ago. By the end of it, Steve’s breathing was deep and steady on the line.
He mulled this over. Put it together with the glimpses and impressions he’d caught of her contact with Tony.
“Jesus, Barton, how’d you get in here?” Tony says, jumping away from the table and putting down the soldering iron with a clatter. He has to snatch it up again to turn the heat down a second later, and then he ends up perched, looking adrift, amid the sea of machinery.
“You did pretty well by me then,” Steve said. “This is a little above and beyond.”
Steve didn’t stop to think, he yanked the case into his lap and threw open the latches. Inside, the Stones sat placidly, glinting. “Which one?”
Steve licked his lips, and looked at three people across from him, each of them wearing different shades of expectation on their faces. “Uh, it’s nice to meet you all,” he said haltingly. “I’m Steve Rogers, of the Howling Commandos. I understand it’s been a while since I last was around.”
“Sub-basement, I knew it!” Clint crowed, as he headed towards Laura, who was waiting with the kids in the car. Together with Strange and a few others, they were the last contingent to leave.
arguers.
The Ancient One nodded, and raised her hands, the Time Stone settling in the air between them, glinting sickly green. “This will probably hurt,” she murmured, and then swept her arms back, and
The Cradle made an urgent sound, and Steve’s ears popped. Next to him, Jim and Pepper flinched. Tony shouted and grabbed his wrist above where it entered the port.
The entire room turns to him.
“Will that give me higher security access?” Steve asked, raising his eyebrows.
“How’s the captain faring?”
Light flew up from the connection, up in bright rivulets over the edges and articulations of the nanosuit, leaving glowing iridescent trails. “That tickles,” Tony complained. “I didn’t think I could feel ticklish in here.”
“Nick, what a pleasure. I was just about to actually do some paperwork for once and you’ve officially ruined it, this is the most I’ve ever liked you.”
Tony turned back to look at him. “What?” he asked.
“Captain Rogers.”
But he didn’t. He moved a little like DUM-E, like his limbs only partly belonged to him, like nothing was subconscious. He was expressive, but halting.
The guy looks curiously at him for a moment, and then wipes his hands on his jeans before sticking one of them out. “Tony Stark. You must be Steve Rogers.”
“Are you
“Do you think it will work?” he asked.
“He’s incredibly annoying,” Steve agrees readily.
“Not to the people in this house, you’re not,” she retorted.
“Known what?”
“I don’t always answer, as a matter of policy.”
(a bit strange, but he thought he could understand why Tony liked it), went to bed, had disturbing dreams, and woke up again. Then he went to have another MRI.
inside him, of Pepper and Rhodey and desert dust and motor oil and Howard and Maria and math, math, math—
“They can’t be one and the same?” Tony said, outraged.
They hadn’t ended up cuddling, though it had been close. When Steve had woken early the next morning, it was to find Tony on his back and Steve twisted on his side and front, facing him. His hand had curled around the inside of Tony’s bicep, and his face had been smashed into the pillow next to Tony’s shoulder, close enough to nearly press his mouth to the skin exposed by the rucked up sleeve of Tony’s thin, worn t-shirt. His knee rested lightly over Tony's thigh, as if Steve had wanted to keep him in place.
“So,” Tony says, far more firmly, “Dinner. Dinner to start. I like this plan. Was that so hard?”
“He is right to be concerned,” the Ancient One said, calmly. “You are very strong, Captain, but no body, no matter how strong, can house two souls indefinitely.”
“What the hell, Steve?” he muttered as he staggered under the weight. It was like steadying a wet sandbag. “What did you do?”
Once, Tony looked at him very strangely, and said, “Is it really you?”
“You know this guy?” the first one says.
Bucky shook his head.
“You know enough. And from what I’ve seen, he’s a better man than his father.”
“I think you’ll be fine,” she said, with a cryptic smile.
“Hi, Tony.”
“You.” Steve stops. Tries to put his brain in order. “I’m sorry, are you allowed to work on the water mains? I feel like that’s a violation of something.”
“It’s not,” Tony replies cheerily, but then he’s drawing a silver card case out of his pocket and extracting a card from it. He comes forward and snatches a pen out of Steve’s pencil holder, and Steve catches the faint traces of his cologne as he passes. “But,” Tony continues, scribbling on the card, “It
Tony shifted. Bucky could see his eyes, their liquid focus finding him. “You sweet on me, Barnes?” he said, clearly aiming for a drawl, but the huskiness of illness and quiet made it a low, tentative rasp.
“Yeah. I think he’s been making a lot of decisions out of desperation for a long time. I’m not sure he knows how to do anything different.”
Inside the Soul Stone, Natasha half stood, half floated, swathed in a sketch of the uniform she had worn when she died. Her face and hair were clean. She looked young.
He was going to sleep, then make bacon, then redraft the Outside Initiative. He was going to present it to Pepper, and maybe steal a dance with her, and then he'd steal another one with Tony. He’d help Jim with the grill, and interrogate Helen about what exactly they had to worry about, now that Tony was 260% of himself. He’d make himself ready for that, whatever that meant. Maybe call up Sam and Bucky, just to check in, but also to get a lay of the land. His world could get bigger again, but he'd make sure that it was better, this time.
face. “It’s come to our attention that this universe and this timeline has gained itself a bit of a reputation.”
Natasha looks at both of them. “You’re both idiots,” she says flatly. “And now all of Monaco is creeped out.”
“Sir?” the woman asked, jabbing a finger at Steve before crossing her arms. “Who is this?”
Steve opened his mouth to explain, and none of his own words came out.
Pepper set about a new pot of coffee, and slowly the rest of the household joined them—Happy first, then Bruce, both of whom were mostly non-verbal until midday.
He landed in Washington Square Park, well away from the fighting, though there were already impact scars over the monument, and twenty blocks up, the sound of Chitauri and mayhem. He ignored it and started walking. The Ancient One wasn’t far now, and he had no doubt that she was expecting him.
“I’m intruding,” Steve blurted. “I should—”
She walked forward, and as she got close, Steve could
Steve looked at the floor. “Find my own place, maybe,” he murmured. “Go back to Brooklyn.”
Tony snorts softly.
“Keeper!” the herald spat, struggling to right himself, but Natasha raised her hand, and the swords he’d been carrying flew out of his hands and into hers.
“If you’re bored,” Pepper suggested, “I can maybe give you something to work on.”
Steve supposes that, of all the deaths he could have, that would have been a pretty good one. But feeling nostalgic for it, like it was something to be preferred over what was happening now, even this awkward, bizarrely delicious meal with dangerous people he barely knows, is a disconcerting reaction to see.
