Tony kept glaring at the soap. “Don't worry, the others are back at the campsite, wrapped in blankets and eating soup.” Steve looked around him in surprise. He hadn't even noticed them leaving.
Tony looked aside at his friend. Col James Rhodes had a good poker face in general, he'd spent too much time putting up with Tony's shit not to, but he was taking in the display on DUMM-E's charging station a little wide eyed.
"It does," insisted Percival. "Not that false Grail Sir Anthony showed us at King Arthur's court, but the real one. And I don't understand why Sir Anthony pretended to be demon with a false Grail at all."
"No. I am not taking your jacket, you chivalrous idiot. Let's just go. We'll be home in no time." Steve looked dubious.
"I'm fine. I'm totally fine." Tony didn't pull that one off, he could tell. It was obvious by the way Steve's face went even more frowny.
"Which reminds me, what do you want? Why are we in a bathroom stall if it's not to trade blowjobs?" And that really was kind of mean. Unnecessarily crass, at the least. It wasn't Steve's fault that Tony felt rejected, he hadn't meant anything by it and Tony had no business feeling rejected. But there you had it.
His eyes firmly on the Eye it took him a while to notice it wasn't the only light out there. In front of what must be the witches' castle was a collection of bobbing flames, that he assumed were torches. The torches were outlining a seething mass of people. He could hear them now too, they were shouting and screaming in anger. It was an honest to God mob, pitchforks and all and they were trying to storm the gates.
“Okay,” he says. “Great.“ And pats Steve's shoulder as he turns away, looking over Steve's head into the distance. “Eight out of Ten. Regrettable fumble on the dismount.” He snaps up the towel and wraps it around his waist as he makes for the stairs.
By night time Tony's fever was going up again, despite the willow bark and his heartbeat was erratic. He wrapped himself around Tony again that night when he shivered and applied cold compresses when he sweated. He had bittersweet memories of his mother doing the same for him when he was a kid. He figured she must have felt the same kind of helplessness, watching him struggle for breath.
Steve stared at his plate intently trying to look as if he wasn’t listening. Tony had been in the hospital wing for three days last winter? He’d not even noticed. How had he not noticed? What had he and Bucky been doing? Nothing big, he was sure. Just the usual shenanigans. Snow fights, broomstick racing, quidditch practice, the occasional haphazard attempt at schoolwork, exploding snap and games of chess in the Gryffindor common room, nightly kitchen raids for pastries and mulled cider... While they’d been oblvious to the fact that Tony had worked himself sick, all by himself. He pushed down the tendril of guilt that wanted to worm itself up his throat. It wasn’t like Tony had asked for their company, right?
Steve nodded in acknowledgment, but wisely decided not to pursue that line of questioning. He turned towards his companion, who was watching Tony with amused fascination.
“Jarvis! Pepper! Happy!” Tony greeted them, still jubilant. He quickly did the introductions and then proceeded to update Jarvis on the need to finetune the power sequencing in the repulsor technology, to which Jarvis nodded gravely.
First thing to be released by the ice was the shield and, wow, Tony felt as giddy as a little boy holding that legendary vibranium disk. He couldn't resist the temptation to take if for a spin, so to speak, but after it killed one of his half finished projects, he limited himself to just running a battery of tests on it. It was even more amazing than he’d expected. He decided right then and there that Captain Rogers would be interred with a simulacrum. It'd be a tragedy to bury the real thing. And who would know?
Halfway to Gryffindor tower he realized that he could just Levitate the sleeping boy beside him, so he wouldn’t have to carry him. That would make more sense. He tightened his grip instead, though, strangely reluctant to let go of the warm weight in his arms. And when Tony pressed his face into Steve’s neck in response, it was as if he was levitating anyway.
Peering into the hallway in front of the cabin it turned out that Tony hadn't been far off the mark. So maybe there weren't 87 goons in front of their door, but at least a dozen and lord knew how many were inside the cabin.
It was slow going on the way back to the tower. The tree wasn't particularly heavy, Steve was carrying most of the weight, but it was unwieldy and they had to maneuver it through the crowd on the sidewalk without taking anyone's head off. It might have been easier if Steve had just slung it over his shoulder and Tony was man enough to admit that he wouldn't have minded the sight of Steve being all beefcake with a Christmas tree, but this was fine too. Very romcom scenario, still. The snow was falling thicker now and Tony's feet were going a bit numb. Time to pick up the pace.
This of course required much more explanation and Tony tried to keep it brief and then he had to keep Bors from charging in after Percival, because he seemed to think the power of his righteous anger would make him immune to the mind altering effects of the smoke. Tony knew that kind of anger well, so he wasn't a complete dick about it, but on the other hand, he was on a tight schedule here, so he was at least a little bit of a dick. Bors didn't seem to have a very pleasant personality himself, though, so fairly soon Tony was back at work while Bors paced in front of the chapel, occasionally yelling at Tony to hurry the hell up. As if Tony wasn't worried about Steve's soul. Or body. Because he hadn't gotten his hands on the latter yet and he really, really needed to.
"I believe you. I noticed he has remarkably strong opinions at times." She paused. "So did Nick, much to his chagrin."
Sure, they'd talked like BFFs last night, but this was the cold light of morning and their whole situation was fucked up and they had as yet no idea how to get themselves out. But apparently they were friends now. Tony allowed himself a rare moment of introspection to figure out how he felt about Steve.
"Mr Stark...... Tony..." It was a surefire sign of how serious Elisa was, that she used Tony's first name. Despite the twenty years she'd worked for Stark Industries, twenty years in which he had insisted that she call him Tony, it had been Mr Stark at all times. "Tony, you can't go to the trial."
“I see. It's obvious what Del and you two would be getting out of that particular scenario, but what is in it for me? Am I supposed to just go get a cup of coffee while she fucks my husband, since pussy doesn't do it for me? ”
. He watched Tony weave to the front of the bus and start a discussion with the tour guide and then pull out his wallet. Several colorful Euro bills changed hands and the bus came to a stop at a nondescript street corner. Three minutes later they watched the bus drive off.
"I'm sure I can't wait... So does that mean you're not..." Steve trailed off and looked embarrassed. "Nevermind."
“That’s difficult,” Tony said finally. “It’s not now or never, though, is it? Can you take your time to figure out if you can do it or not? I mean, I’d like to be your friend, but it’s not a right here, right now,
Steve pressed a soft kiss into his hair. He couldn't help it. It was right there and it smelled good and it was Tony.
“I got mine in Leiden, but Rotterdam is closer. I’ll pay for the rental, but you gotta go get one now, or you won’t be back in time.”
“Jesus fuck, Natasha! Way to give a man a heart attack!” He forced himself to breathe normally. “No, I’m not hiding. Just getting some air.”
“You know, my old man said...” Tony continued as if Steve hadn't spoken, and with his eyes glued to his branch. “He said peace meant having a bigger stick than everyone else. And I don't agree with that anymore on the whole. Not as a country, anyway. But for myself... I have trouble sleeping unless I am absolutely sure I have the biggest stick.”
“Steve...” Tony whispered and Steve didn't know if that meant 'stop' or 'please'. Tony might not know either. Comfort, Steve thought, just a little comfort in the middle of the night, in a strange country, in a strange time, after a long and harrowing day.
"Sir Anthony, the Grail is not for you. You have sinned in every way imaginable and your presence sullies that of your companions."
good, it will never ever be easy in this country to win something against our armed forces, because we consider them heroes too. There's plenty of history to back that up." She obviously had opinions on that that she wasn't sharing.
“What?” Tony gestured helplessly. “You threatened to castrate me if I touched your soap! How was I to know Steve would get special dispensation?”
Sure enough, there was Tony hovering a little ways away, one hand raised and at the ready. No doubt JARVIS had patched through the entire conversation, he could tell by the way Tony hung in the air, somehow. Steve felt his heart drop into his shoes and he wanted to howl at the unfairness of it all. The unfairness of losing the chance to tell Tony himself, of trying to make him understand. The hope he'd harbored of maybe, possibly
"I... uh...." Steve's embarrassment was evident. "I was angry with myself for letting you distract me and it was easier to be angry at you, I guess. But then I realized it was my problem, really. You are so good at playing Corbin and here I am, completely useless at this. I don't know how to act, I don't know what to do. Even when you tell me specifically what I need to do, I muck it up and lose sight of the one person I am supposed to keep an eye on.” He ran a hand through his hair. “I know this probably sounds ridiculous, Tony, but I am so much better at just beating up the bad guys. I'd gladly infiltrate a Hydra facility, or rescue prisoners or anything else, really. But I'm going to do better. I am going man up and be more professional."
“Fuck…” he whispered and moved up to kiss Steve, still relentlessly working this fingers in and out. Steve was reduced to panting into his mouth, though and couldn’t make it work.
this assignment! He knew that, while there was nothing wrong with being pissed off with Fury for general purposes, the man had almost always done something to deserve it (and if he hadn't he was thinking about it) but right now it wasn't really his fault that Tony wanted to rip something apart. Or blow up something big. Really big. Like Death Star big. No, the real problem was that Tony had been distracted at the wrong time, by the wrong thing and had been
Thor held Loki by the neck while the rest of them, plus Sam, glared at him, but Tony thought they could be forgiven for not trusting Thor to actually have him under control. As far as Tony had seen, Loki played his brother like a piano, so Tony wasn't standing down or anything stupid like that. He had only lifted the face plate on the armor. Loki was sporting that infuriating grin that meant he knew things that you didn't and yes, strangling sounded just lovely.
"I'll start climbing," offered Steve. He was shoving something in his shirt. "These guys are too stupid to look up, judging by current evidence. And it sounds like they're about to break down the door." He sprinted back onto the balcony and jumped up to grab the railing of the balcony of the floor above theirs. As Tony zoomed past him with a cursing Clint in bridal hold, the door to the cabin burst open and the men in black poured in.
"Right," said Steve. He sheathed his sword and stepped closer to the crypt, raising his shield as if he were about to smash the tomb stone.
Sometimes he wrote little observations, things that struck him as odd or funny. Like 'What the heck is a kumquat?', after he had wandered into a California grocery store. All in all, he wasn't what he'd call happy, not in the way he'd been happy those last days on the ship, but he sure as hell had been a whole lot unhappier than this many, many times. Content was probably a more accurate word.
“That's right, buddy. If anyone here is qualified to be Bat Man, it's me. Bruce Wayne is practically my long lost twin. He is a little dumber and he doesn't have my sunny personality, but we can't all be perfect.”
Percival's gaze went to the still form in Steve's arms. Then he looked at the woman holding the gate open. She smiled and waved at him.
“Thank you for standing up for me. That.... That was difficult for me. You know, if they'd just punched me every time I'd opened my mouth, that I could have taken. Easily. But this... It brought back some really unpleasant memories and, you know, even if they were snubbing Del and not me, it was still me. You're a stand up guy, Tony.” Was Steve blushing? It was hard to see in the dim light and with the fake tan, but his ears looked decidedly red. Why was Steve blushing? Then Steve leaned forward and kissed him a little awkwardly on the cheek.
Steve nodded gratefully. She showed him how to make the poultices and the willow bark tea. The tea was bitter and Tony didn't like it, but he drank it all the same when Steve woke him up and ordered him to. Before she vanished, the hermit left him with directions (keep walking south west for half a week) and the renewed plea to make haste. Steve nodded his assent and when he turned back he was surprised to see Tony was still awake. His eyes were gleaming and his face was flushed with fever, and he was staring at Steve as if he couldn't quite believe he was there.
“I made a bet with myself that you would have more than 10. I won.” Steve smiled at him as if he was really glad he won that bet. With himself. Dork.
A moan from Galahad broke through his reverie. The village healer had stitched him up alright and swaddled the leg with a poultice and clean linen. She'd given him willow bark for pain and sent them on their way with more fortifying concoctions and a shake of her head. Now it remained to be seen whether he'd survive the blood loss and potential infections. With only the willow bark as pain killer it was a miracle Galahad had been sleeping at all. Steve knelt by his head and offered him the water skin, which he accepted gratefully. Green eyes looked up at Steve, so very much like Lancelot's, except now they looked a little feverish. Steve felt his forehead. Yes, his temperature was definitely high. Galahad cleared his throat.
He glanced over to pile of gingerbread men Natasha was producing. They weren't what you'd call traditional. He cocked his head.
picking up the pace, but Steve behind him suddenly slowed down considerably and there was no way Tony was able to drag him along if he wasn't cooperating. He yanked on the tree once for good measure but that proved futile.
It is after six when he pulls into his driveway. The trailer is there, but there is no sign of Tony. The generator is on, though. Just when he lifts the last reusable bag of groceries out of the trunk, Tony steps out of the trailer, cargo shorts and wife beater. He freezes as he sees Steve. Steve stares back at him. He's beautiful. He scares Steve to death. Steve still wants him.
he might manage. He shook his head ruefully at how far the mighty had fallen, then rolled out of his bedroll. Only one way to find out where the party was being held.
"I am also going to cross cats with snakes, so I can have a furry snake that purrs... But that chairlift sounds kinda cool."
Steve ran back inside the barn, while yelling for Tony and Bors to get up. Bors was the first to grasp the situation and Steve sent him off after Percy, after he'd quickly saddled his horse. Steve helped Tony pack up to follow as soon as they could. He knew he could have gone himself and leave Tony with Bors to catch up with him later, but he rejected that idea as soon as it presented itself. He wasn't going to get separated from Tony again and, really, when push came to shove, he just didn't care about Percival's well-being as much as he did about Tony's. He saddled the horses and then loaded them up with the stuff Tony handed him.
“Well, no. That is for aesthetics. You should see the piles of thank you notes I get from grateful women and gay men all over the world! In fact, I've been offered good money to design you a suit with strategic cutouts. They helpfully suggest all kinds of interesting placements for them, too. But, of course, that would negatively affect the function of your suit. You should be glad I am such an incorruptible soul and would never jeopardize your health for the sake of a few measly dollars, Steve. I mean, I have enough money anyway, but I wouldn't be able to sleep at night if you were shot in the ass.” He sounded so very, very sincere too.
"But Tony, what? You don't believe the All American Hero would stoop to fucking me?" He really tried not to sound bitter, but that might not have been completely successful.
Clambering to his feet, he avoids the mirror as he gulps down some water and splashes it over his face. He finally empties his bladder, the sound of the stream hitting water deafening in the silence of the house. He hesitates before he unlocks the door, but he needn't have worried. Tony's door is firmly closed. He slips back into bed and falls into blackness.
"You think they are going to sink the ship?" Steve felt a little alarm at that, even if he didn't quite see how they were going to manage that from the position they were in.
Camelot was in disarray when the boar hunting party arrived home. Where normally half the population of the keep would come out to welcome them back and congratulate them on their prowess (and the boar's head that Gaheris had insisted on dragging along), now they barely merited a glance from the few people rushing from one end of the courtyard to the other. A pair of buckets were lying on the ground next to the well, their contents long since soaked into the cracks between the cobblestones, and an abandoned horse only half loaded with lumpy packs of something was trying to get at the weeds near the courtyard wall. Steve exchanged a worried glance with Tristan who indicated silently that he had no clue what was going on either, but whatever it was he didn't like it. Steve turned to his men.
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“First of all, it was an industry party, but yes I did go to it with Harry, but we actually caught up the day before for lunch. I swear to god you better not shriek again but he asked me to be his girlfriend.” Aurora rolled her eyes as Ella clamped her hands over her mouth to muffle her excited response. “You can’t say a word to anyone El,” Aurora said. “Please, you know what the Directioners are like. We just want to keep it out of the media for now.”
After the show, Harry rushed to his girlfriend's side, pulling Aurora into a hug and spinning her around as soon as he reached her. “I can’t believe you’re here,” he yelled excitedly. “I thought I wasn’t going to see you for another week.”
“I’m just waiting for my video to finish processing and then I’ll be ready to go,” Aurora promised, turning back to her laptop to ensure her video was still correctly uploading to YouTube. After a few minutes, the video completed its processing and Aurora quickly tweeted out to her few hundred followers to let them know that it was now live and wished them all a Merry Christmas before throwing a coat over her obnoxious Christmas sweater and following her mum out their front door.
Before long New Year’s Eve was upon them and everyone got dressed up for the massive party Tony was hosting, and by 11:30 the penthouse was crowded with people, the music loudly filling the space as people danced and drank away the final hours of 2015.
Aurora was grinning from ear to ear when the song faded out to silence, immensely proud of the song and all the work they’d put into it over the last week.
“I don’t want to go home tomorrow,” she said, looking up at Harry. “These last 2 weeks have been so incredible.”
As August began, the band found themselves back in New York. Following a show in Pittsburgh they arrived in the morning, the day before they were scheduled to appear on
The pair lapsed into silence and after a few moments Rori turned her attention to her sketch book. The two sketched side by side for hours until the sun started to set, and the studio started to darken with the lengthening shadows.
“Of course. Dad’s always said you were his favourite interviewer so when I had to decide, you seemed like the best option.”
“Baby, just look at you now,” they sang together, Gary dropping out to let Aurora finish the line alone, “barely holding it together.”
“JARVIS?” she called out, “What do Tony and Steve usually do for Christmas? When do they get a tree or decorate or anything?”
“You know sometimes I’m really glad that you get all of this. I’m not sure how I’d deal with this otherwise.”
and in an attempt to avoid the paparazzi, Happy picked them up from the airport and brought them to the tower. Once they arrived, Anne pulled Harry into a tight hug while Robin went to greet Aurora. After dropping their bags in one of the guest rooms they all headed for the kitchen where Steve was cooking dinner for everyone. It was a casual night in, just Harry, Aurora and their parents with the rest of the Avengers having dinner on another floor to give them some time with Anne and Robin. Once dinner was finished and the dishes were cleared, they all moved into the living room to watch a movie and stayed up late into the night sharing stories of Christmases past. Aurora always loved when Anne would tell stories from when Harry was little, and he would bury his face in her shoulder as he blushed in embarrassment. Steve entertained them all with stories of Christmases in the 1920s and Aurora shared a few tales from her own childhood. The large pine tree in the corner provided the room a soft glow as they chatted, and the large wall of windows looking out over the city provided a beautiful backdrop. Aurora nuzzled into Harry’s chest as conversation flowed until she finally dropped off to sleep. Everyone took that as a sign to turn in for the night and Harry gently lifted Rori into his arms and carried her to bed.
Aurora and Tony were sitting in the living room watching TV on a late April afternoon when JARVIS announced that Mark was on his way up to the penthouse. Rori reached for her phone, finding it between the couch cushions and wincing at the notifications stacking up on her lock screen. “This can’t be good,” she said as her manager emerged from the lift.
“Ok I’ve got half of something,” Rori said one morning after they’d piled into the studio. “Just a half assed melody and a verse and chorus I came up with last night.”
As if knowing his window of opportunity was closing, he quickened his pace and in an instant, he was right behind her. Suddenly there were hands on her shoulders, and she was pushed towards the ground but when she looked up from where she lay, her would be attacker was running in the opposite direction while a costumed figure stood above her.
The Gallery show opened 3 days later and Aurora felt an immense sense of pride in her work as she watched people walk around, taking in her paintings. Her dads were both walking through the crowd, talking with guests about how great the paintings were, as were the Harry’s 3 bandmates. Aurora was feeling incredibly grateful for how supportive her friends and family were and she felt herself getting quite emotional. Harry, who was standing next to her, noticed her starting to sniffle and placed his hands on her shoulders, turning her to look at him.
She opened her mouth and then closed it again, not knowing what to say and then all of a sudden her eyes were filled with tears and Harry’s apprehensive expression turned to one of fear and concern as he quickly moved from kneeling in front of her to sit on the sofa beside her, pulling her against his chest.
She stayed by his side as he chatted with people for the better part of an hour, occasionally joining in on his conversations when she knew the person, or sometimes holding her own conversation with someone else. Louis was never far from her side, enjoying hanging out with his bestie. After a while Simon Cowell arrived at the party and made his way over towards the three of them.
“I started writing it like 3 years ago,” Rori explained. “Not long after my mum died, just the chorus at first and then over the years the verses have fallen into place and then I’ve been sitting on it for about a year. Nobody had ever heard it until I showed my manager a few months ago.”
Harry swept Aurora up in his arms, gripping her tightly as her breath stuttered. She tried desperately to pull herself together, knowing that her reaction would only hurt the man she loved, making it more difficult for him to get on the plane that would take him away from her.
“This hasn’t exactly been an easy year, love,” he replied. “I don’t think it’s all that surprising that you’re struggling more with missing her after everything that’s happened.”
“Absolutely not,” Steve replied. “You’ve been looking forward to this summer for months now. Go enjoy yourself. You deserve to spend some time with Harry and to get out there and see the world. Besides we’re not gonna be home much.”
There are going to be some Instagram posts for this chapter but I'm going to combine them with the ones for the next chapter so once that one is posted I'll put up the Instagram posts to avoid spoilers :)
’. She rolled her eyes in response, following Anne into the front sitting room where the rest of the band was already crowded onto the sofas with Gemma and Robin joining them.
They spent every minute of those two days recording the track, Aurora not only laying down her vocals but also playing the piano on the track. An hour before she needed to be on the road, they were all crowded into the control room to listen to the finished song, no one making a sound as it played.
Jay wrapped her arms around Aurora and hugged her tightly. “It’s so good to see you again Darling. You’re looking more yourself then when I saw you last month.”
“We can do that,” he smiled. “I’ll send you through what we’ve got, and you can just email me your thoughts. What about the gallery in LA? How you feeling about showing the series again?”
It was late November and Rori was walking down a hallway between classes when she saw a bright green flyer on a noticeboard and stopped.
“So, there’s something I need to tell you before we get back to the tour,” Harry said, breaking the comfortable silence that had stretched around them in the summer night. “Something the boys and I have been talking about for a while now.”
She stepped back from his grasp to look him up and down, taking in the bright red floral pants and black button up.
After the meal was long gone and the team were exchanging stories over empty glasses, Aurora excused herself to go to the bathroom. Harry began to worry when she’d been gone a little too long and went off in search of his fiancé. With JARVIS’ help, he found her in her art studio, sitting on the bench seat against the window staring out over Central Park and the setting sun.
“Thank you Happy,” Steve replied, a proud smile lighting up his face. He had spent the last few days pouring over recipes online, putting together what everyone in the room agreed was the perfect meal. Tony and Rori quickly looked away from each other as they both tried not to laugh thinking about how many failed attempts in had taken for Steve to get the homemade bread to rise correctly, or how often he had shooed the two of them from the kitchen when they had attempted to offer their help. “Don’t you two even start,” Steve said, pointing an accusing finger at both of them, only succeeding in sending them into matching fits of giggles, clutching at their chests as they cried with laughter.
Tony let out a heavy sigh, collapsing into the chair next to Sam. “I don’t have any idea what to do,” he admitted.
“Huge bands on YouTube,” Rori explained. “I think Boyce Avenue have about 5 and half million subscribers. To work with either of them makes a real statement on the platform.”
“It appears that SHIELD has classified them both as fugitives and they are wanted on charges of domestic terrorism and espionage.”
“Well I’ve got another surgery coming up next week, but the doctors are talking about another 3 or 4 surgeries early next year so it’s gonna be a while till I’m back in the studio, but maybe we can start by dealing with the requests you said you already have.”
Author note: I’m adding a week break after the 3 London shows of the Where We Are Tour in June otherwise assume the real life timetable.
“She was in surgery last I heard,” Happy told him, swinging the car out into traffic and heading for the hospital. “How are you?”
She took a deep breath, steeling herself emotionally for the final chorus. She dropped her voice, softly singing the next few lines before throwing her arms out wide and closing her eyes as she belted out the second to last line of the song.
“Tony,” Steve interjected softly, having stayed out of the argument until that point. “She’s right. It’s only 10 minutes to LaGuardia High and no one knows who she is. She’ll just be one of countless students walking those streets. She’ll be fine.”
“Do you maybe want to swap numbers?” Rori asked somewhat shyly, watching a genuine smile appear once again on Harry’s face as he pulled out his phone without hesitation. They swapped numbers and then Harry once again kissed her cheek before she headed towards the exit, already dialling Happy to come pick her up.
“It’s a tattoo,” she replied, holding her arm out so that he could see the fresh ink clearer. “Pretty cool, right? I got it about 2 weeks ago.” The image on the inside of her wrist was of half of Steve’s shield and the right half of the Iron Man helmet, joined together in the middle. “Harry, Louis and I went to this great little tattoo parlour in Philly.”
“I love you too kiddo,” Tony sighed, wishing for the millionth time that his daughter had not inherited his stubbornness. “Enjoy your dinner, and I’ll meet you at the airport when you land tomorrow.”
“Oh god,” Rori moaned, covering her face with her hands, her cheeks blazing with shame. “This is so embarrassing.”
“How is it that your phone is permanently attached to your hand, but you never answer my calls?” he asked, walking straight over to them and sitting down on the sofa.
“I remember watching the news coverage,” Letterman added. “We’d just watched Iron Man’s miraculous survival and then all of a sudden there was this schoolgirl running towards the Avengers and then she was on the ground and Captain America was hugging her and no one knew who you were or what was happening.”
“I have no idea sweetheart,” Tony replied. “Your pops sent me a message that they’re safe and he said they’ve got it under control, and that I shouldn’t head down there. I can’t reach him now, but it’s gonna be ok Kiddo.”
Shortly before midnight, when almost everyone had left for the night, only Nat, Clint and Bruce remained in the living room of the penthouse with the Stark-Rogers family and Harry. After refilling his drink in the kitchen, Tony walked past where Rori was sitting, lifting her wine glass to her lips to take a sip. “What is that on your wrist?” he asked, pulling his daughters attention away from a conversation she was having with Bruce. She paused for a brief moment before following Tony’s eyes to the inside of her left wrist.
Aurora and Harry flew into Columbus, Ohio the day before the band was scheduled to perform there, and while Harry headed for the stadium for rehearsals and interviews, Aurora took a cab to a local music studio.
“I’ll leave you kids to it,” Sam chuckled. “Have JARVIS let me know when you’re ready tomorrow and we’ll have a chat, yeah?”
“I think I’d genuinely die of shock if you ever arrived anywhere on time,” Aurora replied when they both pulled apart and sat down at the table. Greg appeared a few moments later with a coke for Ella and a sprite for Rori, the two girls too predictable for him to need their drink orders. “Thanks Greg,” Rori cheered, taking a sip of her drink.
Christmas Day in Avengers tower was loud, and the penthouse was crowded. Having grown up with only her mother and her unofficial family from the bar, Aurora was surprised to find that she absolutely loved the crazy, bustling madness of the ragtag group assembled around her. Thor, Clint and Natasha was piling their plates high while Bucky and Sam bickered over crackers. Tony and Steve, with Peter’s help, continued piling more and more plates of food on the already full table, while Rhodey, Pepper, May and Happy were laughing cheerily as they took photos in the paper crowns from their own crackers, and Bruce was chatting with Anne and Robin. Harry sat by Aurora’s side, one of his hands on her thigh as the he dug into his food with the other, a bright smile lighting up his face and making his dimples pop. They all migrated to the sofas once they were all full to bursting and spent the rest of the day lounging around enjoying each other’s company.
“Louis can’t help throwing out the strong Big Brother vibes,” Harry agreed. “It’s like he spent so many years being the eldest sibling that he skips the friend’s stage and goes straight to sibling mode. He did it with all of us when the band was put together, and it looks like he’s tucked you under his wing too.”
“I thought I was gonna be too late,” Harry confessed when he finally regained enough composure to speak. “I was terrified that by the time I got here she’d be gone.”
Check out my tumblr for fake instargram posts and spotify playlists https://abundanceofsoph.tumblr.com/post/621613699259629569/skyfire-masterlist
“I’m collaborating with a band called Boyce Avenue, so the three members are going to be here until Monday to record in the studio,” Aurora explained, growing more nervous with every second as Nat and Clint shared a look that could only spell trouble for her.
“I’ll have the fish and chips please,” Ella ordered, while Rori nodded and gestured that she would have the same. As Greg walked away from the table the girls dove into discussion. Despite having lived in separate countries for the last 2 and a half years, they had successfully maintained their friendship, rarely going more than a day or two without messaging or calling each other. As such there wasn’t as much to catch up on since they’d last seen each other on Rori’s last visit as one would expect. Rori explained in minute detail every aspect of the AMAs, only glossing over some of her interactions with Harry, keeping most of their conversations private, while giving Ella enough details to keep her friend satisfied and sufficiently excited.
“Haz,” he whispered, unable to make his voice any louder but not needing to in the dead silence of the room. Harry looked towards Liam, his phone still pressed to his ear as it continued to ring and ring and ring. Liam turned his phone around to show the others the photo, watching as all the colour drained from Harry’s face. He hung up his phone, knowing now that there was no one to answer his call.
Harry nodded, focusing on his own breathing, taking deep, deliberately calm breathes to encourage Rori to mimic him. Slowly she began to settle against his chest, the shaking lessening more and more as the minutes ticked by until she was almost completely still in his arms.
Your face lit up when you opened the door to be greeted by all 5 members of One Direction, Harry standing in the middle wearing her favourite grin. She laughed as she briefly realised that they were also wearing all black outfits, ensuring that it would look as though she had intentionally dressed to match them. Harry stepped forward, sweeping her into his arms and pulling her into a bruising kiss as the other boys pushed passed them into the hotel suite.
As the song finished, the crowd, who had remained quiet throughout the performance erupted into cheers and screams. She smiled wide, her eyes glistening with tears as she looked out across the sea of fans, all screaming for the boys. Harry kissed her on the cheek and Louis gave her a quick hug before she left the stage and the crew quickly removed the stools. The opening bars of
“They’re the best,” Rori grinned, finally shaking off her nerves as she talked about her family. “They were always spoiling me. When I was 6, they brought me my first art set for Christmas and always proudly hung my paintings and sketches in the bar and then when I was 7, I came home from school raving about how I’d got to play on the piano in music class. My music teacher had been talking about how the school would be running a private lesson program and I begged my mum to let me take lessons. I was pretty obnoxious about it now that I look back on it, but of course my mum said we couldn’t afford it and she apologized to me over and over again, but the next day not only had Helen paid for my lessons but one of the regulars at the bar that had heard my pleading brought in an old second hand piano that he said was taking up space in his house. I was allowed to play for an hour every day after school before the crowds started to roll in for happy hour and I could play for as long as I wanted in the mornings on the weekend before the lunch rush.”
“I love Steve,” Aurora replied simply. “He’s been just as much a father to me as Dad has and I am so lucky to have him in my life. There was never really anything to adjust to in that sense because from the moment I met dad and moved into the tower, Steve was a part of that. After everyone found out about me, I legally changed my name to Stark and we all started talking about announcing that dad and Steve were together because it was only a matter of time before people worked it out, and then one afternoon when Steve and I were both painting in our studio he asked for my blessing to propose.”
Steve turned to Natasha before they left the room, however. "Do you know... who actually found me first? And how long I was unconscious for?" He asked quietly.
"I know, I know, I know.  And don't worry about Trickshot, me and Steve are going to find him."  Tony didn't add that he doubted Trickshot was in the best shape, where ever he was.  "Steve, text Coulson about finding Tricky, will you? What was his real name, DeSoto?"
On the coffee table there was a newspaper.  "Allied Bombers Attack Maastricht; Heavy Casualties Reported," read the headline.  Another article on the same page: "Churchill Arrives in Italy, Pledges Support Against Japs."
It took him a few hours to read the paper; he worked through it slowly, taking time to consider each piece. By the time he'd finished it the sun had risen in the sky, bleeding out a pink hue that peeked through cotton clouds. Steve stared out the window, transfixed by the view for a brief moment. Then he heard the door open and recognized the scent as Dr. Brennan. She was quite distinctive.
He glanced out the window.  It was dark out.  Right.  Time zone change.  They'd only been in the air for three, four hours tops, but they had moved forward three hours in time.  Tony looked down to reset his watch.  He was wearing an analog Jaeger, which, though impractical, looked damned good.
Steve went back to take another armful of flowers off of Tony. "There aren't  any other honeymoon traditions in this century, are there?" He asked. "If there are we only have a day or so to get them done and I know we're not really doing it like that but..." He shrugged.
Steve turned around to see Haley. She was dressed in green, her neck totally collar-free and her hair swept back from her face.
Unfazed by their affection, Natasha calmly answered Tony's question.  "Rhodes is fine; he left for Washington last night.  Virginia is in the lobby.  She was waiting for you two to wake up, but she's been running damage control pretty much continuously.  According to her, running Stark Industries is a lot like trying to race a horse that's on fire."
He wasn't really aware of where they were going until Tony pushed open the door to a patio.  The fresh air hit him and Steve sighed in relief, moving to take a seat a little heavily. "Damn," he whispered and then he let his head fall into his hands.
. Steve knew he could defend himself. But would he? Suddenly, he felt internally horrified on top of everything. The way Pepper was looking at him...was this his fault? Could he have avoided this? He didn't even want this to be happening.
Which is how one day in mid-October they ended up in a high-rise in Queens, New York, where John Jameson greeted them in his usual manner.  "STEVE! TONY! GREAT TO SEE YOU AGAIN!" he shouted. He was smoking a cigar; Tony coughed.
And then Steve sprinted and jumped, just landing on the rooftop next to their building before running on to the next. The snow was making the landing and take off harder than he'd anticipated.
"No.  No, that's the thing.  I feel really good. Like... like excited."  Tony looked over. "...maybe I just... miss him, I guess.  Maybe I'm... glad to get him back. I dunno. ...I haven't had sex in two months so that sort of sucks."
start!" he snapped at it.  "...Steve! Wait! I'm coming with you!"  He hurried after him. He knew everything Steve had said was true.  Steve was, literally, made for this; he'd volunteered; he'd
sure what had gotten into him, but he didn't really care.  He needed to get some energy out and as he settled into the seat of his car, he felt much calmer than he had inside, facing off with Hammer.  He checked the gauges and sighed contentedly.  Here in the car, he felt at home.  He didn't feel sick at all.  The seat was comfortable and low to the ground and inside the helmet he felt not unlike he did when he was Iron Man.  Hell, he felt more comfortable here than he ever had inside.  He revved the engine experimentally, enjoying the sense of power it gave him.  For some reason, he hoped his PA, the omega, was watching.
Joey gave Tony a pitying look.  "We're not going to cut through the chain.  Hold his arm out, Rogers."
Across the pen, an Alpha whistled, and an omega hurried over.  She listened to him, nodded, and then trudged over to the group.  "Excuse me. My Alpha wants to see you. Can you lift your shirt?" she asked Seven.
There were three of them outside the door.  The girl, the one they called the witch.  A man with a gun, and in front of him, Bucky.  No. The
"This is normal for anyone with PTSD," Aria supplied as she walked over with a glass of water. She held it in front of Steve. "Here."
His hips ended up being pulled up a little so Tony could thrust into him properly, his eyes rolling back and lips parting as his Alpha's cock dragged in and out of him perfectly.
"You know how to play pool, right?" asked Tony to Charlotte, feeling thoroughly anxious that he and Callum were going to get their asses kicked.
Steve nodded. He sort of felt bad about it. But then she'd never corrected him once when he'd worked for her, although he'd mostly just called her 'Miss Potts.' He glanced sideways at Tony. "This really isn't a big deal, you know."
Tony snatched at the newspaper.  "So Cap's pro-choice now?  Oh my God, no wonder Fury was having a hernia."  He flipped open the paper eagerly.  "This is
oh, boy... yep, I got a weird one, too... this guy's capitalization is all over the place..."  Tony tossed the letter aside.  "...don't worry, people send all sorts of shit... I mean I have literally been sent actual shit before... put the hair in the 'crazy weirdo' pile..."
"So you're assuming that the serum causes changes on a genetic level?  That it could even be passed on to his offspring? We don't know that," said the first.  "That damned Liebmann took nearly four pints from the asset, so it's not like we'll be able to test him again anytime soon."
Steve almost flinched at her words and watched her saunter out of the door with wide eyes. He really didn't know what to say to that.  But he had more important things to handle.  Like terminating the party before it turned dangerous.
Steve woke up to Aria telling him Stone was on his way on the thirtieth, and quickly got up to shower, dressing more presentably than he had since his heat.
"...you understand that the only way he's gonna say anything, though, is if I talk to him... y'know."  Tony looked down at his coffee. DeSoto really had made some
While Steve's friends had been slow to trust Tony, Tony's friends were delighted with Steve.  Happy and Pepper's initial upset that Steve had lied was quickly overshadowed by the incredible amount of stability Steve had brought to Tony's life.  Tony's drinking was still heavy, but not nearly as bad; he was still a hopeless flirt, but there were no more one-night stands.  In fact, following his approval for SHIELD work, his only major indiscretion had been buying Steve an eagle for his his birthday.  (With Pepper's help, they had taken Liberty to a wildlife sanctuary.  Tony had pouted over it for several days before bitterly admitting that a live, fully grown bald eagle had perhaps not been the best gift idea, and promised to get Pepper's help next year.)
There was a sudden onslaught of noise as the door slammed open and a moment later, Aria was yanking Brooke off of Steve's lap.
and, admittedly, shocking. Steve hadn't expected that. The minute he'd felt the bite he'd expected Tony to be out.
"No, the soldier.  I can feel it, you know? In the dreams. I can feel how scared he is.  You know how in dreams you sort of know how everyone feels or what their motivations are?"
Beside him was a women in a gold-and-pearl collar who was in the middle of a story; she broke off when she spotted Steve and her eyes narrowed suspiciously.  She edged away a little, as if Steve were carrying something contagious.
"We know you're working on Insight!  We also know you're working for HYDRA, so cut the crap and tell us what you're doing for them!" shouted Natasha, cinching up the garrote again.  Project Insight was a brand-new operation that SHIELD had that involved international security, but it was still in its infancy and many people doubted anything would come of it.  Jasper was on the founding committee but they already knew that; they knew what he did for SHIELD and his response seemed like a smug little joke, a refusal to explain his role in HYDRA.
He tried pushing, gritting his teeth. With a creak the floorboard above him thumped away, landing heavily on its side. Steve pulled himself up and squinted at the bright lights. It looked like he was in a laboratory, or a hospital, maybe.  There was no one around. He didn't know where he was but it didn't matter.  Only one thing did.
He threw back the bottle, hoping to numb the intense itching from the collar.  Equality aside, he now realized why Alphas never wore necklaces or turtlenecks.  He'd never appreciated how sensitive his hackles were until something was pressing against them.  It was agony.
The tech shrugged.  "The circumstances of his death were traumatic.  Perhaps he's been in a sanitarium or an asylum somewhere.  All of the memories we've seen from Barnes were before 1944.  Mentally, there may be nothing left.  But physically, I can guarantee he's alive.  It would be impossible for Stark to have that memory otherwise.  That was definitely not his subconscious.  Unless he was aboard a train in 1944 with Captain Rogers here."
He had gotten so used to compulsively touching the reactor over the last few weeks that it took an enormous amount of willpower not to snap it out then and there and check it.  Watching the palladium cores oxidize inside of him, watching the reactor discharge into his chest and poison him, Tony had come to hate the thing.  It was funny, how first he'd hated it, then love it, then hated it... now he supposed he loved it again.  After all, it was no longer killing him, and Steve didn't seem to mind it.
She let him off twenty minutes away from the hotel, close to a subway station so he could go where he wanted.  She knew Steve had a new tracker, but she hadn't told Tony or any of his friends; Steve seemed like he needed a few more hours of privacy.  Natasha being Natasha, she didn't ask why.
"Oh, God, no.  No, no, no," said Tony, shaking his head with an awkward laugh.  "No, I've been meaning to talk to my doctor about a vasectomy, actually.  I got one when I was nineteen in Tijuana but I guess it didn't take... kind of creepy, actually.  I've had seventeen paternity suits so far but none were mine yet. Knock on wood."
"Pretty sure he doesn't mind anything right now," Aria mumbled, watching as Steve sat down on the sofa, legs crossed. Once he'd eaten the grapes he tried to eat the grape stalks and then pulled a face at the taste.
"There's no one else. Natasha would eat me alive and me and Sam are just friends. Promise," Steve murmured. "And if you hadn't noticed already, I'm terrible at flirting. I don't flirt at all, usually. You're a lot of firsts for me- including sex. Which I will keep stressing. You're the first person who’s ever been inside of me. The only other... other romance I had was with a woman named Peggy Carter."
Steve was obviously uncomfortable at the idea. He didn't like it. He felt bad for DeSoto and he felt bad for Tony for having to do it- he knew the other wouldn't enjoy it. He sighed and looked away, running a hand over his face. Did this make them as bad as the alphas here? Steve didn't think so, but that didn't mean it sat well with him either. He finally looked back up at Tony, his expression a trusting one.
"But what are the chances, Steve?  You got lucky, you were frozen, but your-- your friend.  He was declared dead.  1944.  I mean, the-- the Smithsonian-- he got all those medals, post-mortem...."  Tony stopped talking.  He could smell Steve's discomfort.
"He means with our lives," Twelve said impatiently. "Not our evening plans." And suddenly all eyes were on Steve again.
"It doesn't have to be okay," Steve whispered. "You're allowed to be upset about it Tony. Just don't push me away over it."
Aria saw Tony looking a little lost with the baby and took pity on him. She walked over with her tablet and thrust it at him. "Here. Swap," she said. She took the baby with well-practiced ease. "I'm an auntie to twins," she explained simply and then nodded at the tablet. "Watch it. Then you might get what's going on here."
He kicked a small piece of ceramic, feeling on edge again; his hand reached out automatically and groped for Steve's.  Finding it, he squeezed, hard.
would Tony want him? He was a mindless, delusional omega with absolutely no spunk. And Steve liked to think he was quite good at sex, and (again the childish part of him) couldn't imagine someone like DeSoto being especially good at it. Tony liked personality, gumption; what fun would sex be if the Alpha did everything and the omega just lay there and took it? Tony loved it when Steve rode him or sucked him off. Steve could hold his breath for two minutes; could
Pietro was walking down the street, hands in his pockets, holding two coffees, when an Alpha walked past him the other way.  They knocked shoulders, hard; Pietro stumbled and accidentally stepped into the gutter, dropping one of the paper cups.
"Oh, Steve," said Tony with a small roll of his eyes, clearly amused by Steve's naivete.  "This is the
He and Steve helped each other into the shower.  The sheets were clearly ruined; they had had to be replaced after their last heat, and this time was no different.  Tony opened the door to the balcony so they could get some air; they ended up fucking on the floor moments later. But they were both more lucid than they had been for days.
that.  Jarvis was special, irreplaceable.  Steve had bullied his way into the position of Tony's assistant and now he was acting like he'd been there forever.  Tony knew very little about him and he didn't trust him.  Tony had learned the hard way that you couldn't ever really trust anyone, ever.  He'd known Stane for thirty years, had trusted him, and look at what had happened.
"...I'm with SHIELD," he explained.  "We're supposed to have surveillance on the two of them at all times, until we can determine the level at which Rogers has been compromised.  Of course, I said to Fury, I don't plan on surveying the guy while he's with his mate. But I gotta be here, protect the perimeter, stay within hollering distance."  He shrugged a little, almost apologetically.
"Okay, okay, okay," said Tony quickly, snatching the shirt from Steve and wrestling it onto himself.  "Now gimme my kiss. Rhodes, wanna see what I'm working on downstairs? I have this idea for self-assembling--"
"No.  You shouldn't have.  But we can't go back in time so let's focus on finding him," said Natasha brusquely.
He was drawing a tree, the leaves stretching up across the white ceiling. He drew a moth on top one of them that was so vivid it almost looked real.
He came home at six AM, a splint on his thumb and two fingers.  He tip-toed up the stairs from the shop, although he knew this was ridiculous since Steve a) had super-hearing, b) was probably already up and aware Tony hadn't come to bed, c) would find out about the broken fingers soon enough anyway.
"And that's exactly why I had to come out. Because everyone assumed," Steve said quietly as he poured hot water over coffee grounds in a cafetière. The hot water pooled at the bottom and chocolate coloured water bloomed within it. "I want people to know that stereotypes are sometimes wrong. That an omega can do anything, can lead if they want to.  Fury says I started a mess...but I'm not sure I could live with myself if I kept hidden," Steve admitted quietly as he slid his cup over. "I can't help but think what would happen if I'd been open in the forties? Everyone told me not to make a fuss but...what if I'd made a difference? I'll never know now, but-" he shrugged. "If an Alpha tells me to stay quiet, I won't listen to them anymore. I'm sick of doing things other people's way- I want to see what I can do on my own, for once."
"Nice to speak to you too," Maria replied dryly, having heard Tony swear. She sounded tired, like she hadn't slept since they'd taken in Wanda and Pietro. "Steve, there's something I should tell you. Phil wasn't sure but..."
"I am sure Lancelot will like you well enough once he gets to know you. You gave him no chance to get acquainted before you beat him in battle."
"YOU HAVE DISPLEASED ME. I AM CLAIMING THIS WOMAN AS MY SERVANT AND TAKING HER TO CASTLE AAARGH." Tony made a half turn and aimed a repulsor at the heavy oak doors of the village church. Burning a hole through the one on the right, he proclaimed: "LET IT BE KNOWN FAR AND WIDE THAT I WILL NOT TOLERATE ANY MORE WITCHES TO BE BURNED AT THE STAKE. DEFY ME AND YOU WILL KNOW MY WRATH." With that, he burned a pentagram into the door on the left and took off for his castle, witch and all.
"Let me put it this way: Does anyone involved in this trust fund have the slightest notion of the results of these expeditions? Even if only how much metaphorical ground we have covered? I would imagine in 70 years we have explored quite a bit of ocean floor. Who decides where to look next?"
"Okay JARVIS, you can shut the hell up now, that was quite enough." Tony wasn't in the mood to put up with this. He pushed the goggles up onto his forehead and studied the man standing in his workshop from his vantage point near the floor. Steve was looking around at all the half finished projects with awe. His hair had grown out since the trial. His stance was relaxed in a way Tony had not seen before, duffel bag slung over one shoulder, other arm curled around a motorcycle helmet. His white T-shirt stretched around his biceps and his jeans were soft and worn looking. Feeling at a distinct disadvantage, Tony scrambled off his knees.
As he busied himself with showing Steve the miracles of convection ovens and microwaves as they related to reheating a selection of premium breakfast foods, he reminded himself that he might want to eventually make it clear to Pepper that he wasn't actually fucking Steve. He should probably also let Steve know, discreetly, that Pepper was currently under the impression that they were fucking, but then again... Who was he kidding? There was no way in hell he was broaching that subject with Captain America. There was a point in every man's life where he realized that sometimes living with people's assumptions was less painful and embarrassing than explaining the truth, and this was clearly that point.
"I can help with that. I can put them down with the staple gun and you'll have all the time in the world to incapacitate them. I mean, 5 minutes should do it, right?"
"I made you fucking cry, Steve! Of course I did something wrong!" Tony felt like his skin was a size too small and tried to outpace it. Looking everywhere but at Steve, really not ready for whatever expression he might find on Steve's face. "Just let me fucking apologize, okay?"
Natasha flounced over. “Are we getting off the ice? We have more stuff to do.” She looked curiously between Steve and Tony. “What are you guys talking about?”
Steve still looked like he wanted to run, so Tony picked up his duffel bag. That needed a wash too. Tony strongly suspected Steve would have grabbed the bag from him if he hadn’t had his hands full of kittens. He slowly started walking towards his front door and Steve seemed to have figured out that he had little choice but to follow.
"You caused major collateral damage and terrified an entire village. If you'd secured the school first then they couldn't have holed up in there and taken that class of kids hostage." He gestured to an array of monitors that were displaying all possible angles of the village Tony had just left. Steve and JARVIS had been busy while he was gone.
“Yes, I’m clean. Fas as I know. It’s not like I’ve been tested recently, but that’s the one educational video the army has updated. How to not get AIDS in a fucking whore house. Everything else is still stuck in the fifties. How to brush your teeth. How to wipe your ass. So I make sure the first thing I buy after a job is a new condom to use with the next guy.”
Steve ran his fingers along the grooves of an exposed bicep, half aware of Tony's sweatpants before shrugged off...somewhere. He curled his legs around Tony's waist as his mate moved closer, basking and purring in content at the other's warmth. Steve nuzzled against his jaw.
"That would be great, if we could find a supplier.  But human trafficking is ironically hard to traffic," said Brent, crossing his arms.  "We need a source."
Steve dressed in dark skinny jeans and a dark blue shirt with a black waistcoat on top. It was stylish but understated, nothing too flashy. He pushed a little product into his hair to keep it out of his eyes before he headed downstairs to find a stressed out-looking Pepper pointing men with bottles in certain directions. It was eight, and the guests were due to arrive in an hour, and Pepper looked like it.
want it repeated.  If you understand, then we can pretend this never happened and let it go, okay?  But Tony, Steve deserves better than that. He's a friend to me, as much as you are, and I'm not going to sit idly by and watch you break his heart because you think you can get away with it."
"I'll pass, thanks."  Pepper, as usual, was completely unfazed by Tony's flirting.  She rose, her attention already drawn to her Blackberry.
Re-watching it, he could see it from Pepper's point of view.  It was a sad movie, a modern tragedy.  It occurred to Tony how close he had come to being that character.  Until his experience in Afghanistan, he had operated amorally, obsessed with making bombs that were bigger and better and had more stopping power; he cared about money and how many women he could bag at a single conference.  Afghanistan had radically shifted his world view.  In a way, he supposed he was glad.  It had been the worst experience of his life but it had opened a million doors for him, broadened his world view, changed him for the better.  And now that he had Steve, he felt like he might finally be able to achieve the kind of fulfillment that Tony Montana never could.
"Yeah.  Bingo," said Tony quietly, ripping the box off the wall in a tangle of wires.  "...basic RFID. This is sad. Their security system is about as good as a Holiday Inn."  He plunged his hands into the wall, playing with the electronics.
"Yeah, you know, like, teaching Alphas how to... do their thing."  She shrugged a little. "It's not glamorous but I get everything taken care of for me so that's nice, I guess."
"They want him to do the modeling gig with this female plus-size actress and a skinny guy who's an athlete swimmer, I think. All big omega names. It's about challenging physical omega stereotypes," Aria said, tapping away on her tablet without looking. "I think it's worth considering."
Tony looked down, not able to meet the laser-like focus of Steve's bright blue eyes.  "I'm happy when you're happy, too. It's like a happiness
Natasha rolled her eyes at the exercise.  Tony seemed to just be saying random words that started with the same letter as Steve's name, but Sam seemed intensely invested in prying something out of him.
(Tony liked math.)  (And fucking.)  (He had the grace not to explain his complicated "To-Screw" List scoring system to Steve at the moment.)
"My point, Captain-- I'm being very long-winded here-- my point is that you already owe me.  If you had called yesterday, I might have asked you to abandon Project 84, to leave my schools alone, to leave Trickshot alone... again, we've already been very lenient with you, and also have let Barnes live, which was very generous of us... but really, at this point, you have no leverage at all over me.  I only want my Donny back. I understand you and he are cousins? ...Donny makes a lot of Alphas happy, Steven. And despite all the talents you have, thanks to the ingenuity of the Erskine and Stark, there remains one thing you are clearly incapable of, which is knowing your place. Donny, unlike you, will always kneel."
"You've had dreams about him before, no? Like you said. You saw him outside the house. Are you sure you didn't dream again?" Sitwell pressed and Steve paused in thought. He thought hard and long, racking his brain. But there was nothing. No dream that he could remember.
Tom, who was both camp and over enthusiastic in mannerisms, shooed at him. "Go! Shower; we need you squeaky clean."
"They kept me in quarantine for a month. I basically lost it, yeah. I was furious with them," Steve whispered after a moment of quiet. "They wouldn't give access to the internet, or news. The... the first day, they tried to get me to think it was the forties at first but they were stupid enough to play a match through the radio that I'd already listened to. They thought that if I knew what had happened all at once...that I'd go mad. That would be it. But I don't think locking me away from the world helped much, either.  After a month on base, with everything being spoon-fed to be, I was goin' crazy.  They told me Peggy had made SHIELD. But Peggy would never have done that to me," he added softly, words half lost in Tony's shirt.  "Then they introduced me to Natasha and Clint. They started my training, got me back into a routine, and Phil slowly introduced me to the world. He essentially gave me history lessons and started bringing me newspapers. A month and a half in they gave me access to the internet- just through a tablet. But it meant I could research what I wanted...it was a slow process. When I heard about the omega rights- it didn't sound real. Everyone was talking to me like I was a person. I mean, sure the Howling Commandos had been progressive for the time- I wasn't the only 'mega on the team. But this world, it's on a whole new level.  I think cried, actually," Steve admitted as he remembered. "When Phil told me everything...how much had changed. I just couldn't believe it.  I'm just grateful to be alive, really. I was very lucky." Steve loosened his grip in Tony's shirt when he realised he might be ruining it. "And I know that some guy is Luke's father, or something? I think I saw a meme about it. Is that what they're called?"
Tony shook himself out of his musings and went back to work, trying not to watch Steve's muscles rippling under his shirt as he slammed the shield prototype through plaster.
Why hadn't Iron Man been there?  Why the fuck hadn't he realized what Steve was going through?  He had spent all day drinking and dicking around.
He hovered over the bed, over Steve's sweet sleeping form, for several seconds before tearing himself away.  He wanted to stand there, hovering, all night.  But that was insane.  Steve hardly needed someone to guard him.
He walked back into the kitchen to find Steve running his head under the sink, clearing overheating.  In the living room, several people were arguing over where to put the lighting.
... and one that was labeled, in a delicate, timid, tiny hand that begged not to be noticed, "Cousin Steve."
"Okay, kids," said Pepper wearily as they pulled up to the house.  "It's..." She checked her watch. "...past three in the morning. Time to go home.  Steve, remember, you're meeting with Clint tomorrow."
They walked into the ER together, Tony practically on top of Steve the whole way, linked arm-in-arm, bristling.  Tony, if he had been in his right mind, would have thought they all looked crazy: Steve being enormous and sniffly, Donner hugely pregnant, Mackenzie in all-black op gear, and Tony in his bright yellow sweater, hackles spiked.
With Steve's heightened smell, he had already noticed that the woman was not, in fact, a aeta straight away. He felt sick. The fact they had them working here in this school, after what they'd put the omegas through... it made Steve feel angry. So angry he felt it in his bones. His hands flexed by his sides.
"Hey Stevie.  Great interview.  Loved the pictures," said Tony cheerfully, wrapping an arm around his waist.  He tried to pull Steve over but ended up pulling himself against Steve instead; Steve was heavy and built like a brick wall, and Tony couldn't really tug him around like he was used to doing with his girls.  "Pizza?" he offered, gesturing to the Domino's box on the coffee table, half-buried in orchids.
"I'd say about a hundred and ten percent," Natasha said; she pocketed her pistol and pulled out a stun gun. "But I'll play nice." Her eyes glinted as she clicked the safety off and turned the stun gun on. "...as long as he does."
There was something about the way that Tony called him ‘baby’ that made Steve's heart skip a beat. He realised they'd suddenly pressed closed together, or rather he'd hidden his face in Tony's chest. The awkwardness from before had seemingly dissipated. Steve swallowed.
He sank up and down a few times before he pulled off again. "Stay," he told Tony and then disappeared from above him.
"Well, I'll believe it when I see it," said Stone with a frown.  "That network isn't particularly known for being progressive, and Tommy says that--"
Tony smiled sleepily.  "...how did Captain America end up with toys?"  He assumed Steve meant dildos. Tony had a wide variety of toys at his disposal, as well.  After all, he was rich and led an opulent lifestyle. But many of his toys-- the floggers, the handcuffs-- had lost their appeal after Afghanistan.
"Don't let Ryan hear that," said Banksy, giving his arm a friendly slap  "Steve-- can I call you Steve-- I do know you've busy with a lot of other projects right now... you're doing some big work for omega civil rights?" he prompted.
"I already reported it.  You've got an eight-man security detail on your room, and Rogers is safe.  He's in a SHIELD convoy right now, on his way to the airport.  Just enjoy the morphine, boss.  Everything's under control."
Steve was getting blood all over everything.  Tony hadn't realized how hard he'd been biting down.  This bite was nothing like the gentle mating bite he'd made when they'd bonded.  This was real, savage. Tony couldn't stop staring at it. He'd thought only morons went feral, and assumed that his intelligence made him immune to it.  Apparently not.
A little shiver ran down Steve's spine when Tony's fingers moved through his hair again. Steve smiled subtly, almost shyly. He moved in the water to tread water between Tony's legs so he could still talk to him and keep eye contact. "I don't think it will be like that, a drum circle. I think you should give a shot. Just one session?  For me?" Steve asked, sounding as sweet as ever.
Steve's eyes narrowed. "Anyone could hand Waffle's ass to him. He's a kid," he stated flatly. DeSoto had the decency to look a little uncomfortable when he said that. "'
have more to select from, if none of these appeal to either of you," jumped in Lydia, who seemed a bit miffed that none of the collars had jumped out to Tony or Steve.  "And if there's elements you like on different pieces, we can always craft something from scratch. These are all one-of-a-kind, signature pieces, but we could easily make anything you could imagine."
"I..." Steve pressed his lips together. His frown hadn't gone away. "I don't think I can see," he whispered.  "He dropped me.  He dropped me and I'm dead."
"We wouldn't be running the same simulation as before, which was battle orientated." Richards tried to explain, his hand gestures everywhere. "This would be a case of letting your subconscious doing the exploring for us. We re-run the memory of the Winter Soldier and we see what comes up. If there's nothing, or the same as before, then the cause for concern is greatly reduced."
Tony reached over with his free hand, caressing Steve's face while he suckled at Tony's fingers.  "Who's my good omega?" he cooed softly. "That's it, good boy... you're doing great, you're pleasing your Alpha... you're such a sweet, obedient omega, I'm so proud of you," he said.  He was willing to admit already that he was in over his head.
Tony glanced back toward the pool, at the blonde hovering under the sparkling blue surface of the water.
The drink made Tony fall asleep quickly that night. Steve took him up to bed then came back downstairs to chat with Aria about jobs that had come up. She had offered to arrange for the omega rights people to come up on New Year's Eve. They wouldn't pass up a chance to attend an infamous Stark party and Steve was sure that they could find plenty of time to chat, especially when everyone was staying till at least midnight. Then if more serious talks needed to follow they would follow.
it sounds crazy, but..." The wound on her stomach made it all the more real. It was a shot that could have killed her. The fact that Natasha had seen the Winter Soldier and hadn't mentioned it before was troubling though.  What else wasn't she telling him? Steve frowned.  "I
Steve's breath hitched softly when Tony spread his legs. The shorts were tight against his thighs and would effectively keep in him place. He swallowed.
Nonetheless, he wasn't thrilled with being stuck here.  He felt strange, strange in a way he couldn't identify.  Whatever thing he'd been chasing, he'd caught it.  He felt satisfied with himself for getting it.  But what "it" was and what he was supposed to do with "it" were still not clear to him.  He felt a brief, stabbing annoyance at his father.  This was Howard's fault for never sitting Tony down and explaining how the hell omegas worked.  Tony would have never guessed sex with an omega (one that wasn't on suppressants) would make him feel like this.
"It's not a good time for you either," Gleason pointed out. "And they're dead. You, however, are very much still alive."
Buck blinked.  Wait a second.  Who the fuck was Pepper?  And why couldn't he even remember his own omega's name?  What the fuck.
- I'm starving. tell them you can't Avenge anymore.  Fury was spying on you.  Forget him.  He's history.  ...are you really going out with them?  ...Steve?"
But that was beside the point. If Bucky was out there, hurting somewhere...and Steve had done nothing... and he'd left him alone dying in the snow... screw being a terrible mate, that made him a terrible
Steve sat up and thought about it for a moment, looking between a pouting Tony and an expectant Pepper. "I mean, the revolving place sounds pretty cool," he said.
Steve moved to put the collar keys in his waistcoat pocket where they would be safe, then shrugged off his jacket. "There, happy now?" he said and the woman at the desk just moved to write something down. He sighed internally. This was going to be a very long weekend.
"Probably only a myth," said Pietro dismissively.  "Once Stark is dead, we should return to Sokovia."
Tony laughed at Steve's horror.  "Oh, that's nothing.  I bet at least half of this stuff is from total whackos.  It always is.  ...look, the Kennedys sent us an orchid, that's nice...
It had never occurred to him that documents he'd signed back in the forties would still have any bearing in the 21st century.
He got goosebumps and chased the thought away.  He was better than that.  Like Steve said, fuck biology.
"I'm tired and I want to be in bed already," Steve said and opened the car door. "Thanks for the ride, kid."
"I should leave. Do you want me to leave, Steve?" Phil asked, watching Tony tentatively like a rabbit might a fox. Tony definitely wanted Steve, no doubt about it, but Phil didn't especially want to see
Steve was sure the drink was helping, but he wasn't all that fond of Fred at the moment. The only person he could imagine keeping in contact with was Hal to be honest. He'd like to keep in touch with more of them but... aside from the conference, he wasn't really sure what he would ever have to talk about with these sorts of people.
"Ah-ah-ah-ah!" protested Tony, scruffing Steve's neck.  "No running... you gotta come downstairs. Remember? Interview?  Come on..." He was already hardening again. He hoped that the interviewers were betas, otherwise it was going to look like a fucking Renn faire, what with all the swords and tents.
"You know... people in the forties used to punish their Omegas when they disobeyed them," said Steve softly as an episode ended and the credits rolled.
"I think we should do a scan," Natasha suggested quietly. "To search for...scar tissues that might have survived the whole serum process.  Scar tissues that might be below the surface, that we can't see.  If they're there, then we'll need to start looking for him.  Because the only way for him to have shown up like that would be if he was alive."
But instead of commenting, she'd said, "I talked to Aria.  You and Steve need to give a quick soundbite.  Nothing fancy, nothing special.  It can be from home.  People are scared.  Just show them you're okay, say that you dealt with the situation, and that everything is under control."
"Captain Rogers, we haven't formally met yet. My name is Alexander Pierce. I hope you've heard about me from SHIELD," he greeted him and held out a hand. He was a bonded Alpha of medium dominance. Steve knew his name too; he was someone Fury actually answered to occasionally. Steve took the offered hand and shook it firmly.
"Yes, after they're bonded.  This is Vixen," he said, gesturing toward an omega who was holding his program and drink for him, standing rigidly, eyes unfocused.  Like a mannequin.
. That's how they work. Get the results and let me know if I have to get in touch with SHIELD doctors or not. And you don't have to make the decision straight away."
The mark on Steve's neck had healed over into two distinctive, shiny pink scars that looked, to Tony's untrained eye, quite healthy.  One of the ovals was familiar, his own bonding mark, the grooves inviting him to sink his teeth in. The other slightly overlapping mark was Bucky's.  Yet... his was there. Unmistakably, it was there again, like it had never been screwed up.
Before he even finished speaking, she watched in awe as he shot some kind of rope from his hand and used it to pull himself off the ground and swing away and out of sight.
“Anyway,” Helen called out, “now that the birthday girl is ready to grace us with her presence again. Who wants cake?”
“But no one knows I’m your kid,” Rori said, “at least not until I step out of a chauffeur driven town car on my first day.”
Aurora stepped into her father’s workshop a few days after returning from London, kindly asking JARVIS to turn down the deafeningly loud music. Tony head snapped up from the project he was absorbed in, his eyes meeting with his daughters across the workshop.
“It’s a little overwhelming right now but I think I will after I have a chance to get used to it all.”
“And I thought I explained that we need to go bigger than a YouTube video for your first single,” he said, his tone exasperated.
By the time the end credits began to roll, Aurora was asleep with her face pressed against Tony’s shoulder, his arm wrapped tightly around her shoulders. His shirt was damp from the tears she had silently shed about halfway through the film but now she slept peacefully. Steve gently pulled her up into his arms, carrying her to bed and tucking her in.
When Steve woke up in the pre-dawn light, he was alone in the bed. Lifting his head, he could see Tony standing in the kitchenette bent over one of his projects. Tony's lounge pants were slung low on his hips and Steve was struck again with the realization that the man was beautiful and that he wanted him. He felt a tendril of possessiveness unfurl and that probably wasn't a good thing. Falling into bed with Tony yesterday, after having resolved he wasn't going to, probably hadn't been smart either. But that ship had sailed and try as he might he could not feel sorry about it in the least. Quite the opposite, really. He'd just have to deal with the loss when it came. For now, he wasn't going to pass up anything that Tony offered. They had another couple of days, if Hydra didn't interfere. And talking about Hydra....
“Okay. Not much further west you can go.” They had reached the front door and Tony started digging for his key. “Couple dozen miles and you’ll hit the North Sea. You could head south a bit to Hoek van Holland and catch the ferry to Britain. That what you’re planning to do?”
We can't go out the way we came, there's too many, you're going to have to fly us up to the helipad!" Clint broke through his reverie.
"Tony..." It was a whisper that he could feel more than hear, even with the com unit, even through his armor. And Tony couldn't deal with that. He just couldn't. He closed his eyes as he blasted off towards the quinjet.
"Tony! You're cold! I'm so sorry for dawdling. Here, take my jacket." He started shrugging out of it. Tony elbowed him.
"I can't imagine either Del or Corbin wearing any of this," said Steve, "I suppose that is the point?"
“Your country needs you on this cruise ship right now, captain.” Fury managed to say it with a straight face, which only went to show that Tony really didn't merit Fury's best efforts on any given day, because the man never bothered to hide his subtle gloating when he was ordering Tony around. “Your superiors assured us you are the best man for the job and I am convinced we can turn you into a believable Del Porter.” He called up an image on the projected monitor and Tony blinked twice and swallowed hard. Del was maybe a couple of inches shorter than Captain Built and Blond, but their physiques were similar. It was the differences that screamed for attention here though. As opposed to the straight laced man beside him, whose solemn presence generated an aura of control and one that demanded respect, Del was a bleached blond, spray tanned, manscaped and bedazzled fashion victim. And clearly a giant poof.
"Yeah," Tony nodded again, "Then you don't have to worry about not worrying the people who care about you and you don't have to keep up appearances. I get it."
And Steve was taking Bors and Percival and getting the hell out of here to find Tony. This was done and over and delegated and he could not help but feel that he was running out of time somehow. He needed to find Tony. And more importantly, he
“Come on, then.” Tony jerked his chin in the direction of home and started walking. Steve fell into step next to him.
Walking back home long after midnight, Tony’s heart felt full to bursting. The afterglow of spending the evening with friends, the warm summer night and the moonlit streets were enough to cause that, but when Steve’s fingers wove themselves in between his own, he couldn’t remember ever being this happy.
Tony closed his eyes against the look of pure wretchedness on Steve’s face. He had sworn to himself that he’d play it cool, that Rhodes didn’t need to know. Just in case the man turned out to be a prejudiced prick. He could hire someone else, of course, but Rhodes was rumored to be the best.
"The fuck is he doing fighting calamari without any stuff? Jesus, Steve...." Tony muttered as he worked on getting all the luggage attached to the Mark VIII.
"If he dies before his soul is properly tarnished by whatever impure thoughts that smoke is planting in his brain, I'll bet you're not going to get it. I'll bet the other side gets his soul then. The side with the angels and such. So if I kill him now, I would technically be saving his soul. By not killing him, his soul is mine to bargain with."
“Stark, behave. Try not to antagonize your partner before we even start. Rogers, please take a seat.”
"Oddly, you speak the truth. Yet I am not stupid enough to give up the blond one's soul just to spite that sniveling twat."
It had been hell getting Clint through the crowded ballroom without causing a riot. True, there had been some beefy guys in black entering through the doors in the back who were obviously searching for someone, but they hadn't spotted Tony yet and shooting arrows across a crowded room was just going to be asking for a stampede of panicked party goers, even if you were the best marksman in the world and you hit the right person. He also had to persuade Clint
“Are you kidding me? Yes, there is! Unless you want to be accused of kidnapping him, or brainwashing him or whatever the hell you did to him to get him to go along with the bodyguard scam. Tony, I can’t believe you didn’t tell me. You let me believe you had hired an escort as your bodyguard!”
In the end, Tony wrapped himself deliberately in the whips, praying nothing would short circuit, immobilizing Whiplash unless he chose to let go, which he didn't, and that gave Steve the opportunity to pound the guy into a pulp. They stood over his unmoving body for several seconds, both breathing warily, waiting to see if he would twitch. Tony rolled him over with his boot. Broken neck. Good thing this asshole wouldn’t be bothering them again, but bad that he couldn’t ask him any questions. He reached down and ripped the chestplate with the broken arc reactor of the guys chest. That was the moment the reporters had apparently figured it was plenty safe now and a whole herd of them came charging through one of the gates, ignoring any and all security personnel that were trying to hold them back. Steve looked at Tony, a flash of panic in his eyes.
. All of a sudden Steve was there in his path and Tony almost ran into him, because he had been staring at the floor while he paced. Steve placed both his hands on Tony's face and forced him to look up. He was looking exasperated. Not good.
Tony got back to his redesign of the thrusters, but he'd lost the flow somehow. Something wasn't adding up in one of the circuit designs but he couldn't pin down what it was. He'd been staring at the damn thing for minutes, but it kept eluding him. He tapped his lip with his index finger.
Rhodey's face changed. He was having quite an expressive day today. The silence stretched uncomfortably while Rhodey stared at him and Tony was just about unleash some face saving sarcasm, when Rhodey spoke.
He could tell the double doors to Tony’s place were warded to the teeth before he’d even gotten close to them. Right. A simple
"There, you fucktards! Mistletoe! Steve, for the love of god, just kiss him and put us all out of our misery." Tony's eyes whipped back to Steve, mouth agape. Steve was blushing furiously and looking anywhere but at Tony.
“Which is weird. I like the real Bruce just fine and vice versa. I think so, anyway. Maybe I should check that though. For science.” He shot Steve a menacing look, daring him to suggest that Tony was being needy and Steve raised both hands defensively. Tony stood up and walked over to a mirror that had miraculously escaped unscathed. He called Bruce’s name and a few seconds later the other Ravenclaw appeared and exclaimed at the mess in the workshop. Steve listened in as Tony rapidly explained what happened, but lost interest when the two boys started yammering advanced arithmancy at each other. Jarvis joined them through a portrait next to the mirror and seemed to be taking notes.  Steve wondered if he should just go now. Tony was fine and didn’t need him anymore, after all. His head jerked up, though, when he heard Bruce raise his voice.
When Tony next woke up it was full night. Usually he slept like the dead when drunk, at least for the first 4 hours or so, but he could tell he had not been asleep that long. What...? Oh. Steve was next to him in the bed and he was making noises. Familiar noises and not the good kind. Tony looked over to his right. Steve was curled into a fetal position with his back toward Tony and he was shivering. The room was warm and Steve radiated heat. Fever? No. Nightmare. Tony had gained a healthy respect for nightmares ever since he'd been forced to become Iron Man. Fuckers were nasty. At the tower he'd programmed JARVIS to wake him up every time he showed signs of having one. Waking up to a gong beat being trapped in that shit any time. He tried saying Steve's name. Nothing but more heartbreaking whimpers and more shivering. Louder didn't work either. So he finally tried shaking him awake. Steve flailed and almost caught him on the nose when he flew upright, panting.
“More like I should pound my chest and go ‘Me Tarzan, you Steve.’” He let out a proper jungle yell and on the other side of the wall, The Pixies got louder. “Bruce is going to kill me.” he said as he collapsed next to Steve, who was still shaking with mirth.
“Tell me,” she said in between short upward strokes, “why do you let your hair get this bad, but you are always clean shaven?”
He put an exploding car between himself and the Whiplash guy, but while Tony ended up with singed hair and a cut across his eyebrow that immediately started bleeding like a motherfucker, it didn't faze the guy. He wasn't fast, but he was persistent and the whips more than made up for his lack of agility. Tony was out of ideas and he was rapidly running out of wreckage parts large enough to hide behind, with the way the whips kept slicing off pieces.
He came in from behind the crowd to see what had these people so riled up. They were so busy shouting they didn't even hear the music. A disheveled, crying woman had been tied to a stake with a stack of branches at her feet. She had cuts and bruises in multiple places. Several people in the front of the mob were holding burning torches. Tony's eyes went wide. What the hell... A witch burning? For real? Then he shook his head. Of course, for real. People would be burning witches for centuries to come, on various continents. But not on his watch.
The next day is Saturday and the goats are still there. Steve watches them silently while he drinks his morning coffee, Gwenna laying by his feet. None of the goats are close, so she doesn't feel the need to defend her house. It is kind of peaceful to watch the animals' aimless wandering as they search out the next shrub to eat. There is a cluster of them a couple hundred yards away, around what looks to be the beat up kiddie pool Steve spotted yesterday. Apparently that is how they get their water. He thinks he sees a tan man with black hair on the other side of the cluster, but the goats kind of block the view.
"I know," Steve said quietly, "I wanted to go alone. We've had a lot of company and it's been wonderful, but it was good to have a break." He took another sip of milk, then added in a softer voice: "Sometimes it is better to face your ghosts alone. Or at least surrounded by strangers who don't know your story or what you've lost."
a place. The Brooklyn where he'd grown up, where he'd roamed the streets with Bucky, on the days he hadn't been so sick he'd had to stay home. His bedroom with the damp ceilings. The old comics that had entertained him when he couldn't go out. The ballgames they'd played on the streets when he could. A time and a place when everyone he loved had still been alive, including his mom.
“I tried to tell him that you wouldn’t be flying witnesses out here and such for his sake if you had moved on, but he seems to think you’re just that kind a person.”
The generator comes on again that evening. Steve stands by his window for a long time, his forehead resting against the glass, watching the trailer. It is one of those early September evenings that are more sultry than anything they ever have during summer vacation, when the mornings are cold with the fog rolling in from the bay and the afternoons struggle to break free of that marine layer. Right around the time school starts back up is when the Bay Area weather remembers it is supposed to be summer and starts producing triple digit days and overly warm evenings. Goat Man can't possibly have air conditioning and Steve imagines he must have a number of fans going full blast inside that poorly insulated tin can. The curtains are fluttering again and tinny radio music spills out the opened windows together with that same golden lamplight from the night before. The music is something with guitars and Steve is vaguely surprised the man isn't listening to one of the Mariachi stations that are a dime a dozen in the Central Valley, about an hour east of them. Most of those compete quite ferociously with all the San Francisco alt-rock stations. There is one corner, out by the refinery, where KFOG always gets drowned out for a minute by rapid Spanish commentary on his way to the grocery store.
"I thought you were going to die, you asshole," Steve whispered, "I just knew I would be too late." He sounded broken.
"No, it's the same! Like with you. You haven't had sex, so would you feel more comfortable being in charge when in bed with someone or would you be glad if someone told you exactly what to do?"
"We don't know that they are witches for sure." Steve tried to sound reasonable. "They also said the demon was thirty foot long and he isn't even any bigger than me. And he's not a demon."
He glances at the clock. It's almost six pm, it's a valid question. It's just that he hasn't figured on cooking for the guy. But it's not like he can fix himself dinner and let Tony just watch him eat. That would be worse.
"It is going to take a while to file that case and it probably won't be treated as urgently as this one was. It could be a few months before we need you to testify." She looked at Steve, who had no idea what to say, what to do, and a softer expression came over her face. "In the meantime, Nick Fury of SHIELD has a proposal for you, I believe. There is car waiting for you downstairs if you'd like to go talk to him now." Steve nodded and shook her hand before he started down the stairs.
Really, the attracted to men bit wasn't like a clap of thunder in a cloudless sky. He had never been particularly drawn to women and a big part of the reason he'd been attracted to Peggy was her mean right hook and her ability to clear out a room full of Nazis with a machine gun. Which probably wasn't what most other men looked for in a woman, on the whole. And if he was very, very honest, if Bucky had offered, back in the day, he was sure he wouldn't have said no. He might have given the whole sexuality thing more thought while growing up if he'd been born 70 years later, but he wasn't, so he hadn't.
Eventually Thistlethwaite huffed and got out his wand and Tony slapped Steve on the shoulder and said he’d go see Pepper and be back directly.
"Dr Banner is still here, Sir. He didn't feel comfortable going out into a crowd. He promised to cook dinner though, for when they came back."
“I started walking. I don’t know what I was thinking. I wasn’t thinking. I just walked away. And kept on walking. Someone gave me a ride. And then someone else. And I kept going. I didn’t know what else to do. And as long as I was just trying to survive, I didn’t have to
He opened his mouth to say no anyway, but Tony had already sensed his victory. He slapped Steve on the back and yanked him out the door.
"I think so," said Tony, "And since we have no guarantee that Hydra is not hostile towards the Porters too, I kind of hope he is there tonight because it would mean fewer people that want us dead."
"To my last breath," swore Steve, hitting a screaming woman in the chest with his shield. He looked around him for a way out of this mess, but the castle gate was closed behind them and he couldn't see himself climbing the walls holding Tony. He was strong, but he wasn't the Hulk. He spotted a small figure on top of the battlements and wondered if maybe they could lower a rope. Opening the gates with this mob outside was out of the question, but Steve and Percival wouldn't be able to hold out against them forever either.
Howard turned into Pepper. She looked peeved, but oddly fragile with Thor's big hand on her neck, which made her more bearably fake, because she'd never looked fragile to Tony.
In retrospect, Tony should not have let Pepper book his vacation, when she was clearly still upset by the whole 'I am Iron Man' thing. He'd
Which left Tony with really no other alternative than to go check out the motherfucking cookies. He threw down the screwdriver with a few choice curse words and stalked to the elevator.
The catacombs were indeed a little creepy with all their empty berths (and the occasional bone fragment), but also utterly fascinating. The frescoes were amazing and it blew Steve's mind to see art this old outside of an art-history textbook. But the place was also a maze and he realized that Tony had been right, this was a prime kidnapping spot. Many corridors that were not part of the the tour were closed off by metal gates, but gates had keys and there were so many nooks and crannies to lay low in until the group had wandered off that Hydra would be stupid not to try anything here. Maybe there were even other exits. Apparently there were 9 miles worth of tunnels on three levels and only half a mile was open to the public.
Aurora was sitting in the living room, binge watching Community with Thor and Bucky and turned in her seat as the elevator doors open and Mark walked out. “Hey Mark,” she greeted happily. “Sorry boys,” she added, turning back to Thor and Bucky, “Gonna have to bale on you. Fill me in when I get back.” She got up from the sofa and walked over to Mark who pulled her in for a hug. After the hug, they walked down the hall towards a sitting room far enough away from the living room to offer the pair some privacy.
“Please don’t,” she begged helplessly, raising her left hand in front of her as if it could shield her from what came next.
By the time Tony finished his confession, Aurora was crying, and she leant forward so that he could wrap his arms around her and hold her tightly against him.
“You deserve all of this love,” Harry told her, hugging her tight against him, her cheek cushioned against his chest as they both watched the guests wander around the space, taking in the art on the wall. “You’re incredible,” he whispered.
Aurora looked up from her plate, glancing around the table to see everyone’s eyes on her, expectant. “Uhhhh,” she mumbled. “I just wanted to talk to you all at the same time, so I didn’t have to repeat myself.”
“Oh,” Rori said, falling silent as her eyes grew warm, touched beyond explanation by how much care and sympathy was wrapped up in this simple gesture.
“It’s going to be a hit,” he told her once the last canvas was hanging in its place. “Everyone is going to love it.”
“Now Pops and I were in the middle of a very fancy celebratory dinner with the lads so I’m going to hang up the phone now and we’re gonna go back to that. I’m sure Pops will call you back when we get back to the hotel later. I love you.”
Aurora took a shaky breath to calm her nerves, smiling more genuinely in response to his assurances. “Thank you,” she replied. “This is all just really strange to me still. Dad’s made a lot of effort to try to keep me out of the spotlight since people found out who I am last summer.”
“Aurora?” Harry gasped, frozen in place for a brief moment before quickly closing the distance between the two of them. He pulled her into his arms, cautious of her injuries, but desperate to hold have her as close as possible. She buried her head in his chest while he placed kisses to her hair. “God, I missed you,” he sighed. “Can’t believe you’re here.”
Everything was crazy following the end of the show and after an hour or so they all made their way to the after party, saying goodbye to the parents and the younger siblings first.
“Thought you might want to talk about what happened?” he said. “Promise nothing you tell me leaves this room. I won’t talk to Tony or Steve or Harry or anyone else about what you tell me.”
Shortly before she was due to step out on stage, Aurora was sitting in the hallway, hugging her knees to her chest, while resting her forehead against them. Her breathing was rapid, and she knew that if she unclenched her arms from their grip around her legs then her hands would be trembling uncontrollably.
“Oh, beautiful there’s nothing wrong with you,” Harry murmured. He placed kisses across her hairline while his hand gently ran up and down her uninjured arm. “You’ve gone through something so horrific. It’s only natural for you to be on edge.”
“She’s incredible,” Tony whispered, not wanting to shatter the stillness of the moment but needed to voice his astonishment.
“Like you? They love you,” Harry laughed. “You and Louis together are gonna be a pain in the ass. I can already tell.”
“They probably closed so that they can enjoy their dinner without worrying about customers,” Tony replied smoothly.
“S’ok love,” Harry murmured, his hand rubbing along her spine. “Just wish I’d known how to help you.”
“It is,” Rori agreed. “We met in our Junior year at LaGuardia High and after a few weeks playing together we started posting cover songs on YouTube.”
“Sounds wonderful,” Rori agreed, heading over to her chest of drawers to pull out her thick Christmas pajamas and then grabbed Harry’s from his case before joining him in the bathroom. The room was already warming up as it filled with steam and she quickly stripped out of her hoodie and active wear, as did Harry and they both sank into the hot water of the bath. Aurora situated herself between Harry’s legs, leaning back against his chest as his arms wrapped around her waist. She left the brace strapped around her hand and opted to rest it on the lip of the tub instead of taking it off. While she’d shown Harry the scars on her stomach and shoulder, she had yet to show him, or anyone, the mess that was her hand and she still wasn’t ready for him to see it. He hadn’t pushed her, but he had noticed the way she never let him in the bathroom when she went to shower or any other time she needed to take the brace off, and he hoped she would realise soon that he would never be horrified or disgusted by what was under the brace, just as he hadn’t when she’d finally shown him the rest of her scars two weeks ago. As if in answer to her silent fears, he placed soft kisses to both her shoulders, paying special attention to the golf ball sized knot of scar tissue on the back of her left shoulder from the exit wound. She lent her head back against his chest, relaxing into his arms in the warm water.
Harry reached out for her hand, lacing their fingers together as they turned for home, slowly walking along the paths as the sun sank lower in the sky. As they walked, they started to cool down, the winter air biting at their skin. Aurora tucked her left hand inside the large front pocket of her hoodie, her fingers turning cold where they poked out from the brace. She shivered a little, drawing Harry closer to her side and letting him wrap his arm around her. When he let go of her hand she tucked it into her pocket as well.
Please don't forget to comment, let me know what you think so far. I've got big plans for the later chapters but these first nine establishing chapters must be written first.
“Sounds great,” Rori said. “Thank you, you made it far less intimidating than I thought it would be.”
“You’re not pregnant, are you?” Clint asked, causing both Tony and Steve’s heads to snap towards their daughter.
“You want me to sing at the Country Music awards with you?” Aurora asked, shock clear on her face and in her voice causing all three men to chuckle.
“When you idolise someone like that, no one will ever be good enough for them,” Rori attempted to rationalise the hate already directed towards her. “Especially when you’re in love with him.”
“Nah, but in all seriousness, he’s a great bloke,” Louis told her and before she could reply he was quickly distracted by someone passing by and he walked away without another word. Aurora was a little shocked and stared off after Louis as he disappeared into the crowd.
“I know it’s silly,” she said. “It’s only 2 weeks but I’m so used to sleeping next to you every night.”
As always, please leave a comment either here on AO3, or on the tumblr chapters, Instagram posts or send me a tumblr ask. I's really love to hear what you all think about this story.
Once the elevator reached the lobby, they left the building and crossed the street. They both stretched out their legs before heading off north towards Dalehead Arch at a gentle jog. After a few minutes of jogging, Aurora broke out into a harsh sprint and Harry sped up to follow. They ran for the better part of an hour, until they were both sweating heavily, their breathe ghosting in the air as they bent over, hands on knees as they gasped for air.
“Because it was a last minute idea,” Rori said. “Besides, I had fun dad. For the first time in weeks I had fun, so don’t you dare ruin this for me.”
They posted there first cover 3 weeks after forming the band, and with the help of Rori’s twitter account and existing channel
“I was,” Rori answered. “Helen and Greg wanted to take me in, but CPS said they couldn’t because a bar was no place for a teenager. We were all so angry over that. I’d spent my entire life living in that bar and now more than ever I needed to stay with the only people I had left but it wasn’t my decision, so I spent the next few months getting bounced from one foster family to the next. Some were good, some… weren’t so good. They did make sure I stayed in the Wimbledon area, so I got to stay at the same school, which I’m grateful for. I’m not sure I would have made it without my friends. My mum and my best friend Ella’s mum had been good friends, so she stepped in a lot and made sure I was doing ok. Depending on which family I was living with I was sometimes allowed to go to the pub after school to see Helen and Greg and play my piano. I know it could have been so much worse if I didn’t have people looking out for me, but it was still such an awful time of my life. I was grieving my mum and trying to figure out what I was going to do with myself now that I was alone. I turned 16 a little over a week after the accident and within about a month of living in foster care, I filed for emancipation and I had planned on moving back into the apartment above the pub, but the judge denied my application given that my father was listed on my birth certificate but had not officially relinquished his parental rights. So, I decided to find him and make him sign the papers so that I could move back home and get just a little part of my life back.”
She had spent the last 3 years writing, rewriting, practicing and perfecting this song and she knew it better than any other song she had ever performed before. It was the first song she had ever written, the one she had kept to herself for so long. It was so personal that it was only years after she had first composed the chorus that she had shared it with Mark, confessing that she had never even let the band hear it. It was this song that had convinced Mark, and in turn Aurora herself, that she should pursue a solo career. Aurora thought of her mother as she sang of her grief, the raw emotion evident to everyone listening, either in the audience in front of her or watching at home.
Aurora laughed loudly, letting him lead her into the venue, Steve following in their wake with a soft chuckle, glad to hear her laughter again after the last month. When they reached the green room, Liam saw them enter the room first and his eyes quickly flicked towards where Harry and Louis were chatting, facing away from the door. He smiled widely, running forward to quickly hug her, trying to remain quiet so as not to ruin the surprise and whispered in Rori’s ear. “So good to see you. I missed you.”
“But after the AMAs they’ll know you as Aurora Stark; Solo Artist, instead of Aurora Stark; Daughter of Tony Stark,” Mark explained. “You trust me, right?”
The three Manzano brothers arrived the following morning and within the hour, the four of them were already set up in Aurora’s studio downstairs. As with her collaboration with Our Last Night, much of the work had been done via email over the previous weeks, so they got straight in to running through the arrangements for their covers of Zedd’s
“It was Christmas Eve 2010,” Aurora explained. “Every year we would go get waffles after her shift. It was one of my favourite things, and we’d walk home, full to bursting, looking at all the Christmas lights and singing carols the whole way back to the pub, but that year when we were almost home…” Her voice faded out, her eyes starting to gloss over with tears as her memories pulled her back to that night. “There was a drunk driver,” she continued, before David could ask if she needed a break. “He drove straight through the red light while we were crossing the street. It happened so fast. One minute we were laughing and then the next thing I knew I was flying up over the hood of the car and there was breaking glass and my mother screamed out my name. By the time I woke up in the hospital the next day she was already gone, and Child Protective Services was there.”
CW/TW: This chapter contains a mass shooting and the aftermath of that event. It includes details of injuries and blood. None of the main characters die, but please proceed with care if this is something that can be difficult for you. If you want to skip I will provide a quick summary in end notes
He found her curled up beneath a table, blood soaking through her sweater and her left hand a mangled mess of flesh and bone. He sucked in a deep breath, pushing aside his torment as a father and focusing on the scene as a soldier. He slipped his arm through the straps of the shield, freeing both of his hands and bent down, scooping her up and cradling her against his chest, his white button down shirt instantly turning red with blood. Aurora’s eyes fluttered open briefly as she moaned in pain.
“When you talk about your dad and that time, you mention Captain Rogers a lot,” Letterman pointed out. “The world was obviously quite shocked at the end of last year when they announced that they were not only in a relationship but were also engaged. What is your relationship with Steve like and how did you adjust to them being together?”
“I was nervous to meet you,” Aurora admitted with a small chuckle. “I should have known you’d be so welcoming.”
They stayed at the Golden Stag for most of the afternoon, allowing Aurora to catch up with what she had missed in the year since their last visit, and while they had plans to catch up with old friends while in town, they all promised to come back for dinner on Aurora’s birthday in a few days’ time.
“I’m just so glad I didn’t burst out sobbing halfway through,” Rori admitted, “Although I was crying by the end.”
A chorus of Christmas greetings rose up from the patrons perched at the bar as Aurora and her mother headed out into the cold winter night, wrapping scarves around themselves and tugging woollen hats down over their ears, walking through the Wimbledon streets towards their favourite dessert bar for their annual Christmas eve waffle tradition. Despite the freezing weather, there were plenty of people out and about, finishing off the last of their shopping or heading towards the tube to go home to their families. They walked slowly, admiring the Christmas lights and decorations hung in shop windows and strung about the lampposts that lined the busy street. They finally reached the warmth of the dessert bar, quickly removing their coats, scarves and hats as they slid into their regular booth, waving at the staff behind the counter and sharing cheery holiday greetings. After ordering more food then either would ever be able to finish, Louise launched into an animated story of something funny that had happened to her during her shift earlier in the afternoon. She was a bartender and waitress in the pub below their apartment and she knew that her daughter loved hearing all of the crazy stories she had about the things that always seemed to happen inside their little pub. The regulars were like Aurora’s crazy aunts and uncles given that she had spent her entire life living in the apartment upstairs. Louise had been 19, single and 4 months pregnant when she had walked into the Golden Stag asking for work. Helen and Greg, the couple who owned the Stag had taken pity on the young women and not only had they immediately put her to work but they had also quickly turned the unused rooms upstairs into a cosy little apartment for the soon-to-be new mother. They had lived there ever since, and Aurora had loved every moment of it. Her mother was one of her best friends, while Helen and Greg had very quickly taken on the role of doting grandparents for the young girl. Now, only 2 weeks before her 16
