Sherlock looked over at John. Two could play this game. "Fine," he said. "Go right ahead. I think after I finish this cup of tea, I might go up and put on one of your jumpers."
John lifted Sherlock's hand and kissed the back before tucking close to him. "Good night, Sherlock."
"You should do the right thing -- you should do the right thing because it’s right but also because you want the police to keep working with you," John said.
Sherlock sat up and slid off the bed, pulling a bag from underneath. He pulled a wooden box out. “I thought we could use this,” he said. “It’s got metal inside for protection.”
Sherlock said nothing, but refilled the kettle and turned it on again. "Are you heading out soon?" he asked hopefully.
The man waited a few minutes and then said, “Found it. All right, fine. He’s out right now, but I’ll contact him and get back to you about scheduling an appointment.”
Sherlock fell asleep and when he opened his eyes, he panicked for a moment, feeling anxious that he was late, before he remembered he had nowhere to go. He was glad he woke up, though, because he felt sure John would be back soon.
In his room, Sherlock read a few articles online, finding the information he needed to do the next step on an experiment he was working on. This should keep him busy until the next case. He hoped Harry would be gone by then. He wasn't sure how he felt about her being here. The strongest feeling was annoyance, just because it was different. He didn't like people. He only liked John -- and even with John, it had taken a while to get used to him being around all the time.
John shifted and automatically reached for his alarm. But the dresser wasn't within reach. He blinked his eyes open and looked around, realising he wasn’t in his room. "Oh," he murmured, shifting to get up.
John bucked up against Sherlock, watching his face as his hand sped up. Soon, he followed Sherlock, coming between them as Sherlock's name spilled from his mouth.
Sherlock smiled as he watched the tall, ginger man get rejected. Maybe that was cruel, but he kind of enjoyed seeing it. He told himself that he didn’t understand that need, that desire, and he was better off than those who sought that kind of attention. He took his drink and moved over to a better position to be able to see the whole place. He checked the girlfriend, but the man he was looking for still hadn’t arrived.
Sherlock handed him a towel, leaning over to try to look at John’s nude body. “I wasn’t lying,” he repeated. He started to unbutton his shirt. “Were you?”
"You too," John murmured. He yawned and stretched. "If you have trouble sleeping let me know, okay?" He stood up and passed by Sherlock, ruffling his hair without thinking.
"I hope so," Sherlock said. "Here, pour this while I get the salad." He handed John the bottle and then brought the salad out. He sat down and then stood back up, lighting the candles. He passed John the salad bowl.
It felt good to Sherlock, but he was afraid to acknowledge it. He was trying to make it all make sense in his head. “But . . . what about . . . everything . . . ?” he asked.
Sherlock kissed back. It felt like an unusual thing to be doing obviously, but it felt nice as well. He opened his eyes but saw that John’s were closed, so he closed his again. When it was over, he asked, “Did you like it?”
"Right -- well, let me know when you’ve sorted it," he said. He got his jacket and was halfway out before calling to Sherlock, "Wish me luck!"
John pushed up a bit to return the kiss with equal need, his body pressing against Sherlock's. They were no longer dancing.
He turned over on the bed. He’d think more about this tomorrow. In truth, he was sleepy. Another unusual thing, but he’d mentioned it to John who didn’t seem worried, so right now, Sherlock decided not to worry. He decided to sleep.
"Good night Sherlock." John didn't close his eyes right away, taking an extra second to look at him. Then he settled in, thinking about what things they might do tomorrow.
“John, it’s too much,” Sherlock huffed. He squeezed his eyes shut, doing his best to maintain his hand’s movement even though he knew he was about ready to explode. Suddenly he did -- his body jerked, his breath caught, and his heart stopped for a second.
Sherlock nodded and got up to get his shoes and coat. He felt strangely calm about what they'd talked about -- he wondered if he would stay that way. "Angelo's again?" he asked, moving to the door.
that way, but . . . perhaps we need to check the bathroom?” Sherlock said, heading down the hallway.
“God,” Sherlock exhaled. It’d been so long since he had this feeling, and he wanted to savor it completed. He let John’s mouth explore the skin of his neck and then said, “Can I take off my shirt?”
“I don’t have skills,” Sherlock said. “If you keep mocking me, I will never cook again. Besides, John likes pizza so we can just order pizza.”
"Traffic?" John asked confused. "I won't have clients over, if that's what you mean. I couldn't solve a case alone."
"No, it'll feel cool. Good." John poured some in his hand and started rubbing it over Sherlock's shoulders.
Sherlock glanced over, but John was turned away so he slipped his coat over his shoulder and headed out.
John watched him go, smiling at Mrs. Hudson. " You can choose anything you’d like to do. I'm not picky," he told her.
“Well, maybe one day you won’t be on your own,” she said. “Maybe one day I’ll be sitting in church watching you get married.”
Sherlock smiled and rolled on to his back. He ran his hand up John’s arm and gripped his shoulder as he waited. John straddled his thighs and took a moment to admire every inch before he started kissing and licking his way down.
Sherlock laughed. "Right," he said. "If I were romantically in love with myself, don't you think I'd spend more time masturbating and you already know I haven't in this flat. Whatever, John." He finished his tea and picked up his wine. "Truth or dare?"
John nodded, starting to flip through the numbers. "Our birthdays," he said, glancing at Sherlock. Did he remember? John couldn't read his face. When the lock came off, he passed it back to Sherlock again.
“Yes, the wine’s good,” Sherlock said, leaning back a bit and lifting his legs onto the table. “You didn’t say my dinner party was good. That’s rather impolite . . .” he said and then yawned.
“Well, what qualities does that person have to have? Because we’re at university, John, your pool is somewhat limited,” Sherlock said.
“Let’s,” Sherlock said. He got up and put some food from the bags into the fridge. Then he let them out, locking the door behind them and sticking the key as deep in his pocket as he could. “Let’s go around the back and see if there are any paths and if we want to follow them.”
John pushed the door open and froze. Sherlock was in his bed, using his laptop. John stood there staring at him.
In the morning John showered and went down to make breakfast, opting for coffee instead of tea while he read the paper. After eating and enjoying his coffee, Sherlock hadn’t yet appeared so John left a note that he would see Sherlock later and he left to start his day.
"I have mentioned it! Everyone has been talking about it all the time. But you were focused on that case and you probably don't remember. You know you do that."
"That's what's in John's blog, I was hoping to see something gruesome," she smiled. She fixed up her cup of tea and leaned on the counter. "Do you have a case right now?"
On Friday night Sherlock had promised himself to try to get to sleep. He knew getting an early night was useless, but he did manage to lie down around 2am. However, his mind kept him awake for a few hours, veering between questioning, excitement, and yes, a little anxiety. Eventually he slept and when he woke up early afternoon, he began getting things ready for tonight.
Sherlock was now breathing heavily, and his voice caught in his throat. “Good,” he mumbled, reaching down to pull on John’s arm. “Too good . . . come on. . .”
"Fuck," John moaned, his back arching as he tried to keep his hips still. His hand slid into Sherlock's hair.
"This is how it was in the very first dream I had about you," Sherlock said. "But when I woke up, I thought about it in other rooms and other places." He pushed himself up and pulled John's pajama bottoms down, exposing his hard cock. Sherlock leaned back down, holding it as he started to lick and suck.
John moved into the water quickly, shouting at how cold it was but diving under anyway. He swam a decent length before coming up again and wiping his face. "Sherlock! This is great. Why didn't we ever come here when we were little?" he asked. He dove again and swam towards Sherlock to come closer to him before floating up on his back and closing his eyes against the sun. It felt amazing.
Sherlock handed John a glass and sat down. “I hope you don’t take this the wrong way,” he said after taking a sip. “But I don’t think your game proved we were interesting people. It mainly just proved that we know Mrs Hudson.”
“That would be nice,” Sherlock said as he got up. He took the plates away and returned with two cups of tea. “We’ve never gone on holiday . . . maybe we really should.” He sat back down, leaning against John’s shoulder.
John was sitting at the desk, his eyes out of focus as he looked at the blurry computer screen. Or rather, he didn't really look at it. He wasn't ready for this. After he came back from the war, it had taken him over a year to start writing the blog, and that was only because he’d accidentally  found something worth writing about. Now that reason was gone -- Sherlock was gone. And he was sitting here, six months later, wondering if he could just pour everything he was feeling into the blinking cursor. He rubbed his face hard and brought the screen back into focus. There was no sound, no blinking light, and yet his eyes were drawn up to the little envelope in the corner. 1. There was a small number 1 hovering over it. Someone had written a direct message. Weeks after Sherlock's - what happened to Sherlock, when John had checked the site, it’d been bombarded with posts and comments from people, sympathy and outrage, so many that he was overwhelmed. But this, it was the first direct message and as he clicked on it he couldn't help his stomach dropping a bit, hoping . . .
“All right,” Sherlock said. He moved aside and stood there a bit stupidly. “What do you want to drink?”
Sherlock unpacked his things into his old room. It seemed so big compared to his room at school, but it also seemed weird, like the room of a little boy. He remembered playing army men with John -- he could barely picture himself ‘playing’ or even being a kid. All that felt so long ago.
“Do you?” Sherlock asked cheekily. “I’ve got something else in mind first.” He slid a hand round the back of the chair and pulled out a small vibrator. “I want you ready to explode,” he said, turning it and pressing it near John’s cock as he continued to stroke him.
"I'm not sorry. If we like this we should keep doing it. We can worry about what it means after," John said.
Sherlock stepped back, opened the door wider, and pulled John by the arm inside. He quickly shut the door. “Did anyone follow you?”
John held his hand and nodded. "You've changed mine, Sherlock. Even Harry said it. I know we're different."
"You are," Sherlock said quickly. He took a sip of tea. "I just . . . well, you are, John. You've really changed my life -- me. I am a better person with you. It sounds . . . I don't know what it sounds like, but it's true."
"Don't be coy, John. It's AA, just like everyone does. I'm not going into details about what happened. Just . . . this is what's happening now."
John slipped his hand into Sherlock's hair, shifting on the seat a bit as he spread his legs for Sherlock. "I see . . . you know I always miss your mouth. . .” he said softly.
John tipped his head back as a proper moan slipped through. "Sherlock . . ." he breathed, raking his hands down Sherlock's bare torso to work at opening his trousers too.
“Not on purpose,” Sherlock said. “I mean, no -- it was proper science, not kid stuff.” They walked a little bit more. “A girl did kiss me, though. I wasn’t lying about that.”
John quickly glanced around the flat as he followed. In the kitchen, he turned on the water and watched it run normally. "Looks fine," he said.
John made pasta, quick and easy, using the jar of sauce instead of making his own. It wasn't long before he brought the two plates to the living room. "No news tonight, please. We can't work a case anyway, and I don't want to hear anything more about this virus."
Despite the fact that it’d been a very long time since he’d done this, Sherlock’s body took over and directed him. He gently pumped his fingers, stretching John. He loved the reactions John’s body was having, barely noticing that his own hips were rocking gently with each movement of his hand.
He turned and they left. “It appears I still have some detective skills,” he said. “Let’s head home and solve this case.”
John nodded. "I assume you've worked on some pretty exciting cases. That's what people like," he smiled.
They sat for a little while like that, listening to John’s music. After a while, Sherlock opened his eyes and said, “We need a top up.” He dropped John’s hand and got up, returning with the bottle of whiskey. “More music or television? Or something else?” he asked.
"I'm not going out again," John said. Then he glanced at Sherlock, slightly amused by how annoyed he was. "And it's actually quite comfortable, so I think I'll leave the coat on for a bit."
Sherlock put the cottage key on his ring and slid it into his pocket. He left, walking down to the small high street, and bought a few packets of cigarettes, some milk, all the newspapers, and a cheap phone. He smoked a cigarette on the way back, going in and making himself a cup of tea. He took it and his purchases out to the small table in the back garden.
“Right, of course,” Sherlock said. “I’ll get to that. But it’s your lunch time -- surely you have earned a nice cup of tea with your work this morning?” He handed a mug to John.
"You're my only friend, my family is Mycroft, and I haven't had a gift for years," Sherlock said. He glanced at John and then changed the subject. "Besides, we'll all be dead by Christmas -- from boredom or the cold or both."
Sherlock glanced at John. “That’s fine, John,” he said calmly. “I don’t need the book. I’m taking a break.”
"It's not just sex," John said. "It's the intention behind that as well. And I don't prefer blondes . . . I just never thought of you like that. "
Sherlock looked up when John passed through the room, but John didn’t acknowledge him. He watched him disappear into the bedroom and shut the door behind him. Their night at the hotel flashed in his mind, and for a moment, Sherlock thought about going up after him. But he didn’t.  He shook away the memory and tried to turn his attention back to the computer.
Sherlock moved away a little, saying nothing. Then for some reason, he turned back. “And how much do you intend to pay me for the favour?” he asked.
John started looking around the kitchen for some edible. He watched Sherlock at the computer as he ate breakfast. When he finished and Sherlock was still lost in his work, John got dressed and headed out to do some shopping. He took his time so Sherlock could work in peace. When he was done with all of the food he picked up a lottery ticket on a whim. Maybe he would get lucky again. He hailed a cab and got all of the groceries back to the flat. "I'm back," he called, starting to put everything away.
Sherlock got up and moved over to his desk, getting to work. Soon enough, he tuned out the sound of John in the kitchen and dug into the research. Eventually he pushed his chair back from the desk. “Enough for tonight,” he said. “Excellent.”
John was standing in the middle of the room with his phone, waiting for a reply. Nothing was coming and each minute he waited felt like an hour.
"No," he said. He sat up and stretched, getting up to get cleaned up and dressed as well. "Think anyone will know?"
John slowly pulled out and tossed the condom, laying down again so he was cuddling close to Sherlock.
Sherlock smirked. "You think you're being funny, but smoking makes everyone look sexy – even people who wear ridiculous jumpers," he said. "I can barely control my desire."
“That’s good,” Sherlock called out, more loudly than he’d intended to. His hands gripped the sheets underneath him.
"Unless you're going to stand out in the hallway I don't know where you think you're going," he said. He stacked the papers and moved on to the scattered pens and pencils all over the desk. "All I am doing is tidying up the place because I am bored out of my mind. There is no need to shout at me."
Sherlock snuggled up against John. “This is good,” he said quietly. “We should have done this before.”
“We don’t have any leftovers,” Sherlock said. “I was thinking I could make you something.” He got up from the chair. “I had to take a cooking class at school.” He led them inside and look through the cupboards. “I don’t know how to make anything complicated,” he said. “And I can’t guarantee how good it’ll taste.” He pulled some things from the fridge. “Did you have to take any stupid classes?”
He sat there for a few minutes when for some reason he found himself looking up at John’s bedroom door. And then he found himself standing outside it and then opening it. He took a step inside.
Sherlock liked that response, a boost of confidence was never a bad thing in this department. He kept working his mouth on John, letting one of his hands slip down so he could rub himself through his trousers. Soon, though, he could feel himself getting too close and stood up to pull John to the bed.
Sherlock woke up off and on through the night. At one point he noticed that it was beginning to get light out, so he gave up on sleeping and let himself get lost in his head. He saw a memory from that first day when he and John met in the lab, then an image of their running together through London, and flashes of other cases. They worked so well together. He hadn’t regretted a single moment of their partnership.
Sherlock shifted and got rid of the condom and then lay down next to John. “You know . . . we live with each other . . . we could do this kind of thing on a regular basis . . .” He looked over. “What do you think?”
“Can I lie here for a few more minutes?” Sherlock asked. “I’m a little sleepy again, but I’m not ready to go to bed.”
“I don’t feel ill,” Sherlock said. “But if you’ve been exposed and I’ve been exposed to you . . . it’s probably too late, right? I mean, there’s no use in my going away. I could put someone else at risk.”
Obviously he saw John’s new post. He read it. He remembered Williams and the previous case and was quite pleased to see that John had solved the case. He smiled. And then he stopped smiling and read it again.
A moment later Sherlock heard a knock downstairs, and Mrs Hudson’s door open and close. Then there were noises on the stairs, so he stood up and opened the flat’s door.
John deepened the kiss, moaning as Sherlock touched him again. His own hand palmed Sherlock through his pants.
“Just try it, John,” Sherlock shouted. “You might be strong, but I’m clever and fast. I will break both of your legs before you have time to go for a weapon!”
Instead of making another cup of tea, Sherlock turned and said to John. “Are you going to eat? You haven’t eaten anything since you got home.”
In his room, Sherlock set up his laptop and picked the first documentary he could find, a film about unsolved crimes. He flopped onto the bed. “This isn’t going to scare you, is it?” he teased.
“Do you, really?” Sherlock said. “Because now I feel like maybe I even already love you -- not just because of this but maybe I always have, but I don’t know if I can do it right or if I’d be what you want.”
Sherlock followed behind John everywhere he went. “So I suppose you’re just going to eat that sandwich then?” he said.
When Sherlock opened his eyes, it was morning. So his first thought was a good one -- morning  meant it was time for him to leave. However, his second thought was not a good as he remembered he was being sent away to rest. It was so stupid.
“Yours feels cool,” Sherlock said as he slipped one hand around John’s back. He moved his mouth up John’s neck to kiss his mouth again.
“Good,” Sherlock said. He pushed the remote out of John’s hand and then laced their fingers together. He turned his focus to the television, though he was still thinking of them lying next to each other when they went to bed.
John stared at him for a moment. "Um...okay." He moved and sat next to Sherlock. "Do you want a story or something?" He felt silly even asking that.
In the lab, Sherlock was grinning stupidly. He’d found it. He was sure of it. He made Molly come over to look -- she confirmed it and made a fuss over him. He shrugged off her reaction. He was more interested in telling John.
"I didn't say we were married, John," Sherlock said. "I'm not sure it's what either of us thought or expected but . . . what if they're right?"
"Sherlock...God it feels good," he moaned. He dug his fingers into Sherlock's hair, grabbing it into a fist and pulling lightly.
John smiled wider. "Alright. But that could take a few days. How about dinner tonight? I'll treat and if you get the job, you can owe me."
“I did,” Sherlock said. “It seems like something we’d do . . . I mean, we should’ve or . . . just let’s do it again.” He crashed into John’s mouth again, this time tangling their legs together a little.
Lestrade sent an address and two photos. Sherlock would be going to a bar, but it didn’t matter if he blended in or not. He’d find this criminal and soon Lestrade would be calling him for regular jobs and things would be better in his life. He glanced at the clock. The show didn’t start until 10, so he went into his bedroom to lie down for a while.
John laughed. "I'm wearing a suit to eat lunch in our own flat. I think that's interesting," he said.
Sherlock glanced over. Something seemed to be going on, but he wasn’t quite sure what it was just yet. He stepped forward, slipping his arms around John. He leaned down and gave him a long, soft kiss. John kissed him back, shifting them slowly so his own back was against the worktop and he could pull Sherlock against him.
John bit his lip lightly and smiled suggestively. "Yes . . . we'll be staying in." He looped his finger through one of the belt loops and tugged Sherlock closer.
Sherlock smiled. Everyone knew Sherlock’s thoughts on boredom, and he had to agree that since the moment John walked into his life, things had definitely not been boring.
“Morning,” he said. He noticed he was on the computer. “Have you found something for us to work on?”
John took several long drinks, almost draining his glass before lying down again. He looked over at Sherlock and smiled wider. "So . . . since I moved in, you said?"
"Right," Sherlock said. "I'll remind you of that the next time you're mean." He brought a cloth and wiped off the table. "Well, my chores are done, but you've not even started."
John closed his eyes. This was just what he imagined, only now they were in Sherlock's bed and he could hardly believe it. "Hmm, yes," he said, swallowing hard.
"I did," Sherlock said. "I put everything on everything -- all the pictures, all the books, everything in this flat is mine and it's all there because I put it there on a whim. No rhyme or reason, just a whim. I have them all the time, and they are the explanation for anything further you might be considering asking me." He pulled out his phone and opened his messages.
John rolled his eyes. "I know, but I'm allowed to visit," he said. He looked at Sherlock. "I forgot your book, but I'll bring it by later."
The article mentioned the band’s name, and Sherlock clicked the link. Nothing on the band’s site was interesting, which made sense since their music was far from interesting. No wonder the short man hadn’t shown up. Though in truth, the band that was playing the night they had met hadn’t been very interesting either.
"Fine. Fine! You don't want it cleaned up?" John swept his arm across the desk, sending pens, pencils and papers all over the floor. "There! A sty, just like you like it," he yelled. He stormed off and up to his room, slamming the door shut.
She smiled wider and agreed. They made small talk until each of them were called in for their interview. The woman was shocked at John's experience, unsure why he wanted to work in a simple outpatient surgery. He didn't get into the details of his injury, but his answers seemed to be enough. He felt good about the interview and about the job. He wished the woman luck, handed off his number, and left.
When he got back, he put all his clothes into his bags. He looked around the room -- boxes and bags. He sat down on the bed. He was ready to leave.
"I just want to start by apologising for the things I've said and done to you while I was drinking. I'm sorry I dragged you into my divorce and I'm sorry about the things I called you and I just want you to know that I'm really trying to change and not be that person anymore."
"Oh, well, I've been to the North Pole. I helped pack up Santa's sleigh. Maybe the same year you were in the Arctic," John said.
The kiss surprised Sherlock. He stuttered, “I made you tea to go,” handing John the cup as they headed downstairs.
He went outside and listened for the car which eventually left. He finished his cigarette and went in and grabbed the phone.
Sherlock smiled at John in a way that meant thank you. They headed downstairs and out the back to the shed. Sherlock got a stool for John and then began talking him through his experiment. He knew he was probably going into too much detail, but he couldn’t help it. This stuff was so exciting to him, and he liked that John would sometimes pretend it was to him as well.
John took a long time picking out clothes for the evening, wanting to look as handsome as Sherlock expected him to. He arrived at the restaurant and got a table near the window to wait for Sherlock.
He looked down at the sheet before turning to read the first page. He’d written it after some older boys had destroyed his experiment in the chemistry lab. The whole book was filled with all the bad times he’d had here. He ripped the pages out and tore them into little pieces. He pulled the other two notebooks out of his drawer and ripped those to shreds as well. He lay down on his bed and turned away from the mess and willed himself to sleep.
Sherlock dropped his bag and set down his phone. He walked over to John. "I know why you're different, John," he said. "Because I love you, too."
At the morgue, Molly had set aside the things Sherlock would need. He decided he wanted to look at the blood first, getting her assurance he’d be able to see the body when he came back tomorrow. She left him alone to work, coming in once or twice to bring him tea and answer any questions he had. Her first interruption only brought a small nod of his head as acknowledgement, but by the time she returned, he did have questions. She thoroughly answered them and watched as he scribbled things down. She left him alone again.
John rolled his eyes. "I can't account for idiots, Sherlock. They've suggested everyone stay inside because of the frigid weather. There could be a blizzard."
John moaned softly as his own hands moved over Sherlock's body, touching him everywhere he could. He got his hand between them and started stroking Sherlock as well, kissing his mouth again.
“Well, I thought I should,” Sherlock said. “I’ve never been a flatmate -- I don’t know quite what they’re supposed to do.”
“I hope you don’t mind but I think I’ll go back to more casual wear tomorrow,” Sherlock said. “Something less tight.”
After a few hours, John couldn't read another word, so he opened his laptop and went to their blog, looking through comments and sending a few replies. Then he opened a card game and started playing that until he was hungry enough to get up and start dinner.
Sherlock spun John out a little and then pulled him back close. “I could dip you, if you think you can handle it.”
Sherlock's head nodded gently but he didn't say anything. He took another sip of tea. "What are your plans now?" he asked.
“Okay, stop talking, I need to concentrate,” Sherlock said. He continued playing, trying to turn all his focus to the game. It was mindless, and right now Sherlock wanted to stay out of his mind.
"We said we wouldn't do anything with it unless we were together -- of course, I remember," Sherlock said. He glanced down at the hole. "If you're going to continue, it's a bit closer to the bush," he said, pointing.
John shrugged. "I don't know. I just got dressed when I got up. Keeping up my routines, I guess," he said.
John stood and moved to the bed with him, admiring his movements. Sherlock immediately reached John's hard cock, kissing him hard as he held a firm grip. Then he began to stroke him as his mouth moved down to John's neck. He pulled John almost on top of him and began rocking his hips against him. "It's good," he moaned, twisting his hand as he nipped against John's neck. John nodded, rolling his hips against Sherlock's.
"I think I would," Sherlock said. "We'll see." He snuggled in a little as he was starting to feel sleepy. "Tomorrow, yeah?"
Sherlock stood up and pushed John out of the way, shouting, “Everything here is mine because this is my desk! Start somewhere else if your urge to fix things is eating away at you because you’re not at the surgery!” he shouted.
Mrs Hudson stood still for a moment and then turned, asking, "Did you need my help in here or what?"
Mrs Hudson shot him a look. “That’s at the reception afterward, but you get none if you don’t keep your voice down and behave like an adult,” she said. She roughly handed him the program. “Here, read this and keep quiet,” she said.
"I don't think not sharing sounds like something John would do," he said. "And why does a tiger give them meat? Wouldn’t the tiger have just eaten them?"
"No, John, it was not. I spent a few months there when I was a teenager. My great grandfather was an explorer and the Arctic was one trip he'd planned to make, but he died before he could. My uncle decided to give it a try and brought me with him," Sherlock said. "So I have been to the Arctic, John Watson, and I do know blizzards and they are not nice." He paused to take a sip of tea. "In fact, my uncle was killed in a blizzard in the Arctic. I probably should have included that earlier in the story."
“I doubt that shed smells very good,” Sherlock’s mum said with a smile. “Dig in -- your dad’s working late so we don’t need to wait.”
“Sure,” Sherlock said. “Out here or inside? These chairs aren’t that comfortable, and we can’t plug in the laptop.” He got up and led them inside. He surveyed the room and said, “If we pull that table over, we can sit on the sofa and it won’t be too bad.”
"You can," Sherlock said. "Don't be formal -- or I'll never cook again," he added with a little smile.
“It’s just sore,” Sherlock said. “I’m sorry.” He slid closer, tangling their legs a little. “Don’t move away.”
He finally looked over at Sherlock who always got slightly annoyed when John wanted to rest in the middle of a case.
“You mean you’re going to read to me?” Sherlock said. Maybe he should've been embarrassed, but the idea seemed kind of comforting.
In the morning John woke up tangled in Sherlock's arms. He took a moment there to get his head together, and then he shifted and moved away a bit. The adrenaline was gone now, and he looked over at Sherlock, biting his lip. It was a weird night. Sherlock had said that he loved John, and they slept together, but perhaps it was all just a reaction to the danger and the adrenaline he felt as well. He slowly got out of bed and went to the bathroom.
Sherlock turned on his side and wrapped his arm around John to bring their bodies closer. He was filled with a relaxed tension -- the ease of being home again balanced with an intense desire that he’d not felt in so long. His hand slipped to John’s arse, pulling on John’s pants slightly, before reaching around the front. He held John’s cock again. It was softer but still warm and he began to slowly move his hand over it as they continued to kiss.
“In a few hours,” Mycroft said, now reading papers he’d pulled from his case. “You should sleep,” he said. “Unless you think there’s something wrong with your head . . . just sleep unless you think it’ll kill you.”
John left the flat and headed back to the cafe. When he walked in, she was there, standing in line. John hurried behind her. "Nice day," he told her.
“Fine,” Sherlock said. He finished his tea and took his mug and John’s plate to the sink. As he washed them up, he said, “Actually, if you really want to drop it, it might be worthwhile for you to tell me exactly what I did last night – in your dream, I mean – so I can ensure I don’t accidentally do it in real life.”
John blinked at him. He couldn't wrap his mind around it. Sherlock was so stimulated already, with cases and mysteries. "I never would have guessed. How -- I mean -- you've never done it since?"
"Okay," he said. He stood and stretched, following Sherlock out into the little yard. There was a lot of wood.
“Mostly Eastern Europe,” Sherlock said. “To some not very nice places. They felt far away because they were.” He stood up and took his plate to the kitchen. “I think I might have an early night,” he said. He looked around stupidly for a moment. He hadn’t gone into his room; for some reason he almost felt afraid to, but he hoped it would all feel like home again soon.
Sherlock grabbed his drink and finished it off and led John to his room. When they got inside, he fell onto John and the bed, moving against him as they began kissing.
Sherlock got up to join John in the kitchen. His legs felt a little wobbly from being at the desk for so long. Last night when John was out, Sherlock had wanted to talk this through with him in an attempt to find something. In truth now, though, after so many more hours of fruitless research, he felt even more defeated.
Sherlock shifted over so he could spoon John. “I liked what we did,” he said softly. “Do you want to keep doing things like that together?”
“Oh, that’s very grown up,” Sherlock said. He moved over to the window and lit another cigarette even though in truth he didn’t even fancy it. “Have you been taking your temperature?” he asked. “Is this one of the symptoms – being insufferable?”
“I don’t think that’s good for your health,” Sherlock said. “Just because you’re busy, you shouldn’t be neglecting yourself.” He sat down. “Sit for a moment -- I won’t keep you long, but I thought it might be nice to chat for a moment.”
John laughed at the interaction but waited to see what she would say. He looked between them -- he was glad he was at this table with them.
Eventually, he got himself up from the bed to go into the bathroom. He definitely felt better today -- his body still felt a bit fragile, but he felt confident moving around now. He washed his face and brushed his teeth and then went back to the bed. He tried to go into his head to concentrate on finding the memory of the accident.
John nodded, closing his eyes and tucking more comfortably into Sherlock. "Yeah. Everything," he said. "Don't you?"
She complained about her wasted skills, and it sounded like this was not the first time they’d had this conversation. He promised her it wouldn't be much longer, that if the code she had written was working properly they would have more than enough money before they knew it. She offered to rewrite it, to siphon even more but he said no. John turned and hurried off before they came out and saw him. His next stop was Williams who was pleased with John’s work.
“All right,” Sherlock said. He lifted his hand for a taxi. “You can pay for this ride with your lottery winnings,” he said with a smile as a cab pulled up.
“I don’t like not knowing . . . as I’m sure you’re well aware,” Sherlock said, lifting his head a little and giving John a feeble smile.
John kept looking between the man on his own computer and the footage on Sherlock's. It seemed impossible as time was passing. It was going to take forever. John was about to get up for a snack when he saw it. "There! Pause quick," John said.
“We were interesting the other day, don’t forget.” Sherlock looked over at John. “In truth, you’re better than okay, John – I just didn’t want you to get too cocky.”
“Good,” Sherlock said. He leaned back a little and suddenly felt quite relaxed. It seemed normal again and it felt good.
“Obviously,” he said with a smile. “That’s how you invited him over, and it seemed to work quite well.”
“Of course,” she said, getting up. “Go get the sleeping bags out of the cupboard now so you can put them through the wash.”
Sherlock made the tea and brought in two mugs. “Other than that, work was fine?” he asked. It’s what he would normally ask when John got home, even though admittedly he wasn’t always paying attention to the answer. It seemed strange now that John’s work was more of a danger than the work they did together.
“We are good together -- whatever we do,” Sherlock agreed. He looked at John. “Should we do this?” he asked as he tipped his head and softly kissed John’s lips.
John pulled off after a few quick movements and moved his hand quickly over the slickness. He stayed on his knees, watching.
Sherlock looked over at him. He seemed confident, and Sherlock knew he should be as well. “Well, let me know if you need me to help -- I’m quite good at creating personas,” he said. “I mean, I created this whole Sherlock Holmes the detective thing and you fell for it.” He gave him a cheeky smile.
Sherlock put some twigs and leaves into the pit and then went back in to grab some paper. He helped John shift some wood to the pit before pulling out a cigarette, lighting it, and then handing his lighter to John. "Go for it," he said.
John tested the bath. After a moment, he flicked on the shower and watched it spray out of the head. "It all looks good."
Sherlock’s eyes dropped. “No,” he said. “I thought eventually you would know . . . that you’d assume or that maybe he’d tell you . . . but now I know how you suffered . . .” He took one step closer and stopped.
“What about the times you’ve been angry with me, though?” Sherlock asked. “You get annoyed sometimes, I know you do -- will that annoyance go away just because you know feelings are involved?”
John looked at his schedule again. "No, it'll be out of the way at the end of the day. What about midday?"
Harry said, "Look, I'm not staying here - I've got a room at a halfway house for the night since my train leaves early in the morning. But let me take you two out to dinner -- to thank you or celebrate or whatever. I want to, so let's . . . okay?"
John stepped inside and shut the door behind him. "I..." He didn't know what to say. He moved closer. "Can I get in?"
“I tried to follow you,” Sherlock said. “I failed. Which is quite embarrassing really as figuring things out is what I do.” He turned his bar stool slightly to face the man. “So you were lying when you said you were working that night?”
Sherlock felt the stretch of John entering him and suddenly it all seemed so overwhelming. What they were doing was big –- it would change everything even if both of them were sure it wouldn’t. “Wait, stop,” he mumbled, pulling his body away from John. “Just a minute . . .” he said as he let himself drop onto the mattress, grabbing at the sheet.
He pressed his hand onto her back. He could feel her spine as she attempted to crawl onto his lap. She moved her mouth to his ear and made a little moan. “Say something,” she said.
Sherlock stood for a few moments in the quiet room. He was just glad to be going home. He got himself dressed and looked in the mirror. His clothes covered the worst of his injuries, which he was glad for. He looked around for his bag, hoping his brother had saved it. He found it and pulled out his computer. It was locked, but eventually Sherlock figured out the new password and immediately checked for a message from John. He wasn’t sure if it was safe to respond so he just read through the posts, feeling more excited with every memory.
Sherlock thought for a moment. Was he happy? He couldn’t imagine saying it, but he didn’t feel compelled to argue.
John grabbed a couple granola bars and sat at a chair in the kitchen watching Sherlock move around the kitchen. "Did your science team go to different schools to compete?"
When he got up, Sherlock moved to put the kettle on. Suddenly he noticed how quiet it was in the flat. “John?” he asked in a soft voice, because he was pretty sure he was alone and saying John’s name was entirely unnecessary. He poured his tea and moved over to his desk. He opened his laptop but instead of checking his email, he found himself staring into the room, wondering what precisely John was doing.
“I suppose,” Sherlock said. He picked up his hand and let it drop. “Yes, definitely -- my muscles barely function, so I guess I am.”
John finished his short shift at the surgery and headed straight to the hospital to see Sherlock. Only when he was just outside the room did he realise he'd forgot the book Sherlock had wanted. He knocked and walked inside. "Sherlock?"
“Fuck,” Sherlock mumbled. He pressed his lips to John’s neck in a soft kiss. “That was good. And not was I was expecting to do tonight.”
“Well, good,” Sherlock said, finally meeting John’s eye. “But maybe you should think about it overnight. I mean, maybe you would have with that girl tonight . . . and now I’m here. I don’t want to be your second choice. I know it’s not like that, but maybe you should be sure.” He pushed John’s thigh lightly. “Besides, the kitchen’s a mess -- I should clean up and you have a class in the morning.”
“That’s reassuring, though slightly confusing,” Sherlock said. “Regardless -- I suppose I thought I could show you something about a case I’ve yet to solve. Still interested even though it probably won’t be that dangerous at all?”
He was relatively sure that Mrs Hudson and John’s celebration had ended hours ago and John could already be asleep. Still, he sent a text.
“I don’t think I did,” Sherlock said. “I didn’t hate the act of kissing -- maybe it would have been okay if I’d like the person, but seeing as how I don’t really like anyone, I’m not in a hurry to do it again, I guess.”
John settled between his legs and licked a long stripe up Sherlock's cock, swirling around the head before taking it into his mouth.
Sherlock looked at John. Of course, he was right -- it’d been ridiculous of Sherlock to expect them both to pretend, even for a moment. He put his head down, covering his face with his hands for a moment. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled, trying to hold back tears.
A day later his brother had a project for him -- not ideal but better than nothing. Perhaps by the time he’d finished that, Lestrade would have got in touch. But he hadn’t. Sherlock didn’t know what else to do, how to find something to keep him challenged. That’s what he wanted, that’s what he was good at -- why was it so difficult to find someone who needed the skills he had to offer?
“Then stop pestering me -- it’s very likely tonight we’ll have the breakthrough we need and Holmes and Watson will have solved the case. I can’t be dealing with this right now, Sherlock. Have some trust in John.”
Sherlock tried to relax. He put his hand on John’s back, pulling him a little closer. It felt good with John’s body next to his. He pressed into John’s mouth. That felt good, too. He slid his hand to John’s head, tipping it as he deepened the kiss. John hummed softly in surprise. He parted his lips a bit, moving them slowly. A small noise escaped from Sherlock’s lips. He shifted his body, pulling John a bit on top of him. John rolled a bit, keeping his weight on his elbow. He licked out lightly, wanting more since Sherlock seemed to like it.
"I've been working, same as you," John said. “I think it’s going well. Honestly, I’m thinking by the end of the week, I’ll have enough to nail this guy.”
"You can't stay here, we don't even have a room." John didn't smile back. This was the last thing he needed right now.
"That's what the world of our flat is about -- enjoyment," Sherlock said. Then he thought for a moment. "Well, it's partly about that."
“I don’t know what to say, John,” Sherlock admitted. “Oh, when I was fifteen I had my appendix removed. That’s it, I guess.”
Sherlock made a small groan at John’s touch. It felt good, just like that night, only better because he knew John and liked him and John lived here now with him. Which was strange but at the moment felt all right. He opened his eyes to look down at John and then up at the ceiling. He’d never looked at the ceiling in here before. He wondered if he’d be looking at it again. Or if John would see the ceiling in his bedroom. There was so much that was new, but he closed his eyes and concentrated on how good it felt.
"It's not for a couple weeks. We have time," John said. “Do you have something else you want to work on tonight?”
She seemed to get the hint. She opened her gift, and then he helped her serve dinner. They ate together and chatted about safer topics. When they were done he helped clean up and then headed back upstairs. He sat in his chair and put his feet up, admiring his bag again. It really was a nice gift. Mrs. Hudson's voice was in the back of his mind, nudging him towards something more.
Sherlock watched John’s body writhe. His own cock, which had been aching since he’d come up with this idea, was now rock hard in his trousers. He angled the vibrator slightly to stimulate John’s prostate before continuing to fuck him with it.
Sherlock smiled. “See, the world is better when we rule it – I’ve always believed that and now I have evidence to prove it,” he said as he got up and moved to the kitchen. “Wine or whiskey?”
The new possible client did call the following day, and Sherlock took the case. Nothing too taxing, but enough to keep him busy. He had it sorted by Sunday and forwarded his notes to Lestrade. He’d only worked on one case for the police, but it had been so much more interesting than these clients. While he appreciated that their money allowed him to pay his bills, what he really wanted was the challenge.
Sherlock watched him go. He lit another cigarette but definitely didn’t want it, so he stubbed it out. He got up and headed into his own room.
Sherlock put John’s stuff in the boot and then climbed into the back seat. “That was embarrassing, Mum,” he said.
John wrapped his arm around Sherlock. "Yes . . . it’s good," he mumbled. He dipped and started kissing Sherlock's neck.
"Oh my god, are you obsessed with my body? This will complicate our new world if all you want is to get all over me."
“So I was thinking that we could take a little walk,” Sherlock said. “I’d like to take you somewhere -- it’s not far. Does that sound agreeable?”
“Don’t worry -- I can easily find another copy for when you grow up and want to watch it again,” Sherlock said. “What else have you got?”
“I’m doing just fine,” Sherlock said. “I’m finally enjoying myself -- don’t spoil it for me.” He looked over at John and smiled.
"Okay, sorry. I didn't mean to imply that you were hiding anything on purpose. I feel the same way. I know there's more to tell but my mind is blank right now, trying to think about it all."
“Maybe,” Sherlock said, turning and curling around John. “You’re stubborn though – it was annoying.”
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, filing the detail away for later. “Do you work tomorrow?” he asked.
Their food came as they talked. Sherlock began to realise that this was a meal like any other; that their talk really hadn't changed much at all. Whatever they felt for each other had clearly been there all along -- it'd just taken Harry's intervention to help them see it. When they left, he felt relaxed, getting them a taxi home and smiling softly out the window.
Sherlock pulled out his phone and looked at it. He put it back in his pocket. He didn’t say anything until they pulled up. He gave the driver some money and then said to John, “Don’t be miserable -- we’ve got something to keep us busy.” He tried to give him a smile.
"What? No, Sherlock. I am not angry with you. I am just telling you what is going on since you seem to really not know," he said.
"I've watched some stuff before," John said. "Not just porn but . . . normal stuff." He felt his cheeks flush.
Sherlock closed his laptop and got up, going into the bathroom first. He splashed some water on his face and tried to relax a little -- it was hard to do so with a stranger in the flat, but she was going to be here a couple days and it'd do him no good to stay wound up like this. He came out and for some reason washed up the mugs and then looked over at John to let him know he was ready.
"You mean I figured something out?" she said with a grin. "I found the solution before the great detective and his blogger did?"
John leaned up and kissed him. "I have to work though, just for a bit," he said against Sherlock's mouth.
“Is that a threat?” Sherlock said. “No, I can be by myself . . . . will you please then just let me be by myself? I’ll rest, I will . . . I’ll remember.  Just leave me alone, all right?”
“So you say,” his mum said, getting up and taking her bowl to the kitchen. “Thank you for the soup, Sherlock. Leave the things -- I’ll do the washing up.”
Sherlock’s parents were in front of the fire already, so he sat down and picked up the mug his mum had set out for him.
“It’s fun,” she replied. She turned to John. “Let’s do something fun with the money and exclude him.”
He stared down at the street and the people walking on it. Some were talking or laughing; most were walking in pairs. He looked to see if any were arguing, but they didn’t seem to be. They probably would be before the evening was over. He was safe here in the flat -- no one talking or laughing or regretting choosing him. He finished his glass and carried it to the sink.
"There was no goal until you got upset. I was just teasing . . . playing a game," John shrugged. The collar brushed his cheeks.
His mother came into the room. “I didn’t miss the shouting,” she said. She moved over to the oven. “What are you making?”
When Sherlock woke up the next morning, he could hear his parents were downstairs already. He rolled over and looked at the clock, expecting it to reveal that he'd slept too late. But it didn't -- it was had just gone seven. Why were they up so early? Then he realised he needed the toilet so he got up to go and then headed downstairs.
“Good,” Sherlock said. He tipped the rest of his drink into his mouth and stood up. He directed John down the street as they began to walk. “How long until you’re finished with school?” he asked.
By Monday, Sherlock’s usefulness had paid off and Lestrade had a case for him -- well, not a case but a task and that was good enough for now. He’d put in a request with Molly for some skin cell samples and made his way over to see her.
Suddenly Sherlock felt panicked in a strong but confusing way. He jumped up and moved over toward him. "No, don't take it off yet," he said.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment. "All right," he said. "Maybe it'll be okay." He scooted a little closer to John.
“Yes, well, as you know, sleeping’s never been my strong suit, but I feel like I haven’t slept properly in weeks,” Sherlock said. “It’s not that I’m lying there worrying or even thinking really, it’s . . . I don’t know . . . I just wish we could do something. It’s stupid really – I know we can’t go anywhere, but why do I feel incapable of even just doing something in my own home?”
“It’s pretty heavy. I brought in the shovels earlier,” Sherlock said, nodding over to the corner. “We’ll see how dig we can deep in about fifteen minutes. That should be enough.” He took a sip of tea. “Are you sleepy? Afterward, we could watch another film or something.”
Sherlock had fallen to sleep before John was even out of the hospital and slept solid until he walked back into the room. However, as soon as he saw John, he felt compelled to lie. “I was reading,” he said. “I guess I dozed off.” It was at this point he realised there was no book there, so he admitted, “I’ve been sleeping since you left.”
"I'm thinking it's become very warm all of a sudden," he said, gazing up at Sherlock. He made a move to take the coat off again, but slowly.
Without setting down his cup, Sherlock let his body move toward John. He took a sip of tea. “Are you tired from your trip?” he asked.
Sherlock got up and stretched before going to get a cup of tea. He washed the plates and left them in the sink to dry. He carried his tea back to the sofa and turned on the television.
"Do you want it to be part of us?" John asked breathlessly, glancing down again. "I do," he admitted quickly.
"All the time I was just waiting. Waiting . . . for you to come to your senses," Sherlock said. "Instead, it took the freezing cold."
"You're so funny," John said sarcastically. "Too bad I know you weren't talking to her because that's who I am talking to. I have to switch everything to my name when I kill you!" John said, finishing in a loud yell. "Calls me a monster when he's the one shooting the damn walls every other day like a maniac!"
"But involving him," Sherlock continued, "comes with consequences. He will follow through -- will you?"
“You’re the baby,” Sherlock mumbled and then lay quietly for a while. “John? You asleep?” he whispered.
John went to get the cards from a drawer in the desk. He wondered is Sherlock was really going to go through with this.
John peeked his eye open. "I'm listening. I don't like the sound of this cave, to be honest," he said.
John looked over and took Sherlock's phone to see. Then he casually put it in his pocket and headed for his own bedroom. "Good night." He was trying not to smile.
Sherlock grabbed his mug and carried it into the kitchen. "If I don't see you in the morning, let me know what time you'll be back, yeah?" he said.
"I think it's . . . flattering. I want to ask why you never said anything sooner, but I think I know. The timing has never been . . . right.”.
"Sleeping. I missed you so much, and I regretted what I never said so I'd say it here . . . hoping there was a way you’d hear it."
Sherlock looked away but didn't let go of John's hand. He took a drink and then said, "Should I be afraid?"
“Well . . . you didn’t make that clear,” Sherlock said. “Thus far that night, I’d thought, we’d each made very clear what we wanted.”
“Right,” Sherlock said gruffly. “And you charged her a fair price or did you add on an extra fee for charm?”
"I'm just worried maybe you hit your head or something and they didn't know." John moved close to him and held his chin, looking in his eyes. "Follow my finger."
John looked at her and almost replied, but she was just mumbling in her sleep. He closed his mouth and headed back down.
“Sherlock --” John said, surprised. Then he felt a slice of heat cut through his body. He allowed himself to dance with Sherlock. "I remember," he nodded. "It was nice."
"I don't - you're not disgusting," John said. He turned and faced Sherlock. "I just don't . . . I mean, that's not our relationship, is it? We're friends. It was just embarrassing, but it’s not the worst thing," he admitted. "Can we drop it now?"
“It is actually,” Sherlock said. “Come into the kitchen, I made us tea.” They walked in and Sherlock poured two mugs and then sat down on the table. “I assume you weren’t followed.”
Sherlock stood up and slipped on his trousers. He looked at John. "You'll come down, yeah?" he asked for no real reason.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “The hot water takes a moment to get started . . . everything else is quite obvious.”
“An adventure,” Sherlock said. He closed his laptop and put it on the table next to the bed. He reached over and turned out the light and then lay flat at the bed, staring up at the ceiling.
“Maybe,” Sherlock said. “I don’t know. Maybe. You’re the one who made the case for it, you know –- you’re funny and smart and you’re literally the only one I can talk to or have fun with. Maybe that would be fun, too.” He wanted to look at John, but was afraid it would embarrass both of them too much. “I’d rather try it with my best friend, I guess.”
“No, Mycroft -- what if I need to call someone? What if it’s an emergency or what if I want to call you? If you take this phone, I will go out and buy another one. If I’m not a prisoner, stop treating me like one.”
“Childish!” Sherlock said. “You owe me for me that!” He got up and moved close to John, not close enough to touch but definitely close enough to annoy.
John took a quick shower, shaving for the first time in a few days. It felt good to come out tidy and fresh-faced. Before he came down to the sitting room again he dug through his closet for his suit. He chuckled as he put it on, leaving the jacket off and wearing the vest casually. He came down the stairs and saw the display in the kitchen. "Oh, well, good thing I dressed for the occasion," he said.
“No,” Sherlock said. “But answer the question. I presume all of this was a wild goose chase, but I have no idea for what purpose.”
John’s movement was intriguing and exciting. “John,” Sherlock said, pausing the kiss for a second. “Are you getting an erection?” he asked.
The house looked just the same. The light in Sherlock's room was on and his stomach tightened. He almost turned around and left. But he’d walked all the way here so he was going to go through with it. He went to the spot under the bedroom window and started slowly, quietly digging.
"Public speaking," John said. "I hated it. But I felt like they were all stupid. I just wanted to do the cool medical stuff."
John looked out of the window as the car drove along, but they were just circling the city. John checked the address. "Um, do you know where you're going?" John asked. The driver didn't reply. Ten minutes later, they were back outside of 221 and Mycroft was on the pavement.
“Before you go,” Sherlock said, reaching out for his arm. “Do you have a mobile phone? Can I have the number?”
"Actually I did," Sherlock said. "Let's focus on that part rather than how it actually tastes, all right?" He sat down on the sofa. "It should be ready in a half hour, which will give us plenty of time to order a proper meal in if it goes wrong."
Sherlock stepped back outside and hung the towel on the line. His shorts and shirt were pretty dry so he left them on. He returned and made tea, bringing it into the sofa. “Should we make a fire and do our dinner outside tonight?” he asked.
Perhaps offering to help Mrs Hudson do her shopping wasn’t the smartest idea John had had that morning. She slipped two more bags into his arms and then said, “Thanks for carrying all that.” She turned quickly and called out, “We need to stop at the kiosk before we go.”
When John finally got his drink he took a sip before turning toward the man staring at him. He glanced just for a moment before wandering off again to his spot near the front. He was about to take another sip again when someone spoke to him.
"I think I want to get up," Sherlock said. "And go downstairs -- you can come with me . . . I just want to get up."
“I have to be honest, I didn’t think I’d enjoy swimming, but today’s been a good day,” Sherlock said. “I’ve not missed being on my computer or anything about home. And I’m bizarrely tired. But a good day.”
John nodded and kissed him again, softer, over and over. Sherlock slid a hand up John's back and gripped the back of his head. He dropped his mouth to his neck and sucked on the skin. It was almost like he recognized the taste.
Sherlock couldn’t decide if he was embarrassed or angry. Then he realised he was both. “Please don’t listen to that woman,’ he said. “She’s mad really.”
"Yes, right now," Sherlock said. "What does it matter? Don't you love someone right now? It's supposed to last forever, right?"
Why did he have to be so annoying? Clearly, he’d deliberately kept Sherlock ignorant of all this, just to keep him focused. Sherlock wasn’t convinced that was it, but his mind was going too fast and he felt confused.
She threw a look up the stairs that John didn't quite understand, a kind of annoyed fondness. "Well, I'm glad it's all fine,” she said with a smile. “It was nice seeing you again."
“You’re better at this kind of stuff,” Sherlock said. “But I won’t stop.” He kept digging until finally it seemed deep enough. Sherlock looked at his watch. “Fifteen minutes,” he said. “Just like I said.”
John shrugged. "He enjoys the benefits of my work by watching the band while I do my work. You should go now. I'm not interested . . . obviously." He looked up at the man with a wide, happy smile.
“Well,” Sherlock said, standing up and moving to the kitchen. “Just remember, she’s a criminal, John, and criminals don’t tend to be nice.”
“That’s okay,” she said. “Let’s not tell anyone about any of this, okay? We can just pretend it didn’t happen, okay, so the team doesn’t know.”
By early evening, Sherlock had not found his answers. Reluctantly he headed home. Perhaps he could talk the whole thing through with John as that often helped him see things he couldn’t see on his own, though he wasn’t quite sure he wanted John to know that.
“Whatever it is, it’s something I don’t understand,” Sherlock said. “Don’t forget -- I’m just the boy who likes adventures. You’re the intelligent wizard who knows all about the mysterious things.”
Sherlock sent it before he’d really thought about it. It was honest, but now he wondered if it was too strange. He knew he was behaving a bit unusually -- whether it was the result of the injury or being away from home, he wasn’t sure.
"It’s close to work, it might be cheaper than my place now, and you're not a complete stranger. And . . . I’m desperate.”
“How can you be sure?” Sherlock asked. “We’ve not lived together that long. What if it turns out  you are actually intolerable to be around you all the time?”
“Well done,” Sherlock said, patting him on the arm. “You’ve been a very good boy today, John Watson.”
“We work together on projects and then compete against other schools,” she said. She reached into her desk and pulled out some papers. “Here, you can read about it and tell me next week.”
“Perhaps you are an idiot,” Sherlock said. “I invite you into my home and do that . . .” he said nodding toward the stairs. “With you and you insult me like that?” He gave him a little smile. “Honesty is usually my policy, so I suppose I appreciate yours.” He reached round and picked up his mug again. “But the website is smart. I don’t want to change it. Do you have any other recommendations, Mr Know It All?”
“I am too, John,” Sherlock said. “Good night,” he said a little awkwardly. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
"I told her I knew you well," Sherlock said. "That you trusted me . . . and I said you should've been able to trust her." He looked over. "I'm sorry…"
He reached for the small cupboard next to the bed, digging around for his phone. He hadn’t looked at it for at least 24 hours, assuming yesterday was his first day at the hospital, which in truth he wasn’t quite sure of. However, he couldn’t find it. He leaned back against the pillow again.
Harry grinned stupidly and looked between them. John shook his head. "No, she's my guest. I don't mind."
The kiss sent a shock of electricity through Sherlock’s body. His hands slipped to John’s back, pulling their bodies close together.
“Fine,” Sherlock said. He stood up. “I’m going out then. You can rest and relax all you want on your own.”
“But you still want us to go on this trip, right?” Sherlock asked. “Will you come by tomorrow . . . my mum would like to see you, I think.”
Things were starting to make sense to him now. "All right," he said, taking back his cup. He glanced at the clock. "I can be ready to go in time," he said.
“Busy sounds good,” Sherlock said. “Today here was . . . definitely not busy.” He got up. “Let’s go in and I’ll get dinner. Have we had any leads for cases?”
John moved around his room, rearranging things so it would feel more comfortable. He didn't know how he liked everything yet in this new room. He found his clock radio in one of the boxes and put it next to the bed, fiddling until he tuned into some music.
John hummed around Sherlock's cock as he started moving -- his head and his finger in sync. Slowly he moved up to two fingers, his cheeks hollowing around the shaft.
Sherlock turned over. “Are you and my brother in on this, then? What did the doctor really say? Why isn’t anyone talking to me?” he asked.
"His brother," John explained to her, though he was still confused about what exactly Sherlock was doing.
Sherlock took it from John, looking at it and smiling. “That was a good day,” he said. “I’ve got a picture as well -- from awards day. I think it perfectly sums us up.” He looked at it and laughed before handing it to John.
Sherlock made a little growl in his throat, moving from between John’s legs and dropping down on the bed beside him. He started to take off his trousers. “Can I take all of it off?” he asked. “Please . . . hurry.”
“John,” Sherlock called as his hips slammed against John once more and he came, his eyes squeezing shut and his heart stopping for a moment. John stroked faster and came between them, clutching Sherlock's shoulder hard as he moaned.
Sherlock reached over and grabbed John’s arm. “Listen, I kind of sprang this on you, on us, so all I’m saying is we don’t have to do it this very second, okay?” he said, then let go of John’s arm. “Maybe tomorrow you’ll meet the perfect woman, and I won’t be needed.”
“Morning, or afternoon, whatever it is,” Sherlock called. He put his cigarette out and closed the window. “I did not sleep well last night,” he admitted as he moved over to his chair. “I feel like I have no energy whatsoever.”
John smiled softly. "Well, you're still the best person I know so . . ." he trailed off and sipped his tea for something to do.
Sherlock looked over at his brother, not sure if the phone was in his possession or not. Why did Mycroft have to play games all the time?
"You like being nice, admit it," he said. He wrinkled his nose and shook his head away from Sherlock's hand.
John walked the long way around, calling in the order so it would be ready when he finally got there. It was odd ordering for Sherlock again. He thought of Sherlock back at the flat and the games he tried playing. Didn't he realise nothing was the same?
Sherlock swallowed some tea. “There’s nothing we need to talk about,” he said quietly. “I’m just glad you’re back, I guess.”
“We’ve got eyes on the restaurant,” Lestrade said. Someone came into his office and shook his head. “Dammit,” he said.
“I think it sounds like it could be fun,” she said. “I know you don’t think fun is your thing, but you must admit, you and John used to have fun together.”
“Right,” Sherlock said, pretending he was making a list in the air. “Hair colour, eye colour . . . or are you going to claim those don’t matter?”
“I don’t care if he’s waiting for me,” Sherlock said, as he headed to his room. He put threw some clothes into his bag, but spent a little more time choosing some reading to take with him. Then he remembered what he had hidden: John’s Christmas present. They hadn’t talked about exchanging gifts and Sherlock hadn’t intended to encourage it -- holidays really had no meaning to him -- but he’d had an idea and so he’d bought it, just in case. He put the gift back into his drawer and left the room.
Hours later, Sherlock emerged and found John was still here. “I’m bored,” he said, flopping into his chair.
Sherlock kissed him back. “Let’s get on the bed,” he mumbled as he moved their bodies to the mattress.
"This," Sherlock said, leaning in and kissing John's mouth hard. He crowded against him, pushing their bodies together. John moaned in surprise and clutched him harder as he kissed back.
Sherlock easily closed his eyes, relaxing at the touch of John's mouth and fingers. He had a soft smile on his face, knowing that he didn't need to worry about anything and instead just enjoy it all.
John listened to Harry moving around in his room. "Don't snoop through anything!" he shouted. The movement stopped. He wanted to be positive about her news, he truly did. But he had heard the same words out of her mouth many times before.
“Thank you for moving into my cave and for the adventures,” Sherlock said. He reached over and rested his hand on John’s. “And for making me feel safe.”
John glanced over. He took his shirt off and tossed it aside. He sat up and playfully modeled for Sherlock.
“You’re right there, Mrs Hudson,” he said, taking a sip of tea. “This is different.” He was still smiling.
John felt panicked. He took off the condom and moved closer. "We don't have to do anything else -- it's okay." He lay down and moved closer. Maybe this had been a terrible idea.
“Of course,” he said. He’d always been the kitchen helper on holidays, and for some reason, he’d always enjoyed it.
John smiled at his phone. He felt a slap on his arm with a towel, and he looked up to find Mrs Hudson looking sternly at him.
“I know -- I’ve been reading about them,” she said. She paused for a minute. “You didn’t want to bring John along?”
"We don't have to go far. Do any of these sound good?" He asked. “We could become tourists for a few days.”
Sherlock pulled out the mug and said, “I was looking for this last year -- I guess I forgot I put it in here.” He set it down next to him. He pulled out two photographs. Of course, he could remember everything about the two days they’d been taken. He could remember everything. He wiped a hand under his eye and put the photos back in the box. “Here’s your film,” he said, handing it over to John.
Sherlock took the glass and drank it all down in one gulp. He rubbed his head and then lay back down. “Why are you nude?” he asked. He lifted the sheet. “Why am I nude?”
Sherlock slid to John’s cock, sucking it into his mouth, covering it with his swirling tongue. He moaned lightly against as he began to slowly bob up and down. John swore softly and sank into the chair a bit. He left his hand in Sherlock's hair, moaning his name as he watched. Sherlock slipped one hand under John’s arse, gripping the flesh there, pulling lightly as he swallowed John’s cock. He lifted his head to breath before swallowing him down again.
"I brought this picture of us from the zoo trip we took a couple years ago," John said. "I think this was just before we snuck off and then got in trouble."
John looked up at the sound and watched Sherlock for a moment. "Yes, I'm sure whatever you come up with will be great."
"True," Sherlock said. "Though quite a few haven't been in practice for awhile . . . I hope I don't ruin things with those as well." He gave John a little wink.
John's graduation was a whole production. His mum invited his whole family and when his name was called they cheered like maniacs even though they weren't supposed to. He couldn't help grinning, waving at them all. Afterwards they all had dinner at home, and then a big party that lasted into the night. He was happy. He went to bed soon after everyone left and decided not to set his alarm.
“What about him?” Sherlock asked, nodding toward an old man at the next table who looked like an older, balder version of Molly’s new husband.
“You’re right,” Sherlock said. “That’d be stupid.” He took another sip. “Are you going to tell me about your work or not?”
She headed up to the door and bent down to the find the key her mother had left under the mat. She unlocked the door and then turned to give Sherlock the key. “Don’t lose this,” she said and then led them inside.
“I can tell you don’t know how to do anything,” Jim said. “So I thought I could help you be more normal. That’s what friends do.”
John nodded, catching his breath a bit. "Now it's your turn," he said, moving to straddle Sherlock's thighs as he kissed him again.
“I don’t think so,” Sherlock said. “I’ve got a date, don’t forget. Besides, I’m not the one who is looking -- you are.”
Sherlock looked over at the bar and headed over. He stood next to a shorter man who, Sherlock was surprised to find himself noticing, was quite handsome. “What are you doing here?” he asked the man.
“Yes sir,” Sherlock said. He went downstairs and as soon as he hit the pavement, he lit a cigarette. He inhaled deeply and felt the smoke fill his lungs. He stood still smoking and then made his way to the Chinese, waiting outside and smoking another cigarette. When the food was ready, he headed back home, smoking one more. This one made him feel a bit nauseous but he didn’t mind.
She patted his arm and got up to leave. John leaned back in the chair and looked around the much tidier flat. Something heavy was sitting in his chest -- he didn't like thinking Sherlock was mad at him. He also didn’t like thinking of Sherlock feeling confused. Sherlock hated that and John hated the idea he’d contributed to it. Ever since he moved in, people seemed to be surprised with how much Sherlock had taken to John. John didn't think much of it, but if that were true John didn't want to mess it up. He finished eating and kept his phone close, hoping Sherlock would write back soon so they could sort this out.
“Someone has to,” Sherlock said. He leaned back against the sofa and put his feet up on the table. “Actually, can I ask, why aren’t you in your pajamas?”
John nodded. He rolled on the condom and added a bit more lube to be safe. He lined up and started slowly pushing into Sherlock with a soft moan.
"I'm sorry. When I said it would be okay, I really did believe it. I really thought you'd find kids with more in common with you than I ever had and it would be fine. I'm sorry I was wrong."
“That wasn’t actually my task, though,” Sherlock said. “That just came to me – sometimes good ideas just come to interesting people. My original task is a little more . . . dangerous.”
“You raise a good point but obviously I’ve already considered that,” Sherlock said, getting up and picking up their plates. “I’m going to do the washing up now. I think you should go up to your room and put your pajamas on and get into bed.”
Sherlock ignored the comment. “Is something wrong? I mean, is my brain not working and that’s why I can’t remember things and why no one will let me speak to the doctor?” he asked.
John shifted to turn so he could touch Sherlock as well, his hand matching Sherlock. "You too," he said, kissing him again.
Eventually John dozed off. Waking up to his alarm was difficult. He got up and dragged himself downstairs to start getting ready. The first thing he was met with was a messy kitchen table. He worked around it and headed off to class.
John flushed lightly and kissed his hand again. “I have to confess that when I first liked that guy, my mum wasn’t surprised. She said she thought you and I would end up together, and I thought it was crazy. We were friends. But we were young and I didn’t think of us like that. But when she said it . . . I don’t know. I never dated anyone again after that because I kept comparing them to you. I wanted to say that, so you would know too, that no one is like you for me either. I love you too, Sherlock."
Sherlock’s body writhed under John’s touch. “I can’t believe you’re doing this to me,” he mumbled. He meant not just the act but the feeling, how good John was making him feel. Maybe he should’ve expected it –- John was always so different than any other person he’d ever met.
She started to speak and then stopped. They pulled into the drive and when Sherlock got out, he said, “I think I’m going to go up to my room to read,” and went upstairs, shutting his door behind him.
Sherlock smiled and then saw that Mrs Hudson was smiling as well. “Do we have to eat or something?” he asked, changing the subject.
Back at the flat, Sherlock made tea and brought it into the sitting room for John. "So, how do you feel?" he asked him.
John eventually got a cab and met his date. He tried to forget about the conversation with Sherlock, but his mood was sour as they went into the restaurant and sat down. It took a lot of effort to stay focused on her and the conversation they were having at the moment.
"Well, I know he wasn't feeding you or anything, but he took care of you in his own way. And mind you I'll be keeping an eye on the traffic through here," she added.
Sherlock dropped one hand to John's waistband, slowly flicking open the button of John's trousers. "Can I?" he asked.
"That reminds me," Sherlock said. He shifted on the bed, reaching down to try to grab his bag. He couldn't reach it so he sat up properly and lifted it to his lap. He unzipped it and pulled out the envelope his mother had given him. "Here," he said, handing it to John. "My mum was so obsessed with you, she gave me this."
He stood up from the bench and moved to the bars to try to get a sense of the building. He heard voices speaking -- it sounded like a Slavic language -- but they were coming from a distance. He must be in a safe house. He wasn’t sure if there were other cells or other men in those cells.
"I don't know," he said. "But she's determined and if it helps . . . I mean, dinner tonight went well so maybe it'll be okay."
Sherlock tangled their legs, pushing himself into John’s body. “We don’t have any clothes on,” he said stupidly before kissing John’s mouth again. Then he leaned forward even more, pushing John onto his back. He kept kissing his mouth, but let his hand move down to John’s hip, gripping it tightly. “This okay?” he asked.
It felt awkward now, so John said, "Okay. I'll let you rest.” He backed out and shut Sherlock's door. He went up to his own room to get ready for bed.
“We’ll come get you,” Sherlock’s mum said. “Sherlock, the soup’s lovely. Have you got any good camping recipes?”
John grinned and rolled his eyes again. When everything was put away he stretched and went to take a shower. He needed to start getting ready.
"Impressive," Sherlock said. He stubbed out his fag. "I'll go make a salad. Will that be enough for you, do you think?" he asked.
Sherlock shifted on the bed, pushing John back and moving between his legs. “You’re so sexy,” he said, looking down at John’s body. “I can’t wait to be inside you,” he added, dribbling some lube into his hand. He stroked John’s cock a few times and then dipped his hand lower, teasingly passing his finger over John’s hole.
“Good,” Sherlock said. He smiled genuinely and then stretched a little. “I know you’ve got to get up to eat dinner and do homework or whatever, but maybe you could sleep in here tonight and we could . . . try again?”
“Don’t look at me, look at the telly,” Sherlock said and put the remote in John’s hand. He picked up his mug for another drink.
Sherlock thought for a moment and then unbuttoned his shirt. He tried to play it cool as he dropped it to the floor and picked up his glass for a sip.
John bucked, so their cocks rubbed together. "What do you like?" he asked, kissing down Sherlock's neck to his chest.
"Please? Mrs Holmes is making my favourite and she said it's okay and it's the last weekend of summer . . ."
Sherlock got up. "I'll make some tea," he said. "Do you think she'll want to eat food or something?"
Sherlock had begun work immediately after getting back. He was in the flow and feeling very good. Especially after he kicked Mrs Hudson out of the flat. She’d come up to borrow some milk and had begun berating him for the mess he was making. He let her go for a few minutes, but she soon became too distracting, so he made a comment about not being interested in her complaints about laziness and now her complaints about work, sending her downstairs with a bottle of milk and the hope he’d be able to focus for the rest of the evening.
“Five hours to finish thinking about the activity you came up with,” Sherlock said. “To prove we’re not boring.”
“It shouldn’t pretend to be real,” Sherlock said grumpily. A new case started. “Both of them are lying,” he said. “But I suppose that’s irrelevant.”
“Could you lift your arms and hold the headboard, please?” Sherlock asked and then quickly added in a sterner voice, “Arms up.”
John’s mind was drifting to Sherlock again, and he wondered if he should write another letter. But the thought of not getting a reply again was too much -- he didn’t want that disappointment so he didn’t write. He stopped dating and he threw himself into his extra-curriculars, playing rugby and going to tutoring to keep his grades up. That became his main focus as he tried to overpower the other thoughts trying to crowd into his head. They didn’t matter anymore.
“Is that your deal then, being nice? Coming to Molly’s wedding just to be nice? Joining our table just to be nice?”
Sherlock filed the comment away without acknowledging it. “It should be wrapped up soon, I would guess,” he said. “I’ll let Lestrade know.” He rushed to put his things into his bag. “Thanks for your help,” he muttered as he headed out. He wanted to ring John immediately but didn’t want to risk blowing anything. He thought about stopping by Scotland Yard, but for some stupid reason, he wanted to tell John first. He wanted to hear John call him amazing, even though he’d noticed that word hadn’t crossed John’s lips yet on this case, despite Sherlock’s hard work. This made him wonder about why exactly Lestrade had done this, giving John a separate task. Was it just some kind of dig at Sherlock? He supposed it didn’t really matter. He headed home hoping John would be back soon.
"Amanda," she said with a smile. "Enjoy" she added, turning and going into the back again. John lifted the book and started to read, but spent most of his time looking around at the different customers coming in and out. A man came up to the counter carrying a book, and she disappeared into the back room. When she returned, she handed the book back to him and said, “Sorry -- we don’t have anything else by that author.” The man took the book and left.
Sherlock moaned softly as he wiped his hand over his face which was damp with sweat. He opened his eyes and stared up at the ceiling. It was painted off white and had one visible crack. He closed his eyes again. “It’s so much . . .” he mumbled.
Sherlock pressed his hips against John's as he sucked roughly on John's neck. Then he let a hand slip between their bodies and held John's cock before moving into a slow stroke. John bucked in surprise and then lay still, moaning Sherlock's name deeply as he imagined what that lovely hand looked like around him. He squeezed him closer, his breathing getting heavier. Sherlock's mouth moved down to his collarbone and he sucked the skin there. He pressed himself against John's leg as he continued his stroke. John moved his leg to give Sherlock friction as he swore breathlessly.
“Here, let me try one more,” Sherlock said, taking the phone and dialing a number. He set the phone down and waited.
"My best friend is leaving me, of course I'm upset. I'm trying to enjoy sleeping over at his house."
“I used to love to be alone before you,” Sherlock said, letting his arms wrap around John to pull his body closer. “What have you done to me, John Watson?”
Sherlock turned his body slightly, snuggling his head against John’s lap. The room seemed quiet, and he thought he could hear their heart beats. He slid his hand behind John’s back and held it there.
“You’re braver than he is. Molly is the princess, though I think Mrs Hudson would have a few thoughts about why she was not portrayed similarly in this story,” Sherlock said. “I suppose that leaves you as the wizard because you help me with the mysterious things all the time.”
"All right then," Sherlock said. "Go get some cards and I'll top up our wine." He moved into the kitchen and grabbed the bottle.
“Well, I’ve never seen what you look like after sex -- until now obviously -- and it doesn’t seem all that different to what you looked like before,” Sherlock said. “So as long as the condom’s not stuck to your shoe or something, I think we’re good. Besides, it’s not a crime. Just a little adventure between strangers.”
John hesitated. Did he want to help this person, coming around to insult Sherlock? But Sherlock wouldn't have cared about that -- only how interesting the case was. John took a deep breath.
They got into the elevator and John pushed the button. As the door was closing he pressed up against Sherlock and tugged him down to kiss him. Sherlock pushed John back against the lift’s wall, adding urgency to the kiss. He gripped John’s hips and pulled them close as John slid his hand into those curls, moaning as he tugged softly.
"Tea," Sherlock said, handing him a cup. "Don't get too accustomed to me serving you in the morning, by the way."
At Baker Street, Mrs Hudson was shouting at Sherlock. “If you’re not working, why can’t you help me?” she asked.
Sherlock watched John let go. Then he pressed his face against the pillow as he tried to catch his breath. He felt drained of all energy.
John nodded. "Yeah, I went to work for a bit this morning. I’m glad to see you're up and walking around," he said.
John covered his mouth as he laughed harder, his hand on Sherlock's arm still as they shook with it. It felt good to be carefree, to be able to laugh freely.
Sherlock knelt down and used his hands to push away more dirt as John moved the shovel after each dig. Finally, he said, “I can feel it -- use the shovel at the side to pry it out.”
“Because I’m not normal, John -- you are,” Sherlock said. “You always have been and now you have normal friends to be normal around and you’ll get a normal job and you’ll go on to have a normal life.” He couldn’t meet John’s eyes but pushed the box toward him.
“Well, we’ve seen films, we’ve gone to restaurants together,” Sherlock said. “Does that mean we’ve been dating all this time?”
“If you have a nightmare, I could come up and . . . lie by you if you’d like,” Sherlock said quietly. “Like you wanted to earlier.”
“It’s a case, John -- we need to go now,” Sherlock said as if it were the most obvious thought in the world.
“Well, because there was no audience and if you’d shown up, the rest of them probably would’ve assumed I was paying you to be my friend,” Sherlock said. “It was easier to just not really be noticed -- and they would’ve definitely noticed you.”
“I’ll trust you,” Sherlock said, even though he knew he probably wouldn’t enjoy the film. But he would enjoy sitting close to John so that was all that mattered.
Sherlock looked over at John to see if he was still awake. “Do you know who they’re going to see?” he whispered.
"It does though," Sherlock said. "I've seen the way you react when other people say . . . things like that. And she knows you -- was trying to hurt you -- so it must bother you."
“You know who I’m talking about,” she said, glancing over. “Has he finally given you a proper case then?”
John was adding more wood to the fire to keep it going for a bit more. It was nice sitting outside and listening to the crackling of it burning.
John raised his glass and smiled. "I hope so too," he said. He turned and walked away from the man, smiling wider when he knew he couldn't be seen.
Sherlock moved into the kitchen and started the kettle. He hoped Harry would be all right. The facility was good - if he could survive it, surely she could. He hoped for John's sake she'd made it through.
“I was up late doing the experiment,” Sherlock admitted. “But I cleaned up, I hope you noticed. Eventually at least.”
“Of course, I will,” Sherlock said as he slid a slick finger inside him. “I always do.” He kissed John’s mouth hard. “I’m inside,” he said, his hand on John’s cock slowing to match the pulse of his finger. “I’m inside . . .” he said again softly. “Does it feel good? Tell me.”
He carefully took the bandages off. "It'll sting a little," he said. He rubbed a cream in to keep them from getting infected, then used a numbing cream so the skin wouldn't be as sore. "How did this happen?"
John answered the door and called for him mum. He watched Sherlock the whole time, sharing in the embarrassment.
John nodded, using the break in kissing to do away with Sherlock's shirt properly and then began focusing on his jaw and neck.
"I doubt you know anything more embarrassing than I already know . . ." Sherlock said, dangling the bait.
Sherlock sat down and scooped a bit of food out onto his plate and then passed the container to John. “Thanks for dinner, by the way,” he added.
"That was fun," Sherlock said. "But she does have a point -- why haven't you made a fire, John? You're the responsible one around here and that seems a very irresponsible decision, especially as you've been trying to get me to take my clothes off all day. Are you up to something nefarious?"
Sherlock looked at John. John looked at Sherlock. “I don’t know what this is about,” Sherlock said. “But I suppose you should come in.” He turned as his brain quickly tried to process what was happening. What was Mrs Hudson doing?
"Alright, sure. I think that's a good idea," John said. He didn't want to admit he was a bit anxious about the news himself.
Sherlock glanced at John who was turned, washing up the dishes. He handed Harry his card. "You can call me," he said. "If you think you want to leave, call me first." He turned quickly and called to John, "I said I'd clean up while you were away."
As soon as the words hit Sherlock's ears, he was coming. "Fuck," he called loudly, doing his best to maintain his hand's movement on John's cock.
“I hope so, John,” Sherlock said. “I don’t know what I’m doing . . . as a flatmate, I mean,” he added with a smile. He leaned in and kissed John’s mouth. Memories of Molly’s wedding came back and the kiss grew with urgency.
"Oh please. He's not going anywhere anyway. I want him to know how stupid he was." She looked at John again. "I read your little stories on your blog -- I love a good mystery. I recognised you from the photos."
"Well, I'm not exactly in a rush either. To do it, I mean. I want to actually like the person I'm with." He could only say this to Sherlock. His teammates would give him such a hard time if they heard him say that.
Sherlock closed his eyes and listened to the film's dialogue, but then he realised he was listening to John's heart beat. Did it seem irregular? No, that was stupid. He opened his eyes. "I'm a bit nervous," he said softly and then tried to focus again on the film.
John looked at his back. "No, but you're burned," he said. "Just a little. Do you have lotion or aloe?"
“I’ll try as well,” Sherlock said, getting up. “We’ll get through this fine,” he said and headed off to his room.
“We are definitely different,” Sherlock said, looking up at John’s face. “That’s good, though. . . right?”
Sherlock paused and then said, “Are you just doing this to have something to hold over me? Some way for you and Lestrade to subtly point out my flaws, despite the fact that I care nothing about my inability to make strung out women trust me? Is that why you’re doing this? Because we shouldn’t compete -- I know I joked about it yesterday -- but if there’s some kind of tension here, you should probably just say it.”
“Right,” Lestrade said. “He said you were a medical doctor -- mind if I ask you a couple questions about her?” he asked, nodding toward the body.
"Yes, it was pretty good," Sherlock said, his face breaking into a wide grin. "It's been a long time - I'm glad I remembered how to do it," he laughed.
“God, John,” Sherlock said, his voice louder than he’d expected it to be. “I’m going to explode already!” He glanced down and almost laughed at how entirely unexpected this all was. He dropped his head against the pillow and lifted a hand to cover his eyes. “You’re good at that by the way,” he said.
When John was sure his mum was sleeping, he put on the black clothes and quietly left the house. He grabbed the shovel but then realised his bike was locked in the shed. He decided to walk instead, getting more and more nervous as he got closer.
Unfortunately, it didn’t take too long for his mum to run out of things to talk about. So she said, “Are you looking forward to starting back to school, John?”
"Why don't you go get comfortable?" Sherlock said and then laughed a bit at his language. "I just mean, I'm going to get ready for bed -- why don't you as well?"
“He claimed to be a client,” Sherlock said. “He didn’t come in obviously, I didn’t even open the door. I just can’t believe there are idiots like that out there.” Which was stupid to say because of course he was well aware of the amount of idiots in the world since he spent a great deal of his time pointing them out.
"Ugh, yes John, I know," she said, barreling her way passed him. John followed her upstairs and sent a text to Sherlock.
John waited for more but Sherlock didn't elaborate. He started digging again, pushing the shovel deep.
He sensed movement and slowly looked up. Through the trees he could see a deer. He moved slowly, slipping his phone from his pocket.
Sherlock tried to focus on his book as John made some food and brought it into the living room, sitting down and flipping through the channels.
John hummed around Sherlock's cock and looked up again. he couldn't help it -- Sherlock was too sexy, lost in pleasure.
"I hadn’t thought about it until I saw it," he said. He took out Sherlock's cock and nuzzled along the shaft before taking Sherlock into his mouth, bobbing back and forth.
"No, not since I left rehab," Sherlock said. "And I'll also answer your unasked question -- yes, I have been tempted, but ultimately, the cases fulfill that need now." He found it hard to look at John, but he tried. "And I also know now it'd hurt you if I were to . . . make poor decisions again. I don't want to hurt you."
“So what do we do now? I wish I hadn’t got up – I wish I had just slept through this whole thing,” he said.
“No, not that kind of dangerous,” Sherlock said. “I was thinking we could ring some people and . . . well, prank them. Saying it aloud, I realise it’s quite immature, and while I’m sure it’d be classified as nuisance or harassment, I think the police probably have other issues to deal with.”
Mrs Hudson quickly secreted the cigarettes into her handbag and then turned to John. “What do you think? Shall we get a ticket as a treat?” she asked. “We can share the winnings.”
“Hello, sir, I’m sorry to disturb you, but I’m sitting here with my colleague and we’re both wearing business suits because we’re business men who do business and we were wondering if you’d like to hire us.”
“Let’s go back outside and wait to see what she says,” Sherlock said. He poured them each some more lemonade and they went outside. He lit up a cigarette. “Didn’t you say you were getting a job or something?” he asked.
Sherlock stood still for a minute. "Hold on," he said. He moved quietly out of his room, down the stairs, and out the back. He came around to the side of the house where John was standing with a shovel.
"Well, I just didn't realise that being around me all the time translated to having feelings for me," he said. "I didn't know you were interested in that sort of thing," he said.
Sherlock stepped back and started to unbutton John’s shirt, letting it fall off and to the ground. “Should I take off mine now?” he asked, starting to undo the buttons.
“I agree -- early nights are rarely good,” Sherlock said. “Yet . . . this is as far as I’ve planned really. I appreciate I implied danger and excitement, but . . . have you got any ideas that might bring excitement?“
It was basically one big room with a kind of sofa against one wall and a few chairs and a bookcase against the other. At the rear were two doors, one for the bathroom and one leading to the back garden. One corner was a little kitchen space with a table, on which set a vase of flowers. “Grandma’s been by to tidy,” Sherlock’s mum said. “Make sure it’s as tidy when you leave.”
They lay there catching their breath. “Your flat’s a bit bare,” Sherlock said finally. He glanced over and smiled as he added, “Comfortable bed, though.”
Suddenly the deer darted off. “That was cool,” Sherlock said, finishing his cigarette and then stubbing it out on a brick  in the path. “Here, sit down,” he said, getting up and grabbing the other chair.
“Remember what you used to want to play Army every time you came over? I’m glad you got over that phase,” Sherlock said.
“Fine, it won’t be,” Sherlock said with a smile. “I’ll remind you that you said that, though. Just so you know, I have an excellent memory.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said reaching for two mugs before grabbing the milk. “Do you whatever you need to do.”
It didn't answer John's curiosity, but he kissed Sherlock again and made to move lower, kissing his way down Sherlock's neck to his chest.
“I want to make you feel good,” Sherlock said, his hand picking up a little speed. “I want you to come to me when you want to feel good.”
"Well, I mean it’s likely, isn’t it? That’s what happens when you join an Army that’s fighting somewhere.”
Sherlock wasn’t sure if he should be worried about this or not. His first instinct was that he should be, but in truth, he wasn’t. Obviously he trusted John. Unusual, but certainly not the first unusual thought he’d had since he first met John.
“That’s rude,” Sherlock said. “Just because you don’t appreciate my sexiness, it doesn’t mean I don’t have it.” He took a sip of tea. “Besides, you liked it last night.” He turned his head and gave John a loving look.
"Have you been relaxing?" Sherlock asked. "I mean, do you feel relaxed or are you still wound up about Harry and everything?"
When that turned out to be the answer John smiled and pinched Sherlock's arm lightly. "Show off," he teased.
Sherlock didn't respond. Angelo came over to take their orders, and Sherlock got his usual. "Harry, what would you like? Everything here is good," he said flatly.
“I’m sorry I started this up,” Sherlock said. “Well, I’m not sorry actually, but I want you to know that I didn’t expect this to happen . . . I don’t expect it to keep happening if you or we decide it shouldn’t.” He hadn’t looked at John yet, worried he shouldn’t have acted on impulse in a way he couldn’t run away from like usual.
"Sit in the window like you do when you think I'm sleeping," he said. "You're not leaving." He pushed Sherlock gently further into the flat and away from the door.
“It’s hurting my back for some reason,” Sherlock said, sitting up. He lifted his shirt over his head and turned toward John. “Did I get stung by something maybe?”
Sherlock glanced at John and rolled his eyes before grabbing one of this bags and turning to leave. “Sorry about that,” he mumbled to John.
“Of course not, John. I was making a joke – remember jokes? Hmm, you assured me yesterday that we weren’t boring and today you seem to entirely lost your sense of humour. . . this does not bode well.”
“I am as well,” Sherlock said. He handed John the glass of whiskey. “Finish this, but don't spill any on your pretty outfit,” he said.
John shook his head. "No," he said. "I know you've been doing this a long time. I shouldn't have tried to get in your way," he said, climbing into the bed.
Sherlock pulled a face, grabbed the biscuits and tea, and headed into the sitting room. John put the ice cream in the freezer and followed him.
Sherlock had no idea what she was talking about. He hadn’t seen her for a couple of weeks. He glanced at John.
"Don't be a baby just because I was clever enough to do your dare," Sherlock said. "But I am still cold -- more wine or tea or both? Both, I think," he said standing up. He turned on the kettle then looked around for another bottle of wine. He opened it and brought it back to the table, and then made two cups of tea which he also brought in.
She turned back again. "I don't know. I like black coffee and they have a good brew. I’m sure their tea is just as good."
"So it appears. But maybe we did, in a way," John said. He shifted and settled down again, tugging Sherlock to join him.
"No idea," Sherlock said. "She's been rabbiting on all afternoon." He got up to make John a cup of tea. "Work all right?"
“Very humorous,” Mycroft said. “I can see by your face that your body still hurts you. Obviously it’s been injured and will recover soon enough. That’s not what this rest is about. You are taking a short break to rest your brain, let your brain recover. I remember a time when you promised me that you’d look after your brain -- I remember you’re telling me you’d never take risks with your mind again. Do you remember that?”
“Well, we’re just happy you’ve found your place,” his father said. “We weren’t worried or anything -- we’re just happy you’re happy.”
Sherlock smiled into the kiss. "I suppose you have no idea how badly you've been torturing me the last few months?" he asked.
Sherlock was pleased he’d trusted his instinct and called his brother. “Yes,” he said. “What do you know and how do you know it?”
Sherlock wasn’t sure what Molly was referring to -- was John also a detective? That’s when he realised he didn’t even know John’s work was. What had he been thinking shagging a complete stranger? Actually, at this point, Molly’s comment made him feel a little bit better. Whatever connection she imagined, perhaps that’s what made their tryst all right.
Sherlock opened his laptop and browser, but the news was only about the virus. Part of him wondered why he wasn’t more interested – finally it seemed some people were paying attention to science. But he couldn’t deny that every reminder caused an anxiety to pulse through his body. He checked the angle of his computer to make sure John couldn’t see. Then he searched for a solitaire game and opened up to start playing. “I’m doing research on tigers,” he said. “For the story.”
Sherlock looked down. He finished cutting the vegetables and dumped them into a pot. He turned on the heat. “I’m sorry I wasn’t able to help,” he said, without turning round.
"Hide in here," Sherlock said. "It's warmer -- we should stay in here where there are fewer windows."
It was too long, the end hanging almost to his ankles. He buttoned it up and popped the collar, grinning stupidly before hurrying out. He didn't pass many people, but he still felt like he was on display, being watched. But he felt a bit cool, as long as he focused on the collar part, and not the too long end.
Sherlock called out, feeling like a jolt of electricity had just gone through him. His arm shook on the bed, and he dropped to his elbow, letting go of his cock for a moment, worried he’d finish before it started. “John,” he mumbled, his voice soft in between the pants of his breath.
"No," she said, turning a bit in her seat. "It's you." She reached over the back and handed him an envelope. "Please give this to John from us."
“I suppose but I think it would have worked better if it had turned out the rat possessed magic and conjured up a spell enslaving the children and mother and the rat made the house the castle of his kingdom and lived there happily ever after,” Sherlock said. “That world sounds much better than this one. For the rat at least.” He sat up, reached behind John and grabbed a blanket to pull over him. “Okay, another one, please,” he said as he snuggled up.
"Hmm, I think he got in some trouble. He looks very sketchy." John gasped. "Look! This boy just stole this woman's wallet!"
"Fine," Sherlock said. "Fair is fair." He bundled the cards into a stack and shoved them toward John.
“As a matter fact, it is,” Sherlock said with a smile. “What are your plans after you finish that drink?”
“I know I am confusing,” Sherlock said. “But I am not confused about what I want.” He pressed John’s hips against his own.
Sherlock had got back from a day of going through files in a locked room, all alone, and opened his laptop to read the newest post. It mentioned Angelo’s, and Sherlock was suddenly overcome with homesickness. He opened up his secure messenger and sent his brother a message.
Sherlock let his hips go a little. Noises came from his throat, and he could feel his whole body tighten as he jerked and came with one last thrust.
“Yes,” she said. “He’ll be back on Christmas, though. We won’t do anything big, though, but you’ll help me in the kitchen, right?”
"I know," John said. After a second of hesitation, he started petting Sherlock's hair. "There's a lot we should have done before. Said before." He took a deep breath. "We have time now."
“I have to do everything around here,” Sherlock said, pushing him away again and then standing up. He went to the kitchen and chose two boxes from the freezer. He stuck them in the oven and then went to the toilet. When the food was finished he brought them into the sitting room. “This looks quite disgusting,” he said, stirring it suspiciously with his fork.
“Is that really all I did?” he looked around. “Many people are standing next to you, but you chose me.”
"I was driving you mad?" John asked loudly. He took a deep breath. "No, I'm not getting into this with you. We've got work now."
“Finally,” Sherlock said as he came out of the bathroom. “See? I can go to the toilet myself -- I don’t know why I need to be under house arrest.” He slowly climbed back onto the bed, but decided not to lift up his legs. He turned a little to face the chair as John sat down. “So you were at work?”
John nodded. "I barely ate at home. We had leftovers heated up -- I knew your mum would have something good," he grinned.
Mrs Hudson rolled her eyes but gave him a smile. They watched Molly and her new husband move around talking to people at tables and then eventually the two were directed to the food. Sherlock seemed eager to get up, but Mrs Hudson pointed out he had to wait as things seemed quite organised and tables were being asked to go up in a certain order.
John flipped him off as he disappeared, but he smiled to himself. He needed to think of a good, fun game that he could beat Sherlock at.
Sherlock considered pestering him, but instead he got up and went to the bathroom. Then he went into the kitchen and put the kettle on so he could have tea ready.
“It’s weird,” Sherlock said instinctively. Because it was. But it wasn’t bad. His hand started to stroke his cock.
Sherlock took one more sip and then set his cup down. He gave John a kiss and said, “Let me at least go change out of these clothes.”
“You’re not at the surgery tomorrow then?” Sherlock asked. “I used to know your schedule, but I don’t seem to know what’s going. Did you tell me you were doing work on the case after the surgery today? I don’t remember your telling me.”
“I don’t know, John,” Sherlock said. “I’ve already forgotten what normal is – well, our normal, I mean.” He closed his eyes and tried to think. “Well, normally you would probably be out on a date, so maybe that’s what’s throwing me off. You always go out when we don’t have a case.”
“It wasn’t a case -- I’m still waiting on them,” Sherlock said. “I was just . . . trying to solve something else.” He took a sip of tea. “How was your day? Save anyone from a stuffed up nose?”
“You did do a lot of work . . . but planning all that chair business was quite a bit of work as well and it was done purely to reward you. So I’m thinking . . . maybe you should be the one to get up and make me a cup of tea?” Sherlock said.
"I..." John looked at the shovel in his hand and the slightly destroyed plants. "I was digging up our -- " he paused. “I was digging up the box.”
“Don’t do that, Sherlock, it’s disgusting,” she said. “I spoke to your grandparents -- you can use the cabin. You’ll need to take sleeping bags, towels, and food, but the electrics work so you should be fine. When you two have decided when you’re going, let me and your father know, please.” She left them alone.
John couldn't stop the gasp. Sherlock's back was torn apart and bruised. He shifted and got off the bed, leaving to get his medical bag.
“What guy?” Sherlock asked and then stopped. All of a sudden he was hit a jolt of realisation: he was not going to be the one who solves this, John was. Because this case wasn’t about narrowing down ingredients or determining effects of a drug -- Sherlock had done those things, but in many ways, they were irrelevant. This case was about arresting a dealer. Which is what John was asked to work on and what John alone would do.
Sherlock headed down and let John in. As soon as he saw him, he smiled. It felt like it used to. “We should say hello to my mum -- I think she missed you,” he said, leading him through the house out to the back.
“See you tomorrow,” Sherlock said, closing the door. He stood there for a second, trying to decide what he felt he needed to do before the trip, but it felt like there were too many things in his head. He made a cup of tea and took it to the garden to have a cigarette.
“John,” Sherlock said softly, wrapping an arm around him and pulling him close. “God, I missed you -- I feel like I missed this even though we’ve never done it before.”
"Like shortly after the mission started, our knight sent her a body, disguised of course because a princess shouldn't see such things, but she not only figured out what it was but how they were murdered and it was with a deadly poison. Other people got killed – in fact it almost got our hero as well. She had a knack for it, seeing things like that."
But Sherlock knew that was stupid, so instead he tried to change the subject. “Have you eaten your dinner?” he asked.
John grinned and couldn't think of something clever to say, so he left it for now to start getting ready.
After picking him up, Mycroft had spent the drive from the prison to a hotel berating Sherlock, but doing so quite vaguely. Sherlock knew what this meant -- whatever had happened had not actually been his fault, but Mycroft’s. His brother responded to feelings of guilt by blaming someone else. He had also stayed silent on the specifics of what had actually happened to Sherlock. This was fine -- at the moment, Sherlock didn’t really even want to know. He just wanted to go home. Eventually, Mycroft confirmed that Sherlock would get his wish.
Sherlock eased his body back slowly. “Turn round and let me look at you,” he said, pulling on John’s arm.
John bit his lip and pointed. "The noodles aren't cooked. It needs to be boiled before you bake it."
While John was gone, Sherlock changed into his pajamas and then pulled the cover off his bed. He threw a pillow down to the bottom and moved there, against the wall.
“No,” Sherlock said, propping John’s knees up and spreading his legs. He moved between them and let his hands explore. “I’ll be doing all the touching.”
"I'll care for my brother how I see fit. And you are synonymous with work for him--you get him worked up. He needs rest -- as his colleague, you want his brain at its best, correct?”
“Well, you’ve had a few sips of whiskey so that probably took the edge off,” Sherlock said, yawning into a little stretch. “Did you like the story?”
Sherlock decided to ride with his parents all the way to his aunt's house, where they left their car. He shared a taxi with them to the station to help his father unload their bags and then had the taxi drop him at a coffee shop not far from the flat. He stood outside and smoked a cigarette and then went in for a cup of tea. He got out his phone.
“I don't have anything planned tonight,” John said. “However, speaking of plans, I'm taking our suspect to dinner tomorrow."
"Okay. Um, just a water for me as well. And a glass of white wine," he said, glancing back at their table.
John moved the phone from his ear and peeked out of the bathroom. He crept into the kitchen and started quietly making himself a snack to take up to his own room.
John looked at him for a moment before shaking his head. "No," he said. "I got home okay," he smiled.
“This is part of working together . . .,” Sherlock started then stopped. “Don’t bother pretending -- obviously you care more about dating than working.”
So deep apparently that he’d not heard John leave. When Sherlock emerged from his bedroom to make a cup of tea, he read John’s note. This did not feel good at all -- he’d wanted to speak to John and get a little more clarity on his plan for this so-called date with the woman. He grabbed his phone and called Lestrade.
John nodded again, taking his shirt and trousers off. He lay under the blanket in his pants and undershirt, the TV playing softly until he fell asleep.
“Obviously not. I have things to do,” Mycroft said. “Besides, the doctor said no stress and I recognise that for some reason I fail to understand, my presence occasionally causes you stress.”
John took a sip of wine and leaned back into Sherlock's hand. It felt good -- Sherlock knew he liked his hair played with when he wanted to relax. Sherlock's tone made John look over at him again. "Why are you talking like that?" he asked. "I have information for you. About the case."
Sherlock took his tea over to his desk and opened his laptop. There really were a couple enquiries -- nothing too inspiring -- but he went ahead and responded, requesting meetings as soon as possible. He didn’t really fancy more days sitting at home without John.
John almost stepped back, just a shift. He softly repeated Sherlock’s words, not sure what to make of them. Suddenly, he remembered a line from the messages -- about reconsidering things he thought were true. "Was that you in the blog? The last case?"
“Let’s just act like it didn’t happen,” she said. She glanced over at him. “I was still your first kiss, though, right?”
“Everyone is glad you’re home,” she said. She paused for a minute. “Speaking of that, have you spoken to John? I talked to his mum a few weeks ago -- he’s going into the Army.”
John closed his eyes and imagined the two of them, the way their lives were now. It was all very familiar. He smiled softly as he listened.
“Preparations -- I don’t know . . . gift wrapping, peeling potatoes, doing something pleasant for once since it’s Christmas, please,” she said. She sat down on his bed. “Sure you don’t want to invite John?”
John pulled off slowly, licking every inch and even circling the head before looking up at Sherlock.
John still didn't know what Sherlock had tried before. He reached over to his drawer and took out a small bottle and a condom.
Sherlock moved his hand fast and hard on his cock as his body jerked against the mattress with each of John’s thrusts. “Oh god,” he called against John’s mouth as the tension built and then pushed him over the edge.
Sherlock smiled as he buttered John’s toast. He brought it over to John and then returned to get two mugs of tea. “Did you sleep well?” he asked. “She’s right – you did sleep quite late.”
Sherlock took a bite and crinkled his face. “This tastes like a dead elephant,” he said after he forced himself to swallow it.
“I’m Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock said. He held out his hand for John to shake. “Well, we’ve met now so I suppose I’ll get going.”
“I’m on my way home,” Sherlock said. He lit a cigarette and rushed back to the flat. “Thank god,” he said, coming in. “What do I need to know?”
“Do you have what we need somewhere in this room?” Sherlock asked. His hand went to his own cock to stroke himself impatiently.
Sherlock looked over at the tall man then smiled smugly. “Believe him,” he said. He pulled the handsome man close, slipping his arm around his back.
“You do remember you’re working, right?” Sherlock asked. “You’re not actually dating her, you know.”
“Of course,” Mycroft said. “Though I’m available to offer a second opinion.” He looked around. “Well, you have everything you need here -- .” He moved to the door. “About John Watson -- he is a reminder of work so I think a break from him will also be beneficial.”
John gripped both of Sherlock's wrists. "No, leave it," he said, glancing up at Sherlock's eyes before letting his own move over Sherlock's body again.
"Maybe now you can practice since we have nothing better to do," John smiled over at him. "I'll teach you how to just be instead of having to solve everything."
Mrs Hudson looked over at John. “Well, perhaps he just came to celebrate Molly’s marriage,” she said. “Or perhaps he’s looking for someone new,” she added raising her eyebrows slightly.
“John’s not work,” Sherlock said. “Not just work, I mean.” He thought for a moment. “If I’m not going back to the flat, I need to tell him a few things -- flat-related things.”
Sherlock knew John was right, but somehow that made him even angrier. He moved swiftly over to his desk, pushing John out of the way. “You deal with your things,” he said, sitting down. “Don’t even touch my things.”
John bought Sherlock a drink and turned to face the stage, looking around at the crowd as the show went on.
"We have to. You came back from the war so…broken. You were hurt and angry and…I don't know. You closed yourself off, and I was so messed up. But now you're…Sherlock did this?"
“Maybe,” Sherlock said. He wondered what that meant but liked the idea. He stepped back from the gravestone. “Sorry this wasn’t very dangerous,” he added.
“Is it?” Sherlock threw the question into the air. Then he looked at John suspiciously. “Was this all your idea -- a way to get rid of me for a while?” he asked. “I thought we had worked out our differences after the heads-in-the-fridge incident?”
John rolled his hips slowly, moving against Sherlock as they kept kissing. He continued playing with Sherlock's hair.
"I'll just have the lasagna," Harry said. John ordered his own meal and handed the menus to Angelo. There was a moment of awkward silence before Harry started talking again. "Okay, so the making amends part isn't just crashing at your place. I have to actually say some things so just . . . shut up and listen."
"When you were children?" Sherlock asked. "I'm not a child." He rolled roughly onto his back and then said, "God, I'm bored" as he kicked his heels against the cushion. He sat up. "Okay, fine. What games?"
John reached down and touched Sherlock's hair again. The sound of the vibrator was driving him crazy, never mind Sherlock's hands and mouth on him. "You'll take care of me, won’t you?" he asked softly.
Suddenly the voices were louder, and he heard the sharp slam of a door. Two men approached his cell, but Sherlock did not have the strength the stand up.
John sighed softly, watching Sherlock for a moment. He pushed himself up and moved over to the sofa. "I think I got a lot of good info -- should I start now?" he asked, reaching for his notebook.
She didn’t answer; she could see he was struggling with something and hoped that he could talk it out.
John pushed off Sherlock's shirt, grazing his hand over the exposed skin. Then he copied Sherlock and started tugging on his pajama bottoms.
"All right," Sherlock said. He waited for John to move and then pushed himself up on the sofa, getting redressed. He stood and grabbed his bag which he dropped by the bed when he got into his room. "I'm going to get undressed," he said unnecessarily. He stripped off his clothes and quickly slid under the covers.
Sherlock wondered if that was really true. He tried to imagine John in the flat. Was he in bed or in his chair? Suddenly, it seemed strange not to know precisely where John was.
Sherlock stared at his computer for a moment, his empty Inbox stared back. Finally, he said, “Concentrate on finding me a criminal first, will you? That’s what I need to be able to pay your ridiculous high rent.”
John saw Sherlock on the kerb when the cab pulled up. He got out and smiled at Sherlock before he started taking out the boxes. "I told you, there's not very much," he said. "Thanks for helping."
“Your food all right?” Sherlock said. “Maybe we could go out tomorrow -- if you’re back in time, I mean. If not, the next day. Or whenever.”
“Nothing,” Sherlock said quickly, glancing over at John. “Can John stay the night if his mum says it’s all right?’
John walked in, looking all around. He'd never been in here before. "I'm home," he said pointlessly.
His mother made a small dinner which they ate together at the table and then the three of them read before the fire. It was a quaint sight in the room, and for some reason, Sherlock didn’t mind it that much. He had no crime to investigate, no case to work on, so he might as well let this be a restful break.
“I’m working on an experiment -- skin cells,” Sherlock said. He poured the tea and passed a cup to John. “I suppose we should sit down,” he said, nodding back toward the sitting room.
Sherlock also woke up early, checking his things before he headed downstairs. His mum and dad were having coffee outside, so he went out to say he was ready. They were both smiling in a way that made him feel like they’d been talking about him, but he didn’t ask to confirm. They said they’d be leaving in the afternoon, so he texted John to let him know.
Now Sherlock gave her a full smile. “Thanks,” he said. “But the sooner he comes, the sooner I leave, and the sooner he leaves me alone.”
“Because you’re fun,” Sherlock said. He wasn’t really sure what he was saying or even why this was happening. He lifted a hand to John’s hair as he moved to kiss John’s neck.
"So what do you want to try?" John asked, wondering for the first time if Sherlock had tried anything before.
"I don't think harassing me was the best idea," John said, but realized Sherlock might not catch on that he was half teasing. "It seems like you didn't need much help saying what you wanted to say."
