"Yeah, I thought so."
Your odd behavior seemed to me a regular occurrence now, since it’s been going on for weeks now. I gave up in trying to get you to hold Kylie, no matter how much her bright blue eyes sparkled whenever she looked at you, I stopped asking you what the problem was, and I’m so sorry for that, Sherlock. I tried to move past it and act like everything was okay, because it bloody fucking wasn’t. You were in trouble, you needed help, and I just gave up on you. What a shitty, shitty husband I am.
Sherlock’s head was close enough that John could kiss it without much effort. He did, and then he stroked it. He looked at his clock. It was time for him to get ready. Rosie started crying.
“We’ll be more than happy to lend you some of our clothes then.”
“Thank you.” He readjusted Rosie and walked down the hall. He found John hunched over his desk finishing up some paperwork before he went on his break. Sherlock smiled softly at the sight and knocked on the door three times. John looked up and was surprised at first, but his shock gave way to a grin.
John didn't even have to guess.
Kylie placed a kiss on his cheek and then ran down the hall with the money in her hand. John’s smile faded as Kylie left the room. His eyes sagged and his mouth curved into the faintest of frowns. He refused to look at Mycroft as he talked to him.
John was staring at Sherlock with a gentle smirk. “Yeah, the park it is.”
"S-Sherlock." The little voice answered through tears.
What he wanted right now was to curl up in his uncomfortable guest bed and go to sleep. At least a solid three hours' worth. But then he thought back to the Doctor coming back to him and Sherlock at such a late hour. He exhaled and removed his hand from Sherlock's curls and faced the Doctor completely.
“Eh, you wouldn’t have liked it anyway. You would’ve gotten bored.”
“The Hobbit?” He sound disinterested already, John frowned and said, “Oh come on! Give it a chance, I have a feeling that you’ll love it.”
"It's going to be alright, I'm going to get you some medicine."
John eventually found her dead one morning. He wasn’t surprised, her health was failing as she got older, and her melancholy wasn’t helping her situation. She was lying in their bed, as if she was sleeping. Only this time, she wasn’t going to wake up. He sat by her beside for a while, just staring at her, thinking about how she wished for death every night, her cries kept him up, leaving him sleep-deprived. He even wished, for a short moment, for her wish to be answered. He was trying to look on the bright-side, but how can anything be bright, in his dark world? The only time he had experienced happiness was with Sherlock. Sherlock was the one shining light in his life. He hasn’t seen Sherlock in almost twenty years; once again, he was occupied with Mary. His limp came back, a few weeks after Mary’s funeral. He buried her with their daughter; they didn’t name her because they would only break even more. But John called her Rachel, after the pink lady’s stillborn daughter. He had that in common with her.
Sherlock was carding his fingers through Rosie’s blonde locks as he talked about his day. John’s shoulders sagged at what he said. It was true that John wasn’t really in the best of moods when coming home from work although he tried to not let it affect Sherlock and his baby. But Sherlock’s a genius, and he knows when John’s had a bad day.
I thought it was the Christmas spirit making her so happy. She looked around and said, “Say, where is he anyway? Thought you two were joined at the hip.”
John blinked at the sound of Sherlock's voice.
John’s eyes slowly moved to meet Greg’s.
"You're only happy when you talk about Angel Daddy. That's why I ask you about him so much."
“What do you mean, Sherlock?”
"No! John!"
Lestrade took a deep breath and then paused momentarily to wipe at his eyes, which made Sherlock cry even harder, and John shed a few tears. Lestrade gave a short laugh.
She pulled me into a light hug. I felt her swollen abdomen against my own stomach and silently prayed for the baby to kick. But she didn’t. Guess she was sleeping at the time.
The laughter grew louder, and Sherlock’s embarrassment increased. He held on to John’s hand tightly and John smiled fondly and gave his hand a few pats.
“Yes.”
"Nothing happened." He keeps the straightest face he could muster. Ella isn't convinced.
He was being pushed out of the room. He caught one last glance at Mycroft, who was now holding Kylie's hand and staring at John with a hidden sadness in his eyes. This couldn't be happening, he was asleep, surely, he was still sleeping off the alcohol. While he screamed her name, all he could do was tell himself to wake up in his head.
“Oh?”
‘And you’re John Watson,’ She said to me. It’s nice that I didn’t get completely outshone by you. I didn’t mind, I wasn’t the attractive genius detective. Well, you were always beautiful in my eyes.
“Yeah, I forgot why I was sitting in the park, but I did and it was hard to get comfortable because of my limp…you know.”
“I only want to hear you say three words, John.” John nearly wept himself at how small and shaky Sherlock’s voice was. He was beautiful when he cried.
John took a sip.
Sherlock moaned and opened one eye. His face softened at the sight of John.
John kissed Sherlock on the lips.
She scribbled it down on her paper and then turned her attention to us. She had a satisfied smirk on her face.
He wasn’t sure when Rosie fell asleep, or how long he’d been walking, but he continued to talk quietly to himself regarding his surroundings. This was nice, it would be even better with John. He turned around and went back to the café to order another coffee and some cookies. He checked his phone. He had managed to kill two hours alone just strolling through the park with a sleeping baby. John would be out soon and then they would spend another quiet evening together. He wondered if John was bored. He unlocked the phone and took a picture of himself and Rosie. Her limbs were dangling as she slept on Sherlock’s chest. He sent the photo to John and continued drinking his coffee. Not even a minute later, John sent him a response.
John was slightly amused.
While Holmes and Watson were upstairs coming to terms with Sherlock and John’s relationship, the other pair was still downstairs, sleeping soundly, regardless of the sunlight shining through the sheer curtains. The Doctor woke up before they do, he didn’t even remember going to sleep. It’s rare he ever has the chance to find a few moments of peace to take a quick nap, but he was glad that he had the chance. He was lying on the bed now with a book that was in the drawer of the nightstand next to it. Every so often he would glance at the couple on the other bed, knocked out cold; he was trying to be patient, and to him that meant that he had to ignore every impulse to jump on the both of them and scream good morning, which was proving to be a very hard task. After an agonizing two minutes of fighting off the urges he sighed and threw the book to the side and stood up. He stretched out his limbs to prepare for his stunt, cracked a few knuckles and stood in the readying stance. With an intake of air, he ran over to the unsuspecting pair and then jumped, landing right on top of them shouting, “GERONIMO!”
“John, no, stop it.”
John figured that Kylie could sleep in the bed with him tonight, so he laid her down and covered her up before placing two kisses on her cheek and on her forehead. While he watched her sleep, he debated on whether or not he should drink that glass of whiskey now.
"Well, keep the comments to a minimum guys."
"I understand that, different how?"
“You weren’t in a good place then.” Sherlock’s tone was low but careful. He let John speak, but wouldn’t press him to do more than he wanted.
"Now, now, doctor, take a seat."
“What?”
“Look there, that statue. I’ve never seen one in any cemetery I’ve been to.”
No response. Watson rolled his eyes.
There was no response at first, but John was too drowsy to even find the mental strength to get upset so either the Doctor was going to tell him or he was going to go to bed angry, which was the last thing he wanted. The Doctor's mouth opened slightly and his eyes darted around the room as he tried to piece together a response but to no avail.
He wanted nothing more but to lay in bed, watching this man sleep, but the day awaited, Rosie was due to cry at any moment. He had work. He had half a mind to call in sick.
'I've got the results, er, the diagnosis here.' I gave him a nod to show that I...that we wanted to hear it.
The moment he stepped through the door, he showered Sherlock in kisses.
"I know, love. I'll get you something right now."
"For an adventure."
“Sherlock.” He breathed out.
He hated the music, the awful, loud, ancient sounds of the organ as it played the timeless song that every wedding had. John wished that he had told her to play something different, something that wasn’t overused, but then again, he doubted that she knew any other song than the one she was playing at the moment. His eyes wandered back over to the aisle and his smile grew tenfold. There was Sherlock, and just like he had pictured, arm in arm with his older brother. John was spot-on with the solemn, almost melancholic face, he could relate, Harry was wearing the same one as well. To the two siblings, it felt as if they were losing their brothers to the bonds of matrimony, coming to terms with the fact that they were no longer children who needed constant care and affection, or to be cleaned up after, because, not only did Sherlock and John have each other for that, they were also grown men and have learned how to do all those things on their own. Sherlock still needed a bit of help on some of them. John wondered what it looked like to the two older siblings. Were Sherlock and John still the same that they were as children? Were they still the children, the babies that they’ve always viewed them as? Did they look like two five year olds dressed in tuxedos twice as big as their small bodies? How much are they hurting inside, how much were they dreading this day that they knew was going to happen sometime in their lives? Didn’t they know that everything was going to be okay in the end?
Sherlock and Holmes walked with Moriarty for what seemed like an eternity before they had actually gotten where they needed to. Their faces were stoic, and never did they utter a word or a sound. They couldn't attack him, not while John and Watson were stuck out there with those angels. They would be okay, they had to be okay. Surely Moriarty isn't dumb enough to kill them. If he did, he would have to suffer the wrath of Sherlock and Holmes, and it wouldn't be pretty.
“I know John, I love you too, from the moment you introduced yourself at Bart’s I knew. Thank you for finding me worth your time, and for loving me.”
“…All of our friends were in our flat that day. Greg, Molly, Mrs. Hudson, all of them. All sat on the couch, with Molly and Mrs. Hudson taking turns with Kylie. Mycroft, he didn’t show up until later, remember? All cold and mysterious, but when he found about your cancer, I saw the tenderness in his eyes. He cares for you, Sherlock, and I know you cared about him but you two were never good with affection, and there’s a lot of bad blood as well. I shouldn’t speak about your relationship, hell; it’s probably healthier than mine and Harry’s, albeit it’s not the conventional sibling love. I wonder what Mycroft is up to now, he didn’t handle the news so well, and I haven’t seen him since…
That caught the other off guard, his cheeks flushed and he started twiddling with his fingers.
"John!" She whispered, “How can you forget your own husband's birthday? I've even marked it on the calendar for you!"
“It is.”
“So John, do you have anybody special?”
The Doctor waved him off.
“You didn’t show up for lunch.”
“Somebody would accept me for who I was. I wanted a friend, isn’t that normal people have? Friends and lovers, people that liked being around you that would call you to invite you out for a pint. My own family couldn’t even do that for me.”
Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock still seemed pretty conflicted.
The day of the Secret Santa I went by myself after work. When I got there, there was a little table with snacks, mulled wine, and cider and no office party is complete without the shitty Christmas songs playing from someone’s laptop, which I vaguely heard in the distance. I set my gift down on the gift table and helped myself to a cup of wine and some chips because I had forgotten to eat before I left. Sally found her way over to me first, with some biscuits in her hand and a cup of wine in the other. She smirked at me and nudged me with her shoulder.
Okay so I'm so sorry that this has taken so long! I will try to update it, but I don't think I'll have it go on for much longer. Thank you again for your immense patience!
John nodded.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.”
"Sometimes I wonder if you love me as much as you love him."
"Do you mean...John, I think we have a case!"
“Why can’t I touch you?”
‘I presume this is your spouse?’
“Monday…Tuesday…Wednesday…every day seemed longer that week because of your operation. Friday, was the day. The day that we would go to the hospital to get the cancer cells removed. You didn’t know what to do, Sherlock. You went from plucking at your violin strings, to checking on one of your experiments, the one I deemed safe enough to conduct around Kylie, to just lying on the couch or typing away on your laptop. Everything seemed so surreal for me, Sherlock. I felt that maybe this wasn’t really happening, that maybe I would wake up and find you lying beside me fast asleep, and that Kylie was fast asleep in her crib and everything was okay. Just once, everything would be okay for us. But I guess people like you and me don’t get happy endings, huh?
Watson took a while to reply.
You were annoyed, more specifically at me. Mrs. Hudson was still latched to you, bawling her eyes out so it made it harder for you to move.
John nodded and twiddled with his thumbs before carrying on the conversation.
‘No war hero,’ I told him, ‘Just a bloke who survived.’
And that seemed to be the one word that Sherlock heard after their morning together. When he finally joined John in Rosie’s room, the blond already had the baby laid out on the changing table. Her diaper was just removed. John looked up at Sherlock and smiled. He reached his hand toward the baby’s items and said, “Could you get me a wipe and nappy, love?”
Sherlock smirked.
Sherlock’s cheek darkened at John’s loud laugh. “Alright, you got me there. Come on, I want to cook for you tonight. I don’t think I’ve returned that favor either.”
"Ow, fuck my head."
“John…Watson….I…I…love….you…”
"What?! Absolutely not!"
You wanted to believe it, didn’t you, Sherlock? You wanted to look on the bright side, but your magnificent head of yours, it wouldn’t let you. We were all thinking it, weren’t we? We all had that underlying feeling that something was going to happen. We just didn’t know what it was yet.
“John…”
John let go of Sherlock and stood up.
"Sherlock is a girl's name."
“I have a question, Sherlock?”
‘What would I do? Well for starters…I would be devastated. I would attend your funeral, again, and not say a word to anybody there. And then I would go home and shut up all of the curtains, and sit in my chair and drink myself into a coma or until my liver gives out and I die…’
“Sherlock Holmes, you have shown me that it is okay to be who you are and not care about what anybody says. You are the one shining light in my life, and let it be known that no matter what happens, I will always be by your side, and I shall never let any harm come to you. Not while I still breathe. I love you, and not long after this, we are to be husbands, and goddamit—“
John's hand immediately flew to Sherlock's hair and he started to run his fingers through it gently as a way to calm him down.
Watson licked his lips as he thought.
I promise the next chapter will be longer!
“…Sherlock…”
“Let’s hear them.”
I had to stop you right there.
‘Trust me; it wasn’t as easy as it looked.’ You joked with her. At least, I felt like it was a joke.
"He's awake, but he has a headache and he's throwing up. I need that morphine."
"Yes, I did. I have a question to ask you."
“You…blog?” Watson was utterly confused at John’s word. John forgot about the time period for a brief second and then started explaining.
“Did it just move, Doctor?” Sherlock asked.
John chuckled and said, “Exercise patience!”
“I missed him too.”
'Sherlock, do not doubt that I still love you because I do. You know that, right?' I asked. You nodded and responded with, 'I do, John, but I need to know, I need you to prove it to me. Otherwise, why are you still here then? You could have left by now, and you could've taken Kylie with you. Why are here taking care of me? Why...why are you being so...so good to me, John?'
“I don’t ever want you to forget okay? Now, what would you like to do? We can watch something, or we can just lie in bed, it’s all up to you.”
“Ah yes, that was an uncomfortable situation that I would rather not find myself in again.”
John paused abruptly and pressed a hand to his mouth as he started to blink back the tears.
“I love you, Sherlock.” It came out, but he’s been dying to say it again. Any chance he gets.
~~~~~~~~~~~
John's brows furrowed as Sherlock spoke.
It’s been at least three weeks since Kylie was gone and John couldn’t remember the last time he spent a whole day sober since. He woke up and ate something that didn’t require cooking or cleaning afterward. He would stumble his way into the bathroom and stare at the man in the mirror. His hair was all over the place, his eyes were bloodshot, and the bags under his eyes were bigger than he’s ever seen. He wasn’t getting much sleep. Sometimes Sherlock would show up, and he would hold John and whisper in his ear and tell him that he had to stop hurting himself. John would stare up into Sherlock’s eyes and he would move in and he would try to kiss Sherlock, but Sherlock wouldn’t let him. John would just get angry and push him away and then shout. Sherlock sat there and listened to John vent. After a while, John would stop shouting and then he would break down again and beg Sherlock not to leave anymore. John knows that he would never act this way sober, he would be resigned to keep it all in.
John was thankful for Molly's pause. He didn't need to hear it, he knew that she was going to say while Sherlock was getting his chemotherapy, and that was the last thing that he needed. Kylie looked up at John with wide eyes. John gave a soft smile and nodded.
You finally spoke up.
“It seems that we share the same profession.”
And this not even how bad it got..."
John wanted to be mad at Sherlock, but he saw how much his eyes lit up as he recalled his time with this strange man known as the Doctor.
She hastily wiped away all the tears that barely made it past her cheeks and smiled even wider.
“Yes but I sort of get the feeling that you two…you know…”
John couldn’t resist Sherlock’s puppy-dog face, and so he left the park before he would change his mind and go home early. Sherlock looked down at Rosie and set her next to him on the bench so that he could get the carrier out of the diaper bag. Once she was situated in it, he got up and began walking down the park lane, stopping to admire the dogs that were being walked, and watching a bee pollinate flowers.
Watson turned his back to Holmes and then made his way to the stairs leading to his bedroom.
Guys, I don't write smut daily, this is the second time I've written it so PLEASE bear with me if it sucks!
“Yes!”
"This isn't the time for small-talk, Doctor, Sherlock is in danger!" John called out.
"You know..."
Holmes slowly nodded.
She nodded. “He’s about to go for lunch, actually.”
“Alright, who’s there?! Why are you doing this?! Come out now and face me!”
Moriarty’s smile slowly downgraded into a smirk, it was a smirk that was full of evil and wickedness as he began to think about what he might do to them. He sauntered over to a table and then moved as if he was picking something up. Whatever it was, they couldn’t see. All they noticed was that the lighting in the room was better. Moriarty had his hands folded behind his back as he made his way back over to the two detectives.
She closed the door. John’s self-hatred grew. He let Sherlock grieve alone, Sherlock had nobody to talk to, of course he left; he didn’t have any reason to stay any longer. Everybody left him, John especially. She returned with the little post-it note with the address on it.
She looked away, not before she made a small sound of happiness. It warmed John's heart.
“No I wasn’t. Anyway, I told him about my flat in London, and how I needed a new place to stay. He told me about…a friend…he knew that had the same concerns. I think you know how the rest goes.” The hint of amusement in his voice.
"They shouldn't still have paper boys in the year 5454..."
“You’re quite full of yourself Mr. Holmes.”
John’s hands were carding through Sherlock’s curls. He moaned in response. Good, he was still awake.
John looked as nervous as ever as Sherlock neared him. He was surprised when Sherlock kissed him.
"Having a bad day?"
“That’s the thing. It isn’t a….”
John gave a thin smile.
"Sherlock never told you about me?"
“So, what do you feel like, Sherlock? There’s a few places I tend to frequent.”
“Surely you have something more elaborate and sinister, yes?” Holmes asked.
“So where are you going to go?”
"Doctor, hurry!"
Anyway, happy Christmas everyone! Sherlock’s out right now and no he’s not out on a case, he’s actually at the shops with Mrs. Hudson if you can believe it. She told him that she would make him a strawberry cheesecake under the condition that she helped him with the groceries. The man’s got a fondness, and by that, I mean that he absolutely loves cheesecake and, so he went, which means I’ve not got a lot of time to write this.
“I left him alone for two years. I was alone just the same, but John had to deal with my death. He always prefers to suffer in silence, he’s so stubborn. But in those two years I was away, I…I just wanted to go back to John, I didn’t want to be trapped in that prison anymore, if it wasn’t for Mycroft, yes he’s my brother too, I probably would have died.”
He was going to see Kylie today. Mycroft called him last night, right before he went to bed and told him that he was allowed access to see Kylie. John scoffed. He shouldn’t be “allowed” to see his daughter. She was his daughter, his and Sherlock’s. He gave himself a once over in the mirror. His hair was washed and actually combed and styled, he was clean-shaven. Just how Sherlock liked him. He quirked the tips of his mouth to form something of a smile. It wasn’t good enough. He was going to see his daughter for the first time in a month. She was going to look up at him with those big glassy eyes, and she was going to smile when she saw his face and he was going to feel better. Mycroft was kind enough to permit John the whole day with Kylie. He did warn John that if he were to show up drunk at any time, his visitation rights would be restricted until he got sober again.
"Friend of his." They both said at the same time.
She beams at his playful smirk. She gives him a salute and then scurries off into the kitchen to get her cup of water. When he's sure that she was gone, his smile disappeared as quickly as it showed up and he unlocked his phone to read the message.
“John Watson.” He breathed. Said man pawed his face and shuffled closer to Sherlock. Sherlock was sitting up; John’s arms were wrapped around his waist and his head was resting on Sherlock’s stomach. He smiled and rested a hand on John’s back, raking his free hand through the soft blond hair. He had to admit, John’s new hair was very fitting for him, he was always handsome to Sherlock. John let out a soft groan at Sherlock’s head massage and held him even tighter.
I smiled and told you to move over.  I let go of your hand and stood up and helped you since you could barely move. When I was sure that I had enough space, I removed my shoes and climbed into the bed with you. You tried your best to cuddle with me, but you were still sore and so that was complicated for you to do. We eventually got comfortable and you fell asleep. I was just about to make that final transition into sleep when I heard the door open. I thought it was one of the staff telling me that visiting hours were up and that I had to go home. But then the person walked over to the right side of the bed where you were. That person was Mycroft. I was barely awake and so maybe I was imagining things, but he stared at you for a time, and then stroked your curls and walked out again. He whispered something before he left; I think it was, ‘I’m sorry.’
John could almost hear the voice in his head shouting at him. Wasn't it right? He was judging his daughter who he barely knew. He was disgusted at himself for even thinking such harsh thoughts.
“That’s only because they asked me, Sherlock.”
"Do any of you know where the biscuits are?"
Sherlock’s brows furrowed at John. “Left?”
John's brow rose.
Sherlock’s lips tugged into a forced smile.
“We aren’t in our time period either, everybody in the house knows we’re in here, and I’m sure they know what the sounds of sex are, not to mention the rhythmic banging of the bed. Believe me, I would like to have this too, but we can’t. Not now.”
“Where is Mrs. Hudson? “
Lara didn’t know how to answer.
Please continue to kudos/comment/subscribe or tell other johnlockers about this story, it would mean a lot!
Sherlock left with The Doctor. He didn't even look back at John.
‘Sherlock, don’t worry about that, don’t let a single thought about it come to your head.’ I told him. ‘You will be fine, you are going to be fine, Sherlock.’
“Okay, okay. I love your eyes. I absolutely love your eyes, Sherlock. I love the fact that they’re so expressive on you. Even when you think you’re being this stone-cold detective, your eyes always give you away. They’re so blue, sometimes they’re a mixture of blue and green, they’re absolutely stunning, Sherlock.”
Sherlock huffed and pouted. John kissed him again. “I love you.”
John took over.
“Why? Is it too many people?”
“Are you going to tell me?”
Sherlock swallowed hard.
It seemed like an eternity before they reached the flat. Sherlock was still dazed out of his mind and every time he would try to stand on his own and walk, he would stagger around like a zombie and would have to be caught by the two Johns before he would make contact with the hard ground. Holmes, he would turn back around every so often just to see where the other men where and if Sherlock was still conscious. Holmes entered the flat, their flat, first just to make some space for Sherlock who had his head hanging and was entirely supported by both Johns, thank goodness he's so skinny, though John still didn't agree with his fiancee's eating habits.
“…You just stood there, Sherlock. I held the bottle of pills up and you just stared at them as if it was your deepest darkest secret being revealed. You were still wet, you’re hair was a wet curly mass on the top of your hair, and you had the towel wrapped around your waist; it gave me a sneak peek of your hips and the little line of dark hair that trails down. I was so cross with you, Sherlock. But I was getting turned on by the sight of you wet and half-naked in our doorway, and it made me even madder.
John’s nostrils flared as he turned his back on The Doctor and Watson and kept walking. The Doctor looked over at Watson, who gave a warm smile.
Holmes turned around and started nearing Watson again.
There was no response.
'It fell out...' You still didn't move. I was confused and so I asked you what was falling out and your eyes got glassy and I immediately felt bad for asking you. You held up your hand to me and then you opened it. You were holding a tuft of your hair.
I kissed your curls.
'W-What?’
“But I can never say that I don’t wish to be happier.”
John shook his head.
John sat back in his seat and folded his hands on his lap. “Okay, Sherlock. Start me off.”
“But if we are correct, you were the one in need of a handkerchief, Doctor.” Watson stated.
Sherlock had to ask him to move back. Perhaps Mrs. Hudson was right and he missed it just as much as Sherlock did.
“Do you know what happened to Sherlock, Doctor?”
"O-M-G, you forgot about Sherlock's birthday, didn't you?"
But you did. You…you…you…left…me later that week. I had you….oh god….I had you in my arms that day. You looked so peaceful…and I remember…..I remember….I kissed you…..and then I told you that I loved you very much…..I do Sherlock….God I love you so much….”
"J-John?"
John just stared. Mrs. Hudson gasped.
“But then I got older and met Lestrade, and he started giving me cases, and it proved a fun way to keep me from the awful despair that is boredom. That didn’t change the fact that I was alone, with nothing but a skull to talk to when I really needed to voice my thoughts.”
“That’s okay. You don’t have to finish it, but it would make me feel better to know that you have something in your stomach other than tea and biscuits.”
He hadn’t said much to Sherlock after their kiss actually. Was it even a kiss? It was more like a peck on the cheeks, he was caught in the heat of the moment, Sherlock kissed him first. He loved it, he wanted to kiss him again, every time he looked at him, his eyes would linger to those pink lips. They felt like cushions compared to his own. After the kiss, John just felt so warm inside, like a fire has been ignited in his heart. Rosie hiccupped, interrupting his thoughts. He looked down and saw that she could barely keep her eyes open and had half a mind to place her in her crib.
"What do you want?"
Holmes had the ghost of a smile on his face. They could be with each other; they wouldn’t have to worry about being sentenced to life in prison, or even death. They were free to do as they pleased. Sherlock seemed oblivious to Holmes’s face.
But Sherlock fell to the floor, unconscious as well. The Doctor got up and started spinning about like a madman.
“What do you want to hear?”
"Why would I throw them out?"
“Yes, okay.” He sounded distracted, John heard some rustling and Sherlock trying to shush the baby. John pressed his phone to his ear with his shoulder as he resumed the paperwork. “She alright?”
Sherlock's deep chuckle would resound through his body, giving good vibrations to John. He would break the kiss to reply, but they would still remain so close to each other, nose pressed against nose, feeling the heat from each other's breaths blowing lightly on them.
"If you do not believe them, then ask them, we've yet to hear their names."
"Right, you enjoyed the party."
"What does it matter to you?"
John wanted to talk, but his lips quivered and so he shut them up again. He didn't cry since the funeral, and he wasn't going to cry now. God, how warm Sherlock's skin is.
"Well say hello to alternate dimension you!"
Kylie tried her best to wait up with me; her little eyes sagged and drooped as she struggled to stay awake. It’s the cutest thing; I wish you could’ve seen more of it.
John’s eyes darted back and forth.
He raised his hand and curled his fingers into a fist, he slowly rapped on the door. Anxiety was starting to make its way into his system. What was he going to say? It was already hard enough to talk to Sherlock when he was around him 24/7, but after a gap of ten plus years? There was so much he missed out on. Sherlock could be married by now, have a nice wife and child, who moved on and got older, and who is probably expecting their own in a few months. He couldn’t picture Sherlock getting married, but he probably found somebody who helped him move on, made him happier. Hell, John did the same thing once upon a time. But the thought of Sherlock being with somebody else…he couldn’t fathom it. That was something John and Mary shared, both are selfish lovers.
“But there isn’t another genius, have you not figured it out? There is only you and me, Mr. Holmes. It’s very much like a game of cat and mouse you see.”
“Oh Sherlock, I think your name is beautiful, surely she thinks the same.”
‘I got the call from Ms. Winters; she told me that you two were looking to adopt my baby.’
Thank you all for reading! Please, if you can, give me some ideas for the next part in the series!
"Yes, well, he's not an exact version of you-"
Sherlock's nose scrunched up as he shook his head.
and my dear John at that.”
“Maybe I should have Sherlock name his homeless the 00’s.”
Rosie smiled and giggled. Sherlock stroked her cheek.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, his voice going hoarse from the constant yells.
He talk to Ella, to Greg, and to Molly as many times as he wanted, but it couldn't get rid of the void in his heart. It ached the most at night, which is why he dulled the pain by downing as much of the bottle as he could. Of course, the effects would only last so long. Sometimes he would just lay in bed until Kylie came and practically dragged him out of bed so that he could walk her to school. He would see her staring at him out of the corner of his eye. He never said anything to her when he was like that, he would only respond to her comments and eventually she would give up and they would continue in silence. Sometimes it felt like she wasn't happy to come home to him. On his bad days, that is. He would come and pick her up from Mrs. Hudson's flat and when she laid her eyes on him, he would see her smile falter, he never brought that up either. He wondered what Mrs. Hudson must have thought of him. Was she disappointed in him? Did she pity him? He would never know because he would never ask. He let out a choked sob, maybe he could have a good cry, he was alone, after all. John sat up in his chair and then he waited, just one tear, that's all. He couldn't even do that.
"Oh, right, apologies, Doctor, this is my...fiancee...John Watson."
“A little bit of both, though I would like details on your relationship more.”
John chuckled and shook his head.
He swallows another shot. Greg stares at him with slight concern.
"My word, John you've almost given me a heart attack! What are you doing up so early, popping into the kitchen like some sort of spirit?"
He wasn’t going to tell Sherlock that he knew.
The Doctor made his way over to the two with a smirk on his face.
"So...who are you two, exactly?"
‘Lay with me, John, please?’
“Come on Sherlock, we have to get out of here, wake up!”
One eye opened and stared down at the food.
“I’m sorry John, I tried not to fall asleep again, but I’ve been so tired.”
"Why don't you give him a ring later on today to find out when he'll stop off and see you?"
The Doctor gave a quick spin around while he was still in motion. He was definitely looking for something, but what was it? He wanted to ask but he had a feeling that he wouldn’t have gotten any information anyway, so he decided to turn his attention back to Watson.
“You have a Mrs. Hudson as well?”
“Has it ever occurred to you that maybe I don’t think of you as just another man?”
She hopped out of her chair and walked over to him. He felt her little arms wrapped around his waist. His hand moved down to rub her back.
The first thing he did was fix the knocker, John couldn’t help but smirk at that. They walked right past Mrs. Hudson’s empty flat. John checked his watch, he should tell Sherlock that they had to get back home now, but he wanted to see 221B again. He missed that place the moment he left it. He didn’t have much when they first moved in, a few jumpers and shirts, two pairs of jeans, and his trusty loafers. Even when he was packing his things to live with Mary, he didn’t pack everything, just his clothes. He didn’t make his bed that morning, he left everything the way he touched it last. He thought that Sherlock would barge in and toss everything about like he always did, wouldn’t even notice that the bed wasn’t made. It wasn’t until after he left that he realized that he did that so Sherlock wouldn’t feel so alone, and it was cruel. He wasn’t a dog with separation anxiety, he was a grown man who lived along well before John hobbled into his life. But he felt guilty, and stood in the doorway, his clothes packed in the luggage Sherlock brought for him, staring at the bedroom that he had called home for years.
There was brief silence in the flat as the two men remained where they were.
“Come love, turn around.”
That seemed to make Watson happy because in no time he had Sherlock's other arm draped over his shoulder and helped the shorter man walk his friend to their home. The Doctor walked next to John and whispered, "Ask them who they are."
"Easy there, Sherlock. You're not well, if you haven't noticed."
"John."
The chapel was illuminated with radiant shades of yellow; it contrasted perfectly with the once dull room. The audience sat in their respectful seats, whispering their thoughts on the upcoming ceremony, or weeping silent tears because they could not control their emotions at such a joyous occasion. Collectively, they sounded like a hive of bees at work, buzzing so loudly that to an outsider it would sound like nothing more than murmurs of incoherent words and inaudible whimpers. These people were here for Sherlock and John, albeit there were a few late guests, but they were very welcomed.
John didn't say a word at first. He didn't even open his mouth to attempt to say anything. His eyes checked Sherlock over again, his smile was waning. John scoffed and sat back in the chair as he swished the liquid around in his glass, the ice clinked together as he did it. He decided to keep his eyes on the whiskey, instead of looking back at Sherlock, at least until he could talk again, whenever that may be. The flat was washed over in intense silence as the two men (or was it just the one?) sat in stood in complete silence. Every so often, John would find himself glancing up at Sherlock and biting his tongue each time he did. Sherlock took to drumming his fingers on his arm while John made up his mind. John pinched the bridge of his nose and then took another swig of his drink before setting it down on the arm of the chair and sitting upright again.
~~~~~~~~
John deepened the kiss the second time and said, “I owe you more than that, love.”
(See the end of the chapter for
She smiled.
The both of them shot up, only to be halted by The Doctor’s weight on the top of their bodies.
We caught the first cab we saw to the hospital, and met Lara at the entrance. She took us to the room Susanne was in, but only I entered it. You waited outside and that was fine with me because you were probably scared, even though you wouldn't admit it. Susanne was gripping the side of bed in obvious pain, and her hair was beginning to stick to her face. She smiled when she saw me, and asked where you were.
The Waters family divided into two different groups, we were after the two main culprits, Bill and Mark Waters. If we caught them, then they would have revealed the identity of the others, easy.
“Do you have work tomorrow?”
I can still hear you moaning my name…..”
"Mr. Watson..."
“Mrs. Hudson…my great aunt…she died. Ten years ago to be exact.”
The last lines of the chapter, where John asks for the candle, is a callback to ASIP! It's the scene where Angelo takes their order.
"What is it?"
And there they were, walking backwards in the middle of the street, eyes fixated on the angel statue in the graveyard, careful not to avert their gaze or to even blink no matter how much their eyes burned and ached from lack of moisture. The angel was far from sight, but still visible to them, and The Doctor was repeating his instructions every so often.
‘Oh my poor, Sherlock!’ She uttered. She moved to hug you, but you weren’t very responsive. You didn’t remove her either, and I was happy that you didn’t. She loved you like you were her own son.
“Well now you must tell me, I’m afraid I’m at a loss.” John was teasing him now.
“But there has to be something else, something else we’re missing.”
I took off my shoes and I crept into the bed with you, underneath the covers. I watched as your mouth contorted into the faintest of smiles as you breathed in my scent. You pulled yourself into my embrace and you wrapped your arms around me and let out a sigh. We were staring at each other, and then I kissed you on your forehead and then made my way to your cheek, and then your mouth. I pulled away and then kissed you again, you returned the kiss. I pulled away again and pushed your head farther into my chest and I stroked your hair and told you that everything was going to be okay. I told you that I loved you and that nothing would ever change that. You smiled again and said, 'You don't find me repulsive? My clammy skin, my pale complexion, none of that bothers you?'
Watson looked pale.
'...That I would like to raise a child with you, John.'
He had a few guesses, none of them pleasant.
You were gone for a while, Sherlock. You told me that it would take a few hours for you to solve the case, so I waited, but then waiting for you seemed to take even longer. If I had known then why you took so long, then I would have understood, or I wouldn’t have. You remember my reaction to the news, I’m sorry I didn’t handle it better; I was just scared, and worried about you.
Her green eyes were glazed over with the tears of grief.
John got up to fix their cups and Sherlock was left to think about John calling him that word so many times in one day.
His kisses started to trail down to John’s neck, eliciting a louder moan. Sherlock smirked as he traveled lower and lower until he got to where he needed. He smiled.
That's right, The Doctor, Sherlock and John's companion. If he got them out of trouble before, surely he could do it again.
“No, you know what I mean. I let her go, Sherlock. Our daughter, the last connection I had to you. Kylie…my little pup…”
Greg was speaking with a hint of concern for his friend.
John was just going mad, yeah that's it. He's finally hit the wall.
Sherlock’s bottom lip quivered a bit and it made John sad to see. Sherlock held his arms out for the baby and said, “I can put her to bed. You can go to the table.”
“Ah!” Watson exclaimed, “So it’s very much like what I do for Holmes.”
Sherlock and Holmes threw their guns down and clamped hands over their eyes. John ran over to Sherlock, as Watson did Holmes and joined them as they shielded their eyes. Sherlock felt John’s tight embrace as they heard the screams that came from Moriarty. The Doctor sank to the floor and shut his eyes tightly. They all tried to tune out the madman’s screams of cowardice and mercy. They heard a loud noise and what sounded like cracking of cement or a wall.
John's hand landed on Sherlock's soft, porcelain cheek and began rubbing it with the pad of his thumb. He let out a sigh of exasperation.
"What is it, pup?"
He stepped out.
“Sherlock….”
John took another short sip of his drink. Oh no, the lump in his throat is back.
“Still regret leaving work early?”
“Do you like it?”
“Sherlock Holmes, I
“If you’re asking me if I love him, then I would have to say yes. I think…no I know I do.”
"I don't know...all I know is that we wouldn't be here if there was nothing wrong, but there is something wrong...something very...very...wrong."
"Well, I am sorry for getting tired and wanting to sleep like a normal human being."
“Good, I was starving.”
I haven’t touched that thing in years, Sherlock.
'I'll find a way to compromise.'
(See the end of the chapter for
When he gets home, Mrs. Hudson and Molly greet him at the door. Mrs. Hudson doesn't notice that John doesn't look right, but she tells him that Kylie already went to bed. Molly chimes in and says that Mrs. Hudson cooked her famous beef stew and that there was some left over in case he got hungry later on. John tries his hardest to smile and nod without telling them to leave. They do, eventually, and the first thing John does is go right to his alcohol and pop open the whiskey bottle that only had a few cups left in it. He doesn't stop until he had to wobble over to the armchair to take a seat. There's Sherlock, staring at him with his arms crossed and eyes narrowed.
John’s breath hitched in his throat at that.
“I’m so glad you think that divulging rather embarrassing stories about me is a good way to pass the time.”
"Doctor, whatever shall we do about this?" Watson inquired in his ever so gentlemanly way.
He pulled Sherlock into the tightest hug and that’s when Sherlock lost it. John could barely hear the loud applause coming from their guests as he rubbed Sherlock’s back. He knows that Sherlock has never had anyone care so deeply for him before, besides himself, and outright admit to the public. Sherlock could barely contain himself, and John didn’t want him to. It was their wedding day, and they could cry as much as they wanted. Lestrade released him and then made his way to John where they shared a friendly hug and a gracious pat on the back. He whispered congratulations to John and Sherlock and then took his seat. Molly stood up and took over his position.
~~~~~~~~~~
"I wouldn't imagine that you won't."
Holmes nodded. Well at least he acted like a teenage boy when he was excited.
“Kylie has been getting on well since she’s been here, isn’t that right?”
She looked excited. He shrugged.
The Doctor spoke again.
The bed dipped as Sherlock got up, muttering to himself grumpily. John let out a sigh and went back to sleep, being lulled by the distant sounds of Sherlock shushing Rosie and whispering soothing words to stop her crying.
You gave a wave of indifference towards her.
He moved behind Sherlock and John and clapped a hand on both of their shoulders.
“Can we go in?”
‘I sincerely apologize, Kylie, for waiting this long to finally show you the attention you deserve as my daughter. I am so sorry that we didn’t have longer to get know each other, I would have liked to see the woman you grow into. I know that you won’t remember me when you get older, you are only a baby, but I trust that John will never let you go a day without mentioning something of me. Perhaps our cases, or our marriage, or the day we first met, it matters little to me.’
I waited and hoped that my words would get through to you. You nuzzled into me so that all I could see was your hair. I felt your cheek against my chest. I like to think that I got through to you, Sherlock. And I was glad that I did..."
But John loved him. John wanted him to keep existing, and what those two years John thought otherwise did to him. He didn’t want his John to hurt anymore.
You two talked for close to an hour, he emerged from the room as cool and stoic as someone could look after talking with their sickly brother. This time, our eyes met, and his brows softened. He didn’t look like Mister British Government to me, but Mycroft Holmes, the over-protective brother. He didn’t say a word to me, he turned on his heel and left the corridor almost as quickly as he returned.
“I’ve always watched you from time to time, Mr. Holmes.”
“New ingredients?”
John crashed to the floor, he had done the only thing he could have done to save Sherlock from being Deleted, especially if he was the one to delete him, so instead he deleted himself, letting Sherlock go
~~~~~~~~~
'Who's going to watch Kylie? We aren't taking her to the doctor's, are we?'
“Mycroft had a heart attack. Poor diet and too much stress. I told the bastard that he was going to die at an early age if he didn’t cut back on the cakes….
He gave Sherlock another kiss, and then rolled over, facing away from Sherlock.
“Good.”
“Let me go!” His eyes were still closed and John only held him tighter. “It’s me Sherl, it’s me. It’s John.”
‘The test results came back positive, I’m sorry Mister Holmes; you have Pancreatic Cancer…’
Sherlock was crying the word “no” and shaking his head, his limbs were flailing as if to protect himself from an invisible entity. His low whimpering turned into screaming. He was shouting “get away” “leave me alone” and John’s heart broke when he saw the tears streaming down his face as he screamed for help. John went to hold him when Sherlock started screaming his name, voice dripping with agony. John wondered if it had something to do with the scars on his back. He didn’t want to ask because Sherlock never interrogated him on the state of his wounds, he made it a point to love him for all of his scars, and John would do the same whether he knew the story or not.
John bit his lip. How can he possibly describe that? There were so many things to say, but he didn’t want to overwhelm him.
John cupped a hand over his mouth to let Sherlock finish. Even in the darkness of the night he could see Sherlock’s smile, so warm, so bright, so wonderful. God, he was so pretty.
Sherlock's body was still there, there is no doubt of that. John never believed in ghosts and hauntings and other paranormal things that people can't get enough of these days. Would he start to believe in them now? Sherlock would probably be the type of person to roam the earth, searching for that last case, or trying to perform one last experiment. Sherlock always hated sleep. The thought of Sherlock rising out of his grave and looking on at it with an irritated face made John chuckle, but his smile vanished and his mouth twisted. He almost broke the inside of his pockets because of it. Sherlock was...no. Sherlock is dead. He walks faster so that he can get away from the cemetery.
The three men gaped at each other. The Doctor walked over to John and waved a hand in his face. He wasn't surprised that John wasn't responding to it. He then repeated the gesture to Watson and then Holmes, to no avail. Eventually, he thought it best that he just let them handle the situation as they saw fit. Hopefully nothing bad comes of this.
John heard enough of Sherlock’s self-deprecation. He was an idiot, a complete idiot for letting this man think that he of all people became boring and unloved. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and nodded. “Yes, you are. You’re my blogger and so much more.”
“What are you on about, love?”
John and The Doctor's eyebrows rose.
rumors got started!"
Before any of them could reply, The Doctor, John, and Watson came running into the room. They found them even quicker this time.
It was alright that Sherlock didn’t answer, his squeezing John’s shoulders was enough of a response. He was okay, he was okay…
Watson’s mouth twitched into a short smile at that.
“Do you mean to tell us that you never locked the doors, Doctor?” Sherlock asked with a bit of annoyance and scolding. The Doctor looked offended at the question.
“’Sometimes I get sad too. I get sad when Papa gets sad, or when he tells me a story about you. I get sad when Papa tells me to sleep with him because that means he’s lonely. I get sad because you’re my daddy, now you’re my angel daddy, and I don’t know who you are. Papa loves you so much, but you’re gone and so now it’s just me and Papa. Sometimes I dream that we’re all together, and we’re happy, but then I wake up and remember that you’re in the sky and you’re smiling at Papa and me.
John's jaw was clenched and his stance straightened. He was used to Sherlock not telling him things, but this takes the cake. A weird man with a bowtie and suspenders is standing outside their flat screaming his name, and like the madman that he is, he runs outside grinning like an idiot. And John is just finding out about this man that Sherlock has met before years earlier, and expects him to be okay with that! At the sight of Sherlock's pleading eyes, John's attitude softened and he wanted to be closer to his fiancee to whom he was getting married to tomorrow.
I was stuck in my place too. Your voice broke my daze and I gave a frantic nod. I must have looked like a lunatic to you, Sherlock, and I’m sorry for that, but I was excited. And in your own funny way, you were too.
"He's going to have your head on a pike!"
Mycroft looked down with a pained expression. He knew he messed up, but he was only trying to prepare Sherlock for the outside world because he knew how cruel it could be, and how soft Sherlock was. The only thing he accomplished was making Sherlock just as harsh as the rest of the world.
He told me that he had someone follow you, during your visits to the doctor’s office, and had the doctor tell them why you were visiting. He’s the British government; he can do that, apparently. That doctor got fired recently; I think Mycroft was the one to get him canned. He said something in passing about the Doctor Patient relationship. I think I thanked him too. That’s beside the point, Sherlock.
“Sherlock, love, it would be the highest honor to be called your boyfriend. That is…if you feel the same?”
“John…” Sherlock sighs, “My John…”
“It need not be asked, Watson.”
"I'm not sure. What I do know is that the same people who attacked you outside of the flat also got Watson and me. I awoke here bound to that chair and disoriented as the drug corrupted my mind. However, if we are in the same room, surely they are together as well."
The first time I've noticed it was when we came back to the flat. I brought Kylie with us this time. You stared at her during the session and you smiled to yourself as she laid on my chest and stared at the needle sticking out of your arm. As usual, I would set Kylie in her crib and then help you get ready for your afternoon kip. You fell asleep almost instantly, and that didn't rouse any suspicion in me. It was after the fact, when I was nearing sleep in my chair that I heard your moans coming from the room. Immediately my mind went back to the first time you shouted for me like that and in no time, I was up and in our room. You were hunched over the side of the bed throwing up. There was no food in it, it was just liquid and bile. The floor was ruined with your vomit, but that wasn't at the forefront of my mind. You were in pain and I needed to stop it. I was at your side on the bed and I rubbed your back as you dry heaved over the side. I couldn't find any bins near me and I didn't want you to be alone. I was resigned to clean up your sick. You moaned and you dry-heaved, and then you got sick again, and then you called me. I kissed your curls and I took your dressing gown off as you crawled over to the side of the bed. You were sweaty, and your curls were sticking to your forehead, and your skin was paler than I've ever seen. Your eyes were red-rimmed, your mouth was stained with the vomit. You looked so awful, Sherlock. My Sherlock...
‘He doesn’t have to be at the station, John; he says that Dimmock, believe it or not, found the case for me. He doesn’t have my number so he phoned Lestrade who in turn phoned me. Makes sense now?’
"Mrs. Hudson picks her up anyway, I'll only have to stop off at Baker Street and bring her back."
"Nothing, Ella, just...just talking to myself is all."
"To answer your question, yes, I admit I am...nervous."
There is one more chapter left!
Sherlock stopped fidgeting around and swallowed hard.
From the darkness emerged John with his hands up as if he were to be arrested by the police. He had blood coming from his head. A head wound, no doubt. His clothes were dishelved and had patches of dirt on visible areas. So they were even less gentle with him it seemed.
“We were, John. We were…”
You looked so tired in that chair, Sherlock. Your hand was firmly grasping mine, but your eyes were closed and your head was tilting back. You were taking your midday nap, the nurses saw you sleeping, and then they saw me and left you alone. Your naps were frequent, and at that point, it was a part of your daily schedule. You woke up, ate something at my behest, watched some telly with me, work on the case that Greg drops off, kip, and then wake up at least two hours later and begin the cycle anew. I was almost tempted to wake you up, but you were tired and you needed rest and so I let you nap. The area we were in was quite possibly the quietest room in the hospital, understandably so. What would people say to one another? There was a lot of suffering in that room, Sherlock, but it was silent. And people who suffered in silence were the ones who hurt the most. Your session was three hours long, I couldn't help but feel bad for some of the poor sods there. Who knows they would be sat in those chairs? The amount of chemotherapy a person had to get depended on the severity of their illness. Luckily, yours wasn't too bad. At least, not yet it wasn't. I woke you up, you didn't wake until the fifth nudge or so. You looked so worn, Sherlock, and I knew that the medicine wasn't helping either. I wasted no time in getting you out of there.
Harry was crying she knows what John was trying to say. John was choking up as well.
To my surprise, you replied.
Not really expecting an answer, he fished around in his coat pockets and pulled out his key. He inserted the shiny silver key into the shiny hole that was waiting for the insertion of its companion. With a twist, the TARDIS's door opened and he slipped inside.
"Papa says that I'm not to talk to strangers."
“This is new indeed.”
The Doctor was the one to cease his laughter and answer John's inquiry.
The crowd’s laughter was quiet.
“They came to me. They found me, the time energy that my adventure of curiosity, made its way to their senses, and drove them to me.”
Both Johns snapped their heads to Holmes.
"But I don't know her, papa."
John gave him another kiss.
“How long have you been up with her?” Sherlock turned to John.
Sherlock looks uninterested.
“Hey, if my night were ever ruined, it will never be because of you, okay?”
"I don't care if they're ugly, I only want to see their faces."
"Excellent!"
“We’ve been…together…. for weeks now John. How long do lovers usually last?”
'Sherlock, there is absolutely no way I am going to leave you, especially now since you are so ill. If I have to tell you that I love you every morning when you wake up just to get it through your enormous brian, then I will. We took vows, in sickness and in health, remember? You are my husband and you mean more to me than I can possibly say. Please, Sherlock, stop expecting the worse from me.'
“There’s no sugar in yours, since you don’t take sugar.”
“Do you see Clara and Harry getting back together?”
"I agree. Let us be off now."
John’s eyes were closed. He jolted as he felt Sherlock’s tongue trail his whole length. His chest heaved as he felt the growing pressure in his groin, he was close.
"Yes, Papa."
Sherlock still hadn’t moved, but the way he was breathing, he was listening.
“Set the pace, love, and that’s how fast we’ll go.”
“I can help dry the plates if you would like.”
“It’s…it’s pretty great, actually. I don’t think I’ve ever been this happy before.” This was an awkward conversation for John.
Sherlock smiled and placed the erection in his mouth. John stifled a loud moan and tried to steady himself for his climax. God it’s been so long since he’s had this. Sherlock’s so gorgeous, he felt so good, oh god he was coming. It was a lot too, poor Sherlock. John let out a series of fucks until his orgasm was over. His knees almost buckled, he was in seventh heaven. Sherlock’s mouth was wonderful.
"So I am right, I mean, of course I'm right. You've been drinking, slept off a hangover the previous night, the evidence is your eyes are bloodshot and your speech is slurred. Of course that could be the fact that you helped yourself to a few cups shortly before you left your home to pick up Kylie. Am I correct?"
I couldn’t tell you how…how unsettling this was. You were so hell-bent on thinking that the surgery wasn’t going to work.
“Cut the shit, Sherlock. Talk to me; tell me how you’re feeling. Get angry at me, I know you want to.”
John gave Sherlock a stare full of the mutual love that they felt for one another. Sherlock was waiting for this to be over; he was getting a bit antsy.
“Good morning my love.”
'After you wake up, we're going to have takeout, alright?'
John nodded.
"Sherlock what are you doing? No, no, don't go in there, we don't even know what's in there, Sherlock!"
John couldn’t take it anymore. There was so much tension engulfing them.
You didn’t respond verbally, you just gave him a curt nod. He accepted it and then he looked at me.
"You'll get used to it, John, I know I had to. This place goes against every logical explanation I know of. But it is a scientific marvel...." Sherlock said.
“No, don’t say that. There’s always time!”
I shook my head and told you that what I say to the patients are repeated words, there were a few times when I actually tried to calm someone down. You were one of those people, Sherlock. I wrapped my arms around you and whispered in your ear. I told you that everything was going to be alright, and that we were going to be okay, we always were. Your body softened, once I pulled you into the hug, your breathing changed as well, I don’t think you were crying but I know that you were finally trying to deal with your feelings. The surgery was a few hours away, so we had to get ready. I already made preparations for Kylie, I would have brought her with us to hospital, but we didn’t know how long it was going to take, and I rather her be at the flat where it was nice and quiet. Molly offered to watch her again; she said something about her not being able to stay at St. Barts any longer than she needed to. Of course, she was lying, she couldn’t bear to sit and wait while you got operated on. I didn’t want her to do anything she felt uncomfortable with and so I let her babysit Kylie while we were out. This was hard on everyone, Sherlock.
‘And tell me then John, how would I be acting if I were myself?’ You were always so sarcastic and snarky.
‘I need to tell you now, before you tell me to shut up, or change the subject entirely that I love you. From the moment you walked through that door at Bart’s, I knew that you would change my life. I wasn’t sure for the better or worse, but I was willing to see which, and I think it’s safe to say that you changed me for the better.’
“I wonder if she would even want to come back to the flat.”
All I could think about that night, was your surgery going wrong, and then I tried to think of something else but the only other thought that came to mind was not talking about the war more.”
I didn’t speak of it with you. What he said to you, and what you responded with was your business. He still hasn’t confided in me since…everything.
“Nope. I’m not going to. I can’t let you go, Sherlock. I love you. I love you so much….to suffer would be not seeing you anymore, forgetting you. I know you want to help me Sherlock, but allow me this much.”
Sherlock’s cheeks were flushed and covered in tear tracks, his eyes were red and puffy from the sheer force of them. He wiped at his nose as he stared into John’s eyes. John kissed the tip of his nose, his salty cheeks, and then his quivering lips. He stood up and watched Sherlock grab his blue housecoat. John just remembered that they were both stark naked still. He hastily threw on a white t-shirt, and some boxers and then walked to Rosie’s room, wondering if Sherlock was following behind him. He saw Rosie sitting up bawling her eyes out. He sighed, another person unhappy tonight. He picked her up and rubbed her back, whispering “hush” until her cries died down.
“I SAID DON’T BLINK!”
He pulls Sherlock in as much as he can for a hug and whispers, “Neither do I.”
“I do enjoy being around him, believe me I do, but there are times where I simply wish to have the companionship of somebody else. Surely you feel that way at times?”
“If I’m honest, Watson, I’m not sure. Have you any say?”
“A miniscule part of me does. However, the other side of me wants nothing more than for you to stop moping about.”
He bent down to have Sherlock face him directly in the eyes.
Remember when I said update times were going to be erratic? Lol you guys are troopers, for those that are still reading or are just now picking up on it.
“Alright…where shall I begin?” Watson chuckled nervously. John didn’t answer.
“Good, now, I’ll be behind you lot, don’t turn to face me when you hear my voice, just stay like that.”
Nobody came because they all expected John to help him like he’s done so many times before. They all expected Dr. John Watson to save the day. But John was busy tending to a lost cause.
"Come on, eat up!"
John exhaled and gave up the argument. He just gave him a kiss to the cheek and the lips, and Rosie a kiss on the forehead.
“Blog?”
You kept going back for your chemotherapy, and each time you would come back tired and weak. They didn't even give you the stronger drugs yet, and you could barely handle the medicine they were giving you already. For a few weeks, the only side effect of your therapy sessions was that you fell asleep by the time we got back home. I thought to myself, 'I can handle that...that isn't so bad.'
I felt that I couldn’t pass this up, so I opened my mouth and said, ‘I’m coming with you.’
“I know Kylie, she would come back because you are there.”
"Yes! If this gentleman next to us is correct and not some random loon who should be thrown into the local asylum, you are a version of my dear friend Dr. Watson from another, parallel reality of our own, right?"
He placed a hand on Holmes’s shoulder and gave a genial smile.
"I thought as much. You see, but you don't observe!"
"You didn't forget, did you John?"
The vicar folded his hands over his book and waved one in front of John.
”I just thought that…maybe you wouldn’t want to have this thing taking up space, is all. Not when it’s been vacant for decades.”
“Hey, Sherlock. I ordered takeaway on the ride over, so don’t get too comfortable.”
“Yes, John. I’ll tell you again and again until you understand how dear you are to me.”
The second thing John thinks is
“…It all happened so fast. We were talking about bringing a baby into our lives, and then next thing we knew, we were already at an adoption agency, trying to find a parent that was willing to give up their own flesh and blood to another family. I was happy, I was finally getting the family I’ve always wanted, well, not exactly how I imagined it, but I was still very content with what I had. Not everybody gets the chance to fall in love and marry the world’s only Consulting Detective, who was downright brilliant too. The first few times we went to the agency, we were met with no suitable matches. As you know, we were discouraged, but something about read that you were somewhat relieved. You were scared, love, I know you were. I made sure to reassure you, we were going to be parents soon. There will come a day where we’ll welcome our child into our lives, and we’ll be so happy when that day came. You smiled, but I didn’t quite reach you yet.
'I want you to go away now.' You said to me. You didn't mean to be so harsh, you were upset and you were exhausted. You didn't see me frown and I was glad that you didn't because then I would have started a war.
I peppered kisses all over your hair. I was so relieved to have you come home, to finally have you under my care. I was your doctor, you knew this.
"There's only one other way...Everybody get in a circle, and when I say turn, you turn!"
All the people in the room’s mouths dropped, The Doctor’s included.
Your experiments, I didn’t miss them so much. I had to constantly tell you to not place the substance that looked a lot like the milk that I had to feed Kylie so close to the actual bottle. As usual, you failed to listen. But then you finally started to do it, and gone were the worries of if I fed Kylie milk or your weird goop. I’d like to think that I gave her the right one because she never uttered a complaint, or maybe she liked the taste of whatever it was you had. I don’t know, and I’m moving on now.
“This is hardly the time to go on one of your thinking sprees, Holmes!”
John considered it for a minute. Maybe some fresh air would do them both some good. He started typing away.
“Ah, so this would be your time-travelling machine, yes? You refer to it as “her” so she is your ship.”
'Answer me dammit!'
"Do forgive my rather reckless companion."
“Don’t think of it as replacement, Sherlock. Think of it more as restoration.”
“AU?”
He was met with Sherlock's lips on his and whatever word that was sitting on his tongue died right then and there. John's hands flew to Sherlock's magnificent curls and tangled themselves in his hair. Sherlock let out a moan as John's fingers grazed his scalp, the tickling sensation beginning to drive him crazy. They leaned in, careful not to knock over the food that John had so carefully made. John's other hand went for the skin underneath Sherlock's shirt, which caused Sherlock to clasp a hand over John's as he was feeling him up. With the help of Sherlock, John began to remove Sherlock's t-shirt from his body.
Holmes gave up.
He was talking to himself more than he was talking to the other two men standing there. He stepped back inside and then got a good look at his surroundings, his eyes moving from the control panel to the various other openings that led to different rooms, how many, John didn't know, and he still couldn't believe that he was standing inside the tiny blue police box that was resting on their street at the moment. He looked over at Sherlock who was giggling like a school girl at his confused fiancee. John was finally torn between stepping out of the TARDIS altogether or joining them inside.
"It's food, especially made for the birthday boy."
“Really, you do?”
“Do you John Watson take Sherlock to be your husband – to live together after God’s ordinance – in the holy estate of matrimony? Will you love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer, for better, for worse, in sadness and in joy, to cherish and continually bestow upon him your heart’s deepest devotion, forsaking all others, keep yourself only unto him as long as you both shall live?”
‘Why not?’ My voice was gruff. I was tired, stressed, and sad. Talking seemed to only wear me out even more. But this was the most you ever spoke in almost a month, and I was going to listen to every word you said.
Sherlock smiled and moved Rosie up so that her face would be buried in the crook of his neck. Her soft breaths tickling at the skin of his neck. John was stroking her hair to help her stay asleep.
She always hid her dislike of him behind jokes and passive-aggressive comments.
I remember I said your name.
"Sherlock used them. Most of them were used for his experiments, not sure how many of them are clean enough to use."
Sherlock let out another groan. John sighed and rolled over. He pressed kisses along Sherlock’s neck and nuzzled his cheek against his.
He thought bitterly. She hugged him once more, catching him off guard and causing him to tip back at the force of her body colliding into his. She whispered, "I love you, papa."
“Indeed.”
"Sorry...do you have any clean...washcloths?"
Greg was using his strength to hold John down, he was jerking in his grasp. The tears were threatening to fall.
"Did he now?"
When we got back to the flat, I had to help you up the stairs, the pain medication was wearing off and you made a few complaints about it hurting. You managed up the stairs fine enough, and I helped you to our bed, and took off your jacket and your shoes. You tried to protest and moved to remove one of your shoes but I told you that I was going to do it, so that you could lie down and relax. You fell asleep almost instantly, snoring and everything. I took a seat in my armchair and waited until you woke up. I visited Kylie a few times downstairs.
"That there is Sherlock Holmes, the great detective. He has the greatest mind man has ever seen, if not man, then Scotland Yard. He is a consulting detective, the only one in the world."
“Well done Moriarty,” He began, “You’re so much more dastardly than I expected you to be. Very good show.”
John wanted to get angry at Sherlock, but whenever he made that face, he had to comply.
“What’s wrong.”
Sherlock's face went from anger to sorrow. John clumsily made his way back over to his dwindling collection of bottles filled with various types of whiskey and tried to pour himself another glass. Sherlock was shouting his name, but he wasn't responding.
"And you do very poorly at that, Watson," Holmes interjected.
‘Whenever you got mad at me, and looked at me like you didn’t want me around. Or whenever I’m alone with Kylie, and I want to hold her and do what you do with her, but I can’t do it. I can’t touch her, John.’
'Yes.' You responded.
Follow me on Tumblr @highfunctioninggaybaby so that you can send in prompts for me that I can fill out and post here!
“No, I want to go in. Only for a moment. I just want to see…”
Immediately John’s hand was covered in Sherlock’s cum. His cock, resembling a fountain with the way Sherlock came. How long had he wanted this?
It was a little bit after five when John got the text from Molly, telling him that her shift was over and she was on her way to their meeting spot. John was already dressed, it was a habit for him. Kylie was still lying about in her pyjamas. John didn't mind it so much, it wasn't like she had school anyway. He'd just finish making them both dinner, an early one since he expected them to return home late. It all depended on how much fun Kylie had while they were out with Molly. Ah, Molly, John wondered if she was still the same person from when they first met. Judging by the message she sent, she probably hasn't. That's good, as far as he was concerned, he was the only one allowed to change. He grimaced at how selfish he just sounded. Kylie came skipping into the kitchen and watched as her father cleaned their dishes. It was always the same two plates, bowls, and cups that they used. Kylie always wondered why that was since they had cupboards filled with all kinds of glassware.
Sherlock sighed and a hand went to the one on his stomach.
"Get dressed, Kylie. We're going to the park to see aunt Molly."
Sherlock let out a sob, but he was smiling, he was happy and he was loved and that’s all John could ask for. His face was red and his eyes puffy and swollen from his crying but it was no longer out of pain.
"When we first met of course, you probably don't remember because I kind of overloaded your mind with the TARDIS, but I marked it on my calendar, and today is the day!"
He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock let out a soft sigh and tried to pull away.
"Alright, I'm sitting. Now what?"
Sherlock's head snapped towards the Doctor.
‘Good bye, Mister Holmes!’
Moriarty gripped him tighter.
"Really?"
“Sherlock!”
“What’s the matter? Do you want me to stop?”
“So why not try and be happy, for them?”
(See the end of the chapter for
alcoholic, he was always the one who helped the alcoholic. Harry’s probably laughing at him right now. She would probably say it was Karma. All those years he spent ignoring her, or fighting with her because she drank too much. Now look at him, he was being threatened with his daughter in order to be sober. What did Kylie think of him now? Was he still the hero to her? Her father’s trusted partner, her army doctor who saved dozens of lives before he needed his own saved. He hated disappointing Sherlock, and now he hates to disappoint Kylie.
‘Yes, yes, I am aware that he’s been diagnosed with…Pancreatic Cancer….’
The Doctor just laughed at John's inquiry and then turned to face Sherlock who seemed to be somewhat amused by his fiancee's puzzlement. He released John's hand and then turned to head towards his TARDIS. With a dramatic spin, he rested a hand on the door of his machine and then faced the couple.
“Why are you so happy?”
“How old are you?”
Holmes thought that he had taken Watson’s mind off of his worries, but realized that he failed when he saw Watson’s eyes flicker over to the clock and immediately began tapping his foot impatiently. He didn’t grumble this time, but Holmes knew full well what he was doing.
“Never mind, you wouldn’t know anyway.”
"Not this time. Kylie, she called me. She told me that you were up late, shouting at Sherlock when in reality nobody else occupied the room, save you. She told me that you said that 'She couldn't help you'."
“My ex-commander from the army was named Sholto. Odd.”
"Ah, so your companion has the same vice that my own does. Holmes has a nasty addiction to cocaine and although I try to ween him off, he does have the habit of going back to it."
"Because it makes it stop. The pain of your death, it makes it stop for a little while, only a short while."
I’m getting off topic, aren’t I? I was up to when you got released from hospital, right? It was raining that day, so I had to leave Kylie with Mrs. Hudson, Molly was too busy that day, and I supposed that Mrs. Hudson hasn’t had much of a chance to spend time with Kylie, and I wouldn’t be long. You were sitting up in the bed looking as miserable as ever. When the door closed and you perked up almost instantly, and a smile came to your face.
"That's....you're....me..." John stammered.
“Yes, I did.”
At first, John dismissed it as nothing more than grief. He missed him, God he missed him so much. He could go and visit him every day, but it wouldn't change the fact that John's chest ached each time he left. He wished that they could have had more time together, that it wasn't fair. He wished that he had his Sherlock back. Kylie almost never brings him up around John, but when she does, John responds to her, answers her questions about what was Sherlock's favorite color, when Sherlock's birthday was, what his favorite song on the violin used to be. Sometimes he would entertain it for as long as she wanted to, but on some days he would give a brief response and then act as if the conversation never happened. Those days happened more than most. They were the days were John would sit up in his flat while Kylie was off at school, swishing around the cup of whiskey he held while thinking of Sherlock Holmes, his husband, his best friend, his world.
“But it’s okay now, I have my John back, we’re…we’re happy, he makes me happy, and hopefully I do the same for him. This is what we both need now.”
She looked up at the two in front of her, just above John's head.
Sherlock looked down at Rosie. He smiled and nodded. “For however long that’ll be.”
The woman stood straighter, her brown waves falling to her back instead of resting on one shoulder. Her eyes darkened.
Sherlock seemed to not notice any of this; his eyes were trained on John’s. If Sherlock’s eyes were a sniper rifle and John his target, he would be lying on the floor in a pool of his own blood. The soft pink lips were trying their hardest to not bust out into a mad grin. Sherlock was beaming with excitement and passion, with a cloud of warmth surrounding his very aura and smothering John with it. Sherlock picked the tuxedos, he was very adamant about their physical appearance during the big day. John could spend the whole day thinking about how many shops he was dragged into to be fitted for the perfect tuxedo. It didn’t matter to him, what he wore, but it made him feel fuzzy inside as he watched Sherlock scurry about the day trying to perfect their wedding and plan everything accordingly. In the end, Sherlock was happy, and that’s all that John needed.
John looked at Rosie, who was now staring at him laughing. He shook his head. “Rosie! You shat on Sherlock Holmes!”
Turning his attention the newly put out ingredients for his breakfast, he rubbed his hands together and said, "Right, off we go."
I let her disappear into the crowd before I took my own leave, giving Greg a short wave before exiting the building and returning to Sherlock. He seemed better in spirits when I came back. He asked me how the party was, and I told him it was an office party, it was horrible. He chuckled at that and saw the gift boxes in my hand. His face fell a little and he pointed to the boxes.
‘I’m glad papa decided to bring you this time.’ You whispered to her. I’ve neglected to bring her those times because I was always in such a rush to see you after work that I never stopped off at the flat to get her. It was selfish of me, I know, I can hear you scolding me already.
“’Papa misses you. He gets so sad when I ask about you. I don’t like to make Papa sad. He told me the story of how you met. He said that you were brilliant.’ The spelling is off, but never mind that. ‘I asked him why you left us and he said that it wasn’t your choice. He told me that you got sick when I was a baby and I didn’t get to remember you…’”
"He told me that one day I would grow up to marry this wonderful man who would compliment me, and make me feel good, and love me."
"...He's....well you would have to ask him when he wakes up..."
“Your first hint. Take a good long look at Rosie’s outfit.”
After hearing him out, she smiled and started giggling.
room, that he decorated himself, that he slept in occasionally, that he cried in the night of John’s marriage. The room that he slept in now was temporary, he knew that, but the room wasn’t for him and John, it was for John and Mary. This flat, was for John and Mary and Rosie. There was no space for him in here, he shouldn’t have space in here. John shouldn’t be warm and loving to him here. John shouldn’t kiss him, and make love to him and whisper that he loves him in the bed that he shared with his wife. Sherlock didn’t deserve John’s love; this house was proof of it. He didn’t deserve to have nice things happen to him.
John and The Doctor were standing behind the door's opening direction and watched with careful and uneasy eyes as Watson squirmed his way out of the angel's deathly sight. As he was backing up, he would blink, once he was far enough to not get attacked. With each blink, his heart rate rose, and she got closer. He finally got to the desired door and turned to face the wall. In between him was just enough space to get the angel in front of him without being touched, and enough room to get away from her when the door was opened.
"Watson!"
Watson crossed his arms.
Then Molly’s turn came to chat you up. She decided to have a conversation about the oddities that she encountered in the morgue while you’ve been away. Then she progressed into the usual gossip that floated around workspaces, you weren’t too interested in that part, but you let her finish that time and I was thankful for that. By the time she was done, I’d say that six minutes had passed by then, but did you know that? Of course you did. You were having fun, Sherlock. Or the closest bit to it since you hadn’t solved a case for a while. You didn’t even notice me sitting in the chair with Kylie in my arms, watching you talk to our friends that you had been trying to shut out ever since you came back to hospital. I wished that you didn’t automatically try to do that all of the time.
“Is that a head?”
“What is this?! Explain yourself, NOW!”
Mrs. Hudson was the one to give her thoughts on the matter. She started crying.
“But I digress.”
I was going to tell her that he wasn’t coming, but Greg came over to me and clapped a loud hand on my shoulder. Sally got the hint and walked over to Anderson.
Moriarty’s smirk widened and he opened his mouth to speak, but then shut it just as quickly. His head snapped towards the door and his smile could almost touch his ears.
He bent down and kissed the dry lips. Sherlock hated the way John looked so tired. It was all because of him. He kissed the tip of his nose and rested his head on the seat of the cushion.
There goes that perfect memory. Reflexively, John looked down at his hands. His fingers spread out. He looked back up at Sherlock and smiled.
Kylie seemed a bit unsure.
‘Can we go now, John? I am eager to return home.’
He shook his head and gave me a sad smile.
I pretended that I wasn’t watching you mouse around in your drawer, and made my way to Kylie’s crib. I set her down gently, and the mobile shook a bit, causing you to close your drawer abruptly and spin around as if there was someone breaking into your house. At the sight of me, you relaxed, but the familiar look of tension was still in your eyes. What was it that you were so frightened of me seeing, I thought. I found myself a bit down that you would go so far as to hide something to this extent from me. I’m not saying that we were to be open with everything in our lives, but we should at least feel comfortable enough with the other knowing something.
Molly's mouth twitches.
"So why are you asking for biscuits if you've already found them?"
"How've you been, John? Is everything alright? You and Kylie getting on okay?"
"I trust you enough to get me out of this alive!"
“Yes, yes, precisely.”
“’Dear Angel Daddy,
John's lips quiver as he remembered every single detail about Sherlock. The way he styled his curls, the way they messed up when he slept. The cheekbones that could poke an eye out, resting on his face, causing his eyes to be small and slanted like a cat's. The blue irises that would change its color every so often. The crooked smile that Sherlock wore on occasion. The deep voice that could charm the pants right off of him. He can still feel the way Sherlock's lips were also so soft, so delicate compared to his own.
Sherlock wiped his mouth after placing his fork on the empty place. He looked up at John with fullness and love.
The Doctor's tone deepened and he looked more worried by the second. John's attitude wasn't helping either.
“They like to call him names; freak and psychopath are the popular choices. I know that he isn’t the nicest person in the world, and that he doesn’t always say the politest things, but you know he mainly fights back because they start the argument. And part of me thinks that he was a lot nicer and kinder when he was younger, but people took advantage, or the bullying started and it made him into the person he is now. I’m pretty sure that Mycroft had a lot to do with it as well. Mycroft is his older brother.”
“Oh Holmes, for such a smart man who shows little to no emotion, you always seem to betray that notion.”
“All of it is gone. The markings from Mrs. Hudson when the CIA agent attacked her, the little scuff marks of our feet when we were too tired to function. You left a bit of sauce right where your hand is the night we first met. I hadn’t noticed myself until the day after. Your finger must’ve hit the plate when we left Angelo’s.”
“I thought I made the right choice, don’t you, Sherlock Holmes-Watson?”
“Release them at once, Doctor!”
He took a seat next to the two and said, “Your company is enough for me. If you want to watch Bond again, we’ll watch Bond. If you want to just sit here and eat, I’ll do that too. I’m just throwing out suggestions because I feel like you’re already bored with me.”
"I know."
"They aren't of my concern at the moment, you two are, however."
It was just like any other day on Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson was downstairs cleaning and baking all at the same time, you were lounging around the house drowning in your own sea of boredom, as there were no cases for you to solve, not like Lestrade would have given you that many anyway. Kylie was priority then. I expected her, I had been expecting her for weeks, but she never showed up, she was either busy, or she managed to relapse. But this time was different; she was finally going to show up. No doubt you wondered why I was bouncing about the house like an eager puppy, or maybe you already knew and decided to let me have my moment. If that’s the case, then thank you, Sherlock. She walked into the flat, she looked different then I remembered. Older, sure, that’s what time does to people. She also looked cleaner, healthier, or maybe I wanted to think that she looked like that. She cut her hair, it used to be down to her back, but when she visited it was no further than her shoulders. She had bags under her eyes that the makeup couldn’t even conceal, and all in all, she looked so different. It made me sad, I think, to see her like that. Like a porcelain doll that was too valuable for anyone’s possession, cracked and chipped from the years it spent withering away from lack of love, and self-destruction.
Sherlock grabbed John’s face and kissed him. He kissed him again, and again, and again.
“I watched myself spend every waking moment to bring you down. Subtlety is vital. He was never in the frontlines, he hid in plain sight. Acted normally, a passing face on the side of the street, and you never realized until it was too late.
“I know.”
The suspense was killing them, it was almost as if it weren't a person walking towards them but a ghost of some sort, haunting them and making them think they lost their minds. But once a foot stepped into the light, John and Watson were ready. However, when the rest of the stranger's body was revealed to them, they realized that it was no stranger at all.
'No. I don't want them to see me in this state, I can barely stand letting you see me like this.'
Your head shifted back a bit. I could see he outline of your nose, and a bit of your mouth.
He left the office before Ella could utter a word.
Sherlock sings to Rosie and John sorts out his feelings.
“Yes, yes, I’m aware. They’re engaged to be married.”
The Doctor nodded.
Shortly after John helped Sherlock settle in, he phoned the nearest takeaway place and ordered for them both. Sherlock was sat on the couch with Rosie in his arms while he listened to the phone call. He couldn’t help but smile at the fact that John never forgot Sherlock’s order. Orange chicken with white rice. John hung up the phone and walked back into the living room with that smile that’s been plastered on his face since Sherlock agreed to stay.
Sherlock snorted.
“And what does that make me, the cat or the mouse?”
the most obnoxious, rude, and unpleasant man that anyone could have the misfortune to meet, that he loved him.
or else…or else you won’t get better.”
'Hi, Sorry I'm late! There was an insane amount of traffic on the roads!' I knew that chipper voice anywhere. It was Molly. I stood up to join you two over at the door. She was making her way inside of the flat.
“Thanks for helping me out with the gifts.”
"What are you doing after this? Surely you have something planned for your darling husband, yeah?"
For Sherlock, John would wait forever. His love, his life.
“Or what if it’s one of our names?”
During our late night conversation, the topic of conversation was sort of morbid. You decided that you wanted to cuddle with me that night, I was so grateful to feel the warmth of your body; I should never feel coldness where another body lays. I can still feel your long graceful fingers curling the short, blonde hairs on my chest as we talked. Your hair tickled my cheek, but it felt good. My hand stroked your back and I loved how you shivered as I ran my fingers down your spine. My lamp was off, but yours was still dimly lit, as you were reading when I entered the bedroom. I could see the bright colors of the crib that was placed across from our bed. I was getting ready to fall asleep, work was busy that day.
“You should’ve seen them; they were sobbing their eyes out!”
You would crawl into the bed with me after Kylie was put to bed, and you would hold me, but you wouldn’t speak to me. If you did, it was only because I initiated the conversation. You laughed sometimes, but your smile looked forced, like you did everything out of obligation.
John had a guess they were both smiling into the phone now. Sherlock coughed and said, “I’ll see you when you come back.”
'Please, John. I need you to make love to me if I'm still your Sherlock, and if you still loved me and if you can still find me remotely attractive anymore...'
John had his mouth open.
‘Meaning they die, John I’m not a child nor am I an idiot, people either die in surgery or they don’t, and even if they don’t, the surgery might not work and the cancer might still be inside of them. I don’t want to be one of those people,’ you said, ‘I want to be among the people that survived and are cancer-free. Do you think that could happen to me? I won’t ask you to promise me that because promises can’t be kept.’
“Do you mind if I ask a few questions?”
Sherlock’s mouth hung open. Then, he smiled. “Clever boy.”
‘I know that, John.’ You were disgruntled, or at least, you wanted everyone to think you were that way. ‘I don’t enjoy the news anymore than you do and would like to have it removed if there is a chance.’
“Who is…he?”
He’s smiling and talking a lot more. Still should work on that appetite.
She sent me a message saying that she drew none other than Sherlock Holmes, and she tried to pawn it off to other officers, but they all declined, so she was stuck with him. I was a little miffed at that and I asked her if there was a reason she was talking to me. She needed help getting him a present. I groaned, and told him that some of his chemistry stuffs were broken or thrown out by Mrs. Hudson, and that he had been complaining about that for some time. I also told him that he was in need of a new scarf since he tore his blue one running after a suspect, preferably dark colours. I gave her a few other ideas that I think he would appreciate, but I wasn’t the one buying the gift. She sent “thanks” with nothing capitalised so I’m going to assume she was being sarcastic. I pocketed my mobile and got up to go to Sherlock’s room. I put my ear to the door, but I heard nothing. I sighed and once again went to bed early, thinking about things Greg would want.
Don't worry, the next chapter will have a bit more detail to it, I was just testing this out. The next chapter will also be fluffy, with a dash of angst!
Watson walked over to Holmes and knelt down. He wanted their eyes to meet.
“You know what I mean. How do you feel about him? How does he feel about you?”
“I am so immensely proud of you, John! When I met you, you were rivaling me in being thin. I see this, as well as your scars, as progress to how far you’ve come. You’re so much stronger than you think you are John. Do not think for a second that you are anything less than perfect to me, do you understand?”
"Uncanny!" Holmes exclaimed.
‘John…’ God, you sounded like a zombie. I placed Kylie in her crib and then joined you on the bed. You were curled up into a ball so it was harder for me to examine you.
Mycroft came right out and said, "It has come to my attention that you have started drinking, John. As well as fall into depressive states that cause you to ignore your daughter, who also happens to be my niece if I might add."
"It would be best to not keep them waiting, dear brother; you know how crowds get when things are behind schedule."
"I should hope so, Doctor."
Here's the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mTa8U0Wa0q8
It was The Doctor. He had a wide smile on his face and extended his arms like he just performed a wondrous magic trick before their eyes.
The Doctor’s smile widened even though it hurt and gave a cheerful nod.
Those words would make me so happy, even on my worst day.
“Time and time again, I’ve been told the same things over again. I’ve been told that I would never find someone who loved me, that I would die alone, and that I would never have friends, and after a while, I started to believe them. I’ve always thought that it didn’t bother me, that I could spend my entire life alone in solitude and isolation and not care a fig about it. How wrong I was.”
Holmes seemed unfazed the strange cryptic man standing beside them, staring into the fire as if it was sending him a message of upmost importance.
“Come on, we’re going for lunch.”
Sherlock spoke this time.
Mrs. Hudson look put out, as I said that she would, and crossed her arms.
Mycroft twirled his umbrella around and coolly said, "Have patience, John. We'll arrive at our destination in due time. For now, just relax."
That's absolutely ridiculous.
'I want the towel, John...so I can get out.' Your eyes danced over to the towel again and I grabbed it and opened it up. I held your hand and supported you as you got up and then you wrapped the towel around your waist. I pulled the plug so that the water could drain and then helped you as you stepped over the edge of the tub to get out. It was then I noticed how thin you really were. Your wrist, it was sharp and that was all kinds of not good because that meant that I could feel your bone. You were always a skinny person, Sherlock, but that was the limit. I made a mental note to myself to make sure you ate when you woke up from your kip. But until then, I needed to get you to the bed. You sat yourself on the bed and then moved the covers so that you could lay down. I started to stroke your hair, but that didn't lift your spirits at all.
Holmes’s cheeks turned red from being flattered at the compliment The Doctor gave him. Watson couldn’t help but smirk, Holmes always seemed to have a weak spots for compliments on his genius and brilliant deductions. But just as happy as Watson got when he saw Holmes’s reactions to compliments, he couldn’t help but feel a bit sad at the thought that it was because hardly anybody pays him one. But that didn’t matter because he had Watson now, just as Watson had Holmes.
He smiled and gave him a short kiss before breaking apart again.
"Just let me be, Sherlock, I'm not hurting anyone."
Of course, Young Sherlock didn't answer. Sherlock sighed.
Watson and John just stared at the Doctor.
"What do you mean by that? Nobody likes me, it'll always remain like that. Who could ever like someone like me?"
Sherlock groaned and fussed, John chuckled.
John’s mouth gaped and he sat up. “Oh my god…you forgot about the castor oil.”
John stared for a little while longer before storming around the statues and marching down the hall. When he saw that the others weren't following him, he spun on his heel and tried to speak to them as calmly as he could, which was barely.
“But, Sherlock, there are a few questions I’ve been meaning to ask you, if you care to answer them.”
"Take it easy, Watson."
Sherlock looked at Holmes, curious as to what he does next.
'Easy, love, easy...' I said as you looked like you were panicking. You settled back into the water at the sight of me and your eyes were wide and you looked like your chest was heaving like you were catching your breath.
The Doctor froze for a moment but then gave a bright smile.
He crumbled the paper up and let it fall on the empty seat of the couch. He tried to remain indignant, aloof even, but we’ve been together long enough for me to realize that he was sad.
Watson's eyes were bulging and wild.
Sherlock huffed, but then crawled under the blankets with Kylie. He patted the empty side of the bed.
"Sometimes the TARDIS likes to do things her way."
“How was I supposed to know the manhole was open since the man we were chasing ran right over it?!”
You sounded like you were going to pass out right then and there. The doctor in me was screaming bed rest because that’s exactly what you needed. I gave you another peck and told you that we were going to be home soon and that you would get as much sleep as you needed. You made some passing remark about Kylie, and I told you that she could spend a few hours with Mrs. Hudson. If she needed me, she could always give me a shout from down the stairs. Surprisingly, Kylie enjoyed herself with our landlady, but we considered Mrs. Hudson as Kylie’s grandmother since she was so motherly to us.
“Because, we’re getting married soon, or in the future, or in another universe, whatever, and we want to enjoy domesticity, John does more than me, but that’s beside the point. I’m sure you know that after a wedding ceremony comes the sex holiday, er, I mean honeymoon, yes?”
“When I woke up and you weren’t in the bed I thought that…maybe I just dreamed everything…or you left.”
I'm really good at getting off topic aren't I?
“Come, let’s find you more suitable clothing, hm? Preferably some without food stains.”
Sherlock chokes again. He feels the cyberman’s grip release from his waist. The body comes crashing down to the floor.
You finally said that you were one of her parents; I just wish that you acted like it more.
"We'll be out of your hair tomorrow."
John shrugged. “Sorry, I was miles away.”
"Sorry, what?!"
Sherlock notices that the Cyberman doesn’t move to kill him. He knows that John is still in there, still the brave soldier, still fighting.
Despite the circumstances, a small part of Holmes found this entertaining.
That unsettled everyone in the room. You shuffled around in your seat and Molly broke eye contact with Kylie to look at the both of us, even Mrs. Hudson looked like she was paying attention. I heard you breathe out my name and I felt a small part of me die when I heard it. You didn’t want to be reminded of it, but as long as your illness existed, so did the problems.
This is how our days went, I would wake up and find you passed out next to me, and then send Kylie down to Mrs. Hudson before going to work. I would come back to find you sat at the table busying yourself with your experiments, or the case you’ve been given. Kylie would be downstairs keeping Mrs. Hudson happy and I would be content. When you finally acknowledged my presence, you stood up from the chair and walked over to me. You would give me a kiss and then ask me how work was and I would tell you the same thing every day.
"I'm hopping in the shower, care to join?"
“John…” Sherlock growled.
"Well this won't do, not one bit."
“John! Glad you could make it!”
“Did she give you any trouble today?”
“That sounds absolutely splendid, I’m…I’m so happy for you…” Watson trailed off on the last part. John took this opportunity to ask his own question.
The weeks flew by, and then turned into months, still no word from the agency. Even I was beginning to think that our hopes of becoming parents were starting to look slim, but I had to keep the morale high, or else you would start sulking around the house again. Just when I was starting to lose all faith in becoming a father, my phone rang. You were out on a case, so you weren’t around to hear the good news. They found somebody, a teen from the way she sounded, typical, a young woman who made the wrong choices and ended up the result of their misbehaving. I could relate because I was a rebellious teen, and I know for a fact that you were, Sherlock. The only thing that separated us from the poor girl was that we weren’t female, of course.
then. Sherlock’s bed was always meant to be used by the both of them as they made love.
"How?" Holmes uttered.
"I believe that I am still clever, Doctor. Using the past-tense implies that I was once at an earlier stage in time, but am now not."
“It’s fine, it’s all fine, Harry. Thank you for coming.”
“I’m doing her a favor.”
“Sherlock.”
You rolled your eyes.
He walked into his room and quietly closed the door. I don’t know what I imagined when he first brought up the Secret Santa. It was quite disheartening, actually, to see him think so hard about such a pointless Christmas tradition. The worst part about it was that he was sure that the whole of Scotland Yard came up with this just to have a laugh. Sure, the Yard isn’t particularly warm toward him, and believe me, he gives them plenty of reason not to be sometimes, but I think that on some level, he did want to participate and maybe if it had been anyone other than Sally Donovan, he would have put a bit more effort into it. My thoughts were thrown off when I got a text from Sally. It was like I was in a bad Christmas comedy.
"All of those times I tried to get you out of those jeans and into proper trousers, you never agreed. What happened now?" Sherlock grumbled.
"You realize we're in the nineteenth century, right? Two men being together is not exactly...legal."
"But you may have to give him a bit more than that of a normal patient. This isn't the first time he's...used it."
“Oh I understand, but first, let me tell them about the time you fell into the manhole.”
"Watch him. Please."
‘Yep…doctor said that you’ll be alright…’ I lied to you, love, and I’m sorry. Mycroft told me later what the nurse said, it wasn’t anything important. She said exactly what I told you when you got out. You needed a lot of rest, and even though you weren’t taking many cases, I still had to stop you because you needed to take it easy.
The last thing he remembered saying was, “Who…?”
I chuckled and said something like, 'You don't look that different from when we first met.'
Watson nodded.
"Then you'll get married to him, and you'll be so happy, and he'll be happy, and there will be nothing else that can even come in comparison to it."
“Well, that’s it for tonight then, Holmes. I shall see you in the morning.”
“But you said it yourself, I’m your companion, and we’re supposed to do this together!”
I opened my mouth to speak to you, to tell you that it needed to be done, that this wasn’t going to go away, even with the surgery. You still would have had cancer in your body, and that’s a lot for people to deal with. I saw the wear and tear, Sherlock; this was bothering you more than you let on. No words came out, and you were one step away from spitting hot coals. You rolled your eyes and walked past me into our room. You slammed the door, and I was pissed at you because you were acting like a child, but I decided to let you go on your little tantrum and get it out of your system. I kissed Kylie on the nose and her close as I mentally prepped myself for the oncoming storm that was you, Sherlock.
She holds up his mobile. There's a message from Molly.
“Really? Oh I see, you know what this means, right?”
"What?!" The Watsons yelled.
“What?”
"Hello, Sherlock."
Sherlock was in front of John now. Touching his hand, caressing his face, stroking his hair.
John shrugged.
He stood back up and made stern eye contact with the Doctor.
He clicked it on and it shone on Holmes’s chest. The man looked as if he has been struck with a fatal blow.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I understand completely.”
Sherlock’s eyes met John’s. “Restore, replace, what does it matter anymore? I don’t even have anywhere else to sleep until this flat is fixed.”
My casual smile returned and I nodded in agreement. Her face was sullen as her eyes trailed off to her belly. She rested a hand on it and started to rub circles on it.
‘I’m afraid the young lady that has agreed to give her baby up for adoption can’t attend our meeting today. She has an appointment, sonogram.’
“And what if we choose to not shoot the other?” Sherlock asked.
I made my way over to our bed and sat down and continued the mediocre method of keeping Kylie quiet, which was still effective, surprisingly, while I was waiting for you to finish up with the bottle. No doubt you were making sure that it was the right temperature and the exact measurements, don’t think I didn’t see you out of the corner of my eye whenever I was making it myself.
“Sounds like someone else I know.”
I took the opportunity to tell them about your upcoming procedure to get the cancer cells removed from your body, and that the odds of you being healthy again were high. Still no response.  You looked unsettled, Sherlock, and you had every right to be, hell you didn’t even want to tell me that you were feeling ill.
“We can stay up, until Rosie falls back to sleep. You can show me some movies I’ve never seen if you want.”
“What about something homemade. Soup?”
“Speaking of Holmes, is your Sherlock awake?”
“I knew he liked me, but I didn’t know the depths he would go for me. It was at the swimming pool that I found out. Jim Moriarty, a deranged psychopath who’s tried to kill me and John countless times. He had John strapped to a bomb jacket, made it look like he was the one who was trying to get me. He wasn’t, but I was too distraught to deduce that. I thought I lost my only friend. But he then John did something, I’ll never forget it for as long as I live. He threw himself on Moriarty for me…he was going to blow himself up, for me, me! I could scarcely believe it. We made it out alive, for that I can thank Irene Adler.”
John reaches out to grab the bottle again, but he makes the mistake of looking at Sherlock. He hates disappointing him.
“I can be as negative as I choose, Watson, but I never find myself worrying about anything anymore.”
You looked lost for a moment, but you snapped back into reality and slid your shoes on and grabbed your coat and scarf off of the rack. You turned to face me.
"And where is that, exactly?"
That got Moriarty to laugh.
Sure enough, his eyes fluttered open and John felt his heart jump in his throat. Sherlock's mouth curled into a small smile at the sight of John.
“Alright, you can come but you have to stay with me at all times, it’s getting dark out there and we need to keep our wits about us.”
Sherlock shrugged.
“I think she would like to help you feel better.”
Sherlock smiled even though John wouldn’t be able to see it clearly, and returned to his original position, falling asleep faster than he ever had in his life.
The Doctor shrugged.
“You aren’t a good man, Sherlock. You’re a great one.”
“That is rather peculiar. But to return to the topic at hand, we eventually found the remains of her father and the treasure he died for. I remember my declaration of love to her. It was very…cliché, if I could remember. I know now that my proposal was from the spur of the moment and excitement of Holmes’s fantastic deduction that solved the case. “
A smirk tugged at Sherlock's lips.
"...Like I asked before, if you could keep your voice down..."
We were so hot on their trail, Sherlock, but then something happened to you. You stopped running and a hand flew to your stomach. Your face was scrunched up in pain, it's sad that I know that face so easily, huh? Of course I was worried, you're my Sherlock, and I'm your doctor, and your husband, if something was wrong with you, I needed to know. I stopped a few feet ahead of you and immediately rushed to your side. The Waters were gone, but I didn't care about that, your health and safety came first, besides I heard the sirens in the distance.
Watson's courteous smile returned.
“Surely you can find something else to do while we sleep,” Sherlock interjected.
"Almost did me in. Had to remove the bullet myself."
“You record his cases too?”
“John Watson has been upgraded, all shall be upgraded or deleted” The machine that was once John replied but made no move to grab at Sherlock, instead just staring ahead, it’s hand twitching slightly but made no more movement.
"Precisely!"
The Doctor, Holmes, and Watson were all laughing at their squabble. It wasn’t serious; they could easily tell that Sherlock and John have had the playful fights more than once. Holmes and Watson made the mistake of glancing at each other and immediately, they couldn’t turn anywhere else. The Doctor was the only one really watching where they were going. Eventually, Sherlock and John’s argument were done and they were walking with each other as closely as possible without actually making any bodily contact.
“Sorry. Damn it, we’ll be Sherlock Holmes-Watson, and John Watson, and nothing will ever change that.”
The man that was now identified as Holmes now had a small ghost a smile on his face.
"I take it your friend has the same thing?"
We had nothing on for the rest of the day, I didn’t have work, and you were all out of cases. So there we were, walking hand-in-hand down the street, making our way to the park, doing nothing more than chatting about nonsense and how our day went, and making the stupid jokes we both found so funny. It was a nice day, so naturally, everybody was in the park. Everybody wanted to soak up the sun’s rays, it seems. This year is the one of those years where people decided to have a kid all at one time, which means we saw mothers and fathers walking past us with their children following behind them, if they weren’t in strollers, that is. You were irritated, so many people all cooped up in one area, you were never good with people. But I remember seeing your face as you watched all of the children laughing and playing with each other, I thought you were simply observing them, like you do with other people that you met, I was too busy admiring just how cute they can make everything look.
The whole group stopped and looked over. Miles and miles of headstones covered the green grass that had brown patches in it. The headstones looked like they were from all kinds of different periods in time, but no doubt the much older ones, the ones from centuries ago were farther in the actual graveyard. John shivered at the sight of all those graves.
When he does wake up, it’s nearly eleven. He comes out of the room, hair poking out all over the place, yawning, rubbing his puffy eyes. When he looks at John and Rosie, he frowns and his shoulders sag.
“Yes?”
Sherlock looked away, and for a moment he looked…he looked sad. John didn’t want him to wear that face. He didn’t want to see Sherlock suffer like he did.
Holmes’s eyes lit up.
By the time they arrived at the reception hall, the guests were already beginning to settle in and take their seats. They’ve all had little plates with light snacks scattered about with glasses of champagne. Sherlock wasn’t much of a drinker, but for this occasion, he would drink the champagne, and he will love every sip of it. There was a long table at the front of the room. That’s where Sherlock and John are supposed to sit, along with the bridesmaids, and the best man. They were already seated and Sherlock smiled to himself, they know how to save time. They picked Molly as the maid of honor because she was their closest friend, and she did spend a great deal of time and effort helping with the wedding, and John insisted that they pick her. Sherlock glanced over at her sitting at the table, conversing with Lestrade and looking as giddy as ever in her lilac dress. He couldn’t deny it, the dress did suit her, and she felt comfortable in it. Sherlock turned his head to see John talking with The Doctor, and Holmes and Watson. Most likely, he was telling them where to sit since their attendance wasn’t exactly planned. He pointed to a table in the front that only had one person sitting there, but she moved to join her friends at another table in the back. Sherlock didn’t much care for them so he thought that it would be nice if they got hit with the door every time somebody entered and left. Watching the three move to their designated area, John turned to face Sherlock with the brightest smile on his face.
Watson let out another sigh. Holmes’s brows furrowed.
John looked up and saw that Sherlock's face was blank. He was scrutinizing John like when they first met. John's head was swimming, and he wanted nothing more than to have Sherlock's lips crushed against his. He just wanted Sherlock wholly, he wanted Sherlock in his arms. He wanted something from Sherlock, anything at all would be good enough for him. Sherlock's fingers ran through John's. John leaned all the way back in the chair and closed his eyes.
John huffed and dropped the conversation. He couldn't ignore the feeling of Mycroft's eyes on him. The driver turned and as he drove down the street, the houses got bigger and fancier, this was the neighborhood that John knew he would never be able to live in. He wondered how many of the houses belonged to people who needed the rooms. If there's anything John learned being with Sherlock, is that you could have all the money in the world, but still be the loneliest man on the planet. He wondered how Mycroft did it, being alone for so long with nothing but money to keep him company.
John gave a weary smile mixed with gratefulness.
You said, ‘The right thing for you to do would be to leave my flat, now.’ You were past irritated, you were angry at me. You should’ve known Sherlock that it would have been made obvious one day, and telling them would be a lot harder.
"So what am I supposed to do?"
Hearing that, John couldn’t help but smirk at the compliment. It’s been awhile since he’s had any guests over, but Sherlock was more than that and he wanted to make him as happy as possible while he was staying with him. The man has had enough happen to him these past weeks, and it still filled him with shame and guilt that he was one of the reasons why Sherlock was in pain. He shook his head and clapped his hands together.
“I have asked your companion before but seemed to have insufficient answers and told me to wait for you to wake.”
'Yes well...I'll come back soon to check up on you, politics can be very demanding at times. Until next time little brother.'
I saw Sally walking over with her gift, it wasn’t too big, and she looked a bit disappointed.
“You kept my chair…”
“Right, just call me if you need anything, yeah?”
"Why don't you keep me up-to-date about everything that's happened to you since the last time we met?"
“Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the grooms, I would like to thank you for coming today. My name is Greg Lestrade, or as Sherlock likes to call me, anything starting with the letter G.”
'I am not completely useless, John, I can do this much.' You said to me. For a brief moment, I was actually glad that you did that. I thought that you were finally coming around, but then I realized that it was because you were angry at me because there was nothing else you could get angry at. I watched as you struggled and I fought every urge to rush over and help you. You got it eventually, but you asked for my help in getting in the tub. I started to scrub your back because I knew that you were already tired and I wanted to save you as much time as possible. You looked so downtrodden when I cleaned you. You were a bit reluctant at first, you wouldn't let me lift up your arms so that I could get under them. I let you clean the rest of your body, but I just needed to get your back.
‘Her name is Susanne Smith; she’s coming up on her seventeenth birthday, which is in two weeks. Doesn’t have the best home life, her parents are never around, and when they are they don’t seem to pay much attention to her. She dropped out of secondary school, doesn’t have a diploma. She got mixed up in a bad crowd, made bad decisions; the child she’s carrying is one of them. She didn’t want to abort the baby, but she doesn’t want to keep it, she doesn’t want the baby to end up like her. She’s a smart kid, smart enough to understand that she’s not ready for a baby.’
In unison, the men sang, “And I love you so and I want you to know that I’ll always be right here, and I love to sing sweet songs to you because you are so dear…”
‘I’ve thought about it, for a long while. Don’t get me wrong, I want a baby, just…not right now, not like this.’ She told me as if we’ve known each other for years. As young as she was, and from parents who neglect her, all she needed was someone to talk to.
He looked around for a moment and with a short sigh, he took a seat in the chair next to mine. I was shocked, to put it mildly. He placed his umbrella in between his legs and twirled it around. When he realized that I wasn’t sitting, he looked up at me.
“Oh, oh no. John, I’m so sorry I forgot! Rosie took a nap and I joined her, I should have set an….”
“Love, wake up. Come on Sherlock.”
"...It was well into the evening hours before we woke up, Sherlock. I was the one to wake up first, thankfully Kylie was still asleep, but she needed to be fed and so did we. You were barely eating and that wasn't good for your already fragile health, love. I was determined to make you eat whether you liked it or not.
John awoke later that night to the sound of moans and whispers. Rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, he moved to turn the lamp on to see what the noise was. As soon as dim light spread around the room, he saw the Doctor sitting on Sherlock's bed, with said person making the noises that woke John up. John was wide awake now. He jumped out of the bed which was a lot easier since he wasn't under the covers, and ran over to his ailing lover. The Doctor looked over at him and his face read the exact same expressions that John had coursing through him at the moment too.
Just as quickly as the song began, it ended, and John couldn’t help but feel relief at the fact. Mycroft let go of Sherlock’s arm and watched as he stood in front of John with a gentle smile spread across his lips. John couldn’t help but glance at Mycroft. He could have been hallucinating but he could swear that he saw tears pooling in the brother’s eyes at the action of letting Sherlock go. It was then John realized that Mycroft knew that Sherlock wouldn’t need him anymore, didn’t need him to hold his hand and guide him through the busy streets of London and Life, and that he didn’t need a babysitter or a nanny anymore. He realized that Sherlock was no longer the little boy with the bumblebee pyjamas on, staring at his elder brother with those wide blue eyes eagerly awaiting the new bit of information that he was going to give him. No more were the days were Sherlock played Pirates in the backyard with him, or sat on his lap as Mycroft read a book aloud to him. Gone were the times where Sherlock snuck into his bedroom because he couldn’t sleep, had him patch up his wounds, or followed him around like a puppy, worshipping the ground Mycroft stepped on. He saw it now, the grown man with years of pain and hurt inside of him, finally finding the one person that could make him happy and fall in love with. Sherlock wasn’t the little boy with the mussed up curls, or missing teeth. Sherlock was a grown man, and this was him giving him away to the new man in Sherlock’s life, John Watson.
“Wait a minute. Everything here is like my flat back home. “
“Uh…thanks.”
“I don’t know, but I do know that I’ll need you to work with me.”
“Really? Pray tell me, who is the lucky lady?”
‘You’re a doctor, John; you know what I’m getting at.’ You were snappish again. This was conformation that this was a very touchy subject.
“What?” His boyfriend whined.
But it was. And we lived it.
Please comment/kudos/subscribe!
John shook his head. It's the drink, it's just the drink, he repeats to himself. His husband, his dead husband was not standing in front of him making snide remarks. He's hallucinating, he has to be. John opens his mouth to speak, but nothing comes out. He resigns to shaking his head.
"She turned five a few months ago."
"Shut up, Sherlock!"
‘Mr. and Mr. Holmes-Watson, please, take a seat!’ She motioned for us to sit down in the chairs propped in front of her desk. Well at least she wasn’t homophobic and completely heartless, right?
‘And…what…what did they say, doctor?’ I was the one speaking then, I needed to know at that moment, what was wrong with you, and if you were going to be okay. I needed you to be okay.
“The years haven’t been kind to you.”
“I didn’t mean it like that….I meant….I meant….”
“You didn’t have to listen to me John. You wanted to leave just as badly as I did.”
"No, they already administered the drug on me; I could barely make out his figure."
You woke up well into the am hours. You looked better, and you even started your experiments up again. Little did I know that a month later, you would be right back in the hospital again…
“As are you.”
“That is all I ask of you, Holmes.”
“I should have known that you weren’t of this era, not even the dirtiest rascal in Holmes’s irregulars has that much hair.”
The bartender slides down another drink and John stops it with the palm of his hand.
“I…care for you too, John Watson…”
“So does that mean that you didn’t write any vows for me?”
Now here he is. It's nearing ten at night on a workday, and John is sure that he would be stopped from drinking soon. If not by the bartender, then Greg, though he was sure that it was going to be Greg.
‘That’s too long from now, John. I don’t want to wait that long.’ Your tone wasn’t begging, and it wasn’t pleading either. It sounded informative, cool even, I knew that this was your façade. You let go of my arm and rested your hand underneath your head. Your eyes were lidded and I knew that the medicine was making you drowsy, I had to say my goodbyes to you then. I told you not to worry, you’ll be asleep for a long time, and by the time you wake up, and I would already be on my way to come see you. It was almost eight at night when you were admitted. I can see that I was doing poorly at reassuring you, and decided that it was best that I left. I told you that I loved you, and you sighed the same words back to me. You were unresponsive to my final kiss, you were already asleep. I caressed your curls, there were a few patches of missing hair, but it was barely noticeable to anybody who wasn’t looking for it. I told the nurse everything you were allergic to, my mobile number so that she, or your doctor could ring me if anything. I reluctantly told him the names of the people that weren’t permitted to see you and carefully listed the names. It felt like a betrayal to them, but I didn’t want you to get upset and make yourself sicker. I feel like I should have told them after I did it, I couldn’t and I resigned to letting them find out themselves.
“Should I? Pray tell me, why should I agree to this?”
“How?”
“That seems…rather merciful of them, Doctor,” Sherlock uttered, “Why don’t they just kill us instead, that seems like the better alternative. Why send us back in time?”
"Right now what's the other one?" John said.
"What is this?" Sherlock's rather attractive, tired voice asked.
"Don't fight me, I told you what would happen if you fought me, didn't I?"
Confused, he responded with a nod.
"I'm sorry John, this is not why you came here. I just...seeing you again...I miss him a lot."
He saw Sherlock's blush out the corner of his eye and smiled. As soon as they turned the corner, Sherlock was knocked down by man who was clearly running at a very fast pace.
"Just tell us!"
“You can sit here and worry all you want, but they won’t know that you’re doing such a thing. It doesn’t help the situation either, if anything it’ll make matters worse. You hype yourself up with scenarios, none of them good, and then bad things might happen due to the fact that you filled your head with nothing but negativity.”
“Yes I know that Holmes, but I know you, and you would have outright rejected the idea with scorn and mild amusement.”
'But, Sherlock, they all know what you're going through, Mrs. Hudson had to go through something like this years back...' I tried to reassure you, but it was failing and I knew that I would have to stop soon. You shook your head.
I hope you know Sherlock, I wasn’t mad at you, I was mad at myself for not knowing why you were so pained. Why you felt like you couldn’t tell me. I just wanted you to be okay.
“What is this?”
John rolled his eyes and let out an exaggerated sigh. “Oh fine, whatever Sherlock wants, Sherlock gets.”
Sherlock sat up and grabbed the two glasses filled half-way with wine. The bottle was nearly empty. Once they both had one, their arms entwined as they drank. Once their glasses held only one sip, John took them both and set them back down.
He bounced around the room.
"So you never even left the building? I was worried that the three of you would never return."
Sherlock was sniffling heavily, John thought he was bordering the edge of an anxiety attack. He lifted the covers off himself and whimpered, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to wake her, John…”
In the beginning of the dance, Watson was watching Sherlock and John with such intensity that he wondered if they could feel his eyes pressing into their mind. Likely not, they were surrounded in their own impregnable shroud and there was no place they would rather be. He felt his eyes lingering up to the stage where his Holmes was playing the most wonderful romantic melody he has ever heard. He would have to have Holmes replay it again at their flat for sure. As he watched the languid movements of the violin, and the graceful agility in which he moved the bow, he was enraptured. He couldn’t help but think back to earlier that day in the chapel.
"This is amazing! What else can you tell me? What about the other me?"
“You might, but then again you might not.”
With the soft smile of silent defeat and the cloaked emotion of jubilation, Mycroft gave John a pat on the shoulder, a gentle pat, John could barely feel it, and then giving his little brother a compassionate hug before making his way over to Greg. John’s smile faded for a brief minute, but returned again at the sight of his Sherlock, showing as much sentiment as he pleased without feeling any shame or regret for it. John found his hands automatically connected with Sherlock’s, and gave them a light squeeze as they shared one more look before turning to face the vicar.
"Of course I know what's in there, John, it's not the first time I've been in here."
Holmes watched with careful and thoughtful eyes as Moriarty smirked and stalked over to him with his hands still folded behind his back. He found the man behind him just the same as Sherlock, and felt an object being forced into his hand. He had half a mind to drop it, but that was before he deduced what it was.
“Well, she’s a bit cranky right now and her diaper’s been lacking a bit of…solid matter….”
"Well yeah but..."
Sherlock laughed and took another sip. He found himself staring at John for a while, long enough for John to notice.
He gives a tight smile and shrugs.
John’s eyes widened and he said, “Oh. She’s not shitting.”
"We understand that he is a serious threat to Sherlock and Holmes's..." The Doctor began, but was quickly cut off by John.
“He’s probably chatting it up with the other Holmes.”
Watson made an expression that showed he wanted further explanation.
‘What about the father of the child?’
After he dusted himself off, he looked around to see if there was any way he could get out of this place before any misfortune were to befall him. It was dark in the room, with only a dimly lit lamp resting atop a lonely nightstand in the center of the confined space. As far as he could tell, he was alone, but he was determined to find Holmes. With a deep breath he made slow and careful steps up towards what looked like a door. With each step of his foot, the room echoed the noise. Watson felt his nerves jumping at the thought of being alone with no idea of where he was or what would happen to him. He may have been in the army, and they may have taught him how to suppress his fear, but they didn't get rid of it. Fear is what makes a soldier; it drives them to always be alert and to remain cautious no matter where you were. Fear reminded the solider to keep his weapons close at hand and ready to fire should anything decide to pop out at him. Fear is what keeps the solider alive when they're stuck in a ditch, surrounded by dead bodies of people they once knew and called their friends. For it is fear that makes the solider angry and brave enough to shoot anybody in his sight just so he could live to see another day. And right now, fear is what was driving Watson to make his way to freedom with no weapon, no idea of what was going on, and no clue as to where his dear partner was. Fear was Watson's companion at the moment.
“You know Watson, you can tap your foot all you want but I doubt that’ll make them appear any faster.”
Watson squinted as he peered into the dark corners of the room, still not finding the reason for the noise. The hairs on his neck were standing still; he felt shivers make their way down his spine. He was scared, he knew that much. But he wasn't going to let the enemy find out. It was then he heard a very familiar voice.
"Oh my god, is that my little Kylie?"
“Yeah, you could stop by the flat for a cuppa, or something like that.”
‘Thirty whole minutes, John.’ You turned to face me. You didn’t look very amused.
"Why not just use your glowing accessory?"
“Fuck Sherlock…”
Watson rested a hand on his shoulder.
John nodded. "What would you like?"
They did liven the flat up.
“Hang on, we’re almost there.”
"Get some rest," The Doctor advised, "You won't be any use to him if you can barely stay awake you know, shame on you, I thought they taught you this in medical school."
Watson nearly spat out his tea. He had to force it down his throat before he said anything. He slammed the cup down, and the newspaper along with it.
"He?" Young Sherlock asked.
"You know I hate it when you wear all these clothes, Sherlock." John growled.
"So, just how long are our honored guests staying, exactly?"
‘Don’t worry,’ I told you, ‘If anything, it doesn’t seem too serious so this surgery might work.’
“Until I know what’s going on, you can’t come with me. Not with Weeping Angels out there, too dangerous.”
The next day, John finally had to return to work. It was different without him there. Sherlock had just gotten used to his constant presence again, and now, he was gone. Rosie didn’t seem to mind the absence much, she was usually with Sherlock for most the day anyway, he wondered if she even knew John was gone. He busied himself with playing with her, watching yet another rerun of Teletubbies in sheer horror, and thinking about new cases Lestrade might have. They were probably fives and below, so he let the thought go quickly. He looked at the clock, John would be due home soon and Rosie had yet to have her supper. By the time he fed her, John returned home. She could barely keep her eyes open.
"No, we, and I mean his brother, a man named Greg Lestrade, and myself, we've all managed to keep him away from it. He's been doing a good job at staying clean too, I'm proud of him. But with this morphine...I know that we don't really have much of anything to help him, but morphine is still a drug and I don't want to give him something else to get addicted to."
“We could have been so happy together, Sherlock…”
“Is it really?”
She opened her mouth and pointed to her front two teeth on the top.
‘You know what I mean, John, have you actually sat down and talked to him about what’s bothering him? He looks very…troubled I believe is the right word.’
“No, you git. Meeting you was the best thing that’s happened to me. Even now, you’re the best thing that’s happened to me. I know that sometimes I don’t tell you, but I am now. Falling in love with the Sherlock Holmes was and still is the greatest thing to ever happen to one John Watson.”
They stood in the center of the flat to take in the damage. Sherlock crossed his arms and kicked his foot at the remains of a book. John, holding Rosie, shifted her to his right and turned to Sherlock. The man was unusually quiet, and only uttered a few words when they entered the flat. The walls were black, the décor was scorched and ruined. Everything that they loved in that flat, everything that made 221B was gone. John jumped when Sherlock moved suddenly. He made his way over to the stand that used to hold his music sheets and set it upright. Sherlock turned to his favorite armchair and his brows furrowed. John watched carefully as his gaze went from his chair, to John’s favorite chair. What he didn’t expect to see was a tear roll down Sherlock’s cheek as he whispered, “It’s all gone now, John.”
"Oh, I don't want anything, I think you'll be wanting something from us."
"You'll find out soon!"
"I think he was right."
- delete later) and he was clearly having a rough time, the least I could do was watch his shows with him. He rested his head on my lap and I kept running my hand through his hair, hoping that he would say something to me. I think it was two hours before I heard him speak.
John cringed at the mention. He looked over at the cane and then back at Sherlock.
“I’m…I’m alright, Sherlock. Lie down with me.”
"Alright Sherlock let's be off now! Never know when an intergalactic war could break out. It does horrible things to time travel."
“Stamford?” Holmes asked.
“Ah, you have a violin.”
“Sherlock! John! Long time no see!” Angelo was holding two menus in his hand and grinning down at the two men. “What’ll it be tonight?”
Sherlock blushed.
"It's a children's movie, Sherlock. There is no logic in it."
I was disappointed; I thought that maybe you would want to chat with Harry to get to know her a little more.
You cut me off.
“You know what I’m going to say—“
"John we're going to get you help. Just hang on, John."
“Good morning.” Sherlock said.
John looked around. The only other person in the car was himself. His jaw clenched as he realized where he was. He looked out the window and saw his flat there. He hesitated to get out, he couldn’t face it. The first room he would see was Kylie’s. He tried to force himself to say something to the driver, to tell him to drive him to the pub a few blocks down from there.
Sherlock had his hand on the door and was ready to open it, but he stopped when John started talking. He let go and then turned to face John.
“Thank you, love.”
“That’s alright; I’ll use my wife’s car. God knows she won’t need it anymore.”
long I was there until…” He shuddered.
John cupped Sherlock’s chin and raised it up to make eye contact. Without words, he brought Sherlock into a kiss. It was urgent, his tongue parting Sherlock’s plump lips desperately searching for his boyfriend’s. Sherlock moaned, his breath shaky from steadying tears. John’s hands cupped both sides of Sherlock’s face, his head titling to get as deep into the kiss as possible. Sherlock wrapped his own hands around John’s waist, moving closer to do the same. They pulled apart, and stared into the other’s eyes, breathing heavily. A sense of longing, lust, guilt, and remorse filled their eyes. Longing to be together again, lusting for the intimacy that they craved, guilt for waiting so long to finally have each other, and remorse for all the years they spent, torturing the other with unspoken words.
I spent every day after that mourning you and the life that I thought we could’ve had. I thought I saw you sometimes, walking into the flat, playing your violin, typing away on your laptop, but then I blinked, and you weren’t there. I would sit in my chair and stare at the one you should have been occupying, but it was empty. It was then that I knew that I would be back where I started all those years ago, hiding within myself and refusing to come to terms with myself. I was lost and all alone in a world without Sherlock, my Sherlock.
John gave a smug smile.
"What, why?"
"Ready for what, exactly?" John responded.
“No! No, Sherlock, I can’t risk it; I won’t risk it with you, any of you. You two have a wedding coming up and you have to get back to your world, and you two, Holmes and Watson, you cannot get harmed, or else the timelines will be messed up and trust me when I say, nobody wants that.”
Sherlock’s face fell at the question. He looked down and shrugged.
"Kylie, you know that's not true, right? Of course I love you, I love your father too. I'll always love your father."
‘I…I’m sure you’re all confused as to why you’re here,’ I began,’ And now that Sherlock’s here, I can tell you.’
John was very proud of himself; he hoped Sherlock would eat it.
John’s brows furrowed. “Funny, that’s what I should be saying to you.”
“Watson writes about my cases too. He named one, our first one as well, A Study in Scarlet.”
I'll build more upon their meeting in the next chapter!
You were still pleading with me, you shook your head and your bottom lip was quivering. Eventually you let out a sigh and sulked over to the chair and sank down in it. I gave you an apologetic look, before I gave my attention to our guests. I cleared my throat and opened my mouth. I knew that I was speaking, I just couldn’t hear it.
John laughed, “I guess she did. Now come on, let’s pick something for us to watch. Have you ever seen The Hobbit?”
“Sherlock, Sherlock, hey.”
He was alone again. God he felt so alone.
"Dishes. The dishes need to get done."
John looked up at him and smirked
"Yes, you have a slight cut, but nothing too serious. You'll only need a good cleaning and some bandages and then you shall be fine."
That’s what I said to get your attention. You always listened whenever I called you by one of your many pet names. Your icy eyes glanced over at me, and then you squinted. I knew you were thinking about me. Then, you opened your mouth.
"And what might that be?"
Watson nodded in agreement. John shuffled, unsure of how he was to say it. He could blurt it out and then act like he never said it, or he could completely skirt around the idea and try to change the subject but the soldier in him screamed to tell the truth and get it over with. He chose to listen to his soldier side.
“Was she wearing that when I left this morning? I know you dressed her differently.”
He managed to not get drunk, but he couldn't help but get a nice buzz from his drink. He had to get Kylie, she was probably at Mrs. Hudson at this time. He threw his coat on and then left the flat. He could walk straight, that was good. He could form thoughts, which meant that he would be able to get Kylie and bring her back without anybody being none the wiser about his drinking. He managed to limit himself this time, no Sherlock, no Kylie, nothing stopped him this time. He crossed the street and was now in front of Mrs. Hudson's flat. He half-expected the knocker to be crooked, but it was straightened. Sherlock would have fixed it as soon as he saw it. John knocked on the door, and not too long after he knocked, Mrs. Hudson opened the door. John noticed that she wasn't smiling, as she usually did. Immediately, John was worried and said, "Mrs. Hudson, what's the matter? Is Kylie okay?"
John dabbed his face with the napkin and nodded. “Of course it is. You know I appreciate my pasta.”
The two husbands-to-be sheepishly smiled and nodded. The Doctor was surprisingly excited for them.
John gave an unsure nod.
John shook his head.
You don’t understand how happy that made me. I did tell you  that I wanted a kid back when we first got together, you shrugged the idea off at first, you told me that you weren’t the “fatherly type”, and that there wasn’t room in our lifestyle for a child who could barely take care of itself. I agreed with you, because I knew that you were right. We couldn’t run around on cases and risk our lives when we have a child waiting for us at home. But that still didn’t change the dull pain in my heart of not being able to raise one. I was so happy, that I rose out of my chair and walked over to you. You’re so beautiful.
“Well they went with that Doctor fellow, yes? I’m sure they’ll be back. If they’re anything like us then they are more than capable of fighting off any trouble, should they run into it.”
“You had your own problems, I understand that, John. I just wish…I just wish you came back.”
Their time was cut short when Mary gave birth. John was on his way to work, he spent the night at the flat again and so he got the call from the hospital. When he got there, he found her. Her blonde hair was stuck to her face with the perspiration of a long and tortuous process, her face downtrodden with pain, but it wasn’t only caused by the pain that is childbirth, but it felt deeper and more emotional. It wasn’t until after he was trying to get his bearings together, he noticed that the room lacked a few things, one of them being the baby itself and the other was lack of happiness and joy in the atmosphere. Mary didn’t say it but John knew he’s seen it happen before. The baby was stillborn. He had to stay with her now; he had to help her heal, he couldn’t leave her with the weight of her…their dead baby still keeping her down, he had to hurt with her. He told Sherlock, and he understood, like John knew he would. That was the last time he’s seen Sherlock. He didn’t mean to abandon Sherlock for a second time, but the death of his child hit him hard. Mary didn’t help matters either, they fought even more. Both threw around harsh words to bring the other down a peg because that was the only way they could deal with the death of the one thing that kept them together. John hated Mary as the years rolled by, but he wanted to help her through her pain. It was the doctor in him and the smallest part of him that wanted to be a good husband, even if she was a shoddy excuse of a wife.
Watson bowed his head for a moment before looking at Holmes again.
“John, were you listening to me?”
He stood up and put his hands in his gown. His shoulders were sagged, and my ruffling of his hair made him look like a petulant child.
John knocks back another glass. He thinks back to that day in the park, with Molly. She asked John that, and he didn't answer her. All he did was shrug and say, "She's...she's sad that he's gone. He was still her father, mind you. Beyond that, you would have to ask her."
"But when he left me, he said he would come back, but he didn't. And in time, I simply started to forget my ever meeting him."
"That's the whole of it - if you're looking for baby names."
But was that really true?
“I shouldn’t be doing this, but I see no other option at the moment. This shall have to do.”
With an extra boost from his cane, he made his way to the front door. It was so tidy, Janine must have kept it pristine and Sherlock finished where she left off. The faint sound of buzzing was heard. Sherlock must have finally started bee-keeping. John could faintly recall the discussion they had about retirement, when things seemed to be okay and they were happy. Sherlock told him that he’s always had a penchant for them and would someday like to keep his own little collection. John laughed, and Sherlock wasn’t too happy when he did. He didn’t think Sherlock was serious. Sherlock forgave him afterwards, because he realized that it did sound a little funny coming from his mouth. John never thought that he would be into something like that.
“That’s too bad. Now that I think about it, this doesn’t sound like much of an alternate universe if we’re exactly alike, minus the physical differences and time period. Your Holmes’s hair is very…”
John looked at the Doctor, by his facial expression, the Doctor knew that it his turn to provide the explanation.
One day, John came home from work with a bouquet of flowers. Sherlock watched with tired eyes the way his lover was so gentle with the flowers, and how he walked over to Sherlock with a warm smile on his face.
"I seem rather silly, don't I? Talking to myself, to you, if you're even really there." He had a hint of anger in his voice, but after the next sip, he started to calm down. His tone grew softer as he spoke.
Sherlock gave a sad smile.
“You told me flat out that he was going to help you investigate, and when I tried to ask you more, you got very defensive, but I let you do what you wanted to, I always do, you know that.”
I wondered if he realized that I don’t have any other friends besides him and Greg and Mike.
‘This is not how I want to be remembered. Not as this Sherlock.’ You whispered to me once again. I told you that they weren’t going to pity you, they weren’t going to dote on you, they were going to do their jobs as friends and comfort you same as I would. You threatened me when you realized that I would not drop the topic.
"You are a very lucky man, Sherlock. He loves you, and let me tell you, from what I've witnessed when I first met you, the only other thing that seemed to care for you as much as John does is your dog, and you and I both know what happened to him."
John’s grip on his hand tightened substantially.
Watson gulped.
John shrugged.
"Come on, I grow tired of standing here. I have yet to tell you what I intend to do with you, the both of you."
“Might I inquire where we are going?” Holmes asked in his cordial tone.
John was amused at Watson’s eager curiosity.
I always loved that, Sherlock. The way you made sure that whenever people met you, they met me too. Guess there really is no Sherlock Holmes without John Watson, is there?
“I suppose I am a bit nervous.”
As he covered Sherlock in kisses, Rosie’s cries could be heard.
Sherlock smirked.
“Now, I’m going to slide something into your hands, and you mustn’t peek until I say, do you understand?”
'Stay...' Your voice, it wasn't deep and baritone like I was used to, it was weak and strained. I was mad at myself for showing you pity, because you hated that. But you needed somebody, you needed your husband, and I wasn't going to leave you alone.
Thanks again to everyone who has followed the story.
, he scolds himself silently. He told himself to write everything down on a post-it note later on. A list of reminders, just something to look at once in a while. He looks at her with a false smile and holds his hand out for her to latch on to.They head to his room to commence the movie night. John secretly hoped that Sherlock would show. When they're sat on the bed, watching Lady and the Tramp, he laughs to himself when the meatball scene comes up. He tried to get Sherlock to reenact it with him on their anniversary. Sherlock missed the whole point, as was expected, and snatched the noodle right out of John's mouth. He couldn't understand what John found so romantic about "Playing Tug O' War with their mouths" and proceeded to eat the rest of their shared meal by himself. John should have been angry, but he wasn't. He was captivated by the oblivious genius that sat across from him. Utterly and completely in love with the madman.
“Brilliant! This is absolutely marvelous! Look at how powerful the light is, it could shine for miles in the dark, Watson!”
“I remember, Sherlock, meeting you all those years ago, and seeing how troubled…how…I don’t even have the word to describe it. I guess the sufficient word would be lost. You were having all of those problems and refused any help that was offered, you were determined to do everything on your own. But I saw the look in your eyes, there was nothing there, not even when you were solving the crime of the century. You were on auto-pilot and doing everything you did simply because you had to. You did so much to feel something, anything was good enough for you, even pain, and I just couldn’t…well I couldn’t stand to see you that way, Sherlock, nobody could.”
“’I asked him what you looked like (I know what you look like I only wanted Papa to tell me), and Papa said that you had hair as dark as mine and blue eyes. He said you were handsome’ She spelled it handsum, mind you. ‘I drew you, so that I might make Papa happy. I drew a cloud and then I drew you with angel wings. When I showed him the picture, he got sad again and he looked like he might cry but he didn’t. Papa’s strong. He hung up my drawing next to a photo of you and him when you got married, and then one when I was a baby.’”
When he finished his bowl, he took his and Kylie's to the sink to wash them out. He hated having to deal with the sticky residue in the morning if he let it out. He told her to go to his room and get the DVD player ready so that when he comes in, they can start the movie. When he heard her little feet scamper off, he started the faucet and lathered the sponge.
Sherlock apologizes for sleeping in again. John tells him, “When we first moved in, you let me sleep in, you let me eat biscuits and tea instead of a whole meal. You let me get better again without pushing me to do everything all at once. That’s how I want you to feel. When you want help, I’ll help you. When you want to be alone, I’ll give you space. We’re a team and I love you.”
Sherlock's voice came out no louder than a whisper. John's smile was slowly returning to his face.
“Bored, with you? Never! Walking down the street with you next to me is my life-long dream!”
"I..uh...I don't know."
"Come on Sherlock; move over a little, I'm rolling over."
"But there is nothing to be concerned about, we're getting married tomorrow, be happy about that."
After a moment, the Doctor said, "You don't believe me, do you?"
Sherlock didn’t seem to take a sip of his at all. He set his down next to him and then steepled his hands under his chin.
Sherlock chuckled and removed his mouth, leaving a string of spit and semen.
They left, but not before they talked to me in the hallway. They told me that weren’t going to talk about your illness and make you feel worse about it, they said that they didn’t want to focus on that. They only wanted to see you again, Sherlock, just like I told you. We are a grim bunch but we know our limits. Of course they felt bad for you, but they were never going to say that to your face, they know you Sherlock. They left, Mrs. Hudson had Kylie in tow with her. I trusted her to get home safe, that’s her grand-daughter, practically, and Mrs. Hudson is a tough one, she wouldn’t let any harm come to Kylie. This was an added bonus for us because that meant that I could be alone with you for a time.
“What happened to them? Mycroft, Molly, and Greg, I mean.”
“I do not expect any less of you, my dear Watson.”
John grits his teeth and starts to rub his leg.
‘You remember that, don’t you Sherlock? You remember how he never feared anything? Not even the firm hand of mummy.’
Sherlock let out a breath of laughter.
His voice was soft and shaky from his recent bout of tears. John was tired, but he didn’t want Sherlock to think it was his fault, he thought a lot of things were his fault. All he could do was smile warmly and nod, rubbing his back in soft circles. He had a hunch as to why Sherlock wanted to walk, he looked as tired as John did. They gave one last farewell to Angelo and set off. They walked, hand-in-hand down the street, Sherlock was more attentive than John as to where they were walking and John, being too tired, full, and content with his night, let Sherlock drag him wherever he wanted. As was the usual. They didn’t talk, it was just the sounds of cars passing by and their footsteps. Suddenly, Sherlock stopped, John bumped into him.
“Congratulations, may you find eternal peace and love in the arms of each other, I can’t believe it Holmes! I never thought I would live to see the day!”
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Wouldn’t you like to see your baby, Sherlock?’
"Don't worry Kylie, I'm coming with you. I know that you aren't too fond of being around strangers."
I couldn’t help but notice that you didn’t show her as much attention as the rest of us was, in fact, you seemed to be invested in her the least. Don’t get me wrong, you showed her attention, in the sense that you would talk about her and smile whenever you were being congratulated for her cuteness, but that was all. This troubled me greatly, Sherlock, it just wasn’t like you. I know that you were happy to have her finally, to have the ability to hold her in your arms, to smile at her, to laugh whenever she did something that amused you. But you did none of it. If anything, you seemed even more distant than before. You wouldn’t hold her, you wouldn’t feed her, and you wouldn’t change her diaper, which I understood. It was almost like she wasn’t even there. I tried to ask you about it but you would just dismiss me and refuse any type of social interaction for an extended amount of time.
"Why did you make this?"
For a very long time, Holmes was deadly silent. Watson understood and patiently awaited his reply. Holmes’s eyes looked like they wanted to say something so bad, that they had everything planned but nothing could come out. It almost pained Watson to see this, Holmes has never been so conflicted, not even for a case, but this was entirely different. This was personal, and that was the one things Holmes could never handle like he could his cases. Finally, Watson felt pressure on his shoulder, it was Holmes’s hand. A faint smile reached his lips, it was almost missed, but Watson caught it.
“Alright my tiny Watson, off we go.”
"I would have thought that you were attending, since it is our wedding."
“…Do you trust her?” Sherlock asked quietly.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened and we walked over to the table to take his seat. John and Harry were laughing at his embarrassment. He could see John point his thumb towards the table and say something else to his sister before turning to join his newly-wedded husband at their respective seats. Sherlock picked his glass of Champagne up and twirled it around between his fingers.
Things didn’t end on a good note either, because I got invalided home from the military with my wound. I ended being as lonely and hopeless as before, and nothing seemed important to me anymore.”
