"So there's absolutely no way at all they'd let Steve in without a collar?" asked Tony.
Piper was watching Tony with interest.  "Daddy, let me," she said suddenly. She smiled sweetly.  "You watch the auction; I can find it for Mr. Stark, I don't mind."
Then he moved on to clean out his nails. They were filled with dirt and even a little blood from when Steve had levelled the guards. Natasha was right, it felt good.
Steve turned and pressed a kiss to the top of Tony's head. "This isn't your fault. You know that, right?" he whispered.
Clint laughed. "Oh boy, what does that even mean? You're from Brooklyn, so what--"
"Everyone out," said Rhodey in a low voice.
And the way Tony growled and sucked at his neck-- that was goddamn near enough to make Steve wet. Jesus Christ. And him pinning Steve down- despite his size. He wasn't afraid of manhandling Steve despite the serum and that was attractive in itself.
"Come on, Tony, you're a big man, you've been through hell and back.  You can't just... wallow in pity like this because you found out about something you don't like."
Tony's eyes widened.  "Holy shit! I mean-- I mean, holy shit,
"...good-night, Pietro."
, right?  ...I heard Gideon Malick talking to Frond about you.  That guy's obsessed. I guess he took it as a personal insult that you turned out to be an omega.  His claim to fame was owning--" Rex made air quotes with his fingers "-
"Oh, shut up, you love touristy stuff.  I saw those photos of you and Clint and Nat hanging out in Washington," said Tony.  He was thinking back to when he and Steve had first bonded, to the pictures on his fridge.  There had been the one of Steve giving a cheeky thumbs-up next to his own gravesite, and Natasha and Clint giving each other bunny ears in front of the Washington Monument, and--
Tony let Steve take him upstairs; once in the bedroom, he shoved Steve into the bed, shoved blankets over him, and then lay down on top of him.
The next morning, Steve rose early, as always. He'd been given clear instructions on what to wear, and how to be groomed.  His hair was neat but not slicked back. He'd already showered, so he was set, really. Steve leaned back a seat in the living room, surrounded by orchids, and closed his eyes for a brief moment.  This was the calm before the storm.  Rationally, Steve knew he should probably be nervous but he was feeling pretty okay about everything. He would just get up on a stage, say a big thank-you to all the acts, answer a few questions, sing a song, and then get down. It wasn't like he was having to apologize a second time over; that would be harrowing and (Aria agreed) milking it too much.
The grin slipped off Banksy's face.  "...what?"
"I don't really think so," Steve breathed, voice whimsical as he actually took a moment to think about it. He sank down onto the sofa again, watching Tony flit about the flowers as he folded his legs underneath himself. Steve leaned back and watched him moving around, frowning at the Tulips. Did they mean something else, maybe? Apparently Tony wasn't a fan of them but honestly Steve appreciated the variety. There was orchids
"Naw, he was at Philips before that," said Tony.  "We ate lunch together, then I came back from break and he was just... gone.  I mean, I heard he went to a camp or something, but I thought, like, y'know... some weird hippie commune or something."
Steve shivered and couldn't fight back anoise when he felt he wet drag of Bucky's tongue against his neck. "But...but this is what they want," he whispered. "If we do this, if we don't fight... then we can never go home."
"But Ms. Potts informed me to route official calls through," protested JARVIS.  "In light of recent events at the Expo--"
"You just never turn off the playboy thing, do you?" asked Natasha drily.
"What?" groaned Steve.
"Please. Don't do this." Steve wheezed. "My fight is with HYDRA. Not with you. If you do this, you'll regret this. This will be it. SHIELD will come after you and maybe kill you and I won't be able to protect--"  Steve clutched at his head. "What are you doing to me?"
"I'm gonna hold you to that, Tony!" called Elon, pointing; Tony pointed back cheekily and then offered Steve an arm.
A middle-aged woman, an Alpha, cleared her throat.  "Well, as you know, Trent got pregnant when he was forced-bonded three years ago, and both of us took maternity leave.  We needed to take care of the baby and also, you know, it was a hard thing to deal with. Now we're pregnant again--"
Steve leaned forward, pressing his fingers into his thighs. What did it matter anymore what Péter knew? Péter knew more than Steve had ever wanted him to. No matter how hard he had tried.
“What an interesting monk you must have made.”
The children hadn't seemed bothered by the reminder of it, thank God for that, but the way Stefen was staring at him now had Tony wanting to reach back. Some latent instinct for self preservation must have stopped him because he just stood there, breath caught in his chest as he waited for Stefen to speak.
As if pulled by the thought, Steve’s gaze landed on Tony - an unusually quiet presence standing in the middle of the hubbub, who was holding a silent teary-eyed Maria to his side and gently stroking her shoulder as they waited for the group to make its way indoors.
"N-no?" Péter blushed a vibrant red and she laughed again. Though she winked at him Péter couldn't help but notice she let her arms fall from around him and backed away, already regretting the loss of her soft feel against his body and the sweet smell of her perfume.
Why couldn’t Rogers be in one of his silent moods.
Pepper appeared at that moment with Julia in tow. The housekeeper had a small block of chipped ice wrapped in a clean rag and both women hurried over to press the bundle against the girl’s injury and fuss at her rumpled skirts. It wasn’t long before Pepper suggested that Julia help the girl up to her room, insisting that she needed rest after her ordeal. Natacha didn’t protest, rather she looked to her father and the two seemed to share some sort of silent exchange. Stefen silently placed a hand upon her cheek in a surprisingly tender gesture and a moment later Natacha was sliding off the lounge chair without so much as a word. Tony watched as she limped toward the door, leaning on Julia for assistance and didn’t speak until the pair had disappeared completely from view.
“Unfortunately, this is not the half of it. Carlo says a man came by the office. He was asking about you cousin.” Beside him Tony tensed, and Steve’s head snapped up.
The station in Geneva was twice as crowded as the first time Péter had come through. Not only was it full of students making their way home for fall break, he couldn’t help but notice the number of refugees clogging up the receiving lines and ticket stations. His wandering eye caught those of a little girl clasping tightly to her mother’s hand. The girl and her mother were both dressed in too many layers for the weather. There was plenty of cold this time of year coming down from the mountains, but it seemed to him as if the little girl and her exhausted looking parents had tried to wear on their backs whatever hadn’t fit in the cases they carried.
“It’s the most efficient way, Herr Stark. The grounds are very extensive and I will not have everyone shouting for one another. Learn to use it.” He held out the whistle to Tony and when he didn’t immediately reach to take it Rogers nodded to his mini gestapo. “The children will help you".
“Father wants us to be a proper, sensible, family. That means no nonsense James. Good families like ours don’t carry on like common gypsies.” She held her head up and if Tony hadn't been looking straight at her he might have believed her. He was looking at her however and could not miss the look she sent James way.
The nagging feeling of
Pepper crossed the room to get the corkscrew.  "Share a glass with me. ...how have they been?" she asked.  Steve looked okay. Tony looked appropriately shaken, considering Ty's appearance.  Sometimes Pepper forgot Tony lived in a bubble. She'd recognized Tiberius Stone immediately, but of course, Tony didn't pay much attention to anything like omega social issues; why would he?
Brock still had his hands in his hair. Steve didn't want to admit it was calming. Goddammit. He was glad he didn't work for these people anymore.
care about your views, even though you're an omega--"
Steve purred in delight as Tony washed and rinsed through his hair, his fingers scratching over Steve's scalp delightfully. He let his eyes slip shut. "Mph. I'm not apologising. He needs me. If I say you're on the team, you're on the team. I can basically do what I want."
"I wish I could say this was the first time I got chased out of a five-star hotel in my underwear, but it's not," said Tony as he hurried out into the lobby.  Someone grabbed at him on the way out and Tony twisted away from it. His adrenaline was up and so were his hackles.
Tony staggered into the kitchen, suddenly aware he'd had the whole conversation with Gleason barefoot, in his underwear.
"How long's the flight gonna take, Charlie?" he demanded.
"Huh?"
Steve smiled a little, his expression softening. "I like the sound of doing 'mushy stuff'," he said softly and trailed his fingertips down the curve of Tony's stubbled jawline absent-mindedly.  He couldn't imagine doing anything for or with SHIELD right now; the test seemed very far away to him.  He couldn't imagine being anywhere but here, with Tony. Their connection was magnetic. A constant pull. "What constitutes as mushy stuff exactly...?"
"Hi, Dan," said Tony.
"So what?" Steve said, voice quiet. "You want me to sit around and wait with you until Pepper's available and then just move away into the background like the good omega I am?"
Rhodes choked on his beer and sputtered, getting ale all over the place.  "I came to make sure you were okay," he coughed.  "How's all of it been going then? The honeymoon stuff...is that...okay?" Rhodes asked, sounding a little awkward now Tony was half licking at Steve's neck. Steve would never have the heart to push Tony away, though.
"How selfless of you."
He polished off his drink and grabbed a stagehand (he made sure it was a beta and actually a stagehand this time) to get him another before dialing.
T'Challa's facial expression expressed zero appreciation. When he looked at Steve his face was impossible to read and yet Steve still felt...oddly judged. He'd certainly received a lot of odd looks during the meal itself (but Steve had been starving). He'd not been involved in the conversation much either. Steve got that this was very serious for Tony. But he just couldn't stop thinking about Donner and what was happening to him, how much pain he was going through...had gone through already. There was even a point when he must have been frowning because T'Chaka stopped mid-sentence to check he was alright.
Across town, Bucky was driving east, fiddling with irritation with the radio.  Traffic was lousy.  Really lousy.  At this rate, it would take him an hour to get to the Allegria.  He had a distinct sense of panic that was half-his and half-Steve's. Perhaps "panic" wasn't the right word.  Bucky didn't truly feel fear or panic. He felt a sense of excitement, the kind when he was imminently about to complete an objective.  He had to get to Steve, who, he could sense, was in distress, was worried and panicking and needed him, and Bucky had shoved aside his other objective (finding Karpov) to get to Steve, whose safety was crucial.  He felt a dull sense of anxiety that he might not complete his mission, that something terrible might happen to Steve, but he was incapable of feeling any sort of disabling dread; his emotions were numbed and did not get in the way of action.
"--the news?  Yes, everyone's talking about it.  Is Steve okay?"
"How are you doing, babe?"
Tony ignored Steve and pulled his legs up over his shoulders, settling between his legs.  He leaned forward to lap at Steve's shaft; Steve's length twitched in response.
? Steve swallowed.
Tony's thoughts came to a grinding halt.
The game wasn't over, but it was clear that Charlotte was going to win, even with Tony and Callum not helping very much.  (Both had sunk only a single ball so far.)
"I'm due in eight days," said Donner.
"I don't know, maybe he's confusing a dream with a vision.  But it sounds like HYDRA found a way to exploit their bond after all," said Sam, dialing.  "Hello, Hill? Need you at Stark manor, we got a big problem."
"They could've found out from a third party," said Natasha.
. All the Alphas you think are more dominant than you, I assure you nearly all of them couldn't push through what you did Tony. I've met dozens of POWs in my life time. I've never met anyone whose carried on living like you do. I don't love despite all these scars you have; I love you
Steve nodded with a shudder and moved. He unbuttoned his shirt with deft fingers and then moved to pull down his boxer shorts without any shame. Tony had seen everything and made it very clear that he liked it. The unwavering nature of Tony's tone only made it hotter.
.  I played it all the time, just to piss him off, especially the part about leaving the dying to the poor.  He was a war profiteer.  A patriot, though, too.  I don't know.  He believed in his cause... I just... I don't think he understand what his cause was.  He thought war was... romantic."  Tony lapsed into silence.  He had grown up with all the right rhetoric to justify the family business.  They were a
"Right," Steve said, finishing the last of his coffee. He just wished Tony would get dressed already and they could do. DeSoto was still freaking him out. He somehow managed to make Steve feel uncomfortable in his own skin. His and Tony's age difference wasn't weird, was it? Besides, it wasn't like he was still in his goddamn
Despite the dehumanizing conditions and the embarrassment, Steve felt
A shadow passed over Tony's face, then disappeared.  "Yeah, well, no one's perfect. Who the hell are you?  Are you one of their guinea pigs? You need rescued or what?"
He must've hit his head harder than he realized.
Steve glanced sideways over at Tony, his eyes narrowing a fraction. "Is that the first thing you've eaten today?"
another
Tony edged very slightly away when Frond began lighting up, but relaxed when he saw she had purposely put herself downwind and was blowing the smoke away from him.
," he said.
Pepper rolled her eyes, but with good humor.  The sarcastic Tony she knew and loved was back.
The Alphas ignored them.  They were staring into each other's eyes, barely blinking; the hair on the back of their necks were up and their upper lips were twitching.  The reporter was clutching her camera, looking blissful.
Natasha gave him a weird look.  "Tony, no one collars omegas anymore."
He left his collar on the bedside table and rubbed at his neck before toeing off his shoes and flopping down onto the bed. Steve hummed and closed his eyes, sun peeking through the curtains and warming his back as the light scattered across the sheets.
"If you haven't seen
Across the room, Tony was trying to wheedle a drink out of the bartender, who looked hesitantly to serve him, considering he was hanging on to the bar for dear life and was clearly drunk.
"Hello, Captain," he said with a smile.  He reached out and patted the asset's head.
The moment Steve said Bucky had bit him, Tony's whole body tightened.  The very air in the room changed.  He froze.  Steve was still talking, mouth moving, but Tony couldn't make sense of any of the words.
"I'm perfectly healthy," said Tony.  "I've got the physique of a twenty-eight year old."
"But we
DeSoto looked tickled to finally be of use.  "Yes, sir! Four different knots."
Steve thought about his birthday. He thought about the map on the wall covered in a mass of red pins. He thought George yelling into the phone and slamming his first down onto the desk and exhaled slowly. He had the means to find Donner; he didn't have to do this like this.
to be their honeymoon period and they were
Tony shook his head.  "It's not the same, Pepper.  He's my scent-mate.  We're compatible on a deep, instinctual, pheromonal level.  ...at least, I thought we were.  I don't know, right now."  And with that, he went back to pacing.
He sighed when he saw himself in the mirror, still looking a little pale.
"Give me your drink, they can't--"
"How can you just let your omega run rampant like that?  It's embarrassing," said Malick.
Tony glanced up at Steve's face; Steve was practically crying with pleasure, overly-sensitive.
It was too much. It was all too much. Oh God. His vision span a little, and then there was a hand on shoulder.  He whirled around and very nearly punched the person who had touched him.
The thought of Steve's old Alpha had cast a bit of a damper over the whole thing.  Steve didn't understand; Tony could sense the rejection he felt, that his mate had refused to take him.  But Tony, as an Alpha, understood, at least somewhat.  If he thought mating Steve would hurt him, he wouldn't do it in a million years.  And from what he gathered, Steve had been sick, far too sick to handle the rough mating or, worse, pregnancy; Tony would never admit it to himself, but he felt like he understood Bucky's position more than Steve's.
"...okay, then help me get these godforsaken pants off!" demanded Tony, with renewed squirming.
"...ho-ly shit," muttered Tony.  "Maybe we
And then he walked out of the door with Nate in his arms.
Steve carefully lifted the bunny out like it was a baby, like he was scared he might break it if he held it too tight. He stared down at the teddy in his hands and swallowed thickly. "Tony..." he drifted off, his eyes a little glazed over. Whilst its meaning went over everyone else's heads, Steve clearly understood it. He reached over to brush his fingers against Tony's hand and then leaned over to kiss his temple. "Thank you," he whispered, voice soft and reverent.
"Which base?"
Donner's eyes watered.  "It's m-my fault m-my cousin's in trouble.  I shouldn't've left Giddy."
"Brazinski?" Steve echoed, running  a hand over his face. "Which one's that again?"
"That's not fair!  You lied!" protested Cooper.
"I'm okay," he repeated, to himself, trying desperately to focus on his breathing.
"Come on, get up so we can clean the syrup off Steve--"
The man held up a hand and pointed to a wedding band.
. Ugh."
"Boys!" barked Pepper.  "Stop it.  Both of you.  Tony.  It's your Expo, do whatever you like, but stay away from Hammer.  He's only there to rile you up.  You know that.  You should be spending the week with Steve, not stroking your ego and picking fights."
He stuck his head in to hear something being welded to something else. "Tony?" Steve stepped into the workshop tentatively, not wanting to interrupt something serious. "We have to leave in an hour; you wanna come up and get dressed soon?"
Steve was wiggling into his touch, begging softly; Tony let him come down slowly, still holding his shift, his fingers still inside him, grazing his prostate.  It occurred to him that, at least in this moment, they'd cross some sort of weird barrier.  Steve was calling him "Alpha" and Tony was telling him he was a good boy, and it all would have been insulting and out-dated in anywhere but the bedroom.  If anyone else were to see or hear this, it would be political suicide for Steve, but it was just the two of them and it felt romantic and deeply personal.  Again, that dreaded "i" word: intimate.
"I don't know if I can get them in the car like that," Happy said as he stood in the doorway, having been beckoned with a text from Pepper. "Without seatbelts on it's not safe."
"...you and your mate have the same name?"
"You paid Barnes a little visit?"
"You could help us get out of here," Steve said as if he was stating a fact.
’, but the people resisted Nazi extremism. In the Italian fashion, with a wink and a smile as they carried on with life. The Italian spirit was more on display now than it had ever been, or perhaps would be again.
“I'm always quiet. I'm a monk my dear that's how we go about it, quietly,” came a not so quiet response.
For a moment following his speech there was just silence and then finally one of them proved brave.
She blinked up at him, clearly uncomprehending.
“Take your time,” Stefen murmured encouragingly.
As the cars made the short trek from the inn to the prison Dvorak contemplated his options. A living man might have fretted over Schmidt’s ominous words. But Dvorak was dead and unconcerned with how it happened, only that before it did, he struck one final blow against the regime. A fatal blow, though they may not recognize it as such now.
Bucky tensed. He didn't have to read the issue to know what Steve was talking about.
They’d made Hammer the caretaker of the estate. The rest of the staff had walked out in the morning, learning of Stefen’s arrest and his fortune now in the hands of the state. Even though Hammer had promised them they’d all continue to receive pay, they’d walked out and not returned except Virginia and Harold. The butler had been so enraged by the embarrassment of having the entirety of his staff quit at once that he’d tried to sack them both the minute they arrived; but Pepper had just dared him to try and take the keys from her.
He had hoped to get a chance to speak to Stefen the night they arrived, but Tony had not been able to find a moment when either one of the children or the baroness was not at his side and then she and the captain had left for the night to attend some dinner.
“A man for instance, can have any number of flirtations. Even if he marries. As long as he provides well, a wife is expected to quietly forgive. She sees to his house and his name, with no thought for herself. I’ve always thought that deeply unfair.” Charlotte giggled under her breath as if they had shared a naughty joke. Real fear had begun to tickle at the back of Tony’s mind. Why would she have any reason to talk about the captain and affairs in the same breath, unless she thought he was entertaining other women? Maybe it was as simple as that, Tony thought heart pounding. Or maybe it was more. Charlotte’s smile seemed full of teeth to him now.
There was little to report any how, except the niggling contradictions the Captain presented and not just him. Frau Hogan knew more than she was sharing, and then there were the children’s ‘frail constitutions’. Tony snorted. He’d never seen a healthier lot and yet every time he broached the subject of getting the children out of the house and out into the world he was met with a list of their ailments and the strict routines they must follow to remain healthy. Péter had the worst of it if the family doctor was to believed. Tony didn’t know much about heart conditions but given how Péter slunk about climbing in and out of windows to see that friend of his looking the picture of health while he was at it, Tony saw no reason the boy’s heart should burst over a trip to public school.
That afternoon he’d decided to take Pepper’s strong hints about indulging in a hot bath and had been headed to the kitchen to put the kettle on when he’d passed the sitting room and stopped in surprise when he found it occupied.
Because something had changed with Stefen. Tony couldn’t say why it was, but the Stefen who had come through the door that afternoon was different from the man who had left them, who was even more different still from the cold man Tony had met that first day in the music room.
coming back and when he does I’m going to tell him how you said we were stupid and how you tried to make us wear curtains!”
“The children already got their gifts. This one is for you Bambino.” Nonna said, drawing Tony’s gaze back down from the upstairs. She handed him an oddly shaped parcel wrapped in paper. He felt heat sting his cheeks and something uncomfortable twist in his chest.
“I’m trying to protect our country,” Steve bit out through his clenched teeth and Bucky sneered into his cup.
"Don't leave me out now. What do those words mean?" Tony's voice asked from the door, startling Steve.
A painful little huff of laughter escaped him and a little of his heart ache began to ease. If there was ever a child he would try and turn the tides for it was her.
He thought back to the moment he’d first seen Stark. Something in him had snapped tight at the sight of the monk at Peggy’s piano. He hadn't had the energy to do much but order him out, though he’d spoken with more force than he’d intended, judging by that flicker of fear he’d seen on Stark's face before the strange monk had covered it with senseless prattle and a confident smile.
“That was a nice try, but I used that trick on Sara the other day.” Tony replied, laughing tiredly when Ian just nodded seriously and replied that he knew. He’d been watching.
But James took the decision out of his hands.
“I’m no spy. Not for them.” Bucky snapped. He was a lot of things, but he’d never be that. Nodding jerkily toward the glaring man at the bar he asked, “What about him. You trust him?”
But that was over now. Where the other governesses would never have dreamed to challenge his chosen curriculum and had seemed only too happy to declare Stefen's children stubborn little monsters unlikely to amount to much of anything, Tony had his five-year-old reading in French and his fourteen-year-old building a transmitter radio.
Tony watched in the rearview as Clint hoisted himself up over the side and into the back, mouth spreading into a mischievous smirk when he caught Tony’s eye through the back window.
say that.”
Herr Coulson had asked to meet with him in two days’ time, hinting that the intelligence office would like to discuss a potential assignment with him. The question was of course whether or not Stefen believed them. This could of course be some sort of trap. Likely was. There were at least a dozen very good reasons for the Abwehr to take an interest in Stefen’s activities and every last one of them would see him and Bucky both meeting a firing squad. The conundrum was, that if the Abwehr had evidence already he and Bucky would have already been arrested, but if this was an attempt to collect evidence Stefen couldn’t turn the meeting down without drawing further suspicion.
"Cause his father is Rom. Isn’t he
“Natacha!” the boys clamored from behind them, demanding to know where she’d been, and why she’d left, their voices all pounding at his head like hammers.
He yanked the case toward himself and fumbled for the secret knob, popping open the secret compartment as quickly as he could. He reached inside for one of the twin silver grenades. He hadn't wanted to use these, as they were designed with significantly less delay time than the bomb and therefor carried a much higher chance of blowing them all sky high if his engineering was even the slightest bit off - but since he was pretty sure that their driver had just been shot and they were about to crash in a fiery wreck (if they didn’t get shot through like swiss cheese before they crashed) well, here goes nothing.
Frau Hogan put a gentile hand on the girl’s head and bent down to speak to her lowly. Now that she was closer and still he could see better that she was very young, not more than five or six years of age. She must be a serving girl, he thought observing her very dark hair. Though he didn’t think they were employed that young, so perhaps she was Frau Hogan’s own child. The father certainly wasn’t German with hair that dark. Perhaps a Sicilian or a Czech tradesmen?
He’d been startled to hear that Oster was spearheading the coup. Their mission however perilous was not without fire power. He had the General and Major Groscurth to thank for his shared position with Rogers. They’d had a hand in putting together their command so that now they were all in one place nearly ready to strike when the timing was right.
“So what have I missed?” Tony whispered under his breath and Julia smiled, the tension in her shoulders relaxing as she whispered back, “Countess Schrader is trying to get her daughter to call off her engagement to Major Rogers.”
Péter said all this as if he were delivering a report. Short, clipped and removed. Steve couldn't bring himself to be to irritate with his standoffishness. The boy had learned it from him after all.
It was a surprisingly short moment before he heard the soft scratching of the latch lifting and the shutters creaked open above his head. Péter stuck his head out, furtive as a bird peeping out of its nest. A look of relief washing over his pale face when he spotted Tony clinging to the side of the cabin. He mouthed for Tony to hang on and disappeared back inside, only to reappear a moment later with a length of knotted rope.
“I suppose it does Captain.”
“That was very sweet, Tony.” She said, beginning to sound more like herself. “You should promote yourself to a palatable substitute.”
Oh god. Tony barely had time to brace himself before Bucky tossed the boy from the back of the train. He
“Buck.” His voice sounded like gravel.
Charlotte blinked away the threat of tears.
Maria's face crumpled as tears began to slide down her cheeks anew and Tony sighed. He caught Stefen looking at them, and the captain quickly jerked his eyes away. Tightening his lips Tony strode toward him.
“I haven’t? Well that won’t do. You see your father has got everything planned: the time, the place, the decorations, the fireworks, but we’re light on the entertainment and Sam was just telling the captain how long it has been since he saw a good puppet show. So I said we simply must put one on for him.”
Ian’s eyes flicked over him in quick darts, looking for signs that he’d been hurt (because sometimes he came home hurt, even though he tried to hide it) and noticed that in the hand that was resting on James back, his father was clutching a gray envelop with a red seal on it.
"I'm sorry Charlotte.” His hand fell on her shoulder, a heavy burning weight. “I've wronged you."
Bucky hummed thoughtfully and then replied, to the raucous approval of the others, “I imagine it’s got a lot do with the way I handle my weapon.”
“Yes, well Vonkov decided the best way to teach me a lesson was to force soap down my throat and then to beat me bloody. Surprisingly my parents agreed with the family butler that he’d gone too far in his discipline.”
The man looked a little over fifty. Irshad didn't appear to recognize him. He looked familiar to Steve.
"Where are we going for lunch?" Steve asked as they headed down to the garage. He only knew which car they were taking because Tony walked towards it. He followed at his heels, not sure if he'd be driving. He was sure he could manage a car- maybe he wouldn't take it to full speed though.
He was just tugging on his hoodie when his phone rang again. Steve grabbed it, sinking down onto the mattress and tucked his legs underneath himself as he answered. He pressed the phone to his ear after frowning at an unknown number.
"...much better," said Pepper when the two of them descended.  Tony had gone with a full suit.  Pepper walked over to tie his tie for him automatically.
him believe me."
"Nothing.  Here's your coffee."
-- Captain Rogers, did you say you were pregnant?  You had a miscarriage? Was that this century or last?  Was it your first Alpha's?  Was it Tony's? How far along were you?"  The room was quickly falling into disorder. The cameraman gave Steve a "wrap it up" signal.  Offstage, Aria was texting with her phone in one hand and Pepper's in the other, while Pepper was having a breathless phone call with the Associated Press, trying to clarify some of Steve's statements.
Pepper put a hand over her face.  "Oh, Lord, Tony.  That's not-- that's not how that works."
"How dare you say that to him! He used to be tiny! He used to be like five feet tall and he had
"We can order pizza," offered Danielle.
Steve looked up at him with those gorgeous blue eyes and asked to leave, and Bucky's heart fell.  He had no clue how to accommodate that request. He looked around the room desperately. There had to be a solution.  He wanted to give his omega everything. He had to.
He stooped down and grabbed one of the guard's guns, checking the magazine before tucking it into his waistband and looting the other two.  He waited for orders.
"Four and a half years," hissed Tiberius.  "
"You sexist, close-minded, shit-eating misogynist!" snarled Pepper.  "Donner wants to have his baby and he's not going to let some selfish pig like you take it away from him!  Donner's a good mom and more of a man than you'll get be. Now get the hell off the property-- it's private and we
"They're asking him about being force-bonded," said Bucky, gesturing  "But I already fixed it! Why is Stark there?"
"Sometimes love's not enough," said Tony darkly.
Tony shook his head, amused, then added, "In between this and giving up weapons contracting, I might not end up in hell with Dad after all."
At least no one knew.  No one but he and Steve and a handful of SHIELD agents.  But otherwise, the shamefulness of sharing his omega with another, more dominant Alpha was a secret.
Steve frowned and stepped out into the darkness. He took another step, listening intently. The blue, ghoulish light didn't stretch far enough to sit. The floor beneath them felt cool - almost like Steve were walking on water. He turned his head, focused on the sounds around him. He could hear 'Steve's' breathing, and his own, but that was it.
Fury was quiet for a short while. "That's classified Captain. Maybe you could explain to Stark what that
Steve.  He's
"Steve!"
Steve woke up with a start. He was sitting in the living room in Happy's gym gear, his back against the glass window behind him. The tulips were on the table on their side. He got up quickly, his hands shaking. "JARVIS? JARVIS, who's on the property?" he asked, words heavy in his mouth. He needed some water.
One of the scientists snorted and held her hand up to her face, trying not to laugh.
my department, and I'd been telling him for years to switch to decaf."
He made no move to shift his position; if anything, his grip on Steve's thighs tightened a little, and he kept lapping Steve's entrance with his tongue, in long, sensuous brushstrokes.  Steve's muscles were tight under his hands and Steve's hole kept flexing, desperate to be filled, glistening invitingly.
to serve and nurture their Alphas, just as their Alphas wanted to support, direct, and protect them.  That was instinct. Frond's books were written in a clinical fashion, and without knowing the sort of things she supported, such as forced submission, they were actually very convincing.
Everyone clapped politely, except Steve, who as white as a sheet.
"Yeah... yeah, I'll talk to him."
"...we'll go see Fury tomorrow.  He's in Los Angeles, right?  We'll see him tomorrow, we'll see a doctor, we'll figure this out.  ...no more secret meetings without me, okay?  I don't want... why would HYDRA even want to try to kidnap you, that doesn't make any sense, you'd never work for them.  I don't want you to leave the house anymore without your shield.  Does SHIELD know?"
"So post guards or something... show up in
He and Pepper rushed down to the racetrack, but by the time they got to the sidelines it was too late. The cars were lining up and Tony was in one of them and a countdown was starting. Steve heard Pepper swearing next to him and she gripped his arm tightly, her nails digging into the flesh of his forearm. It hurt but Steve didn't complain. "He's going to be okay, Pepper," Steve said, more to comfort her than anything else.
"Captain America's an Alpha," interjected the 'Alpha' who was with Sera.  They were holding hands.
And then the crowd laughed and the awkwardness was gone as quickly as it came. It was Christmas. No one wanted to talk about serious oppression in the forties. They wanted cutesy Steve Rogers laughing over his failures with modern day technology...and well, that was what they were going to get.
Another memory.  Steve, carrying him to bed.  A new pang bloomed in his stomach.  A small, pathetic cry caught in Tony's throat.  He froze.  Had the line been open?  Had Steve heard that?  Was this normal, to hurt so much?  Tony didn't know enough about Alpha-omega relationships to know.  He'd never wanted to learn anything about pair-bonding, pretending that such old instincts were outdated and stupid and that he was above them, intellectually. That his logic trumped the deep, ancient desires of his genetics.
He and Steve had very different definitions of what constituted nerve-calming music; Tony put on some Pantera and turned up the volume so that the only sound was the scream of electric guitars.  Between his music tastes and his love of building things that exploded, it was a wonder that he wasn't completely deaf.
...what had Gideon said about Steve to Donner? That was the question Steve was itching to ask, because it was clearly something terrible.
Tony was well-aware that a lot of his views were old-fashioned.  His father had been in a traditional trio, for example, with a proper wife and a subservient omega, and Tony was used to omegas being butlers and maids and things of that nature.  But Steve was slowly turning all that on its head and Tony wanted to help because wasn't that his thing, shaking things up, saving the world, making it better?
She tapped a photo smartly; Tony, aged 2, was sitting on his mother's knee with a large, brown stuffed rabbit with floppy ears.  One of the ears was in Tony's mouth.
"Phone call for Mr. Stark?"
Steve hesitated.  Tony looked… off.  His usual swagger was deflated.  Had the plane ride really taken that much out of him?
, Steve thought. He had spent the first half of his life too poor for hospitals and the second half too healthy.
"If I'm an omega I'm going to probably go into the army and be a general.  There's never been an omega general so I could be the first one."
"I don't know about in comparison to other years but...okay," Steve breathed. "Will it get better, after today?" he asked hesitantly and Happy just shrugged.
"Jesus Steve. Fine. Just... hand him the phone."
The intake nurse looked up and blinked.  She reached for the phone.  "Dr. Wolfe, I need you to the front, now.  Iron Man is here.  He's bleeding all over my counter."
Steve woke with his hands fastened behind his back with some sort of tight plastic string. His clothes were gone.  The air around him was cold.  He could smell the coppery tang of copper.  Was he in a
"Yeah, you're right. It would of. But it didn't happen. So count yourself lucky. If you want me to make you feel better about this, then that's not going to happen," Steve said flatly. Brock actually chuckled. The noise wasn't unpleasant.
"I also told them we would kind of pay them back if we did?"  He winced. "There's a hundred grand buy-in.  It's a joke that they they're these because they want to be. Their parents obviously paid, tryin' to get rid of their omega kids, hoping to sell 'em off to someone with a lot of money.  And if they refuse they have to lose their family all that money... and some of them are scared of going bankrupt.  But," Steve sighed, "if the auction does go ahead, and I'm worried it might--"  It was clear he would be very disappointed if it did. "--we should buy Seven. He was nearly crying.  Well, obviously, we should buy all of 'em, but Seven especial--"
"I have no idea what PEGASUS is," Steve sighed as he settled down against Tony's chest, focusing on the feeling of his fingertips moving over his skin. "I think...whatever it is, is important. If both Phil and Clint keep heading over there then, yeah, it's big. But if it was an actual threat I think I would know about it already..." Or at least, Steve sincerely hoped he would have been told.
The papers all over the floor fluttered again as he left and the scientists all sighed.
"Why are you nervous?" Steve asked, voice patient.
He stuck out a hand.  Tony stared at it blankly.  He was eating some of Steve's birthday cake on a plate on his lap.
"...this one?" said Rhodey in confusion, reaching out and picking up a heavy ceramic vase from a small table.
Tony immediately noticed that he was, as as Alpha, in the minority.  He was used to being in rooms with millionaires, billionaires, businessmen, military folks... and he'd always found himself among Alphas and betas.  Omegas in Tony's world had, up until very recently, been a minority, and they had usually been around in a serving capacity. Being one of very few Alphas in the room was a weird experience.  Also, all of them were looking at Steve before Tony. A bubble of jealousy rose in Tony's gut. He was used to being the center of attention but everyone was shaking Steve's hand and greeting him first.
Tony's nose wrinkled and the corners of his mouth twitched as he tried to repress a smile.  "Here, let me do that," he offered, reaching over to massage Steve's scalp. He examined Steve closely, not with lust so much as concern.  The nature of Steve's metabolism meant that he never remained ill or injured for long. Yemen had been so recent, yet both that and the two months preceding it had already been erased.  Steve didn't look thin or pale or a bit sick, and any and all injuries and scars had been erased. Except for the one.
"...ouch," said Clint jokingly.  He looked over at Steve, expression more serious.  "I wanted to show you what I'm protecting. And... since everyone is shitting all over you for having multiple bonds... I wanted to show you that it's okay, I guess.  That--"
," teased Banksy.
Steve whimpered as Tony bottomed out inside of him, his body really not ready for a knot. But he didn't care. He fucking wanted it and his body did too and it felt so
"You have a son," Steve whispered, half to himself. He was feeling a strange urge to cry.
Oh, God, it was as good as he remembered.  He lapped Steve's skin with soft, gentle flicks of his tongue before biting him again, a playful nip, nothing painful.
"There's no wrong answer, just pick one.  Come on, which do you like?"
"Don't you think if I coulda found Bucky, alive, I would've by now?" asked Steve furiously.
"Steve, what do you think you were doing?" hissed Aria.  "That guy's from
easily orchestrate that.  Would you like to test me,
By the time they left the spa, Tony was feeling sleepy with relaxation, not to mention tipsy (he'd had five martinis) and more than a little hungry.
"Tony," called Pepper, banging on the door.  It was one in the afternoon.
"Naw, I'm going to keep you my dirty little secret," said Tony, flopping into his desk chair and drumming the desk with a couple of screwdrivers.  "Do me a favor and start pulling all the data you can on Margaret Turner and Gene Bennett, will you?"
Richard pulled a sympathetic face.  "I'm very sorry to hear that."
Tony cleared his throat.  "Let's sleep, Steve," he said quietly, stroking Steve's neck, nosing his hair.  "We'll deal with SHIELD in the morning, then we'll go home, and... I dunno.  Maybe we can get through the week without any more bullshit.  ...Seriously, I swear, I don't normally get attacked more than once a month. This has been a busy week for me..."  He tried to sound light-hearted, but he couldn't help but worry that he was putting Steve in danger.  What could he do, though?  Steve was a soldier; he would always be in danger, as long as he was fighting, as long as he was with SHIELD.  It wasn't Tony's fault Vanko had come out of nowhere.
"Sounds like quite a feat. Must be exhausting," Danielle hummed. She pulled out a business card oh-so-casually and slipped it into Pepper's breast pocket. She winked. "Let me know if you want to grab a drink some time."
"How 'bout you, Stark?"
When Tony called him
"It isn't," Steve assured her. "This is about me. Not Tony."
that a screwy pseudo-Nazi cult has fed into your brain for years.  I would have given you
She'd walked up to the door in this time, slim fingers curling around the edge. Annnnd yep, she was still naked. Brilliant. Steve didn't know where to look.  He settled for the ceiling.
Mid-laugh Steve spotted Tony in the crowd. He waved at him.
Tony groaned and dragged his hand down his face.  Happy had been insisting for years that Carson Daly was an omega taking massive amounts of suppressants and hormones to pass as a beta (he'd read it in
"There was a morning when I lost a few hours and I thought I saw Buck in the garden. Tony found me downstairs by the window but I never thought it was real," Steve said quietly.  "I... I don't know, maybe that was a flashback, though.  I'm sorry."
"Donner's rather attractive, isn't he?" said Malick.  Aw, fuck. So he'd noticed the resemblance to Steve as well.
"They're always furious," Steve mumbled, laughing easily as their legs tangled together. He was distantly aware of Tony's erection pressed against his thigh but his attention was snapped away by the drag of Tony's teeth against his skin. He shivered, feeling much more awake than he had before. "Tony..."
The drive to the Expo itself was very short; Steve pressed himself against the window, excited to be close to Brooklyn, but they only got to see highway before they were taking an exit pointing to Flushing Meadows.
"Fragile.  Sensitive. Dependent.  Stupid--"
Steve passed a guard on his way, pulling up his night goggles so he could see him. He had a gun; the safety was off. Steve decided to just sneak past him; if he knocked him out now then people would notice before he and Natasha could get inside. He could tell he was a beta so Steve didn't have to worry about him sensing him.
"Banksy said he's helping out with that," said Angela casually.  Marcus nearly dropped a slice of pizza to the floor.
"I'll have to approve it before you can air it," warned Aria.  Maria was nodding along with her. Clearly, both were feeling protective of Steve, and no wonder.  He was currently sipping syrup straight from the bottle, looking wide-eyed and wild.
Tony was up in an instant, flinging himself out of the way as one of the cables came down where he'd been been lying.  In an instant, the whole car was up in flames, a fireball erupting behind Tony.
Surely it wasn't that hard to just... disappear?  Bucky did it all the time. Nearly every mission he'd ever been on had required discretion and he had never had an issue that he could remember.  You looked around, found the camera, and crushed it, easy-peasy.
"My apologies."
Banksy snorted and burst into a quiet, tipsy fit of giggles. Perhaps it was a funny thought, but Steve
The omega in his arms looked nervous and didn't weigh enough. "You're gonna be fine," Steve told him softly. Trickshot punched him lightly in the arm in response.
"I don't," said Tony quickly.  "It's just that--"  He looked uncharacteristically embarrassed.  "--uh, Pepper likes flowers and last year, I dunno, I might have... gotten her, y'know, gotten her some flowers from there.  And I remember they have green orchids because, seriously, man, when was the last time you saw a green orchid?"
"He could be an acer," suggested Steve.
"Oh no you don't!" Melinda marched up to him but before she could touch Steve he had her wrist in his hand and he held it back. He made sure not to hurt her, 'disarming' her in the way he'd been trained to deal with distressed citizens. The sort who tried to run back into fires to save relatives who'd already long gone, stuff like that.
"What the hell took you guys so long?  Steve!  I need to talk to you!"
"But also Bucky Barnes," Fury countered in quickly. "A fact which cannot be ignored."
There was a pause on the other line.
"It doesn't matter what it looks like. It's none of his business," Steve said simply,  not taking his eyes of off Fury. To his credit, the director's face remained neutral when an almost naked Tony appeared. He didn't even look surprised.
.  Hot like greased lightning.  No wait.  ...fast like greased lightning.  How's the song go?  Oh, wait!
"Don't flatter yourself, Rhodey, you're not my type," said Tony, giving his arm a friendly punch; Rhodes punched him back with a small smile.
The air smelled wrong.
Happy frowned deeply. "I've heard about them. They sound awful."
It was Steve's turn to frown. "What? If she's had a fight with Tony I get ignored too? That doesn't sound like her."
Tony ignored her, leading them toward the front of the Expo; firetrucks, ambulances, and police cars had all arrived, even a SWAT vehicle, and the merry fair-goers had dispersed to a safe distance, clearly terrified of the drones.
Steve had taken time to relax whilst he could. He'd been pretty tense, even after cuddling with Tony in bed and watching him drift off to sleep. He had a bath (and the bathroom suite was gorgeous), filling the water with a strawberry-scented liquid that made the air around him almost taste sweet. It felt good to lie back and think of nothing. If Steve's neck neck twinged a little in an unsettling memory then he consciously ignored it. Steve definitely didn't want to think of the likes of Frond right now.
Steve opened his eyes and turned to find Ian looking at him. The concerned frowns the other children wore told him that Ian had probably been calling his name for some time.
“Sitting in my sitting room.” Stefen replied, ignoring the dangerous way that Bucky was looking at him. “Where were you last night?”
"Fuck me. Is that London?!"
“It had nothing to do with you. Any of you. That’s first things first.” He scolded gently, willing the boy to look at him and then holding his stare when he did. “Sometimes we get so caught up in our own issues we forget how we are effecting others. It doesn’t mean we care for them less, it just means we were careless where we shouldn’t have been.”
A horrible choice for any parent to make, and yet perhaps the very thing that ensured their survival. And so, it was with great risk that in March of 1940 Captain Rogers and Antony Stark began the dangerous undertaking of moving the family from Pula, to France, without alerting the Italian authorities.
The door rattled again followed swiftly by the sound of it opening and the captain released him. Tony was thankful for the journal in his lap by the time that Bakhuizen appeared out of the entrance hall in last night’s clothing, the picture of a man who’d spent the night getting up to no good and not any better for it.
“Who?” Tony demanded to know, a sinking sensation in his stomach. Who would dare and how had they known? He nodded aggressively toward Hammer and spat. “This lying sack of shit? Don’t trust him.”
“Stefen, my god, stop moving.” Tony was back and wiping at his face with a damp cloth. Or maybe the cloth was dry and it was Steve’s face that had been wet. He could feel his eyes burning, maybe -
"Péter and I built it." Tony answered almost hesitantly and Bucky scoffed.
“I’m afraid that’s not possible.” The warden replied smoothly.
He went to his room, but he didn't even bother trying to sleep.
“I don’t. What’s a Kolo?” James whined, tugging on Bucky’s shirt.
“Stefen...” Tony began, but when Steve looked back at him, he did not need words to express his rage, and Tony fell quiet. For now. It was always for now with Tony.
"Are they now?" Da said knowingly, a little smile playing on his lips.
“It’s very ambitious.” Tony commented carefully and beside him Obadiah chuckled darkly.
Steve relayed the question and the man looked torn. He looked between Benjamino and Steve for a long moment before he answered, his voice lowered almost with shame. “I can’t say. She was so young. I hate to think… but people must eat! I wouldn’t say anything, but I have a boy who hasn’t eaten in three days.”
And there, Tony saw Stefen’s eyes widen in realization before he nodded, humming to himself in consideration.
“We don’t have time for this.” Pepper said into the strained silence that followed, a scold to her tone. She was wrapping Wanda’s wet hair in a dry towel, gently squeezing the dampness out of it.
“A party?” Coulson repeated. Tony nodded, already resigning himself to giving up the quiet Christmas he’d so longed for. But if it kept Stefen out of the thick of it and saved the world from what they now knew for certain was coming, so be it.
"You did fine." Stefen spared her a momentary glance and a stiff smile.  His expression had darkened, a repressed sort of violence in the way he crumpled the paper in his hand. Whatever the message had been left, it was not good news.
“Daniel Bohmer!” Nik interjected with a snap and Tony tensed. “Kristoff Hochberg, Rachel Schnieder-”
“About the mandolin. I want to learn to play.”
“Glad you could join us Stevie,” Bakhuizen called from the neighboring boat, slapping the oars against the water playfully so that Artur and James giggled and shrieked as water rained down on them. Maria, less enthused by this game wiggled closer to her uncle and out of the line of fire.
“You just got back!” Chimed Ian, louder than he’d been all evening.
He felt a drop of liquid trailing down his cheek.  He looked up in confusion, but he could not determine where the water had come from.  He swiped away the water on his face.
Tony had bluffed.  His hand was not just bad; it was literally worthless.
In the meantime, he wanted to act casual.  Make sure the final day or two was perfect for Steve.
At least, thought Tony, Steve had all his omega friends to help him through the re-bonding situation.  Tony was at a loss as to who he should turn to for support. Pepper and Happy were betas, and Rhodey was unbonded.  Tony had no clue who could relate to what he was going through. Once again he was forced to acknowledge that he didn't have many close friends.
"If Alphas respected us they wouldn't attack us when we went into heat," Steve said quietly. "But you go into heat twice a year, right? You can't let two weeks of your year dictate how you're going to live the rest of it. No, heats aren't easy. They're messy and vulnerable and, yes, I would know; I've been in heat on a battlefield before."
When Tony held up the foie gras it looked... yellow. Steve frowned as he peered at it. "What
"I like rainbows," Steve offered weakly, sounding far too sad to really mean it.
"Agent Phil Coulson.  He, Steve, and another omega, they work closely together.  Clint is with his Alpha," explained Pepper. "He was scaling the fridge earlier.  It's been a bit of a mess here."
He'd never seen her wear that shirt again.
Kerry sighed in resignation.
Tony didn't ask the question that was circling around his mind.  Had Steve said no? Had Steve actually tried to stop him? Or had he just sort of... let it happen?  And if he let it happen, why? Was it because he cared about Bucky? Because he'd given up on Tony taking him back?  Because, being an omega, he was incapable of saying no to a dominant Alpha who was acting as a protector to him?  Was it because of his heat?  Now that he wasn't in heat, shouldn't he be able to say, firmly, that he didn't want Barnes back in his life?
If Donner went back to Gideon after this Steve wasn't sure he would cope. He was pretty sure he'd have to break something big, maybe a car or something...it would make him angry beyond words. It would break his heart. How much pain had Donner endured at the hands of all these Aces? Or had they used the glands behind Donner's ears so he wouldn't feel it? Steve wasn't sure which alternative disturbed him more. Shit. He actually was angry crying now. He thought this night would be happy...or at least offer a sense of relief. Right now Steve just felt like a big fat failure.
He could hear beeping.  It took him a while to realize that the beeping was perfectly psyched up to his heartbeat.
"I'm not bonded, I don't know anything about bonds," shot back Rhodes.  He looked down at Tony.  He'd been one of the first people to see Tony after he'd escaped capture in Afghanistan.  And Tony had been laughing then, laughing through chipped teeth and a dislocated shoulder, full of energy.  This was different.  "...hey, Tony.  You know that suit I took?  It shot a couple of people," said Rhodey.  A pause.  "Hell of an alarm system." He offered Tony a small smile.  Tony didn't even look at him.
"Come in here with me!" whined Tony.
I-- shit, I'm sorry, I-- I got-- caught up--"  Tony was panting, shaking, but it wasn't the same sort of fearful shivering he'd experienced earlier.  This was something else.  This was something wonderful.  "I'm sorry.  I'm sorry!" he repeated, holding up his hands.  He'd crossed a line, he knew that.  Seeing the structure of the new element... seeing Steve kneeling... it had all been too much and he'd lost control.  Steve's mouth had been warm and sweet and inviting and soft and Tony wanted to pounce on him and bite him and breed him, but consciously, he was aware that was over-emotional and that he couldn't do that.  Not to Captain America.  Not in this century.  Alphas didn't just get to get swept up in their emotions and take omegas anymore.  Steve had made it very, very clear that he didn't belong to Tony, and Tony felt embarrassment at his outburst.  Though not enough to stop being excited.  He'd done it.  He'd done it in, what... less than two hours?  Oh, the look on Fury's face would be priceless when they told him how quickly Tony had solved the riddle...
Steve was sitting there with his hands lightly crossed, looking upstandingly respectful; Tony was shredding up a napkin, looking bored.
Another girl, also blonde, also an unbonded omega, pulled a face. "Some old guy touched my butt tonight. It was gross.  Ugh.  Aces."
"Just try not to think about it right now Steve. There's nothing you can do right this minute," Aria assured him. But Steve didn't look convinced.
"No, no, omegas.  Do omegas get aggressive during heats?"
"Oh my God." Aria groaned as she scrolled down her own news feed. "Dude." She sent Tony a look. "Not cool."
"I... I got you something," Steve whispered. "I wanted to apologise. I... I should have called you, to let you know what was happening. But I didn't because I was annoyed and I shouldn't have been punishing you for that."
"Well, Bucky did force-bond you," Phil pointed out.
Steve finally looked at him after minutes of silence and tilted his head at him. "If they ask you to fuck me, will you?" he asked bluntly, expression blank.
"Okay, that's enough for now, go, you're going to be late," said Pepper, sliding a paper away from Steve mid-signature and gathering up her documents.
"Thank you Tony," Steve whispered, calming instantly as he curled into the other's touch. He just needed a moment, a moment here with his Alpha. Steve ran his hands down Tony's chest, feeling the rim of his arc reactor through the shirt and the thrum of a heart beat. He was warm and solid and he was
"Really good," Steve told the omega, definitely grinning now. "Very... really good."
want Iron Man?" repeated Tony.
"Where?" Steve asked and rubbed at his temple with the heel of his palm.
But Steve couldn't help but feel nervous, or at least uneasy. Now the questions weren't going to be
"Steve..." he murmured.  "No... no, no, no..."  Children?  Psh.  Tony didn't give a fuck about that.  Hearing Steve admit it.... it was a second knife to his heart, his gut.  His mind automatically shifted back to Jarvis, the only other omega he'd known well.  Jarvis had been married to another omega and they were childless, but Jarvis had been infinitely patient and nurturing and kind; he had been Tony's parent as much as Howard or Maria or either of his nannies.  Tony had confided things in Jarvis he'd never admitted to Howard.  He'd never wondered why Jarvis didn't have children, but now he knew: Howard had had one child, Tony, a legitimate heir by Maria.  Undoubtedly, Jarvis had been on suppressants, and, undoubtedly, that had been Howard's decision, not his.
"Stefen," Tony began once more, licking dry lips. "It truly has been my pleasure."
Peter couldn’t just go and leave everybody. Could he?
“Weren't you the one who needed more supplies?” Stefen teased, keeping the parcels locked close to his chest.
To Tony's surprise Ian shot him a dirty look and kept for the door.
Wuzho: (romany) Clean. Sacred. Pure. This word is the spiritual opposite of unclean. Some animals like horses, hedgehogs, and scavenger breeds are considered wuzho in Romany culture.
Bucky said on a hopeless sigh from the couch opposite.
“This is silly. What good will it do James if you poison yourself?” Natacha scolded, worry behind it, and Tony, finished rinsing the taste of puke from his mouth, had smiled bravely in return and pressed on.
Charlotte would very much like to know that for herself, but she wasn’t about to ask again. It mattered very little in the long run whether Stark liked her or not.
"Always do, don't I? Take your own advice Tony." Clint replied with a confidant smirk returning.  Squaring his shoulders, he turned and jerked his head toward Bucky and said, "That's if this one don't shoot himself in the eye before then. Can't aim for shit."
Steve did as asked, though in truth he’d have preferred to stand. This was too close to a battle and he liked to feel ready. But he didn’t want to insult the prince’s sincere offer of friendship. Especially when he needed it.
, and asked, “So, do I look like a Chief Machinist?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Stefen and Charlotte said goodbye to their friends while Tony saw to waking up the little ones and gathering their things together. After the other three had been rounded up, the whole family piled once more into the car, this time with considerably more room as Tony had been right and Bucky chose to stay to entertain his lady friend and instructed Stefen that it was okay to lock up without him.
"Does that surprise you?" Tony asked with a sardonic lift of his brow, though he hardly needed Bruce to answer. Nobody in their right mind would place their bets on Antony Stark making a great tutor, least of all Tony.
Damn them all anyway, was the last thought Steve had before his vision went white as his body shook with release.
The first one missed the target shattering the glass in the door instead. Schmidt barely flinched, turning his pistol on Dvorak and returning fire with a steady arm, eyes alight with a cold sort of hatred.  And then, one side of his skull suddenly burst outward in a brilliant red spray of blood.
“Bambino. Antony. My Antony? Mio bambino.”
“Stefen, you terrible fool. They’ll take it all if you defy them this way. Can’t you see that?” The baroness sighed, relaxing slightly at the sound of father’s quiet tone. She shouldn’t relax, Natacha thought. Father was at his most angry when he was quiet.
Tony grimaced. There would be no fighting anything in court. It burned like bitter drink, but Stark Industries and all that was connected to it was lost to him.
Word Key
Natacha managed a few sleepy blinks before her mind jutted to life. She’d slept through father checking on her. The thought was disconcerting. She was always awake to see him.
, shhh. It’s alright.” Tony franticly soothed, ignoring the tremor in his voice and the sting of tears in his own eyes as he pulled James tight to his chest. “You’re alright now.”
"I tried looking her up after the war, but the inn was destroyed by then, hit in a bombing. Nobody could tell me much more beyond that. Probably married with a couple of babies somewhere." He shrugged once more but Tony got the feeling there was more he hadn't said. He did not know what it was... but he didn't believe that Lara Enns was anywhere or anything but dead.
"Is Bucky more important than we are?!" She wailed over his attempt to explain. She'd heard it all already. It was always the same with the captain. There was always a mission, and he would always need her to take care of everything in his absence, and to hold him together when he came back more broken than the last time.
MUSIC: FANFARE.
He made sure Péter was looking at him as he finished. "And so are you."
It made the stomach twist and burn to think about letting that man just get away with it all, to tear his family apart and get away with arranging his parents’ murders, but there was little Tony could do about it. Obi could have Tony arrested with a single admittance. Hughard had falsified Tony’s birth records and Stanislov was party to the crime. Witnesses who had known his mother growing up would not be hard to find. Desperate people Stanislov could con or pressure into testifying the truth of his heritage were probably a dime a dozen in Pola right now.
The rope. He could wrap the rope around her neck. He could wrap his bound arms around her and break it too with just the right angle. Where was she? Could he… God. He was thinking too slowly, giving her time to counter. Hell, she’d had enough time to pull out a pistol and shoot him by now.  Panicked at the thought he twisted his head, tears leaking from his eyes as they looked up and met hers. She was standing above him, looking as if she hadn't moved from her initial lunge. There was an old gnarled looking goat by her side, with a pair of shaved horns atop its head. She was holding it by one of its stumps, her lips pressed tight together in a disapproving scowl.
"Hello James. I'm sorry we're so early, but I've been asked to do a last minute performance and I really must be on my way. I had to bring them now." Janneke rushed to explain as she greeted both Bakhuizen and Rogers with light kisses.
Steve reeled back as if he'd been slapped, but then he was back at the door again pounding on the thick doors with one closed fist.
Bucky slipped a piece ham into his muesli, swiveling the meat in the porridge wondering what was wrong with everyone? The mood at the table was as if someone had died, far too somber just for being disappointed that their father was late.
Steve looked to Tony helplessly.
“Not as dead as all that. You did have your friend here looking for me.” Tony nodded to the stranger in the corner and Stanislov chuckled, the sound rumbling deeply in his chest.
And of course Péter nodded because like Tony he had been raised at mass like any good catholic boy; but even Hughard’s best attempts to control his home and put their best socially and politically aligned foot forward had been enough to completely silence Maria Carboni or her pride in her heritage.
"Makes sense," Bucky shrugged. "It's not like they haven't pulled this shit before. Phillips had you running around kissing babies after the war to convince their parents to put in with the Social Democrats. Fat lot of good it did."
“Come on, Greta. How many today?” she sang a little to herself as she shooed away the hen, collecting the eggs she found in the nest beneath her. Magda’s back ached as she carried the basket. It was hard on days like this, when mother and father left and it was only her and Ona. They wouldn’t have Franz until the summer when he came home from university. The German Labor Force had assigned a pair of workers to come help at Father’s request, but they wouldn’t come until the snows had thawed. Once the chickens were done, she would have to head into the field to help Ona.
“No, I thought they were still with you. Do you not know where they are?”
“Let them.” Steve shot back, his eyes never leaving the man from Liechtenstein. What was his name?
responsibility to anticipate Péter’s every decision. Péter was Stefen’s child, not Tony’s, and maybe if Stefen wasn’t so god damn self-righteous and focused on being a hero, he’d have noticed far sooner that something wasn’t right. After all, what the hell had
"Is that in Austria?"
“The prisoners release was organized through Commandant Lachmann.” He began to recite. “We have papers from him but there will be a discrepancy between their copy and ours. The head of the political department, Unterstumfuhrer Grabnder, will be overseeing the hand off; but if he keeps to pattern he will have passed the task off to his henchman, Warden Johaness. Chief lieutenant Wolfe is his underman and also our man on the inside...”
"Does this mean you're leaving again?"
She seemed to have forgiven him, at least to be civil enough to spend the day with him and her friend, whom she’d introduced as Miss Anamarie Adler. Though she was also from Salzurg, Anamarie was as different from Gwen as could be. The two were like day and night, with Anamarie’s dark brown hair and moss green eyes with their permanently cagy gleam.
“Stefen ordered you to take care of me, didn’t he?” Tony finally just asked, because he wasn’t naive, and he wasn’t about to put up with Bucky coddling him on Stefen’s orders – especially when he himself was injured and needed the rest far more than Tony did.
Tony’s frown deepened.
He propped his head on his hand. What had Ian done yesterday? After breakfast the children had gone outside to exercise and then…
Mon ami. My friend in French (the French they’d been learning only hours ago). Artur, headless of his inability to swim had gone striding into the water, continuing to call out in French. He’d nearly gotten up to his waist by the time that Tony caught up with him, the mud and grime of the silty lake bed sucking at his shoes and billowing upward to cloud the water.
Tony trailed off, his eyes following Steve as he crept closer. Steve watched the muscles move in his throat as he swallowed.
He went still a second before Péter hissed for quiet and the cabin was plunged into silence, but for the tiny blaring of the programs host as he read the mornings news.  They didn’t waste any time getting to the juicy bit, the bit that held the attention of the entire nation – and Tony’s heart began to beat faster behind his ribs.
That might not be enough a fearful voice needled at him, but he pushed it down, because if he gave into the fear, then he’d never have the strength to take aim and pull the trigger again.
“We should keep control of our tempers, shouldn't we? The Captain will be so disappointed.”
Ian had lain on his bed, his books spread out around him, for what felt like hours. Artur had come in what must have been right after dinner, still smelling of Willamina’s cooking and after cooing a bit at Mon Ami in his frog cage about how they were all going to be fine (as if the frog were the one with the worries) his younger brother had curled up beside Ian on the bed with a book of his own book.
But Tony was looking up at him, his eyes glinting in the moonlight. He looked like he was contemplating the stars, but he was just looking at Steve.
But, Tony thought, resolved once more, this was his fight (and what would be would be). It was a small thing perhaps: change one family, change seven young lives (hopefully for the better) and take them back from the hands of those who had taken his own family. A fool’s rebellion maybe. But his.
had high ideas about culture and all the arts. To this day I can still dance a tarantella with my eyes closed.”
"We met during the war.” Stefen said slowly. “We were in separate units to start, but as the war dragged on and numbers dwindled the army deemed it prudent to abandon some of its prejudices." His mouth twisted wryly in something of a pained grimace as he glanced at Tony out of the corner of his eye, as if to judge his response.
“They’re the same thing, Cap.”
He knew that Bucky was sorry to have pushed him so far but Steve didn't expect him to say it. But it was the nature of having bled for one another so many times before, that Steve didn't really need him to either.
“I forgive you Father. And you don’t need to worry.”
Péter fashioned each word as a dart, meant to sting, and they might have landed if Steve had hosted any actual desire to see Péter in the Wehrmacht. Maybe once upon a time when he'd been very young himself, before he'd killed his first man, there had been a time when he'd dreamed his son might one day inherit the brotherhood. But that had been a very long time ago. Those dreams had dissolved with the empire long before Péter was born.
“James, buddy, let it go. That’s no way to speak to your Da.” And before Stefen could open his mouth to add his two cents, he snapped in the captain’s direction.  “And any time you want to quit arguing with an eight-year-old, Charlotte’s waiting on us.”
As the other children promised to work very hard and pay close attention to their music lessons, Péter stayed quiet, his brow furrowed in thought. The intense focus of his stare made Stefen's neck itch.
Steve had helped with the rebuild, pouring his efforts into social reform while navigating the turbulent waters of Austria’s fractured government; but he’d always felt as if he should have done more. Peggy had warned him he’d run himself into the grave carrying the world on his shoulders, and in the back of his mind he’d privately thought she’d be right. He still wished sometimes that she had been, and that the damned fever would have taken him and not her.
Tony had gotten up to push the small girls plate closer to her (already thinking up ways to add length to her chair legs) when out of the corner of his eye he spotted James stealing a roll from Ian’s plate while his brother’s back was turned. Without much thought beforehand he grabbed the boy’s wrist and plucked the roll from his hand.
He should have left. Too late now. He was always too late. He should have tried harder. He should have seen… he should have… he slumped, his thoughts blurring together.
“I don’t think you care to hear how often the divine and I have touched since leaving you at St. Péter’s.”
She’d made a goulash and warm bread, the smell of which was already filling the room and making Steve’s stomach twist uncomfortably with a reminder of hunger. It was a smart choice. The goulash provided both water and sustenance, and could thinned to stretch if need be. The bread was easy to share amongst themselves and filling.
“That’s an understatement. No Martin, there’s nothing for it. We’ll have to let Obadiah have his prize.”
“The days are starting to get a little longer,” Tony mused. “I imagine spring will be here before we know it.”
He’d fallen asleep to one of Stark’s letters. He remembered waking up in the middle of the night with a start, much like now, and for a horrible moment the sounds of Vienna drifting in from the window had mixed with blasts of bombs and his ears had been full with the sound of screaming.
“So they both know?”
“My name Agent Filip Coulson. I’m with the Abwehr.”
. A traditional adornment of gold coins, worn by married women around the neck or the waist. To sleep with a man without one is unclean. If the strand breaks the union is considered void and the woman unclean until it is repaired or replaced.
“It’s an embarrassment.” She went on after a moment. “We don’t want another Christmas like before.”
“Don’t you remember any?” Maria asked sadly, her dark hair poking out from the sleeping bag she shared with Artur. It was quiet for a long moment.
“I know darling.” Tony had leaned over to cradle her cheek, and so that he was close enough to lower his voice out of earshot of Lt. Steven’s who was stationed at the door. “But you’re all doing so well. You remember what I told you? It’s very important.” Maria nodded slowly, answering his prompt with tear filled eyes.
“They have to leave. Tonight.” Tony said what they were all thinking and the silence in the room hung heavily.
“Maria?” Steve’s heart twisted painfully in his chest as the girl turned to him. His daughter’s face swam before his eyes and he took a desperate step toward her, but the girl flinched and scampered back.
“Ah but look at you.” Dr. Vonkov smiled across the table at Tony with all his teeth. “Here we are at the proudest moment in our history, ready to reclaim the glory that was once ours, and what have you contributed? Prayers.”
He couldn’t die here.
“You see! I told you what he is like Baroness.” Hammer barked, pointing one thin accusing finger in Tony’s direction. “I’ve tried to tell the Major, but it’s as if he has put some sort of spell on him. He ought to be reported to the police! I’d have done it myself if I weren’t afraid he’d turn the Major against me.”
She knew it wasn’t that simple. Some people would never understand what kind of woman could do the things she knew she was capable of; but she could bear that, live with it, so long as he continued to see the best in her.
“You'll receive your official orders when Colonel Marquering arrives. A company leader will collect you later, I know how busy you are. Until then, you're dismissed.” Schmidt snapped his arm in the air in a salute. “Heil Hitler!”
They’d made it, Tony realized as the abbey came into view. He slowly sat up, body numb with cold and still stiff and sluggish.
“Except she’s right, I don’t really know the steps Tony.” Natacha hissed quietly so that none of the nearby dancers might overhear and Tony winked in reply, mouthing for her to follow his lead. If Natacha was anything, she was quick and graceful. It wasn’t a complicated dance. Tony was sure she’d pick it up, and she did. A smile slowly entered her eyes as they danced together and she followed the movements of the other women on the floor, gaining confidence with every step. Seeing her enjoy herself that way was enough to distract Tony from his worries for a few moments. Even when a turn brought them close to where her father was dancing with Charlotte, Tony only thought wistfully of what it might have been like to be able to dance with him. Maybe one day, in private. After a few lessons. Good god Charlotte’s poor feet!
"-what the hell did you do to my suit?" blurted Tony.
Trey's brothers, both huge Alphas, were dutifully mixing drinks, while Trey perched up on the counter, cracking his knuckles.  "Bet you didn't have parties like these back in the old days, huh, Steve-o?"
But he had never witnessed casual gambling escalate so quickly as this did.  A group of filthy rich Alphas, all of them with dominance complexes... it got tense within four hands.
"I love you," he whispered.
"...okay but it's gotta be alkaline mineral water," said Tony, leaning into her.
"I'll be back in less than a week.  I promise. You'll have Steve here--"
He hoped there wasn't more because he was certain Steve would laugh at him if he knew the depths of Tony's ignorance.  Then again, he probably wouldn't.  Steve was such an incredibly nice guy, noble in his way... Tony knew if he admitted his inexperience with omegas, Steve would be patient and kind and gentle.  But that didn't matter.  Tony had his pride and he wanted Steve to see him as a powerful Alpha and asking for a crash course in sex and status ed was definitely not what a confident Alpha would do.
"Okay. Cool," Steve sucked tomato sauce off of his index fingers. "Anything we have to do. We'll do it. You just say the word."  He gave his hands a brief wipe on a cloth napkin.
Sam checked his watch.  "It's after six-thirty. Don't tell me you're getting soft, Rogers."
"Oh, hey, Popeye.  Are you gonna try to recruit me again?  Guess who's got two thumbs and a brand-new pair of rocket boots?"  Tony pointed to himself with his thumbs. "This guy!" He clanked back out; Donner hurried in and let out a cry of dismay at the scuffs all over the floor, then scurried off, probably to get a mop.  Despite Tony's veritable army of maids, Donner still insisted on trying to be helpful around the house. Steve and Tony had given up trying to make him stop. It seemed to make him feel happy to feel useful.
"Are you a mutant?" demanded Wanda, hovering behind Maria, who was still holding the gun.  Pepper and Aria were huddled together off to the side.
Tony trailed off.  He didn't want to say "dull," but that's what they were.  They were dull beyond all reason. Some of them had probably been raised since childhood to be that way, agreeable and compliant and unopinionated... a perfect blank slate for their future Alphas.
Natasha had been wrong.  Bucky was still in there.  It was him.  It was Bucky.
Inside, Tony's interest had been refocused from Jeanette to a flutter of activity across the room.  He perked up (the hairdresser made an impatient noise at the sudden movement) and hissed, "
He showed Tony a blurry picture of a base in a desert; it looked small so most of it had to be underground. "Look familiar?"
Tony returned with a menorah and a package.  He handed it to Steve; it was long as his arm and extraordinarily heavy.  Tony carried it in both arms, grunting with effort. The wrapping was lumpy and was, on inspection, graph paper, not actual wrapping paper; clearly, Tony had done it himself.
"Steve, I've never worried about a thing in my life," said Tony lazily with a wave of his hand.  He put his arms around Steve and relaxed with a sigh. Knotting was strangely intimate.  It should have felt weird and gross to be stuck like his, covered in semen, but for some reason, it always made Tony sleepy instead.
"But it was gone- it was
"Oh, this guy's legit, he's got priors!" hollered Trey, and everyone was laughing.  "Watch out-- hey, is Carson here? Carson just got off suppressants, too--"
"...fine, then how 'bout you and me have an Alpha thing and you come see me and we hang out while Steve and Clint go to their stupid special secret clubhouse?"
"When I'm with him... it's terrifying. My instincts kick in. I don't even know who I am anymore," Steve admitted softly.
Tony's skin crawled.  He wasn't sure how much he liked this unintentional connection.  It made him feel a little vulnerable.  Which was the point.  To be as close and entangled and, yes, emotionally vulnerable as possible to your mate.  Because you trusted each other.  Pair-bonds were
"I've never ridden a horse, actually. Thought always kind terrified me," Steve admitted. Riding horses for fun, especially in the forties, had been something for people who came from money. Steve certainly didn't and never had. He wasn't sure how he'd cope with the Stark lifestyle of extravagance. He'd always been a humble man from humble beginnings- buying a
"Don't act cute, Stark."
If that ever got out, it would be a vicious scandal and probably ruin both of them.  Tony decided it was best for everyone to just pretend it didn't exist and never, ever mention it again.
Unbeknownst to him, Steve was fighting every instinct in his body to kneel in front of Tony again. "They're probably going to get mad at me, you know. For kneeling for you," he said. "They weren't impressed with the heat either."
Tony reached out and put a hand on his arm.  "I'm sorry, Ty. I should've done something, I should've called or--"
It was almost nine in the evening now and night time was creeping up on them. Steve was kinda hungry and horny and couldn't really decide which he wanted to tackle first.
"Yes...?"
Steve could feel Tony's disappointment and confusion tug in his own chest. He honestly hadn't really thought about Christmas plans all that much aside from assuming there would be lots of food (yay). So when Tony accused him of some how being involved in Pepper's plans he was pretty taken back. That wasn't Steve's style. If Tony were to have Pepper over then he would be able to have Nat and Clint. Now he figured he might not. He wasn't sure. Apparently in the 21st century people liked to plan Christmas weeks and weeks in advance...for him it usually been a few days before. Not they'd ever really had much to plan for.
" demanded Tony, hair standing up.  "Is he an Alpha?  Steve?  Who's Sam?  Sam's not an Alpha, is he?  ...Steve?"
Tony moaned loudly.  He swore he could feel it, he could--
"Well...tell him thank you, then," Steve said quietly. Then be felt a wave shudder through him and he groaned. "Fuck. Nat. Gotta go."
"...now that Bucky's in cryo... you won't... you won't go back to him again, right?  You'll stay with me now?" asked Tony, breaking up his reverie.  Tony didn't add that he couldn't shake the feeling of failure from their failed mating.  That he'd love to go to town, but that the gland on Steve's neck had such an awful taste... it was like Steve's body was trying to sabotage them.
"...where's Karpov?"
"I don't understand," said Tony.  "It pains me to say that, you have no idea.  But I don't--"
his mate now, Tony, and you should be there for him.  That was your--"
"I'm perfectly stable!" slurred Tony.
Clint was stood the other side of Tony, watching Sitwell as well. "I think we can break him in an hour. Offer him a deal and he'll tell us everything."
Below him, the villa-style house looked like a termite hive.  Men with guns were darting back and forth, covering themselves with the walls of the courtyard, pouring in and out of the jungle, and it was hard to separate SHIELD from the hostiles.  There was a huge, oblong pool in the back and at least one body floating in it.
Well, that was the difference between pair-bonding and regular old dating, he supposed.
"Hi, guys, just heard about Steve's... heat..."  he trailed off, staring.
It was a clear day and Tony put on the radio as they drove.  He found Steve's hand and placed it on the stick shift, placing his own hand over Steve's so that he could drive and remain in contact with his omega.  It was, in Tony's opinion, bad form for SHIELD to insist on dragging Steve in to talk some more about the Winter Soldier, especially considering how awful the psych eval had been, especially considering this was
Happy was walking behind them, guiding them forward. A woman at the front of the crowd was shoving a microphone out towards them.
Tony looked up.  He was kneeling.  He was in a courtyard.  The sunlight was bright, but he was viewing the world through a digital display.  He was in the suit, kneeling behind a corner.  He could hear artillery in the distance.  That voice that had just yelled his name was in his head.  A headset.
"He won't know.  Just a quick peek."
He was crying again but only because he felt hopelessly confused.  He was like an over-stimulated child and didn't know how to deal with any of these unfamiliar feelings.  For the first time ever, he wished for a retraining session, wished he could wake up to the feeling of nothing, to be given orders and to carry them out and to have no thoughts or emotions.  This wasn't right. None of this right. He didn't even know how he'd come to be here.
Donner gave a tiny nod of approval.
Tony slammed his back against the wall and sank to the floor, unable to keep upright.  It was snowing lightly.  Maybe he was shivering from the cold, after all.
? He swallowed thickly, nervously, gaze still darting around like a cornered fox's. He was still shaking a little.  Was it a flashback?  If so, it was not like one he'd ever experienced before.  And the flashback, or vision, or hallucination, or whatever it was, was already fading; Steve felt frustrated at his own poor memory of what had gone on. The Winter Soldier standing on the other side of the glass had looked so
75% of all property in a divorce proceedings. (Steve had been using Google a lot). And in the past six months 79% of Omegas who'd wanted to get abortions were unable. The reasons offered differed between states but usually came down to finances; omegas struggled to keep jobs ("heat leave" was only a legally recognized right in 11 states) and were, on average, paid far less than their Alpha and beta counterparts.
"A few."
He got up to let Pepper know he was headed out.  He flung open the bedroom door; Pepper, Phil, and Steve all looked up guiltily.
"Excuse me?" said Number One.  Number One was the one whose father collected Captain America Memorabilia.  Steve had not gotten his name. Not gotten any of their names, really.
"Did Karpov say anything significant?"
Steve had just stepped out of the shower and finished changing into clothes he hadn't spent twenty-four hours in.  He looked up at the knocking from his balcony and blinked.
She had clearly dressed hastily; she was in a pair of black yoga pants, tennis shoes, and a t-shirt, and her hair was tied back in a loose ponytail.  Before her, Steve was naked, bleeding, and pinned down by one of the Iron Man armors; Tony was hovering over him, bristling; Sam was squished into a corner with his hands up.  Both Tony and Sam were sporting fairly impressive erections, an unavoidable reaction to Steve's heat.
"Yes. Really...please. Just leave me to it."
"I can't believe you have-- wait, Phil doesn't know
Goddammit, didn't that mean anything anymore?
"Ty.  Hey," said Tony.  "Listen, I'm sorry."
"I don't design weapons anymore."
position for an omega to be in, isn't it?"
"...I can control people for two, three minutes.  Not days, Pietro. ...we have to get rid of him. He attacked that omega; that could have been you."
Bucky stared blankly for a moment, then said, "Maybe it's happiness."  He reached for his notebook with his right hand. It was slowly filling up with half-memories, most of them murders.  That was what he remembered best. The people he killed.
, if you like either of those," he suggested.
Did Tony just say "mating?"  He'd meant "fucking," not "mating."
Steve's eyes flitted up to Tony's face in recognition. 2010. Malibu. His Alpha. He let out a ragged breath. His chest was still falling and rising too quickly but Steve was beginning to regain the feeling in his ankles and wrists and neck, the pins and needles buzz under his skin slowly fading. He let his head loll back against Tony's chest, eyes half open as he focused on breathing. Jesus. How embarrassing. Steve couldn't even hold a phone conversation with Fury about it.
since my company stopped making weapons- it's not even
"Aria. It's okay," Steve pulled her into a hug, now outside the plane. She looked surprised at the gesture. "I get it," he assured her and glanced up to see Happy accepting keys from another chauffeur.
fault Steve was so goddamn sick all the time--
.  He didn't make decisions, or have opinions.  He stared anxiously down at the case.
"Tony..." Steve tilted his head up, breath ghosting over the edge of Tony's jaw. He shifted, moving to sit in Tony's lap.
Steve didn't even glance up from the letter to see the flowers, finishing it to the end. "He's called Mark. He's eighteen. He says he was assaulted about three months ago, the police didn't believe his story. Now he's pregnant and he can't afford an abortion and his boyfriend's left him." He murmured, voice a little thick. Steve lowered the letter and looked up into Tony's eyes as the topiary artists disappeared having set the flowers down.
"Barnes isn't dead.  He's the Winter Soldier," clarified Tony.  He felt a mean, ugly sense of pride when Peggy's hand flew up to her face.
Doctor Brennan fixed him with a look. "So I'll ask again. How are you feeling?"
Tony let of a weak, strangled whimper when he felt Steve suddenly clench up around him, his body shuddering; he felt something warm and wet and sticky on his hand, and he shoved his length into him, burying it, climaxing
"This isn't a date?" Steve felt himself panic. Dating was normal now, for everyone, right?  Natasha had told him so. Clint even explained the 'three date rule.' Ha. That was out the window.
"Did Clint have a brother? He did, didn't he?" demanded Steve without so much as an introductory hello.
"Okay? You ready?" Aria asked, as the make-up came to fix Steve's appearance yet again.
"Thanks, Happy.  ...I'm serious, Pepper, liquor me up," demanded Tony, eyes locked hungrily on the door.
"What're
the red one, Wilson, that would be too easy.  It's fine, I got it. Done and done. C'mon, let's hoof it."  He snapped on the face plate and shot up through the trees.
"Where's Rogers?" That was the first question out of his mouth.
"Well, she did it again," said Tony.  "This place is nice," he concluded after making sure the bar in the living room was stocked and giving one the pillows on the bed a test-punch.  He put his hands on Steve's waist and beamed up at him. "God, we needed this."
soldier.
"Yeah. They asked how you were doing with everything," Steve said, stepping out of his shorts. "And I quite rightly told them you were being great with it all," he murmured and looked up to meet Tony's gaze.
?  That seemed like the sort of thing Steve might do, if he thought said omega was being abused.  Steve was always doing stuff like that.
"Hey JARVIS?  ...don't let anyone deliver tulips to us again, okay?  If a florist tries to come in here with tulips, turn them away.  We're only taking orchids.  Capiche?"
"Mm-hm, late '65."
"Steve.  Steve, you're doing great, seriously.  I'm really glad you let me mate you and let me bite you again.  It's okay that it didn't go exactly like we expected. Not your fault.  I love you. You're a good omega." Tony nosed his hair again. "You're my omega.  And I love you."
The entire ride was clearly taxing on both Pepper's and Aria's patience.  Tony was overly enthusiastic and energetic. He didn't respond to anything Pepper said, at least not directly.  Happy kept looking at them in the rearview mirror, fascinated. As a beta, he didn't get much opportunity to see this sort of thing in action.  Steve and Tony were both acting like they were on drugs. Pepper put down the window and Tony huffed the air happily.
look impressed with him in the slightest.
She looked over her shoulder.  "Lesbian Sorority Rush Week 4?" she guessed.
He stumbled back, weak, half-blind.  Steve was groping for him; he automatically tried to pick him up before remembering Steve was well over two hundred pounds.  "Steve. C'mon. Bath," he commanded wearily, tugging on the omega. "We can come back to the nest later."
Steve set the tablet Pepper had given him down on the table.  “Your first meeting is at eleven. Your plane tonight leaves at eight PM.”
"Tony.  Slow down."
"Go," repeated Tony.  He snuggled down into the pillows and closed his eyes.  His hand was still throbbing uncomfortably; he was allergic to most pain-killers and hadn't treated the pain with much more than Tylenol.  But now that the bone was set, it wasn't so bad. Certainly not bad enough not to fall asleep; he passed out within minutes, exhausted from being up all night and having pieces of his suit fly at him.
"The prince'll be there too," added Tony.  "Wakanda's royal family has this totally baller guard, the Dora... fuck, I can never say it right... Dora Milaje.  Hot omega women. Isn't that cool? Their bodyguards are all omegas, Steve. Big tough omegas. So maybe you guys can talk about omega stuff.  Their country's very progressive, I guess."
"Hey there," Pepper said softly and Steve's head snapped up almost alarmingly quick.
"Tony, it's not a good idea.  With all due respect, right now, you're very hormonal, and the last thing your image needs is a feral Alpha brawl in the middle of your Expo," said Rhodey.
Ever since Gleason had told them that breaking the gland was painful (something Tony had never even thought of), he was now concerned that every time he would bite Steve, it would it hurt like it had for him in the hospital.  Would Steve's body think he was a rogue Alpha, trying to "steal" Steve away from his "real" Alpha?
Clint was an omega. Steve especially cared about his opinion on this matter.
"Well, he's coping-"
"So... are you saying you regret going to war?"
"And sometimes Kerry."
"Has Charlie got the jet ready?  I wanna be at the Expo before four.  Also, where's my pho?"
Tony didn't move, not quite willing to leave Steve yet.  The mention of his force-bonding had hit a nerve and Tony's desire to protect Steve was overriding most of his rational thoughts.
"...personally, I don't think omegas should really be allowed to serve in the army at all," said Malick breezily, looking at Tony.  "...they weren't, in Steve's day. I supposed they made an exception because of his... unique circumstances. But I suppose you think
Steve was still for about five seconds before popping back up.
"You're not a loser.  Jesus, Tony. You don't need a gland to ask something of me,  to calm me down...because you care about me. You see me as a person. They don't," Steve told him calmly and ran a hand down Tony's side, squeezing his hip in what Steve hoped was a comforting manner. "Yeah," he breathed, "I'll try and talk to Rex but I also want to be able to talk to the waiting staff, maybe. They're mostly all omegas. I want to see what their perspective is, too-- behind the scenes."
"Whoa, man, chill out."  (A comment that Tony would have no doubt seen the humor in.)  "You're okay, you're in preheat. Give me your phone, I'll call Tony... is that your Alpha?  Sit down, buddy."
"--are you seriously suggesting Alphas are the victims here?--"
"Why did
He fell silent, thinking about Steve's predicament.  Sixty, seventy years of culture: lost.
"They're such good people," Steve whispered.
He abandoned the food and crossed the garage, his limp noticeable but much better.  He pulled out an old photo and held it out to Steve.
"The omega?" asked the soldier.
Tony and Happy loped down the jet stairs toward the car that awaited them.
he thought, mouth watering.  It was the sexiest thought he'd ever had and he couldn't get rid of it once he began thinking it.
"You have no idea what it's like on my end, Steve, how much it hurts to think that you're in danger, how guilty I feel.  I keep trying to remind myself that this is what you want, but... but when I smell you, my brain goes haywire.  It's like putting a fork into a toaster, you know?  I just want to lose it."  He sighed a little.
Tony sighed and used his unsheathed hand to begin pulling out wires, unplugging himself.  He wondered if Steve had missed him, if Steve would be upset or bothered or even annoyed that he'd completely forgotten to come to bed.  Tony's best work was always done late at night and he could happily work until dawn; back when Pepper was his PA, he'd often waited until she came in at 6, toss back an espresso, and then crash for an hour or two before getting back up to start his day.
, oh my God!  We should have champagne!  Stark! Pop open a bottle!"
He didn't even realize what was happening until Joey had pulled out a blade and begun sawing at the guy's wrist.
"I'm really more handsome than cute," said Tony.  "Did you know it's illegal to sell people?"
"He was already crazy," Steve breathed as he appeared beside them to make the hole in the floor bigger. "Would you mind...?" Together they took away more of the ceiling, cracking it and lifting it up and then bending the mesh back that supported it. It was a slow process but it ensured none of the concrete would land on Tony's head. Steve belatedly thought about how Pepper would react when she saw this, how she react to him being nearly 93 years old. It would certainly be interesting.
Gideon actually chuckled, like he found it funny. Steve distantly imagined punching him in the throat.
Sorry for the day-late update.  My schedule was thrown off this weekend due to a leather title contest.  That is now over (I WON!) and can return you to your regularly scheduled updates.  Don't worry, Project 84 is coming SOON!  - Tony
"Sorry," Jane squeaked. "I... er, shouldn't have said anything."
He lapsed into silence, not wanting to talk about it anymore.
Steve felt like he was floating, half aware of his physicality and Tony's touch and half lost in his own mind. His body buzzed with bliss and a low thrum of contentment. He could stay like this forever, he figured. And Steve didn't think this feeling was uniquely 'honeymoon' either. It was just loving and safe and secure. No one else had ever seen Steve like this before and they never would. He was in pieces, broken up and exposed by pleasure until the very barest of instincts were put on display for just Tony to see.
"He's dead.  They-- they killed him.  It's gone. Just gone, completely gone, I can't f-feel..."  Tony had a stricken expression and had gone an ashy color; in the suit, he was starting to shake violently.  He hadn't realized or appreciated the constant sense of his mate over the last eight months, but suddenly it was no more, clicked off in an instant, like a light switch.  It was as if he'd suddenly gone completely blind.
Steve finally determined Tony was comfortable enough and he took a stack of mail, handing Tony another stack.  He settled next to Tony and Tony leaned in to him, pressing their shoulders together.
"G-good boy," Tony managed, shoving Steve against the bed.  His body spasmed and if he wasn't half-leaning onto Steve his knees probably would have given out; his hands were gripping Steve's hips, holding him, his cock stuffed into him, and he twitched as he felt the sweet release... the thought kept spinning through his head that he was cumming into Captain America, that Captain America was taking his seed, was
"Sorry, sorry... I heard about Wakanda and then did a line and then drank and then... now... okay... I'm gonna sit down now..."
was with Pepper in the early 2000s.  She had never seen it and Tony had informed her, politely but firmly, that he could not have an assistant who had never seen
"All right, Captain. I want you to start from the beginning."
. Most of them were flashy and glitzy and made Steve feel physically ill. He wanted to wear collars to make a point, sure. But that didn't mean for one point he would enjoy this.
"Pep, wait!"
"You're doing good, Trey," said his brother, patting him.
"...I'm with nobody," said Pietro.  "...are you?"
." And Steve was swearing again as Tony rolled his hips and fucked into him. He felt like he was on fire, like he was lighting up inside. Steve saw stars. His breath was hitching as Tony murmured sweet nothings to him, his beard against the omega's skin rough and pleasantly so. He wanted to respond with something equally sweet but Steve couldn't quite get his mouth to work. He still couldn't quite believe this was happening. It felt surreal, like he was floating, like he was high.
"...giddy-up," he joked.
The man who had entered pulled out his phone to use as a light; everyone else followed suit.
"You're not upset, are you?"
"There's a good soldier," said Karpov gently, patting him.  He glanced down at the mostly unsmoked cigarette in the dirt, and reached out to crush it with the heel of his boot.  "Your objective is to keep the girl alive. Not to listen to her. You listen only to me, understood?"
"Nick?"
"Sorry.  Geez."
Personally, he found reciting either prime numbers of the periodic table to be the best method to re-establish some semblance of control.  He could hear Steve naming numbers.  Yes.  Primes.  Two was a prime.
"If you were mine, I wouldn't share you."
"You've had enough to drink.  I'm cutting you off. Keep your hands to yourself, Tony.  Out of respect for Steve."
Steve was so confused.  His bond was a total mess; he felt Bucky's calm and Tony's panic, Bucky's sense that things were finally right and Tony's sense that they were horribly wrong.  He felt like he was being emotionally drawn and quartered.
Well.  Only one way to find out.
"Yes. Hill sent over the picture."
Tony had probably fucked up bigger before, though he couldn't remember it now.  He felt numb.  He knew of only one solution to these things.
"Flowers are what you get people when you apologise, aren't they?" Steve asked softly. He'd seen it in a lot of movies and TV shows. He thought that was how it worked.
Then her eye caught something glittering on the floor.
Aria's eyes narrowed at Sitwell again. She didn't like him instinctively. There was never anything good about a mysterious man in a suit. "I think that Steve doesn't need another society to prop him up and that there's enough infighting between them for it to be better for Steve to just stay out of it. Sure, he can work with both of them but he's not picking a side. That's not really his style. If he can unite them together he'll get a hell of a lot more done. But it's Steve's call, not mine, so..."
Tony went back to his salad, actually eating it now, relaxing a bit.  No one else came up to them, but there was still the occasional click of a camera phone and, in one particularly irritating moment, a flash.
adopt Tricky?"
At the bar, Rhodey was slamming back a scotch.
Tony put a hand over his face and breathed.  He was shaking slightly from an unwanted adrenaline rush.
"Yeah," agreed Tony, resuming his walk toward the door labeled 7.
"...what happened?" asked Pepper quietly.
"It will take him a long time to heal. But the first step is admitting he has to at all. God knows what being bonded to Gideon Malick was like," Pepper muttered into her glass. "Poor thing."
Bucky pointed to the bathroom.
Steve could tell Tony wasn't yet convinced. He sighed. He pressed a kiss to his cheek and then ducked his head down to whisper in his ear. "Don't go beat up the stupid dog man and I'll make it worth your while, yeah?"
Gideon rose, stretched, and then crouched beside Steve.  Steve felt a hand on the back of his neck.
"I think we should maybe let omegas catch up first," butted in Irshad, who was planted on the carpet and seemed unwilling to be butted out of the conversation.
Tony stared into Steve's deep blue eyes.  Steve stared back.  Tony maintained his gaze, waiting for Steve to glance down or away.  He could hear both of them breathing; their breathing had synced up automatically, unintentionally.
Bucky lunged for Steve immediately.
A tall, slender woman walked up to them and shook Pepper's and Aria's hands.  "Jeanette. I'll take them from here," she reassured them. Tony's eyes nearly fell out his skull.  Jeanette had waist-length copper hair and her face was splattered with freckles; she was dressed in a plum shirt with a ruffle and a short pencil skirt and impossibly tall heels.  Tony let himself be lured away by the hairdressers, still ogling her.
"I meant introduced."
Steve was half-way through unbuttoning his shirt when Tony crawled on top of him. He sighed fondly and let it happen, Tony's body a warm and comforting weight. It was nice hearing it from Tony, even if rationally Steve knew that today could have definitely gone a lot worse than it did. He was just relieved it was over; now it felt like he could carry on living his life again.
fixed the damn reactor; this was his second chance and they were threatening it.  He wished both would just come out of the shadows so they could just get the inevitable confrontation over with.  He wondered if his and Steve's announcement might draw Bucky out.  How would it feel for an Alpha to watch his omega suddenly appear with another Alpha, looking happy?  If that didn't drag Bucky out from the shadows, nothing would.  Regardless of what had happened to him or how messed up his brain was, the bond between Alpha and omega was devastatingly strong.  Surely he'd recognize his omega, leap to defend his claim.
, and I'm going to Iowa.'"
"I promised Sarah," he said in a low voice.  "I promised Sarah I would make sure he wouldn't get hurt."
He stepped closer, hands tense by his sides, his shoulders a tight line. Was this real? Or was Steve full-on hallucinating now?  Was this a post-heat thing? Should he tell someone?
," advised Maria.  "They're saying some nasty things about an Alpha kneeling for his omega."
"Thanks, dear," Steve told him, voice sweet and proper before he walked in front of Tony and into the main lobby.
"You spied on me!"
"I think Union Jack is a stupid name," he said after a moment.
Tony's eyes flicked down to his watch.  Oh, thank tech, she was nearly finished.
The soldier stared at him, uncomprehending.
"That could be Steve!" said Clint eagerly.
The drag of teeth against sensitive skin made him shiver and made Steve's lips part in a gentle gasp. He could feel his orgasm coming, his cheeks flushed and eyes dark. "That's it, Tony. Faster, please--" And when he did speed up, Steve came. He let out a broken sound, spilling over Tony's hand and both their chests, his other leg finally falling back down by Tony's side as he no longer had the energy to keep it up.
he's an omega.  You can't even go trick-or-treating.  But that's okay because we have our own lake too and Dad put fish in it and one time he
and you know you do else we wouldn't be having this conversation. And yeah, I drank. But... not like you do. I drank for special occasions, or with friends, or that time I trapped my hand in a door. But it was different too. I was tiny. A glass of whiskey and I would be on the floor. You drink it like water. And don't even
"Oh, not long at all," said Natasha, who was studying the writing on the first aid kit with interest.  "Four and a half days. Sorry it took us so long. I saw you fall off the grid on day one, but we had to pull records and interrogate Sitwell and... well, Tony didn't figure out it was Yemen until day three."  She glanced up apologetically.  "I was tracking you. Sorry, but not sorry.  If I hadn't been, we might not have come as fast as we did.   And as far as... as being in heat, I think you were only out for a day.  Maybe less. Hard to say."
Tony peeked into the bedroom but immediately could tell Steve wasn't there by the smell.
Something sank in Steve's chest when Bucky couldn't remember his name. But then Steve saw him reaching around his neck and it clicked.
"Jet sounds good. Any excuse to avoid the crowd outside."
Steve dialed Natasha.
Captain. Once he was back in the field they'd fall into their usual routine, Steve was sure. Natasha was decisive but she didn't like leading. She was already moving towards Clint's side now she was out of Tony's view- privacy was less of a need in front of men like Phil who'd known them for years.
"You all know this is fairly normal for someone with Steve's experiences... I think he'd do best with a sedative right now."
"...and two of those are Alpha-only," said Aria darkly.
"Not-" Steve punched the Winter Soldier in the chest as he jumped down. He caught a punch that was delivered back; human fingers squeezing into metal knuckles. His hand shook a little at the effort and he grit his teeth. "In-" Steve's eyes narrowed and he kicked at at his right hip, knocking him back. "My-" He ducked another hit. "House!"
"You're amazing... oh my God, yes..." moaned Tony as Steve took the knot, barely getting it in and out, panting and whimpering a little every time Tony stretched him out.  Tony arched desperately, wanting to bury himself in deeper, wanting more of Steve; his calloused hands grasped Steve's hips instinctively even though it was clear that Steve didn't need any help.  He was moving on top of Tony hard and fast and Tony's length was wonderfully slick with his fluids; feeling himself sliding in and out of Steve, watching Steve writhe and moan and tense on top of him was, in Tony's mind, easily the hottest thing he'd ever seen.  Despite the scented bath he could smell Steve's arousal; his body was tuned to it, wanting to give the omega everything he wanted and more, and Steve's body language and his pheromones were making it clear that what he wanted was to be fucked as much as possible.
! Stop saying that!" Sam snapped. He'd been the most annoyed out of all of them. Mostly because he wasn't a spy and he wasn't as good at controlling his emotions. "You've ignored him for a month! You've treated him like shit! He ignored all our calls, he ignored us...but I guarantee that if you had tried to call him just
"I know," said Steve with a small smile as he tore off a piece of gauze.  Tony's whole body shivered and tensed at his touch.  It hurt, yes.  But more importantly, Steve was touching him.  They were holding hands.  He closed his eyes as Steve slowly, slowly wound the end of the bandage around Tony's palm.  "...did you hear what I said?  About Natasha teaching me Russian?  I'm sorry if you felt like we were talking behind your back."
He sighed and stared down at his bacon.
"So I see," said Richard with a laugh.  "Alright, let's take a look! Let's get you folks in an exam room.  How are you so far feeling, Donnie?"
Tony suddenly felt like crying.  "Yeah, Steve chose the other Alpha, too."
Steve sighed quietly as Tony's mouth moved over him, his hands moving up comfortably to curl over his alpha's shoulders. "Round two," he affirmed and whined low in his throat when he felt Tony thickening up between his thighs. It was the sweetest feeling there was.
"Well, I hate to invoke Godwin's Law of Nazi Analogies, but--"
Down at the docks, the other guys often jabbed at Bucky for spoiling and indulging his omega. It was true, Bucky was indulgent; he thought Steve's attitude was cute and besides, Steve was sick.  Bucky couldn't stand to put Steve in his place and he was worried any punishment might hurt him. So, yes, he indulged Steve in his outrageous insistence on doing the sort of things Alphas and betas did, in part because Bucky thought it was adorable and quirky and in part because he just couldn't stand to see Steve be disappointed.
"Oh my God, he's a vet.  Come on, man, you're coming with us."
He threw back the bottle, hoping to numb the intense itching from the collar.  Equality aside, he now realized why Alphas never wore necklaces or turtlenecks.  He'd never appreciated how sensitive his hackles were until something was pressing against them.  It was agony.
to be.  How're you doing, lover?  Have you checked Twitter this morning?  You're trending again.  Your charity is gonna blow up when you announce it, I guarantee it."  Seeing Steve's look of alarm, he quickly explained, "
Pepper shot him a look of warning.
Pepper paused, then looked down, startled, at her phone.
"  His voice cracked again.  "--that you're alive."
"Okay, okay, I'll be sober and shit," grumbled Tony.  "...can I bring Steve?"
. I want to buy the simplest, shittiest collar in existence and I want it to flammable so I can burn the fucking thing the minute I don't have to wear it."
The boy had dark, curly hair.  At least most of it was. The back of his ears, from the top of his ears to the nape of his neck, it was straight and spiked.  It was well-blended, but it was suddenly obvious to Tony that that wasn't his original hair. And that a real Alpha wouldn't have their omega behind them, either; they would lay on top of them to protect them.
He flung over the front door and nearly smashed into a florist, who was trying to figure out how to operate the keypad.  (Tony thought traditional bells were for suckers.)
He looked up the number for the Allegria hotel and called, asking for Steve's room number instead of Steve directly, since this gave him more credibility.  They asked who was calling. He told them it was classified. They seemed to be wary (fair enough) and offered to take a message. He said he'd try again.
Tony stared blankly.  He guessed it was good that the words brought Steve comfort, although he, like his father, thought organized religion was kind of stupid.  He doubted that, if there were truly an all-knowing and all-seeing god-like creator being, it would give two shits about what mortals were up to.  He knew his mother had been raised Catholic, like Steve, and she occasionally would drag Tony to Easter mass. It was just as indecipherable to Tony as when Obadiah occasionally dragged him to schul.  Tony had sat patiently through these long rituals while drinking in the pageantry of it, examining it with a critical eye. He never felt any real connection to the faith, but was fascinated instead by the architecture of the buildings and the fluid synchronization of the people as they recited foreign words.  Attempts to impart any sort of religious inclinations in Tony were utterly ineffective; Tony also didn't believe in either Santa or the tooth fairy. Santa had never been part of the Stark household, and as for the tooth fairy, Tony had already lost two teeth before Howard and Maria had been informed by his nanny.  Howard had given him a firm handshake and a twenty-dollar bill. Maria had hugged him and asked to see the teeth, to which Tony had casually informed her that all of the teeth were currently involved in experiments in his room. He had read that calcium could be melted at a temperature of about 842 degrees centigrade and was curious if he could find a way to melt teeth.  Unfortunately, teeth, being made of calcium
"JARVIS!" hollered Tony.
"Ellis.  The president is Ellis, uh... Matthew," said Tony head throbbing.  "My birthday is... it's next week..."
There was a tentative knock at the door and DeSoto peeked in.  "...hi," he said, easing into the living room.
"...you know, Captain, there's quite a few opportunities for you to improve the world, and not
"Oh!  Red is bonded, blue is unbonded, green is vendors or supporters, black is presenters or speakers," said Eric.
When Steve woke up the bed was empty and he could smell pancakes (or was it waffles?) being made downstairs. Steve smiled and curled as he let out a yawn, his back curling up like a cat's before he rolled out of bed. He hopped in the shower quickly and then grabbed a dressing gown once he was dry enough and headed downstairs.
"Yours.  Steve's.  And..."  She trailed off.
"Because I'm going to ask why the first thing you saw was Bucky Barnes." Natasha's words were flat and matter-of-fact, but there was a strange sort of sadness in her eyes. She didn't
"CHARLIE!" hollered Tony.  He was trying to tie a bowtie and he was about ready to give up.  He could build jet engines, but goddammit, this tie was just not cooperating.
Bucky scoffed and shrugged off the thanks, clapping a hand against Steve’s back in a familiar gesture of silent agreement to just let bygones be bygones.
As if the man could read his mind he leaned forward, wincing in pain, before introducing himself with a fleeting smile. “Fiedor. Noah Fiedor.”
“A man would have to be dead to find you boring Charlotte and you well know it.” She smirked and he began to lead them through the crowd toward the prince and his party. “I think we've waited long enough to introduce ourselves.”
“Tacha! Tacha stop!”  Péter grabbed at her, pulling her off of Tony and hauling her back by her waist.  In the bed the other children sat up, yanked unceremoniously from sleep, staring at them with sleepy befuddlement as they tried to make sense of what had happened.
“My name is, Aleksy I am Poland.” Aleksy still spoke hesitantly, as if she were frightened the words would do something that she didn’t want them to. Tony smiled encouragingly at her, holding her eyes. He pitched his voice to be sure the rest of the class heard as well. “Very good pronunciation but remember your prepositions.”
“Tony’s right. The children are sleeping. Let’s all calm down.” Steve said instead, in a far calmer tone than he would have managed moments before and Bucky looked at him as if he’d grown a second head, mouth falling open slightly.
Dvorak. Not exactly someone Bucky wanted to place his trust in. He was certainly no rebel, and no friend of theirs. And with only three people knowing the route, Dvorak would be exposing himself in a way it would be near impossible to bounce back from. If there was one thing Dvorak did best, it was look out for his own skin.
“It’s a shame. We’d talked about having a party for him,” Tony sighed and Charlotte hummed in thought.
Natacha and the powder she’d put in her hair to mute the red tone to a muddy brown had his
"Heil Hitler!" The officer saluted back before turning to jog back to his partner.
“It does look that way, doesn’t it?” And when the captain opened his mouth to speak once more Tony tilted his head and beat him to the punch. “I’m afraid I’ve never been much of a follower, so when I find fault in your orders, and I usually do, I am forced to follow my own judgement.”
Too quickly and somehow nowhere near quickly enough they reached the village of Henndorf. The bus station wasn't so much a station as it was a little ticket booth sandwiched between the pub and the general store. It was early enough in the evening that the pub was still lively, and they had to wait a few minutes to use the only phone in residence; but strangely the operator could not get an answer at the villa. It worried tony. It was not so late that Hammer or Pepper would have gone to bed for the night. Someone should have answered.
And then, because Tony couldn't help himself.
“Has a doctor been in?” he asked, glad that his voice only shook a little. “And is there a reason we’re trying to bake the man like a potato?”
“Stevie I’ve known you my whole life. I knew, almost before you did. You and I, we’re familia. Did you really think that after everything we’ve been through, that who you fucked was gonna change anything? Jesus, Stevie I literally caught uncle Tobas fucking a goat once. This is practically clean in comparison.”
"Erskine is who he trusts, so Erskine is who I'm gonna fetch Charlotte." Bucky shot back, he paused momentarily in the door because he felt like a cad for snapping. He wasn't the only one who cared about Steve. Sometimes it was hard to remember because he'd been doing it longest.
Then it had been filled with the ordinary things. Pictures of the children, bobbles Peggy had picked up over the years, Steve's sketches. Possessions that spoke of two people in love in one space.
Stefen had sent Bucky? That had to mean he was still alright, for the moment, and maybe it wasn’t too late to stop the assassination attempt.
“I know the plan Bakhuizen, and I have no interest in -"
Tony was tempted to lie, or come up with some half-truth to placate the captain’s curiosity, only... he didn’t want to. Stefen had trusted him with so much already and proven himself to be a better man than Tony could ever hope to be. And more honestly he was greedy.
They would never know the freedom Steve had once known with the
The baroness's eyebrows raised but her mouth twisted in a smile of amusement. There was laughter dancing in her eyes as she answered, "You're right you're very impertinent. But I don't mind admitting, seven children are a lot for a woman alone."
He unclasped his hands with a small grin and leaned down slightly to appear less imposing.
Tony had watched the lone soldier out of the corner of his eye for any sign of movement while trying to figure out the best escape route if it came down to making a run for it. It was hard to figure out over the pounding of his heart whether he feared more for himself or for Bruce, who had gone to face the emissaries from the camp head on.  Despite knowing that the Nazis could not afford the risk of harming Bruce before he could give his report to the Vatican, Tony wasn't certain that it would be enough to protect his friend if the S.S. were to decide that they’d rather act first and worry about consequences later. The Nazis had dared worse before. What was the hasty execution of one man?
“I didn’t want to believe it. But he’s mad. He’s mad and he needs help,” she repeated and the agent’s eyes narrowed on her in frustration.
“What a face. Are they not to your liking?” Charlotte murmured beside him, drawing Tony’s glare. She was staring at him with a glint of amusement in her deceptively soft blue eyes, and not for the first time Tony felt an intense stab of dislike for the woman.
“I don’t have a book…” Stefen hedged and Tony rolled his eyes, grateful that the captain was preoccupied with looking at the children. Thankfully Bakhuizen wasn’t keen on letting him off the hook that easily.
With no piano and no tools on hand he’d settled for taking his journal into the sitting room. He was still sitting there, working on the schematics for mark two of the engine he’d never been able to finish – he’d already thought up ways to improve it – when the sky beyond the windows began to pale.
“You’d know, if the captain would allow you to return to school. A tutor is all well and good for a child, but for a young man it’s practically shameful.”
There was a flash of something vulnerable there. It took Tony back to that night again and he wondered what Stefen was so afraid of.
"Alright
Thankfully at that moment Virginia arrived to tell Steve that the shop had called, and Péter’s present was ready for pick up. That kicked Charlotte into high gear as she looked at the clock and realized it would only be a few hours before guests started to arrive.
Captain Steven Grant was just another soldier who took lives to protect the ones closest to himself and preserve his own.
“Is everything alright?” she called down and Steve mustered up what he hoped was a reassuring smile.
Steve stood and left the room, dislodging himself from the company of what was possibly the most irritating man in all of Austria.
Steve felt a shadow fall over him. He flung himself up with a snarl of rage, his hands curled into claws, as his body connected with something hard. He felt the softness of human flesh under his hands for a bare moment and he tore at it, grasping and clutching, but he was pushed back just as quickly, something forceful striking him bluntly in the stomach and sending him crashing the short distance back to the floor onto his back.
Maybe he was the fool, trying to squeeze blood from stones.
“What’s he saying?” Captain Altera snapped impatiently, his moustache twitching with each movement of his lips. When Steve repeated what the man had told him Altera huffed, sneering, “Is that what happened, they came to blows and our friend here decided to get his revenge?”
“Steve has gone to ground somewhere. It has to be close. Has Hercules heard anything?”
“I remember it as fun. I never minded having an extra day of Chanukah.” Grig commented lightly and Tony snarled at him, “Try having none!”
The hens flapped around her, suddenly agitated, and Magda looked over her shoulder to find her younger sister stood by the fence, hands empty of garden tools. There was a stunned and confused expression frozen on Ona's face that had dread dropping into Magda’s stomach. Was it their parents? Was it Franz? He was becoming more and more outspoken at university. Outraged at the way his former professors had been treated when Hitler came to power.
Charlotte was right. They had to think practically. Act in the best interest of the family. A Christmas wedding. Perhaps a spring funeral before they got the children off to the house in Geneva.
"Anyway, 'I want to be a Nun Vati', my daughter says, like I'm breaking her heart if I tell her she'd be happier married to a man with some real flesh between his legs." Scott prattled loudly, drawing a startled look from the stranger who looked as if he regretted it a moment later.
Bucky leaned his hip against the edge of the desk and waited.
“I was excited because it was just us boys… only not Artur, because he was still a baby like Sara and he has trouble breathing sometimes.”
A well-dressed woman on the arm of a gentlemen paused just slightly in her step, her eyes taking in the large family sitting by the fountain enjoying their after supper treat. Her eyes, watching Stefen, went soft with fondness before meeting Tony’s briefly in curiosity before her attention was pulled away by the gentlemen at her side.
Realizing that it was him and not the authorities, Grig lowered the fire poker he’d brandished at Steve like a sword and Ian shot up off the couch and ran to throw his arms around Steve. Distantly Steve thought Ian might be clutching too tightly but the pain barely registered. Steve’s eyes scanned quickly through the room, taking in the domestic scene that he’d interrupted. Tony’s grandparents were both in their chairs, a checkerboard lay between Antonia and Isiah. Péter and Natacha were nowhere to be seen.
Stefen had warned, and Tony had curled up tighter against his side on the bed, cold creeping over his skin.
Artur let his hand drop for a moment to answer again and then the tiny object was back into his mouth as if to stop any more words from coming out.
“Where’s the key Nik?” he demanded, and the man’s gaze fixated on Tony once more and Péter sagged in relief.
Tony paused outside the captain’s study, unsure why his heart had begun a steady pounding in his chest. He wiped his sticky (not sweaty mind you) palms on his trousers and shook off the uncharacteristic bout of nerves (because if the likes of Frauline Werner didn't make him sweat, neither should Stefen Rogers) and rapped smartly on the study door.
“Right then, we’d better get home. No telling what state the house will be in.”
of him, just so. Tony blinked before smiling back at him, unusually shy. A little color had returned to his cheeks.
No. Not really.
Pepper chuckled into her napkin and Tony glanced at her, ready to counter her criticism but the woman was looking fondly down at Maria. Though she hastily schooled her features when Maria looked up at her with large brown eyes.
Steve started, going still with shock and Susann smiled thinly.
She smiled the sweetest smile he'd ever seen cross her face, her blue eyes shining.
“Tony, where are you going?”
No turning back now.
Steve drained his cup and nodded at the rest of the table, standing stiffly.
Bracketed between Tony’s legs, the heat he emanated warming Steve’s chilled skin through his clothing, just made him feel lighter in a strange way, easier to breathe. Safe. Connected.
“My family! Olasz, my family are at the Behringer Hall!”
, Herr Stark,” the captain said with a final nod as he turned to depart and Tony knew he shouldn’t but he was still smarting from the admiring expression Rogers had given him when he’d fully realized who he was, that blooming hope in his eyes bought with his father’s legacy.
The old saying hung heavily between them, bittersweet and perfect, and Steve thought that he couldn’t have loved Bucky more than he did, sitting in the middle of that dusty bar drinking cheap liquor and breathing in his smoke. Bucky turned and blew smoke in his face like the over grown child that he was, grinning with boyish delight at Steve’s grimace. Steve grumbled playfully, with the heavy swell off affection filling his chest and shoved the man’s face away.
“Emma!” he shrieked and yes, that pitch was a terrified child.
So they did plan to advance the Reich far beyond Poland. Steve had always known it, but it was a dangerous thing to acknowledge outside of private rooms. Striker didn’t look all that pleased with Göring ’s sloppiness.
"Did you know about the experiments? " He asked, staring hard at Farkas. "Just how close are the Germans to creating the perfect soldier?"
did it on purpose, and he always got away with it now because he was little and Tony thought exceptions should be made for the little ones; and father liked listening to Tony. Ian knew, cause he saw how father always watched Tony’s mouth when he was speaking. He’d listen to whatever Tony said no matter what he said.
1938 9:25 PM
Solid arms wrapped around her, Bucky pulling her in close to his chest without a word.
His doubt must have shown on his face because her lips quirked and she sighed.
But how would he even know if it had? Tony knew nothing of the resistance and its movements besides the limited role Stefen had allowed him to play. If something had gone wrong he would have sent word with Clint, Tony tried to reassure himself, but his mind was too quick to remind him that something terrible could just as easily have become of Clint (and Tony could think of numerous tragedies that could befall a young boy traveling alone no matter how clever he was).
When the operator, a politely bored sounding young woman, finally announced herself Tony gave her the number Stefen had left and drummed his fingers upon the table while he waited to be connected.
Steve shuddered. He blinked rapidly, but whether he closed his eyes or opened them he saw the same visions: the way she’d looked that night after she and her brothers had gone to the wood; only this time she never came home. In them she wrestled with a faceless brute who left her discarded on the forest floor like a ragdoll.
~*~*~
The Captain’s blink came too slow. His answer however was blunt and sharp edged.
“You know, I haven't’ decided if it should be considered a crime or not.” At his curious expression she waved her glass of champagne to indicate the room. “All these lovely women eyeing you, and here you are looking at the chandelier. Darling it's quite unfair.”
They both stared in horror at the body laying between them, Steve’s body beginning to rattle once more though this time more from the loss of adrenaline than from the strain he kept putting it under. He’d hit Franz hard. Maybe too hard. He was too still.
And he could see it on his face that Tony wasn't taking it seriously, that Tony was going to say something placating and just go back to being sad as if Péter wouldn't notice and he narrowed his eyes at him and fisted his hands.
. What was going on here?
"But they are innocent! Father’s not even a Jew, and he’s been here since he was a boy. This is the only home our mother knows! How are they supposed to survive in Poland when they have nothing?!" Daniel shouted, full of outrage, but it was the naked desperation in in his eyes that hit them all like a physical blow. It was desperation for answers that no one had to give.
"I should be the one who goes."
No, the kind of salacious frivolity that fed the underbelly of society and had once thrived so brightly in the kabarett halls that Hitler had scourged when he came to power, had surely never touched Stefen and Margrit Rogers and their cozy little home in the country.
“You didn’t sleep well.” Stefen returned, like a statement rather than a question, as he made his way toward Tony on the couch. Tony shrugged, aiming for something nonchalant.
Stefen looked down at Ian and placed a hand gently on his shoulder. He could have placed a rock there for the way it made Ian shrink.
“Excuse me?”
“It is clear that some deeper conspiracy is at work here. It must involve some very high-ranking officials in the German Army if the Abwehr are involved and able to move around so freely. It’s too organized not to come from those at the very top. So you’ll give me what I ask or this conversation is done.”
"Cameron must be running late this morning.  There was a lot of booze at the party." he pointed out with a smirk, but that of course just made Stefen look concerned.
But Stark was busy stripping Sara who was giggling and trying to put her clothes back on as just hastily as Stark was stripping her just because she thought it was funny.
“I asked Ian to keep an eye on you, and this is what I come home to find.” Stefen muttered with a clench of his jaw as Tony bucked, toppling out of his arms onto the floor. He didn’t even have time to feel the sting of landing before Stefen’s shoulder was coming down and he was hoisting Tony over it like a sack of grain. The bastard was quick and had arms like a gorilla.
Steve frowned at him, wondering at his strange nonchalance. The man was not a fool and too good a policeman not to know how crazy it was to simply wait for the situation to escalate.
“You gave up your turn! It’s my turn!” Artur insisted, tugging on the garment only for James to tug harder, jabbing his younger brother in the ribs with one elbow as he snarled in reply, “Well now I want it back. Give it here! Nobody wants a fat roly-poly little thing like you tagging along anyway.”
Distantly she wondered if that was the reason her mother and her grandmother had died as well. Had the doctor given them medicine for their fevers only for them to die of something much worse? It was horrible to think about, so it was probably true. That was the way life was. Only children flinched away from the truth and Natacha Rogers was not a child. Not anymore.
James paused, debating for a moment more before he sighed and snatched up his sketchbook and grumpily replied, “so long as mine has cream. I suppose I could be trapped in my room for
Grief slashed through him, sudden and deep, like riding a bicycle and accidentally running into a post. He hadn’t touched the mandolin his grandfather had made him since he’d buried his wife but now he craved it. He wanted the weight of it in his lap and the smooth wood underneath his fingers. The same way it had always been, from his grandfather’s hands to his. He wanted Tony and the children surrounding the light of a campfire in the woods, while he and Bucky played the instruments Steve’s grandfather had made them. That was it. All he needed and wanted in the world.
“Charlotte and I… It wouldn’t be-”
“After dinner Frau Hogan would like a word with you about the schedule for the remaining week.”
“To plan my lesson for the day. I think the children could use a brush up on the history of Bohemia and Moravia” he tossed irritably over his shoulder as he exited the cramped feeling kitchen.
“I was just wishing I had my notebook. Our monk has an interest in architecture,” among other things, Stefen thought with amusement, “and I thought I might sketch it for him.” And then, because she was staring at him with an odd expression, he leaned forward so that his lips just brushed her ear and murmured “And it’ll never be a hardship, excluding all others while waiting for you.”
Accepting Stefen’s proposal was the most sensible thing for her to do, but in all truthfulness Charlotte had never been the sort of woman to sacrifice for practicalities sake alone. She and Margrit had always had that in common. No matter how practical it was, she never would have sat there listening to Captain Rogers earnest but ultimately insulting proposition if she did not love him. While she had certainly not cared for him much in that particular moment, they’d shared enough previous ones to keep a flame kindled within her heart. It was not as easy as she would like, forgetting the first moment she’d ached for him. That night long ago when he’d been lost and alone in that ballroom, waiting for the crowd to part and some ray of light to return to him. She’d thought even then that she could save him, if fate would allow.
“Do you know what you're asking me to do?” Bucky finally asked.
“----you’re out. --- step in for him. Maybe you can do your job and monitor his DOSAGE!”
Tony had mentioned the strange event in his report, albeit casually, and he not been surprised by the continued silence from the abbey. Although Clinton showed up faithfully to check on Tony and collect his letters, Tony rarely received anything in the form of reply.
“There’s every reason.” Steve bit out. More reason than Sam could possibly know. “We’ve no idea when they’ll close the borders.”
Right.
“Artur- ” Steve began, six levels of exhaustion in the boy’s name. But Artur didn’t just look like his father, he had a stubborn streak to match.
Thank you from the bottom of my shriveled little heart for the encouraging comments the last few months. I cried tears of blood (but no, really I cried) when Ti sent me all your comments. The Marine Corps is a tough place and a kind word goes a long way. Knowing that Ti and I are able to share this world with you is a freaking delight.
Steve got up and forced one foot in front of the other. Again, and again and again. The cold never left his body, which was a blessing because it dulled everything else.
Tony ignored the dry quip.
“It was adequate,” he lied.
“Stevie, you look like hell.”
He was more relaxed than Tony had ever seen him as Bakhuizen played his violin for them while they ate, telling jokes and stories from their boyhood. Bakhuizen had an easy charm and a somewhat sharp wit that he seemed more than happy to poke Stefen with at any given opportunity and Tony found himself enjoying it.
It was a long moment, with Steve’s heart pounding loudly in his ears, before he realized that Bucky was agreeing, and it wasn’t until he asked if it was true that he could bring himself to believe it.
“Get away from me, I don’t like you! No one likes you!”
“Fuck! Open you bastard, I don’t need this!” Tony cursed, violently smacking the door and Péter jumped, eyes darting around nervously, halfway expecting Tony to be struck dead on the spot for talking that way in a big church. But all he saw was a lone figure sweeping down the covered path surrounding the cloister in billowing black robes like some sort of demon.
Through it all Charlotte was a charming presence on his arm. Her hand stayed clamped in Steve’s as if she were afraid he would disappear, but she was too good to let any of her anxiety show on her face. Indeed, anybody who spoke about her after this would only remember how her noble venetian heritage was on proud yet tasteful display in her best dress and the small bits of jewelry she’d meticulously chosen to adorn it. Baroness Charlotte Schrader was a flame walking through the room, drawing eyes and wistful sighs for an Austria that was quickly becoming a distant memory.
“I want to be a girl again.” Her small hands reached up to smooth away the moisture from his cheeks. Her lips were twisted in wry little smile, that defied the sadness in her eyes. “Besides, hoods have pockets and a knife is much easier to carry.” She rested her head back against his chest and Steve held onto her tightly like she was a raft. Somehow, she held his head above those waves. They bobbed together, drifting in the sea.
The captain blinked in surprise and shook his head, looking somewhat embarrassed as he said, “My schooling came pretty late in life, and even then… not a lot of time for Shakespeare. What’s so funny about them?”
“Stefen I hardly believed my eyes!” Steve’s eyes went a little wide with shock as the woman threw her arms around him, squeezing tightly. She seemed not to care that he was in uniform or that she’d all but abandoned her customer, a stout woman with graying hair clutching a covered basket (she looked nothing like Peggy).
“Steve, what is this?” he’d demanded, and something about his gobsmacked expression had pushed Steve over the line of horrified at Stark’s childishness to down right amused.
His injured arm had been wrapped tightly in fresh medical bandages and no blood looked to be seeping through. He probably needed stiches, but needle and thread hadn't been among their supplies.
Locked within the chest there was a worn satchel made of colorful silk, tied closed with string. There was a faint scent clinging to it that Tony couldn’t place, a perfume slowly fading but preserved within the tight confines of the chest. Inside the bag was a strange assortment of small gold coins, flattened thin with holes drilled near their tops. Tony ran his fingers over them, intrigued. They reminded him of countless pictures he’d seen drawn in books, of dancing gypsy girls decked out in glittering coins. Maybe there was some truth to those old conceptions, if Stefen had them. Or maybe it was just a rainy-day fund for all Tony knew.  Putting the mystery aside, he gently replaced the bag and continued on his search.
. Now that Péter was gone and never coming back.
God damn it! Tony cursed, heart thumping hard in his chest as he dove under after him. James had risked drowning right here in front of his father, in front of Tony’s very eyes and for what?! So that his brother would get in the damn water?
"Charlotte, if something were to happen to me… my children are not safe in Salzburg anymore.” Steve implored, tightening his grip on her hands in earnest. “They've gotta be safe, Charlotte. I trust you. There isn't anyone else I'd ask for help in this." She was looking worried now. Chewing her bottom lip. He scooted closer, adrenaline pushing him forward and he noticed that she leaned away. His intensity must be palpable.
What was he to do? Logic was the answer. He was German after all and an officer at that, logic was the only way to operate. If he followed the logic of the Führer it would surely mean the end of his family. Hitler wasn’t good for Germany, therefore he must be stopped.
Willamina set two steaming mugs of cider down before Péter and Sara who eagerly began to gulp at them as fast as the heat of the drink would allow. Tony thanked her when she handed him his because he wasn’t raised by wolves, or rather an army captain and a reprobate monk as the case might just be.
He ran a hand over the Alpha's arm and moved to cup his cheek, dragging Tony's furious gaze back to his face. "Hey. Just breathe for me. It happened 70 years ago. I left him very dead and I made him regret everything he tried to do," Steve promised lowly, eyes a fraction darker with the memory.  "I'm safe." Steve brushed the pad of his thumb over Tony's cheekbone gently. "Please don't be angry over this. He really isn't worth it."
"A quarter-million a year with full benefits and all incidentals covered," said Pepper.  "And normally he's not quite this bad. ...I'll see if Happy is willing to take them up, it's about two and a half hours away."
"Apple pie."
"You did."
"There was a meteor crash that left a sizeable meteorite with very high density," said JARVIS.
I did it. I should have called you."
. He let out a long breath. It felt good to remind himself.  He was not
Tony started to reassure Steve that he was already good, but he stopped.  That wasn't the right answer.  Steve wanted to be given a task to comply with.
, not to
The issue is when it it isn't their choice. But considering Jeff's position, I dare say his situation is."
Tony pressed against the window, practically climbing into Steve's lap.  "...look! McDonald's is serving Shamrock Shakes! Happy! Happy, pull in here, I need one..."
thought Tony hazily as someone kicked him in the ribs.  He'd fought against two guys in fucking mech suits and yet, here he was, getting turned into a pulp by a punch of pissy twenty-something omegas holding protest signs.  Funny, how life sometimes turned out.
"...I see.  I'm still interested, though.  How about we arrange to meet Tuesday for a scenting and if I like him, I'll fork over five hundred?" offered George.  "...as a donation," he added quickly. "For you to give to the school."
," giving Steve a wink.  "You, me, brunch, couch, TV... it's a perfect... what day is it?  Monday?  Tuesday?  It
His brow furrowed.  He obediently tore off the silver paper.  There was a box of Lucky Strikes. He looked up.
we taking him?" asked Phil quietly.
Tony was silently reassuring himself.  He'd had seventeen bullshit paternity suits; surely he had nothing to worry about.  He was already back to researching the Barnes brats.  According to public record, Barnes was, in fact, a grandfather.  Weird to think about that.  Steve and him, they had nothing to worry about; was Steve even fertile?  Doubtful.  They were surely fine.
Tony was panting softly; he nudged Steve's nose back.
He came up for air to keep arguing with Tony.  "Oh wow.
But Steve didn't glance down. Not yet. He held Tony's gaze like the captain he was, jaw set and expression determined even though his blue eyes were bright with mischief. He liked Tony's reaction- he liked that the Alpha could handle him. In whatever form Steve was presented.
"Steve's a stronger man than I," mused Tony.  JARVIS did not disagree with him.
Steve moved to place his hands on the bed, bending forward a little in the process, his ass in the air. He gave it a little wiggle as if to silently tell Tony to
"Okay," whispered Natasha, "we need to go lower and get someone with higher access.  We need to be quick because there's cameras everywhere and it's only a matter of time before they realize the base is compromised.  Stark, you disable their communications, but only after they're raised the alarm. If we do it before then, they'll catch on to--"
!  This is the lazy intern I was telling you about!  The one who thinks he’s gonna be a photojournalist but never gets me any damn pictures!  Move that light, will you?!"
He'd never felt more secure than he did when he was in Tony's arms.
He broke off as a waiter flitted over.  Clearly, the waiter had no clue who to address; in Alpha-only clubs, preference was usually given automatically in order of dominance with preference to bonded Alphas, but in mixed restaurants, omegas or beta women were taken care of first, then Alphas, ranking most to least dominant.  Was he supposed to address the dominant Alpha, the bonded Alpha, or the omega, who was also a Captain?
it.  Seeing Steve before the final test had given him a feeling of encouragement.
thinks."
"And you won't because
to eat ten of them.  There were flavors he'd never even seen before.  He tried to catch Tony's eye, to communicate silently that he wanted Tony to take some of the donuts on his behalf, but Banksy was commanding all of his attention.  Boswell looked tired as he nursed a coffee on the sofa, whereas Banksy was practically hyperactive.
"Should we hide them?" asked one.
"You left against doctor's orders, didn't you?"
Tony had procured a pad of graph paper within seconds of entering the lock exhibit and moments later was completely immersed in drawing the designs.  He wasn't an artist, like Steve, nor especially talented. Tony couldn't shade or produce a portrait. However, when it came to mechanical details, he was second to none.  Tony had been called a great programmer and a great electrical engineer and a great aerospace engineer, but staring at the simple details of locks from the 1800s, Tony began completely engrossed.  If he had not been born into the Stark family, he very easily could have become a regular car mechanic or a machinist. He liked to work with his hands, liked the hardware of things, and always seemed happiest when he was in the shop bolting something down or welding something to something else.  In the year they'd been together, Steve had watched Tony cheerfully disassemble various devices, from the dishwasher and coffee maker to entire cars in the garage, clearly enjoying seeing the interaction of the pieces.
"Dunno..." gasped Tony softly, arcing into Steve's mouth.  "Where do you want it?" He doubted he was going to last especially long if Steve insisted on pulling the whole length in and teasing his knot with his tongue.  "...oh, fuuuck... play with my balls... just a little... wanna finish inside you..."
less than six weeks ago."
Tony gave his hand a squeeze and they walked out of the alleyway together.  Tony felt like he was the perfect amount of tipsy: not slurring or stumbling, but definitely buzzed.
"Here.  Take my card," said Pierce, handing Steve a card.  His phone buzzed; he checked it, then looked up apologetically.  "Excuse me, gentlemen.  I have to take this."  He turned and walked off, jerking his head for Gideon to follow.
"We should talk to Richard and Rex sometime this weekend," added Tony.  "Do you think Richard and Gleason know each other? Did you hear, he mentioned him?  Plus, Rex might know Ty, they both probably have good information for us about Pine Hills and stuff."
Lila wobbled over to Steve suddenly and wrapped her arms around his leg, then began scaling him to sit in his lap.
"I was born ready," said Tony, grinning, squeezing Steve's hand a little tighter.  Outside, heads were already turning.  They were in a none-too-subtle Saleen S7 and there had been a shift in the flow of traffic toward the car.  "Let's go make some headlines?  ...where's Pepper?"
Steve had a guy on the floor; Natasha was holding a gun to another man's head.
Pepper sighed loudly.
When the camp came into sight Tony was surprised.  He had expected... well, he didn't know what he expected.  Everyone kept saying "camp" and so his brain had conjured up terrible images of low huts surrounded by barbed wire and guard towers.  However, Zephyr Hill looked for all the world like a parochial school. It was a single-story stone building that sat in the middle of a bucolic meadow.  There were tennis courts and a swimming pool. There was no fence. They drove up to the front; the driveway itself was paved and circular.
was fun!"  His voice was back to normal.
"You never asked," retorted Peggy.
"What the hell's that?" asked Tony, trying to recall.  He'd never heard of it. "Like, what, a predecessor of the AIM-4?"
Steve frowned. "What's happened?"
Tony frowned.  "So... so she just eats, sleeps, cries, and poops?"
"How can you not like kids? They're adorable," Steve said, holding Lila like it was second nature. He knew Tony didn't want children, and he was okay with that...but that didn't mean Steve couldn't secretly maybe get a little broody. Also, the fact that Clint managed to work for SHIELD and have kids, and a family...that was inspiring. But Tony didn't want children. So it didn't matter.
being force bonded like he'd done something terrible but, really... Bucky had been force bonded too. Steve had been forced into heat and Bucky was evidently not in control of his own actions. And he'd let Tony and everyone else blame Bucky all this time... just to make things easier. Steve swallowed, guilt settling heavily in his gut.
"Right!"
"Tony?"  Pepper put a hand on his shoulder.
"You got SHIELD's intercom records?  Seriously?" Steve asked, not even knowing how Tony could do that. He was more than a little impressed. The eavesdropping was forgotten almost immediately; this was more than Steve had
It was funny to see how huge Steve looked.  Tony had gotten so used to thinking of Steve as an omega that he often forgot how he looked in photos.  Appearances could be deceiving, but generally, Alphas were bigger, more muscled, than their counterparts; Steve looked
"Thanks, Nat."  The two women exchanged places; a moment later, Natasha was pushing Lila on the tire swing while swiping at Cooper, who was running around pelting her with snowballs.
"If we don't figure this out soon, a whole lot more people are going to die," said Sam.  "We're doing what we have to, to protect--"
"Tony! Oh my God," Steve reached back to grab Tony's legs to support him. "You-- you really need to warn me before you do that." Even with all Steve's strength, having Tony's body weight thrown at him almost knocked him over. And he didn't want to drop a very coked up Tony. Once he gathered himself he began to carry Tony upstairs, regretfully leaving the pizza out in the sun. "Yes, I spoke to Clint. Everything is fine. His brother is just... a sensitive topic for him." Steve hated lying about Clint's family. He hoped he felt like he could tell Tony someday.
