“What about him?” He asked.
His instinct took over, that man could
Fact. He moved. He took the shirt from Sherlock’s hands, they were icy cold and his hands then trailed up, on the soft and scarred man’s skin, lingering, tracing the scars on the man’s forearms before he finally carded his hands through his hair and Sherlock closed his eyes. He didn’t flinch (John would have probably gone crazy, in that moment, if it had happened), his smile didn’t change even while he said, “Don’t make this more difficult for you, John.”
"I always keep my promises." was the only thing the text said.
It was a big house, and he very much doubted it had been bought with the purpose of turning it into a paramilitary compound; in fact, he could see that adjustments had been made through the years to turn it into such a building. He did not have the legendary deductive skills Sherlock Holmes was famous for, but details were important in his job, they could make the difference between living or dying, therefore, he had noticed that some renovations were pretty recent, while parts of the original house still stood.
Sherlock blinked his eyes, he was – alive. He was on the pavement, plexiglass walls covering three sides except for the wall behind him. One side was obscured, he squinted his eyes noticing the pigmentation in the glass. It was possibly something controlled remotely.
Sherlock snorted and said, "Truly, Mycroft, I think that was quite clear."
He was about to add more, when one of the agents that had been outside got in, announcing that bomb disposal experts were on site and they were working on disarming the bomb.
He hadn't been given a deadline, not yet -- but he knew it was only a matter of time before they did. There was no hesitation in his gestures, nor did he feel any, when he finally entered Victor’s room.
How spectacularly wrong he had been.
Sherlock had told him that the American man had promised him a clue in case he survived. It had been a month since that day: Mary was dead and buried, they knew for sure that Catherine was both his daughter and that Mary had lied to him about the date of conception. Mary had looked giddy in the tape as she revealed the details.
And it hurt. It would always hurt. It hurt both of them and John hated that Jim Moriarty had still that power over them.
He kept silent as Harris and another agent -- not Drake, he hadn't been there when he had left Baker Street, escorted him inside the hospital. The only good thing about the men escorting him was that they were dealing with people on his behalf; he really didn't have either the time or the disposition to deal with idiots.
Facts had proved that he had survived perfectly well without Victor. Yet, he was sure, without any shadow of doubt, that were he to lose John he would not have such luck.
ETA: damn kindle...I'm writing this monster on it, typos still hide when I post chapters and then I have to correct them. So sorry!!!
There was blood on it, a lot of blood and Sherlock saw that her wrists had been cuffed to a chair with regular handcuffs. No duct tape for her, no warehouses, no messages left on walls with her own blood.
John nodded his head and got up from his chair, “I need to wash my hands.” He said.
She blinked. She had not expected
They didn't say a word on the way out. He felt like the world had tilted on its axis, because Sherlock had said that he didn't want to live in a world without him in it, because Herman Bennett had somehow threatened him and Sherlock had protected him, had kept him safe --- and he had new bruises to prove it.
He also knew that that was
Did she want the play by play of what had happened? She must have read the autopsy report because the way she had stepped back, held the gun and the position she was standing in was compatible with the wound to the back of the head of
And yet the man’s words, were sticking to him, somehow. As if they were true.
Sherlock's right hand twitched for a moment. He seriously considered asking the driver to pull over and get out of the car.
"I have been tortured and abused. Yes, I'm aware." Sherlock said and he was surprised when his tone wasn't dismissive or scathing. He was also surprised by how easily the words had come out of his mouth; without denial, without (shame) hesitation.
“Give him time.” He said.
“I – he needs space right now.” He replied.
Sherlock. He had – been to hell, as well. His past, the things that had made him the man he had – fuck, he might as well be honest with himself - fallen in love with out in the open, for everyone to see.
ETA to correct one glaringly obvious continiuty error. That's what happens when your memory is crap and all your notes are stolen from you. Sorry *hangs head in shame*, I will edit this monster when I finish it --- shouldn't be long now:)
The knowledge, the rage, the outrage, the tears – it would all come later. It would become new material for nightmares, for his breath catching in his throat, together with the new scars, with the new blood Sherlock had shed.
He was too busy thinking about a picture of two men kissing, clinging onto each other, just outside that room, without lies, pretences, blindness and alibis. He was too busy thinking that whoever had sent those pictures had fucked with Sherlock for the last time, because he would tear London apart, the whole world apart before he let them anyone hurt him again.
“I should have let them break her fingers – I …” William trailed.
It was remembering that Sherlock had allowed him to go to pieces and held him as he mourned the life he had so desperately wanted to have and the man he so desperately wanted to be.
John was exactly two steps behind Sherlock, while the consulting detective took his time examining the sheet of paper: he didn't read the note right away, he smelled it first, looked at it, examining it under the light of one of the large windows in the room, letting out an annoyed snort when Harris moved to stand next to him (and to be honest Lestrade was tempted to do the same).
Joan was fine. She sounded tired and in pain and her voice had still that drowsy quality to it due to painkillers; she had jokingly asked if he would still marry her if she developed an addiction to oxycodone. He hadn’t joked when he had said he would marry her anyway, that he wanted to get married as soon as he came back.
“You never meant for me to get out of this room, didn’t you?” John hissed.
She had loved her husband, but she loved holding his fate in her hands more. Did she know? Did she realise or did she still think it was all about
He had refused to hear from Victor, after --- but he had stood in front of John Watson on a Tarmac, knowing he would never see him again and he had wanted, no... he had
“So he risked his life for two years only to have a psychopath carving him up in Moriarty’s name?” John said and he felt bile rising up in his throat.
.” The man, the tallest of the two, the one clearly appointed to relay the message said.
And he hates this game, he should be in the hospital – or home, he should get some bloody sleep – but he is here, because he was sent pictures of us – and because he is Sherlock and he can’t be anywhere else but here.
He had forgot that he was more than the man who had willingly followed Herman Bennett in the basement. He was more than the body that had been Bennett's plaything for eight hours.
Greg was with Sherlock on official capacity, for a few follow up questions, despite the two statements, the pictures and the medical chart, despite the fact that they had Bennett in custody, and despite Mycroft’s involvement. It had been Greg who had wanted to talk to Sherlock alone and, once again, Sherlock had not objected. He rarely had objected to pretty much anything for the past couple of days, John thought.
“For what?” He asked. It took him a moment to understand what she was apologizing for  and when he did he shook his head, “There is no need to.” He said.
“What for?” Sherlock asked, “It's more of the same, isn’t it?”
The three men were larger than him, they were walking wastes of air, but they were also strong and, to use a colloquialism, trigger happy.
Another spasm. He had to swallow: perhaps it was psychosomatic, he thought for a moment. His scars had itched and throbbed and burned even if they were healing nicely, perhaps that was just – in his mind.
“The best. Although I suspect he will want it removed soon.” Mycroft replied.
He shivered when he felt the man’s breath against his skin, against his jaw, first, almost as if the man wanted to kiss him, he heard Sherlock’s voice, in the room, behind him. When had he got in?
And he would make him bleed, if it was the last thing he did in his life.
"When I went home, yesterday --- I realized something." John said.
Whatever it took.
John blinked his eyes owlishly. He had seen the envelope, too thick and too bloody large to contain just that note. He had seen the pictures in Bennett’s house, he had heard (but not really listened, because he hadn’t
“Why are you here?” William asked. “Is it about the note?”
name.
He was not, though. Herman Bennett might not have wanted to kill him, but the intent of those people was loud and clear:  they wanted to destroy him.
Sherlock had lost weight since the last time she has seen him, Molly thought when he got into the morgue, a few minutes after Janine's body was brought in.
There wasn't anything funny, though. Janine was still in the room, still dead and there were still a black box, a note and a writing on the wall with a promise of more to come (one down.... how many still to go?) –  and those people were good, the only thing he was sure about was that whatever was going on, whatever master plan those people had was
He was tired of playing, his left side hurt, his lungs burned, his shoulders and two fingers of his left hand throbbed. He decided that it was enough – he had the three men’s attention, he had to act
Besides, Victor had said the truth, again: no one had known about them from him. Yet he said, “That is not why I am here...”
Mycroft smiled, “Ah, yes.” He leveled John with one of the coldest gazes  he had ever seen Mycroft direct at another human being and said, “I would not have been interested.”
No. He surely had not missed those things, but the Kevlar vest he was wearing was familiar, and so was the gun he was holding in his hand. He had slipped into an easy rhythm right away, muscle memory doing a remarkable job, even if he did not know the other people part of the team, except Detective Inspector Lestrade (what the hell was he doing there anyway? He very much doubted Scotland Yard was in any way part of that operation. Was he there for personal reasons?) and the two agents who had been Sherlock’s protection detail  for the past few weeks.
He also sort of understood why Holmes couldn’t trust anyone at the moment: it still wasn’t clear how Sidirov’s records had disappeared, there could possibly be a breach in security and there hadn’t been enough time to investigate on that.
"We don't know. " The tall man lied,  "This? " The man continued,  gesturing at the space between them,  at the room,  "has been a long time in the making! "
“No, they won’t. I told you already: I’m not playing. Not by their rules. Not this time.” Sherlock said. And for a moment, John couldn’t help thinking about something Sherlock had said the night before faking his suicide: he had said he didn’t want to play that time too, but he had been already deep in his game with Moriarty.
The Watsons residence might have gone up in flames, but he had received the video feeds of the last minutes Sherlock had spent in that house without problems.
“No.” Mr. Neal replied, “I have some errands to run here. You are all doing a good job. I’m counting on you. Do not disappoint me.”
He knew Sherlock was looking at him; he knew that he felt responsible for Catherine, but for all they knew his daughter had never even been in that house. After all, it was not the place where Mary had given birth to his daughter.
The texts arrived at the same time, in the silence that had fallen in the room the four chirps sounded too loud. The first one who got a text was Molly, the second was Lestrade, then John and finally him.  They all exchanged glances and Sherlock wanted, again, to take John away, to have him brought to safety, kicking and screaming if necessary. He didn’t move. He didn’t say anything.
“Sir, with all due respect, if I were you I would lock up Sherlock and Mr. Watson  somewhere safe and I’d let spooks deal with it.” William said.
a talk about forgiveness and moving on?” Mary said. She was tilting her head on a side, and he frankly loathed the way she was addressing him – as if she was better than him, as if whatever he had done (he suspected – and he frankly didn’t
Now, hours later, after Sherlock had pointed out at the apple and the envelope; after John had called the two men outside and had texted Mycroft and Lestrade, after Sherlock had been moved into an even more private room, his old room checked throughout, after the envelope and the apple had been x-rayed and examined, and both Mycroft’s people and yarders had checked video surveillance and interrogated everyone in the hospital, they were in the hallway outside Sherlock’s new room.
Mary had pistol whipped him, he had been unconscious – and even though there were close he hadn’t been able to hear what they had said.
The only time I didn't believe you was when you told me you were a fake.
“Would it make a difference if I truly did?” He quipped.
“The name is William,” The man said, “and as I said, I’m fine.” Sherlock tilted his head on a side, observing the man in front of him. John knew that look, Sherlock was deducing William Moore, but he was refraining from talking. Or answering the man’s question, for that matter.
“We have conducted an extensive investigation and we are reasonably sure that the deletion of files was the result of a hacking attack, nonetheless this is something that requires a certain discretion, it is a matter not only of national security, but of trust, as well.” Mycroft said.
That was someone Sherlock knew. It had to be.
He had survived the fall. He had survived leaving the United Kingdom, he had survived the first trip which had brought him to Africa, he had survived chases, attempts at his life, torture. He had survived those 480 minutes in the hands of a serial killer clearly obsessed with him.
At minute 260, Herman Bennett had
might have sent him.
Sherlock didn’t reply at her words, for once he wisely chose to shut the fuck up. Not that it changed anything: she knew, she could see what was in his eyes, what he must have thought at the time.
It was a statement, and as it often happened, Sherlock was right. He had met the bastard; he had interrogated him, or at least asked questions – and Bennett had enjoyed taunting him about Sherlock, about what he had done to him, corroborating what Sherlock had told him and what he, himself, had seen.
He blinked, “Of course, why wouldn’t it be?”
Sherlock nodded; no snide retorts, not even an eye roll from the younger man and Greg took another step, shortening the distance toward the bed. Sherlock and John exchanged a glance, still apparently oblivious of the fact that they were holding hands, then John gave Sherlock a curt nod of his head (he didn’t squeeze Sherlock’s hand, he let the other man break the contact between them, Greg noticed) and got up from the bed, leaving the room a second later.
house. They said you would understand.”
As if it hadn’t been his idea, as if he hadn’t made it clear, time and again, how important it was for them not to meet in person. The thing about Mr. Neal was that he looked and sounded absolutely sincere: body language, the choice of words, the look in his eyes was impeccable. Mr. Neal’s words always made sense. People believed him, followed him -- trusted him.
John wanted to ask him how Molly was doing, how Mycroft was dealing with the aftermath of what had happened. He wanted to ask about Eurus.
The man who had shot Mary (part of him, a big part of him, was grieving and he truly couldn’t stop and think about what had happened) had said the names of people both Sherlock and him knew – people in their lives, people Sherlock had helped, former clients, his parents – and Sherlock had just blinked at the man’s words. He had asked, “And then what?” and John had wanted Sherlock to shut up, he had wanted to throw that bloody thing on the floor and stamp his foot on it to stop hearing and seeing. Touching Sherlock, stopping him from talking had given him balance, for a moment.
John pinched the bridge of his nose. God, he could not believe the words he had just said; and Sherlock – was right, for once, at being a dick to him. He deflated, resting his back against the chair. What had he just done?
He looked up and was not surprised when he saw that Sherlock was looking at him – and he did not think he had ever seen such a look in his eyes: so human, so naked and full of sentiment.
“I see,” Sherlock said.
“It has a name, more than one. Have you addressed what happened, at all?” The man asked.
Oh, she knew – she had known that for a very long time, she was
“Well, he is
. Mycroft Holmes and his magnificent plans; they were all logically soundproof, too bad they always included the people he loved being used as pawns, as commodities. John and he were still dealing with the consequences of one of his brother's plans.
“What have you done?” He asked.
And part of him couldn't blame him. He had gone and talked to the man who had tortured and abused him for hours a little more than a week before. He had not objected to that.
John thought that he was supposed to be with Sherlock because they didn’t have much time, but he wasn’t with him.
“How is Rosie?” Sherlock asked casually. He had been in the middle of sorting through his bookshelves; he saw a pile of charred volumes and one of the salvageable ones. The explosion had randomly spared some things and destroyed others. Just like life, he supposed.
, Mr. Holmes,” Harris said. He was loyal to Mycroft Holmes to a fault, just like Drake. They would do their part.
“That’s not what I meant and you know that!” John said – but was Sherlock wrong, really? He hadn’t meant what Sherlock had inferred from his words, but wasn’t that the truth? Hadn’t he just thought that they had all been tiptoeing around Sherlock?
She was – perfect. He had had doubts during Mary’s pregnancy, he had wondered whether there was even a baby, at first, and then he had wondered whether the baby was his, but there were no doubts looking at her that she was his daughter. She reminded him of Harry – and himself, he recognised that perfect face as if he had seen it a million times before.
He wanted to tell Sherlock that he wished he could understand what the fuck was going on inside his mind, because when he shut him out like that, bad things happened. Bloody things. Things that tore both of them apart.
“Do you believe her?” He asked. Michael was a good judge of character and he wouldn’t have spoken to the woman if he thought she could not be trusted.
Bypass the code or blowing up the door, either way, they were getting in.
Each and every threat.
He did not reply to his brother’s words. What was he supposed to tell him anyway? He might not have the heart of a dragon slayer or a pirate, but he did have one – and bringing him out from that dungeon in Serbia had been the only choice he had. He had used the perfect excuse too: a potential terrorist attack to London, but hadn’t it been there, he would have created one himself.
What he was not sure about was whether Mary herself had fed information to Magnussen or not.  Had she worked for him or had she used both of them?
"What was that?" John asked.
They were on their way to the A&E, driven by the agents assigned to protect them. He knew John was looking at him. He was worried, he was angry (because William Moore was still used to obey orders and had done as asked, therefore John
No, she wanted it to last, but why was she  still stalling? If he knew his brother, and he did, better than anyone, he must have found him – it wouldn’t be long and that was not childish, wishful thinking, not any longer – he could see the same awareness in Mary and that was something he couldn’t figure out. She should make the most of the time she had left: make him open the other boxes, hurt him, reach the climax of her game –
“He didn’t ask me to stay.” John replied and he tried to keep his voice even, he was trying hard not to seethe with rage, because every time Mary said Sherlock’s name he saw red blooming on a white, crisp shirt, an angry, red, bullet wound on pale skin, Sherlock being so weak that he literally couldn’t raise his head from the pillow and had to be helped.
John was looking at him, he knew that even though he was looking straight ahead of him, and why were they still in that bathroom anyway?
The parts in Italics in the last paragraph are what happened *after* the last scene. Sorry if it's confusing:)
Even those memories (1th February of 2010: John had made tea and sighed at the eyeballs still in the microwave, but hadn’t otherwise commented), the good ones with John needed to be kept under a tight lid. It was paramount. It was what would save John.
He didn’t speak, at first. He didn’t ask any questions, he didn’t need to. He was perfectly aware of where he was, he was aware that what he was seeing was part of himself and there was no time to care.
Together. He could do that.
And then
It was weird, before meeting him he had thought Sherlock Holmes was a bastard, a psychopath, a big pain in the arse for whatever civil servant who had the misfortune of having to deal with him. He had heard stories about him, about both Holmes brothers, but Sherlock had -- kept his word. He had promised him he would find Joan,  only asking him to keep an eye on his doctor while he was away. He had been -
He had killed, in Chicago. He had had to.
John didn't ask him what the ciphered words in the text meant.
Mr. Neal said, “You are absolutely right. Let’s talk shop!”
“What was he questioned for?” She asked.
He wasn’t even looking at him. Neither did Mary for a few moments, when she did, her smile became sugary sweet, and her voice was soft when she said, “Is that the best I can do? No. It truly isn’t.”
too late.), but he had to concede that Mycroft was right; it could be used to gain answers, even scraps of information could and would help him to find John and his daughter –  and would give Mycroft tools to eradicate the newest menace, not that he cared about that or about his brother’s problems.
“Nope.” John said with a tone that implied it was not up to debate.
He had been in Mycroft Holmes’ bunker a couple of times before, both times because of Sherlock. The first time had been shortly after Sherlock had overdosed, a few months after he had started popping up on his crime scenes, causing havoc and being a brilliant bugger who solved crimes within minutes and reduced his co-workers to either tears or fits of rage.
The night he had first met Mycroft Holmes, the man had candidly admitted that he worried about his brother, constantly.  At the time, he hadn’t known either man, he hadn’t known how true those words were. He thought, for a moment, that if he had only stopped and thought, three years before, he would have never really believed that Mycroft could betray his own brother.
, that their bodies were impossibly close and that Sherlock's bedroom, in a short few days, had become
against the rest of the world. He felt lightheaded, humbled, at peace for the first time in days.
It didn't matter, it didn't change the facts –  and those were the only things that mattered. But, yes, for the sake of accuracy, he probably had been, even if the realization had come later.
And he had no clue about what to do. He was peripherally aware of the fact that Victor found him physically attractive, but he had been good at ignoring the signs until then. Part of him was starting to wonder why was he exhausting his energies, why wasn't he -- giving in.
The kid Sherlock had been when they had met would not have tolerated his older brother’s overbearing presence, Sherlock was barely paying any attention to the two men who had become his shadow for the past ten days, Mycroft’s men. He had only ditched them when he had had to save Joan Adams … and protect John.
She wanted to apologize for lying to him about helping Sherlock with faking his suicide.
And  Mycroft had – expected all of that. He had warned him, with brief, cruel words.  And if he hadn’t seen, with his own eyes, if he hadn’t felt how much what had been done to Sherlock for the past few weeks had hurt Mycroft, to the core, he would have been tempted to think that he was the one behind everything.
“You also know John.” Sherlock said, his tone matter of fact, “Should I go on or can you infer the rest?”
loyal to Sherlock Holmes – and so was Molly – and about him, well... he would die for the bastard, no questions asked.
“John –“ He trailed.
“Good.” She said, “Don’t be stupid, then.”
He had not said a word while he had said he would kill himself, he had heard his sharp intake of breath, however and now sounded shaken – but, oh – the way he had said those words, the sentiment he could hear in them told Sherlock that the child was now more than a theoretical concept for John, she was more than a picture on a mobile phone.
He looked again at the picture of John's daughter.  He had vowed that he would be there for her the night of john's wedding.  He had failed Mary – he had failed John, he would not do the same to that child.
He saw again his brother sitting on the bed, watch a video on John’s mobile phone; he saw how sentiment gave him resolve, willingness to carry on. The night he had first seen Sherlock and John together he had told Anthea that John might be the making of his brother or he could make him worse than ever.
“Mr. Holmes,” Harris said, “are you all right?”
All he knew was that he had questions and he
Also, Phillip Anderson had never trusted Mary, apparently. He had had no idea.
But it had been after Istanbul, after dingy rooms that smelled of stale beer and weed and after Chicago and Mexico and dozens of big and small cities around the globe.
“All lives end, all hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage.” He said aloud to the empty room.
that man, he loved the feeling of his hands on his body.
” Sherlock added.
he could see it so clearly: John Watson was in love with him, he truly, properly was. He deduced it the same way he deduced crimes and murders. Except that the high that came with that deduction was the best he had ever felt.
It didn’t even matter that he had told Mycroft that Sherlock didn’t want him anywhere near Bennett during the interrogation. It was different. Time didn’t slow down, even though he felt like he was still stuck in his nightmare, he felt high strung, his skin itched and he missed his gun, the comforting weight of it. He still remembered that place.
“What is it?” He asked.
It had been a long day – and it still wasn’t over.
Molly shrugged, and nudged him while they were walking and said, “Someone told me you hid your smile behind your hand.”
I wrote this chapter about a hundred times, in the end - my muse came up with this :)
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Sherlock exclaimed and he took his face in his hands, forcing him to look, really look at him, “I told you: it is not what you think!”
Moving, getting into that room, had helped him focus – seeing that man touch John  had cleared up the fog his mind. It was ironic how he should be thankful to that man for shaking him from a bone-deep numbness he had not been able to tear apart on his own.
“I used to blame you for this. For everything, actually.” Victor said, after a moment of silence. And part of him wanted to leave that room, talking to Victor about a relationship failed decades before would not save John, it would not help find him and yet he couldn’t move a muscle.
“My brother, John, Mr. Moore and Detective Inspector Lestrade will stay here in London; there is much to do, data to examine and analyse,” He said looking at William, “criminal activity to monitor,” He continued while looking at Lestrade, “and people apprehended on the breaking point, who only need a little push to talk.”
John, the John in his mind, said. Brilliant as always,
true, after all.
He was at Baker Street, surrounded by people: trained agents who were shielding him, Mycroft talking, saying things he couldn’t care less about. He could smell his own blood, he could smell those men: soaps, shampoos, skin –
Herman Bennett might be good with a razor, he might be a psychopath, but he was not stupid.
“I understand.” Sherlock repeated, “it’s logical. It’s –“ He tilted his head on a side and said, “it’s your daughter.” He looked at his shirt for a moment, he seemed to contemplate the patterns of blood on it while he asked, “What does Mycroft know?”
The way she was holding the gun, her stance – it was familiar. It was not like he had truly seen her for the first time, in Magnussen’s bedroom: she had been confident, then – she had been a professional (she had also been waiting for him, he finally,
John blinked, so Greg knew that already? Had he known when they had talked a few hours before?
“Sherlock hates to point out the obvious.” John said icily. They knew what happened, they didn’t need to say the words. It’d be redundant . And if it wasn’t healthy, he couldn’t bring himself to care. Not at that point.
He was used to taking things in stride as far as Sherlock was concerned, he had long learned that it was the only way to keep himself sane – but that didn’t make any sense! Mary had fooled them all, but they were
It was personal – for all of them.
Seventeen steps – a battlefield, a decade of miscommunication and unspoken words and blindness. He held tighter the package in his hand and swallowed as he stopped in front of the door.
He – he already was.
he decided that losing a child was a small loss in the big scheme of things if she became a bargaining chip.
No, he decided seeing the way John's was carrying himself: fear and heartbreak and resolve all rolled into one.
He retrieved the other items from the chair and left the bedroom. When he came back, he was naked.
“I just talked to Sherlock!” Greg exclaimed.
She liked that. She liked to have power over them. It might have started as revenge, but it had become more for her. He wondered whether she realised that and what the American man thought of that particular part of the scheme.
He was stronger than her, but she was better trained and more lucid than him, she might have a personal reason for doing what she had done, but she was far more rational than he was. She was probably completely aware of her surroundings, of each sound and image whereas he could not focus on anything: it was all a haze, a reddish haze making his pulse throb, the bile in his throat fighting to come up, he couldn’t even feel pain and the only sounds he could hear, the only thing he could feel was Mary’s breath, her soft cries of pain, the texture of her clothes.
“I suppose the black box is a message in itself,” John said. There was coldness in his voice, resolve in his eyes – and something else he could not identify; John still wasn’t looking at him and for the first time since they had met he was actively trying to hide something from him. He would think later that it had been obvious, that he should have seen and understand – but he didn’t.
Not that sleeping would have been high on his list of priorities anyway, not with so many things still to do. The good thing about Mycroft Holmes deciding to take over the investigation was that he wouldn’t have to deal with the bloody paperwork. He knew, from experience, that he would be given reports and statements to sign and, for once, he was glad to comply.
But that was just a small part of him, because it was John touching him, it was his warm hands against his skin (not desperately trying to find a pulse, not helping him dress, like before he had left the hospital the previous morning), his eyes were still too bright and big, and it was just them, in their sitting room, sharing breathing space and painful words and yet it was good, It was more than good; he needed that closeness, that warmth, they both did.
“Sherlock won’t let me go. They won’t let me go.” John said. But Drake and Harris were nowhere near him, now, they were blocking Sherlock’s visual, “my daughter –“
They were stuck in a rut of traumas, unspoken fears and complicated things (feelings), but he
are in love with me.” John said, not even caring about how strongly Sherlock was gripping his wrist now.
They were just words. He wasn’t dead: he could feel his own skin, the blood flowing into his veins, his heart beating, he distinctly heard the noise of the door being open, he knew there were at least three people who had observed what had taken place inside that room, he knew the cameras had been turned off, he knew the room had been cleaned just a few hours earlier, with bleach and a lemon scented detergent.
John grabbed his arm, his hold was painfully tight. He stopped him before he could say more, before he could ask what would they do with him. It was obvious, after all, but there was Mary to think about.
"Oh, blow me, Holmes!" Victor had said, laughing (never at him, always
“And you deserve so much more than this–“ John trailed, “you can have –“
He didn’t move for a moment. He had done all he could to shut the doors in his mind palace, to sweep back and contain the toxic content that had spilled out of the rooms in the dungeons. The doors were tightly shut, and yet he feared that moving would create another schism in his mind palace.
Moriarty nodded, “Hence all the bodies you piled up – you really should have died that day, I told you it would have been easier.”
It was their bodies pressed flush against each other’s and he genuinely didn’t give a fuck about what people might say, they had earned that – Sherlock’s hands carding through his hair, his own cupping the back of the man’s neck, and it could not delete the past. There were words to say, there were facts they would have to deal with: people to mourn, pieces of their lives they had to put back together, grief to face instead of burying it deep down.
No. Sherlock was promising him the one thing he wanted, needed.
The problem was that Herman Bennett couldn't just disappear or have some tragic accident while in prison; there would be a trial, there were victims’ relatives and loved ones who wanted justice, who wanted answers.
There was no exit wound, he would have heard or seen the bullet in that case. She was right: it
Words; those they had said, the painful ones they had exchanged for the past two weeks, the ones still unsaid, all the logical reasons why they should not be that close, why their lips should not brush against each other’s ceased to matter.
"Not now, John." He said.
“They didn’t kill her.” Anderson said. There was genuine disbelief in his voice – and it only echoed what she was feeling, what Greg must have felt before he called her.
He didn’t fight the two men, his mind was putting together all the evidence, piece after piece.
She was the woman who used to make him laugh until his sides hurt, who had put him back together when he had started to think that, without Sherlock, there was no point in even bothering to do more than existing.
God, why were they having
He waited for Sherlock to leave Scotland Yard; he knew that his brother would not let his anger cloud his judgement, but there were things Sherlock didn’t need to know, there were places whose existence Sherlock could not be privy of.
John had forgiven him – he truly had.
Sherlock's hands trailed up and cupped his face. And God, he
Of course, Joan would agree. She did not know what she was dealing with. She felt she had a debt of gratitude toward Sherlock – even if she had his name carved all over her body. She had agreed because she was a good person and she wanted to help – she wanted justice for what had been done to her. She wanted to understand. She really had no idea about the game and what it meant to be part of it: justice and understanding why fucked up things happened was
Mycroft’s men still hadn’t got in the room (it was a cellar, it smelled like one: mould and bleach and fresh paint and mortar.), but it hardly mattered.
And it did not matter, in the least, that their bed sharing had stopped being platonic only very recently. Mary had kept sleeping on her side of the bed, he deduced: there was a book on her night table, a box of kleened, the tv remote and nothing else.
It was sorting through pictures in his laptop and coming across snapshots of his life with Sherlock, realizing that he did not actually remember what his life before meeting that infuriatingly brilliant man used to be like.
Mr. Neal knew that. He might not know everything about her past (there was no one left who knew, not any longer.), but he knew about Alex. He was the only person she didn’t have to pretend with, he was the only person she didn’t have to wear a mask with. It was refreshing, in a way. She knew Mr. Neal didn’t care about her loss (why would he?), she  had no idea whether there was a personal agenda as well behind his plan. She didn’t particularly care.
There were bad moments. Of course, there were. There
He was at the door when the tall man said, “Aren’t you?”
“Perhaps, I might have fabricated part of those memories, it’s my job to put the pieces of the puzzle in order.” He said, but even Lestrade would spot that lie.
And John would never, ever forget the look of mistrust that, for a moment, passed in Sherlock’s eyes. He supposed, after everything that had happened between them, he deserved it.
They were not part of her protection detail. They were not there to protect her, they did not care that she was pregnant. They would not hesitate to kill her given the chance.
but that had been before he had started to study Mary Watson's file and the notes about her from Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes and, he suspected, a lot of agencies spread all over the world.
only because of the baby."
They were not cuddling. They were – hanging to each other, he realised. He placed a kiss (he could do that, he could kiss Sherlock, he could hold him – it was real, it had been real for years, it had just taken him too bloody long to realise that) on the first patch of skin he could reach with his lips (Sherlock’s forearm, he noted) and said, “Yep.”
with the words Sherlock and he had exchanged in that cab and that short, scorching kiss they had shared before things had gone so spectacularly wrong.
He wasn’t sure he would have cared in any circumstance. Perhaps what he felt for John was actually making him more sympathetic than he would have otherwise been.
Sherlock – who was letting her hide her face against his skin, who had given her his coat and was keeping one hand on her knee, in a comforting gesture. Sherlock tilted his head up, glossing over him and acknowledging Greg with a nod of his head. He whispered something in Joan’s ear and he saw the woman nodding her head, but making no attempt to move away from Sherlock.
John had seen the wounds Bennett had carved on Sherlock. He had been there, in the same room with Sherlock, as other doctors stitched him up. He had read the medical charts -- and yet the sight of fresh bruises on Sherlock almost did him in, that time.
He pretended to sleep.
She cast a glance at Sidorov’s body on the floor; Mr Neal would not be happy about it, but she didn’t care. In the end, she knew that there was only one thing Mr Neal cared about: not to be found out, and there was only one thing left for her and luckily for the American man the two things matched, therefore he would accept the loss of one man because it would ensure that they both got what they wanted.
She was stalling for more than a reason, he deduced; he was aware of the images on the tv screen, of John’s daughter still peacefully sleeping – and there was still something eluding him, something he couldn’t quite grasp about what he was seeing. It was like watching Mary being executed, again. He knew there was a trick in there somewhere, he just didn’t have the time to understand the specifics.
“You could have ended this months ago,” Mary said, cocking her gun.
Mary nodded her head – despite everything there was still perfect understanding between them: if Moriarty had somehow been the darkest part of himself, the living cautionary tale of what he might have been had things been different, Mary embodied – the lies he told, the people he had deceived, the countless hours spent running, squatting away in bleak rooms or cargo ships, the people he had had to kill while being away.
he thought, when Sherlock opened his eyes and looked at him and John's hand tightened on his book, the momentary panic at the idea that Sherlock could deduce he had been crying, that he had splashed his face with cold water, after, and had felt short of breath for a moment when he had seen the broken mirror on the wall eclipsed when Sherlock actually looked at him, and John could see it now; it was the same look he had seen in the photographs: naked and filled with
Sherlock had – suffered and killed and had come back home a changed man, that was what Mycroft meant, thus confirming all his hypothesis and inferences.
– and dangerous. Very dangerous.
“How would you know?” Sherlock hissed, noticing the flash of  something (hurt?) in his brother’s eyes.
She just had no idea how worse they would get.
It had been since he had set foot in it, with Sherlock, on a January day, what it felt like a lifetime before. He was trying to observe, to see the things he had missed – trying to understand how it had all come crashing down when Sherlock had smashed his fist against the mirror in the bathroom a few days before.
He had dealt with terrorists, criminals, dictators, secret services operatives for most of his adult life and he had always been able to get what he wanted, to understand, to anticipate their moves. He honestly could not tell what Mary wanted.
She had chosen to focus on the activity in the bunker, on the fact that Anderson had looked terrified when he had been ushered in  the room.
the game he had been called to play that day.
Light and darkness were swirling around him. He could feel them, coiling and uncoiling around him like silk and iron. He could see stars above him, through the huge cracks in the ceiling. The cracks had not always been there, of course; they were the result of  the chasm that had shaken the core of his mind palace, it had shaken it to its foundations and he was now assessing the damage.
He closed the folder on his legs and placed the medical chart on it. He didn’t talk. He didn’t make any scathing comment on Mycroft and his overbearing presence and his nosiness. Sherlock complaining about Mycroft and their ever ending childish feud was one constant of their lives; the two siblings fought (Sherlock did, mostly.), they tried to outsmart each other, but they worked together, understanding each other in ways no one else could. To see Sherlock so accepting of Mycroft’s interference was terrifying.
“Right – “Mary said.
wrong.
If that had been a normal case they would be following leads prompted by one of Sherlock's deductions  by now, but Sherlock had done nothing, except for texting. He had  left Greg with Molly at the morgue and had said he wanted to leave. He hadn’t commented on the video, he hadn’t deduced a single thing about the images he had seen, not aloud, at least – and Greg had not asked.
“Scotland Yard will be in touch very soon –“ Sherlock replied.
“Mary was eight months pregnant – they will have needed to stimulate her labor and of an incubator, an obstetrician too.”
“Listen to me…” John said. He touched him, moving slowly as if to warn him, and Sherlock wanted to grab John, he wanted to show him that he was not afraid, that he wasn’t going to shatter (it had happened long before the basement, it had happened on a rooftop and he was starting to see it now, and why wasn’t John kissing him? Why weren’t they in each other’s arms?) but couldn’t say anything, so he nodded his head, instead.
For a moment all Sherlock could see was Lestrade getting into that room, in the basement; he was the first one who entered the room. He remembered, more clearly than he had for weeks, the look in the man’s eyes as he shot Herman Bennett, how he had unchained him, without saying a word, keeping his eyes fixed on his face. He blinked his eyes and focused on the present, on that room, on the mobile phone he was holding in his hands.
He nodded at Sherlock, who then looked at his brother, for the first time since they had got in the room and said, “Consider me part of your
sacrifice him.
“You never cease to amaze me, John…” Sherlock said, and there was amusement in his voice.
And they were home, at last.
in his eyes. He looked
he had not wanted to, because it had been hard enough to pretend he could live without Sherlock, talking about the things of his nightmares would have made it impossible. And Greg had been a friend, he had made him smile, even if those smiles had been fake, even if he always ended up drinking himself to sleep whenever he got home after a night at the pubs with Greg.
“I know we don’t have much time and you talking and asking things won’t change a thing –“ Mary said. She stepped closer to the glass and her voice dropped, she spoke in Serbian and said, “I’ve been torturing you for years, Sherlock, in any way I could. Big brother couldn't help you then, and cannot help you now!”
(to get his attention, his mind  hastily amended) he didn't want that particular tactic to be repeated if at all possible. The past few years had had already too many dead because of Jim Moriarty and his name.
The doctor shook his head, “I know.”
,” John heard the disgust in Sherlock’s words. He opened his eyes and said, “I know.”
. John blinked his eyes, he felt it, even before it actually happened. He moved, as quickly as he could, especially when he heard the soft, almost muffled noise coming from Herman Bennett’s mouth.
When had Sherlock started to think that being a martyr for him was a good idea? Why was it so easy for him to accept and approve the idea that he would ever trade his life for his daughter’s? Why wasn’t he angry at the thought that he would ever betray him?
He would not have been surprised had he known how similar his thoughts were to John’s: he was tired of seeing Sherlock’s blood. He truly was. His brother had bled enough because of the woman in front of him. That had been the last time.
He nodded. Oxygen deprivation was – as tiresome and fastidious as he remembered.
“You followed me. You let me chain you – did you want it, Sherlock?”
At the time he had thought it would be over soon, that he would simply lead Lestrade and his men to Mr. Bennett’s primary bolt hole, the one where he had tortured and killed his victims. Even after he had frozen when the green-eyed man had said the exact same words Jim Moriarty had said on Bart’s rooftop,  he had still believed that things would go smoothly. He had forgotten that he had smashed his hand against the mirror in his bathroom, how he had spent the night staring at the ceiling, after. He had forgotten how he had underestimated Magnussen and how dearly it had cost him.
"You said I ought to change the way I played the game -- that it's exactly what I am doing!" Sherlock said. He hadn't looked at John, but he was clearly talking to him.
It was not about being merciful, it was not about John, Mycroft, Mary’s husband or even the American man.
God, he knew, now. He knew what Sherlock must have felt when he decided to fake his suicide. He had known the risks, he had known that it was wrong, that it would hurt him if and when he knew the truth, but he had gone ahead anyway with his plan, because – because he had felt that it was the right thing to do, regardless of the consequences.
A/N: I can’t believe I finished this. It took me forever, and I apologise for the sporadic updates, for any grammar mistake you might find.
“She shot me once, it would be redundant, don’t you think?” Sherlock asked.
She would not utter sounds, she would not shed any tear. Mary Morstan cried, Mary Morstan lived in the suburbs and wore fluffy robes...but she was
“There is
"Hence, plan B which, need I remind you, was not to shoot that
She remembered the night Sherlock had come back; she would always remember the look in John’s eyes when he realised that the waiter with the French accent was the man he had mourned for two years. She had seen him mourn for a long time. She had heard him when he thought she was asleep – and for a moment, a tiny moment, she had felt pity for him, for his heartbreak: it was genuine, it was a deep wound that she had only partially cured.
He didn’t care. He couldn’t.
Truth was that he had been flagger basted when Sherlock had stopped Bennett from killing Alyce Bradford under their eyes by offering himself up as a hostage. It had all happened in a matter of seconds and Greg suspected that those moments would come up and haunt his dreams for the foreseeable future.
No one who looked at the man impeccably dressed in his designer clothes, wearing an outrageously priced coat would imagine about the times he had had sex in back alleys, bathroom stalls, dingy rooms with men (and a couple of women as well) whose names  he didn't even bother to learn most of the times.
“No, you are not. And neither is the man I talked to. Is he your boss or is it the other way around?” Sherlock said.
John thought, but didn’t say anything, he helped him sit, he would have to wear his bloodied clothes until they went back to Baker Street – he had no idea what would happen once they got there. They had ordered him to go back with Sherlock to Baker Street and wait; he had sent a text, immediately after, asking for proof that his daughter was still alive. The text had bounced back.
He really should have watched that video right away – but he, too,  had been distracted.
That moment had played itself out in thousands of different ways in her mind: but it usually featured Sherlock on his knees, with the barrel of a gun pressed against the back of his head, after she was done being creative with him.
Mary was angry, she had been remarkably calm – hell, she had been cold and calculating for years: she had fooled them all, even after she shot Sherlock, but now that explosives were being used and he was pretty sure he was hearing voices, now that it was almost over – she was angry.
He had not met Moriarty. He had started with cocaine.
John had not said anything, but he did not need to look at him, to hear him talk to know that he wanted him to turn. He knew John Watson, after all.
Well, at least his suspicions were confirmed. It was Irene Adler indeed. He had read about her, about a few political scandals involving her, but - last he had heard she had been killed.
Always John; since the very first time they had met, the man currently on his knees had been the centre of Sherlock Holmes’ life: his pressure point, his weakness. It had not been a surprise, it had been – almost satisfying to exploit that fact, to play, but both men were right; killing them, even by prolonging the act as much as she could, would not bring Alex back.
“I knew that they had not checked the car, the driver was a moron – your husband did not have the chance to, he had been inside the building with me. He was supposed to intervene if things got out of hand.” He said.
And Sherlock was not moving, but he didn’t seem worried; he was in control: completely and fully. And Mary did not expect that.
Mary wasn’t scared because if there was one thing he was truly sure about Mary – the  Emily or whatever he name was, was that she was not scared at the moment. She didn’t even look resigned, she looked like it wasn’t the first time she had a gun pointed at her head and she didn’t care whether it would be the last.
He put his glasses on and took his mobile phone from his jeans’ pockets. The woman was looking at him, drinking coffee, cocking a delicate eyebrow at him. He doubted she had got any sleep, but she didn’t look tired, he doubted she had slept while he kipped on the bed.
Sherlock always chose his words carefully, and – God, he supposed he should be more worried because Mary had a gun, a knife and they were trapped, instead he was proud and felt adrenaline rushing in his veins.
Sherlock was looking at him, he could feel it, with every fiber of his being, and his body physically ached with the need to see him and the fear of
"...look how you bleed pretty, red on white, your skin is soft, Sherlock; he told me about it. He told me so much about you."
She wasn't, she really wasn't. That was one of the reasons for John's anger and for the way Sherlock was not moving in his chair. She had been informed by John of the threat and she had taken it in stride; it was clear that she was used to operating on a need to know basis.
what she had expected and  she chastised herself because that was an amateur’s mistake. She should and did know better: some of the best people she had ever met on the job looked absolutely harmless. That was why she had never got on the Jim Moriarty’s wagon, even before she met Alex: Jim Moriarty had been young, a genius, he had been charismatic,  but he had also been a complete nutjob, a man no professional who had a shred of self-preservation could
He looked at the woman, trying to smile reassuringly, but he doubted she noticed. What she noticed, right away, what was impossible to ignore, was William Moore’s voice: it echoed in the warehouse, and Joan came alive the moment she heard William calling her name; it tore through the haze of shock (she would probably be in a lot of pain very soon), and she started, looking around. John exchanged a glance with the paramedics, and together they worked quickly on Joan, who was straining to hear William, she clearly wanted to cry his name, but apparently she couldn’t.
The two men were still calm and he understood now, with perfect clarity, their previous behaviour. How he had not seen that they had felt sure with the knowledge that they would soon have leverage? How he had not understood what was taking place?
Mycroft smiled. It would be futile to try and reason with Sherlock. It would be frankly ridiculous to warn him about caring at that point. It was too late. Sometimes he wished John Watson had been a different man: one who’d have taken the money he had offered him, who’d get scared of Sherlock and run away, like others had done before.
He took a few steps in the room: the rack was still there (why?), it had not been cleaned, it had been merely scraped to obtain dna and skin samples, not that it would have made any difference since they had caught Mr. Bennett red handed – and it was a nice euphemism for what had been about to happen, for what had already happened.
“It’s your mother’s name, isn’t it?” He had asked. He had been pale, sitting at his bedside, at the hospital, wearing scrubs himself and there was an IV with blood and God knew what else at his side.
The worst thing, the inconceivable, unforgivable thing was that, for a short while,
He did not try, not even once, to protect himself, however. He was taking full responsibility for something that was not, had never been, his fault.
"His name is Victor Trevor,"  Sherlock said, but Molly couldn't stop looking at John, especially when Sherlock added, "We used to be close."
“Are they watching us?” Molly asked.
a waste of time, nevertheless, he had to watch the video again.
He did not move, he could not. Not in that room, not when he was positive that he was being observed, that they wanted to see him crumble down and be at his weakest. It would kill John.
Not surprisingly, Kitty Riley had been one of the journalists who had latched on that story and on those crimes like white on rice, wisely neglecting to mention Sherlock in her articles, except that in passing.
information, then. They didn’t know where John and the baby were, though – whoever was at the top wouldn’t take such a risk.
There, he had said the name, in their sitting room, the name of a man whose existence he had ignored until a few hours before. Sherlock placed his cup of tea on the small coffee table next to him and said, “What about him?”
The scars on his chest were throbbing, now. Sherlock didn't move. He focused on the faces he was seeing in the folder.
Again lies within truths. Nothing of what she had just said was false, per se, but Sherlock still thought that she was lying, that she was just giving a convincing performance, for John, mostly.
“Of course not, but how –” John trailed.
included dealing with Mary, baby or not; it meant the
She was in the garden, now: her long brown hair pulled in a bun, her gaze, those big, brown eyes that had made him want her since the very first time they had met was completely focused on the baby.
"I have terms as well." Sherlock said, "John is not to enter Bennett's house later when I'm going. He is not to read anything about it, no statements, no forensics. I would appreciate it if you kept him otherwise engaged when I visit Bennett."
He had said something similar on New Year's day, before he boarded the plane.
He had thought, at first, that choosing Mr. Moore had been an oversight – that it logically didn’t make sense to target a recently retired MI6 field agent. He had thought it to be a hazard, a useless risk on those people’s part – especially after it had become clear that neither Mr. Moore or Ms. Adams had ever crossed paths with Sherlock, Jim Moriarty or him.
He felt like he had spent ages abroad and on an airplane. He was on the same tarmac from which he had departed. The last sleep he had got had been in that motel room, in Virginia, while Irene Adler kept working, he had not even kipped on the way back to London.
“What is he saying?” Lestrade asked, but Sherlock ignored him. Did John know Russian? Why wasn’t he talking?
Mary was not interested in clever games, hence the lack of finesse and intellectual challenge in the messages he had been sent. She was not stupid, however, she was clever and extremely motivated.
"Of course," Greg said, handing him the sheet of paper already bagged as evidence. He was relieved not to have it in the pocket of his coat any longer.
Fact. He was Sherlock’s pressure point.
terms. It meant fighting dirty, breaking laws, bones and veins. It meant that even if those people got what they wanted, even if they succeeded in destroying him, he would drag them down with him.
Enjoy!
He eyed Mycroft who huffed a breath and said, “Come along, John ...”
It hadn't taken her long to figure out why: Sherlock Holmes was doing a remarkable job; he was taking down criminals, powerful men and women who would have taken Moriarty's place. He was basically doing Mr. Neal's job for him. Killing Sherlock Holmes would make Mr. Neal’s job incredibly longer and more complicated.
“There aren’t any bugs in our bedroom, John.” Sherlock had said, thinking, for a moment, about how quickly he had got used to that, how
Every day, at exactly 6 p.m, agents Drake and Harris escorted Sherlock to a black car parked outside Baker Street where Sherlock would talk with Mycroft. The meetings lasted exactly two hours, but John had never been asked to join them.
He hadn’t lied to her – and the craziest thing of all was that Joan had believed him. She hadn’t looked impressed or scared, she hadn’t asked him any question, she had just enjoyed the evening with him.
Sherlock nodded. They moved, as one, as always when it mattered.
“It made an impression,  evidently. ” The woman said.
“We don’t know who he is,” The short man said, and it was the truth, neither man knew who was actually in charge, “no one does,”
The answer was yes. She had worked on her identity long before she even knew who Sherlock fucking Holmes was.
“I can’t let her die, Sherlock,” John said in a low voice.
Greg Lestrade had simply told him to clean up his act if he wanted to be allowed anywhere near a crime scene in London and he had meant every syllable.
"Let's get out of here." He said. He got out from the room without even checking whether John was following him, but he stopped when he heard John asking; he was  behind him, "Do you think Victor is still alive?"
The silence between them as he tended his wounds had been deafening; Sherlock had not wanted any other doctor and he had insisted he closed the door of the small examination room before he had accepted to undress.
His voice was hoarse, he was still crying, but at least the sobs had subsided.
“Why did you accept my offer, Ms. Adler?” He asked. He declined her offer to sit and have a drink, they were standing over the sea, in the middle of nowhere and he needed to know how much he could rely on that woman, how much of a gamble he had taken.
He could deduce thousands of things about Mary – and that was not an exaggeration, but he had no clue about what was real and what was not with her; she must have practiced a lot before first meeting each other.
“Mary.” Mr. Neal said and she had never heard that tone in his voice. It was not his usual calm, soothing tone of voice, his accent slipped, “You have known me for a long time, now. You know I
Sherlock wasn’t talking, there wasn’t an incessant flow of deductions that usually accompanied his presence on crime scenes.  He was focusing on Janine, now, but he wasn’t touching her.
He nodded off, kipping for a while, only waking up when he felt the car slowing down to a stop.
She had promised to update him as soon as she had news – and for some reason a woman known for her lack of moral scruples was keeping her word. Yes, things were fucked up. Definitely.
There were bugs in that old boiler room, but removing them, trying to trace them would be an exercise in futility.
Drake smiled, but there was something bitter in that gesture and in his voice when he said, “I was part of Mr. Holmes’ protection detail there – we had been informed that he was reckless, didn’t follow protocol.”
There were pictures inside that white box. He was in all the pictures – with Mary, Molly, John, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson. He observed the picture with  Mary for a second: he noticed how she was indulgently smiling at something he had been saying (appearances could be indeed deceiving, he had believed she was a friend. He had cared about her), he blinked his eyes before sorting through the other pictures – all except for the last one had been taken since his return to London. He had known he had been spied on, that was nothing new, neither was the fact that the people depicted in those images were important to him. Why were they being redundant?
Greg blamed himself for what had happened to Sherlock – because there had been a fuck up of epic proportions and Bennett had taken Sherlock. Greg was exhausted, he was worried about Sherlock, terrified about Molly nevertheless he was there, he wanted to help. He had told him, at the hospital, that they wouldn’t be alone that time, and he still meant it.
That was the heart speaking, the woman who lost everything because she had let it overrule her head.
Janine had been an easy target, but Victor – he was being used because Sherlock had loved him. They had looked for him, they had found him, taken him just to – play.
“She didn’t listen to your conversation,” Moriarty said, “are you ever, ever going to learn, Sherlock?”
A fake girlfriend  had been murdered, a friend had been threatened, but Victor –  they had sewn his thumb off. They hadn’t killed him, not yet.
“Good.” Mr. Neal said.
“And you provided the distraction he needed, obviously.” Sherlock concluded for her. The tone of her voice had become scathing as she spoke. Oh, excellent: a crack in the façade.
“There were moments where I was sure that you –“
Or a cellar with two Plexiglas cells and so much darkness.
Molly looked at him, a frown of confusion on her face, and she actually blushed when he draped his jacket over her shoulders.
“Put it on.” Mary continued. She was aware that he was looking at her, she was aware that he could not tell whether she was lying, cheating or whether she was being truthful.
In the end, that was the true reason, wasn’t it? He had cured John’s limp (and John should stop thinking it had been a miracle. He should stop thinking he was a miracle worker. He wasn’t.)  because  John  had been – John.
“What?” Doctor Hood, David, asked, “Angry? Tired, worried? You’re not the victim?”
It was how he always replied to people who complained about the man’s habits. He was Sherlock Holmes, he didn’t give a toss about rules and if he wanted to disappear, if he didn’t want to be found, no one would be able to.
They had slowed their pace, she was brushing the back of his hand with the pad of her thumb, and he was supposed to do something – because things had changed, they were not
Yet he was already opening the box- because they were playing, they had been playing for weeks and John was in the kitchen making coffee and he realised that he had refused to meet his eyes ever since Mycroft had arrived.
“I see. Nothing personal, then; just doing your job, right?” Mary said.
Sherlock was very much aware of the fact that it wouldn’t be long before he would have to get rid of his protection detail, not that it would make a lot of difference whether they were with him or not, but he wanted to avoid useless deaths if at all possible.
“Is he involved?” William asked.
He had escorted her to the car that would bring her to a safe place, the safest under the circumstances.
. It was a luxury she couldn't really afford, a weakness that could be exploited. Sherlock had talked about sentiment making her miss a kill shot. He was right, but not in the way he had meant it.
"She was good to you." Sherlock said.
They had told Sherlock that they hadn’t been promised to get away scot free and they would not.
Sherlock had not said a word on the way to the morgue, he had kept his hands still on his knees, his gaze unfocused, but John recognised when Sherlock's mind was hard at work and his walls were up, thick and virtually impenetrable. He hadn’t talked, he had given him space.
"How do we proceed?" She asked.
“He chose the latter, yes. Of his own volition.” Mycroft said.
. As I said I am
sorry, Sherlock. I shouldn’t have said –”
"A lot better, thank you for asking," Sherlock replied, nodding at John who, immediately after, got up from his chair  and went to the kitchen.
The capture of the two men sitting in front of him had been
Cocaine was the solution and it came only a few days later Victor left, thanks to one of those insufferable future economists or barristers (or whatever those dull people wanted to do with their useless lives) he sometimes had the misfortune to meet.
"You said that relationships were not your area..." John mumbled, feeling stupid because his mouth just could not shut up because he couldn't help it but want to know what had happened, how that man from Sherlock's past had contributed to making Sherlock the man he had met.
Things were moving more quickly than she had anticipated. Good thing she wasn’t alone in that. Good thing that the people above her knew what they were doing.
“Consulting detective - and nothing made me– solving crimes  gave me a high and it was –“
“I’m not.” John said between clenched teeth. “I never have.”
He could still see, with his mind’s eyes, that gray room, Mycroft, Sherlock and him and Eurus’ words. He could see Sherlock and Mycroft fighting their own battle of lies, masking the brotherly love they had for each other and Sherlock pointing a gun at Mycroft.
“Your nose, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, without looking at him, his voice still casual, still calm, but he wasn’t fooled and Sherlock knew he wasn’t.
different men: older, scarred, wiser, fucked up to the point that they could only really work and function with each other.
“I want the other picture.” Sherlock said, turning to look at his brother.
He had expected the violence, he had expected the blood, he had expected the long, tedious moments of waiting and the rushes of action.
He really did not want to talk to a therapist. He wanted to – stare at his food like he had done until that moment and cool off before he could go back to Sherlock.
"There weren't any physical records in Appledore," Sherlock said. Another conversation that they had had countless times since Christmas.
Mary remembered the moment the message had come, she remembered how she had driven John to the cemetery that day, how he had asked her whether she would mind staying with him. She had never asked before nor had John offered. John still went each week, sometimes he lied to her and didn’t tell her that he went, other times he did.
“Sherlock, wait!” John said, walking toward him.
Well – the man was definitely
“What?” John said.
“John –“ He said. He was sorry. He was sorry that he had to hear that and that he had been used like that because of him.
" Sherlock asked, cocking an eyebrow. And he knew it was a mistake; he knew he should have let Mycroft talk. Because he felt, now, that a lid had been opened and Mycroft could...do or say whatever he deemed appropriate.
Sherlock was a mess – he was coming undone at the seams, he was hurting, but that was
"Seeing as I married an assassin I wouldn't say that they are my area either." John said.
tell him, because he remembered everything, because he never had the luxury to simply forget things; he could delete some of them; he could delete
Fact. It had taken just a few instructions from Mycroft Holmes, who knew how to manipulate Sherlock better than anyone, to do the same.
Foreboding, again. It was not superstition, it was not irrational, he just
She hobbled to the bathroom and Sherlock felt he could breathe more easily without her in the room.
He had already made his choice and it was the only one he could make. Sherlock had said once that he wasn’t willing to ever live in a world without him in it. He had asked him whether he thought that he could live without him. He couldn’t. He had tried it once and it had nearly killed him. He knew all of that was a trap. He had known since he had read the text. He knew that there was a high chance he would die –  he knew they wanted to use him to hurt Sherlock,  but he had to do something – if there was one chance, even the smallest one that it could save his daughter and Sherlock he had to take it.
I'm still writing , I have a plot which I mapped out about 8 months ago, and I'm finishing ths!!
He wanted to know whether he could really trust Sherlock to do his best to bring Joan back, unharmed. He wanted to know that Sherlock, who had read the note, would not lose himself in the game and think about saving the woman he loved.
The two men were looking at him, Sherlock deduced that they had not worked together before that particular job, nevertheless, there was
was ever going to happen!) it would not change the facts. It would not change what had happened or the effect it was having on both men. Sherlock seemed to catch his hesitation, he sighed and said, “You have met Herman Bennett and he exploited our acquaintance.”
Sherlock nodded as well, “I’m sorry.” He said.
) more put together than he had looked for a very long time was giving him hope.
and John was making coffee and he didn't want to lose
"What did the second text mean?" John asked.
Mycroft didn’t dignify Sherlock with an answer, but said, “Those pictures –”
God, he was pathetic.
He could see now what that sound meant: it was disbelief at something he had said.
“I’m afraid – “He trailed.,
Not that night, not with almost a hundred stitches on his body (at least he had stopped feeling numb, like he was a rag doll stitched back together and put in a bed), not with the words they had said.
That was the only word that filled John’s mind. And he saw – he saw that Sherlock hadn’t really lied to William.
Oh, yes, Lestrade was worried about him and Sherlock was grateful that the older man hadn't wasted anyone's time by saying out loud that he was sorry about what had happened. Lestrade had physically unchained him, he didn't need his platitudes. And thanking him would be redundant.
John nodded, “Where are you staying?” He asked.
Mycroft Holmes needed allies especially now that Sherlock had disappeared.
“Oh, mummy will be happy to know that for once we agree on something!” Sherlock said brightly. He took a black jacket from his closet and quickly put it on. Mycroft didn’t miss the curl of his lips – he must be in pain, painkillers notwithstanding.
Mary did not answer him, not right away. He saw her masking the flash of pain in her eyes as she squatted down, near the man she had killed and took a gun and a tablet from his jacket and extracted the knife from the man’s chest: quick, precise movements, she even cleaned the blade on the man’s shirt before tucking the knife back in the waistband of her trousers.
“For the record, Mr Holmes, I want you to know that I did not sanction or approve what Herman did to you. I expressly told him to go easy on you.” The man said. He sounded sincere. Against his better judgement Sherlock believed him.
He suspected that he would find out soon, very soon, how long they had been planned all of that – it was his job to make sure that they failed. That they would not kill Sherlock.
That was all Sherlock had said. No, that wasn't entirely correct, was it? Sherlock had admitted that Victor Trevor had been important to him. Which had been more than he had expected from Sherlock. Which could mean a lot of things: had Victor been a boyfriend? A friend? Had Sherlock been in love with him?
He knew what she had done at the time, before they  put things in motion he had done his best to cover her tracks, to bury the official records so deeply that finding them would be nearly impossible.
“You took down a criminal empire, on your own." John had said after a moment.
Kids. He had a daughter – they must have induced Mary’s labor, judging by the way she had moved, she had been given an epidural and probably a c-section. As far as he knew Mary had not had any problems during her pregnancy.
baby – yet it was clear she had been talking to John.
During the reception, they sat at the same table with Molly, Greg, and some colleagues of William from school, none of which knew that William was working again for the government. Whether he was doing it for money, revenge or because it was the right thing to do the result didn’t change; and Joan burst with pride and love for her new husband.
It was an acceptable loss, all things considered. One look at Mary had confirmed what he had already suspected: she could not be swayed, she could not be coerced into talking, she could not be bought. She had no requests, nothing to bargain with, nothing to live for.
. It had not been a front she had put up when she had visited Baker Street. She truly had been happy. And he could not understand why.
“Sir,” William said, “did something happen?”
He was also pleading him, with his eyes, to go, to be careful – and if they got out of there alive –
– after almost losing each other, after the blood and the punch and almost watching him die, again and again.
“Crude,” Sherlock said, “but that is exactly what you will do.”
John Watson was
He smiled. He truly could not help it. Mary had clearly picked up where Moriarty had left off.
No more lies and pretences. It was about time.
happy, but the scars in his body didn't itch, burn or throb, he didn't feel
“Say them. One after another. In alphabetical order. I want to hear your voice. I want you with me while we do this, Sherlock!”
“They were.” Mycroft replied.
He slowed his pace to a halt when he was next to the graveyard. There were footsteps around the headstone, they looked fresh – and Sherlock honestly didn’t care about the deductions his mind was coming up with. Another pawn, another nameless, faceless moron who followed orders and played their part in that game. Boring.
He saw the hesitation in Molly, and she had never hesitated with him – she seemed almost shy when she said, “We will be there for them – together.”
But – he could not let Mary win, she had already taken so much from him and from John. He was not bluffing. And Mary knew that she could see it on her face.
He had spent days wondering why they had kidnapped Joan, why they had chosen them. He had never met Mycroft or Sherlock Holmes before Joan had been taken. He had checked his notes, his passport, he had traced back each and every step he had taken, every mission he had been part of for the five years before he retired and he was positive he had never met none of the people he knew were involved in what had happened to Sherlock and Joan.
“There were four men, for the first couple of days, but two of them went away the day before yesterday. At least I think it was; I tried not to lose track of time, but - pain..” Victor trailed.
She wanted to win, of course. She held Sherlock and him responsible for a personal loss and she had been moulded into a weapon. No, she had allowed Jim Moriarty’s successor to use her as a weapon, as a distraction.
He took Sherlock’s hand in his, his right, scarred and bandaged one, the one that had rested on his chest, feeling his heartbeat under his palm, and brought it to his lips. John knew right away it had been a mistake: Sherlock stilled; he saw that blankness, that horrible hollowness enveloping the man, and John was so surprised that he didn’t even feel it when Sherlock removed the hand from his, his voice felt like a slap in the face, though, it was cold, when he said, “Please, don’t.”
“Sorry to disappoint you,” Sherlock replied.
“See, John?” Mary said, “He needs
He could only look at John who smiled and said, “Why did you cure my limp?”
“As you are aware I used to have black outs, but I do remember following him, I do remember being in the car, then walking with him, getting into the house, walking down the stairs. My memory of that day is spotless.” He said.
She knew. Sherlock realised. She had always known. Probably not the exact chain of thoughts that had prompted him to smash his hand against the mirror (he didn't even remember them himself), but she knew how
He had passed the test, and there would be another. And then possibly another and it would become more and more personal. He was sure of that and for once Mycroft and he agreed on something, apparently.
Her phone calls were monitored, so were her e-mails and her internet history. Not that she had expected anything less from Mycroft Holmes. She also knew that her flat was thoroughly checked weekly, it had been for months: the people who did it were good, but she was, to put it simply, better.
“Yes, he is – ” John started, but Sherlock interrupted him saying, “Deciding on the best course of action regarding Herman Bennett, of course. How predictable.”
After all Jack and Mark had sort of become her shadows since what had happened to Sherlock two weeks before.
John, though, could see that Sherlock was really making an effort – he was trying to be forthcoming, as much as his nature and decades of repression allowed him to be, he was trying to (get better, be strong, be Sherlock Holmes) move on and start their life together.
The man was not used to be contradicted – and that was not the moment to antagonize him. He was talking to the man behind everything that had happened, he realised.
To think she had never been greedy, it was one of the reasons why she had lasted that long in her job: greediness made people make stupid mistakes, made people dumb, and yet – everything she had been part of, every moment of pain Sherlock had endured and would still endure until she was finished was not enough.
what you asked for.”
"You are..." John trailed.
to be in that room, to be in the present, however in pain he must feel.
Later John thought that it had started with a flinch.
Victor was still alive. There was that. They weren’t done with him, he was losing his position as leverage, though – he would be killed soon if he didn’t find him. He didn’t even realise that he had flinched when John touched his back, but everyone else did.
His nose was already bleeding and he clawed at his ears to take that fucking earpiece off, but stopped and heaved, barely refraining from retching all the bile he could taste in his mouth when he heard the unmistakeable sound of Mary cocking the gun and her voice, ripe with pain, that time, “Don’t.”
It was useless – he had been right.
“Sherlock –“ He said, “look at me, please?”
“Do I?” Sherlock asked.
the wounds on Sherlock’s body before they were even stitched and there was no way they hadn’t hurt. There was no way he hadn’t been in a world of pain and yet he had driven John mad refusing to take anything stronger than paracetamol.
Mary did not expect to get out of that room alive. He would hate to defy her expectations, now. If she wanted to play the game he would let her win.
His brother: the dragon slayer, the pirate, the consulting detective, the friend.
Sherlock, once again, saw right through him, though; he rolled his eyes and said, “Clothes, John! My laptop, the battery charger for my mobile phone.” He saw Sherlock and Mycroft exchange a long look, one whose meaning he didn’t even bother to try and guess. He sighed and said, “All right.”
Sherlock turned to look at him, “John – “
) they believed in. He should know.
There was also a note in the box, Sherlock read it aloud, tempted to shout at everyone to just back off and let him
He had to focus, he had to shake himself free.
It was entirely possible that Sherlock Holmes, John Watson and his new-born daughter were already dead, he knew that it was on the mind of all the people searching the house, but they had all been in that business too long to voice such thoughts. They had a mission to accomplish, the outcome was something they would deal with later.
“Do you?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock, in his bedroom, and it had been like the images, the scenarios he had indulged in every single day, even with Mary sleeping in his bed, except that it had been
John paused. He had been there when Sherlock had been examined. He had not been there when he had given both statements to the police (Greg had talked about procedure, and Sherlock, for once, had
He noticed other details that he had missed: Sherlock had a split lip, it was a small but deep wound on his lower lip; it was stupid to become fixed on that small wound, but John couldn’t stop looking at it. Sherlock’s lips twitched, and John blinked his eyes and tilted his eyes up. It had been less than ten hours since Sherlock had walked toward Bennett, his hands up, his coat swirling around him; mere hours – and each and any of them was etched on Sherlock’s face, on the lines of pain around his eyes and mouth, in the stormy grey of his eyes, too bright and naked.
Visiting Herman Bennett’s cell had been a colossal waste of time. There was nothing in there, but Mycroft had already known that,
“Mary…” John said. He had loved her. She was the mother of his child – and John only breathed her name. He didn’t say anything more.
Mycroft had been right, though – Sherlock’s blindness could only be temporary, the best they could do was to –
And he was a soldier and a doctor. He was used to making choices.
"Did...was he important to you?" John asked, and here he was, walking again on eggshells around him. For different reasons.
“We only broadcast live,” The man said, “We all watched it live while you were taking it up the ass.”
He got up, swaying slightly on his legs, when he heard the steps nearing his – well, there was not an elegant way to put it, was it? He was in a cage.
“Mary –“ Sherlock said, “we will find her.”
"What makes you think that I can live without you?" John said - and Sherlock felt breathless because...because that was John: he was strong, a fighter, he was the bravest person he had ever met! And he had survived while he had been away, he had grieved (more than he had expected and more deeply than he thought he would, but the alternative: John dead, shot by one of Moriarty's snipers had been simply not feasible.)
Just a trick. A magic trick.
Sherlock had accepted to be injected with local pain killers. He had sprained muscles in his back and some stitches had torn, but there was nothing broken, no internal bleeding, no damage to tissues or organs. He had, simply put, pushed himself to his limits. John thought that it was just another item to add to the list of things he would never forgive himself for. The fact that Sherlock had not refused painkillers like he had done for the past weeks was like a punch to the gut to John. It meant that Sherlock believed the lie – he was the smartest, wisest man he had ever known and he believed a bloody lie.
He had not met Moriarty. He had started with cocaine.
Mycroft knew he would have to face the consequences of his actions, of his choices, but for the moment – the fire he could see in Sherlock’s eyes was enough to give him hope.
That was a game Sherlock was very good at playing: sitting down in an interrogation room and observing suspects and culprits, deducing each and every detail about them, in silence. He had seen how unsettling his gaze could be; he had experienced, more than once, how utter silence could be unnerving to some people.
In another life, the one that she had thought she had left behind, she had learned a lot of valuable lessons about patience and about planning ahead.
John frowned, looking at her. Mary’s smile was saccharine sweet when she said, “Just tell him that, will you?”
It was the truth, he could tell when his brother was lying to him, but it wasn't enough. Not that time.
good at disappearing, Mr. Moore.” Mycroft had said.
They were good, but he was better. It had taken him far too long to remember that, thus giving those people too much power. Time to change things, though.
“Good question,” Mary said. She looked pale, she was obviously in a great deal of pain and the happiness he had clearly read in her eyes had been replaced by weariness.
have them. You said he was a good agent, didn't you?" Sherlock said, the throbbing of his scars was making him nauseous, now.
“When you climb the first steps of the ladder I will reconsider our agreement. I give you my word.”
Mary turned, she could barely stand – and, perhaps, it hadn’t been John’s well-placed hits that were making her bleed – but there was genuine amusement in her eyes.
He knew, he had counted every second, but what could he tell Mary? He drank his coffee – hoping that indeed it wasn’t spiked or poisoned and said, “I’m sorry, Mary. I truly am.”
, of course – she had exerted flesh and blood from him, repeatedly, but it was not enough, apparently. She wanted more.
he wondered whether the man felt like breathing was easier as well, he wondered whether he would sit on the armrest of the chair or crouch in front of him, but he did neither of those things. He didn’t even touch him, but his words did.
“How could we foresee that? It’s Sherlock.” Greg tried, but the excuse sounded weak to his own ears. A few years before it would have worked, though. A few years before they all would have thought Sherlock Holmes could not
He wasn’t sure he could move a single muscle without unraveling.
, Mycroft – old clients who had become something more, like Angelo. That was what they wanted.
He handed him the tablet, silently prompting him to go on. Michael was not scared of him; they had known each other for far too long, but he was not stupid either. He respected him and he had to grudgingly admit that it was mutual.
“To celebrate –“ John said – and he honestly didn’t know how long it had taken him to talk, how long Sherlock and he had looked at each other.
The wall he was looking at, sort of reminded him of the wall in their sitting room, except that it was bare now, at home. Sherlock was not bored, he was perfectly content with reading up cold cases and solving them with just a cursory glance at the files.
Yet, Victor was different. He was -
“Can I kiss you now?” John asked.
«I am aware of what Sally Donovan may have told you throughout our – acquaintance. You told me once that she said that I got off on crime scenes – or crimes or, possibly, in her opinion, death or dead people. I don’t know, I stopped listening to her inane words a long time ago.
“No,” John replied.
“It won’t happen,” Mycroft said. He sincerely doubted the outcome would be a televised execution. And Sherlock knew that too. He had to.
“You kept your word. You said you wouldn’t go anywhere. I must say that I wasn’t sure you would.” Mycroft continued, ignoring him.
It took only a look at Detective Inspector Lestrade and the two men who had been assigned to Sherlock and John’s protection to get that they did, possibly even more than he did. He was not a friend of Sherlock’s. He had not watched over him 24/7 for weeks, he was not his brother.
"You know I do not celebrate." He had eventually replied.
Names held a lot of power, therefore he ignored the fake name Mary had given them in that U.S.B. drive and addressed her with the one she had chosen.
her daughter, she was a means to an end – she kept telling herself that, but her breasts ached, part of her – was grieving and she was so fucking tired of grieving!), but that would not stop him.
“To the last detail.” The man said.
“Of course. You have always had a choice, both of you. Sherlock always chose you, at every turn. You?” Mary smiled, and her smile was genuine, “You
The pictures sent to the hospital all told a story, didn’t they? The picture of John and him kissing, a frame, taken shortly after he had told John about Serbia. And she had known. She had known what John’s presence at the hospital would do to his frame of mind, how it would make things easier in some ways and incredibly difficult in others  – she must have known what it had meant to have him at Baker Street after finding Jason Miller’s body because there had been bugs and cameras in his flat, because he had been spied on ever since he had come back to London.
“They won’t. That is not what they want – they will want Sherlock to find you, alive.” Mycroft had said, “Right now, thankfully, he can’t see, this is our only chance, John.”
“It was better than getting high on cocaine.” He said, eventually and he knew that doctor Hood had not believed a word he had said.
“Yeah, I am, it’s my daughter – and I want to bring Mary’s boss down!” He answered.
“Start from the house, Victor said, “
They would because they had looked everywhere and there was no sign of John’s daughter in the house. She had been there, but evidently, Mary and her cronies had timed their arrival for
“Well,” Mr. Neal said, to his interlocutor in the phone, “Did it go as planned?”
And he could be petty – he could remind John that he had found himself a nice little psychopath while he had been away, that despite not being truly in love with her (it hardly took a genius to deduce that) he still had married her.
He couldn’t help a surprised gasp when he saw the second to last picture – it was a screenshot, taken from a surveillance tape, apparently; Sherlock and he were kissing. He blinked at the image in front of him, recalling for a moment the feeling of Sherlock’s lips on his, of their bodies close – had it really happened mere days before? And someone had recorded that moment, someone had watched
A lot could happen in thirty minutes, nevertheless, he said, “I need his file,”
his scars fully visible, his right hand hurt and bandaged. There had been other kisses after that.
He had found out mere seconds after meeting her that she was immune to all his tactics, to his charm – she was
Who was he trying to fool? He was so high that he would have intercourse with a lamppost.
John felt irrationally breathless for a moment, he didn’t dare move a muscle, even if he was so close to Sherlock that it would take literally nothing to touch him, he was just a breath away from him, but John kept still, nodding at Sherlock’s words, “It wasn’t, you’re right. But – then...”
“I’m not actually stupid, you know?” John said. His hands itched, he needed to get Herman Bennett’s blood off his hands.
Most of the things that had been there that day had been taken away even before he visited that house the day he had left the hospital, there was nothing out of place, except the smell, it was as strong as it had been that day: decay, bodily fluids and badly washed floors.
“Sorry.” John said in a low voice. Sherlock cocked an eyebrow in confusion, John sat, he rubbed his eyes with his palms and said, “I didn’t mean to fall asleep…”
Sherlock’s quiet words startled him, his voice was barely more than a whisper when he said, “I don’t know who I am any longer, John.”
He knew. He had seen that picture in Molly’s bedroom, he had noticed that she kept that picture on her bedside table, half hidden behind a pile of books and a box of Kleenex, but not as much that she wouldn’t see it if she wanted or needed to.
“I think…” Mycroft said, “that we have things to discuss, brother mine. You are starting to …”
Sherlock let go of the knife he had been hiding and said, “I asked you how does it feel to be so close to what you wanted, knowing that you would not get it.”
John didn’t look at him, but said, “I thought you had left.”
Because
“Will he?” John asked, he was keeping his voice even, his fists unclenched, even if he knew it was useless, she must know how much he wanted to hurt her. How much he wanted to see her dead, at the moment.
He had a very narrow window of time to think about what he would do, after. He pictured the room and the objects in it: what could be used?
Sherlock would have said boredom. And he would pretend he believed him, he would say something appropriately dismissive and that would be the end of it.
Those were his orders, after all. The questions he had – one, truly, would have to wait.
It was not his professional side talking, it was his instinct - and
But things were
Victor let out a weak, bitter chuckle. He knew that sound, he had heard it a lot toward the end of their relationship, at the time he didn’t understand what it meant. Didn’t Victor know him? Didn’t he know that he was not like one of those brainless, pathetic excuses for human beings that they met every day?
Did she want details? Did she want the truth?
Victor nodded his head. He closed his eyes for a moment and then jerked them open and said, “There was a break-in at my apartment right after Christmas. They took the usual stuff, but - they also took the content of a drawer in my desk, it was mostly junk in there, but ...”
“We don’t have much time,” Mycroft said while he observed Sherlock tearing Herman Bennett’s cell apart.
God forgave him, he didn't.
“Herman Bennett wanted me, not her. I miscalculated.” Sherlock said. And it was the truth.
John stifled a sharp intake of breath settling, instead, on blinking his eyes. He knew Sherlock was in the room, he knew the man was looking at him, but for a moment he couldn't bring himself to look in his direction.
wasn't correct, was it? He had done something: he had helped setting up a trap for Sherlock.
"You disappeared for twelve hours! You promised Greg...and me that you ..." John said and he was seeing how much he was trying not to shout, because he felt guilty, because he had tore the stitches on his right hand during a momentary lapse in judgment and then had gone and seen the man who had abused him. And somehow John felt responsible for that. He thought that it was somehow
He was in a car which would bring him to the hospital where Victor had been admitted. There was another car escorting him and Sherlock thought that all those precautions were frankly ridiculous at that point, but he had not said a word about it.
Sherlock’s heart made him vulnerable: his brother had never learned how to protect himself, how to put a limit to what he was willing to do for the people he loved. And he
He thought about a bomb, at first, he thought about his daughter, about who would save her – who would look after her. He moved, jumping on the table  and then next to Herman Bennett as he started to convulse. The man was scratching his own neck, even though he had bitten his nails to the quick, he saw blood on his skin and oozing out from his nose.
And there was something almost too perfect in that video. Murders were messy affairs – crime scenes were never as glamorous as on telly. On paper everything was like it was supposed to be: the sprays of blood, the exit wound, the way Mary’s head had lolled. And yet – it was too clean. Too perfect.
For the first time since they had got into the car, Sherlock was glad for the measure of privacy they had been granted when the two agents had pulled up the partition glass, because the air felt suddenly too charged with words, the unspoken ones and those they had said for the past week -- and it was overwhelming, it felt like the moment right before he finally solved a particularly challenging puzzle, except that it was more important.
The images were clear – Sherlock was on his third viewing of the few seconds that had been caught on camera: the vehicle Mary was riding in, escorted by four men, had been ambushed  on the way to the facility where she would be held until the baby was born. The impact had been calculated not to kill the people on the passenger seat. The people who had come out from the black van had acted quickly, they were clearly used to similar kind of operations: they had killed the four agents and taken Mary.
He had never believed in fate before Sherlock, but there was not an ounce of doubt in his mind, hours later, as they lied in bed and he could still smell Sherlock on him, he could still taste him on his lips and on his tongue, that it couldn’t have been any different.
“Yes.” He said. The man was clearly skeptic and didn’t believe him, but didn’t make any comment.
. Not inside of him.
"Right..." John said.
enough. And she had learned one thing from the situation with Magnussen: the Holmes’ brothers could be taken down. They were good, they were geniuses, they were exceptional – but they were also
He put the mobile phone in the inside pocket of his coat and regaled the two men with a cold stare before saying, “Don’t you find peculiar that your lawyers aren’t here?”
John rolled his eyes, choosing not to look at the screen. Part of him was still hoping that Sherlock and Mycroft were in cohorts, again, and were deceiving him. He hoped that what he had seen in Sherlock ever since Mycroft had given them the news of Mary’s kidnapping was just an act.
"Either way they succeed, John," Sherlock said after a moment, and John could detect weariness in the man's voice when he added, "if I refuse to play they will keep killing people and hurting Victor, if I agree you will be in the same room with that man – and I will have to watch. You read the first note."
She wanted to exert her power, once more. She wanted to know they had been beaten.
Sherlock nodded imperceptibly at him and John did the same. For a moment he was sure Sherlock wanted to say something, maybe reassure him – but he didn’t; he kept his left hand on the envelope, he was at the door when he heard Sherlock say something in a voice so low that he couldn’t make out what he was saying.
“I read that he helped to save that girl. It wasn’t clear what he did exactly.” William said.
“Don’t.” John said, interrupting her.
“How are you feeling, Mary?” He asked, instead.
And sorry, so sorry for any grammar mistake you might find!
It was a convincing act, but an act, nevertheless. And he must have read his mind because yes,  he had paid attention to Mary's words.
Sherlock shook his head and said, "What am I supposed to do, now? Relationships are not my area, John."
Right. There was a wedding party going on inside, people were dancing and the DJ had started with slow songs.
“Where is my daughter?” John asked. He had to focus on his baby girl – he could not allow those tendrils of panic to bloom. He was a soldier – he had been through worse.
And it was not what was he supposed to say. He was supposed to keep John safe, but it was too late,
He knew it wasn't a real answer. But -- those moments with Magnussen, his damp touch, his words, made him feel
"How romantic..." Sherlock said, his tone was one of mockery, but there was warmth in his eyes and he looked a fraction more relaxed than he had since they had got Greg's phone call.
He had found Sherlock attractive, but – he had not – felt – he wasn’t feeling anything more than friendship and hero worship for him because that bastard had been his hero until the very end.
He opened the first box and arched an eyebrow when he saw the knife inside. It was identical to the one Mary had used to kill the Russian man – and, he supposed, one weapon was as good as any for what she had in mind, if he had deduced it correctly.
Sherlock and he were
"Call me the minute you have news.  Alert our friends in London." He said and checked his watch.  He had to go back to the conference room, his guests had a deal to sign,  one he had worked very hard on. There was a reason why the past few weeks had needed to be utter chaos for Mycroft and Sherlock Holmes: deals needed to be signed and alliances formed.
He did not sound worried, but then again why should he be? That was just a job for him, he might be too empathetic for his own good, but he would have another assignment after that, his life was not at stake, nor were the people he loved in any danger.
He helped Sherlock dress and undress every day. It wasn't strictly necessary, but neither of them had commented on that.
” The man said. He was not bluffing. His voice was still soft, gentle even – but Sherlock knew there would be consequences. How many people had died already for that stupid game?
“We should think about the black box…” Molly said.
“What happened?” Mary asked, leading him away – and John couldn’t help but wonder whether Mary had just exploited his weakness, his frayed nerves and had let Sherlock see them. Or was he paranoid? It didn’t matter, though, because Mary was leading him away, linking her arm under his, her eyes full of concern.
"Nothing. Just checking on something." Sherlock said. It wasn’t, strictly speaking, a lie. He had wanted to check whether Mary had left something there because her presence in their flat that morning could not just have been a coincidence.
Orgasms with Victor had always been like explosions, leaving him breathless and smiling like an idiot, after.
Another spasm hit him, in his lower back, that time, and John noticed it, they all did.
"I -- yes, of course," John said. "I'll be right back!"
Now, in Molly’s office, he was looking at Lestrade, clearly seeing the worry (
There were still slight traces of the kiss they had shared, in the way Sherlock’s hair was mussed and his lips moist and swollen, but the dark smudges under his eyes had deepened, somehow, since he had answered the telephone. He took some tentative steps toward Sherlock’s bed, unsure on what to do and started when Sherlock took the remote from his hand.
“Years, uh?” John asked, as he dried Sherlock’s back.  He had to crouch to start with Sherlock’s legs, and Sherlock’s words,
“You aren’t wearing your wedding ring .” Sherlock said, breaking the silence in the room.
He wasn’t moved by faith or whatever was behind the tall man actions – he was only a thug, one who must have accepted an outrageously paid job with vague assurances about the outcome.
He had to think.
helping him, that was all that mattered at the moment. He would have the time to find out about the woman when he went back. He had suspicions about the woman’s identity, but he had decided to let them slide.
Mycroft smiled, and there was something almost – vulnerable in that smile, something wistful.
“He should be in a hospital. I think he might have torn some stitches.” Joan said, breaking (thankfully) his train of thoughts.
“You are thinking,” Sherlock said, it was a whisper that danced on his skin and John felt, once again, how inevitable that moment had been: Sherlock’s lips against his skin, his fingertips ghosting over his skin, the warm cocoon their bodies had created.
The water was ice cold. It was a shock, even before the primeval part of him started rebelling. Ice cold water against almost feverish hot skin made his heart stutter in his chest.
Had he listened to what Sherlock had told him in the flat?
“No panic attacks, no flashbacks?” Doctor Hood asked.
He had sat on one of those uncomfortable plastic chairs, under those artificial, too white lights, while Mycroft was outside, speaking on his mobile phone – possibly deciding the fate of the free world for that week, and John sat still on the edge of his chair, his hands on his thighs, his face as pale as Sherlock’s had been when he had been wheeled to the operation room.
He answered the phone and listened to what William Moore had to say.
It wasn’t a lie. He truly didn’t remember.
“Bullshit…” She had said, she had smiled and the tone of her voice – she had been flirting with him. She had touched her hair (it was not picked in a bun, it was long, loose on her shoulders ), played with her long locks while drinking beer.
“Mr. Holmes – William,” The man said, they were outside on the porch.
He looked around – where was John?
And of course, he remembered that speech – and the waltz Sherlock had composed for John and Mary – and he knew how painful unrequited love could be, how confusing, how weakening, especially for – someone like the consulting detective: emotionally closed off, a dick and – a genius all rolled into one.
(See the end of the chapter for
Years later, in a moment of – weakness, fear, grief (he could grieve – he had never learned how to deal with that horrible feeling, but he
It was a waste of time, like always with those people. It had been a waste of time talking to Joan Adams, forcing her to talk for hours about her ordeal, it had been a waste of time trying to trace phone calls and bugs’ signals,  and it was a waste of time to be in that room.
It was not the puerile allusions to what had happened in Herman Bennett’s basement. It wasn’t that. It wasn’t the images featuring both Victor and Mary being
There was no time for small talk and both his interlocutor and he were painfully aware of that.
“They obviously wanted to scare her,” Sherlock said, “but they mean no harm to her.”
“It doesn’t matter –“ He said after a moment, “do you really think that we won’t be found?”
“As I said: expendable.” Sherlock said.
to be files.  Mycroft kept files on everything and everyone!
Sherlock. It didn’t take a genius to get that.
He didn’t wake Sherlock up, he didn’t make a sound.
“And that, dear John, is something we want to avoid that happen again if at all possible.” It was Mycroft’s voice.
It was an exercise in futility. It
He knew that the kidnapping was connected to Herman Bennett, to the apple and the envelope in Sherlock’s hospital room, to the bloody scars on the consulting detective's body. He knew that the blonde woman had not been randomly chosen. Of course the media, like the leeches they could be, had latched onto the news of Joan Adams’s kidnapping and it had happened immediately. It didn’t help that whoever had taken Joan wanted everyone (Sherlock) to know.
Before ---
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't
"Look at her face, Lestrade! Can't you even infer that much? She begged for her life; look at the armrests of the chair and the duct tape: she scraped the wood with her fingernails. She fought..." He paused, changing position (and subject), angling himself the way Janine was sitting, "The killers were there and watched her die."
His lips curled in a smile; “I don’t suppose you will tell me your real name either.”
“You’re right about the plan – but I’m good at improvising.” She replied, aware that she had not answered his question, not really. And he noticed right away.
He didn’t need to look at Mycroft to know that the older man had noticed as well. Mycroft chose to ignore his brother’s words and didn’t move, there was a moment of silence until Sherlock said, “Should I get up and take the note myself, brother?”
It had to be.
Sherlock was clean, now. Even at the hospital he had stubbornly refused painkillers, which had been crazy to Greg: he had
Part of him was relieved, though – if Sherlock and John had  found some happiness  amidst all the pain and horror that had  swept them on their feet for the past few weeks – that was
Unlike John and Sherlock – he remembered the names of each person Herman Bennett had tortured and killed. He remembered their faces, he had seen their houses, talked to their relatives. He remembered all the faces in the pictures and had been there when their remains had been recovered.
She had learned more in those moments than in  months of research; she had learned more about the feelings the two men had for each other, more about Sherlock’s hubris and his two years away than she had truly cared for.
That was not the sort of game they were playing. Oh, he knew that their endgame was to have him dead, but that would only come in the end.
“John – we got him in time.” Greg said in a low voice. Sherlock would roll his eyes at him for pointing out the obvious, but John needed to hear the words. Bennett had hurt Sherlock, but they had got him in time. It wasn’t like last time, when Sherlock had been shot and had flatlined on the operation table, and later had spent months recovering, after his senseless escape from the hospital.
“Can – can you stop being dead?” John asked and he was shivering with post orgasmic chills, and he didn’t care that it was a dream, that he would wake up soon.
Sex didn’t solve problems. Sex was not a panacea. That was what Sherlock had told him the night before, and it was still true.
“Of course, it isn’t.” He replied. And he knew it wasn’t. just like he knew that Herman Bennett’s serial murders weren’t his fault, or the scars on Joan Adams’ body weren’t. What he knew and what he felt, deep down, seemed to clash apparently. Which was unusual for him. Guilt was something he was not really accustomed to. He had killed people and he had never felt guilt, after; those acts had been necessary, it had been a matter of survival, but that was different.
Or unprepared?
“Fine?” Victor repeated. And he sounded almost disappointed, for some reason. Sherlock didn’t understand: Victor had asked him to keep their relationship a secret and he had just obliged. Was he supposed to do anything else?
Victor kissed him and Sherlock was taken aback by the relief and the hints of disappointment he could taste and feel in the other man.
He clutched the white shirt in his hands and had to sat on the bed (Sherlock’s bed) as the past eighteen months replayed themselves in his mind in painstaking detail. How could he have been so blind? Jim Moriarty had seen it, and so had Magnussen and Mary and Sherlock himself had laid his heart out bare, during his wedding, for everyone to see (and they had, hadn’t they?) and John had kept being blind, except for one moment, when they had locked gazes right before he went to dance with Mary and John had come close to really understand, to really observe Sherlock.
“So, let me ask again: does it matter? Or are you trying to find a way to  blame yourself for what happened?” The doctor asked.
“We are examining the evidence,” Mycroft replied, “there is a video. She was shot to the head. The only confirmation we have, so far, is that the video has not been altered in any way.”
He could see him, now, despite the darkness in the room. He was there, with him, and he would not leave him. Ever.
Sherlock's priority, at the moment, was to save John Watson and his daughter.
“Sherlock, I want you to understand this: you are not winning this, one way or another. Get that?” Mary said.
playing!"
“That’s a stupid question, John. She was cold and naked.” Sherlock said. He wanted to move, to shove John away from him, he wanted John to
“Indeed,” Mycroft replied.
“Blew his head off. He’s dead,” Mary said, “but you already know that. You never really believed that part, did you?”
John stepped forward, further shortening the distance between them: he could see the raindrops on his forehead, one jangling on his lashes, he didn’t seem to care. He was smiling – and it was a real, genuine smile: not one that promised lies and violence, not a forced one – it reminded him of the veteran medical doctor he had first met at Barts.
Sherlock nodded. He knew. The bastard knew. Had he deduced it right before he snuffed Alex out of existence and left him to rot to the side of the road? Or had he spared a thought about him
She hated that he looked genuinely sorry, almost ashamed at what he had done. It didn’t make any difference, she couldn’t care less about the fact that he might feel regret for his actions.
Mycroft Holmes had assured him that Herman Bennett would talk the night they had recovered Sherlock from that basement and so far he had kept his promise: Bennett had given them details about his known victims and the identity and burial sites of a couple of the unknown ones.
It had taken Sherlock just a few seconds while they had been in Herman Bennett’s basement to spot the precise location of the hidden cameras. He wasn’t divulging any information, now.  Greg looked at John,  he still looked ready to move, to fight – but there was something else…a look of devotion in his eyes, while he kept looking at Sherlock angling his body toward the other man’s, totally oblivious of his surroundings, spoke volumes about those
John swallowed – it was a magic trick, just a magic trick.
for the first time since – since Sherlock had flinched on a crime scene).
Whenever he had tried to close his eyes he had kept seeing Sherlock pressing a gun to his chin, counting down to ten.
"Is that it?" Lestrade asked.
John looked at her surprised. The fact that she would mention that blog entry, so long after he had made it, while still bursting with joy because Sherlock was back, unsettled him. How long had she known? Mary was smiling but there was a look akin pity in her eyes; how fucked up he was? His assassin wife pitied him and even then he could only think about Sherlock, in his room, with Mycroft.
“What…” He tried, but his voice came out hoarse, it sounded foreign to his own ears, he swallowed past sand and blood and adrenaline and said, “what was his point?”
fine. He had not been fine for a long time. He had ceased to be whole a long time before and the events of the past few years had hurt him, in ways he had not anticipated, they had widened the cracks that had been already there.
Sherlock wouldn’t have cared if he had known that while he was having a conversation on the phone (surprise upon hearing his interlocutor’s voice, anger) and not asking the right questions, the CCTV cameras in the street had been tampered with, again.
Behind his matter of fact tone, Sherlock could see that Mycroft was worried about him, he was too good at reading him. But why? He was healing, he was moving on,  He had also stopped hurting his right hand whenever he felt
There. He could lie too. See? It was that simple.
“You had a therapist,” Sherlock replied.
Sherlock did not feel things like other people. Had not been his alibi for years?
He needed more. He needed to touch Sherlock, he needed to take him, taste him, taste the aftermath of adrenaline on the man’s tongue, feel the man’s body against his own, Sherlock’s heartbeat (
It wasn't even a particularly irrational feeling, he thought, it was a
“Sherlock,” Mycroft said, “Those photographs are merely –”
It would take him a long time, it would take him falling desperately in love with John Watson, it would take him seeing John getting married to Mary and eventually having him in his arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
John felt bile rising in his throat. He didn’t move. He couldn’t. He needed those bloody numbers, he needed to see what was inside that small box, he had to do as he had been asked. He wondered whether Sherlock was keeping his right hand closed in a fist while looking at them and hearing those words. He wondered whether Sherlock was seeing what was really going on.
“What happened?” John said.
John was still unconscious or was waiting for the perfect opportunity to attack her, again. Who knew. Who the fuck cared.
martyr yourself for John Watson. He did appallingly without you the first time." Mycroft replied.
He was resting, his face might count more lines and there was more gray in his black hair, but Sherlock had no troubles recalling the man's face when he was in a light slumber. Not that he had wasted any time looking at the man sleeping at the time – but they had lived together, they had shared a bed. There had been a moment where imagining his life without Victor at his side had been inconceivable.
It was another futile attempt at playing mind games with him and he should roll his eyes, he should find the clue that might possibly have been there, hidden in plain sight since Mr. Bennett had made him walk into the house, and just go away, find a mean to communicate with those people that those games were boring.
"This is not what I meant --"  John replied.
In his haste not to tell Sherlock about the rest of the conversation he had had with Mycroft he had said the first thing that had popped up in his mind. The thing was that except for their words in the cab, what it felt like ages before, there had not been time or energy to talk about
“It was – John and I together, it was perfect.” He said.
giving you my blessing to martyr yourself again, Sherlock!" Mycroft said, and Sherlock didn't remember the last time he had heard that tone of voice coming from his brother.
“I’m fine. I’m not tired.” John said.
Sherlock though -- he looked mostly impatient, uncaring of the new bruises and the stitches that had to be remade (and thank God he had not tore the ones inside, those were still holding up.) and the bruised rib.
Sherlock was –
John looked at him, frowning. Greg shrugged and said, “Sherlock would be less polite.”
“Why would you want to let me go?” John asked, “How do I know you won’t kill me the second I get out of here?”
How on Earth did they even have time to come up with a code name to that mission?
“Why am I still here?” He asked, forcing himself to stop looking at John, to focus on Mary, instead.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, considering his words, but said, "I'm not spending another night at the A&E."
, why he had been so blind. It had been all so clear for him that morning.
John knew he would owe Greg forever, because the man didn’t even try and stop him from following them. Greg put his foot down with William Moore because, MI6 or not, he was a civilian whose fiancé had been kidnapped. Because he had seen all the pictures sent to Moore’s mobile phone. And Moore didn’t know what Bennett had said, how he had described what would happen to Joan if Sherlock didn’t do what he asked him to do.
