his brain supplies.
But there it is. Resurfacing above a graveyard of all dead dreams and agonies, a want nonetheless.
“I still make you anxious.” Steve comments instead, full on beaming now, a fierce like wonder sparkling in his eyes and Tony fails. He fails horrendously.
He doesn’t want to call Steve Rogers, much less, talk to him or work with him or just, anything at all – with him.
The night before they go to Wakanda, Tony goes back to the tower and have dinner with Pepper.
His fingers come to abrupt halt sometimes and he pulls a sharp breath in, like he’s catching himself in the motion, realising what he’s tracing, but mostly, it’s a calming rhythm; bottom half circle, to the left, back to the centre, top half of the circle, to the right, back to the centre, rinse and repeat.
“They must have found out about my SHIELD servers’ break ins,” Tony groans, scrubbing his face as he paces.
half before she could even finish grieving for the former.
How it was only hopes and warmth and
Tony watches and admires the engineering of the limb. More so, he feels guilty about ruining the one before this.
Visibly, he only nods in acknowledgment, hesitating awhile at the doorstep when Barnes turns back to focus on his task. Tony really wants to work the kinks out and he really,
He feels the press of Steve’s mouth over his head and he closes his eyes, pulling a breath in.
"Hey Steve?" He calls. "C’mere honey."
Once Tony’s finished, Pepper’s hums thoughtfully, digesting the load with sips of boxed orange juice, courtesy of DUM-E’s evolved sense of hospitality.
And Tony, his dearest sweetheart, his sweetest fella, catches the end of his tie and brings it to his mouth. Bites it with a devilish grin and he asks, "What? This?"
Instead, all his energy goes into worrying if maybe Steve hasn’t really wanted him to stay when he asked him too and now, he’s very unwelcomed where he is.
“Did someone say that?”
When he steps out, closing the door behind him, Steve’s waiting for him, seated on the edge of the bed as he hunches over, elbows propped over his knees, hands clasping and unclasping nervously in front of him.
Bucky freezes in his hold. Going all tense and he never signed up for this. He doesn’t deserve this load but God, is Tony ever so selfish.
Pepper finds him fitting into his Bleeding Edge armour – his work left long in progress when things took a turn to down a while back.
Tony only falters once before calling for Barnes to notify the time, and they both make it to dinner together, which must have been a sight to behold – Bucky Barnes and Tony Stark, walking side by side, two times in a row – because Rogers looks thunderstruck.
There’s no hovering metal arm over Steve’s shoulder as he imagined but that doesn’t mean that Barnes never gave him at least a single pat since sitting beside him.
“Fuck,” Tony exhales, fingers miles ahead from his brain, dancing across Steve’s naked torso freely as he takes him in with an awed expression.
Right now, he likes how near they are, how small they’ve made themselves to be in the queen-sized bed they’ve been provided with.
“You should try it, good for heart they say.” James growls, grumpy as usual in the early hours.
“You say that now, but you’ll forget all about us when you get there,” Sam jabs his spoon at her grumpily. “You’ll be all about partying with the younglings there all day all night.”
Tony lets Shuri’s excitement seep through his veins, take some of the shocking numbness away from there.
Steve is intent, but Tony knows that behind that careful blankness is fear, if they were going to disappoint Wanda this time around too.
His hand shakes, and a thumb hovers over the buttons, the only saved number in the phone staring at him mockingly.
“Never met any expectations so far,” Tony adjusts his shades up as T’Challa pushes open a wide door, nodding at him to go in first.
“Not me,” Steve chuckles, looking up with mirth swirling in his blue eyes. “It’s Rhodey,” he winks uncharacteristically.
If only –
Tony presses a thumb to his lips and shushes him.
“Easy,” Tony says, pulling out the file JARVIS has picked up for him. “When you dig at the right spot, you’ll find what you’re looking for.”
Well, except he
He kisses Steve.
Hefted it, planted it and gave it one harsh
going to tell me?” Steve catches his wrists, tugging him close until their noses meet.
Even a demigod will break in here.
She never visits him after that.
“You brought it up,” Tony chuckles. “And no, Pepper. Not already.” He adds, because she is tapping incessantly on her flute, not so discreetly displaying her impatience.
He wakes up with JARVIS’s name on the tip of his tongue and an irritating beeping sound surrounding him. He swats at it. Someone catches his hand.
Didn’t feel like the love Tony felt for him when he said ‘I love you’.
Tony shifts a little so he could card his other fingers through Steve’s hair and pets him idly.
Steve’s chuckle breaks into a gasp when Tony yanks at his hair hard, nips at his lips, licks into his mouth and kisses him stupid.
“Can you come over?”
He hears a humourless snort and only then he dares to look at Steve, taking a deep inhale as his focus shifts.
But Tony yanks the drink from her and glares. “Pepper.
Steve doesn’t get it together. Instead, he apparently thinks it’s extremely appropriate to lean in an nuzzle Tony’s cheek before kissing it. In front of everyone else. (Well not really when they’re all busy with their own thing but still-)
do,” Steve replies without missing a beat. Tony’s mind stutters a second before picking back up.
Tony overheard Natasha planning a girls’ day out with Wanda on Tuesday before she leaves for a mission on Wednesday – a last minute favour call from Fury.
She says, yes. “But I suggest we wait. This particular group takes two weeks before its effects are seen and it’ll be a set back if you decide to change to something else now.”
Somehow, that just fuels him to keep going.
He forgot that he’s in socks, otherwise bare feet, with a stupid pajama pants and a threadbare t-shirt without his undershirt on. Fuck. He forgot.
Maybe they do.
He looks so carefree and happy. Young again, like he’s gotten nothing in the world to worry about; weightless and unburdened.
come,” he tells Steve over the phone. “They don’t know your involvement. Let’s keep it that way.”
Kinda sucks, since 30% of his job involves travelling. He never rests during these times, usually.
Steve wasn’t kidding about the celibacy. Tony looks at him gravely and declares, “I am injured and horny and you are making this especially difficult for me.”
There’s a quiet firmness in the way he asks the question, giving no space for Tony’s bullshit.
He takes his cold hand, hard metal and he twines their fingers together, keeps their clasped hands on his straightened out leg, leans his head back against the glass panel separating them from the world and he asks.
prompt: One person stopping a kiss to ask “Do you want to do this?”, only to have the other person answer with a deeper, more passionate kiss
“Nope,” Steve agrees. “It’s bed, breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks,” he crunches pointedly on the Cheetos. Tony glares at him.
Isn’t that what Steve used to tell Tony before?
Once burnt, twice shy, they say. The burn across Tony’s chest is still painful to this day, he daren’t try another time so soon.
Steve’s hurt. He just cannot fight it; is exhausted of fighting against it and sure, if that makes him a fool, then so be it. Christen him that way, go ahead.
"Yeah," Bucky sighs, "fuck him," not caring what to say anymore. Mind still reeling from the sight he'd just seen; Tony.
Bucky smirks, recalling nasty bathroom stall and the lustful urgency that had trumped comfort.
without him, Stark. This is not my place to say but I’m not sorry for all that I’ve already said. I just want you both to be happy.”
But the wiggle to his lips betray his mischievous intent spectacularly and Steve's already one foot out of the elevator by the time Tony lunges for him.
Tony stares at the text, Saturday morning bright as the Sun beams from over the adjacent building. Rays spilling in rainbows over the white tiles of his living room as he sits gloomily at the dining table.
“It’s kinda cold tonight,” he smiles, soft eyes tempting like whiskey on a lonely evening, “Warm me up?” and Tony has to roll his eyes at that.
about how he may have not recovered at all and it was all only to last as long as he was stowed in a recovery home, coming out of there means jumping head first into the entire hell spiral and
“Sorry bout that.” He says. “Not this one but the – you know…,” he trails off, when Barnes turns questioning eyes on him.
her, he did.
“Steve,” he hisses into the darkness, temporarily blinded and he’s shivering from fright. His entire core is shut down; from electricity to the armour’s response signal. He feels as naked and vulnerable as he was in that cave in Afghanistan but this time, it’s in his own home.
“I mean. Rhodey isn’t too happy ‘bout it…,” He trails of, peering at her from under his lashes.
Because –
He ignores both resolutely.
He’s more focused on Steve’s face. The soft way in which kitchen lights highlight his features against the jarring shade of red below his neck.
and a private party for Steve Rogers on Avengers’ tower’s rooftop.
“They’re yours. You didn’t eat your lunch,” Steve hands the box to him, and a bottle of water. “Wash them first.”
How, when, he’d heard of Tony, Tony doesn’t know. But he thinks about it often. Almost every second of the day and that gruff voice hunts him deep into his sleep.
That’s as far as Pepper will admit to saving the others if only, they’d come to the tower too, and Tony doesn’t begrudge her for that thought.
But Steve lingers on. Eyes flickering to Tony minutely while he goes about kicking the pile of rolled up tapes to the wall and returns to the bench to pick up his stuffs.
He wishes it’s that easy to expel the quelling frustration from his system; just breathe out. He wishes. But wishes are fishes. Nothing is ever going to come out of them.
The days when the entire universe revolved only around Steve and him. When every blink of Steve’s blue eyes meant something to him. When every careless word that slipped past Tony’s lips meant something to Steve.
Tony hums, deliberately stalling. “How about I show you?” he offers impishly.
, Rhodey doesn’t say.
. He clicks on the latest one and it’s a clipped paragraph demanding him to consider a proposition. He clicks on the attached folder and it’s the Hellicarrier’s engineering plan with its flight system replaced by what looks like a resized repulsor tech. Tony stares at it for a minute before exiting.
Tony twists to glance over his shoulder – refusing to ruin the perfect comfort he’d achieved to sleep – at the window Steve never bothers to hang a curtain over because he likes looking out of it at the lake that expands beyond the compound. Obviously, no one can look inside, and it helps get him in the mood when he’s sketching.
He tells her about it.
“What?” he blurts out, brown eyes blinking wide in surprise. Steve's own chest is blooming hopes like daisies in spring.
The workshop is now a communal place and he’s stuck here under mandatory requirements also, while companies are not something he wants now, Barnes in the corner, minding his own business feels like he’s not going to bother Tony anytime soon. Therefore, Tony begrudgingly decides to give it a chance.
His back aches, all the way from his rear that sears in blinding hot pain when he tries to move – that maybe from sex, most likely non-consensual – but, who the fuck cares. Right?
Swallowing against the swelling lump in his throat, Tony throws a harried glance at Barnes before bolting out of the area.
“I have talked to Captain Rogers about this. I have told him what I’m telling you now. He listened, in the early months, he even sought after you. But suddenly, he stopped. He stopped trying and he stopped listening. Since you reminded me of the very nature of our relationship, Mr Stark, I must point out that my views and suggestions do not change; even in the priority of the Earth.
“I want to talk about Steve Rogers today.” He says, sitting down in front of his psychiatrist cum therapist the next day.
Quite unlike the way he nuzzles into Tony’s hand, a barrier between his cheek and the pillow under his head; soft and shaky.
How he believes that he
He piles plies over plies of tissues over the spill and turns to Tony. “You’re serious.”
For a second, Bucky’s stunned. But something flashes in his eyes and he barks out a laugh soon after.
It’s all over the place.
Never stopped. Through the pain, the emptiness, and it’s with a bleeding void; like that time when Steve’s shield met his reactor and his heart burst into nothing.
“Which one is this?”
“Very,” Tony admits, “Never thought I’d see Captain America being bossed around.” He repeats with a smirk.
“It’s fine if you don’t want to reinstall FRIDAY but I took in the liberty to install a safety protocol for you. The vital sensors still work and
“Hmm,” he hums. Then he asks, “May I?” Leaning in to inch the pointer on the colour contrast bar a little to the right when Tony gives a nod.
“Howard.” Tony stops. “Mom and him. They were murdered. It wasn’t a car crash.”
Except Pepper hugs him and apologizes during their dinner that night and Tony finds it hard to swallow down burning tears.
Lying spent next to Steve is another renewed old thing.
What Tony thought was a one-time, stretched out, deliberately strategized apology from Barnes (maybe because he also realised the first time was off and he had to hear it in thorough words that there’s nothing ugly between Tony and him), turns out to be a, well, not a one-time thing.
Frowning, Steve tips his head sideways and asks, “Why?”
“Mr Stark. You have to understand -,” she starts in a practiced cold tone and Tony, he cannot deal with this now.
“’S that why you started protecting me from myself.”
“How’s he doing?” He asks into the throw pillow that smells like Bucky. “Friday?”
There’s a beat of silence down the line. Longer than before. Strenuous and Tony can hear when Rhodey pulls in a breath.
Hence, demon.
If only Steve told him –
They got to know each other when Tony was in his early teens and Rhodey in his late. It wasn’t an instant connection. They didn’t propel each other immediately either.
“Urgh,” Someone groans and Tony turns to see Rhodey walking in with a duffel bag flung over his shoulder.
“I don’t know what else to say. I keep… hurting you.”
But in that moment, Tony realises, that he’s only Steve Rogers.
Tony walks inside to find Steve waiting for him. “Is she okay?” He asks.
He pulls in a breath and declares, “I want to fix it.”
But once it’s risen, there will be nothing able to stop it.
“Jesus.”
Like a burnt man poking at the fire just so he can remember how it once felt to burn. Tony
He looks away and he remembers. The three of them rarely in one room together, but Steve and Pepper had their own thing. Art museums and classical music. They had their own equation.
“Woah,” Bucky says, taking a step back. Eyes guarded and fixed slightly to the right of Tony’s face.
Rhodey had kept his spot in front of Tony and Rogers never attempted, not even once, to approach him.
It’s only fair for all those years he’d ignorantly played the part of Merchant of Death, robbing people of love and the world of its peace.
know how I feel about you?”
“You hurt me the most but you also make me the happiest. Not a day. Not a second in my life I’ve felt happiest that wasn’t with you in it.”
Wanda still retires early from movie nights.
Rhodey huffs out a laugh, shaking his head in disbelief and he scrubs his face once more, tilting his head back and when he opens his eyes again, the pitiful smile is gone, replaced by a flat look.
glad.
“No?” Steve snorts, squeezing Tony by his waist as he looks up at him incredulously.
“What?”
For the end of the world battle, it isn’t so bad.
Their attraction is youthful, passion burning with no inhibition, almost blinding them both from anything else but them. Tony remembers in details how that once felt.
Rhodey’s out. Unfortunately, so is the man he’s looking for.
Thirty minutes later, Steve’s in the elevator.
But the needles don’t stop.
He takes a deep inhale, nose still buried in Tony’s palm and this time, Tony breathes in with him.
She looks like she’s been spending half a year bawling and only a fraction of that living.
“God.” Tony breathes into damp blonde hair.
Not the kind which comes from dried leaves, filtrated and packed into three fingers width paper bag with instructions to steep for exactly three minutes and no less or more in a cup of 80degree Celsius water, no less, no more.
He saw first-hand how Howard treated him.
of yourself. As for my opinion of you, I maintain that you’re not disappointing Mr Stark. But you are, a broken man. The Captain is too. Anyone with two functioning eyes can see that.”
Tony doesn’t know exactly why his heart skips a beat; for the kiss or for the wink. Either way, he finds himself sucking in a deep breath and savouring the taste of it.
They put Good Omens on and curl up on the coach with Chinese take-outs. After the second episode, Pepper excuses herself to change into something more comfortable; Tony’s shirt and an old pair of sweats.
It’s not even a bright glow, it’s dull, muted by the blanket he’s wrapped around in, but it’s still there and it brings forth a rush of memories from the back of his head; Rhodey calling out on Tony for hiding about it to Steve, Steve telling how Nat should tell Barnes about Bruce because it builds trust, Pepper recounting the mess they’ve been through all while Tony sat there and found out for the first time that Steve had been around it all.
So many things have changed. Before, and after Thanos.
Perhaps that is the sort of thing that acts as a precursor to a friendship.
He gets closer, but not too close. And he waits.
Good. Tony doesn’t think he can live through another heartbreak like that.
“Are you sure of what you’re doing?” Rhodey asks him, once he’s sure Steve has walked far enough to defeat his super hearing.
He fears the urge to fix which he’s been born with will start acting up and he doesn’t want to open someone else’s can of worms when his own had only just, shut close.
Now, he just does it because he loves her, and she looks like she needs it.
Rhodey has his back.
So, what’s the deal, then. What is Barnes playing at?
Tony goes back to the tower.
But it’s wet. Her mascara doesn’t even smudge. She’s blotchy, but still pretty as she cries. Tony can only love her more for staying.
This is Steve. Steve Rogers. Captain America. God, he’s never – Steve had
He was so hateful; he was so done with everything, numb to the world, apathetic, except for Tony Stark who just couldn’t stop bothering him and time after time managed to rile him up something different. He hated Tony too, once upon a time.
Tony takes a sharp turn and bangs the bedroom door behind him, sweat squeezing out of his pores as something seizes his ribs and squeezes around them tight until he cannot breathe.
“Barnes said you and Rhodey had an interesting day with the Council last Wednesday,” Tony brings up as he pours a second helping of tea for Steve and himself.
He stays long enough to know that everything
This week - This one will be theirs and theirs only.
“Are you okay?” Bucky asks. He’s worried as shit and it’s so apparent that Tony laughs at him.
It’s late summer but something about the secluded farmhouse in the middle of nowhere makes the wind chiller. And his body responds with a shiver when a draft passes by. He looks up, checks the window and he knows it’s closed tight; he did that a minute ago.
“I’m amazeballs, Princess.”
“Uh, huh. Sure.” She rolls her eyes, passing him his dinner plate. “Now focus, this is the best episode of the season.”
“I hear that I keep hurting you in return, so we’ll consider that a fair pay. I don’t mean to. I’m sure you don’t either. But. I don’t want your apologies.” Tony tells him.
There’s a war coming on; it’s somewhere near the horizon and Tony can almost taste it on his tongue, his bones ache from the revelations. There’s a prisoner of war two floors below who needs more than regular healing. Upstairs, his penthouse is in crumbles but that’s for next morning. Along with the calls he has to make to Pepper and Rhodey to elaborate what short-sentenced assurance Steve has given them when he was out of it.
Tony feels the manic urge to laugh. “Oh wow. So, this is how Natasha felt.” He mumbles mostly to himself.
But he has no dreams. No wish-lists. He has wish-lists for what to get done before the aliens invade the Earth again, but he has no wish-lists for himself. No plans for companionship or family etcetera.
Wanda is the first one to leave the table; quietly excusing herself as she washes and dries her dirty dishes before bidding all of them a mumbled goodnight, shaky fingers gripping tightly onto the thick cardigan, wrapping it snuggly around her.
Tony shrugs, “He’s telepathic, platypus. Extremely so. There’s only so much that he can help with.”
This year, Tony thinks of snow, cottage and warmth.
If that tricked worked on Tony, it
His shirt is soaked through when he reaches the tower. So are his socks and if his pants aren’t jeans, it will be too.
His thoughts feel
She asks, looking out into the open as they stand side by side in the backyard, basking in the morning sun light, and Tony gathers Steve has proposed the idea to her.
Not power or magic trick, only mundane mortal humanly, weighted gaze, seeking for answers.
Steve lets him do all that with a growing smile across his face. And once Tony deems the position complete, he feels Steve’s hand hooking at the back of his knee and another rubbing a circle in between his shoulder blades.
His gaze is slightly unfocused, a faraway stare like he’s there but somewhere else as well.
At the expense of Vision – his sweet, summer child, Vision.
Silence.
Except, his method of interception had been to press closely behind Tony while he’s running an important calculation and start trailing kisses from Tony’s nape up to his jaw and then nudging his head aside to reach for his mouth, husking, “I need you now” with each stroke of his tongue.
Tony glances at him over a shoulder, “You know where your room is. I’ve got some work to do, I’ll be in the shop.”
Either way, by the time Tony goes for his next appointment, he finds himself talking about Natasha with a relative calmness within him. And when he mentions Barnes, he feels the same thing too, but a smile makes through the end of it.
Was what Tony said.
“I’ll tell Wanda.” Steve decides.
Tony stopped. The room stilled in the silence, and he turned to face Steve. Eyes bright even in his weariness and he persisted. “Not without you.”
“Please,” Rhodey scoffs, swallowing his own mouthful, but only speaking after, because he’s more decadent than Tony could ever. “Reserve that damned Cap title for your boyfriend. I don’t wanna hear it near me.”
Stating, not asking, because he did. He knows he did.
Wedged between Bruce and Natasha, he looks cosy in his red sweater. The temperature inside is not as cold to warrant layers, but chilly enough for goose-bumps to rise above their skin.
He doesn’t know if he gave himself away; but super serum and super soldiers, he can’t rely on his luck as long as they are there.
“What!?”
An observation masking his real question. Whether the question is,
He tips his head down, braver than before, moves closer – how they can get closer than they already were, Tony doesn’t know.
Chuckling, Bucky turns to catch Tony's still rambling mouth in a kiss and effectively shuts him up.
He drags the digit down with a regretful sigh. For some things that he wants, there’ll be a time and place for them. This is not it.
Tony feels his face burn. Do they? He – Well -
“This is why I didn’t tell you.”
He tears open the bag of chips, guzzles down two bottles of water before he shoves a handful of bland chips into his mouth. He knows Steve’s still looking, but he avoids his gaze, anyway. Keeps shoving more chips into his mouth even though he’s close to choking and only when he hears the bathroom door close, he stops.
Where was Steve Rogers when Tony
“I don’t know what I want.” She frowns, gaze affixed on the mug clutched to her chest.
He’s one elbow deep in the guts of his old armour - which he’d shifted here to work on while he waits in between the scheduled team activities – when he realises with a huff that he’s perhaps a little too far from the plier he’d placed on the table.
Trust, he thinks, it’s the word he’s seeking.
“You’re healing, Tony. There’s nothing wrong with it. Today is just harder than yesterday, hm?”
“But… it’ll get better.” She shrugs, easy on her shoulder but with tight conviction.
Tony smiles when Steve tosses the damp-towel he’d brought from the bathroom into his laundry basket with precision. This is familiar.
“AHA!” he points at Rhodey. Beaming like the biggest loon. “So, this is what Steve meant.” He laughs at Rhodey’s increasingly confused look.
It’s 2014, July 4
Tony’s eyes seem to soften marginally before they harden and he bodily slams Steve up against the wall. Everything happens so quickly then forth that Steve's first conscious thought is: Is he kissing me?
Finally, she nods, quickly once. “I’ll do my best.”
And now that they’re putting that behind, he feels relieved and really,
Then he takes it out. His knees jump.
He’s not the only one to realise that. He is also not the only to have those leaks either. On multiple occasions, he has been on the receiving ends of Rhodey’s disapproving looks. Tony doesn’t know what to think of that.
Ageing however, has scraped out his hard edges and shaped him more malleable with every new experience and dare he say: these days, he prefers sparkling juice to actual champagne.
“Been picking after his messes have you?” Tony sneers, his vicious mood thriving in jealousy of what Barnes will always share with Rogers. Something unattainable even if Tony is to break seven levels of hell to get to Rogers.
He showers in crimson for a fortnight before he exhausts himself of that effort too and fails to move from bed for the next one week or so.
The doctor suggests he doesn’t blind himself too much. “Maybe the other party suffered as much too.”
“No, you don’t.”
Tony remembers Harlem. Going by the look in Bruce eyes, he’s sure the man is reliving said event as well.
“I’m meeting Pepper tomorrow, for lunch.”
“It’s not,” comes the mechanical voice. Rhodey takes a step closer and ruffles his hair with a gauntleted hand.
Pepper apologizes with pouty lips and wide blue eyes. Soft lines of sorry and regret enveloping her apology effectively. Rhodey. Never apologizes. Rhodey does no wrong.
It’s stupid. It’s incredibly stupid. But god, he wants.
Steve’s fingers are deceptively smooth. For a man who punches for living, he’s unscarred, thanks to his serum.
Steve’s flushed face gives way to a smile and Tony responds in kind, his own blood whooshing everywhere out of control, before he recalls the reason he is actually there for.
The truth is, Tony cannot hold it in until next weekend.
The first night in the tower after the entire team moved in, Tony walked into the kitchen looking for coffee, but found the ex-assassin slash Spy instead.
Tony doesn’t want to, but at this point, there is literally nothing he wouldn’t do for Pepper Potts.
“How did you find him?” Steve asks, half in awe, half in agony.
And that's neither Bucky’s nor Tony’s faults - Never.
Her fingers are gentle when they retrace the awfully matching purple prints she had left on his left wrist, her expression carefully blank.
To her credit, she holds his gaze, unwavering, green eyes flickering slightly as if she’s trying to read into him. Tony lets her.
Dinner is a quiet affair with Wilson, Bruce, Natasha and Wanda. Barnes doesn’t make his appearance and Tony suggests Natasha go fetch him.
“There’s nothing to tell.” He grumbles, muffling his roughened voice in them.
Cutleries.
Alive, dead, or yet to meet, Tony doesn’t care, doesn’t even want to, because Steve has ruined him for everyone else.
, Steve had shrugged casually, when Tony asked him about it and that’s when it properly cemented in Tony’s brain that Steve Rogers is not that much of a stick in the mud. Guy can joke too, apart from looking like the pinnacle of perfection. Not Fair.
She takes a while to comprehend, and then the colours rush brilliantly to her cheeks. Blooming rosy pink. It brings the little smatter of freckles on her face alive. Tony knows she hates it, but he had always found it endearing when she blushes.
That's the thing isn't it - But.
Tony pulls his equally horrifying blue ‘
His eyes drift back to Steve’s hand and he can vividly envision his own curling around it, squeezing, feeling the strength of Steve’s fist under his own skin, but he doesn’t do it.
They all will return to enrol her come New Year. Every single Avenger, Tony’s sure. Not a single exception.
Because nothing,
Then the crowd applauds, and it’s surreal; Bucky could smell hydrangea and roses, make out tulips and lilies as he scoops his husband up in his arms.
Point is, Rhodey is right.
Straight back into the clearing where he last saw the purple alien.
His hand pauses in its action submerged in Steve’s hair and he realises with a mild surprise that he’s been soothingly running his fingers through them, petting Steve.
“You got problem with that?”
“You don’t know,” Tony states, receiving another wet plate from him to towel-dry.
“Tony.”
“Trying.” Tony fills in her blank and immediately garners her undivided attention for himself. A curious quirk of her carefully plucked eyebrow.
Tony’s clad in a crumpled suit, dosed more in pheromones and sweat than his perfume with prickly stubble poking between his meticulously trimmed beard that desperately need a shave.
He takes the seat beside Tony on the dining table and hunches over his own mug printed with garish pink ‘
He pushed Steve so hard for so long, he’s finally seeing how Steve looks, broken; is he happy now?
So when Steve bucks upwards once with a shudder and tips them over onto the couch, he goes smugly and eager.
“How did you know Danvers?!”
A person.
have to end with them.
“Steve.” He clarifies.
Pepper nods. Tony swallows the lump in his throat with a block of paneer tikka.
He hears a muffled protest accompanied by a shrill giggle and before Tony realises, he’s grinning easily as he bids Shuri goodbye, hoping someone saves her from the wrath of her brother.
“We’re visiting Wakanda tomorrow, wanna come with? Lunch time. Around one.”
that year, he hopes to never remember.
The one that shakes him inside out from how much he loves Steve and it's with exactly that feeling he tips Steve's chin up, and presses a kiss on his forehead.
Bruce turns his faraway stare to him. Stripped off the buzzing nerves, he’s an exhausted, broken man.
“I texted you I was working on something dangerous!”
They missed a note. Tony picked it up for him. Steve turned his head, nose pressing into Tony’s cheek and he insisted, “You should go to sleep.”
He makes a mental note to bring this problem up during his next appointment. As for now, he can only hope that it miraculously stops soon.
“What I was trying to say before you rudely talked over me were, pluses and minuses. You have your wrongs where you also have you rights and when provided no contexts, to which I cannot point what exactly, they naturally cancel out. Making you a mundane homo sapiens. Like the rest of us.” She smiles serenely.
Tony swats at it, hurting himself more than the other and he hisses, glaring at the mechanically cackling Rhodey.
“I don’t know,” Tony snaps. “What is this? Make Tony feel bad Sunday?”
Either way, what’s distracting is how he categorizes Rogers as his demon now.
“Jesus!” He exclaims, hand going to his chest.
“I just want it to stop.” She says, her dull eyes red-rimmed, now that Tony looks at her closely.
With one hand, he frees the tiny wrench from Tony’s grip while he holds Tony’s head to his mouth with the other, pressing a kiss and he combs his hair back, leaning away, looking into Tony’s eyes when a shiver wrecks down Tony’s spine.
to keep them happy?
According to the team, that was the day their mom and dad stopped being hopelessly stupid.
Tony intercepts him with another kiss; a little sharp with teeth this time, murmuring, “Nu’uh. Don’t wanna hear. You still owe me for last night.” As he noses at Steve’s cheek.
“When you say feel…,”
Trying to move on is… not easy.
He doesn’t wait for him to go on. He doesn’t have the energy in him for that; every one of his cells is still vibrating from those words Rogers – Steve. Fuck.
Tony seeks them as he clutches to his own dignity as he puts it bravely in lane and asks, voice soft and faded, couldn’t get it out louder even if he tries, “Do you regret?”
“I thought we did. Six times and they’re still running it somewhere in here for SHIELD cretins to catch what we didn’t. So you can go join them.” Tony rattles off dryly, rubbing his chest with one hand while he jabs the button for lobby with the other.
He also doesn’t miss the non-alcoholic champagne or the celebratory spread. It doesn’t feel a lot like a celebration when there’s nothing to celebrate anymore.
Bucky frowns, his thought stream seems to stutter in the lagging and when he finally speaks, it’s a hoarse and confused, “'M sorry?”
Steve looks up, fingers stilling over the keyboard and he breaks into a smile the instant he sees Tony by the door. “Mission report.” he answers easily, the smile giving into a grin when Tony steps inside.
It’s not so simple anymore. It’s complicated.
It’s cold but at the same time, Tony’s warm. He lets his head fall over Steve’s strong shoulder, breathing him in lungsful.
Tony snorts, “Geez, Pepper. Thanks.”
But Peggy Carter is lost. Somewhere between old memories and contained anger, and she sniffles, “I will not let you replicate the serum.”
Bucky comes down with him. All too willingly, on his knees and Tony really cannot do this right now. But nothing’s been fair in his life in forty fucking years so when Bucky asks, “Hey, you need something?” he chuckles and blurts out “A hug, I need a hug so badly right now, I’d kill a fish with my bare hands.”
“I hurt you too.” Tony points out, mouthing up his neck.
Steve exhales lengthily, sagging again, as if the weight of the entire world is only peeling out of his shoulders layer by layer, not all at once; one breath per layer.
The next time he sees Steve, it’s not even Saturday and he got a cast on his right arm.
He chuckles when Steve lets out a high sound promptly turning it into a low grunt, as if to let the caller know that he’s listening.
kinds of monsters just yet and Pepper, because she’s the fucking CEO of Stark Industries and you have to make an appointment a year and half in advance to get to her.
It’s infectious. Illegal but infectious and beautiful; the way he smiles like that and effortlessly pulls a smile out of Tony as well.
Except he lands hard somewhere in the waterfall area and it takes him a few seconds but he manages to pick his aching body off of the ground and bolts up into the air.
The way he keeps minutely running his palms up and down the outsides of his thighs. The way he keeps swallowing and breathing a little unsteadily.
Natasha lets him go, back straightening and she barely gives Tony anything before she’s storming out of the area, Barnes watching her leave.
Not all too smoothly but, good enough for the time.
is the fucking point?
A text reads. Tony snorts without a second thought and immediately sniffs to cover it up when Shuri clears her throat.
Has he been in love with Steve Rogers? Yes.
“He’s good to you?” He asks her.
Between this and that, he has forgiven Steve on his own term. Unpressured by the mountain of apologies Steve poured over him.
“Sleep,” Steve says. “Whatever’s in your mind, it can wait.”
Carefully manicured fingernails playing at the top buttons of her silk cream top.
Tony doesn’t want to go there, no, no, -
Steve glances at him, passing him a handful of spoons and forks. Thank god for Korean night, there’re no knives.
He rolls that thought in his mind, sitting in the forefront as he ponders over deciding to reveal, then slowly, he thinks of the right time to reveal.
“Good. I’m allowed to have friends other than the great Tony Stark.”
. A teen who’s many dreams he’s fulfilling in less than a 24hours time span and a woman who has been in hidings because she cannot understand who she is but has now decided to bravely step out, putting her trust in Tony and it all is…
Tony watches as Steve rolls up two more tapes before pocketing his own clammy hands and asks, “So, did you talk to her?”
But Steve is not listening.
All there was, was a heavy cloud of worries and paranoia and the urge to see Steve. Right then, that second. With his three-piece suit and Armani dress shoes still on.
“Two days,” Steve exhales, his head falls, forehead hits the edge of the bed and there’s a shiver that wrecks through his spine as he holds onto Tony’s hand through it. “Fuck,” he swears airily.
He's faced enough himself to know it is nobody's fault. Nobody did nothing or too much or too little and that it just happens, sometimes; without triggers, without comprehensible reasons and you move on from there.
“I was looking for my parents’ murderer,” Tony tells him.
He boards the jet to California with a brief message to Pepper.
. Exactly
He looks forward to the session during those times especially.
“What did Steve mean?” Rhodey bugs him but Tony thinks he’s going to hold onto that just for the heck of it.
Tony knows, because he’s been methodically counting their synchronized breathing and Steve has missed five of his.
Siblings. He wonders how it feels to have one.
It makes Tony pause, still standing on the stool, file retrieved - which he hands over to Dum-E - and he smirks.
"No. Come on," he waves, "Come cuddle with me."
She’s beautiful like that. She sees him desperate for an out and she gives him.
He turns off the tap. His fingers chilled from the cold water. In the end, he tips the full glass over and watches as the water spirals down the drain.
So he tears his emotions away, shoves them into a box, closes the lid and he crosses the room to the kitchen.
“If SHIELD brings this up to the council, I’m gonna sell you out,” Rhodey warns seriously, but Tony knows it’s an empty threat.
“If it’s alright, may I speak with Wanda alone?” Miss Grey asks, sharp eyes focused solely on Wanda.
Peggy Carter is lucid. Sometimes, not so. But she recognizes Tony and twists his ear for missing her birthday.
There are so many ways to decipher that. So many ways Tony can pick and knit everything they’ve been through in their respective life and align it so it begins with them and ends also, with them.
Tony’s heart stutters to a stop and has a hard time restarting. Pepper nods at him understandingly but allows him his own time of recovery.
Wilson and Natasha tried talking to him over breakfast.
The silence is deafening for a few heavy seconds. They watch as James Barnes progressively turns different shades of red and shifting to purple when Sam splutters out laughing. But the throw-knife that lands neatly right next to his head puts an immediate end to it.
Even if he realises that this gives way to another repeat of what went down before, he feels he knows better now. Has learnt to grow up and grown to accept it as a norm that exists within a team. Part and parcel of a
Tony thinks,
He misses the way those blue reflect lights and dark and the way they bask in the glow of his reactor –
Tony thinks to himself.
He takes a sharp swerve, the dull whoosh past his ear and then, Thanos lays; separated from his right-hand gauntlet on the ground.
And they're
He feels so helpless that he swallows his sobs and reads through the meditation pamphlet.
His brain is woozy, his palms sweaty and he’s got goose bumps trailing down his neck. He’s running on knee-jerk alert and coffee with helluva lot of touch starvation.
He debates about launching it post-beta with Pepper, sans promo, over the phone.
He brings another hand to push Tony’s hair back from his face – pausing doubtfully for a second, then braving on, touching his skin with Tony’s skin – and he carefully presses his palm over Tony’s cheek and ear, thumb tentatively brushing under Tony’s eye as Tony closes them,
From Rhodey to Tony, everyone looks at Wanda for answer. She will later tell them how much she appreciated that gesture - them, collectively putting her faith in her own hand and letting her decide for herself rather than forcing one on behalf of her, in the name of looking out for her - that level of trust.
Wilson and Wanda are on his tail, both wearing an identical smirk. Tony feels the impulse to kiss Steve just to aggravate Rhodey, but then he realises with shuddering chills down his spine, just what he had thought about; so easily, without any repulsion.
“I was busy!” Tony hisses, marching out of the elevator as soon as the doors open; glad to rid himself off of Steve.
Time passes.
to him – that part which had been dormant for the past year, has once again started awaking.
Rhodey shoots him an unimpressed look. “I said, move on. Not get back in relationship with him. Does he even know about the reactor, Tony?”
Inside, it’s toasty. Warm, and autumnal spice linger around the compound air from what Tony has gathered, Wilson’s and Wanda’s common hobby of making candles.
Dropping the news as if it was a fun fact:
“Who?”
For all those number of times he questioned whether Steve Rogers actually meant when he said he loved him; because where was he? When Tony was down and rolling in hell,
, can mute when the broken starts to scream. Nothing. At all.
Tony rocks them back and forth, with what strength he still has in his bones, feels Steve’s breaths and heartbeats completely even out and his own with them, and he asks faintly when he can feel his tongue again, and move it;
“Unannounced.” She says, beaming in contrast to that glare she shoots at her company.
And this, a missed calculation. A mishap. Especially after the progressively strained way in which Rogers and him have been acting around each other after
So Tony does, plops on the edge of their bed and lets Steve untie his shoelace. Left side first and then right, leaves him in his socks and dress pants, a half-unbuttoned dress shirt and Steve pulls him upright.
The thing is, this is Natasha, and as far as Natasha’s concerned, this is as close as she’ll come to asking him to move in.
Tony’s going into his sixth month.
They work in silence, and when the silence grows deafening, Barnes asks Tony, how he’s feeling.
Inevitably, he wonders where Steve is.
To be honest, Tony misses his old doctor. She was,
Bucky presses his thumb pointedly into the bone and he admits regretfully that, "Miss Potts would skin us alive, darlin'. The last time in that gas station caused her too much trouble, remember?"
Steve brings his hand for an unannounced kiss and murmurs into the skin, “Consider it payback for keeping Danvers a secret,” he winks.
“Can’t believe Fury’s trying to talk me against crossing a fucking ocean.
Steve nudges back, brushing nose against nose, like some kind of animal Tony cannot think of at the moment.
She talks to him. Tells him something about
What would have once been a bitter realisation, is now an acceptable one. Tony has realised, he knows and continues to learn that the two of them revolve around each other come high or tide.
Tony thinks maybe it’s not just a Sam and Wanda thing. Maybe it’s Bruce too; making festive candles and decors.
Tony himself is wrapped in a cream cashmere and his slack from yesterday morning’s meeting. His eyes burn from the missed sleep but he smiles as he watches Steve laugh at his mates.
He imagines the mosses and barnacles that grow from the moist and years represent their layers of repressed issues and misunderstandings; so dangerously slippery and stubborn.
It's his thing. Tony keeps teasing him about it being a kink but really both of them know it's something more. Steve likes to undress Tony; take every inch of the clothes off of him, all patient and methodical, from top to bottom. Especially following fancy events like tonight.
They’ll fly to an island where nobody can find them and they’ll have each other to their hearts’ content.
– that he doesn’t even fucking care.
A promise; in that commanding voice of his which Tony almost despises that it took over since he
He used to get them from Pepper but Pepper is neither here nor near and Tony really really wants a hug.
Cowardice, fear, knowing he’d done wrong;
Steve stops him, both his struggling hands and his deliberate digression. Testament for how well Steve knows him; like the back of his own hand.
But Steve is a stubborn, stubborn man. He makes sure he gets what he wants by the sheer force of his will if that's what he's left to give. Or maybe it's Tony who's a weak dumb man when it comes to Steve.
p:p:s// if you like this story, pls share it on
Steve flushes red while Tony pointedly keeps his eyes focused on Rhodey from then onwards.
“I’m fine, Tony. Thank you for asking.” Steve smiles at him, warm and solid, just a forearm length away from Tony and god, does that want hangs like a boulder on a thread, pulling.
“Do you have something else?”
“Is he okay?”
Although her patience had been dwindling along with her emotions, threating to fray and give her off, she somehow, elegantly managed to maintain her bearings. In her own, Pepper Pott’s way.
He takes a shower, puts on the pair of cosy socks he carries when he travels, wraps himself around the softest blanket which, he also travels with.
What he doesn’t tell her is, within Broken People Club, there will be a subunit; Empty Souls. And he doesn’t think there will be anyone else in there except for him.
Fury looks away, “And you?” He barks. “Mr Stark!”
When he does, Tony spins around on his heel and pulls Steve to his barren bed. Crumpled sheet waits, promising some level of comfort.
Steve chuckles, “Before, because I assumed wrongly about you. Later because…,” He pauses thoughtfully before shrugging. “I don’t remember. But now I just like driving you mad,” he grins at Tony before planting a kiss on his mouth.
A flare of annoyance lights up within Tony. He gets that they’re best friends forever. Been through the 30s and 40s and war and whatsoever together. He
“Tones.” He hears Rhodey call.
Tony considers that too. “No,” he says. “Not really.” That’s mess that he had long since locked away - strangled and tied - and he doesn’t think there is an immediate reason requiring its release.
This time, Steve really shoves hard and Tony comes out with a silent cackle and still present evil glint in his eyes.
Worse than when he’d seen the trail of Steve’s back, leaving him in the cold of Siberia.
What his heart wants, his mind fears. Still. And every single second he spends with Steve is a war in itself.
And Tony agrees with him, he realises, as he bends a little to let his mouth brush over the short blonde strands and he presses a kiss, lips stretching into a smile over it.
Maybe it’s just Tony who is the outsider.
2015 July 4
Tony thinks she manages it well so far. She may have slipped here and there but she has been brave throughout. Held her own.
Tony thanks Charles for offering what he had. Rhodey exchanged contacts with him; on professional notion. There may be plans to work together in the future, after shaping the accords to accommodate the mutants.
Besides, it’s not like it’s so hard after all. Communicating without words is damn fucking easy especially when you have nothing to say.
“Tony, I only wanted to help.”
He hears the clinking tubes go silent, then a long-winded sigh before Bruce mutters an apology.
Maybe it’ll be nice to know that their grounds are levelled when it comes to affecting weakness to each other, he supposes.
Tony takes a shuddering inhale, shoving away the blanket, feet padding clumsily as he pries open the door, exiting himself into the dark hallway. It’s darker than when he’d last seen it, but none of that matter.
Steve turns around, those piercing blue eyes studying him from head to toe before they zero in on his chest. “Are you sure -,”
Then he says, with cool levelness, as if Tony is a five years old in need of a reminder.
He sees the way those bright blue eyes widen, and how they sweep all over Tony, taking him in.
Rogers doesn’t bother, making it clear that he’s only in here because he wanted to corner Tony. “Do you have another copy?” He asks, glancing at the shifting numbers as the elevator moves and he turns to Tony urgently, “The other me. He said something and I -,” he pauses, blue eyes bright and searching and Tony tries hard not to blink, as surprised as he is by this new information.
Just after Ultron. Post apologies and a night spent together cuddling and sleeping, and he’s there, alone, in Steve’s room because Steve had just gotten up to shower.
“Because he doesn’t listen to me.” T’Challa hisses, catching his loss of composure and regaining them promptly.
There’s a desperate urge to go seek Steve. To look at him, see him with his own two eyes because –
Steve’s room. But.
“It is custom for the next person to wield Wakanda’s throne to consume the Heart-Shaped Herb which would strip them off the inherent powers in order for them to reach their ultimate capacity of their power. When I gained mine, I could see the souls residing in people’s heart. I’ve seen many since, but the brightest is the Captains and the darkest is, fittingly, yours, Mr Stark.”
In his defence, he didn’t have her number. But he finally got to when he walked himself in the middle of a conference call Rhodey and Steve were having with Fury, Hill and Danvers.
Steve, standing shorter than Tony, when he looks up -  blue eyes bright behind frames of thick, darker lashes, lips pink and nose sharp - is delightfully precious.
“Jesus.” he jumps, well past midnight, a few days after he’d returned, in the penthouse kitchen, in the middle of his supply raid (because Pepper pulled her rights and cut direct deliveries to the shop).
They never dared to cling as they did that night in Xavier’s mansion. Thus far, they’ve only held hands, intertwined fingers and when Tony had been about to leave, they had shared gradually snugger hugs.
Peculiar as it is, with his bull-headedness and rash mindset, Rogers manages to keep away from Tony for one whole month.
“You make me the happiest too,” Steve murmured, his hand - still beneath Tony’s hand, pressed over Tony’s beating heart - have finally stopped shaking.
But the simple act of his bashfulness twists something worn within Tony’s gut. Something warm that has been shredded one too many times before.
Surely didn’t feel like he loved Tony then.
“Yes,” Steve says. Period. No place for arguments and it’s definite.
. Told him I wasn’t worth it, but he did what he did thinking he could fix it but when he realised he couldn’t, I think it was too late for him. He wouldn’t regret saving me because he’s stubborn like that. I’m sure you know that. But he’s suffering. That’s his punishment. And I can tell you this. I’ve never seen Stevie love someone like he loves you. You’re something else for him." Barnes says. "Us, soldiers, we used to dream of our ‘it’, you know. End the war, go back home, find a gal that makes you feel she’s ‘it’ and we’ll get married, settle down, all that happy thing.” Barnes breathes. Tony holds onto his.
Steve stays.
Because they look so much like they
Steve gives him a salute, says, “I think Jim’s up. I think,” and starts catching up with the guys.
"But I'm not Captain America," Steve grins, dropping the facade as he waddles clumsily behind Tony, marching out of the shop; the extra length of the comforter dragging like a tail behind him. "I'm Steve Rogers, making sure my boyfriend comes to bed on time."
“Why?” Steve beams, “Miss me already?”
Bucky’s already in the cradle when he lands; still clad in armour from neck down and he heads straight to where Helen Cho stands, manning the machine.
He cradled Steve’s head close until Steve was good to let loose and look at his face.
Worse, way,
And then, “C’mere,” he tugs. Pulling Tony closer, pressing his palm harder over his shirt clad chest; warm where they touch, and he asks, “Can you feel that? It’s still beating in there.”
The other man nods back understandingly, clear eyes darting over and back from Tony’s shoulder too quickly to be missed. But he catches it, and he catches the weight in them even though it was fleeting and he knows who’s on the other end of that silent conversation.
“I already talked to him.” Tony says, wiping his mouth with a napkin.
Scratch that. They’re not in a relationship. They were clear
don’t believe enough.” Rogers snaps.
forgiven Steve, he realises.
The thing is, Pepper once said,
In the office, Steve sits in his casual wear, back ram-rod straight, still poker-faced but knuckles white, fists clenched on his lap.
“I already did, Rogers. Only because you have super healing, you’ve escaped the scars. Pretty sure I left many…” He trails off, more sullen than when he’d started the sentence.
Steve being Steve doesn’t move a millimetre, but Tony gives another push, feeling cool satisfaction washing down when Steve stumbles back. Even if it’s an act, it feels good.
“I have and I always will. Even if you hate me, I will. Because I. Don’t
But he’s not broken in the way that Tony is. Or – he’s mildly surprised that he’s even thinking about the guy – the way Barnes is.
It’s alright to hurt sometimes, especially when it comes to these things. That’s what he had learnt in the year he’d been recuperating; trying to find himself against all odds.
Then, there’s Tony. Feeling like a truck had just ran over him not because he didn’t know, but hearing it out loud drove the confirmation home like nothing else.
He thinks he hears a faint "Every single time," but promptly decides to ignore that.
Steve’s eyes are still red rimmed, but they’re no longer wet, the furrow in between them has left as well but, Tony keeps brushing a thumb over one of his eyebrows, just in case.
Tony doesn’t mince. “The scar. Yes. You did that.” He agrees stiffly.
One of the symptoms from Cymbalta withdrawal is profuse sweating. Let’s just say that Tony never knew clammy hands until he got to know clammy hands.
But his aura is too large to let the desperation show through all that fierceness. Especially when he’s
It’s another day and another reminder that “Exercise really helps.” It’s not as if Tony doesn’t work out. He does. By proxy.
He doesn’t mean to. It’s an accident.
“Did Dr Cho use the extremis?” He asks instead, pulse bursting through his arteries.
Pepper can exit his life and it wouldn’t even matter.
He has to face it; this is his battlefield and as damned as it may be, Tony is going to win it.
He remembers watching other parents; in both PTA and graduation ceremonies, wishing bleakly that it was Howard who kissed her pretty cheek instead.
Wanda’s mourning.
Steve looks up from his task, lips pressed tight, frowning, but he nods.
“Thanks,” he says dubiously, screwing open the cap. Steve grunts distractedly, eyes dancing across the screen, studying all the details. He waits until Tony’s done drinking to ask, “What’s that?” He points at a different folder, on a different window. Tony sits up, holding out the bottle which Steve silently accepts and he taps on that folder. “An algorithm,” he states.
It catches Tony off guard, pausing him with parted lips, reply ready on the tip of his tongue before he hastily snaps his mouth shut and closes his eyes.
She seems to wait for his undivided attention, so Tony huffs and gives it to her.
Steve inhales sharply in that small space between them, blue eyes sinking rings in the sea of darkness.
They talk about everything including Iron Man and the Avengers gig except for one single man, and fuck, does it stand out.
A war takes place.
His forehead presses solidly against Tony’s and he keeps his eyes open – bright blue, the prettiest shade, the
Pepper puts her carton down, grabbing the coffee cup and cradling it to her chest as she folds her long legs under her thighs, making home on the couch. “I need you to be more specific than that.”
Tony picks the plumpest orange chicken and drops it into her lo mien carton.
“Pep. Pepper darling -,”
When and where Thanos pops up, they don’t know until a muted gold explosion alerts them and Tony makes it in time to see Wanda struggling to keep the Mad Titan from Vision whom she’s blasting her own energy at to destroy the mind stone.
Who travel through spaces and dimension.” Carol bitches, flinging the comm over her shoulder. “Asshat.”
“I wish -,” Rogers inhales. Shaky, Tony notes dully. “I wish I could change -,”
and he dives into work.
Tony’s not a fan of bigotry. Never been, never will be. Not ever Rogers can tip him to that side.
They just parted, he knows she loves him, and he knows he loves her. But he’s too fragile for her. If she touches him, he’ll shatter and she’ll break her skin and bones trying to hold him. He told Steve to leave - “I need some time to digest this” - and he waits for Rhodey to arrive to get drunk on whiskey, rum and too much skittles.
, a hospital bed and a bouquet of flowers.
“I’m scared.” She says.
Belatedly, he learns that Pepper and Rhodey have been having their own separate appointments with the psychiatrist in charge of Tony as well.
Shuri snorts on the other end. “Of course, Mr Stark.”
“What happened?” Steve asks, concern coupled with alertness shadowing his sharp eyes as he pulls Tony immediately behind him and starts scanning the hallway.
He had asked Pepper then.
And maybe he’s bad at it.
She didn’t have an answer for him then and the way she still looks at him - when she thinks he’s too distracted to pay her any attention - tells him she doesn’t have one even today.
“What?”
“Shuri!! What are you planning?” T’Challa too.
, “Steve.”
It’s all a blur, between listening to the horrifying screams on this side and deadly silence on the other and watching the donut take off, quick and brisk, leaving behind an array of casualties and property damage.
will be the one to drop that shoe, and that thought wipes that smile off of his face completely.
The cheeriness from the morning has completely vanished by the time they land in front of the Xaiver’s school.
close to Steve –
Including his parents’ abandonment, the assault, Afghanistan and now, the void in his chest.
.” Tony presses.
“If you say quit now, you’re being extra stupid.”
“For team!” Tony lifts up his flute.
So, he distracted himself with various memories. Recalled one of their latest movie nights and he focused on that. Got so lost in his distraction that he startled when someone touched his shoulder.
Tony has FRIDAY call a day for them since she knows his schedule better than himself and they agree on the following Thursday.
“Was that what we apologised for?” Tony smiles back.
The first thing that crosses Tony’s mind is that
She leaves when she finally accepts that he’s
“Think we apologised for everything in the past.” Barnes says softly. Almost as if he doesn’t believe his own words. As if he’s asking Tony a question.
, be fallen.
, an empty seat in front of him. Emptier champagne bottle. Steve with his arm around Tony as they watched Titanic because
He hears some hushed conversation in the kitchen. Curiosity makes him lean against the wall, letting his aged ears pick up trail ends of the whispered argument.
Tony drops his gaze to the sinews along Steve’s forearm. The way each muscle and their tendons flex and extend.
“Yeah, should probably go now.”
“Jesus.” Rhodey grumbles under his breath and scrubs his face.
For both her and him. But sometimes, in the norm of helping one from themself, killing one’s old self is inevitable for a new, refined version to rise from its ashes.
Tony lets out a loud bark of laughter, immediately clamping his mouth shut with his hand.
“I hear you and Captain have made up,” T’Challa comments, staying behind with Tony who lingers at the landing pad, letting everyone else walk in first.
It’s his fault. He – He chewed on Rogers nerves. Uncalled for, never mind how long the issue has been brimming.
Tony waits until the gym clears out. He knows Steve stays behind without a miss to clean up after them.
“Wait till I feed you to the rhinos,” James follows after Peter - less bouncy but fast enough to pass by Sam - heading straight to scoop Shuri up into a swinging hug.
“You hurt me,” Tony admits breathily, cradling Steve’s head tighter when he lets out a whimper.
He’s not a prayer, never been a prayer, so he never sends a wish above to say:
The door snaps close with a jingle and Steve hops down onto the pavement with a grin, “I did,” he tugs urgently.
Steve plops heavily down on his bed. Its frame creaks. “Tony,” he begins, but Natasha’s fluid movement from the foot of his bed to Tony’s side, stops him.
“I know that.” Tony interrupts. He’s not mad about Pepper. Never even thought he could ever be. “He told me.”
If Steve Rogers is so desperate for a family, he can shove his 1930s ass into some sitcom and live in there.
They have brunch in front of the TV and Tony grunts from his hangover headache, “I think I have feelings for Steve.”
Tony listened but couldn’t bring himself to care. He focused all of that into perfecting his new armour and now that it’s done and Pepper is here, he’s actually nervous about it all.
Tony signs the papers.
“I just -,”
In that moment, right that instant, Tony feels like they’re a
Eventually, they decide on Rhodey, Natasha, Steve and Tony.
“I broke you.” Tony pries away, tilting Steve’s head up, hands cupping clenched jaw as he thumbs at the fallen tears.
It’s shocking that the reply his mind supplies with a carefree ease is;
He knows that their friendship or acquittance (whatever Bruce chooses to name it. Tony’s sick of making the first call at everything.) is not based on trust. At least not the kind where you tell each other all about your sad tales and cheers with bottle of beers. No.
“Of course,” Steve hums, holding out a glass of water and Tony struggles to take; hand shaking like a leaf. He curses and Steve stands, tipping the glass closer to his mouth, placing the end of the straw in between his lips and he casually confesses, “I thought I’d lost you,” while Tony sips.
Or maybe he’s terrified when he asks why did you do that, Bucky would look at him like he’s an idiot, and say, “Because I love you, that’s why.” and Tony -
“What did he say?” He asks Barnes, tossing the dirty towel at him and watching him catch it swiftly, proceeding to meticulously rub the dirt and soot stuck to his metal hand.
“We’ll group up.” Steve says, once Tony’s done. “Talk to Rhodey and we’ll see where to go from there.” He gives his words.
Looking away, Tony swallows it down and clears his throat.
But of course, he gave that too much credit. An old reoccurring mistake on his part. He tends to underestimate the power Steve has over his control.
But it’s
Once off, he finds Steve’s eyes, desperately reading through each flitting emotion behind those stunned blue.
They’ve had Korean dishes back in the tower before too. At that time, it had only been Natasha; given her addiction to - of all the things – Korean dramas. Tony loved her steamed eggs the best then. Still does now.
treading onto flirty.
He’d never – this had – God.
At one point, Tony yanks at Bucky's hair and hums, pressing harder in and Bucky presses equally hard in return. Neither wanting to give; only take, take and
Shivering, he glides his hand from Bucky's nape to the side of his neck, and he yanks him close until their foreheads press. “They can’t touch you now," he whispers into the small space in between them.
He turns off the tap and wipes his hands dry with a towel. There’s still something under his fingernails, unwashed, but he ignores that to ask Steve, “Is he awake?”
“What?” Tony scoffs.
Rhodey and,
The typing stops and Steve glances down. Soft brown hair tickling his lips as he presses a kiss over Tony’s forehead. “You’re welcome,” he whispers, “I love you.”
He needs Cho to know her priority. “I don’t care what it costs.” he looks into her eyes and tells her. This is between them and they both know what he means; there’s a vial of perfected extremis in the vault behind the wall. “I need you to save him. Do you understand?”
that Tony can feel his bones shifting to accommodate Steve within him. A hollow carved out the shape of him;
Just a moment. One minute.
“I need your help with rewriting the accords.” He says.
From one broken man to another.
Even if his lover sometimes tread too close to that line his father used to stand on.
“Sergent Barn-,”
A pity, because Tony remembers how beautiful it was once.
Before it could grow into a brawl, Nat saves the day by picking up the teabag and patting Sam’s head with a tissue. “Stop worrying about her, she’s tough. She knows what to do.”
So, he goes.
“Billionaire Tony Stark found overdosed in his California mansion. Stark Industries stock is predicted to take the biggest dip of the decade.” She reads the headline of New York Times with a deceitfully serene expression on her face.
“Wanna talk about it?”
And Tony has to laugh at that. Jesus
“We made a lot of adjustments along the way. A lot of compromises,” and she pauses, placing another hand over Steve’s. “Some of them, you wouldn’t approve, but Howard had his reasons.”
His eyes suddenly wild and unsure when he sees where Tony has brought them to, they look up in horror at Tony.
Late autumn, golden leaves, maybe crisp maybe not.
He takes a wrench, shatters all the glasses in his workshop.
Sam on the other hand either finds it amusing or challenging (or maybe he has a death wish) for he tells James, “Didn’t know you have one.”
you blame me? You did see her, didn’t you? She’s all power. She can top me anytime she wants Tony, I swear.”
“Blueberries?”
Tony spends the rest of the Sunday calling and arranging a visit to Xavier’s school.
He feels the heat of Steve’s gaze on him, but he keeps his eyes closed, focusing on the way the fingers flex tighter then let loose and after what feels like an eon, they finally relax and let Tony’s own digits slip in between them.
Once he saw Pepper’s reply ‘
Like a big gaping hole, the places where Tony deliberately avoids mentioning him, visibly glares, that even she notices it.
Tony, because he doesn’t feel up to tackling
“Talk to me.” He orders, not bothering with manners, voice still battle-strained and he’d apologize to her later, buy her a bouquet or something but for now -
Even if he proceeded to throw it away right after saving it, he needed Steve to know that
He’s not the only one who catches on that drift, for Sam puts a hand over her curled fingers next to the mug.
He knows how this looks like to the rest of them: Tony running back into Steve’s arm like a fool in love. He may be, but it isn’t like he didn’t try, dammit.
“- me. And I’m not fine, either. I’m not.
“Well, he shouldn’t have!” Tony yells.
Then he actually thinks about it. Wonders what’s the point in bringing it up, what would be the end goal here and he decides to not.
He brings it up to Steve, over fish chips in the heart of London and he regrets their pick.
Pepper shoves a mug of hot drink into his hands to shut him up. It’s eggnog and he hates it, “Why, you -,” with another push to his shoulder, he’s suddenly facing a considerably flushed Steve and vaguely, he registers Pepper leaving but really, he never even turns to confirm it.
Tony follows that motion, eyes zeroing in on there. Longing and lust all melting into something warm and thick and he rasps, “Then you have me.”
He passes out.
Tony looks up from the stretch of flawless perfection into darkened blue eyes and shakes his head. “Not too fast,” he says, wiggling out of Steve’s hold to take his own shirt off.
in the priority of the Earth. I must insist that you and the Captain work out the rotten nature of your relationship. A team does not thrive from being broken, and you’re expecting us to trust
He feels good, relieved but at the same time, he’s scared. There is an unexplainable fear lurking within him waiting for the other shoe to drop. And it will drop, he knows.
“You didn’t hurt anyone,” he tells readily. “Only killed five bottles of beer and two vodkas and then emptied it all on my feet and your clothes.”
Tony takes a stilted step backward. Away from the drawers and towards the door.
There’s also the fact that he’d managed to survive another weekend over at the Avengers’ Compound with no shaken grounds.
Tony shudders, bites Bucky’s earlobe and tugs, and he hums into his ear, "Take me home, sugarplum, and I’ll show you more than that.”
“For only two days.”
But he didn’t want to return to bed. The very thought of his room and its emptiness made him shiver.
Steve frowns, scrunching the socks into a ball in his hands, and he corrects Tony stiffly, “He took the hit for you. It was his choice.”
Fury’s eyebrows climb up the roof. Rhodey actually looks betrayed while Steve looks from Tony to Danvers like a lost puppy. Hill is stoic as usual.
He clutches his own bowl closer to his chest, worming his exposed toes beneath the fleece blanket they’re sharing and The Good Place is on.
“I am.”
“So, you don’t approve of Danvers?” He tries again, watching Steve’s concentration focused raptly on Tony’s hand.
Helpless because he doesn’t know the answer to a question which he’s been obsessing over himself. “I – I don’t know.”
Steve nods, “We caught him.”
A few more minutes pass and Steve leaves his desk to go to the cupboard. Tony watches from beneath his reading glasses as Steve strips off of his t-shirt for one of sleep shirt and takes off his sweat pants. Then he joins Tony on the bed, and tips Tony’s head for a kiss.
It starts like this. They’re into the third month of forced bonding.
He’d never been a fan of tea but the crafty way which she demonstrated the steeping process before handing him a cup both fascinated and pleased him.
“But you alienated everyone. You pushed Rhodey away, you pushed me away and at some points, I didn’t even know if you were alive or -,” She stops, shaking her head, before continuing.
Only two days ago, he was so scared that he was heading towards another spiral down, but now –
But all the tricks advised to continue staying in bed until sleep comes so he lays, staring at the blue glow on the ceiling, finger pads brushing across his sternum, nails clinking minutely with the edge of the arc reactor, thumb grazing along the long hypertrophied scar left by Rogers’ shield across his chest.
“Not sure if I’m all-,”
She tells them lot as they hunch as a group over breakfast, all of Charles’ people having filtered out; jobs and classes to go and be at, leaving Tony, Steve, Rhodey and Sam who look like a truck had ran over them and Wanda in their huge dining hall.
“Wait,” Tony panics, grabbing onto Bucky tightly.
The compound is once again filled with people but what once used to a vibrant atmosphere seems to have been permanently robbed off of it ever since.
That makes her pause, “Not the nth pair of shoes, is it? Unless you got me a new closet, I’m running out of space to -,”
He’s never been blindsided, never consciously at least. That piece of character reminds him of how Howard had been to him and he grew up diligently avoiding it.
It takes Tony’s breath away, weaves a clumsy lump of weight that wraps around him and squeeze until he’d startled awake.
Quite the contrary from when they first started their relationship; when they had jumped on each other, barely could go a second without keeping their hands off, or their eyes for that matter. Everything they have had then they gave it to each other.
; Tony remembers the name.
Barnes visibly struggles to pick his next question. Tony smiles around the plier between his teeth.
On bad days, they
He goes home to an empty tower.
He pauses, shaky fist hovering mid-air, inches away from the wooden door, heart still thundering in his chest, his throat aches, his eyes are wet, his neck feels clammy and he shudders when a cold drop of sweat slides down his spine, jolting him back to his senses.
Weightless and strangely afloat as if all that has been weighing him down before was their strained relationship – which, maybe it was.
He catches the way everyone sits up in their seat. They’re not exactly gearing for a fight like they used to two years ago. They’re simply at attention. Curious, more than anything.
Rhodey lets out a painful groan. “God, and I prefer to never.”
“Nah,” he shakes his head. “I think most of it came from growing up alone. Didn’t really know what a family meant,” c
It's a fresh perspective which blunts all of Steve's sharp angles, makes him look softer, more vulnerable, stirring a different kind of protective instinct within Tony.
Tony hates himself. But again, he doesn’t understand why Steve is so adamant to hold onto the past. He asks, “It’s so ruined, Rogers. What are you hanging onto anymore?”
, it’s only in Barnes’ knowledge.
“What are you not telling me, Tony?”
Wilson tries to intercept here and there but he always ends on his butt after round one, so he ends up partnering with Rhodey instead.
He has no plans for this year, never had a plan since the giant bunny disaster with Pepper – he couldn’t be bothered.
“No,” Steve huffs. "But -,"
It’s not schooling exactly since she doesn’t have the X-gene but it’s close to a supervision under Jean and by expansion, Charles Xavier’s expertise.
He sees that in the way her jaw stays clenched, even as she looks like she’s watching the TV, even as every inch of her other muscles are soft and relaxed, Tony knows her enough to read her like a book now.
He looks as pissed as Tony feels. “Are there anything else you’re hiding from me because you didn’t want me to feel bad, Tony?
Rhodey is too. “It helps,” is all they say about it, and Tony doesn’t push.
When he was a slip away from falling off of the cliff which soon that night, Pepper pushed him from, Steve – Rogers, actually
Kind of fitting isn’t it. When the physicality mimics the metaphorical reality. A pacemaker. Because his heart
Ultimately, everything about Tony comes back to him.
“Wanna be happy together?”
“How did you find out?”
“But you are the reason why,” Steve interrupts, stepping away from the wall, into Tony’s space. “You make me smile, you make me laugh -,”
Tony knows he couldn’t handle hearing that. His heart would shatter into a million pieces.
Somewhere along the line, Steve starts retracing the scars over Tony’s chest; of burns and of reactor.
Arms across his chest and he’s incredibly steady on his walking aid. Tony’s proud of him, but he says, “No.”
The need to know to that question had been growing like weed in the back of Tony’s head since Pepper reminded him of Steve’s visit. He ignored it, trusting the strained equation between them to be the saving grace.
He sucks his bottom lip in and a breath with it too, then carefully, he enunciates so Steve doesn’t miss the point. “Steve. It’s – five – to - six.”
Refitting his body with Steve is like tilting the world right.
Tony spent a long time after his surgery to re-implant the arc reactor, wondering if Rogers had known that then. When he’d punched the shield deep enough to graze Tony’s skin and
If so, then why does he… want?
“Damn it, Tones.” Rhodey sighs, propping his elbows on the table and burying his face in it.
He gives the
Which is why when Rogers ends his pep talk calling them a family one afternoon, Tony’s already tight nerves and fragile temper from spending two days in unwanted companies (mostly) fail to hold back his snort.
Bruce finds something in the reading from space. It’s how they discover Carol ‘Avenger’ Danvers.
drunk?”
He’s above the clouds with a Captain Marvel ordering a frantic Fury on a borrowed comm to
, but he shuts that down promptly. He wants to move on, he reminds himself.
She’s post sparring; black shirt and legging with her hair pulled neatly into a ballerina bun.
Tony eyes them and snaps his focus back to blue eyes. “Hey,” he says hoarsely.
The night is young, he tells himself. The clock on the bedside table glares forty minutes past two in the morning.
– once he’d gotten around to using his voice and opinion more freely. She keeps up with him very easily, answering his sass with her own levelled dose of it and the banter is nice on his worst days.
He got himself a cup of chamomile tea, painstakingly hand blended by the Black Widow herself; dried tea leaves mixed with pressed and dried chamomile flowers.
Tony hums, low and faint and he mumbles back, “Love you too,” into Steve’s neck.
“Tony?” Bucky’s voice comes in like a bad static underwater and Tony looks up.
He never saw the way she struggled to keep her tears from spilling before she left that one time.
He remembers Natasha having a good rapport with her before but now it appears as if Natasha is carefully avoiding her.
Steve startles at his voice, then freezes, eerily statue like. Tony takes another breath and carries on; they both know which fight he’s talking about.
New Year comes like a whirlwind.
Tony shakes her hand. Tells Monica about their venture to Wakanda. Asks Carol if she wants to join too, and before the sun sets down, all four of them are on board and half way across the ocean. The Quinjet humming under FRIDAY’s expert conduction.
He knows what he’s doing. A distraction. He’s digressing from their current topic which focuses on him, and that’s a bad old habit.
It’s his name on Rogers tongue that does it in the end.
But then, there are other things he'd do and nobody would buy Tony when he says: "Steve did that! I swear, Pepper, I'm not exaggerating."
Tony feels his own back ache in sympathy.
“Sergeant Barnes is healing well, boss. Although, he’d do better if he sees you.”
“Listen, Steve, honey, follow my count okay? Steve?” When he feels a nod against his neck, he begins the count.
tw: alcohol, depression, mentions of vomit
Tony frowns. It doesn’t sit right with him. “What something?” He asks feebly, fearing the answer but wanting to know.
Barnes eyes hollow his movements, even as his own fingers are busy with something else; pressing and moulding the titanium alloy.
Turns out, Fury had Tony tracked without his consent and Natasha was strategically there to shoot Bucky Barnes in the abdomen. Two bullets through and through; both in the right hypogastric region and Steve got there just in time to knock him unconscious.
A face of him that no one has seen yet. It’s not the soldier, for the soldier is quiet.
"But I am cold." He mumbles into it, blinking up at Tony. "I need you to warm me up."
Despite everything they’ve gone through, Tony despises to lose this fragile truce over the doomed frailty of his heart.
The way he behaves at the issue is so not Rhodey and Tony suffers a brain fart before he remembers what Steve mentioned one night and he puts two and two together and –
“Twenty-six?!” Sam asks, louder if that’s even possible, and Barnes throws a pillow at his head as Steve and Rhodey walk away.
“Bucky!” Steve shouts.
Rogues. It’s what they’re christened for now apparently.
Steve finds him underground in Kazimierz and he isn’t even surprised.
“So, you think we should have Wanda go there?” Rhodey asks, sinking back into his chair, looking like he’s still reeling from all the new information, a frown etched in his face.
Good, he thinks. Good riddance.
“Can you stand up?”
He pulls in a breath and looks skyward. Directs energy into his thrusters and he flies to another bunker.
Tony’s fully intending to sleep when he reaches the room he’s been given for the night.
Cosmic collisions transpiring one after another with no recovery time in between. Region of space-time exhibiting extreme gravity is bound to be birthed.
So empty that when he sees Pepper,
2015 August 10
And Tony replies, just as monotonously - distracted by those gleeful children, jaw working close to Bucky's ear, breath fanning hot against the skin of his neck as he clings to Bucky like a koala - that, "Nope, just wanted to lie on their bed and seduce you."
, in Manhattan. What’s this?” She picks up one of the discarded prototypes lying around.
“Hi, yourself rudeness,” Danvers smirks mischievously.
Tony doesn’t do fairy dreams but Steve makes him want to. He makes him think:
“Don’t.” Tony says as he too, bypasses him.
"You've been drinking tonight haven't you?"
She gives him a smile and chances a look at the table. “Should be good right?”
She gives him an odd unfamiliar smile before she leaves. Tony feels her judgement like the air hanging around him, and it’s suffocating that she’s wrong. Very wrong.
He rejected Steve because he knew, when the next morning came, Steve would have rejected him anyway.
He tilts his head curiously and wonders if Steve doesn’t like to remember Siberia the same way Tony doesn’t like to remember
Wanda mumbles a shy response which flies past Tony’s mind because the burst of sharp chilli in his tongue is very distracting, albeit, incredibly delicious.
He bets Steve put his baby tooth under his pillow – or makeshift, whichever they could afford then – too. Wonder what he wished for though…
Rogers seems to struggle with himself. Especially as he watches Natasha pat Tony’s shoulder and Tony, biting back the urge to cringe, lets her.
He can’t remember the last time he’d kissed Steve’s hand, even if it’s just a chaste brush of lips. He’s sure they’d done it multiple times when they were…
Albeit whatever made him to; Pepper’s pointy heels or the impossible – or maybe not – which was, care, Rogers didn’t leave him entirely, but attempted
He knows he had hurt her today. He knows that she hurts a bit every time they meet. But she’s determined to make it up with him and to be honest, Tony doesn’t know how much longer he can last before he caves in.
Pocketing the phone, he picks out the leaf and twirls it, accompanying his fingers as he looks over the other side of the lawn where the kitchen door to the Compound stands threateningly.
Tony pinches the stem tighter and breathes out.
Moments where he fails, he frantically picks up, spluttering apologies to Pepper down the line.
His phone used to constantly ring. If it’s silent it’s only because he hasn’t charged the thing since he’d been discharged from the hospital and god, fucking dammit, how
, Tony realises with a sudden unnerving clarification, for a
It’s not that they don’t trust Wanda to look after herself, it’s just, Wanda’s
And the other. Just to make it fair…
“Stark!” Fury barks. “What I want.” He grits out, one eye dancing from Steve to Tony, “Is for that to never happen again,” he jabs at the screen. “This is not about your image. This is me, being concerned about the state of your team.”
They talk about the then and now. Of how time had melted the pot and swirled a fuck ton of other things into it.
Tony watches him pass Sam easily, waits until James throws a middle finger at Steve’s back before he walks inside.
This week, he doesn’t spar with neither Wanda nor Steve, with how Wanda occupied most of Steve’s time, and by the end of it, he’s clearly exhausted to his bones – a super soldier, not an easy feat to wear him out like that.
Less stammering and awkward chuckles but the laughs and smiles are still there, even more prominently than Tony ever remembers interacting with him. It’s disconcerting in the way that it makes Tony recheck his own wants and feelings for Steve.
“I want to save the world,” says Tony.
Steve splutters their names, grabbing onto Peggy’s hands and he asks concernedly if Tony’s okay.
“I know. Hey, I hear you and I’m here for you. But I also think it’s time for you to move on, Tones.”
“I’m sorry, Tony.” Pepper pats his shoulder.
And he doesn’t know what to do with that kind of ache.
cries because he
In their case, Tony’s the black hole. He sucks everything in, but he’s fated to forever stay empty.
, JARVIS’ console burned into ashes. Tony’s heart shattered like the glasses around the lab he used to share with Bruce. Bruce who was gone, untraceable. There’s a distinct ache in his chest that belonged to neither Bruce not JARVIS.
She no longer feels like a temporary fill-in for when one day he’ll find the courage to recode JARVIS – which he absolutely can.
“You should tell her.” Tony winces, nursing his wrist.
Gauntleted fingers dig into her lab-coat clad frame, and he shakes her once before they’re quickly intercepted.
The night is still young, the room is oddly cold compared to the warmth of this strange compound.
They puke rainbow the next morning.
They both know what it did to Tony the last time Tony got involved. Why is Rhodey bothering again this time around?
“If you’re doing this,” he says, “I’m coming with you.”
“Oh, c’mon. I have to know all of Rhodey’s torrid affair,” He nudges Steve’s cheek gently with the hand he’d kissed.
Her blonde hair glows bright and she’s fierce beneath her wide welcoming grin.
to know. It’s not like Steve will judge, but right then, he just – he felt the need to make Steve understand.
“Let me fix it.”
Tony nods.
She laughs some more, leans in to whisper, “Maybe. Maybe I really meant what I say,” then she leaves him with a wink to attack Monica Rambeau in a hug.
Tony’s neither polite nor outright rude. He expelled the candy into a tissue paper, rolled it and tossed it into the trash can.
“What do you want, Tony.” Not condescending, just resigned.
“Remember you said you still love me -,”
A soft huff of laughter escapes Steve, shifting his entire face from taught and tensed to relaxed and soft; closely resembling the Steve Tony fell in love with years ago.
2015, Spring, cherries and cakes. A little getaway to Hawaii on a whim. Pina Colada and beach with sun kissed skin. “Why don’t you try dating. Sure it existed in the 40s.”; “There’s someone.” ; “Sneaky, Capsicle. Who’s the lucky gal.”; “Who said anything about a gal.”
If it is so, it should have been a laughably easy task to accomplish. But it hasn’t been has it?
He wasn’t lying. He does have somethings unfinished in the workshop. Which sufficiently distract him until Friday announces that Steve has invited him for breakfast.
Then he wonders, what’s so selfish about that. Because he’s 100% sure, he’s not the only one between them with that kind of longing.
It’s staggering how close he’d come to lose that; how close Tony had come to lose his mind with that.
Then someone clears their voice and asks, “What’s a binary?” from inside the shop that Tony clutches onto his chest because he swears his heart just skipped a fucking beat.
He just wants to be free of chains and cages and suffer the silence of his emptiness in peace.
The way Steve held him at nights and days when the goings got though because
He remembers kissing him and feeling it on his lips like soldering iron. The burning heat.
Thus, it is surprising. Not only for Tony but for the rest of them too, who immediately turn to him, except Rogers (expected. Since they’ve known each other since forever and all).
Tony’s breath stutters. Starks seem to fuck up through the history. “It must be the gene,” he mutters blithely.
“She’s suffering.” He sighs wearily, and Tony sees how he blames himself for this. Even if it isn’t his fault. But Steve can spin the tale in his head to point the blame at himself – and T’Challa said Tony is bad.
The last Christmas he celebrated; he has no memory of; it was in the recovery home.
Steve shudders. He doesn’t say a word, but he doesn’t pull away either.
The year before that and the year
He looks at Barnes. Deliberately pulling out the empty chair beside him to sit. He’d just walked in to see and hear Barnes joking around with Rogers.
But he’s completely aware when he came to; he wasn’t that badly gone that he is disorientated and Tony thinks, that probably saves them most of the trouble.
"Wanna get outta here?" He asks, voice lowered two tones, fingers pushing the hem of Tony's pants up; warm skin meets warm skin, curling around the bones of Tony's ankle, squeezing, and he relishes in the slight hiss that comes with it.
Steve’s body heat licking deliciously along every inch of his bare skin, nooks and crannies, crevices fitting together; precisely like connected two compatible puzzle pieces together.
“I knew.” Pepper breathes.
“He said he likes when I call him honey in bed,” he grins.
Happy drives him to the tower; “Miss Potts order, boss,” and Tony’s too gone to even fucking care.
Rhodey flicks a sprinkle at his face. “You brought it up first,” he says, facing back the TV, and he switches the channel. “I was trying to enjoy my hangover donuts in peace and you ruined it.”
Hearing the stressed conviction of the King feels like a smarting slap across his cheek, reeling him momentarily speechless. The silence stretches as both men stare at neither of them.
“I wanted to see you,” Bucky says, eerily flat, head tilted sideways as his blue-grey eyes study Tony from top to bottom then up. “But you refused.”
Tony lets out a laugh. The tension that had been soaking him all day wrung out a little.
Tony scoffs. Steve on the other hand, flushes with shame. “It won’t happen again,” he tells Fury. The chair beside him creaks and Tony stands up straightening his suit. Steve looks at him expectantly, hoping he’d say something, but he isn’t even looking back.
“Don’t,” Tony says. He doesn’t know where he’s going with that. He sighs. “I guess.”
She says yes.
Tony thinks about stalling, asking for maybe, a cup of tea, before he opens the can of worm.
Their noses brush and the air is hot when he breathes in, recycled between them as if they’re running short of oxygen, but god, he misses being
There’s nothing to hide or more like, he doesn’t feel like hiding anymore. He lets her and she goes for only what she needs. That’s the difference isn’t it?
“Tony,
When they cut their cake; a six feet monster - which in retrospect, never let teenagers take control of anything ever - and Tony goes to feed him a slice, they’re laughing too much so his hand misses and smears cream outside Bucky’s mouth.
It’s a surprisingly small room in contrast to its door which looks like it will lead into an amphitheatre of sort. With fairly common looking tables and chairs, the room is nothing eye catching compared to the lab they’ve just exited from. Tony stops at the front desk of the classroom like setting.
That the Council is a mess of split views; between pardons and focusing on the recent attack and arresting them for a list of crimes Thunderbolt Ross himself had overseen the draft to.
Steve’s hand over his chest stills, plastered over his breastbone, fingers tickling the edge of his collar and he asks, “Why?”
“Are you happy?” He asks her, later.
Whispering, “Thank you, Tony. Thank you.”
“Were you
“What is wrong with me?”
Selfishly, he wonders. If they can go back to that time. When they were more innocent and cautious. Selfishly, he also wonders if.
That hurts.
The second time, he spares her the property damage.
The way Steve looked at him.
Foolishly, he forgets to take into account that the heart wants what it wants and when it does, there is no way for anyone to dictate that choice. Even the great Tony Stark himself isn’t an exception.
“Rhodey and Wilson too.” Tony points out.
Steve smiles back frailly, eyes darting to the bowl of steamed eggs and back to Tony, his smile tighter as he goes back to eating.
Tony stares at him staring at a wall. He sees how they – Steve and him as a pair – are
“I think you know why.”
He waits with bated breath, what only takes a few seconds feels like decades as he stands, rocking on the balls of his feet, sweat sticking to his skin, his breathing picks up again, his heart never really stopped sprinting –
It stirs something unpleasant within Tony – the part which is still trying to move on – when Steve directs his concern to Tony when it comes to Rhodey.
Tony gulps. Fear threatening to break through that tiny canister he keeps it locked in.
known Tony.
What makes it harder is that he knows all he gotta do is ask and Bucky would gladly give him that. But Bucky also got a crush the size of Pacific ocean on Tony and Tony doesn’t want to exploit that. Even though Bucky doesn’t know that Tony knows.
Between the extraterritorial and the small army they’ve hastily gathered in Wakanda.
He’s so out of it that he startles violently when Bucky’s hand lands on his shoulder.
“Act like one.”
“That’s… odd,” she trails off, taking another small nibble around the crust.
Later, when they do cross over that bridge, she’ll admit that she was wrong to mention him so early in their sessions.
Even then, Tony would still talk to him. Needle him, taunt him or something to get a reaction out of Steve. But this time, he’s just plain ignoring Steve; acting as if Steve isn’t even there and then they were called out for a mission and Steve yelled at him because he was trying to get himself blown up again and only then he yelled back at Steve and now. Now, Steve’s trying to talk to him, ask him what’s wrong, and he’s apparently angry at Steve.
Tony waits until they're inside the elevator to stare him up and down and he lets out a defeated sigh, "Still not fair."
Barton mostly keeps to himself.
They could hear Shuri’s muffled whining before T’Challa’s voice comes forefront. “Hello?”
“Jesus, doll.” Bucky chuckles, dry and rough, palms pressing into Tony’s cheek, tilting his face up so their breaths intermingle and their noses bump, and the first brush of their skin that near is electrifying. Like stepping on a live wire; sizzling straight into the veins under their skins and it propels them to mash their mouths together in a desperate kiss.
sorry. I would change if I have the power, I would change it all. But you said no. That you’re
Tony hums, making a little rattle as he dries the cutleries. Then he puts them back in their holder and passes the now dampened cloth to Steve to rinse and dry out.
happened there and he knows what he did then. He just doesn’t like to remember that.
It’s been a while. Been sometime since he stopped taking anti-depressant but he’s good. He genuinely feels better.
Steve’s smile widens and he ducks his head to hide a laugh. “Am I making you anxious?” He asks, peering up at Tony once more, the empty water bottle he’s holding onto flinging front and back and it looks like school yard crush talk scenario in Tony’s head.
At night, he’s with Steve, talking uninterrupted for hours and they go to bed together these days – on those when he stays. They see each other during the day too, but briefly and most of it are joined by somebody else.
She pulls away with a laugh. “We should really spend more time together, Tony Stark. I have a good feeling, we’ll get-on well.”
She topped it with a whole rehydrated chamomile flower and it was the most beautiful drink he’d ever tasted.
“Doesn’t excuse what consequence it brought with it but. It was why I called him in.”
"Hmm?" Steve hums, looking like an earnest puppy from where Tony stands, 5 inches higher than him.
2015 August 10
Long story is, he started looking into super serum replication. Found the connection between Peggy’s accusation and his dear old father and Tony latched onto until the report ended at Howard Stark's successful experimentation in 1991. He dug deeper and he recovered filth.
Now, as Tony remembers, he reaches for it. He waits for the twinge of pain from an old scar that never comes.
“Tony! Listen to me. Breathe.” She orders. “1, 2, inhale. 3, 4, exhale.”
But he taps that organ aside and wraps Bucky in a towel; dries him as quickly as he can before he helps him out of the tub and he’s a 200 pounds super soldier - he’s heavy, no kidding, and Tony has lifted heavier things than him, lifted Bucky several times even, so the way his knees buckle is really not from the physical weight - it’s something else.
in his chest.
He also thinks he has a poorer impulse control compared to Steve, as he brings his own hand and brushes a thumb over the twitching muscle; carefully gentle.
Steve had looked so beautiful that day. So sure and earnest.
, earlier that morning. “You should have told me.”
He knows the only way at this point is to talk it out but it’s past midnight and it’s bedtime where he is, so for god’s sake, the meditation better work or he’s going to experience his first sleepless night in the recovery home since his admittance.
Tony’s heart aches again but this time he lets it; buries his trembling lips on Bucky’s forehead in the pretend of a long relieved kiss because he
“You were thinking that.” Tony twists his wrist, testing the give. She maintains her strength, unyielding.
She turns away, elbow propped on the back of her chair and Tony watches as her eyes settle on the back of Barnes’ head; the rest of his hidden behind the couch as he and Sam battle against each other in a video game.
He also realises that
He stays long enough to touch Rhodey’s arm out of the armour while he still wears his and Rhodey understands; the brother that he is.
That’s what they are.
“What?”
And it drives Tony so mad that he shoves at the man's chest and glares at him, venomous. Fingers shaking in clenched fists, locked inside white knuckles and he spits, “Fuck you.” At Bucky.
Tony watches him for a bit before his own focus falls away and onto Steve. As they do these days, and all the other days
“Did. Did you know about the rehab?” He stammers, feeling light headed. Because if he does. If – T’Challa said he stopped. But, if he does –
“You’re breaking my heart, sweetheart," he pleads. “Tell me you know how you make me feel. Tell me you know, I’m yours.”
That is a roundabout way of saying, the reason Tony is a bastard is because Steve is equally a bastard. Now, who started first is a chicken or egg question which we’re not going to even attempt to tackle.
He still doesn’t know how he called her but she’s there and in that moment it’s all that matters.
For a minute, he stares at his right hand where the blood is dripping from; relaxed in posture, gauntlet still on, fingers fisting around a clump of hair from a decapitated head of someone whose face he recognized flashing on his HUD earlier that day. When he scanned for the bastard who fired that lethal shot.
He goes back to the gauntlet.
of the prosciutto bruschetta still on her hand because she’s secretly a hamster who nibbles on her food.
His neurons are firing at light speed, calculating. Going over all the things that he did during the time span between – let’s assume – three months after that fateful bunker in Siberia, the partying, the overdose.
, “Steve, please.”
Tony pets his hair gently, “Bruce and Thor spiked his chocolate.”
“He was just playing the waiting game here. Got three kids to feed and Laura’s officially terrified after the stint in Wakanda.” Natasha recited as if they’re all friends and they genuinely care for each other.
“Not a janitor,” Tony takes his leave, marching out of the office and he soothes at the loud slam of the door at his departure.
That’s why when Bruce moans, “You think I never tried to after the accident?” Tony rests a hand over his shoulder aware that there’s still hope in there somewhere for Bruce to cling on.
Steve’s eyes snap up; confusion, concern, but mostly confusion.
Sometime between the age of fourteen and an assault he felt a chunk drop out, separated from its whole and he remembers still. The way it had ached that night as he’d curled into himself and vowed to stop paying attention to said frail organ.
Fuck. This is so not how he imagined telling about the reactor to Steve. This is so not –
Tony nods. “Okay. Thank you.”
He’s done running out of fear, he’s done tormenting himself because he’s terrified of getting hurt.
“What do you want to know.” He asks after joining the ends together because Barnes hasn’t moved away since and Tony’s too familiar with curiosity to understand the struggle that comes with it.
Cho looks ill when she smiles, mouth working around dull words; if she was going for reassurance, it sure looks terrible on her face.
“I think you’re Steve’s it.” Barnes says with resolute conviction. “I used to think that maybe you didn’t deserve him. But then I met you and we talked and I see you and something tells me that Stevie is your ‘it’ too.” He exhales in a rush.
Steve looks venomous when he bites out a clipped, “Yes,” ending the call soon after.
It’s fine. They could sleep in tomorrow, he thought as he let Tony grab his hand and guide his fingers across the keys.
Once bitten, twice shy. Tony still remembers the unbroken set of pens because Steve found out about Wanda being kept compound-bound. It hadn’t been Tony’s decision, but still –
Touching Steve, feeling his too hot skin, feeling his warmer than usual air puffing out with every exhale, feeling the lines of his body, the weight of him dipping the shared mattress; everything about him is like coming home for Tony.
tired of crying.
“You can stop talking now,” Tony loops an arm around hers, guiding them back into the kitchen. Leaving the chilly winter air of the backyard to the crickets and moonlight.
“What? You didn’t even bother helping with the decoration? Tony, that’s awfully impolite!” she gasps in mock aghast.
Naturally, Tony thinks, it’s best if he stops loving.
T’Challa takes a slow breath in. “Friends and family merely differ in the matter of choices. But the care remains extensively the same. I see a friend suffering, I know the cause of it and I’m taking the next natural step, where-in I try to help them sort it out.”
stop.
“It’s delicious!” Tony argues with her. She smiles at him before turning to give Wanda 100% of her attention.
Tony has somehow become the single most important person in his life after he’d given up and accepted that nothing is permanent; after he was robbed 70 years of his life, after he’d lost everything he’d known and was asked to start over and he had been so lost.
“Stay,” he smiles dopily, still high on whatever he is.
He wants to pull Steve in and
His shoulders shake too, as Steve gazes, entranced, until Tony leaves his hand on his heart to poke at his side, and he joins in with the giggle.
When night comes, Bucky can warm them up, and maybe they’ll get too warm, maybe they’ll sweat, maybe they’ll strain their muscles, pull one or two, maybe they’ll get messy and stain the sheets but refuse to get out of bed.
But not ever since.
The nervous way he holds himself, unlike the commanding way he does when they’re surrounded by the others. The way his fingers don’t stop fidgeting.
Steve almost felt bad for keeping him awake. Almost. Because he was feeling particularly selfish tonight and this very memory was priceless to him. He wouldn’t exchange it to anything in the world. Even if that meant depriving Tony off of his sleep a little.
memory as well.
“You alright?” Rhodey asks him in low murmur.
Apparently, it’s Pepper’s favourite TV show and Tony who hasn’t had a slight idea that Pepper enjoys TV in the first place, has been berating himself for the unacceptable ignorance towards his best friend’s indulgence.
the paperwork Pepper has ever sent him, breaks into the World Council’s server and finds out
He’s torturing himself again. Said he would stop but he’s doing it again. He
He allows himself; in the dusk of November, mist sparkling like diamonds on the neatly trimmed lawn beneath his dress shoes, a bright crescent overhead while crickets chirp in the distance; he allows himself to have that tiny stretch of smile in honour of love - that have wronged him many times in many ways.
“I know what he did was
He stands, violently shaky on his feet. And he storms out, refusing to think.
He’d spent a long, long time hoping it had been different. That something could be changed between them.
Tony deliberately takes a step away from him, putting a safe distance in between them. Steve’s smile doesn’t falter a bit, neither does Tony’s glare.
“I don’t see why that is a problem,” He mutters into the phone, narrowing his eyes.
Even if it’s only one night a week when Tony’s exposed to Steve, it’s enough for a group of spies and super-people to catch on to the drift and soon, they’ve all been dropping teasing remarks here and there, meaningful eyes and gestures.
“Look at this,” he says, pointing at the virtual webs of connection he’d spun out of all the datas he’d gathered. “All these people. I know SHIELD is not squeaky clean but some of their connections are concerning. This one,” he jabs at Senator Stern.
He’s bright and happy, and he’s everything Bucky wants and is going to have even though he’s one hundred percent sure he doesn’t deserve.
they work miracles but he still hasn’t found the will to live in him, yet. He
But they’ve come so far, haven’t they?
She pulls a breath and nods before asking, “Do you still love Steve?”
They sit right; exactly where they’re supposed to belong.
,” Tony exhales, turning towards the kitchen. “There’s no need for you to come.”
Point is, Tony Stark is a very secure man that he has no reasons to be insecure about pesky things like the height difference between his super soldier boyfriend and himself. Doesn’t mean he doesn’t get riled up when he’s teased about it.
“You have potential,” she murmurs, brushing his hair back, manicured nails scraping soothingly over his scalp and Tony sighs. He leans back into her and she secures her hold around him. “I love you, you know that?” She asks softly.
To his surprise, she pulls him into a hug and Tony has a nagging suspicion that she may be sticking her tongue out at Rhodey over his shoulder.
started it.
Wearing riches on his skin and pretty faces in each arm. Every. Other. Night. Days stretching into a long and winding blankness - thank you drugs, thank you alcohol - just like the space behind his brittle ribs.
Tony barks out a dry laugh. “I can’t do this.” He says.
Tony takes a sharp inhale.
Tony watches as Steve turns his hand, palm side up and intertwines their fingers.
It’s Monica’s wish to not step into the world yet. As for Carol, Tony feels like she’s more of Fury’s dirty secret. Let him launder her out and get the stink eyes himself.
Feeling immensely ridiculous, Tony takes a deep breath and bumps his shoulder with Steve’s.
His headspace is a burst of many things but the silence swallows all of them. He focuses on that and keeps his eyes trained on Barnes’ clear blue ones.
Tony harrumphs, mood a little grumpy but his arm still finds its way around Steve’s neck and pulls him into his side. “Are you writing the Warsaw one in Polish?”
He ponders what to say to that and decides to just leave it be. It’s not like he hates to, he just… he’s not there yet.
“Do you imagine making out with me often?” There’s a leer to his smile, hidden behind mischief and pure Steve-ness and Tony leans in to taste it.
The night sky is a clear darkest shade of blue. Stars sprinkle all over it like spots of white paints on a black canvas. Even the breeze is warm on their skin like late summer evenings.
“Do you have any idea how embarrassing that was?” he asks, pretty face screwed up looking all adorable.
with it. But you’re not! You’re
Barnes on the other hand, chooses to seek him out.
“Nowhere important.” She brushes it off like it doesn’t matter. But her blue eyes betray her.
Tony says his goodnight first, neither lingering as Steve walks past to his own room and it’s – it’s probably nothing. Or it may have been everything.
Only that, somewhere along the semesters and holidays when everyone went home except for the 15 years old Tony who was supposed to be on the first bus home but stayed at the campus instead, Rhodey learnt the nooks and crannies of Tony Stark’s giant personality.
p:s// i forgot to mention before, but if you're curious abt this version stevetony 's nsfw dynamic, you can find it
“But you are.”
Wordlessly, he pulls Tony so he’s draped over his chest; just like they used to, all those years ago, but at the same time, not exactly the same.
How Jarvis picked after his messes and Rhodey, for some mysterious reasons, decided to stay despite all that.
“Oh. It’s nothing.” She bats it off.
The thing is, sometimes the withdrawal symptoms doesn’t hit head first. It crawls up on you when you’re convinced you’ve finally shaken it off.
Which brings us to three weeks from that night, when Tony - frustrated from trying to reach the topmost shelf for an old file - finally, begrudgingly, accepts Dum-E's offer of a stepping stool after thirty minutes of scolding the poor bot for making fun of his height - Not because he's insecure.
That little smile stretches even wider. It is such a peculiar thing.
“I’m afraid you can’t, boss.” FRIDAY chimes in apologetically. “You can however, afford two hours shut-eye on flight.”
He fills a glass full of water and watches as it spills over.
“Have them look at her.” Steve answers at the same time Tony says, “Not by herself of course.” As if Rhodey would even dare question that.
“I’ll answer her, don’t worry about it," Steve cuts him off. "Now, you answer me – and don’t lie – why are you avoiding me?”
Tony thinks, time, is what she needs for the moment.
“I did that.” He states, not a question, just a matter of fact.
They look at each other again; Steve and Tony. Parting with a barely bitten smile, mindful of Rhodey.
He takes another look at the closed kitchen door and he places the empty glass on the dryer before he walks away.
Steve’s chuckles darkly, exhausted eyes fleeting up to Tony, finally looking away from the damage he’d inflicted on him.
Tony’s hands shake, and he buries one in his hair. “I’m not coming,” he tells them.
and embrace the spiral down.
He knows she can protect herself; she’s Natasha Romanoff, the Black Widow.
Regardless, Tony seizes the small mercy.
Pepper’s painfully optimistic.
“Didn’t you ask her?”
Tony pushes the fallen hair away from his forehead and places a kiss there. “I’m not sure if you mean that,” he whispers solemnly, stroking Steve’s left cheek gently before he pulls away.
“Hey,” he greets.
There’s a single goal in his mind; a definite mission. To find Steve and he comes close to it, socked feet stopping right in front of the closed door leading to the room Steve had been assigned to.
"Uncle!" He gasps. "Uncle, uncle, uncle!"
He can see a semblance of that unit in them as he sits, watching Wanda stifle last of her sobs into Sam’s shoulder and sits up, smiling wetly at each one of them.
“I know.” She placates him. “I know what you meant. And I’m saying that Rogers and the gang made the mistake to barge into the compound while Rhodey was in the middle of a meeting with the World Council post invasion. Now they’re facing the song for it and when Bruce, smartly came to the tower, I brought him here.”
His eyes fall on the lower left side of Bucky’s pectoral. If he looks harder, he thinks he could see a dark patch seeping inside out like spreading ivy. He shakes his head to clear his vision.
“Bye, Tony.”
He also relearns what level of spy game Nick Fury can play when he puts his mind onto it.
“You don’t have to,” She tells him carefully. “But, it’s something to think about, yeah?”
Danvers herself shrugs, “Sure, I was planning to visit Moni anyway. See you there?”
Barnes was… the same. Quiet, withdrawn and nothing. Tony tries not to look in his direction too much.
Steve snorts, blue eyes flicking up from beneath his lashes and he gives a little shove so Tony would sit.
“Hey,” he smiles, kissing the top of Tony’s head.
It’s a large property, equipped with a landing pad, a vibrant lawn which is a strange feat around this time of the year.
Tony looks up then, begging Steve to understand his longing
He kisses Steve.
to.” Tony says carefully.
“We haven’t paid,” Tony tells him, louder when the outside air hits and his voice gets drowned by London traffic.
This means, the compound will be hosting Bruce, Barnes and Natasha once she gets back from the mission, most likely Thursday night, if everything goes according to plans.
“Uh,huh.” Pepper smirks.
prompt: One person has to bend down in order to kiss their partner, who is standing on their tip-toes to reach their partner’s.
He fetches a glass and fills it with water, holding it out for Steve. Once taken, he fetches another and repeats the process, draining the content in a second. Steve offers his for taking and Tony chugs that down too.
Despite the muted reaction, the man doesn’t say another word, head still bowed down. Tony searches his face with a surprising thirst; caught off guard by the way his own eyes drink every single feature on Steve’s face.
Tony turns to him, Wilson flying right out his mind that instant. He’d forgotten how good Steve looks post working out, “Hey, Steve.”
He waits patiently for him to finish through the motion, turns to Tony and he asks, holding Steve’s eyes.
What used to be dubbed as forced bonding – Tony realises with a calm clarity – is now simply a harmless get together, nothing forced there about it.
“No thanks to you,” Tony jokes, to which T’Challa actually laughs.
It’s been three weeks since their truce. Tony’s counting only because he can’t help it.
Tony grins, and they watch in silence as Sam tries and fail to kick the back of Barnes’ head, the smell of burnt caramel making them wrinkle their noses in synchrony.
Steve’s breath shudders in his next inhale, falling out of rhythm from Tony’s – never mind, just a momentary distraction, Tony tells himself, they’ll fall back in sync again, inevitably.
, his traitorous mind supplies.
“I can’t leave you alone and unsupervised, Tony,” She tells him honestly, the next evening.
So, he makes the purchase and makes sure it’s
He hunts down little packets of cocaine in the cupboards and flushes them down the toilet.
He gets a dubious look and a delicious flirty smile in return. “Why do I feel like you already know her?” Steve asks in a low rasp.
walked in, dumbass.” James supplies flatly to Tony’s confuddled look. “They call me ghost for a reason.” He adds lowly.
But it is also,
“Steve’s… Things haven’t been easy for him lately. I hope you don’t let what he said affect you so much.”
“No. Why would I?” She asks, uncurling her feet which she had tucked them away under her thighs, so she can sit properly and regard Tony seriously.
“I’ll reserve my judgement for when after I’m done speaking with you, Mr Stark. Although I must admit, disappointing is not quite the word in my line of vocabulary for you at the moment.” He adds.
And his cheeks are roses spotted with sharp fuschia.
The press finds out about Tony’s little ‘vacation’, as they print it. Stark Industries experiences a fall more drastic that it had when NYT printed about Tony’s overdose.
It’s painful to watch, her trying to feign it as easy and nothing of importance and the worse is that she looks so… lonely, detached from them all, even as she sits between Sam and Rhodey.
Tony watches as they hit the floor with a pained huff.
“I got blue eyes and blonde hair,” Steve shrugs and it’s lame; Tony knows what he’s doing, knows it’s working, but it’s not like he’s fighting against Steve’s efforts, anyway.
“Have a good day, Mr Stark.”
context?”
“Moni told me. You’re Tony Stark. I’ve heard of you from Fury too.” She smirks mischievously, her clever eyes focusing on Peter. “And you, young man?”
After that, when Tony habitually visits the workshop, he finds Steve Rogers in there instead.
They have a simple introduction to mutants and their survival among the rest of the world. Nothing Tony didn’t already know, but he listens. It’s better to hear from their perspective than to read off of an article in internet.
It’s a long time standing under her scrutiny, keeping himself from running far away from the town because the weight of it, while heavy, is also unsettling.
But not before she sits through him confiding how he feels about the entire thing.
If only he had kept quiet, Rogers wouldn’t have lost it.
He receives a soft shirt to his face and a towering Steve who orders, “Stay still,” while he methodically helps Tony out of the arm sling and his t-shirt and into a new one. “I’m not doing your pants,” he draws the line.
But he drank. Bad enough, but never worse than his dad.
Tony plops heavily on the armchair, eyeing the last minutes of Die Hard as Bruce ushers Wanda to the kitchen; something about tea and new blend of scents.
Besides, it’s only been like, what? One and a half month since they’ve decided to try again?
"Captain America, they said. Prime man full of virtues, my ass. This!" he points at Steve's exaggerated innocent face. "This is not virtue. This is playing dirty."
They pick Monica up on the way. But Monica seems to have a guest over.
Steve's pov; beginning from the night in Xavier's place.
Pepper still hasn’t given any comments to indicate she already knows what’s going on. It’s pretty unbecoming of her, if Tony is to say anything about it.
“How is it any different from when I bark at you?” Tony asks, squinting at him through the glasses. He’s curious but also a little annoyed about the biased reaction.
“Said he’ll talk to her.”
Time doesn’t wait for no one and it never will.
He opens his eyes, intending to leave, but his wet eyes catch the set of drawers on the right of Steve’s bed.
“- you forgot.”
His request is granted almost instantly. A little hesitation, but Tony is not going to linger on that. He hugs just as tightly.
“Did you even sleep?” Rhodey starts on him.
But Tony has been so desperate to get in touch with Danvers so Shuri wouldn’t feed him to Wakandan rhino that he ignores Rhodey and blurts out the invitation urgently;
“We’re not – Who said – No. I didn’t get back in – It’s not like that.” He stammers, face heating up as Rhodey stares at him.
that Rogers came to him one time.
, he thinks. Maybe she doesn’t hate him as much as she’d once made him think.
“Because I -,” Steve pauses, the fury with which he opened his mouth initially getting tempered as Steve stops and recollects himself, breathing deep.
In the end, it’s clear why T’Challa wanted to speak with him.
As for now, he feels… good. Actually, good.
, The smell of coffee, lemon scented shower gel. Steve’s skin was velvety on his tongue. His mouth tastes like mint in the morning. Tony liked him too, apparently.
As for now, Bucky tastes the champagne on Tony’s lips and hums in content when Tony presses “I love you” into his temple.
Rhodey lays a hand over his shoulder. “Breathe. I know a hasty decision when I see one. You’re high strung.” He pauses, as if mincing his words.
Barnes’ smile loosens into a breathy laugh. He ducks his head down and Tony longs to see how
She studies his face cautiously. Tony can tell that she’s tip-toeing. “I’m not mad.” He tells her.
“How are you feeling?”
Tony follows his stare and realises he’s got a wrench in hand, held in an offensive stance. “Shit,” he swears. Wrench slipping off to land with a clatter on the floor. “Shit,” he swears again, looking down at it.
“Atlanta?”
When Tony does something wrong, he usually buys the apologies.
It’s Bruce who rushes to greet them with enthusiasm Tony had never seen since he dropped off the sky from his space venture.
return, when he hasn’t even been aware it had left him in the first place.
“Hah!” Tony gloats. “I knew it! Who’s the lucky person. Do I know them? Is it the guy from R&D? Always knew you have something for sexy minds.”
Barnes growls, “Fuck off,” hidden by the couch as he sprawls in front of the TV, ankles dangling off an armrest, head likely cushioned on Natasha’s lap as she sits on the opposite end, flaming red hair barely visible.
“Yeah,” Tony tells her. Smiling through the kiss he places on her forehead. “Thank you.”
“I don’t think I met the kid properly,” he murmurs thoughtfully.
He doesn’t want to hear about the entire,
It’s JARVIS all over again and Tony just cannot deal with that anymore. He flees.
“Hmm.” She hums thoughtfully. Then she announces, like it’s yesterday’s weather; “James told me what happened today.”
.” Tony answers easily.
Expectation, Tony supposes, is at fault.
, an hour after, it calmed him down a bit but still robbed him off of his sleep; sitting awake, gnawing at his thumbnail as he ran 101 scenarios about the ways Steve could have gotten injured – a blast where Natasha saved him by a second mark, which if it wasn’t for her, Steve would be –
Tony is a phoenix risen from ashes. He lived through hurricanes and thunderstorms. He’d kissed bigger asses, he can kiss more if he has to.
In retrospect, maybe Steve follows to keep him in line; if they catch someone alive, he’d say, “Let me deal,” and Tony lets him. He’d already destroyed the guy responsible, here forth if Steve wants to play saint and ease their death, he can go ahead and do it. Tony doesn’t care.
Steve is something else.
“Overdue, maybe?” he hears Steve chuckle nervously and he shuts him up with a kiss, blindly tossing his shirt over his shoulder as he rolls on top of him, tipping Steve onto his back on the mattress.
“This is why,” he states, turning away from Steve. “I need time to fix me.”
He fixes Dum-E that night.
2014, Autumn, burgers at two am, donuts and New York on a slice. Grease and soot from whichever missions they just got done with hanging on their suit and skin as they bond over the taste of future.
If that’s how Steve looks when he’s looking at Tony.
All he wants is to forget, but he never can. Lucky or not, Tony can understand that too well.
He fists his hands, feeling the nails biting crescent into his palms and he pulls a long, slow breath in, eyes closing.
In retrospect, he knows he shouldn’t have worried about that because Bucky prays enough for both of them.
And that terrifies him to death.
He thinks about progress. He thinks about healing. He wonders if he falls back into Steve’s arms, will he be undoing every one of them.
He startles awake.
“You believe in many things.” He sniffs.
Tony looks at him and he
He learns after, all about Bruce’s inner battle with Hulk.
, and sometimes, it’s hard to let go.
“Tony -,”
On good days, Tony can hear the muted clanging and banging of the separated chunks of his heart in its cage, missing pivotal pieces that are supposed to glue them all together into something singular and whole.
Tony doesn’t tell her that if she signs the damned Accords, they will. But he does tell her, “I hope so too, Miss Danvers.”
It’s Bruce’s cooking. Takes him back to their early days, having one of their first dinners as the Avengers. The tightness around Natasha’s mouth when she laughed earlier, told him he isn’t the only one reminiscing that night.
“What do you think about reducing your dose? We can go from 60mg to 30mg and see if we can wean you off completely?” His new psychiatrist asks, smiling kindly at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
This is easy now.
When Tony shakes his head with a defeated sigh, he asks with a jerk to his chin, “Is he even awake?”
Takes him back to the workshop in the compound when Steve told him how he’s still in love with Tony.
Barnes turns around from his little corner where he seems to be - are those
“You can’t drive a jet!”
how to stop.”
Tony watches him, a furrow growing between his eyes with every tick of the needle in his wrist watch. Steve should be rushing. He really should. But he isn’t.
Tony waves him off. “Take your time.”
Tony isn’t sure how Barnes and Bruce’s relationship is, but surely they won’t explode the compound in, give or take, eight hours they’re left alone right.
An eyebrow perks up high on Tony’s forehead. “Is that a crush, Princess?” He teases, wiping the leaf before pocketing it.
Steve does too, laugh that is.
Carefully, Tony leans down, chin dipping his own chest, noses bumping, and he presses his mouth to the corner of Steve’s own.
He’s fragile and vulnerable; Steve’s fragile and vulnerable too. They’re a pair of disaster waiting to happen.
It’s late one night, when Steve had woken with a start, icicles still piercing through his skin when he’d gotten out of his bedroom and wandered into the communal kitchen.
What Steve saw then; Tony, the way he was – was a lie. He
Wanda, she surprises Tony the most. Tony noticed how she was bristling with nerves, her power sparkled in invisibility as they climbed down the jet. But after meeting their host, she has distinctly calmed down.
He kisses Steve.
“There is no such thing as day-dreaming, Pep. Now come on, let’s toast for the lovely team.”
2015 July 4
“Whatever I did.”
Tony lets the chuckle punch out, liberating his chest from the ominous squeezing feeling. “Good luck.”
He would have. Three years ago, he would have.
Tony’s body physically twists around to leave, but Rogers calls his name, all too eager and Tony’s above chickening out in front of a witness.
“I’m hungry,” Steve mumbles, shoveling another forkful of the equally limp fillet and Tony makes a face at that. “Had worse,” Steve grins.
By the time FRIDAY beeps him on the phone to signal dinnertime, he realises that he’d just worked through an entire hour and a half uninterrupted while Barnes - yep, still there – kept to himself in his own corner.
“Tony,” Steve calls again. Softer.
They’re a team now as far as a team Tony had imagined should be. If Steve insists on calling it a family, he thinks he can forgive him for that too.
He does.
come.
, “Steve -,”
“Fine.” Tony grits out, shoving his dripping fist into his jeans pocket.
Pepper freezes. “What?” Her pale blue eyes are wide and beautiful as they always are.
Natasha ducks her head, lips clamping around the rim of her mug and they stretch into a smile once she finished sipping.
Should have counted in the fact that his AI is in love with her Sargeant Barnes.
Surrounded by a pile of spare parts and tools. His Henley is smudged ugly with motor oil and grease.
Rogers finds a room and Tony notes with hilarity that it’s the same room in which he had had talks with Barnes and Wanda, in that order.
“Here I thought I’d never see the great Captain America being bossed around.”
He pulls the boxer up before he asks, “Do you want the pants?” But Bucky only looks at him blank, meaning he’s dissociating which is -
“Don’t expect brownie points.” He mumbles around stuffed mouth walking towards the counter.
“Tones!”
They taste death on their tongue as they go to bed and when they wake up. They see death at every corner they turn.
“Still stupid, but less.” Sam nods, shoving another spoonful of oatmeal into his mouth. James glares at him because he hates how he agrees with Sam Wilson on that point.
They ended up one floor below, where they played hosts and entertained guests. For a moment, Steve thought Tony was going to challenge him to a game of snooker but he’s guided towards the corner of the room. Where the light from the adjacent building spilled in generously at night and the sun shone brightest in the day.
Then he realises that he’s still not against the thought. The impulse surprised him, but that is all there is to it. No – No objections or horror –
Throw away those three pair of feet that attach him to the wall, observing and never participating in living while everyone else in the room live, laugh and love.
“I have an idea.” He says, recollecting his digressing thoughts. Steve perks up, nodding for him to go on and Tony takes a deep breath, with it, grabbing onto what remaining faith he has in Steve – mostly his capability as a leader, as the Captain.
Only a few days after celebration, they have to send Wanda off and long story short; the compound never ceased from someone yelling “Wait! Have you got that –,” or “Did you remember to pack -,” every few minutes.
“You think this is funny, but I’m going back with him.” Tony pats her back.
“I love you,” he tells Tony, first and foremost. Because that, is the truth. And important. Then, “All those things you said? Tony. I want them too. I've been wanting them for a very long time. But I need you in my life in whatever way I can have you and if it would only be as my friend, then I was happy to accept it. But, Tony. Trust me. I do. I do want everything with you. And more."
“Come here,” he grunts, pulling Bucky into the bed, wrapping him up in a blanket so he can never feel cold, only warm. Doesn’t wrap himself within; he knows sometimes, too much touch can be uncomfortable, but the way Bucky looks at him when he combs his wet hair back is hungry. So Tony tucks himself close enough and presses a kiss to his forehead.
Steve’s worried gaze burning his back.
The way he loved.
“They brainwashed him,” Tony briefs, “Electric shocks to meddle with his memories and they groomed him to be their weapon.”
These days, they’re
But he knows what will happen the moment Steve finds out about it. Which is why he hasn’t told him yet.
Demon.
Steve rolls his eyes and picks up where he stopped, but the smile on his lips stays and he keeps talking, “It’s not unusual. I make mistakes too.”
“Just a while more,” Tony whispers. Please, he begs silently. “Don’t pull away yet,” and he scrunches his eyes shut tight, fists onto the back of Bucky’s tanktop and he holds on.
She takes another sharp inhale, struggling and Tony looks up at her once again, if only to make sure she’s not breaking.
Now he’s flat on his back, staring at the ceiling over a super soldier’s room as said super soldier pillows his head on Tony’s shoulder, curled into a foetal position all vulnerable but still with a firm grasp around Tony’s midsection.
Tony knows the shade of his ears by heart. Seen that one countless time and he’s never, ever, will get tired of them.
hard, that Tony feels himself breaking all over again.
With all his broken and emptied vault, the void in him which sucks and sucks and
Stunned, Tony fidgets with the watch on his own wrist, mimicking T’Challa and his beads.
“I must say, I was expecting you sooner, Mr Stark.” He announces, all kingly and regal while he waves off a couple of Dora Milaje who were insistent on following him and Tony to wherever they were heading to.
Livid, Tony shoves at his chest. “This is why.” He hisses.
“You got it?”
Short story is, “I hacked into SHIELD's server.”
He startles but reflexively catches it before it hits him square in the face.
Tony aims maximum Repulsor energy at the giant prune’s head, successfully distracting the alien from Vision and Wanda.
Tony doesn’t ask and Rhodey lets him go. But not before Tony catches the disappointment in Rhodey’s eyes.
Now that weave of freight train is shovelling him inside out.
No matter how many times you try to rub them clean, you’ll probably never reach the bottom of it. Forever changed by time and obstacles.
He can feel the hesitancy from Steve as well. But it’s alright.
“I don’t know about that,” Steve blushed, ready with a protest but all thoughts flew out of the window when Tony played the first key. Steve inhaled sharply.
as he is right now, he cannot even break his own fall if he’s to fall, so how can he try to catch Steve in the process? He can’t. He really can’t.
“Fuck!” He swears, rubbing his chest, squinting until the glow dims, revealing one Carol Danvers.
But he’d always cared more. He’d always worried more even when he didn’t want to. So he told Tony; whispered them to him, “You should go to sleep.”
He stays up in the workshop tinkering with everything and accomplishing nothing.
Which is a feat actually, so Tony raises an eyebrow at her, “No, seriously?”
He takes another sharp, shuddering inhale. Pressing the heels of his palms against his closed eyes.
When he looks up, he’s smiling ruefully, not the smile that Tony wants to ever see on his face for him,
He jumps.
As for now, she smiles at them and nods, following Miss Grey while Tony and the rest look nervously among them.
“Nope. Just me in here.”
Besides, he actually hopes that she had only pretended to not notice him placing the gift and that she found it immediately before anyone else noticed so it would remain a secret only between them both. He’d like that, he thinks.
The third time, he doesn’t even go for his session. He packs his bags that night and he stares and
How, broken as he was, even before he met Steve, once he did meet Steve and fell in love with him, his broken wailed less to
and it feels oh, so right that Tony leans forward in his chair and kisses the cheek immediately behind his hand.
Tony snaps, “What?!” Looking more than affronted; livid. Mad.
Steve jogs up to Tony, bouncy on his feet as he shakes his head fondly at his buddies and leans for a good morning kiss.
, “Please. Stay.”
He realises that he doesn’t miss it. The realisation soothes something sharp and twang within him, and he holds on to that feel, smiling at Wilson who’s the only one here and now, putting some effort to make an indent to the mountain of popcorns balanced precariously on his lap.
“Explain to him what’s going on before the Council scare them off,” he says to Bruce.
Steve swallowed, throat suddenly dry and Tony’s gaze fell on his mouth.
The phone rings and rings and – “Tony?”
. With him. It’s -,” He tries and grapples for a way to explain what it is, but Pepper puts him out of his misery, kindly.
prompt: distracting kisses from someone that are meant to stop the other person from finishing their work, and give them kisses instead
“I’m fine,” Tony pushes away from the wall. “Withdrawal from the med. The doc weaned me off.” He adds as those lines get more pinched.
their plans for the Avengers; budgets, etcetera. He does everything except, open that damned box and try to decipher it.
She fixes him with a stare. “I’m calling you whatever you are for putting yourself so far down below the psychopaths, that you’ve convinced yourself you deserved to be abused.”
According to science, when metal brushes against another metal, given certain speed and force, it develops a frictional force large enough to spark flames.
Swallowing dry, he rasps out, "Fuck off."
Steve’s tense, his hands balled up into tight fists on top of his thighs. Spine erect, painfully straight as if he’s waiting for an order. His head is turned to the window, jaw clenched and he’s giving the impression of gazing at the sky but really, he isn’t.
He minces, untrusting himself to handle another apology. He’s seething but he’s not so far gone to forget what he asked from Steve; to move on.
Bucky doesn't have Major Depressive Disorder. His diagnosis, until six months ago, was Post Traumatic Stress Disorder with depressive tendencies which often comes in a violent surge.
Unaware when exactly they’ve closed all those spaces between them to come this near.
Steve shakes his head but Tony shushes him - clutches onto him as tightly as he possibly can.
Right now though, feeling Bucky more than alive under his palm, Tony tips his slack jaw close and kisses him good morning.
He follows his gaze to where the arc reactor glows bright blue in his chest and for a second, Tony’s too caught in marvelling the way that glow reflects on Steve’s own blue that he forgets Steve hasn’t seen the reactor for a long, long time.
Later, Tony carefully adjusts them.
“How long will you be staying there?”
That’s all he needs.
- just like that; tangled and intertwined, plastered from top to bottom - into bed and never get out.
they go. The only give of her turbulent feelings her body could reveal to someone who had known her for ages; Tony.
Tony had so many experiences with that, primarily starring Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. It’s just odd to see Natasha and Barnes have a go at it.
“About Wanda.” Tony starts cautiously, pulse picking up, anticipating Steve to bark at him to shut up about Wanda.
“No, you don’t get it.” Tony looks up at him, hysteric.
But that’s the thing with Rogers.
His fingers twitch as if to grab onto Tony, but he doesn’t act on his instinct. That one line of muscle along his jaw twitches too as he clenches them brutally hard, Tony thinks his teeth probably ache under the force.
Tony’s body demands medical attention and vasodilators with an extended leave from physical duty but the six years old Captain America fan in his head is thriving from this attention. He might as well risk another attack if he could be of use for Cap.
“I can stay longer today.” Tony suggests. It’s Sunday, but he can make it happen. “We can talk over after dinner maybe?”
He thinks she’s discerningly quiet. It tests the temper Tony thought he’d lost in the upstate of New York about a year ago. He tries to think of better ways to follow up that claim, but all he manages is a cliched, “We’re friends.”
His gaze lands on the set of drawers next to Steve, particularly the second one and for a brief moment, he recklessly considers about asking what’s in there. It’s not as if he needs to know or as if he doesn’t already know.
The thing is, they’re still raw from battle. Just hours ago, they’d almost had a fight (if not for Mrs Barton) and now, Steve’s here on a single bed pretending like that didn’t happen, calling Tony for a cuddle.
, according to Rhodey; “It’s the way he smiles. Like he knows something we don’t.”
Which is impossible; he has nothing left in him to break. He’s caging emptiness within him but god,
He'd already fought himself - burnt his own illicit desires to keep them alive - and he can do it again.
The wire
He’d spent hours thinking through everything but he cannot decide on anything because he still doesn’t know what he
Even when Pepper visits, even as the doctors try their best to get a word out of him; silent, is all he is.
, mourning.
Pepper hums, tearing a piece of naan to clean up the last smatter of gravy on her plate. Tony picks around his own untouched scoop of paneer. He can feel the texture on his tongue without tasting it. It’s not like he hates the cottage cheese. He has nothing against them. It’s just – hell, he doesn’t even know why he’s thinking of that now –
so this preludes the next chapter
And Tony will say, “Geez, thanks kiddo.”
Tony’s lips wobble, giving into a fond smile as he restarts the gentle rhythm he’s been working with subconsciously. His heart swells in his chest, expanding with no limit and he exhales lowly.
Tony palms his face for a second then looks up at Steve. “Thor, he says. Thor isn’t even here.”
The silence which Barnes and Natasha leave him in is sobering.
“Thank you.” She says, rendering Tony speechless. “They’re good people. I’m just not sure if I’m good enough to -,”
His eyes fall short, somewhere around Bucky’s massive shoulders and bare arms - he’s got a tank-top on and all his guns out on display - with motor oil smudges and Tony sighs longingly.
He worries about Bruce. He admits that to him a few days later, watching the man mess up another measurement in the test tube and he asks with careful casualty, “Is something bothering you?”
Natasha’s bold. She closes the most distance between them. Physically at least.
Keyword:
The wishes and wants to be happy again.
Rogers eyes on him isn’t helping either.
Barnes regards him carefully. The wrench in his fist looking a bit bendy. “Something like that.”
Like Steve, he thinks to himself.
Tony shuts up, puts up his hands in apology and chuckles when Steve shakes his head.
Rogers at least, has the tact to put a good level of distance between them. Or maybe it’s just Tony skittishly sidling up to where the exit door is, while Rogers stands in the middle of the room, commanding all attention to him even with his head down and hands clasped in front.
He’s so fucking tired of picking himself up after he falls. He doesn’t want to fall again.
Like a stray puzzle piece finally sliding back where it belongs.
He’s knocked out unconscious for solid eight hours that night; no nightmares, no panic attacks, no restlessness.
Tony fiddles all the way until they enter the lab, then, he is mostly just curious. McCoy is nice enough to let Tony wander around the lab by himself, as long as he asks McCoy before he does anything; general lab rules, Tony’s no stranger to them.
2015 July 15
That being said, he isn’t sure that they have, moved on. Or have they?
Steve’s arms loosen around him and his heart races in his chest, Tony can feel it against his own, but he still pulls away just enough so he can meet Steve’s eyes, wide and pleading as he searches Tony’s.
Verbally, vocalizes it. It may or may not always reach the sufficient decibels, but oh well, they usually suffice.
And Tony knows he does, but-
kind hospitality, in their hidden land of richness, with his life on stakes should he chooses his words carelessly.
Steve looks up again, this time, the pleading in those blue are gone, replaced by challenge.
Tony’s hands shake, and he’s pretty sure Pepper’s too. They sit in that sinking heaviness, wallowing for a minute; letting the cloud fill out, let the stale past wash out.
Rhodey snorts, kicking his feet out onto the table. Bruce responsibly pauses the movie they’re watching.
“Steve Rogers dedicated his mind, his body, his life to the SSR and to this country. Not to your bank account.” Peggy snarls, her shaky voice breaking in anger even as she holds composed under Steve’s hands.
He taps away an assuring text to Pepper and Rhodey each, steps into the elevator blindly and right before the door closes, someone catches him by his shoulder and he startles so badly that his chest aches, reminding him of how fresh the attack was.
Tony nods in Barnes’ direction when his tongue feels too heavy on the floor of his mouth to get a word of greeting out.
Giddy as they are with something vile and raw, they didn't care if their teeth clashed in the rush; painful and sharp, or if their kisses were too messy and wet. Their heads are too heady with the taste of their love and they feed it into each other’s mouths, drink it out of them and fuck - They laugh through it all.
Later, he watches the sun spill over Bucky’s closed eyes, spread from his sleep-slack face to his naked torso and sheet tangled legs and he reaches out a hand to press it over Bucky’s left pectoral.
He’d just started basking in the freedom from his antidepressant, after spending two weeks worrying the life of him, watching for any side effects to knock him sideways to Sunday.
