“Well it’s a good thing neither of us break promises,” Tony says, words dripping in sarcasm. “So it’s definitely not because you’re convinced I’ve turned myself into an abomination and you can’t stand to touch me.”
Tony knows what the flowers mean. He looks at his husband, the love of his life, his partner of four years -
Steve says before he leaves in the morning.
“Why the hell would we be?” Stark snipes back.
Steve can’t help himself. “You should be there.”
Steve murmurs.
Across the continent Tony sighed and the line didn’t even crackle. Steve swore he could feel the breath flutter across his cheek. “No, I didn’t. But I thought forgetting might be the better option.”
Steve doesn’t care what Stark’s come to offer. The unearned nostalgia roils in his gut and makes his tongue is sharp. “How was your meeting with Ross?”
—————————————
Steve wakes on the floor of the gym to a dull thrum at 3am. It’s a blessing. The dream slips away, leaving nothing but a slick, acrid aftertaste at the back of his throat. It takes him several moments to realize the hum is not in his imagination. He’s not hearing it, he’s feeling it; minute vibrations singing through the structure of the building itself. It’s a living pulse, keeping tempo like a beating heart.
Tony says, serious.
————————————
“You want to
It was a perfectly valid explanation. Steve couldn’t let it go.
But the kind of soul who loves for nothing in return is the kind that lets love suffocate them instead of relearning how to breathe. You do not die of the blossoms in your lungs, you die of a life spent on someone unable to repay you in kind. In some ways it is easier to endure a slow, brutal death than to give up a fantasy that sustains you. The blooms simply force your hand. Until then they treat you as what you are: dead already. Fertilizer.
Stark runs a hand over his face and his shoulders drop. “No. I can’t. Or I
The elevator dings and both men freeze.
Steve couldn’t quite manage
Suddenly Steve feels lighter too.
“What are you having Natasha do?” Steve asks.
“Two days.” He feels the inescapable urge to defend Tony. “Before that it was longer.”
The Soldier’s head swivels and Steve shoves him out of the line of fire. Iron Man doesn't shoot, he advances, but he ignores the Soldier completely and grabs Steve instead. Cold metal encloses his right forearm and his instinctive left hook to the side of Iron Man’s helmet does nothing but bloody his knuckles.
“On whose authority? Who gave you the right to decide - ” Steve choked over his own words. “I know, alright. I know how you feel but nothing you do now will undo what happened to him.”
————————————
Instead Kovalchyk’s blue eyes are calm and steady. “You’re wrong.”
Tony tucked his hands where he couldn’t see them. The illumination from the burning oil threw the forest beyond into stark relief. Giant malformed trees gathered closely: leafless and lifeless and looming. Tony staggered across the bleeding river towards them like a child reeled in by the novelty of strangers. Steve followed like a shadow behind.
“Let go,” Tony orders.
He spends the rest of the evening trying to cover his agitation. He spends hours failing to add faces to the figures in his sketchbook. Every expression he draws is wrong; waffling between cartoonish and lifeless. He can’t get the precise tick of lips right to indicate a secretive smile so the woman is left with a silent scream. The eyes of another stare off the page in desperation, as if needing to escape the mutilation of Steve’s pen. The Tin Soldier’s face is blank and dead but at least that fits. It’s only humanity Steve has difficulty capturing on the page.
“Tony?” Bucky asks over his shoulder. His grip doesn’t slacken. “You okay?”
“Let me drive.”
He’d been so preoccupied with compartmentalizing Bucky and Tony in his mind that he’d forgotten they’re linked in reality in irrevocable ways. “It’s only the 10th.” It sounds like an excuse.
Natasha manages to snort elegantly. “Tony’s always treated rules as optional, why would he start obeying them now?”
“You don’t have to apologize, Buck.” Steve can’t let him depend on Tony. “Stark nearly killed you for something you didn’t - “
“You know I can’t answer that.”
“I just - They’re out there. All of them. The people I hurt.” Bucky pulls himself inward. “There’s no coming back from that but I thought: if just one of them could forgive me it’d be enough. And if Tony could, then anyone could right?”
“Oh? How? Target practice gone awry?” Clint asked before squinting. “You aiming at someone in particular?”
It was a beautiful day in August when Steve’s nightmare came for him.
Steve eyes widen. “When?”
“I know.”
It was the way Tony said
Strange left without another word and Steve drew out his phone with furious, shaking hands and dialed. He hadn’t spoken with Tony in fifty-six days. The phone picked up on the first ring and it angered Steve that his call was expected. “Did you really think I’d say
, Steve, you don’t deserve eternal damnation, how could you possibly think that?”
Bucky visits Steve now instead of the other way around. Twice a week he has meetings with his lawyers at the Compound. He never brings up Steve’s feelings and he never acts any differently. They soldier on.
mattered little these days.
Then he’d smiled that satisfied smile and something icy in Steve had cracked. His grip slackened as he let Tony slip to the ground. Tony had bled out slowly, the greedy mud drinking it in. The blood would water the seed of a tree. It hadn’t been Tony’s first suicide nor the last, and by the end he’d made a forest of them. He’d hanged himself from handmade nooses, he’d drowned himself under the frozen lake. He’d once found the courage plunge into the boiling tar pit. He escaped into amnesia before Steve could send him there. Before Steve could kill him.
The corners of Tony’s lips twitch, the beginnings of a smile. He can’t hide his earnest longing well enough. “Come back, Cap.”
Stark shakes his head. “You have so much faith in people," he looks Steve in the eye, "I hate it. You believe everyone who goes through shit can come out the other side. It’s a nice sentiment - full points there - but sometimes life gives you lemons and you end up an asshole. Or you lose your legs, your arm, your mind and then…”
Steve smiles, sharp this time. “You’re not going anywhere and I don’t see you holding up too long to the Black Widow. Think of me as practice.”
“Bruce and Thor will come back.”
“You’re not listening, we can’t help Tony. He doesn’t trust me and he certainly doesn’t trust you.”
“You found a
“Then you pick yourself up,” Steve finishes resolutely. “With help if you need it.”
“So do I.” Bucky gives Steve a grim smile. “And if he stops coming, I’ll never know.”
know.” She looks every inch as exhausted as three bullets to the abdomen will make you. “Tony very rarely seeks out help but miracles happen and the only thing I had to do was prevent you from sticking your nose where it didn’t belong. And I failed.” She tucks her tongue behind her teeth. "I thought even if you didn’t trust Tony, you’d trust me.”
“That a problem for you now?” Her voice rang out sharply.
Tony broke, a gasping, choking exorcism of tears and pain, and Steve didn’t know where the poison ended and blood began. The church bells rang and Midnight Mass poured out the doors, parishioners parting around them like water.
“He never knew I was here. Not at the beginning. I needed to know how much he remembered.” She frowns. “Then I needed to find out how much
So Steve watches Tony fall apart and does nothing. Damned by action and inaction alike.
(If he had saved Bucky, he might have saved Tony too.)
Four words and nothing’s changed. A year on and all for naught.
Steve felt a gauntleted hand grab his drawn-back fist. The Iron Man armour managed to shine through the layer of guts and blood overtop. “She’s down. You don’t do this, Steve.”
“Bucky - “
“Thank the Lord.” Sam sinks into the sofa. “Preferably we should leave before they give me your job.”
Steve stood well back.
“Where do you go at night?” Bucky asked carefully one night when Steve came back.
Tony’s eyes flew open and he jerked himself out of Steve’s embrace violently. “No.”
don’t owe him. Let someone else carry that weight.” He wills every bit of faith he can across the gulf between them. “You owe it to yourself to get better with or without Tony. You deserve that.”
Steve’s gaze swings to the Iron Man armor. “FRIDAY.”
Steve’s manners force him to collect the doctor's cane and overcoat from the kitchen. Kovalchyk picks up his sketchbook and looks at Steve over the rim of his spectacles. It reminds Steve of schoolmasters of years past.
“The mission ends once you’ve cleared Medical, until then you’re under the council’s purview.” He stalks forward. “Inebriation on duty is cause for immediate removal from rotation.”
It wasn’t an idle exercise. Steve remembered what hating Tony felt like. “What happened to them?”
“ - sure let’s concentrate on the one mistake I made and not on the literal dozens you did. Because that’s not what always happens.”
Bruce told him once from the top of Avengers Tower that to look at the stars was to see back in time. It made the future a little less lonely.
He stops counting his mistakes after this one.
Steve’s heart is beating rapidly despite the lack of danger. “But you didn’t know.”
“Not the science.
“He was," Steve squeezes his eyes shut, "or well, he might have been. There’s a good chance HYDRA had him killed and that they used the Winter Soldier - James Barnes - to do it.” He rifles through the papers. This isn’t how the conversation was supposed to go. “I don’t have everything here, but I’m - if Tony…”
. It didn’t throb like a secondary heartbeat that had a will of its own. Outside the Ether, pain was an enemy, not a companion. A pale imitation was all he could afford.
Sam turns to him. “I can’t believe we regularly trust the planet to these assholes.”
Tony hesitates for a second before he grabs it and drops into the wicker armchair. “If it’s quid pro quo do I get to accuse her of being a Hydra agent and then ambush her because I think she’s going to kill Rhodey?”
“Don’t need it.”
Steve turned, weary. “You remember.”
“You promised me I wouldn’t remember,” Steve’s voice cracked. That had been the final of Tony’s betrayals.
“ - ‘probationary period’ for the next year,” Sam complains as he searches the fridge.
Getting dragged down into numbers with Tony is a moot point. “Zemo was the bad guy. The villain.”
Sam’s scrutinizing him intently and all of a sudden the warm feeling of reunion fades and Steve feels exposed. “Fine.”
“The second time I was smarter about it so he boarded up the doors of the local tavern and set it on fire. He caught me when I showed up to try and help. Told me it was the only way I’d learn. He let them burn.” Tony’s mouth was set in a grim line. “There wasn’t a third time, I only had to be taught that particular lesson twice.”
Tony doesn’t argue that point, like he thinks Steve has walked away unscathed from every fight simply because his skin doesn't hold onto pain.
Steve tosses him the keys. “Jim and Sam were in no condition to drive.”
I also apologize to all Polish people for any butchering of names/history/science.
“We go that way.” Tony pointed with more confidence than he had. It was an arbitrary choice. In a place devoid of landmarks or known destination, one direction was as good as any other.
goes unsaid but heavily implied.
“That’s… good.” Sam grabs two cans of lemonade instead and tosses one to Steve. “How long’s it been?”
The rescue party comprised Bucky and Logan. Both dead or non-existent on the other side, both willing to step into the unknown.
Natasha is still staring out at the barren ground. “Why wouldn’t I? You’re always honest, aren’t you, Steve?”
Tony hesitated and Steve didn’t know how to read it in the dark.
He's surprised by the immediacy of his answer. “Stay. I want to stay. If that means I have to trust Stark… “ He sinks another basket effortlessly. “For now.”
“It wasn’t about choosing,” she says haltingly. “It was about doing the right thing.”
“Do you think he’s spending tomorrow alone?” Bucky asks the empty room. “Doesn’t seem fair if he is.”
Rhodes nods but his smile slips just a bit. “How’s he been?”
In the stillness of this place his once called home the loneliness is amplified hundredfold. He becomes accustomed to the solitude so the first time Steve finds himself not alone he barely reacts. His timekeeping isn’t the most precise these days and while the living quarters are separate from the active Avengers floors, they’re not permanently locked off.
“Someone should have called him as soon as you got back.”
The most unbearable part turns out not to be the restless nights or the coughing fits. It’s the smell.
Steve had said, throat tight and forcing himself to meet Tony's eyes.
————————————
“Leave him out of it.” Tony knows what a sore spot Bucky is. “When I surrendered, you promised me he’d be safe - you promised
“I’m glad you’re back.” He means every word.
“Because I know that desert.” Tony recognized it now. It was the desert in Afghanistan or at least a decent replica, plucked fully formed from his nightmares.
Tony wondered if the castle-dwellers had found the way out or if they too were wandering this seemingly endless place.
“Well, he does. They get any non-sensitive HYDRA files the Avengers find, any details I - the Soldier remembers. Tanaka suggested that I could write something too, if I wanted. I don’t think many get delivered. Not a lot of them want to hear from me.”
Kovalchyk makes a move to get off the couch and a switch flips. Tony’s eyes swing away, body language instantly back to languid as if he weren’t just hovering on the verge of confrontation. Steve can’t do that but he does take a single step back. It’s hard not to feel chastised.
“Best guess differential of how far I can move Probabilities 1 and 2.” Stark shrugs. “Team composition matters a lot. You’ll be happy to know that there are several countries who’ll trust the Avengers only provided you’re at the helm. Granted there’s a longer list of countries you’re prohibited from entering on principle. It’s nearly as impressive as mine.”
It was the accumulation of little things. Tiny missteps that on their own meant nothing. There was the gala where the uppity senator’s aide had run his hand possessively across Tony’s back and Tony hadn’t even broken conversation. He just stood there allowing the touch and Steve nearly ripped the other alpha’s arm off, heart pounding with the effort it took to restrain himself from knocking the man out.
Steve’s hands gripped the cold metal railing and it leeched all the warmth out of him. “Is it me? Is being around me making him worse?”
“ - your delusional self-assessment - ”
“I can’t control the fucking weather!” Stark takes a step closer, ignoring the warning etched in Steve’s hunched shoulders. “I’m not the Typhoon-whisperer, you need Thor for that!”
Steve’s grimace tightened. He rested his forehead against his intertwined hands and Tony wondered why it took him so long to recognize a man praying. He moved to give Steve some privacy before the man in question surged forward and Tony froze, his sprained wrist caught in Steve’s careful grip.
No one’s told Steve this directly. The conversation dies down whenever he approaches but the civilian medical staff never quite got with the program so Steve learns all this three days into the stalemate once relations have become tense enough that the Belgians have threatened to treat any incoming Quinjets as hostile.
There is nothing for the Avengers to avenge except their own personal hurts and they have torn each other apart.
Steve feels the familiar urge to seek him out and set him straight but Natasha beats him to it. She has Tony cornered on the balcony overlooking the meadows. There’s no one else around to rescue him save Steve who’s tucked well out of sight.
Steve feels exposed. He flips the cover back over his sketches, protecting them from further investigation. It isn't long before Happy flashes the red taillights of the waiting car outside and Kovalchyk disappears into the night.
Then Tony slips his glasses off and makes a gesture that gets FRIDAY to cut the music. “You never come down here,” he says in a gravelly voice.
Natasha's unimpressed. “You could call the Joint Task Force, the US military, and the UN down on his head if he ran and we both know Steve wouldn’t hurt you deliberately.”
Tony looks at himself in the blood-speckled mirror. The dark crimson rose is stained with splatters of red.
Her words strike like a knife lovingly slid between two ribs.
Steve has to prevent himself from sinking his teeth into collarbone in frustration because none of this was supposed to be. They were Earth’s Mightiest Heroes. They were supposed to be able to work this out. To say sorry and forgive and forget. They were never meant to break in the first place. (Steve was supposed to die in the ice. Tony was born to burn from the inside out.)
It does little to alleviate Steve’s suspicions. Tony takes it personally.
“Why?”
In which letters remain undelivered.
Steve has lost whatever plot thread Tony's babbling about but it doesn't matter. He stands abruptly, forcing Tony to scramble back. With one hand he throws the covers open and in a single movement he picks Tony up at the waist and drops him onto the mattress.
Tony says in that tone that means he’s referencing something.
He finds Tony on the roof of the Compound. FRIDAY lets him up without incident and that should have been his first warning. It’s still dark and the only illumination is the halogen light shining through the ripped hole in the North Wing roof and the glow of the arc reactor in the Iron Man armor that hovers nearby. Tony’s surveying the damage, standing too close to the crumbling edges, and Steve can see his face momentarily catch the light as he walks the circumference of the hole.
He was like that: kind, up until he wasn’t.
Steve takes a deep breath. “Therapist.”
“Shit.” Tony hadn’t known they were on a time table. He made his way back to Steve. They had nothing to cauterize or dress wounds. They didn’t even have clean water let alone painkillers that would work on a supersoldier.
“I’m not subtle, Rogers,” Stark says with disgust, “if I start taking it out on him he’ll know it. I’m still not building a brainwashed assassin a shiny new weapon to hit me with. Call it self-preservation.”
The nights were awful but the mornings were bliss. Tony gave Steve what he’d never told a soul he wanted: a slice of domestic life. Lazy, unhurried blow jobs and long two-person showers. They’d make love slowly in the morning sun and if Tony was imagining someone else he never let it show. Brunch became an extravagant affair and Tony was finally putting on weight, but the carefree generosity of it all made Steve uneasy, like those mornings were repayment for a good night’s rest and Tony was settling his tab with interest.
————————
“Were things really that great?” Sam asks softly.
“I’ll pass that along.”
It takes the sting out of their fights, burns off the excess energy until the memory of the aftermath replaces the anger at the beginning. The careful balance is difficult to maintain, made more so since sex with Stark lends itself to extremes: absolute control or abject surrender. Steve’s the one who reaches out but Tony’s the one who follows through. Even when he’s on his knees it’s still his show. He drags responses out of Steve’s body like he’s playing an instrument.
Only once he was safely back in the car park did he call Doctor Strange.
The paper cup crumpled in Steve’s hands. “Serves him right.”
“Fine. Then you can stay here. Alone.” Tony took a step into the bog. “It’s your choice.”
Steve can’t fix anything, certainly not himself. “That’s not on me. Please don’t put that on me.”
Steve didn’t move so Tony started across the marsh, bare feet sinking ankle-deep into quicksand with every step. He only made it ten feet before Steve tackled him. The soft surface of the swamp broke Tony’s fall as he fell face-first into the shallows. He inhaled reflexively and his lungs flooded. The mud shoved into his mouth was deja vu before a strong arm looped around his waist to haul him up. He choked on air, dizzy.
“He was killed.”
It took him too long to realize that about Tony, it occurs to him that maybe Tony doesn’t know that about him.
“What? You expect me to believe you’re on my side again?” Tony says snidely as Natasha draws her hand back.
Steve hated the mix of anger and pity that Tony could inspire as easy as breathing. “Stop.”
He stops at a tiny roadside diner because he’s hungry and because he can. He has his pick of empty tables and slides into a cheap plastic booth. The lone waitress doesn’t recognize him: he’s nobody without his shield and cowl, just another bearded tourist passing through. He orders a single coffee with his only cash and watches a baseball game on the TV mounted in the corner. The coffee is watery and burnt but the free cherry pie the waitress brings him is sweet enough for both.
“Excuse me for thinking you’d follow.”
They tip over the edge.
Steve is frozen and Tony is drowning.
Steve experiences a moment of perfect confusion because he didn't plan for this and then it all rushes towards anger.
“Like hell I am,” Tony retorted, “just because Captain America didn’t get laid - “
He feels his face flush because realistically how long did they think they were going to get away with it? Sneaking around like teenagers and not like two grown men in a building packed with spies.
Flesh hits drywall hard enough to clack and Stark stops grinning. Steve shouldn’t be angry but it shouldn’t be Stark, so somehow that all balances out.
———————————————
instead of
Tony arrives at the cemetery to find his fugitive ex-husband has already dusted the snow off the gravestones. He waits for the sight of Steve Rogers to take his breath away but there is nothing but an ache behind his eyes; suppressed tears or a budding migraine or the pain of staring into the sun.
was the key. You never guessed.”
“Hey!”
The stench of decomposition hit Tony at once as he sank into the putrid soil. They weren’t trenches, they were graves.
“Antman and Wasp will jump at the chance if you go recruit them. They’re not too keen on me.”
“Steve.” He hasn’t been Captain America in over a year.
“You’re coming back, right?” Steve tries to cover his apprehension
Stark startles. “So it’s back to first names now.” He slams the door shut with what Steve suspects is more force than strictly necessary. “Well I’ve sucked your dick, I guess I’ve earned it.”
He strains against every instinct in his body that’s screaming to just drag Tony away from the drop. He makes himself use words instead. “Come back from the edge.”
“That’s classified,” Stark covers stiffly as he steps up next to him.
Bucky shoots him a dirty look that’s so familiar it hurts. “Well now I know you’re lyin’.”
Tony tastes warm and bitter. Like coffee. Like he would have a lifetime ago, before everything went sideways.
“Don’t romanticize broken tools, Steve.” The name slips out unweighted and Tony's next words are careful. “I never said I wouldn’t try. One day. If you asked.”
Sam himself looks a little bit older, a little bit wiser in person than their video calls would suggest. He’s in a civilian suit and it’s a good look on him. His hair is subtly longer and he seems leaner than before - details that don’t matter much on their own but stacked one on top of the other are indicators of just how much life has moved on since they saw each other last.
“What happens when he stops?”
“Stop this.” Her voice brooks no argument so of course Tony makes it into one.
Why would she? The Black Widow is a spy and Steve is not an honest man.
The door has barely swung open before Steve calls out, his ambush well prepared. “Tony.”
The venom in Tony’s voice surprises him. “What the hell am I going to do with another letter? Let alone two.”
Steve turns the ignition and engine comes alive with a deep, purposeful roar. It is not a quiet sound and it drowns out all the things they do not to say.
Steve draws a deep breath. “So how do I make it better?”
Steve watched the armour articulate as Iron Man continued to blast their foes left and right, protecting them both. A whirligig of red and gold, of blood and money, of wrath and pride. The robot swarm closed in.
“Fine.” He thinks once upon a time Tony might have done both just because Steve asked.
A woman’s shriek, the smell of leek soup, the metallic clunk of a deadbolt. Background details in the racket of life and then without warning Tony was gone. Sometimes it was only a slight tremble, sometimes he’d stop breathing, eyes wide and pupils dilated. Once, at the smell of campfire smoke Tony had opened the door of the moving car and wandered off.
Tony asks over the phone when there is a safe hundred miles between them.
for you? For everyone? You could teach me what it was like on the other side.“
“So was I.”
Steve stared into his flat coke. “It got bad,” he confessed, “there were times I could have killed him.”
The Avengers can’t go to Belgium but Steve is not an Avenger.
As if on cue a rolling shudder wracked Tony’s body. His hand crawled instinctively to his throat and dug his fingers hard into his fading bondbite. It wasn’t anywhere close to the force of an alpha’s bite but his nails broke skin. Beads of blood welled up through new half-moon dents as his body relaxed; a widowed omega drawing comfort from the last vestige of their mate.
Stark’s eyes turn glassy. Steve can’t tell if it’s anger or regret. “What about her?”
Steve takes a deep breath. “But if I was going to tell someone it would have had to be Tony.”
Steve knows there are parts of himself that Tony fakes for the world but Steve already knows all the soft, vulnerable bits that lie under Iron Man’s armour. Tony pasting on some concealer and a smile isn’t going going to make Steve forget. He doesn’t want another Stark performance: he wants something of Tony that's real, and Stark will give him a house, a shield, his body, and an army of lawyers but he will not trust Steve with that.
And Tony wouldn’t take them, hasn’t taken them any of the times he’s visited because Bucky is right; he is not forgiven.
“Yeah,” Sam says without remorse, “and I don’t even particularly like the guy.” He takes a slow draw from his lemonade. “But believe it or not I didn’t actually drop in to talk about your bestie and frenemy. How are you doing, man?”
It’s not comforting that Tony can’t put it into words. Steve tries to hide his relief their secret stays buried. He goes back to the kitchen and returns with a First Aid kit and a second mug of instant coffee.
The confessional creaked. “Aren’t you forgetting someone?”
BEFORE YOU READ: Updated content cautions at the end.
Steve just glares. He knows better than to expect it’ll work on Tony but short of ripping the glass from his hand and carrying him down to Medical it’s all Steve has. Confined to an arena barring physical action the fight advantage lies with Stark.
Steve doesn’t like to think of how close he came to answering incorrectly.
Sam shakes his head. “Not that job.” He fiddles with the tab of his lemonade. “Captain America 2.0. Bigger, better, Blacker. Less Mighty Whitey.”
Steve exhaled and his eyes closed. “Just - Just tell me you know how we get back.”
Steve averts his stare, propriety catching up with him. He can feel colour rush to his cheeks. Tony gives a small laugh from somewhere outside his field of view.
“Wait - ! Hey!” Tony calls, voice falling farther behind as Steve picks up his pace. “The hangar doors are locked, Rogers!”
“No, it wasn’t.” A Russian accent seeps into her voice, distorting the words from what he’s expecting. “Do you think the truth would have been better?”
“Those are hobbies.”
Tony’s smirk is amused. “In the immortal words of Jack Nicholson,
The threat hangs over them both.
There’s a moment of silence and then the aggression bleeds out of Stark until he just looks exhausted. They don’t need this: the argument or anything more but Tony is clearly gunning for both. He might get his wish: Steve can't bring himself to look at Stark for long, at his body littered with reminders that Tony let himself be touch and marked and used by a stranger. Steve's not so far gone that he'll begrudge Tony his freedom but he resents it just the same.
She nodded as if silence were confirmation enough. “What do you need?”
The shame Steve feels is unpleasant and thick. “Kovalchyk's helping.”
“...it should have been - ”
“What we’re looking for is down there,” Tony whispered. He knew it on an instinctual level, just like he knew he had to save Steve.
Steve’s momentarily taken aback. FRIDAY runs much of the automated functions in the Compound. She’s Tony’s constant companion. “You turned her off?”
“FRIDAY, lock the door.” Steve doesn’t recognize his own voice.
By now everyone had figured out
Stark holds out for all of an hour, plenty of time for Steve's helplessness to turn to anger. There’s a series of sharp raps at his door and part of him is elated at the chance for confrontation. When his better nature prevails, the knocks turn into a pretty solid kick and Steve could never leave well enough alone. He opens the door to give Stark a piece of his mind. He wants to make sure Tony understands exactly how badly he’s messed up tonight. Steve lost his best friend to the war, then Hydra, then to a mess of red tape. Stark drove his away all on his own. If he thinks Steve has even the slightest bit of sympathy for him he’s every bit the entitled bastard Steve first pegged him as.
He can tell from the glassy look in Tony’s eyes that he doesn’t believe him and Steve can’t do anything about it. He can’t point to his track record or his good word. He can’t lie and say he’s happy, or that everything’s working. He just has to wake up every morning and stay. And day by day he does.
she says with a small smile. Then it drops.
“Who should I call?” Steve asked solemnly as Tony wiped his latest attempt with the back of his sleeve, pre-heat restlessness causing the motion to be jerky instead of smooth.
You self-righteous prick,” Tony says, agitated and eyes flashing. “Wanda lives in a cushy apartment in Amsterdam. I tried to save her visa once and you crucified me for it so maybe don’t play chicken with the US State Department. I take another chance on Natasha because fifth time’s the charm and that’s me doling out punishment? I made Barnes an arm, spent millions of dollars on the rehabilitation of my mother’s murderer - “
“I can’t sign my name to something I don’t believe in.” It’s as simple as that.
Fortunately, Tony has never waited for Steve to catch up before forging ahead. Wrists free, he snakes one hand between them to dip under the waistband of Steve’s sweatpants. He palms Steve through his boxers and Steve lurches forward, driving himself into the pressure. Anything feels better than repetitive drive of his own hand.
“I promised Bucky I’d stay.” It’s one of the only promises he hasn’t broken.
He forgets about the blooms until the morning after when they’re tangled up in bed, Steve’s heartbeat steady beneath him. He can feel the petals threatening his throat, his thoracic cavity feels stuffed as he rushes to the bathroom. The large rose comes out easily enough but it’s not alone and Tony pulls the long trailing stem out of his own windpipe like a tapeworm. Its thorns catch on the sides of his trachea, drawing blood that he aspirates onto the mirror.
“Hello, Cap.” Tony’s voice was musical.
Steve scrolls through the ten names, a plan of action coalescing in his mind.
Steve watched his breath condense in the cold air. It was the only proof he was alive, everything else about him was numb, shutting down. “You didn’t tell me.”
“Thank you,” Steve says and finds he means it. “I hadn’t seen her in..." Absent the immediacy of the sting he can feel a warm thaw in his chest. “Thank you.”
His spade hits a bundle of roots hiding under the rich earth and slices it cleanly in half. “I think I killed your… purple.”
Tony was skinnier than when he left, hipbones jutting sharply without the underlying muscle. He was cold at the extremities and feverish at the core, slower too; keeping Steve’s pace when before he’d race ahead and call the shots. He tasted like copper and salt.
Steve’s smile was wry. “That why you keep punishing yourself?”
Rhodey asks when it’s well past time he knew.
Tony inhales the crisp, cold air and thinks he never gave winter its due.
It’s too late. She’s gone silent again. A connection reestablished and relost in a night.
“No, they’re not. They’re your friends.” Steve could see the weight in Tony’s tired eyes, the anxious set of his shoulders. “Peter?”
Bucky raises an eyebrow. “What did you think your money was buying?”
“You don’t owe me anything,” Steve said hoarsely, trying to calm him. “Whoever they were was lucky to have you.”
“I’m sorry too,” Steve said, sincere and wretched at once.
“If I don’t deserve it then why are we still here?” Steve looked at him like Tony had the answers.
Steve’s not sure he wasn’t imagining it in the first place. “Bucky?” he rasps.
The Black Widow knows better than to make promises but she keeps this one just the same.
“There’s a reason for that,” Tony grimaced, “it’s because I don’t smell like you anymore. Or the Captain if you want to get technical.”
“Dreams tell us a lot about ourselves,” Wanda was saying, “What we fear. What we hope for.”
Steve holds his hands out in surrender. “You have my word.”
Steve’s soda tastes artificial and too sweet. “Gym, running, drawing.”
————————————
On cue both men walk in having a loud argument about football. They spot Pepper and comically lower their voices before Rhodes slumps, happily drunk, on Tony’s other side.
“What’s up, man?” comes a familiar voice.
Steve purses his lips and carefully keeps both hands curled around the railing to keep himself from leaving.
Natasha’s eyes lock with his over Tony’s shoulder because of course she already knew Steve was there. In the space of a single glance he desperately wills everything he wants to say across the distance between them.
“But it alters you. Permanently.” Tony fidgets. “That’s what change
Outside the North Wing the Compound is bustling with people. Natasha’s on floor duty, Vision’s out of the country. Rhodes has joined Tony wherever he is and Bucky has his whole production of world class doctors who can help him better than Steve can.
Then Stark shakes his head in disbelief and between breaths Tony disappears. He fixes his clothing as best he can and saunters over to the drinks cart, all artifice as opposed to grace. He pours himself a finger of scotch, thinks better of it, and adds a second as he leans against the side table. He doesn’t offer Steve one. “So is this going to be a regular thing with you?”
Some long-buried instinct steers him down toward the basement. He's had no reason to visit Tony’s workshop since he came back. It isn’t as fancy as the one Stark had at the Tower but when Steve reaches out to place his palm on the locked steel doors he can feel the heavy bass line of music being played at astronomical volume.
February in the Midwest was barren. Interstate trucking compacted the snowfall into heavy slush. Dirty spray stuck to wheel wells until dipping temperatures froze them into stalactites. Instead of fluffy flakes, the snow fell in whipping icicles that drove into skin like needles.
“Trust me,” Tony pleaded. He even smiled. “I promised you I had a plan and even if I don’t remember the details, I know whatever we’re looking for is in that direction.” It was a lie but one designed to keep hope alive until he could find an actual solution. “C’mon, Cap. You followed me this far.”
Steve was never himself after that.
“I told Lewis I was playing with the GPS responder in the suit and it didn’t quite pinpoint my location as precisely as it should have.” Tony gives a small smile. “Good thing no one’s in the North Wing gym at one in the morning. No harm, no foul.”
“I love you,” Tony said as he took Steve’s hand.
and once, horribly,
From this angle he can see past Tony's sunglasses to the tired crinkles around brown eyes. “Just drive, Rogers.”
With Natasha still off active duty they’re forced to call in reinforcements and Steve’s nervous. Beyond Fury’s initial meddling, the Avengers have always had pretty much carte blanche when it comes to field personnel. They adopted Natasha and Clint from SHIELD, they were there for Wanda, for Vision. It’s not like Steve made those decisions alone but as Field Leader he always got a vote.
“You’d think you’d remember a lot of things,” Steve replied, slightly bitter.
“And all I wanted back was some fucking
“I’m not so old I can’t learn from my mistakes. I’m not leaving.”
“I’m working on it,” Tony said confidently to cover his unease, “and you don’t have to do anything but stay with me, Cap. We’re not dead yet and I don’t believe in the Afterlife - and that includes Hell.”
“What?” The word was ripped from him.
Tony shook his head. “Not what I was doing, that was all selfish too. You were right, bond shock should have killed me when I came back. But it didn’t." He gave a tiny, hollow smile. "I brought just enough of the Captain back with me to keep me alive.”
“Let it be something else.”
“I was being a hypocrite.” Stephen’s expression twisted. “I make him uneasy these days. He needs a doctor he can trust and I find myself… failing . He won’t tell me why but I have my suspicions.” He looked mournfully at the motel door. There was more grey at his temples than before. “I couldn't cross the veil either. You’re not alone, Captain.”
“Can’t really feel it most of the time.” To prove his point Steve ran his finger along the sewn gash leaving a smear of blood behind before pulling on his uniform. “But sometimes... sometimes I can feel it killing me. Slowly. Then the pain fades, flattens out.”
“He’s fine,” Steve echoes, trying to will himself into belief.
“You don’t have to - “ Tony bit off the objection. It would have been half-hearted anyway.
It was the innocuous that set Tony off.
. How did we get here? Where even
“I can do this,” Tony rasped in a haze of lust and pleading. “Please.”
There were no bodies, nothing to indicate the Iron Knights had been anything but hollow from the start. The trees had eaten their fill and were wearing their trophies: a feast for flora in the absence of sunlight.
Tony’s eyes squeeze shut like a man anticipating a bullet. “Go, Fri.”
, the tactician in Steve’s head reasons,
Tony’s grin falls off his face and his expression shuts down. Steve doesn’t know where the conversation’s gone wrong but it certainly has.
“It doesn’t matter.”
Tony caught him staring and zipped up his sweater. Steve averted his gaze in shame.
“Whatever it is, it stops here,” Natasha says coldly. “He doesn’t need someone messing with his head. You can hurt him - I know you don’t think so - but you can. And you will.”
They’re not really Steve’s or Tony’s. Captain America and Iron Man are just convenient touchstones for viewpoints a dozen international law graduates are perfectly capable of expounding on their own. Across the conference table Tony looks like he wants to say something but he bites it back. Their petty skirmishes don’t end in sex or violence or airports getting destroyed anymore. They just end with ugly words that linger without the rush of adrenaline or endorphins to disperse them.
“He has a chronic heart condition!”
“No.” Tony drained the vodka.
It wasn’t night and Tony didn’t feel the least bit tired but he did as Steve asked. It turned out to be a fortuitous decision because less than an hour later the storm hit. There was no warning: the sky was the same mid-range grey it always was and then the storm announced itself with a thunderclap. The winds raced across the plain in great gusts, howling as they ripped past Tony’s eardrums. The cold rain was whipped up in a frenzy and the great cairn only provided partial shelter as the wind chased them around the base of the tower. Forked lightning descended from the clouds like brilliant, jagged tears in the universe and flared brightly for longer than physics should have allowed. Despite the circumstance Tony doubted there was a man alive who could have denied the marvellous sight it made.
“Are you hurt?” Steve asks more sharply than he intends to.
“Well I won’t.” Steve planted himself between the doctors and the door. “I called you to help, not to use him as an experiment - “ Richards made a move and Steve grabbed him by the collar, exposing Sue’s decades-old bite.
Bucky insisted on accompanying him and Steve didn’t object. Bucky took up Tony’s role as Steve’s permanent shadow and night after night Steve threaded them through the grid-like street of Manhattan, trying to find the gentle curve of his memories. The moon hung like a pearl above the harbour as Steve traced out the borders of his new prison, each nested one within the other.
Steve’s ears are filled by a dull roar and Tony grins wider. It’s the exact reaction he was aiming to induce.
He held his breath, waiting. Jess snorted, Sam slapped him on the back. The rest of the team didn’t bat an eye. They didn’t know. Nobody did. The man who had gone into the Ether had come back as something else. He’d struck a bargain with the devil he’d found there and the price he’d paid for his mortal life was his soul. What had clawed out was a monster restrained solely by whim and a bright white star; a beast lying in wait for the fool who ventured too close across thin ice.
“I want a lot but I deserve a lot less. You’re nothing like him and I can’t figure out why. I’ve given you every excuse you need. I stood against you, I betrayed you, I told you
“You always do this Steve. You make promises and then you break them as if having good intentions saves you.”
Dr. Tanaka keeps talking but Steve hears nothing but a high-pitched, faraway ringing in his own ears.
——————————
that did it. Reverent. Steve was weak.
“It was my mistake.” Steve used to tongue and nip at Tony’s gland, basking in the glow of trust even knowing it would go no further. “I know you don’t want me to. So I won’t.”
Too many possibilities, not enough data. “I don’t know. Not yet.”
“Are they safe?”
“Back to this again. Fantastic.”
Steve wasn’t going to go down without a fight. “Don’t pretend you were okay with that.”
And then they move on.
“And you?” Sam looks at him and Steve can’t pretend he doesn’t hear. “How are you sleeping?”
The Mansion door opened without triggering any of the Avengers alarms, the monster knew all the failsafes and passwords. He’d designed them himself. The team had frozen; a half-dozen wary stares following him as he wove his way through them without a word. He had come on a mission. His carefully curated suit was worn in the laissez-faire way only the truly rich could afford. His black, unruly beard was now a carefully groomed mustache, his hair was the perfect mussed that indicated mousse and not swamp water. Sunglasses hid the colour of his eyes but not their spark. The collar open at his throat exposed tan skin instead of the ropeburn of a noose, or the blue-black span of handprints.
Steve wants to trust Tony but the niggling doubts in his brain won’t leave him alone. Even if he grants Stark the purest of intentions he can’t help but analyze all the ways in which the execution is lacking. Tony isn’t infallible; he can be tricked, lied to, used. (Steve knows this; has seen it, has done it.)
“No shit. How’s that going?”
In which promises are made.
“You don’t get to be disappointed, Cap,” Tony rasps, “you gave up on me first." He downs a shot of whisky straight from the bottle and flicks the AA chip over the edge of the roof.
Not everything goes so well. It turns out the legal quagmire of Captain America doesn’t just disappear when Steve starts reaching out. The African and European Unions want nothing to do with him. Signing the Accords are the only way he’s going to be cleared to go into half those countries and he still can’t bring himself to do it.
That explains why the envelopes in Steve’s hands are crinkled but unsealed, the insides having been gutted and replaced multiple times. The fronts have been left blank. “There’s two here.”
It’s a taunt but it doesn’t matter. Stark’s broken the seal and spoken the unspeakable aloud. It’s real now. (As if it wasn’t before; fifteen days of rattling around Steve’s brain). His fingers won’t release Stark’s arm, they bite in harder.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony snorted breathlessly. “Earth’s Mightiest Heroes and no one noticed. Insomnia, morning sickness, sobriety, weight gain, blockers. My scent wasn’t even the same as when I left and people just chalked it up to… me being me, I guess.”
But it is beautiful too and Tony cradles it close, like an exhausted mother with a stillborn child. It is small comfort: a poor substitute for his husband’s warmth but it is here and Steve is not.
“But we can find out. Come back, nothing has to change.” Like it’s all a transaction to him.
Natasha doesn’t lie when she doesn’t have to; not when the truth will hurt him just as much.
Steve’s gaze was impassive as Tony blinked, releasing tears down cheeks that he roughly wiped away with embarrassment.
Steve’s tea has gone cold.
Why can’t Steve breathe?
.” Steve can almost see the thin threads in Natasha's hands as she tries to hold them all together. “You two can hurt each other too easily,” her voice is tired and brittle, “but you’re the one who bruises.”
Tony nods and squints as he stares down the hall. “The UN’s shrinks were here yesterday, I peeked at the report. The psychological triggers have faded below threshold, they’ll approve downgraded security if Barnes wants to leave.”
The Devil stopped in front of Steve, a light smile on his face. He looked good. Well-rested, fed, alive. Flirty and seductive and in complete control. Steve wanted to annihilate him.
Her shorter hair highlights her cheekbones. “Would you still be here?”
Just a symptom then. “We stopped. I know you didn’t ask. We’re not…”
Stephen didn’t catch the lie. “I need to apologize for my overzealous behaviour at the Mansion. I should not have held what your doppelgänger did against you.”
“Not the version that exists. I can’t.”
She puts him to work outside in the garden. It’s not delicate labour either, she has him till the soil and dig new beds. She asks him casual questions the entire time and Steve finds it easier to answer with the physical purpose to distract him. He keeps Bucky, Peggy and Tony tucked carefully close.
“Tony did. I just lived there.”
“Alright.” His life is cushy comparatively.
“I need to.” Bucky licks his lips. “He looks a lot like Howard. The one we saw at the Expo, not the older one. Calling him Tony helps separate them in my head.”
He tries to smile.
Steve remembers the shady clubs and theatres in Brooklyn that were reserved for men of a certain persuasion. He’d always liked women too though, and that’s where Steve always thought he’d land. After the serum there had been a handful of deviant encounters and Steve’s excuses were well-worn: it was human comfort, the war having momentarily scrambled everyone’s priorities. But even if Steve never judged this isn’t something he ever wanted for himself. There was a line somewhere that he didn’t know he hadn’t crossed until now.
Steve knows he is not forgiven just as he knows there is no version of the Accords he will sign his name to and believe in. He spends his days on house arrest interspersed with legal meetings and workouts. He watches as Bucky is set up in the fortified North Wing with a team of doctors and fails, and fails, and fails. He tries not to feel like he has bartered himself away for nothing.
“Fine. Have it your way,” Tony growls irritably. He untucks the tail of his shirt and starts undoing buttons, right there in the corridor in the world’s most impersonal striptease.
"I'm thinking of keeping it."
“They’re the ones who elected - ”
“You spent a year grounded in Big Brother’s house and the best you can give me is fine? It had to be balls out nuts from ground level; Jim moved out, Philly revolted against Stark, Natasha got shot, you grew a beard of sorrow…”
Her focus shifts back to the man in front of her. Tony’s gripping his left wrist like he could strangle the spasms away. “God dammit.”
“She could have killed you,” Steve rasped.
Tony looks away. “You’d probably be better off just asking T’challa for a new one. Vibranium is the strongest metal on earth, it takes quite a bit of force to dent it. You can’t just buff scratches out. The damage might be permanent.”
“I need an answer.” Tony’s hand doesn’t stop but his mouth has pulled back.
Pepper’s voice floats down the hallway, sleep-thick and affectionate.
“I’m not,” Steve remembers pain, hates these days that he seems to so easily inflict it, “and I don’t like seeing you hurt.”
“I told him not to come,” Bucky says in own defense. Steve abruptly remembers a request for a night alone. Or rather, apparently, for a night with Tony.
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “You have no idea where we are or how to get us out, do you?”
Steve met Tony’s wild eyes, his voice was barely a whisper. “I want you to be okay. However that happens.”
Tony’s eyes were alive and inhuman. “Do you still want to?”
It hurt to know Tony might have been spared if only he’d trusted Steve a little less. “I’m sorry.”
He reaches around Steve to the coffee machine but the moment his upper back twists his breath catches violently. He retracts his hand so quickly the coffee pot smashes to the ground and he has to brace both arms on the counter to prevent himself from doubling over.
Steve stilled to try to avoid giving away any details, be they intimate or of a darker nature. He could not be sure he fooled her.
“I know what it is.” Steve wants to call it
The Ether held on to what each of them tried to forget. The bountiful meadows gradually withered as if an illness spread through the soil, leaching life from their roots until only mud or desert remained. The rivers were poisoned by blood and rust. The sun and moon abdicated; replaced by an indifferent grey cloud. Their castle was abandoned and the stones worn down to ruins. Reminders of death piled up around them: broken gravestones and mass graves. The sky rained cold fire as their world rearranged itself into nine concentric rings. The Ether was no longer a kingdom but a prison, and at the very centre Tony built them a new home: a frozen saltwater lake, Steve’s first grave.
Tony couldn’t outrun Steve across the lake. He hadn’t made it very far last time. He wondered if the next time he woke he’d be here on the ice, or if Steve would carry his body all the way back to the beginning before he regained consciousness. It didn't really matter. The two of them would begin in hope and end in betrayal; be it in the forest, or in the mud, or on the ice, as Steve tried to cajole his gaoler into remembering enough to reveal the exit before realizing why he should never let his quarry go.
He raises his head just in time to see Tony’s posture snap upright. Good. Steve can’t regret spoiling the moment; wrestling them both back down into the muck. Neither of them gets to pretend they’re who they used to be.
They’re dead in the water, the ship’s already sunk. Whatever they do now is just one last waltz before the cold takes them. Before numbness climbs limbs and sluggish blood slows -
He sounded defeated but Steve’s stomach fluttered, flattered that Tony would seek him out. He knew not to pry further, he got his one allotted answer.
-----------------------------
“I want to go home,” Steve pleaded, not for the first time.
might cause a minor aneurysm. He feels like a frog placed in boiling water, nearly cooked by now, and Sam seems to be the only one alarmed.
Steve can’t do anything but trail helplessly behind.
“No. It’s because I hurt you and you let me hurt you. I won’t do that again. I don’t trust myself to deal with you and I don’t trust you to stop me.” Steve leans back against the wall. “The whole time I thought we were
“What the hell, Rogers?” Stark hisses as he enters.
The flowers belong to him and Steve does not.
plagiarized and perverted.
Tony’s eyes swing from Steve to Rhodes. “I know Platypus, I hate them too. Mostly on your behalf and only a bit because I have to constantly hear how much you hate them.”
Steve would check them into a seedy motel and they’d sleep in the same room in separate beds, the gulf between them unbroachable. Then in the morning they’d clamber into the car and Steve would drive them vaguely east, Tony asleep in the passenger seat like he hadn’t rested at all the night before.
It’s not good set-up for either of them. For Bucky to have to stare at an echo of a man he killed. For Tony to feed and house and help the man who strangled his mother. Except they banter, and Tony helps, and Bucky smiles. A secret pact in no man’s land. Steve’s own relationship with Tony might be worse.
Bucky’s sabbatical involved stealing Steve’s motorcycle and taking off for the coast.
Steve caught him staring at the open minibar and closed it with a solid thump.
“Fine,” Steve said automatically, then revised. “No. Not fine. Erratic.”
Steve kept his eyes on the road, dashed line rushing by. “I don’t like the cold either.”
Rock salt crunched under their tires as they approached the city in bumper-to-bumper traffic. It was snowing but the white flakes were swallowed by asphalt. The Mansion fared no better; icicles hanging like daggers, footprints tracking dirt in worn paths. It was beautiful in the way only reality could be: in the eye of the beholder who knew it as Home.
Tony can't meet his eyes. “And you’re never going to, are you?”
Stark pushes off from the car and hisses lowly, “I know at least two people who’d say differently if they were alive to say it.”
“But you won’t.”
Tony is alive. Howard is dead. Bucky isn’t familiar enough with either of them to know more, so the obvious binary will do.
“I didn’t guilt trip them. I told them the truth.” Steve leans his forearms on the railing safely separating his level from Stark’s. “If they feel guilty that’s because they’re good people.”
“Of course he would. In a heartbeat,” Tony says, eyes wide and incredulous, like he’s pointing out the obvious. “The moment I got in his way he’d knock me down and climb right over me, or strand me in space, or leave me in - ”
He haunts the Compound living quarters on the nights he doesn’t visit the North Wing. He sits on the couch and sketches glimpses of a different time. The hairstyle Natasha hasn’t worn in years, a red dress crumpled to the floor atop red shoes, a teddy bear half-burned. He outlines the USO girl who first loved him, her face turned away, already pulling her nylons back on. The tall back of a pitcher on the mound from his first baseball game. The frazzled lines of a dark-haired man curled naked against a wall, knees to chest obscuring scars, head hanging low to hide his face in shadow.
“You’re wrong.”
Steve slams the door to his room and steps into the hall. “That’s why you’re here?” he hisses angrily.
Tony parrots back.
The doors slide open, melody and drums crashing out. Steve only hesitates a second before entering. The volume is loud - painfully so - but the man in charge of it doesn’t seem to care. Tony’s bent over a workbench in the remnants of his tuxedo, sleeves rolled up and stained with oil. He has a pair of his close-work glasses on and Steve can see the bright neon yellow of earplugs because Tony always liked to feel his music as much as listen to it. His hands are busy repairing the broken BARF glasses. Steve wonders who asked Tony to fix them.
“Yeah. He buried the lede but I’m pretty sure that’s the question that’ll determine if I get thrown back in prison the next time I step out of line.”
He tells himself it’s luck that the first person who strolls through the living quarters that night is Robert Kovalchyk.
hurt me, Steve. Not physically.” Pain, like death, didn’t exist here. Not for Tony. “And we both know you’ll eventually ask again and I’ll say
Steve’s fingernails make little crescents of bloodless white where they dig into his palms. “That’s not what I was doing. ”
Steve’s heart falls through the floor.
When pencil gets too blurry, Steve switches to pen. When that’s not enough he breaks out the watercolours buried at the back of his closet and mixes heavy golds, greens, blues, crimsons. His memories are bathed in glorious technicolour regardless of how black and white they seem in the moment. Once on the page the paints bleed into each other, haemorrhaging across the penned outlines.
It’s strange, Steve hadn’t spared a thought for Tony when he left but now here he is, in all his contradictory glory: ratty T-shirt and jeans with thousand dollar sunglasses and a hundred-thousand dollar car. The feeling it induces is nearly fond instead of exasperated. Already Tony has begun to fade into memory, the prickles smoothed over in nostalgia.
The scene dissolves piecewise: first the house, then young Bucky, then young Steve. Erased until all that remains is empty space and an ache between ribs.
“Not in and of itself.” The doctor physically injects himself between Steve and Tony and that’s historically not a safe place to be. “You just have to believe I’m not here to do Sergeant Barnes harm. I was invited.” Kovalchyk gestures toward Stark.
He doesn’t know if he hates who he is becoming or if this is who he always was. Under all the glamour of Captain America was a skinny kid who fought the world with his fists. What happens when you grant that kid power? The serum turned Schmidt into the Red Skull, Banner into the Hulk, Blomsky into an abomination. What did it turn Steve into?
“So you’re good cop?”
Steve had seen that smile before. Tony had laid dying, triumphant and evil and beautiful, in his arms. He’d denied Steve’s pleas for release and then he’d denied Steve his retribution. Tony had always been inventive: he’d splintered a femur from the boneyard and found his own brachial arteries. Now warm blood ran down them both as Steve clutched him in his lap.
“I didn’t have a single drink over there. Three years, two hundred and forty-six days.” Tony’s eyes were unfocused, drifting closed. “Beer was literally safer to drink than water but none for me…”
Sam leans forward, concerned even though Steve hasn’t moved a muscle. “What do you want?”
She leans forward and looks Steve directly in the eye. “If you won’t trust Tony, trust me.”
Then there was nothing.
Steve looked up at the grey, godless sky. “I know Tony.”
There had to be a reason Tony didn’t sleep through the night.
————————————
Clint had taken up a very foolish position between them. “First of all: massive overreaction, Doc. Secondly: Cap, this isn’t like you. The guy might be a dick but Avengers policy is that’s not a good enough reason to attack someone.”
“And? Not my one-armed monkey, not my circus.”
The argument lasts all of twenty minutes from start to finish. It may as well be years.
“No, bub, it ain’t.” With a wet
Steve’s stomach sunk.
Tony thinks foggily as the blooms finally let him sleep.
“I can’t - I can’t lose you,” Tony confessed. Here he could keep Steve alive and Tony was a selfish man.
“Not really,” Tony’s expression was grim, “but if this place is my hell then the key will be at the centre and that means...” he waved across the dunes.
“I’ll bring him back,” Bucky promised. He knew how much Steve longed to be going himself. Logan just huffed.
Reed on the other hand had that particular strain of scent-blindness that rendered him practically invincible. “Your answer isn’t the one that matters,” he said simply and then he slipped through Steve’s fingers.
“It’s beautiful,” Tony said gazing outward, like this place hadn’t been beautiful since the beginning.
Steve lets that go. Pick your battles. “You need a doctor.”
It’s not like Steve wasn’t prepared. He knows Stark’s washed his hands of the endeavor taking place in the North Wing. Tony’s shuffled off responsibility to other parties, absolving him before he even has the chance to make the wrong decision just like with the Accords but Steve knows righteous anger will get him nothing here.
“Is there any risk his last mission will reactivate?” Natasha asks sparing a glance at Steve.
here?”
“Ready to go?” Sam walks in. “You should come Cap, we’re going for beers at the Duck.”
Sam shakes his head in exaggerated mourning as Steve steers him out of the common room. The last thing he sees as he retreats is Rhodes’s head tipping onto Tony’s shoulder followed by Stark’s hushed complaining.
“Here.” Steve held out a replica of Tony’s black undersuit.
The sixteenth of December is just another day. The agents milling around either don’t know its significance, don’t care or are too professional to express either. There are no emergencies, no attacks. It’s a beautiful sunny day and the Avengers machine carries on, marching to its own relentless internal beat, ever forward. Tony built it well.
Steve’s eyes grew cloudy. “I remember you telling me everything was going to be alright. That you had a plan, I just needed to trust you and we’d make it through. And then I woke up here.” Steve’s face shifted and he growled. “What did you do, Tony?”
Steve spent most of his time in the castle, in the dungeons, trying to claw himself into a grave.
He opened his eyes to a red sky, sunlight filtering through the atmosphere, lighting it on fire. There were two sets of footprints in the sand leading toward the horizon. The air smelled damp, like peat and decay.
“You’re not here for Bucky at all.” The realization aches somewhere deep in Steve's chest. “You’re here for Tony.”
“And the suit, the braces, the jet, my charming and humble personality - “
“Mistakes are
” Carbonated lemonade sprays out of the can with a fizz-snap saving Steve having to answer. “How’s our favourite one-armed bandit?”
“What about you?” she asks.
Steve realizes abruptly, “You would have made me tell him.”
“You don’t really believe that do you? This is you trying to manipulate me, right? Have you ever
Steve smiles. He can’t help it.
The door of Steve’s room shut with a soft click of finality.
————————————
“I know. But you know the definition of insanity…” Tony’s head knocked back against the wall. “We couldn’t keep going around in circles, Steve. Something had to change. So I left. Reed was close to a solution. He just needed a first-hand account.”
The worry slid over Steve and left no impression. “Nowhere.”
The storm is no one’s fault. It couldn’t care less about any of them: Steve or Tony or the people in its path. It remains perfectly blameless and all they have left to turn on is each other.
If Steve has to have someone pressed up against the wall, hands buried under shirtsleeves desperately searching for skin, it should be someone he loves, someone he likes. Someone at the very least who likes him. It should be Sharon or Peggy. Or Nat or Bucky if they’d have him, and if Steve dared.
“I’ll deal with it. Bucky’s moved on and believe it or not, I can keep a secret.”
wasn’t the goal.
For one brief insane moment Steve didn’t think even the threat of the Hulk would be able to stop him. Then Logan appeared from the depths of the Mansion and Steve saw the pattern. There was Bruce guarding Tony’s room, Strange posted like a sentry, Logan roving. Bucky must have called ahead.
There’s a trick to the mornings: he hunches over the edge of the bed and hyperventilates, lets his breath catch on the sails of the blossoms that grew overnight and hacks them up. Some are intact, most come out in pieces, mismatched. Bits of carnations, lavender, chrysanthemum, bittersweet, belladonna... Seven white oleander petals, half a geranium, two whole snapdragons. Tony arrays each dawn’s haul in front of him on the bedspread like a child with a collection of coins. Some of the blossoms end up preserved in formaldehyde, others are tossed down the garbage disposal. A few he carefully presses between pages of books that Steve bought and isn’t home enough anymore to read. In the silence he fancies he can hear them: the vibrating flutter of his shallow breath over the petals nestled deep in his chest, the creak of their winding roots threading through his veins.
She launched herself at him and Steve was waiting. He caught her by the throat, fingers squeezing automatically as she dangled from his outstretched arm. The toes of her leather boots made scritching sounds where they grazed the floor as she tried and failed to alleviate the strain. Sin was enhanced, she wouldn’t die. The act would have killed an ordinary human. It had. And it hadn’t. Because Tony was still out there, breathing. Alive and five thousand miles away because he hadn’t answered his Avengers alert, because now of all times Tony had decided to be merciful.
Steve did flinch then. “Don’t call me that.”
The question was worrisome in its seriousness. Bucky needed the answer and he needed the answer to be good.
It’s a promise to himself.
Trust Tony to read everything wrong. Steve’s not worried about being right. He’s worried about -
remembered.”
“Time dilation and spacial displacement,” Reed tried to explain. “Spacetime is stretching at different rates along different axes. We don’t have enough data, all our monitoring equipment disintegrated across the membrane. Maybe if we…”
——————————
Steve hasn’t come by since the typhoon incident and his heart sinks because Bucky shouldn’t have to wait on him anymore. “That why you’re not wearing the arm?”
Rhodes smiles the sort of smile men get when they know life is good. “The important part is that you and I could totally kick Sam’s Pats-loving ass.”
Steve had tried to save him. They both wondered why.
Some days Steve resists and they part angry and alone. Some days he lays in wait in the garage for Tony’s return with an old, well-trodden argument at the ready.
, Steve. Why didn’t you tell me?”
MODOK had launched his attack and Steve ignored the swarming robots. They didn’t bleed. MODOK would. He wasn’t hard to locate and Steve ran after him, dropping his shield to tackle the hydrocephalitic head. He hit the ground like Humpty Dumpty.
Stark immediately gets to his feet. He heads towards the door without a backward glance. “Fri, find me Natasha. Let’s see if the ambassador likes me any better after going several rounds with her.”
“You promised
———————————
“All I can do is be here for him if that changes.” He’s been waiting for Bucky’s treatment to fall through since they arrived. It’s exhausting, being on alert for so long.
That's Tony’s voice except it sounds unsteady and thin and like the name was ripped from him.
Steve ignores the edge in his voice. “We can’t keep doing this.”
Steve sees Stark visit exactly once. He’s leaning against the foot of her bed, nervously tapping on the post. In his outstretched hand is a holographic model of a new Black Widow tacksuit. Steve ducks around the corner before he’s noticed and only reappears once Tony is gone.
“Why are you here, Steve?”
Tony finally dared to look into Steve’s face. It was rare that Steve looked his age. He didn’t wrinkle like the rest of them but right now his eyes were pools of tired blue: already sick of everything they’d seen and Tony was just one more sorry sight.
“That’s not true, the night Rhodes left you - “
Steve couldn’t stop. His fists hit flesh to the steady drumbeat of his heart. There was only one way she was never going to hurt anyone again. Not the people of New York, not innocent dinosaurs, not Tony -
The engine erupts in a soft purr. “Go to sleep, Tony,” Steve says gently.
“Can I at least get advance warning before we blow this joint next time?” Sam asks because of course he’d come with them. Even after all the negotiation to get him back in uniform, he’d throw his hat in with Steve again.
It makes Steve irrationally angry to see a man with so much pride have so little of it in this. Even without knowing what lurks under Tony’s skin Steve doesn’t think he could bear to touch him ever again. “You could just ask me to stay.”
Four months later and Steve is still waiting for the other shoe to drop. No one’s taken their pound of flesh yet. They’ve just left him to rot in Avengers Compound, free and not free, suspended in limbo as the UN, the State Department and Avengers Inc all punt around the political football that is Captain America. Without signing his name to the Accords he’s exiled from the Avengers and without the team his focus blurs. His days bleed into each other: endless meetings with doctors/agents/lawyers who stare at him with disdain that gradually turns to pity. He runs laps, round and round the Compound, burning off energy until he can finally drop into dreamless sleep.
The reaction is not one he was expecting. There’s a look of all-encompassing surprise on Kovalchyk’s face. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Steve stops drawing figures after that; sticks to wooden soldiers, dancing monkeys, wind-up ballerinas, tin men.
Rhodes’s expression hardens. “I know.”
One of the TVs in the foyer is playing a news bulletin for an array of bored agents.
Steve swallowed carefully. “I don’t think you really want that.”
Steve didn’t recognize his own voice. “Yours, probably. He saw me nearly murder you in a street. You’re the one who forgot that.”
It hurts to stay still but Steve holds himself fast. He just watches, vaguely hypnotized, as Tony jiggles the clinking keys in contemplation, the weight too light for the very real possibility they hold the fate of the world.
“I’m not angry at you.” Steve forced himself to meet Tony's eyes. “Does everyone know about...?”
The past is a foreign country and horrible things have happened there.
“Natasha’s missing. She fell off the grid eight hours ago,” Tony huffs abruptly. “Before she left she told me to trust her which would be hilarious if I could afford to laugh.”
“Why not?”
Steve keeps talking. “I found out about Kovalchyk by accident. I thought I owed you.” He places a glass of Francesca’s homemade lemonade on the edge of the table as a peace offering.
“Fuck,” Tony enunciates perfectly clearly. His eyes are shut and his whole face is turned to the side in a grimace of pain. “We need a fucking
“I’m sorry,” Tony whispered. He was glad Steve couldn’t see his face.
Steve deliberately knocks Bucky’s shoulder and the basketball sails well wide of the backboard.
Tony twirls the purple anemone between his fingers.
It’s only when he wakes that it becomes a nightmare.
Her green eyes are lit by a spark. “Do you think you can do better?” The last time Natasha should have fought him, she let him walk away instead.
Tony slid into the booth opposite. “If you’re avoiding coming back to the Mansion because you’re still pissed at me, we should trade places. I’ll take the sad road trip. I’m on medical leave anyway.”
In the split second Steve hesitates at the door, Bucky takes a swing at Tony. The prosthetic arm lashes out and it’s a good thing it isn’t HYDRA’s model because Stark’s turned to face Steve and barely manages to avoid the incoming fist.
Steve’s seen Tony beg. He’s seen him plead and appeal to Steve’s higher nature, sincerity etched in every feature. It’s awful to hear a man so proud grovel and awfuller to know it has never worked. “I said
Tony tried to suppress a flinch and failed. “I don’t remember how I got those either.”
Steve stares out the window to avoid her disappointment. “It’s better that we know.”
Steve’s hand moves to cradle Tony’s face and the smirk falters. It’s then that Steve realizes why Tony looks so much better after a simple shower. He swipes his thumb under Stark’s right eye and it comes away smudged with cover-up. The hollow blue of the tired under-eye circle shines through the thin layer left behind. Which means Tony showered and then reapplied it.
“Or what?!” A muffled voice yells. There’s the bass thump of something hitting carpet. “What are you going to do?”
“Nothing.” The stranger is still speaking calmly but he’s clearly not as immune to Steve’s intimidation as he’d like everyone to think. “I’m not here to harm anyone. I’m just here to help.”
“Of course we need you.”
This is where it should have turned around for them.
Tony just gives an amused snort. “What makes you think this is the first time?”
Then there are the days it swings the other way. Those times when he wrests control from Tony, inch by inch, with hands around wrists and aggressive, filthy kisses. It’s not enough to be stronger; Steve has to touch just right, has to ignore the myriad of ways Stark tries to rile him. When they have time and Stark has finally run out of words. Then there’s a perfect moment when Tony just sighs and says
“What the hell - “ Luke started.
The tipping point came in the form of a visitor. Steve had been lunching outside the cafe on French pastries that turned to ash in his mouth and hot coffee that did not thaw him. He watched the chaotic city pass him by: rushing to and fro, swearing into cellphones, stealing cabs, throwing tantrums. The July sun shone down on the liars, the greedy, and the malingering alike as the heat of the day built its way to a crescendo. Had Sol a sense of justice, New York’s population would have cooked like eggs on a sidewalk.
The tension ratchets upward until the damn breaks. Tony’s left hand disappears under a layer of gold and Steve instinctively pins his wrist to the table by the sleeve of his shirt, unwilling to touch the pulsing metal. Steve's Pavlovian response to Tony’s instigation has a secondary component though and part of him wants nothing more than to force Tony over the table and prove to him that Steve is still in control.
The door shuts behind him and the soft blue glow of the globe fills the room again. Steve isn’t naive enough to think Stark didn’t know exactly who was in the room before he entered and he’s proved correct when Stark’s eyes meet his without surprise. Abruptly Stark makes his excuses and tosses the phone violently onto the nearest desk.
Bruce twitched. “Since we found out what happened. On and off.”
“No. Before the Accords, before Ultron, and secrets. We weren’t perfect but - ” So much promise. “The longer I’ve been awake the worse things have become.”
“Because they’re beautiful and I don’t demand much more than that from my flowers.” She plucks one without remorse. “Gardens are life-long projects that require constant maintenance. There’s the weeding, tilling, watering, replenishing the soil. Choosing the right flowers for the right conditions. When to plant what in whose shade, but if you do it right… it all grows together.”
The music’s too loud to get a word in edgewise so Steve contents himself with watching Tony work, marveling at the meticulousness and precision that seems so absent in the rest of Stark's life. The fourth time Tony adjusts his position Steve reaches out and carefully runs a hand down his bent back, letting warmth seep into aching muscles. Tony shivers and his head falls forward, exposing the knotted bumps of his spine. Steve takes it as an invitation, his hand stroking soothingly with steady pressure. Stark’s warm, alive, under Steve’s palm and the aftertaste of the dream fades. They stay like that for longer than either of them would be prepared to admit, with no one else awake the moment seems to exist out of time.
He wanders the Compound, unable to reorient himself. The stretches between visits to Bucky or Natasha lengthen and neither calls him on it. Sam seeks him out for coffee but as good as it feels in the moment it only leaves Steve emptier when he leaves. The only person whose presence he can handle is Vision who doesn’t have that sixth sense for human distress that leaves him so vulnerable around the others. Tony fades into the background and Steve doesn’t miss him.
Tony runs a hand through his hair now coated with concrete dust. “Not tonight.”
“How can you
Steve was crying silently, tears running down his cheeks and Tony wondered if they’d be as cold as ice water. "I can't do this anymore, Tony. I don't want to."
Stark’s eyes are nearly black. “As a matter of fact Rogers, I remember exactly what you’d do for Barnes.”
Steve couldn’t see his face but Tony’s voice was brittle.
“Turn it off.” Steve’s voice rings out, clear and strong, and for an instant it’s like the past six months never happened. The agents leap into action, scurrying to unplug the set instead of wasting time trying to find the remote. The news anchor blinks out of existence. The chastised agents turn to face them and Steve can still taste the threat of bile at the back of his throat. “I’m sure you all have better things to be doing.”
It wouldn’t be enough. Tony had to get them out. There was no point in waiting for morning because morning didn’t exist. They abandoned the cairns and the thin snow for the flat horizon once more, trudging under the half light. If this place was a nightmare it was nearly a perfect one as Tony could imagine: a place of endless boredom but without dreams, where there was no life to keep you company except a lover out of your reach and he was angry at you because you’d told him you’d had a plan and you were beginning to suspect you lied. All Tony could do was keep pointing them towards the horizon and saying
“Hush, Fri. Let’s not give away all my secrets.”
Steve rubbed his back. “I’m proud of you. I know that couldn’t have been easy.”
When Natasha goes to Amsterdam to visit Wanda, Steve sees her off in the hangar at her request. She looks him up and down, calculating. Then she steps close and wraps her arms around his neck. It feels like the hug from a ghost, transient and unsubstantial, but more than you ever thought you’d get again. Steve tries not to grab more than is freely given. Natasha doesn’t hug people these days. It feels like goodbye.
Bucky deflates but hope threads through his voice. “You’ll be back next week?”
“Blood.” In the air.
Stark stops moving and it takes Steve a few seconds to notice. He pulls back to stare down. He’s larger than Stark and has him crowded against the burgundy wall of his own office but it’s Steve who’s fighting to even his breathing as adrenaline floods his veins in confused violence or lust. He can’t seem to do anything about the trembling of his arms.
Tony reached for him and his hand wasn’t calloused in the familiar way Steve remembered. The palm was soft and smooth, as cold and clammy as a corpse’s. He was still too thin and pale; a bandage around his forearm from Strange's constant blood tests. Familiar dark eyes held something alien and Steve was suddenly afraid. This was what he’d wanted, to get them back to what they were before. Back to Avenging and bickering and bouts of sex that Steve took far more seriously than Tony ever did.
The sound goes straight to Steve’s groin. His body is much less conflicted about Stark than his mind. Stark's the first person, the first solid warmth Steve has felt in months and there’s still too much of the scrappy kid he used to be to not take what he can get. Blood pools in his groin under his sweats and he rocks himself unconsciously into Stark’s hip before he realizes what he’s doing.
“Really? Because from the outside this looks like the world’s shoddiest escape plan. What’s the next step Master Tactician, survive on coffee and run away on foot? To where?”
“Thank you for that image.” Steve takes another swig. The liquor burns through his throat leaving a pleasantly smooth aftertaste and he doesn’t try to guess how much money he’s just swallowed. He can’t get drunk but every mouthful he takes is a mouthful Tony can’t.
Thank you to everyone who reads and I appreciate the encouragement!
Tony squeezes his eyes shut. “Don’t - Stop. Just… stop.”
It’s no secret why Bucky’s shutting down either.
“Alright,” Steve agrees, “I won’t.”
Or maybe Tony had changed so much that Steve couldn’t tell what was real anymore.
He tries but dread takes root deep.
“Goddammit there’s two of you.”
There’s a pregnant pause like Tony can’t even believe what he’s just heard. Then he laughs. The terrible, hollow laugh they all heard after the creation of Ultron.
“You fixed them. The glasses.”
and every time he did he saw a bit more hope leech out of Steve. When they stopped to rest, Tony would offer a hand or mouth in silent apology and afterwards he would gaze up at the sky until the colour seemed permanently etched onto his retinas. Then when Steve had determined they’d reached that ineffable hour they’d rise and start again.
This started out as an experiment with opacity. I wanted to write a story from the viewpoint of a character who was stuck, literally and metaphorically. My Steve's not the most well-informed or emotionally perceptive person. He's hyperfocused on certain subjects and very passive in others. His reactions to Tony, the Accords and/or the future do not reflect my own, nor am I putting them forth as correct. Adherence to the Accords forms the background of this story and that will not change.
He takes a deep breath and puts all his worries and fears into a small box, shoves it down into the pit of his stomach. “Merry Christmas,” he says with as much cheer as he can manage, extending the box wrapped poorly in today’s newspaper.
It turns out Robert Kovalchyk may have lead an unremarkable life but his father, Grzegorz Kowalczyk, did not. Grzegorz was a Polish scientist who immigrated during the war and ended up a consultant for the American government. He did work for Hayes, for Oppenheimer. The more Steve reads the more sure he is that Grzegorz was a prime candidate for SHIELD; intelligent and driven with no home to return to, except half a year after the war Grzegorz’s life just blanks.
.” The bottles and jars in the fridge clink. “Why, in a building that houses Tony Stark, is there no beer?”
"This is new." Tony drags his fingers through Steve's short beard.
“Ask, punk. I know you want to,” Bucky says wearily.
becomes
, just well. It took Steve a long time to realize he was never going to say it. That
It's like he's learned nothing.
Steve lept over the railing to face Sin and she turned, waiting for her cue. He was meant to call out that it was all over, that the Avengers had already stopped her plot and it was time to step down and come quietly. But this time Steve didn’t want her to come quietly. He wanted a reason. He let the silence stretch.
Steve had experience overcoming those. The blade cut cleanly; through skin, through tissue, stopping short of organ. He exhaled and let the pain flow out and through him. It stung sharply but it wasn’t
Steve is bemused. Most of the team likes Everett. “Who set that up?”
The blond boy next to him is small, thin, sickly.
“Stop,” Tony ordered abruptly and Steve pulled back. Tony’s gaze was intent and calculating. “Off.”
“Sometimes.”
Steve wins by six points and learns to content himself with the miracle he has.
, like, the centre square on my Hydra bingo card.”
“But you don’t know what you’re looking for.”
Steve looks him straight in the eye. “It’s the truth.”
“Then let them.”
“I’m not your problem anymore,” Tony interrupts. “You can’t frog-march me to the doctors. I’m fine, the armour is basically indestructible,” he winces, “barring certain notable exceptions.”
“Well I won't soon enough,” Tony replied and Logan nodded his agreement.
“I’d rather you talked to me than keep it to yourself.”
One night on impulse Steve takes the burlap sack out from under his bed and washes the blood off the shield. He leans it against his dresser so it’s the first thing he sees every morning and every morning it stings like running water over an open wound.
It's quick escalation, even for them, and Steve gentles Tony with a hand on either side of his face until he loses that edge of manic desperation. This close Steve can smell Stark's cologne, spicy and earthy, strange on his skin. Tony always wore clean, breezy scents because Pepper preferred them and Tony preferred Pepper. The change isn't good or bad just disquieting. Tony pulls Steve’s T-shirt off him but when Steve moves to reciprocate Tony sidesteps out of the way. That's not unusual either, there are days when one or the other can't deal with added vulnerability. Steve draws back until he can see what the dim lights of the workshop hid: the dark circles under Tony’s eyes, the gelled hair, the red mark -
for that long - could change a man’s scent from metal to saltwater. Steve suspected that was the sort of bond that hurt to lose.
Tony replies.
Luke clearly thought so. “Stark?”
“I’m asking you to,” Tony whispered, pulling Steve’s hand away. “I know it’s unfair. I know it’s selfish. I just - Please, Cap. Please.”
Steve frowned. “It’s hazy. It’s all... hazy. Like it’s drifting further and further away.”
“I know.”
He sounded so miserable, eyes squeezed shut and teeth clenched. He hadn’t let himself relax at all. They were trapped in a nightmare and while Tony could rest if not sleep, Steve was denied any such comfort. Tony’s guilt felt like slick tar clawing its way up his esophagus, bubbling up from the infinite pit in his stomach. It would be unfair not to ease the frustrations of the man Tony had dragged into this place with him.
metal claws appeared and then retracted.
There was nothing preventing Steve from getting the footage sooner, he just never thought to check.
“Shouldn’t the shock have…?” he trailed off. Bonded didn’t mean forever. Snapped bonds were survivable but even weak ones could make you ill if they were cut off too quick. Being separated from your mate across a dimensional rift had to be traumatic. Possibly fatal.
“Make me.” There was a desperate glint in his eye. ”I’d lose, you know I would.”
But it’s the rest of Stark’s torso that causes Steve to stop breathing. There are other bruises; lighter ones, already fading to yellow and green. Older and healing and not at all a concern except Steve knows exactly how Tony got them because Steve put them there.
Tony stares at the stars like he’d rather an alien invasion than look at Steve. “Not often.”
Steve’s eyes widened. “Tony - Tony, do you know where we are?”
“No.” The answer is immediate. It had no right to be Stark and it occurs to Steve then that it had no right to be him for Tony either. “What about Pepper?”
Steve didn’t stay long, he had his answer.
“It matters because
His next words are barely as whisper. “But
“Natalie.”
secretly visiting Bucky?”
He watches from the sidelines as Natasha and Bucky spar in the North Wing and the pair of them are a thing of beauty. Twin figures sleek and deadly, more akin to a dance than a fight. Natasha’s back on her feet and her form is improving as her body heals. Bucky’s arm is no longer the weapon it once was but it doesn’t slow him down. Neither of them are taking it easy but they make it look so simple that the doctors don’t notice.
It's a taunt. Stark could have fixed it if he wanted to. Instead he gave it back to Steve, a brutal reminder of what happens to obsolete weapons now out of fashion. Steve wasn’t going to let Stark hand it over as if it were just another possession that didn’t mean anything to either of them. Anger sustains their relationship these days. Their interactions are built around accusations, feints, and appeals. If they stopped that would mean that what happened between them was history, set in stone. Too late to change. Steve had marched straight into Stark’s office and -
(It shouldn’t be Stark. It should have been someone else a long time ago even if all they got were dark alleyways and stolen moments. It’s one of the things Steve never wants to confess - even to himself,
“But you remember how to do it.”
Stark’s voice is too loud even though Steve knows it’s barely above a whisper. The last time Steve did this was in the back of a bombed-out finishing school in Belgium. Her name was Alice and Steve doesn’t know whether she lived or died.
“No one got shot. He told me basic shit I already knew because the man forgets I’ve already been an Avenger, a whole ream of legal stuff that basically amounted to keep your nose clean, and then he asked me if I knew.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha doesn’t even look down. “That depends on what else you’ve put in it.”
“You trust him.”
name in a sacred place.
Steve’s voice creaks.
“Still be Tony?”
The Avengers are fliers these days so, “Who do you usually train with?”
Tony had weakly raised his head, lips trembling next to Steve’s ear only to croon: “Maybe next time.”
Steve knows he’s hit a nerve. He doesn’t know how to take it back, he doesn’t know if he wants to. What he said is true even if it isn’t fair. Everyone makes mistakes, it’s the consequences that rain unevenly.
“No.” Every inch of Steve’s posture told Tony he would not be moved.
“We can,” Strange clarified. “We have been.”
“No, you need Iron Man and you need money.” Stark holds out his arms to expose his disheveled clothing. “This is the cost. You knew it going in. Even wrote a report on it.”
“FRIDAY wouldn’t do that.
Tony nearly smiled. “That’s the joke: biology doesn’t care about feelings. The Captain was as bonded to me as I was to him and when I left he didn’t have any foetal tissue to ease him through the shock.” There was the curl of a lip. “I killed him. He died of a broken heart.”
“You’re back,” Tony says quietly, trying not to wake her. He looks tired and lighter and like maybe he thinks it’s a minor miracle every time Steve returns.
he asks. He is not quite brave enough to put the question to Steve so he asks Natasha instead.
He realizes he has Stark’s hands pinned to the wall, palms aimed back and away so non-existent repulsors can’t fire. Steve drops his wrists like they burn. He wants to mumble sorry but the word sticks in his throat. Apologies are never just apologies between them.
“Hard not to.” Steve glares at the insinuation he was the one being inappropriate. “You weren’t quiet.”
“Yes.” He doesn’t make the mistake of phrasing it like a promise. He doesn’t guess how she knows he ran.
“Don’t do it.” Steve held his hands up. “I promise I won’t hurt you. I won’t ask you for the key ever again. Just don’t - “
Tony sees his stricken face. “
. Every bit of him convulsed in burning agony but something deep within him wouldn’t thaw. He didn’t want it to.
Steve just smiles back. Tony crumples the petal in his hand.
could only mean Tony.
as he runs through the alleys of his mind that the Avengers have his back, or the Howling Commandos do, or SHIELD. He knows too, with the certainty of dream logic, that people are hunting him. It should be scary but it isn’t.
“You’re avoiding him,” Natasha observes.
Against his will his eyes were drawn to the mark on Tony’s throat; jealousy and awe warring with each other. It was still blush pink, healed over in a perfect cicatrice, like it had been reaffirmed over and over again. Being bonded that long -
Stark stares right back, bristling. “What? You gonna yell at me for having a kill switch in my AI?”
“Stand down, Steve!” The Winter Soldier sounds like Bucky and it’s awful.
As if in a trance Tony walked towards what he knew he’d find. In the middle of the lake there was a large fissure in the ice as if some god had struck it to pieces or something more fearsome had escaped. Tony could see the calm, frigid waters underneath, glowing. Perched at the edge was a man.
Tony snorted. “Dreadfully medieval, the Dark Ages give me hives. They didn’t have enough tech to do anything and when have I ever let that stop me but… ” he shook his head self-deprecatingly. “I thought I could handle it, you know? All those unenlightened people with their ideas of how the world worked… ”
He was worried Bucky might track him down, or Carol might decide his self-exile was over. He was utterly unprepared for who caught up with him.
“I’m sure that’s my line.”
“I had a choice. I had a deadline. The hospital was a nice upgrade; medieval doctors suck.” Tony’s gaze was sharp. “Don’t you dare tell me I shouldn’t have.”
Steve avoided sleep. In the Ether it had been all he’d wished for and now it tempted him with its ease. Beckoned him to abandon the waking world for a dreamscape made of nightmares. He walked the city at night instead. The looming buildings hemmed him in on all sides and the air was filled with the rumbling noise of a dormant civilization awaiting the bugle call of the Reveille. The modern artifice of glass architecture reminded him not one whit of the infinite, open landscapes of Hell.
Thanks for staying with me!
Once upon a time she would have volleyed back a sly joke of her own as they corralled the rest of their team. Now she just inclines her head in greeting before taking off. He tries not to let the disappointment eat at him. It's unfair. There was no abrupt implosion, no argument, but their relationship is slipping away regardless. The more desperate Steve tries to hold on, the more intangible she becomes. When she seeks him out later for a walk around the grounds it's a rare occurrence. She leads him to the very edge of the perimeter, out of range of any of the Compound’s surveillance.
For a minute there’s nothing but the sound of the rain and Steve’s words are almost lost underneath. “I just wanted you to know: I’m trying. With help.”
It’s Sam, in the flesh, and Steve realizes he’s smiling with no effort at all.
“Shower,” Steve orders, pointing to the ensuite bathroom.
Stark gives a short, giddy laugh. “We were finished a while ago, Rogers.” A long while. Siberia, Ultron, SHIELD, before even. Stark turns away. “Get out. And take that with you.” He motions towards the shield. “It’s yours. You're welcome.”
Tony pulls a face. “Don’t start. Doc won’t stop and if he wasn’t helping me I’d sue him for slander.”
A sportscar a violent shade of robin’s egg blue pulls up through the curtain of rain and Steve watches as Tony dashes from the car without an umbrella. It’s not far to the safety of the porch but it’s enough for the warm rain to soak him through to the skin anyway. Steve holds the screen door open and hopes the amused smile on his face is interpreted as the fondness it is.
Stark’s jaw ticks as he turns to face Steve. “Do it, Fri.”
“I’d imagine so. You have to decide how your creations feel and then you have to make them feel it.” Kovalchyk hands the book back. “That’s a terrible sort of power.”
Tony doesn’t use his first name anymore and the only reason he’d do so now is -
“I don’t know who that is.”
Steve refuses to engage. “You gave them your word.”
Rhodes shrugs on his coat. “And I’ve decided to celebrate my last week of interim Team Leadership with a reckless abuse of power. I’m granting you an off-base pass. Let’s roll.”
Tony had asked for a couple days. Steve didn’t even last one. He’d slept in the car, spent the morning at a cafe, the afternoon in a bookshop. Counting down hours until it was appropriate to check-up on a grown man who had asked to be left alone.
“Tea?” The stranger asks like he’s the host and not the interloper.
“He just gave you away?” It just slipped out. Steve could never share his omega - share Tony - he couldn’t imagine the Captain could.
Oh. Steve winces. “Bad day?”
“I saw the request sheet.” Tony stills and Natasha waits five agonizing seconds for him to look at her. Her voice could cut glass. “I won’t to do this alone.”
The flowers in the vase only last three days. Steve is gone again before the last one dies.
“We’re not done,” Steve promises as he walks out.
Rhodey smiles, eyes shining with unshed tears, and Tony cackles until he chokes, desperately gasping for air.
Steve catches the basketball and refuses to pass it along until the other man meets his eyes.
“What the fuck?!“ Clint yelled as he scrambled back.
In the beginning there was a castle and a wound. At the end there was fire.
On the stovetop the kettle starts whistling. Time’s up.
“What do you think?” Steve asks and watches as Bucky does a double take, like he’s not quite used to thinking of them on equal footing.
“No you don’t,” Steve had snapped, hot tears leaking down his face, “otherwise you’d let me go.“
“She’s the best there is at biometric grafting. Her technique uses - ”
“Show me.”
“You’re late.” Carol was frowning at him, arms crossed. “You’re never late.”
This argument had been a long time coming. “Steve - "
Steve held out his hands in surrender. “I wouldn’t.“
There was a pause.
“No. It was all me. I just saw you and,” Steve swallows, “I assumed when I shouldn't have. You deserve better than that. You’ve made so much progress. I should have believed in it.”
Tony tenses. The unnatural stiffness travels through his body, his shoulders pinch, his arms fall to his hips. “Great. Why Wilson would choose you as a character witnesses is a mystery, but message delivered.”
(Steve had asked gently, twice. Tony had turned him down; once gently, once not.)
“Dr. Robert Milton Kovalchyk, Canadian psychiatrist. Born 1956 in Winnipeg to parents of Polish extraction. Medical Degree from McGill University. Currently practicing out of Toronto.”
“If it hurts I can ask them for a different one. I’ll ask - “
Stark’s magnificent in ruin. Glorious in a way Steve never lets himself see: like the angry, destructive hunger of a forest fire is glorious provided you’re not a tree planted in its path. There’s something more genuine in the act of Tony falling apart than there ever is in his triumph. The only bits of him Steve knows he can trust are the ones in pain, in agony, in despair.
The file is slim but complete and Robert Kovalchyk has lead a slim but complete life. He was born the youngest of three sons to a nurse and a landscaper. He married a Vietnamese immigrant in ’85 and relocated to Toronto where they had three children of their own. His professional life is equally solid but there’s nothing particularly noteworthy in his career. Natasha’s included the standard SHIELD background check and Kovalchyk’s checklist comes back all green. His finances show no red flags, neither do his travel logs. His parents are dead, his children are married. He’s on medication for kidney stones.
After all, this is the future not a back alley in 1940. This isn’t two fearful-eyed men darting into dark corners for a brief few hours where they can be themselves. This is Tony Stark whose past dalliances are splashed across tabloids whenever the news cycle slows, who Steve once saw interpret cocksucker as a pick-up line instead of an insult.
It’s easy to talk to Francesca but in the real world Steve struggles to get what’s inside of him out without distorting it beyond recognition. “I’m worried about you and your… upgrade. You keep telling me I shouldn’t be. It would help if I knew more.”
Tony only realizes it in retrospect; after a shield’s been driven into his chest, after
The blooms aren’t a parasite, they’re a reminder:
Steve’s not even sure who he was going to name: Stark or Natasha or Dr. Tanaka. It doesn’t really matter; the residual guilt Bucky carries is aimless sometimes, encompassing everything. In the beginning Steve would rush to reassure him until Dr. Tanaka had pulled Steve aside and laid it out for him:
The thing is… the thing is they
They’re not actually going to fight, the drunk banter means nothing, but the talk of teams and recruitment and drawn lines is too much for Steve to handle sober. He’s too sensitive to it and when he dares a glance at the sofa Tony is -
“Watch this,” Bucky says and that’s the only warning Steve gets.
Because Steve was not the sole architect. This place belonged to Tony too, and so their Hell was beautiful and empty and painless. And here, at the centre of it all, Tony had built himself a warning in a frozen lake: a reminder that devils were bound by ice as well as fire.
Tony doesn’t understand how he’s dying from this.
Stark’s eyes narrow, “- and I mean
It was Strange’s turn to avoid a direct answer. “He told me you were struggling after your experience in the Ether.”
Steve has no power here - the shine came off Captain America long ago - but for a single instant when he’s faced with a sea of shocked faces he thinks,
Stark nearly smiles. “I know. Really, I know. I learned that lesson”
The answer slips out. “No.”
The landscape began to change: dirt giving way to piles of rubble strip-mined from a quarry. The rocks were piled up in lonely ten-foot towers that were dotted across the landscape like oil wells in rural Texas. Scattered around their bases were offerings of broken liquor bottles and old, smashed coins.
” Steve says too sharply and Stark’s head shoots up. “They don’t deserve to die because they chose wrong. But they’re going to because someone down there is prioritizing control over doing what’s right.”
“What would Tony ask for? What favours does he need?”
Steve opens his door to find Tony in the hallway. He’s leaning casually against the wall Steve drove his head into after Rhodes left eight months ago, the night he sought Steve out; furious and lost and incapable of asking for comfort. The present version of Tony seems perfectly put together but Steve has to avert his eyes until the afterimage fades. Reminders persist; triggering an avalanche of phantom sensation followed by shame wrapped up in regret.
Steve's jaw locks and he doesn’t answer as the mildly annoyed expression slips off Tony’s face and slides into alarm. Steve brushes past him and keeps walking. He doesn’t want a confrontation, he just wants to go. He just wants to help.
“Try me.”
Tony’s eyes flash dangerously. “I may not be the poster child for responsibility but I’m not going to drunkenly stumble off the edge of a building. It’d only prove you right. Stop holding onto me like I’m a fucking toddler.”
Tony shakes his head. “It’s like watching Santa Clause masturbate.”
Bucky hit him outside of a bar in Montana. The punch only landed because Steve wasn't expecting it but he could feel the bruise bloom across his cheek.
“Which is?” Stark asks flatly.
Steve lets the disappointment wash over him and retreat again. It doesn’t stick to his ribs like it used to. “Alright.”
,” Tony bites out and Steve flinches but holds on. Off to their right the suit raises its palms, repulsors forward.
“I know.” In the dead of night when Steve had thought himself alone, Vision was awake just down the hall. He holds up a battered box. “I brought Scrabble.”
Steve deflates. He looks unwell; pale and concave.
Tony is staring at him with uncertainty, eyes tracking Steve’s every movement like he doesn’t quite understand this game. Then he nods sharply.
He let his hand fall on Steve’s knee. He couldn’t give Steve an escape plan yet but he could offer this: a willing body while no one was watching. It wouldn’t be the first time.
Tony grimaced. “Nothing here except the Ten Commandments.”
Tony doesn’t want either truth. He doesn’t want to know if he’s an adulterer or a pathetic wretch.
Tony stared at the cross mounted atop the stone church and Steve stopped breathing.
The edge of the desert was just as abrupt as its beginning, the sand butting up against cool, dark soil. The flat meadow that stretched out ahead of them may once have been covered in grass but it had long been upbraided. The little grass that remained had been poisoned yellow by some unknown substance. Long ditches had been dug ten feet deep and a wingspan wide into the raw earth. They wound off into the distance like a sunken labyrinth or the Kafkaesque interpretation of trench warfare.
There is no mystery to Robert Kovalchyk: there are thousands of other doctors with greater distinction. That’s what makes no sense because Tony is remarkable. He's a charismatic genius born to wealth and fame; he’s never known ordinary. (Not like Steve did, and that chip on his now extraordinary shoulder grates.) Tony likes remarkable people and Robert Kovalchyk - model citizen that he is - does not fit.
“Are you waiting for confession?” Father Lupuado asked discreetly.
“You’re touchy when you’re losing.”
———————————
The blue of Steve’s eyes was washed out under the overcast sky. “I’ve done things.”
The dimensional veil had rules. Only people who were dead on the other side could cross it. Tony hadn’t known that when he strolled through but the portal spat back the Avengers’ rescue parties, one by one. Steve couldn’t make it across. Neither could Natasha, Rhodes, Carol, Thor, Janet, Peter, Bruce, or Stephen. At first it was a comfort: knowing that wherever Tony was he had versions of the Avengers with him. Later Steve would wonder if that wasn’t the worst part.
“The new arm?”
And yet, “It was beautiful.”
“He doesn’t need a defense. He’s innocent.”
“Yeah,” Tony says with contempt as he turns and walks away, “and what the hell would you know about that?”
“Does Clint know what an aqueduct is?”
Steve did know. He’d win and then he’d lose Tony forever. “I don’t know what you want from me.”
“Well who could say no to you?” Tony smiles but there’s nothing funny to be found. “Keep my nose clean and no drinking. Done. Anything else you need from me,
“I wouldn’t.” It’s torn from Steve’s throat. “Do you really hate me that much?”
“It’s fine.”
my ass.”
“I never asked any of you to do that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jesus Christ on a stick,” the stranger swears viciously from the floor, the curse at odds with his dignified portrait. “You take tea seriously ‘round here.”
“No, just - ” Bucky waits for Steve’s shot to miss and ricochet the wrong direction off the backboard. “…long, I guess.”
“Rest,” Tony ordered and Steve noticed the stars were out as if Tony still held sway here and had called down the night.
Sam just observes him like he expects something different. “What are you still doing here, Cap?” he asks quietly.
The scene starts to fall off kilter. Wanda screams when Pietro dies. Rhodes falls to the floor like a marionette with his strings cut. Howard and Tony have turned on each other, arguing with loud voices and each with a drink in hand. The Barton children are crying but their parents are nowhere to be found. Natasha, Fury and Hill are back in their SHIELD blacks, shouting orders. T’challa pulls his mask over his face while Bucky, with blank eyes but that same grin, picks up a gun and -
Steve stared at it hopelessly and then gave a short, hysterical laugh. “Now, Tony? Really?”
,” Steve bit out, the lid on his temper fraying.
Steve nearly jumps out of his skin at the petulant Irish lilt coming from the ceiling. He’d forgotten how human Stark’s AIs can be. She seems to have inherited Stark’s pettiness as well:
Strange had been more accessible. “Stark’s armour would have disintegrated when he walked through. By our clock he’s been missing for five months,” a pause, “for him it’s been closer to three and a half years.”
The flowers are a warning:
The sarcasm lacks bite, it sounds more lightly deprecating than anything else. Steve wonders how much of that shift is in tone and how much is in interpretation. If the flaw exists in the object or in the eye of the beholder.
“Why is everyone trying to make me garden? First Doc, now you.”
It turned into this.
“What?”
“Don’t joke.”
The others fare better and worse. Natasha was already back by the time Steve returned. He wants to thank her for everything she’s done but the walls have ears and he doesn’t want Natasha to take any more hits on his behalf. Sam comes back with him and unlike Steve he has enough bite left to call a spade a spade. He rejects Stark’s offer outright and takes the plea deal his lawyers get him. He’s serving out his probation in DC and Steve tries not to feel like he let Sam down by not being Captain America but by being Steve Rogers instead.
“Barnes. Nicknames. I don’t really understand most of them.”
Tony eyes flit to Steve. “And it turns out she was still lying to me.”
Tony didn’t balk. “Let me do something for you. It might help.”
Steve wishes he and Tony were the type of friends who could scream obscenities at each other and then sift through the ashes later for the good-hearted meaning buried below but they’re not. He doesn’t know if they ever were. Steve never chanced it and then they broke under the weight of things unsaid.
Steve’s world stutters to a halt. “What do you mean you
Steve’s hand shoots out to enmesh itself in damp hair before Tony can do anything more. Forward moment halted, Tony’s arms relax against Steve’s outer legs to rub soothing circles. He smells clean; no lingering trace of a stranger’s cologne and his hair looks black where it’s sticking up between Steve’s fingers. He gently tugs Tony’s head back to expose the red bite still not quite faded on his throat. Steve has no right to be jealous. They’re nothing to each other - not even friends. It’s just harder to believe that sometimes.
Steve’s lips quirked at Tony’s annoyance. “Not much fun being the Man out of Time is it?”
“Of what?”
“Fucking coffee?” Tony looks incredulous, like he expected Steve to bring him a bottle of whisky. “I can’t even believe you.”
Steve whispers into his ear, missing the hollowness in Tony’s eyes,
“They’re my files. Light ‘em up.” The globe ripples once again and the two blue shades on the map splinter in a thousand more sub-shades. “Thanks, Darling.”
Tony plummeted off the parapet soon after that. He hit the ground with a faint thud, legs sprawled on impact. The first death in paradise. It was an ugly sight: the fractured limbs clashing with the perfection around it. Steve was well and truly alone for the first time in a long, long while. He had stared at the body for ages before going down. There was no rush, he had all the time in the world.
“I couldn’t sleep.”
Steve had carried that secret for years, cradled it desperately close, bled for it, killed for it, only to have it dissolve at Tony’s words like a sugar cube in the rain. It turns out it was never a secret at all. Bucky always knew how much Steve cared just like Tony’s convinced he knows how much Steve doesn’t. Steve swallows down the words Tony’s not ready to hear.
Steve grits his teeth at the dismissal. “We’re not finished.”
Steve thinks as he wraps white tape across skin.
“I’m drinking because I’m an alcoholic,” Tony stares at his glass, “and you don’t scare me.” As if a lie repeated enough times will eventually yield truth.
“No, I mean we - “
Steve says ferociously because he loves like that. Violently and only after people he’s already lost.
“We won’t have Vision cater,” Steve amends. He thinks of impossible meetings. “Maybe for Christmas.”
Tony takes the bouquet from Steve’s hands. Purple hyacinth and white tulips and primrose.
Non-graphic implied rape, sexual coercion, religious themes. It’s a body horror story from an outsider's PoV. It'll get worse in Part II and warnings will be updated.
The doctors don’t let them leave the North Wing but they do let them into the small gym populated with physical therapy equipment and exercise mats. In the corner is a lone basketball hoop which at first seems like a cruel taunt to throw at a one-armed man and instead turns out to be their godsend: shooting hoops is a two person activity in a way that hitting a heavy bag is not.
“Of course,” Steve said tightly.
“Well, we better invent something good.” Tony spares a glance at Steve but only addresses Bucky. “You have half an hour to be back where you’re supposed to be, and don’t think I’ve forgotten you knew Rogers could waltz in here at any moment.”
Steve swallows. “I wouldn’t do that.”
“Are we? At least I know what I did. You have no idea what you’re doing to him.“
Why Belgium? Why not?
It was too much. The beast under Steve’s skin attacked. He barged Tony up against the nearest wall, uncertain if he meant to hurt him or scare him or kiss him. Steve wanted Tony to feel an inch of how horrible Steve felt every day. He wanted him to share the burden of being trapped in this crowded, shallow reflection of their perfectly balanced Hell. He ripped through the expensive shirt and was met not by the familiar sight of oozing stab wounds but by perfect, blank skin. Steve dug his fingernails in, dragging lines of red broken blood vessels across ribcage as if he could claw his way down into a man’s soul.
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers.
“You… You don’t fight like that.” When Steve looks at him he elaborates. “Like I used to. Mindless. You didn’t even hear me calling your name. You heard Tony.”
Steve’s voice was ice. “What happened over there.”
Steve went cold. It was what Tony never gave him. It was what he’d killed for. The single word that would have sent them home. It was obvious what Tony would have chosen, he’d shown Steve at the very beginning: a castle, a loyal knight, a wounded king. Avalon was the mystical place they took King Arthur as he lay dying, until his kingdom called on him to return.
Steve feels his muscles loosen, tension bleeding out instead of ramping up. “I can try.”
Tony had just stared like he expected something more.
Steve’s hands trembled. “There’s something wrong with Tony, I know it. He’s hurt. We need to help him. I need to - ”
“Because you fix things.”
Steve looked across the battle lines. They were some of the most powerful beings and minds on the planet and instead of making Earth a paradise they’d made it a hell where nothing ever changed. The dead never stayed dead, the villains never softened their hearts. Steve would never escape, none of them would. Not until they died and then Thor had promised he’d drink with Steve in the halls of Valhalla before they fought together in Ragnarök. Steve had thought it unbearably cruel of Asgard to save dead soldiers for a final, futile battle. A merciful god would surely let them rest.
It’s a fantastic contradiction insomuch as Steve has never had trouble understanding Iron Man and has absolutely no idea what to do with Tony Stark.
Canto III, Divina Commedia
“Don’t flatter yourself. I don’t need a reason besides the obvious.”
“Time,” he said finally.
Now Steve was the one who couldn’t sleep.
Instead Bucky just shrugs. “Food’s good.”
“You know you have a legally enforceable curfew, right?”
The scene is glitchy in addition to impossible. The glasses aren’t meant to splice together so many individual memories. Limbs pass through each other, feet don’t touch the floor, but it almost doesn’t matter because the feeling is there.
Every feral instinct in Steve was screaming to continue the fight. Strange was an uninvited alpha in his space while Tony was hurt, while his omega -
Her mouth draws into a thin line. “You promised you wouldn’t go digging.”
Bucky went the other way. He drifted as far away from Avengers Mansion as he could get, repelled like a magnet. Only Steve seemed to notice that Bucky ducked out of any room Tony entered. It didn’t seem hostile but it bothered him, even if the want for distance seemed mutual.
The session room reasserts itself. His mother dissolves last, lingering. It could drive a man mad to see his life through these glasses. Steve could replay every instant of his life. Every poor decision, every regret. He can go dancing with Peggy and catch Bucky from falling but it won’t be worth the tradeoff of seeing the truth laid bare in his own memories. Of having the nostalgia peeled off his childhood and opening the endless doors of paths not taken.
“Why not? You’d have thought it anyway. You begged me to help with the arm and when I refused you called me a coward. Now I’m actually helping him and you think I’m plotting murder.” Tony downs the rest of his drink. “I can’t win with you Rogers, and I’m starting to get sick of playing.”
“Why?” Steve answers his own question when his eyes alight on Kovalchyk still sipping his tea. “You don’t want any record of him being here. What are you using him for? A second opinion? Bucky’s doctors have to cleared by - “
Tony looks… surprised is too tame, shocked carries too much fear. Tony looks awed.
In the end there was nothing Steve could do but grant the request.
“Why did you hit me?”
“I never said that.”
Tony looked out across the mud plain and saw only more barren wasteland. It was an unimaginative landscape: no mountains, no hills. Sans life of any kind. There was no grass to trample underfoot, no maggots in his wounds, no vultures circling for an easy meal. The sole marker of distinction was some remnant of an iron gate half-buried in the ground. Its rusted tips protruded like knives; a tetanus invitation should one have the inclination for lockjaw. Tony traced his fingers over the ironwork and watched it crumble to dust. Even the metal was dead.
It’s a neat trick: to change and not-change at once.
“Tony’s just angry, he didn’t mean any of it.” Steve owes her so much more than platitudes for making her choose. “You’re one of the best people I know. It was unfair, not trusting you from the beginning. I’m sorry.” He swallows. “You had faith in me and I didn’t show that I had the same faith in you. But I trust you, Natasha. Please tell me you know that.”
Tony doesn’t seem surprised in the slightest. “Then he should stop screwing me and go fuck the one-armed bastard instead.”
The door opens and closes. Steve can hear the metallic click as Friday locks it behind him. Then he’s alone.
“Tony…” Stark turns, oblivious to what’s coming, and the words rush out, “What did you see in the stars?”
“Strange and Wong.”
“Thanks for coming,” Steve says instead.
Tony would hazard that Steve was right. The river stunk of burning oil wells, smoke floating up in thick black clouds, but no heat emanated from it. Between the pools of fire and the rainbow oil slicks Tony could see the shallow bottom littered with bits of shrapnel. He dipped his hand into the water and retrieved a remnant of an artillery shell. He knew what it was before he turned it over but he still made himself read the lettering.
“Maybe,” Tony granted. “I’ll call Leonard when we get back to New York. I’ll try to limit the word vomit ’til then.”
“You’re not the enemy.”
Tony was still pinned by the throat but he smiled because here, in reality, Tony had always been a much better liar than Steve. That was when Luke burst in. Steve dropped his hand automatically, Tony’s gauntlet likewise retreated, but neither of them turned to look at the interloper. They were the only ones who existed.
“Stark got eaten alive for years." Her voice doesn't betray any emotion Steve can recognize. "It’s my turn.”
It’s Tony’s hologram that fades last, eyes still furious and accusatory before dissolving into static. Steve rips the glasses off. They crack in his fist. He’s not sure it’s an accident.
“He can’t make you do this,” Steve says. Stark’s affixed her name to compromise, plied her with responsibilities she never wanted, and shoved her into the spotlight. Now they’re tearing her apart.
“Or you could just trust me,” Tony says darkly.
Steve’s eyes flit back to the picture of the blond. “What did Tony want from him?”
“That’s what I said. Don’t know if the paranoid bastard believed me. He has me lumped in with you and Natasha so my credibility is shot on that front. I don’t know if it’s worse that he thinks I walk lock-step with whatever you decide or that he’s spent a year believing I sent him to Siberia to watch a video of his mother die on purpose.”
Which one of them Tony had sought to spare was unclear and irrelevant. Neither of them escaped.
“Last time I checked you were on house arrest. There’s literally only one rule:
There are so many reassurances and damnations on the tip of Steve’s tongue. Telling the truth feels like piling more weight on top of a man undeserving of it but lies have never served him well. “I don’t know.” It sounds so inadequate. “He missed you. He regretted you leaving. Beyond that… We don’t really talk.”
That all you called me for?"
“You’re right,” Steve whispers and Tony freezes. “I’m not helping. I’m not fixing anything. I’m just using you.” He feels the last sliver of himself slip away. He is no longer a soldier, or Captain America, or a good man. “I trust you to do what you think you need to. I trust Tanaka with Bucky, I trust Nat and Sam. Rhodes and Vision. You don’t need me.”
“Whoever gave you this,” Steve’s thumb stroked the bondmark and Tony ducked his head. “I can’t, Tony, please don’t - “
A shadow at the threshold of the lab paused, not daring to come closer. Steve deliberately averted his eyes. He didn’t trust either of them. The distance between them may have well have been an ocean.
“Well if you think I’m going easy on you because you only have one arm Buchanan, you’ve got another thing comin’.”
“I’ve been leaving you though.” Bucky’s small smile is rueful. “’Sides, the docs are here, I won’t be alone.”
“Of course you’re going to make it!” Tony snapped. Steve had no doubt about his mortal body, it was his soul that was wearing thin. Tony’s voice softened. “Just a bit longer, Cap. I’m not killing you and you’re not dying. Reed and T’Challa will have us out soon.”
“Of course not,” Tony interjects smoothly with false reassurance. “You don’t judge others but you’re totally straight. Because blow jobs and handies miraculously don’t count somehow and what happened in the forties stays in the forties," he throws Steve a look, "or is periodically frozen and revived for assassination purposes.”
“Take your pick! It didn’t help, we ended up lying to everyone, I can’t imagine Kovalchyk had anything good to say about it, and
Most of this Hell had been designed for Tony but here, at its heart, was a place that could only ever belong to Steve.
Steve hopes Tony doesn’t expect direct reciprocation. It’s not that Steve would leave him unsatisfied but he’s not quite sure he could manage that today and certainly not to what Steve imagines are Tony’s usual standards -
But not for Tony.
“And you’re not an Avenger anymore,” Tony throws out spitefully as he starts walking towards the elevator and out of Steve’s reach. “It’s not your problem.”
Steve’s pretty sure he knows now. “You never said anything.”
Tony wasn’t even in heat yet and the motel room was drenched in desperation: the sweet, heady scent of omega warring with the adrenaline-spiking overlay of dread. Steve retreated outside to hide the effect it had on him anyway, hard-on insistent even as his mind was repulsed.
There’s a moment of silence like the clarity after a ringing bell. "Yeah,” Tony’s voice curls around the edges, “everyone’s made that very clear.”
Steve wants to feel an ache, a yearning, even anger at the thought that the council think they can take that from him. Instead he feels… nothing. No relief, no stress, no indignation. No happiness either, but Steve never had a lock on America and would never claim to.
“FRIDAY told me you think I’m trading my body for media exposure.”
It’s why she left and wasn’t sure she’d come back. Steve knows a secret when he hears one and he knows to Natasha they’re worth their weight in gold. He gives her one back. “I miss you. More than Clint or Wanda sometimes because you’re right here and we don’t… I miss it. Spending time with you. Planning missions. Having dinner. Training.”
Steve said nothing back and that was fitting because this was Tony’s Hell too: a place where Steve loved him not like he’d always wished but like he’d always deserved. Steve led him slowly into the icy waters like a baptism. The white light shone below them and the cold stung like a thousand needles. One final exorcism before being reborn.
They let him review the Avengers’ mission footage now, afterward when he can still give tactical notes. He’s Nat’s primary training partner and she’s passed word down that all fliers have to be proficient in hand-to-hand so Steve’s putting that together too. Penelope and the pack of wolves she calls her team have set to work on an agreement for Wanda to rejoin the Avengers provided she remains a resident and citizen of the Netherlands. Last week Steve videocalled T’challa directly about the Accords and His Royal Highness was not very kingly when he shared his thoughts on Steve’s beard.
- stretched forever.
There’s a mottled smear with yellowing edges across the top of Stark’s right pectoral where Steve had braced his arm as he pressed Tony into a wall. There’s a particularly deep violet circle in the soft tissue just north of Tony’s hipbone where Steve’s thumb dug in. The marks around the other hip are lighter and incomplete but if Steve traced them lower he’s sure they’d clearly outline the shape of fingers. He wonders what else he’d find if he stripped Tony bare.
“Tuesdays and Thursdays both,” Natasha says easily like the past year never happened. “I’ll make time.”
“He’s dead,” Tony replied simply. “Barnes and Logan didn’t stab him if that’s what you were hoping to hear. He was alive when we left.”
He grabs the BARF system from the vanity and leaves.
and Steve has let him win too many times. He unbuttons Tony’s shirt carefully and underneath finds skin marked in places, both temporarily and permanently. He ignores the scar tissue in Tony’s sternum but finds a series of faded burns on his left wrist. There are callouses across both his palms and a healed blast wound on his right shoulder. There are injection points dotted at intervals along his arms and high across his chest, the skin around them slightly pink.
Steve's hand ran through the damp strands of Tony’s hair before stilling, the heavy weight of it slowly burdening Tony’s neck muscles, pressing him further and further down Steve’s cock with each pass and making it harder and harder for him to pull up. Tony didn’t think to fight it. He just swallowed more, breathed less, and ignored the water welling up along his lower lashline. When he inevitably choked Steve let him pull off only to patiently watch him sputter and cough.
“You forgot,” she says once the doctor leaves. It might be an accusation, Steve can’t stop his head spinning long enough to tell.
“No.” Steve’s voice was final, curdled resentment floating to the surface. “I’ve followed you this far, I’m not going further until you tell me where we're going.”
Steve’s gaze slid down Tony’s throat to the reddened mark and could only hope that he gave what was needed.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said and Tony’s gaze shot up. Steve reached out cautiously and stroked the soft skin of Tony’s injured wrist. It was meant to be comforting. “I didn’t mean to hurt you. I just don’t like this place and this thing reminded me...“ Steve stared up at the memorial. “I can’t lose you.”
He ran and as he ran the stars started falling. Bright flaming meteorites emerged from the grey cloud cover and rained down unhurriedly. Each ball of cold flame traveled along its personal trajectory slowly enough you could step between them before they hit the ground and fizzled out. Lit by the falling flares the forest shadows waxed and waned as the embedded pieces of armour glittered like jewellery hung about a lady’s throat.
“Please, Tony,” Steve tries one last time. “The arm might mean nothing or it might mean everything. No one can make you do this but I’m asking you to try." He tries to project his sincerity.
Apparently he’s wrong. Apparently random men at galas meet Tony’s ineffable standards and Steve does not, even if he'd have turned any offer down flat. The muted disgust must show on his face.
. Steve’s affront deepens even as he becomes aware of how ridiculous it is. Being possessive of Tony Stark is a losing proposition on all fronts; he belongs to no one but himself. He’s one of the most famous men in the world, why shouldn’t he sleep with whomever he wants? Why should he confine himself to this? To them?
you can," Steve corrects. It’s weighted too heavily to be a compliment.
“Well, if you ever need to talk,” Bucky’s lips quirk, “you always know where to find me.”
Steve slowly stepped on Tony’s right hand.
. He can’t afford to.
Stark hadn’t even bothered to show up.
“I know better than most.” Steve is hyperaware that Stark’s less than five feet from him. “I know that if you don’t do something it’s not because you can’t. It’s because you won’t.”
Steve’s fists clench in automatic reflex because it’s not like that and how dare Stark suggest it is.
It takes Steve a moment to realize the loud, harsh breathing in the empty hallway is coming from him. The skin where Stark’s punch landed throbs in sympathy with his racing heartbeat. The buzz of adrenaline in his system is a massive overreaction: there’s no true threat here.
Something in Steve stuttered.
“I know,” Tony’s voice hitched next to Steve’s ear. “…
Tony bit his lip. “I don’t suppose you remember how you got this?”
“I didn’t know that.”
Teacup hits saucer with a clink. “Now we get to the part where I’m less than cooperative. I’m afraid I can’t tell you.”
“Touching. What are the rest of the Avengers? Chopped liver?"
Bucky manages it first. “Are you alright? That didn’t look fun.”
“Answer the question,” Steve growled, posture rigid and bristling. He hated this part of himself that needed to be obeyed and had the violence to enforce it.
Tony is almost far enough away before Natasha’s voice rings out, “You’ve been giving him quite a few.”
He didn’t but was Tony’s fault they were here and he had to get them out soon given the state of Steve’s injury and mind. Every hour in this flat, dead land seemed to wear exponentially more on Steve than Tony.
friend though you wouldn’t have guessed from the force he’d just used. Steve uncurled his fists. The stench of rot drenched him, infecting his pores. He was drowning in it and every heaving breath just drew more inside him. It was hurt sung strong and awful. Why couldn’t anyone else feel it?
Steve doesn’t know what to do with that. “Then we’ll make them love you, Nat. Like we do.”
“I know. Tanaka said as much. It’s a bad idea to dump that responsibility on someone else.” Bucky shakes his head. “I should be happy enough with what he’s given me but I want - “ he comes up short with a thousand-yard stare. “I just want to know that he’s okay. That I didn’t ruin his life the first time ‘round. Or when I came back.”
She doesn’t answer but Steve is already up and moving. The stranger startles, his cane slipping to the wayside as he trips backwards, and Steve’s muscle memory causes him to reach out and catch him before he hits the tile floor. Up close the stranger looks just as old and ill-prepared for a fight as he did from a distance.
Sarah Rogers says with a mischievous grin, snowflakes still melting in her hair. She sets the brown bag down and the ghost boys race over because they’re young enough to still believe in miracles. She unwraps a large turkey, plucked and pink and -
“I found it hanging in a tree.”
.” Steve releases the sleeve and watches gold drain back into bones. “Take the victory, Tony. Even if I leave you’ve still won.”
. He guards his eyes closer than his wounds. Most of Steve’s experience is predicated on silence but Tony has no such filter: instructions, insults, and dirty talk all make an appearance - everything but Steve’s first name. Not since he came back which means not since…
Over halfway done! Final word count will be ~ 55,000.
Stark reopens his eyes and for a moment he’s still Tony. He’s not the pristine playboy darling he plays for the media or the uncaring, egotistical genius that Steve has occasionally accused him of being. The red mark just north of his collarbone serves as a reminder of his fragility; physical proof that Steve can still affect the world around him.
Steve can finally see him in full. Tony’s hair is dark brown, not the near black of the bunker. It’s longer now too, curling at the tips. There’s no purpling bruise under his right eye and the BARF frames draw attention to brown irises distinct from black pupils. His expression is weary and frustrated but there’s no anger, no betrayal.
“Breakfast.”
- let Steve go.
thought we were doing. You were always so angry at me and I was always so angry at you… We couldn’t fight, and we couldn’t talk without it leading to a fight.” Tony still isn’t looking at him. “I just took what I could get from you because it was the only thing I thought you’d give me. It was selfish but I thought we’d burn off all the anger and at the end…" They'd get back what they lost. "But there’s nothing left, is there.”
Peter’s separation wasn’t mutual. Everyone noticed him desperately trying to catch Tony’s attention and Tony’s equally steadfast determination to ignore him. Several people - Rhodey chief among them - had issued rebukes along the lines of
Steve clears his throat. “I know. Thanks.”
The chrome doors slide open and Tony comes tumbling out into the common area. Steve didn’t even know he was in the building. He’s dressed in his workshop clothes and gets halfway to the kitchen before he squints towards where Steve is looming over the stranger. To Steve’s eternal surprise the next thing out of Tony’s mouth is not directed at him.
The stranger's smile reveals perfect teeth. “Psychiatrist.”
“You promised Natasha.”
“Good man,” Penelope says. She’s been trying to repeal the Accords since their inception. Across from her, one of Tony’s lawyers rolls her eyes.
“I’m sorry, Steve.” He looked apologetic this time.
, he’s so glad that they don’t - but he thinks a good man would be haunted by them.
“No shit.” It’s obvious in retrospect and to everyone else.
The priest paused. “I meant
“I’m going anywhere,” Steve repeats stubbornly. “I’m not leaving you.”
Steve’s jaw is clenched closed but the small sounds Tony draws from his throat are obscene in the half-dark. The only reprieve is that at least Stark’s mouth is occupied so he can’t mock Steve for them. For his part Steve can’t bear to look down for long. He steals glimpses of Tony’s silhouette backlit by the glow of the holograms. His hair is dark where it’s haloed in blue. It’s not Stark’s colour; it’s Steve’s. Reds, golds, and browns all belong to Tony, all the seductive rich colours with warm undertones. Steve can’t let him take blue too but it’s already too late. Every time he sees this particular shade of cyan he’s going to think of Stark’s lips and this and it feels like just one more thing Tony’s taken from him.
Steve obeyed and pulled out a series of foil circles. Condoms, right. They hadn't used them before but it was reasonable, a request one would make of any casual lover regardless of whether said lover wanted more. Steve outfitted himself and then Tony was pushing him down to the bed and climbing on top, lining himself up.
“Please.” The plea just seemed to drive Tony onward as he grabbed a mini bottle of rum.
“FRIDAY, Code White!”
“I know. I wrote the damn thing - “
“I just need to know that he’s safe.”
Stark was just waiting for permission. He immediately licks a path up Steve’s shaft from root to head before swallowing him down. It’s almost too much but still not quite enough to silence Steve’s apprehension. It shouldn’t be Tony but it’s clearly going to be and
Steve remembers an argument long ago about the opposite. Tony had flat out removed the ability of anyone to shut JARVIS down. Not even Pepper could have. It wasn’t the first time Stark’s inclination to trust his tech over the Team had caused a rift but it was the first time Steve realized how deep it went.
One of them is lying. Tony is dead either way.
The silence that befalls the Compound immediately afterward is deafening. Steve watches from his suite window as an ordinary yellow taxi pulls up and Rhodes stumbles toward it, duffle bag throwing off his balance on his exoskeletal legs. A humanoid shadow walks up behind him and Steve’s hopes lift for a moment only to be dashed. It’s not Tony, it’s Vision. The android carries Jim’s bag to the waiting taxi and then the car speeds off, red running lights fading into the night.
“Of course you’re you.” Tony sounded so sure and confident. Steve hated it.
“I don’t know what that’s supposed to mean,” Stark tries.
“No." Tony's breath hitched. "Barnes and Logan know, obviously. Bruce and Stephen, for medical reasons. Reed because he was excited to take his family exploring through the veil and I kind of… lost it at him.” Tony’s smile was plastic. “I’m aware that sounds like the Jeopardy answer to
It was the silence that woke Steve. Tony’s footprints weren’t hard to track in the light dusting of snow and Steve found him standing in front of the large stone church. From inside the candlelight and dulcet tones of a service escaped. Tony seemed hypnotized, breath rising like smoke.
His doctors have never seen anyone survive advanced Hanahaki. They debate if it was the acute trauma to his chest or the prolonged exposure to the cold Siberian air that turned it around. Tony doesn’t tell them what he suspects is the truth: that he may still feel pangs for the man who was his husband but their relationship is dead and the blooms know the season’s turning. The frost in Tony’s heart is growing steadily, settling into his bones. He hasn’t been cured by the warmth of love but by the cold harsh truth: Steve doesn’t love him. He stopped awhile ago. If the lie was a forerunner or a consequence is moot.
Neither did Tony.
Steve learns something important in the eight days he spends as an actual prisoner of Tony Stark. He loses himself in the utter mess that is the life he chose and hates. He can’t keep lying to Bucky and stealing half-measures of affection from Stark. He mourns the loss of his closeness with Natasha and resents the effort it takes to put up a front for Sam. He misses Clint and Lang, Thor and Bruce, but they’re free while he’s not and he hates them for that too. He can’t bring himself to cheer when Wanda pulls herself up without them because they were all supposed to win and lose together.
is everyone who can make it to the Compound. Bucky and Nat. Tony and Rhodey. Vision. Sam. Pepper, maybe. And Steve. It’s everyone available and yet…
“You don’t. You only call him Stark.”
The Soldier dodges Steve's first takedown easily and blood pounds in his ears. He hasn’t sparred in months. He’s not conditioned the way the Soldier is, he has to practice and for lack of partners and drive he hasn’t. He regrets it now. Every reflex feels like he’s moving through chest deep water and the Soldier is faster, stronger. Steve can’t seem to drop into that calm space in the back of his mind that lets him focus solely on the flow of the fight. He’s stuck on the surface with the panicked tumbling of his thoughts, barely keeping up with the Soldier’s counter assaults. Tony’s down, vulnerable behind him, and Steve tries to keep himself between the man and the assassin because without the suit Stark is no match for -
“We’re fine,” Steve said shortly. Tony rolled his eyes but didn’t dissent.
and further down the list,
Tony must see the wisdom of that suggestion because doesn’t fight the command. He disappears into the bathroom, closing the door after a brief moment of confusion when Steve doesn’t follow.
Somewhere in the back of his mind Tony had already known it wasn’t just lack of sleep that had worn Steve down.
Tony whistled as he looked at the neat pile. “This amount of corbicite is worth about a 2 million back home provided you could extract the vibran - “ Steve grabbed his wrist hard and there was pain and a muffled
Steve has limited contact with the other Avengers but for a woman who nominally lives and works in the same building as him, Natasha is a ghost. Even Stark’s haunting presence is anchored to the Compound, Natasha’s is not. She drifts in and out, retreating further and further into the shell of the Black Widow.
It’s Stark. He’s out of the armour because why wouldn’t he be? He’s got nowhere to go.
“It really is fine. Just… ” and because Steve is not the greatest liar he adds enough of the truth to save himself, “...Stark.”
Steve was bitterly tired of these paper people cluttering up this paper world.
“Steve…” Iron Man’s voice crackled in exasperation.
He doesn’t like what it says about him that this revelation hits from out of the blue. It’s the simplicity of it that catches him off guard. He is too used to thinking of Stark as exceptional - with his money, his mind, his modernity - but he is not the exception in this. It’s written, plain as day, in every line of his body. This is the the thinness of the ledge Steve’s walking. This is how he’s changed and it has nothing to do with serum.
Have a chapter where Steve and Tony behave super similarly and neither recognizes it. This is the most violent this fic gets, it's all up/downhill from here. I like to think Steve is
“The worst part of it was they all loved him. You’d think that regularly executing your own citizens would put a damper on hero worship, but it didn’t. It made perfect sense to them: every time I got out, bad things happened. Who were they going to believe, the war hero or the war criminal? No one believes the Devil’s innocent.” Tony shrugged. “And I’m not really. My crimes more or less align with Stark’s, not that the Captain had any way of knowing that. Karma’s a bitch.”
Somewhere deep in Steve’s chest, the ice cracked.
Maybe it’s not the serum at all, maybe it’s just Tony who brings out the worst in him.
Natasha’s expression is bland. “I accepted the nomination. It’ll be announced Tuesday.”
They’re linked by Steve’s arm so when Tony steps too close Steve can’t move away. “Let go.” The order is cold and there is steel underneath.
But that’s the nature of bruises: all the bleeding is done on the inside.
A Steve Rogers playlist for Sublimation.
Steve had tried in the beginning. The Accords could wait for the more personal matters. He’d gone to Stark with a carefully planned explanation and a list of regrets written on Wakandan stationary. An accounting of whys that he’d convinced himself Tony would understand. A plea on behalf of Bucky and everything he’d been through.
“But he’s dead now?”
“I am. It just isn’t helping.”
Suddenly there's a hand on his shoulder and Steve whirls, fast and combat-ready. For all Tony’s tech and intelligence and words, Steve was made for physical confrontation. It’s over before it begins and the unworthy part of Steve is thrilled at how easy it is to overpower him. He takes Tony to the floor in a single move; one hand bracing Iron Man’s gauntlet watch to the ground, the other splayed across his ribcage, keeping his chest pinned.
After the doctor leaves Steve flips through the black and white sketches of faceless men and women and thinks
“The kid from Queens?” Steve guesses.
Steve slowly maneuvered his uniform top until it was hiked up to his armpits revealing a long gash across his right torso, between his ribs. Even at a distance Tony could see several rows of already torn stitches in patriotic colours. From in between the red, white, and blue thread oozed an infected mixture of blood and pus. Tony swore he could see the wound throb painfully in sync with Steve’s pulse.
“He told me he hurt you. Bucky.”
Tony looked him dead in the eye. “No, you really, really don’t.”
“It was me, wasn’t it.” Steve can feel something shrink inside him, peeling his lungs away from his ribcage. “Your fight was about me and him.”
Steve doesn’t understand but, “You’re the expert.”
She keeps staring out at the horizon, green eyes dull and a million miles away. Steve knows she doesn’t believe him.
“So you’re just visiting for the arm.”
A pulse of pain flared across Steve’s chest. The Cursed wound bled red through his white chemise as the Ether rushed to smother the pain, dulling it to a faint persistent whisper in his ear, like a breeze that never died down. It whispered things Steve already knew: that he should be dead already. That this wasn’t life, it was a waking nightmare before oblivion and Tony held the only key to the exit.
“Do you remember?” Steve croaked as the last of the inferno bled out of him leaving only ashes and ice behind.
that’s forming. “Please.” Steve holds out his hand and Tony stares at it with the same wary look he wore the first time they had sex and Tony had tried to reason out Steve’s motives. When he decided that anything intimate between them was a trade instead of an offer. Now he looks like he’s wondering if Steve’s about to steal his car.
Sharon tilted her head and studied him. It made Steve feel like a fly. “What’d he do?”
“I was the worst decision he ever made.”
Steve can smell the acrid odour of bourbon. “You’re not allowed to drink on duty.”
“A chance to fix himself.” He appeals to Tony's innate desire to fix, to repair.
——————————————
Four years without the armour hadn’t dulled Tony’s battle skills nor had they honed his self-preservation instincts. One minute Iron Man was flying Hawkeye to a new vantage point, the next Steve was watching a dinosaur swallow him whole. If Morgan le Fay thought a giant lizard was going to take Tony away from Steve again she had another thing coming. He saw his opening and took it. She crumpled under Steve’s shield, went down under his left hook. Barely lifted her head to meet his crushing straight right.
“It’s just Steve.”
Steve’s creeping through the North Wing, sleep long since forgotten. He can’t find Bucky in his quarters so he heads for the next logical place: the small gym. As he approaches he can hear the murmur of two distinct voices and instantly his focus snaps to, everything in him going on high alert. At night the floor is supposed to be empty save Bucky. Steve doesn’t even wait to hear what the voices are saying, just pushes open the double doors -
had been an internal construct. Without consistent physics or physiological cues the hours deformed like plasticine and the days followed suit. Keeping track had been a fool’s errand so they had simply given in and surrendered to the madness of endless existence.
“No. Not even slightly,” Tony hauls himself unsteadily to his feet, “and they’re coming to kill us.”
There’s a loud smash and Steve tenses, every muscle in his body singing with the call to action. There’s not much he can do if they armour up. Tony can call the suit at any time. Rhodes can too. Steve would be going in blind and unarmed. Vision though - Vision is powerful enough to phase through the wall and pull them apart with ease, so why hasn’t he?
“Not going to paint a pretty picture of it later then?”
Steve can’t think of a good enough reason to deny him. The man moves the kettle off the burner and Steve tenses, anticipating an attack that never comes. The stranger just pours the hot water into the waiting cup.
Do not take horticultural or medical advice from this fic. There is no reason a western-Pacific country like Maldecia would speak Spanish. Secrets aren’t inherently bad. I have faith in Belgium. The psychiatrists in this story are way more eccentric than real ones would be but that’s sort of the point. No one dies, no one falls in love, and no one gets a long-winded apology. I warned you all from the beginning.
nothing.”
He wonders if Steve will still love him enough to mourn.
—————————————
Stark’s globe isn’t binary, it’s mapped by degree; cyan to blue to black and every colour inbetween. There are a series of percentages attached to each country that flicker in real time, fluctuating up and down. Billions of lives quantified. Meted and measured and given a calculated cost.
. His muscles go lax and compliant, and he lets Steve take over. Watching Stark’s surrender is heady, as temporary as it may be. It feels addictive and illicit. It feels like Steve
Stark walks deliberately into the kitchen and holds his glass over the sink. His expression is still defiant. “I’m not going to Medical.”
“Rogers, you’re just in time. Want one? No?” He doesn’t wait for an answer. “More for me.”
Tony glared at him, or tried to, only one eye truly awake where his face was resting on the porcelain rim of the toilet. “No. If you’d actually suspended me instead of sending me on vacation you could drug test me.”
There was no response Steve could give that Tony couldn’t twist however he wanted. It wasn’t a fair thing to ask. Once upon a time, a bond with Tony was everything he wished for. But now -
Steve didn’t know why Tony thought that deserved to be a question. “Always.”
Only once he knew Tony would pull through did he take off for parts unknown.
“Pepper’s back,” Rhodes says.
Tony pauses as if weighing what truths to divulge in front of Steve. “It’s not. I make a point to avoid - ” his hand makes a gesture.
He’s still Tony. A whirling mess of brilliance and catastrophe. He hasn’t changed and even knowing Tony would take that as an insult, Steve is relieved.
“I - " Tony picked up and discarded hypothesis after hypothesis.
Steve touches the folder in front of him reverently. “I didn’t want anything like that to happen again.”
“Reed can handle it.”
Steve spends the next day in research. It was never in his job description: he went from dancing monkey to front line soldier to Avenger. The behind-the-scenes work was left to Army Intelligence or SHIELD. Still, FRIDAY is as helpful and unhelpful as a silent AI can be and none of her databases are off-limits.
Steve broke his self-imposed mutism. “People who didn’t know any better.”
Where’s Tony?” Steve’s words came out rough and raspy as if the fire had burnt their edges. He could still smell the smoke.
Steve can’t imagine ever taking that liberty. “Did he tell you about - how they died?”
“Really, Rogers,” Tony looks truly angry now, “hitting me does it for you?
Steve tried to remember. “Not yet.”
“Please," Tony begged. "Just hold on a little longer. Stephen or Reed or T’Challa will pull us out when it’s safe to revive you. You won’t remember any of this but until then...
There’s a split second of silence before blue screens light up the nearest platform. Pictures and articles about the nineteenth annual Founder’s Gala held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, including several photos of Tony arriving solo.
“Enough.”
(In his memories Steve’s not paying attention: he’s already deciding where to hit when things go south. He’s chosen; Stark’s lost. Maybe Tony could read that in his face; maybe that’s when he decided that if no one cared why save himself.)
brought the tablets down from the mountain.” His gaze was a million miles away. “Noah built the ark.”
———————————
There’s an amber bottle nestled underneath a lawn chair stationed to the right. It’s only been an hour at most and Steve tries to calculate the damage Tony’s done to it in that time. He tries to rein in the ball of regret/anger/disappointment that threatens to consume him. He must not be doing a very good job. Tony’s fingers twitch like he wants to hide the glass in his hand before he redirects the impulse.
He catches Tony by the arm and the gesture is casual; a prelude to nothing. Steve can’t articulate what’s inside of himself, the mess he has made of them, so he settles for pouring everything he can into two words. “Thank you.”
(It’ll all be worth it later.) Steve leaves his shield, his uniform, his skin, in a pile at the dead man’s side and doesn’t look back because if he does he’ll be lost. They have to run, they have to run right now. Then Bucky leads him out and the chase begins anew.
“You left the armour at home, eh?” Steve grunted.
Steve realized, was the argument they kept having over and over again in running street battles and darkened rooms.
. Fuck him. He was my personal hell, he doesn’t get to be yours too. You don't even know what he - “ Tony bit off the rest before huffing. “Ignore me, it’s been a long day. I’ll let you sleep, Cap.”
Tony realizes Steve
But of course he is. It’s why Natasha’s fine with hiding him from the council. It’s why Tony is perfectly willing to let Steve believe he’s screwing with Bucky’s head rather than admit he’s getting help. Kovalchyk is the perfect candidate; his father was a scientific genius broken by guilt who eventually -
“No, we did it because we're your friends.” She stares him down.
you show up to put me back in my place. It’s always you.”
The only sound in the silence is the whistling of Stark’s laboured breathing, dark head bowed. “Just give me a minute.”
Steve’s hands left streaks of warmth behind them as he manhandled Tony upright. The water hadn’t been cold but the lukewarm temperature of everything meant that Steve’s body heat felt like taking a burning brand to newborn skin. Tony submitted himself to the inspection as Steve’s hands roamed: pausing at his neck, his cheek. Steve paused at the three puncture wounds in his abdomen, pulling the skin around them taunt.
“You’re being very judgmental, Anthony.”
Stark comes by once.
“Kovalchyk.”
She switches the television back on to the same awful news program. Steve knows when he’s been dismissed. He leaves her in the empty foyer to the echoing list of her real and imagined sins.
“Everything’s going to be alright,” Tony said with perfect sincerity. Then he stepped over the edge into the heart of the fire as Steve screamed.
The low rumble of Tony’s voice bypasses Steve’s brain and goes straight to his groin. It’s confident and assured and Steve wants to believe it’s real but how would he know? Did the man at the gala get a different smile? Was Tony more or less eager to get on his knees for him? (Was he better than Steve? Did he treat Tony like a lover instead of - )
"It happened to Tony too. His parents were killed in ’91." Steve finds he can only stare at his hands. "He wants your opinion and I think that’s because HYDRA had your father killed too. I think they used the Winter Soldier to do it.”
“You write them anyway.”
Tony stares out the window at nothing. “And you don’t fix anything at all. You break them and then wait around for someone else to repair it. You don’t even try.”
The nickname sparks something nearly dead in Steve’s heart. “Because it clearly hasn’t sunk in yet. Go to Medical.”
Things shift or maybe it’s Steve who gradually falls back into phase with the world. He sits in the map room with its rotating holographic globe and stares at the bright band of Accords blue. He feels a twinge of guilt as Maldecia spins by, ten months removed from the typhoon and recovering slowly. If Steve is still bound to the Compound by legalities then he has to figure out how to reintegrate in other ways.
“Nah.” Tony closes his eyes to concentrate on another sip of coffee. “It’s not that bad.”
The Belgians have the civilian population of Antwerp to worry about and Steve understands that - he does - but it means they’d rather to let Reslen slip away rather than risk casualties. It’s an easy decision to make. They don’t know Bucky. They know of him and they don’t care and if no one else is in Bucky’s corner then it’ll be Steve alone because Bucky deserves at least that.
“What are you doing here?”
She actually waits for an answer and Steve nods, the keycard heavy in his palm. This is Natasha’s true gift to him: the reminder that his word still holds value, that the promises he makes aren’t worthless.
Tony does a double-take as if he too forgot the current status quo. “Chalk it up to muscle memory,” he shakes his head and it's nearly fond, “we did this too many times.”
“Damn straight. How do you think I swung the car?”
Two sentences. That’s all it takes. That’s all it would have taken.
Stark’s AIs are excellent predictors of behavior when the subject at hand is Tony. The screen explodes in blue again and Steve tries and fails not to look. Most of the multiple windows close before being repopulated, all with articles featuring the same man. It doesn’t take FRIDAY long at all.
“That’s not the safeword,” Steve growled viciously as he sank his teeth into Tony’s collarbone.
He looked back at the fire only once and again the word came unbidden:
“Why wouldn’t he be?” It’s a non-answer, emblematic of who she is these days, like they’re back at the beginning and she can’t trust him.
Steve wonders if she means Clint or SHIELD or if she’ll just disappear back into the ether.
Steve eyes him warily before he picks up the shards of glass around Tony’s feet and dumps them in the sink.
“Glad to do it,” Penelope Nirin says with a shark-like grin. “We’ve been waiting an entire year to be asked for something we could actually give you.”
“Forget it,” Steve says, voice hoarse. “This - It won’t happen again.”
Stark stops walking and Steve knows exactly what he’s feeling, heart plummeting, because Steve feels it too.
Natasha’s lips twitch, betraying the beginnings of a smile. She steps onto the mats, discards her sweater, and starts warming up her arms. She raises an eyebrow at Steve in invitation. The last time Steve laid hands on someone in violence he took Tony to the ground. The time before that he lost to Bucky on those exact mats. He has to rewind a long time before it’s a villain on the other side and not a teammate, or a police officer, or a friend.
Bucky hasn’t been violent since his return which means the man on the mats is no longer Bucky.
Steve stared at where Iron Man’s armour had bent under long sharp teeth and something dark in him quickened. “Is this
Tony kissed him. When Steve’s lips remained unmoving Tony bit down until he drew blood and Steve jolted back into life, pinning Tony to the ground at the base of the twisted tree. The vee between Steve’s fingers and thumb slotted snugly around the base of Tony’s throat. His other hand was splayed across Tony’s chest right over his heart. Tony swallowed, his heart jumped, his groin throbbed. Steve felt everything. Even if there was no reprieve in sleep or dreams, there was still this. An hour of not caring about exits or injuries, where frustrations found a different outlet.
“I didn’t know you came down here,” Steve says softly.
Bucky runs a frustrated hand across the joint of his prosthetic. “Yeah.” He lets out a little frustrated huff. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
“You didn’t fail.”
Steve’s voice sobers. “She almost died.”
Tanaka blinks like it’s obvious. “His guilt, of course. We’ve tried to emphasize living in the present but he still stumbles around anniversaries.” They stare at Bucky through the glass and Steve hates that it feels like they’re ogling an exhibit at a zoo. “The reappearance of the Soldier is a stress reaction. Unlike previous incidents Sgt. Barnes can’t seem to deal with this spike consciously so he’s slipping into a dissociative state.”
, but he finds himself nodding along and smiling as he lets every opportunity pass him by.
There was silence as they drowned in their respective misery.
He only catches fragments of phrases. How Rhodes isn’t smart enough to build his own suit. How Tony’s not deserving of one. Arrogance, volatility, alcoholism. Stark brings up someone named Nadia and Rhodes shouts a very distinct
BEFORE YOU READ: Dark is not a joke tag. Nothing is described graphically and is mostly alluded to in flashback but it's unpleasant. A full list of content cautions can be found in the endnotes. This constitutes your warning.
“He certainly never told me my father was murdered.”
Steve clears his throat and croaks,
“It’s not your fault,” Steve says like a broken record.
Tony was gone and Steve hadn’t protected him. Again.
Tony’s not shy but he’s always played a game of
“He moved countries, cut off all his old acquaintances, changed his name to disappear. He never picked up a set of blueprints again. He watched the Americans and the Soviets build up nuclear arsenals until each had enough to destroy the world ten times over. He even built a labyrinth of fallout shelters under our property but he could never quite escape what he'd helped create.” Kovalchyk shakes his head. “He managed to survive just long enough to see his sons grown and off to college. Then one cold day in April he walked out to the bridge over our creek and hung himself for his crimes.”
“You’ll what?” Stark tilts his chin up defiantly. There's a burning gleam in his eyes and it could be a scene from six months ago, six years ago, when they were nothing but their worst qualities.
Bucky starts walking towards the exit where Dr. Tanaka and a technician are coming to retrieve him. “Who knows, maybe this Gregory Kovalchyk guy just really likes tea.”
“Don’t worry about it.”
“Ah.” Stark leans back against the hood of the Ferrari nearest to him. “It’s the best they could do but you think I could do better.”
“Steve,” Tony whispered hoarsely. The shiv felt heavy in his pocket.
Jim doesn’t take it as the condemnation Steve means it to be. “Yeah, he wouldn’t shut up about it. I haven’t seen him so excited to experiment on himself in years.”
Five years ago Bucky was still at the mercy of HYDRA but without hope of rescue. Scott was in prison, Sam was in mourning. Thor had lost his brother to madness, Wanda was at war. Clint was leading a secret life because he didn’t trust any of them with his family. SHIELD was infiltrated by HYDRA, Natasha couldn’t believe she’d ever have anything beyond the life of a spy. Tony was falling apart for all to see and no one bothered to look, and Bruce hadn’t yet remembered he was more than a monster. And Steve had hated the future with it’s loud, bright, fast colours because he had no idea how much worse it could get.
“Maybe she’s just trying to teach you,” Steve suggests innocently enough.
Friday’s voice sounds small and Steve didn’t think that possible.
She may as well be deciphering tea leaves but Tony lets her voice wash over him and imagines he feels the rustling blooms settle.
The days start to blur. With no missions or responsibilities, time slowly slips away from Steve. He no longer wakes with the sun. Instead he stays up to all hours of the night, curfew long since forgotten. He starts marking the passage of time in destroyed punching bags instead of calendars. He runs from dusk til dawn around the rim of the property, orbiting the Compound until its lights call him back.
“I dream about the Ether,” Steve admitted and he congratulated himself on saying
Any divine Hell would be disappointing compared to the magnificence they had crafted themselves.
Rhodes just looks out over the railing. “Yes and no. You featured but I don’t think you cracked the top five topics. If I thought you were the main problem I’d tell you.”
The words sting like a blow. “He’s getting better," Steve repeats.
Steve knows what it is now. “You can’t give up.”
“I’m well aware I wasn’t the primary enticement, I meant Barnes. I gave your buddy access to the best, most technologically advanced psychiatric care in the world and you stayed for him. And now he’s free to go.”
“No,” Tony replies surprisingly magnanimously. He stares off into the far corner. “Listen, if you want to stay up - “
“Easy, Cap,” Hawkeye said over the coms, “Squishy wizard down. You made your point.”
Some of the other Avengers had been starting to shoot Steve concerned looks but the overlap between those with the Sanctum on speed-dial and those with sufficient influence to get Strange to go against his non-intrusive nature was slim. Steve’s hand clenched around his ice water. He wondered what favour Tony had called in.
Tony took the lighter interpretation. “Not like I can outrun you, Cap.”
Iron Man’s voice is stripped of everything human.
, they seemed to say. On screen, his lips moved in a mute coup de grace and the interviewer reared back, her face convulsing in silent delight. Tony leaned back, a satisfied smile on his face.
One hundred and eight days gone.
“I was the blushing bride to Captain America,” Tony joked when Steve had finally gathered the courage to ask. Then he sighed and his voice turned serious. “It wasn’t you, Steve. I never found you over there. Believe me, I looked.”
She lets go of his arm and backs away to plant herself between them and Tony. Steve doesn’t move. His limbs feel like lead and his head is swimming.
Stark’s eyes narrow in confusion. “Then I don’t know what crime I’m being accused of. I had absolutely nothing to do with your buddy’s new arm - never even touched it.”
Tony must find out what happened from Kovalchyk or FRIDAY because he avoids Steve for the next month. It’s easier than it seems because the new New Avengers have their first operational cock-up in Istanbul. The mission is technically a success; the arms cache is secured and catalogued with no civilian casualties and minimal infrastructure damage. The only misstep is a momentary burst of friendly fire from Turkish troops who were told to guard the retrieved cache with their lives.
He looks disgusted at his own faulty logic. “Eventually I learned better. You weren’t the problem.”
Tony closed his eyes and consciously relaxed. “I trust you. I know that wasn’t enough for you before.” His lips twitched in a defeated half-smile. “I’m sorry. For all of this.”
“Why?”
It’s Tony’s fault he makes Steve feel so much; out of control and lashing out in any direction but even if Tony is the instigator the sickness lies in Steve. Tony just brings out the worst in him: the liar, the coward, the bully, but it was all there under the surface, waiting.
He nods abruptly, eyes closed, but Stark must not be looking either.
” Tony’s head lolled towards him. “The difference between you and me, is we both already knew I was capable of terrible things. You didn’t know you had it in you,” his gaze fluttered to Steve, “and now you do.”
Steve’s throat tightens. The agreement for Bucky’s care isn’t contingent on Steve’s presence. In fact it’s deliberately extricable from it but just as Steve can’t bear to stay, he can’t bring himself to leave either.
It stings like rejection even though it shouldn’t.
Gregory drowns on the family property in 1974. It takes the police eleven days to officially rule it an accident. There are incomplete files but it was a local force in the 70s and parts are inevitably missing. There was no autopsy but a number of objections to the dragging investigation get printed in the local paper. Enough to suggest a cover-up. Enough to suggest it wasn’t an accident.
“You have them,” Steve says. Then he straightens. “We need you too.” Tony won’t miss Steve’s use of the present tense.
Rhodes spins a set of keys around his finger. “Tony lent me his new Maserati on the condition I use it to ‘have no fun whatsoever’ and say something nice at his funeral if Pepper kills him.”
But it isn’t and instead of a lover’s caress he gets an elbow to the ribs, and instead of sweet nothings he gets uncharacteristic silence, and instead of passion or love (or friendship or camaraderie), he gets this and it’s not fair or right it’s -
Steve sped up but Tony barely noticed. The hand around his throat tightened with every thrust but nothing could tear Tony’s gaze away from his own empty mask mocking him. He was fighting to breathe now and it reminded him of the tree’s empty noose. Steve leaned down and kissed him, never breaking pace. His grip never loosened and Tony knew he didn’t have enough breath left to call him off; that agreed-upon word that would make it all stop hovering just out of reach at the edge of conscious thought. Tony watched the bright rain reflect off the Iron Man mask as the black spots in his vision started swarming, the man he loved in his arms.
Steve tells himself he wants to be an honest man but if this is truth then he doesn’t want it. The paints leech through the fibres of the paper, carrying colour deeper and deeper; ruining all the sheets below. It’s Steve’s fault; the paper is too thin, the colours applied too heavily but it still feels like Stark should share the blame for forcing his way onto the page. Tony staining everything.
They struck out across the desert under the raining fire. When the meteorites hit the sand they burned in place like lanterns lighting the way across the dunes. The sand made it too hot to stop so they didn’t. They walked for hours or days. Time meant very little here and even less in the repeating desert. Tony sometimes looked down at the sand and swore he was walking in someone else’s footprints but soon after the mirage would disappear into the ripples and Tony too would forget. Slowly but surely the rain lapsed and there was nothing but grey sky once more.
“And you are?”
“You were gone.” Bucky’s stare was blank. “You were dead over there and the world fell apart. It was all their Stark’s fault. He murdered me and probably Logan and dozens of others. Then he was arrested, tried, and executed in the name of the Lord. There was even a song about it, they sang it in pubs.” His expression darkened. “There was another song about how he made a deal with the Devil to come back.”
Steve isn’t used to inaction. He hates it. “I’m saying we should be helping - “
Since Steve came back Stark owns his life. He lives under Stark’s roof, eats his food, punches SI’s extra-strength heavy bags into submission every night for hours. He obeys the rules; the ones the lawyers have made explicit and the ones that Steve gleans from the hesitation in Vision’s voice and the reproach in FRIDAY’s silent, lagging fulfillment of his requests. He’s sure on the days his chest aches for no reason that Stark even owns the air he breathes.
