"I'm not an imbecile. I know how IVs work." Sherlock spoke. He turned his head to face the back of the sofa while she put in the drip. He wasn't normally squeamish, but it sure wouldn't help his nausea.
"I know it would be totally unreasonable if you asked me. But I'm not paying it, Mycroft is." Sherlock pulled out an IV in his hand that made the doctor in John wince.
She put on a pair of gloves and squeezed a type of lubrication onto her fingers. Then she put one inside of him gently and started feeling around and pressing down on his abdomen. It felt a bit uncomfortable and awkward having her fingers in him, but he knew that in the end if it makes sure the baby will be safe then it would be worth it.
"The pain should pass in a few days tops. If the pain killers don't work then do some exercises like sit-ups, they sometimes help."
Molly and Greg had just left. John was washing up, Mary had left early, and Sherlock was lying on the sofa with his hand resting on his bump.
He turned sideways so he could see the shape of his stomach in the mirror. Sure enough, a small bump protruded out of his lower abdomen.
Sherlock greeted her by saying, "Hello Sarah, nice to see you again, etcetera etcetera. I would stand up but I don't want to." the journalist did not have a response to that.
Sherlock stood up. "No. I think it would be easier to try to explain this to her by myself. If you come down too then she might get it in her head that we're having the baby together, and she already thinks we're a couple. We wouldn't want that now, would we?" Sherlock said it jokingly, but he wished it was true.
"I'm not, well I am, but, umm, that's a whole other conversation. I am not coming out to you with my sexual orientation. Do you know what intersex means? I assume you do, Molly, being a pathologist and all."
"John, how are we going to tell everyone?" It was just the two of them in Baker Street. Sherlock was standing next to the kitchen table with a finger in between a pair of tongs. It was tinged green with a substance John didn't want to know the name of.
Sherlock took pride in watching Mr Lawson's face go progressively redder as he deduced him. He felt rather than saw Mary and John tense up by his sides.
"It was a very minor procedure, Graham. And the results were optimal. I'm fine." Sherlock smiled at the family.
"Ahh, I see. Don't worry Sherlock, it won't make a difference in the long run." Sherlock took all three of them at the same time.
I've calmed down and when you realise why it was entirely inappropriate to say that!" The shorter man tried to move past the human obstacle in his way, without any luck.
As he walked in he was immediately recognised by security and allowed upstairs. People always recognised him when he walked into the Yard; Sherlock had earned himself quite a reputation over the years. This time though, people openly stared at him like he was some specimen to gawp at.
"She has blonde hair and blue eyes. Last time we measured her she was at ninety-five centimetres, which is quite small for her age. She has always been a dainty little thing." Emily Grayson looked like her eyes might start tearing up.
Sherlock got out of the car and followed Anthea into the building through the side entrance. Then, instead of going to the waiting room, she led him straight into a clinic room. Dr. Clarke was inside, sitting at her computer desk and looking at his notes. Anthea shut the door behind him and he heard her footsteps walking away.
"That's perfect. Now I want to encourage you to have one last conversation with John and Mary, preferably separately, before we go in. Is that okay?"
John let himself watch him for a minute. It was one of those rare days, sunny and not too cold, in the English September. A ray of light fell through the window and danced on Sherlock's ivory-white skin. One of his hands rested over his stomach, an action John guessed was subconscious. The image looked perfect, except for the book, which was titled 'A history of post-mortems in the British Isles'.
When John and Mary came in they looked around with open mouths at the state of the flat. Sherlock suddenly felt self-conscious about how over prepared he was. He drummed his fingers against his leg and greeted Mary and John with a rare warm smile.
"I should probably go. And John?" Sherlock spoke. From the way he said it one would assume he was about to say something important and memorable.
"I'm perfectly fine. I just... who would do such a thing to such a little girl?" the tears flowed more freely now.
"I rent out the properties I own small enough to make it worth the tenant's money, but I kept the largest eight properties. I hire people to go into them once a month to check that everything is okay in there, and a gardener for the ones with gardens twice a year. There are two castles, one in Scotland and one in Northern Ireland, the French hotel, a French manor house, a beautiful country home in Devon, a place in Wales, a place in Herefordshire, and a place in Belgravia."
"This whole being pregnant thing is a lot more exhausting than it looks. I could sleep for days, John. Days!" Sherlock brushed his hand against his forehead dramatically.
After ten minutes of choosing he had picked out three different books. Sherlock then payed and headed back to Baker Street.
"Yes, I am. If you are from the press then please have some human decency and leave us alone." the woman was around thirty-five, and wore a grey woollen jumper and cream skirt. She had bags under her eyes so big it looked like she hadn't slept in weeks.
"Honestly, I have absolutely no idea." John responded. And it was true. How on earth do you decide what to think when you have been given so much information in one go? First of all, his male flatmate is capable of carrying children. That alone is a huge shock. Secondly, said flatmate is willing to carry his child. Sherlock Holmes is not often described as selfless, and he has just offered to do one of the most selfless things John can imagine.
"It is a word to describe a person who is not biologically completely male or female. By that I mean a person who has both male and female reproductive organs."
"Yep." Sherlock swung his feet up onto the desk. "I want a case. Nothing dangerous though. If you wouldn't put a child on it, then don't put me on it."
Jenny moved the wand slightly and then paused the screen. She pointed at a little white blob in the centre-right of the screen. "Just there, see? That's their head, and then the legs are curled round under it. Do you see?"
He made his way through the open-planned offices until he came to Lestrade's glass door. He stepped inside without knocking and sat down opposite him.
"I know all of this. My ankles and fingers would swell, I would probably get morning sickness, I'd get cravings, even
Over the next few months, John begins to sleep in Sherlock's bed a lot more often. After a while he brings his clothes downstairs into Sherlock's room, as well as a few of his possessions. John stops dating, and Sherlock sleeps a lot more often. When they go out on their first date and have sex for the first time, neither of them have ever been happier.
"Are you sure that you would do this for us? It would mean no dangerous cases, experiments, smoking, drugs, alcohol, coffee, you'd have to eat regular meals, and that's excluding all of the physical things that are going to start happening. Your body would never be quite the same again."
The voicemail had been left to Sherlock ten minutes ago by Lestrade. He went and called John to tell him he had to meet him there, and then got changed into one of his only pair of jeans and a black t-shirt. He was feeling pretty rotten, his lower stomach giving out a dull, constant ache that somehow spread to his lower back and thighs.
They were waiting for the doctor to come back with some information to tell them whether or not Sherlock was ready to begin taking the hormone injections to kick start the ovulation levels needed to harvest the eggs. He had just had a vaginal ultrasound whilst the Watsons waited outside, and he had had loads of blood tests taken the day before. Dr. Clarke had said that she was fairly confident that Sherlock would be ready, but she just needed to run the results by a colleague first.
Sherlock twiddled his thumbs for about five minutes impatiently. When Lestrade came back he stood up so quickly that he felt the room spinning. "Can I have the case?"
Sherlock ignored the last question. "I think I'm done with my questions now, thank you. Could I please have both of your numbers so I can contact you if I need anything?"
"Yes. I'll definitely do that. Why are you looking at me strangely?" Sherlock reached over and got some tissues from the coffee table. His voice was breaking and sobs made his shoulders shake.
"I'll show you out." John offered. They walked out the door while Sherlock sat on the sofa and stared at the drip in the IV stand. John came back a moment later.
The Detective Inspector looked at him oddly, and his eyes widened when he realised that he wasn't wearing his trademark suit. "Are you feeling okay mate?"
idea during the summer of his eleventh year on this planet that he would learn four years worth of school work in one summer holidays. Mycroft bet him his Microscope that he couldn't do it, but that just made him more and more determined.
"John, come wait outside with me." John stood up from his chair and went outside with the other doctor.
"No, I'm just saying that perhaps the child should take their parents' points of views into account before making any hasty decisions."
That was the first time John had ever heard Sherlock thank his brother. It was nicer than the usual complaints and sneers.
Sherlock blushed for a moment, and Mary decided not to tease him for it. "I'm alright, thanks. I'll just, um, go."
"Tea, if you don't mind. Thank you." Mr Grayson came in then. He was a tall man, maybe about six foot three, and had a beard.
"I'm coming. Bye John!" the detective walked away from his blogger, and through to the operating theatre. John stood there watching him go, and it was only then that he realised that the person he loved most in the world and the person he was married to were completely different people.
Sherlock's heart starts to beat faster, and he pulls on the chains hopelessly in a futile and pathetic attempt at getting away from Petrović. The torturer laughs at his actions and brings a stool to sit next to him.
"My friends are John's friends, and my family are fine with whatever I do as long as it doesn't involve too much cocaine or morphine or jumping off buildings."
"I know it would be dangerous, but Mycroft can deal with any serious threats that come about. Not many people know about intersex people. I am a relatively well known public figure, so if I was to come out then it could actually help to give us more rights. Did you know that if I felt that I was not male but actually female then I wouldn't be able to change my legal status to female unless I said I was transgender?" Sherlock had put down the tongs at some point and was not gesticulating wildly.
! The case was solved as soon as the owner thanked him for coming to investigate on a Sunday. The old man had been drugged with enough sedative to make him sleep through Saturday night, the whole of Sunday, and Sunday night. He was very confused when every one told him it was Monday, but after a lengthy explanation the old man understood what had happened. That left the thieves a whole day to steal the Piano. They simply had to look on the CCTV footage of the road outside on the right day to find the license plate of the van the criminals used.
The only thing now stopping Sherlock from suggesting himself as the surrogate and/or egg donor, is the fear of John leaving him. His mother once said to him that a true friend wouldn't care that he has an ovary or two as well as his 'boy parts' as she had called them then. Sherlock knew that John would die for him, the Moriarty encounter at the pool had taught him that. If John was willing to kill and die for him, stay his friend even after the drugs and the faked suicide and countless other incidences, then why on earth would he leave him now?
"I'm just going to the bathroom. Do not move anything!" Sherlock instructed. He went out of the glass door and down the corridor.
"I sustained five broken ribs, internal abdominal bleeding, and I broke six bones in my legs. I was dead for six minutes, but then I was resuscitated. I'm here, John, see?" Sherlock guided John's hand up to rest on his chest so he could feel his heart beating. "It takes more than a fall to kill me, John."
Sherlock clicked his mouse over send. "It's sent. If what I know about how much the media wants an interview with me is correct then I wouldn't be surprised if I get a reply by the end of the day."
She stood up and came over to a stool at the end of the table. "Sorry Sherlock, but you're going to have to have lots of exams in the near future. I need to do an ultrasound on you ovaries and a complete pelvic exam."
"A SWAT team was sent to a warehouse with dozens of people running a cocaine and meth lab. Everyone's in custody."
John looked confused. "But how did you survive? I felt your pulse, you just didn't have one, you were dead!"
"Well that's to be expected. Don't worry, I'm sure you'll lose it all as soon as the baby's here." John reassured. "There, all done. Do you want to stay and watch something with me?"
Kudos and comments are appreciated, please tell me how I can improve or what you’d like to see happen later on.
"Unless you've forgotten I have got the waistline of a male human, I'm going to have a larger waistline than the average woman."
"I've just got to text my detective friend that we're on our way." Sherlock spoke. As soon as he looked up from his phone he was bombarded by questions from both parents.
"Please don't take this the wrong way, but I think you should start seeing a therapist. I know depression and PTSD and the feeling of worthlessness, and if you find the right therapist then it can really help."
"I will see you tomorrow morning." Sherlock said harshly before making his way to the balcony, since it was so close to his room, and looking out over the estate in thought.
“You tried so hard to save me but… the John Watson you knew died on that bloody battlefield alongside his best friend. I’m sorry… I’m so sorry that I couldn’t be the man you saw me as…the man you believed I was...”
"It's Doctor... Watson..." Even his last name felt foreign on his tongue. Hell, his voice sounded wrong, felt wrong.
"Because her world is very different now. Parts of it have been stolen from her and she can never get them back." she answered, combing his hair back and hugging him closer. "I know that she may seem scary now, but it's only because she is very scared. She doesn't know who to trust. Will you please try to be nicer to her, for me?"
"I am. Dr. Watson has been with me through every aspect of my sprained ankle. She showed great courage and compassion when she protected me from a pot of boiling water with her own body. And she is by far the most fascinating woman I have ever had the pleasure to meet. She is reliable, honest, and extremely trustworthy. If you would allow her to be a member of our family, I can promise you that she would only be a blessing to our name and reputation."
"I had thought maybe it was my imagination, but the night I first came here I'd heard a voice I didn't know say my name. And I felt something touch me, but there was no one there."
"You going missing... It made me take things more seriously. At first I was drinking more than usual, but after a while, I realized that me getting pissed every night wasn't going to help bring you back."
"Alright. I'll come for dinner. I look forward to seeing you then. I should go to my own work now as well." Molly agreed, following the more elegant lady out of her house and heading off to her father's stable with a bright smile and an encouraging wave. Mary waved back and then she stepped into the carriage that was waiting outside her doorstep, ushering Jane inside after her.
"Mrs. Holmes... my apologies... I wasn't sure you'd wish me to call you that..." Sherlock looked like a child who had just been scolded and it almost suited him, almost.
Jane had never seen as many dresses in her entire life as she had when she went shopping with Mrs. Holmes. White wedding dresses weren't exactly in style yet so Jane relied on Virginia's expertise for picking a dress. The one they both decided on was light tan in color, embroidered along the edges with light blue forget-me-nots, purple morning glories, and speckled with a little bit of what Virginia had called 'baby's breath.' It was lovely with cream colored lace lining every hem. And the best part was that it fit her like a glove. Most of Molly's clothes were tight in some places and loose in others on her, but this felt like it was made for her.
“Well, there’s a break in your life line. That’s something I haven’t seen a lot of.” She explained. He remained silent, hoping she’d elaborate. “It means your life is going to change drastically.”
"I can't talk about what happened with her. I know you want me to get better, but it's not as simple as that." John cupped her cheek, smiling softly at his sister.
"Of course, Jane." Mary agreed, draping Jane's curls in such a way that no one would be able to tell the scar was there and pinned it in such a way that she could turn her head but the hair wouldn't move.
Jane didn't know what to say, she wanted to believe him but the truth was so incredibly ludicrous, she very much doubted that it wouldn't push him away. After all, what man would actually believe and accept that his wife was born nearly two hundred years after him as a man who did very well in medical school, played rugby, and then went into the army as a doctor and a Captain, only to be shot at? To say that it was a lot to take in would be the understatement of the millennium and chances of her getting thrown into an asylum? Too high to be comfortable considering for more than a fleeting moment.
"If you must know, it once belonged to my mother. It should fit you well, though. You are about the same size as she was." Jim answered gesturing to the guest room and handing her the mountain of satin and lace. "It's yours now since I don't have much need for a dress and I'm fairly certain I will never have a wife. Get in that room. Ms. Morstan is waiting on my orders to help you into this gown."
In desperate need of assurance, he looked down to find that he was once again Jane and the fact caused her to spin around and yelp with glee.
"Mrs. Holmes." he greeted, standing and offering a bowl to her. "Mr. Perkins told me you were feeling under the weather, so I took it upon myself to deliver you a meal."
"What?! Holmes, what motive could you possibly have to do such a thing?!" Jane asked, almost springing out of bed. Sherlock soothed her back into her spot.
With her dress picked out she left London to return to her lonely home. It was late by the time she got home so she simply went to bed.
Sherlock stood in a quiet shock for a moment or so before speaking. "Well, I suppose, it is my turn to host the family Christmas party... I'm not very good at parties, nor have I ever understood the appeal of them. If you were to plan it for me in my stead, it might be the first year my party has not been a complete failure..."
"Then it is settled, you and I shall call upon Ms. Mary Morstan." Molly exclaimed, grinning. Her smile was not as strained as it had been since their financial misfortunes had begun.
His mind went blank in that moment as he stared back at all of his comrades who were in the middle of an intense battle while he stood there with a blank expression on his face as if he were at the cinema watching a war documentary with a disconnected haze. Shock, his mind supplies blankly as the world fell out from under him. He fell and the world around him faded to black.
“Oh, good morning, Ms. Watson.” Molly greeted as Jane stepped out of the bedroom. “I was just about to come fetch you. Breakfast is ready.”
Soon he grew more confident and the noises he elicited from her were moans, rather than simple hums. He shifted until he was settled between her legs and slowly pressed inside of her. The pleasant sensation through them both off guard but not nearly as much as the moan that left Sherlock as he buried himself in her warmth.
"Don't play this off casually! You were missing for ages! You left your mobile and a suicide note in your flat!"
"Why is it that you treat me like I'm made of glass?" she wondered out loud and Sherlock's eyebrows furrowed.
"But before I could tell him that I loved him too... I was back in the present... And now there's two centuries between me and that moment and I don't know if I'll ever seen him again..."
Jane's gaze locked onto the man who was scowling disapprovingly at her and she sent a glare to him in return. How could any one being be so rude in such a predicament?
Mrs. Hudson seemed to be improving a little, gaining more control of her ability to move her eyes, at the very least.
It was almost silly that, in fifty years, their habits had hardly changed. They'd still read together in the drawing room and in bed. Almost every conversation would have some form of teasing or flirt in it. And incredibly, they were still very much in love.
"Molly!" she exclaimed, rushing to grab the woman's hands in her own. "My lord, look at you! You look stunning."
The two men bowed to one another, swords slicing through the air as they each took three steps before turning around and staring at one another.
“Just the truth actually, and by the end of it, it almost felt more like he was seducing me.” she giggled and Moriarty joined in. “By the way, I had no idea you were so bad at singing.” With that, James gave her a lighthearted nudge with his shoulder.
It didn't take long before they were both quietly moaning each other's names into one another's ears and soon she was tightening around him as they both spiraled towards the brink of orgasm.
“It’s either tonight or not at all since I imagine Mr. Holmes will be exceedingly busy preparing for his wedding for the rest of the week,” James answered, giving her hand a reassuring squeeze. “Should you need me, I will also be in attendance.”
"I know that you're worried for me, but I can handle myself, mama." he assured, kissing her cheek. "Dr. Watson is not a malicious person."
Sherlock’s knuckles turned white with how hard he gripped the doorknob, but with one glance into those pleading blue eyes, his resolve to leave this room dissolved. He let out a very heavy sigh, running his fingers through his curls frustratedly and turning to look at her expectantly.
"If it was the best year of your life, why were you found wearing a tattered dress and crying like someone shot your granny?" John's eyes found their way to the ranger's name tag with narrowed annoyance.
He walked up a hill and looked over the valley as best he could through the canopy of budding leaves.
Sherlock requests that Jane be put in charge of taking care of him during the duration of his stay at Reichenbach Manor while his ankle recovers. All seems well at first but Moriarty's jealousy soon erupts into something far more dangerous.
"I wasn't, admittedly. I just... did not wish to witness that horrific display of his disregard for your opinions." Jane sighed softly, biting her lip.
"Isn't beauty just an abstract social construct to you?" Jane teased and he gently took her hand in his own, pressing it to his lips.
The numbers seemed to make John's head spin and his ears ring. 1811? That simply couldn't be right. But as he entered Ms. Hooper's humble abode on unsteady feet it was starting to become a little easier to believe those digits. He searched the room for any signs of modern technology as subtly as he could but there were no light switches nor outlets, and nothing with cords attached. John ran his fingers over his scar absentmindedly, the dull pain from the pressure, coupled with the numbness, the only reminder of his grip on reality. This didn't feel like a dream. The tight clothing was definitely real. That meant all of this, although it seemed incredibly impossible, was real.
Virginia was simple enough too, she loved seeing operas with Wolfson and he had never complained about it. So Jane gave Virginia two tickets to see the newest opera in London. Virginia showed her usual dose of excitement, pulling Jane into a hug and telling Sherlock that he had made a good choice in spouse, making Jane and her husband blush and feel a pit of incredible awkwardness.
"Well, I do care about him. I've always admired the way he's a man ahead of his time. I realize we don't get along, but I can respect what he's capable of. But he's capable of so much more when he's with you. Besides, he opened up with you. Ms. Adler is only going to make him more recluse. I don't know why you disappeared, but I'm glad you're not dead, Holmes."
John walked back towards the town he had come from, shoes feeling strange and unfamiliar. He looked down at his feet and noticed how loose his shoes were on him. And then he took a moment to notice the two large lumps bulging from his chest in a shirt that definitely didn't fit him the way it should. He groped his chest curiously, thinking that his sleep deprivation had finally made him mad. Oddly enough, the breasts were there, he could feel the sensation of his hands gently squeezing them, the warmth of the flesh. His eyes widened as his trousers finally fell down and something that had been there an hour before was replaced by some less familiar genitals.
"Here. I'll help apply the lavender." Moriarty offered, taking one of the sprigs and crushing it with his hands until it was somewhat paste-like. He started rubbing his hands over the burns, sneaking peeks down her dress and brushing his fingers as close to the edge of the fabric as he could manage. Sherlock noticed immediately what Moriarty was up to and he glared at him slightly.
"What made you pick me over her? She's quite pretty..." it was a question she hadn't meant to ask, one she wasn't sure she wanted the answer to, but now that she'd asked it on impulse, it was too late.
“Once… I’m very much female now. But I would gladly be whatever you wanted me to be…” she admitted with a blush. Sherlock’s gaze set on her once more and she felt as if she were only a few inches tall the way it bore into her.
"Not at all. I think your service shall prove to be, at the very least, adequate and as he says you're the only member of his staff that I am familiar with. I thought it best to pick you rather than some dull, timid girl who would bore me to death. I find you to be at least a little interesting since I can't figure you out completely."
"It's been a long time since someone's called me that." Jane revelled in the title. She had no idea how much she had missed being a doctor until now. "You're going to want to bite down on this."
Another week passed and Jane woke up feeling groggy and not at all well. She could feel her empty stomach protesting at her very inhalation and groaned as every movement caused her stomach to slosh as she made her way to the chamber pot to hurl. With a heavy groan, Jane lifted herself off the floor and dressed before making her way downstairs to the carriage outside.
“This is Mrs. Holmes, actually. But I suppose if my wife will allow it?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow as he turned to ask Jane’s permission. Jane smiled, so happy to hear Sherlock call her what she had longed to hear for so long.
"I love you too, god, I do..." she admitted against his lips. His hands rested and her hips, fingertips gently pressing into them, just enough to assure her that this was real.
"I'm not blushing!" she protested. It was a complete lie and the smug bastard knew it. He could probably see that the tips of her ears were red, the observant prat.
He looked off towards the horizon at the thick wall of trees that bordered the town. He would do it tonight, he decided, though he felt bad about proving Sarah wrong in every aspect of her reading, not that he was likely to actually achieve any of the things she had predicted.
"There are rumors about that?" He shook himself out of his thoughts and cleared his throat. "That wasn't what I was going to ask you..."
"Sexual harassment is common in any profession, even if I did go somewhere else, I'd probably still have to deal with a man I'm not interested in wanting more than and employer/employee relationship." Sherlock didn't know what to say to that so he simply stood quietly next to her, watching her work.
"I wanted to know what you meant by him 'cradling the family jewels' as you put it." Jane blushed and looked sheepish.
"Yes." Jane called from the bed, covering up her burns with a shawl that Mary had lent her. Her dress was much looser on her now and her bodice underneath her ensemble had been removed completely so that they could have better access to the burns that were now already on a fast track to recovery.
Sherlock seemed to melt with that statement, tears actually falling down his cheeks as he wrapped his arms around Jane's waist and held her close to him.
"Well... the night I disappeared... I had planned to kill myself that next morning..." John said hesitantly and Harry looked concerned. "Life was... it was different after I got shot. Old friends... I know they didn't mean to, but they treated me like I was broken... You did too. Like I was so fragile if you said the wrong thing, I'd shatter... And I missed the action of Afghanistan, helping people with severe afflictions...I forgot how to be a civilian and I didn't see anyway of going back..."
"I'll carry your child if you like." Sherlock suggested. He said it so casually that he might as well of been suggesting that he make a cup of tea. The detective's heart started to beat faster when the couple sitting opposite him didn't say anything for a few moments. Thoughts of regret tumbled through Sherlock's head disturbingly quickly. Not regret because he was having second thoughts, but because he was scared of what John was thinking.
The woman with the name badge Gloria Ramirez spoke up, "We were thinking Friday the 18th of this month, if that's okay with the three of you."
"I know. Goodnight, John." Sherlock turned laid down on the sofa and turned his body towards the wall.
"Oh, you don't know-" the woman said before being interrupted by Sherlock saying, "The drugs. She meant rehab from the cocaine. It can actually be quite painful."
They settled in for the next half an hour journey to the clinic. When they got there the car went around the back and into a staff parking space. "Less chance of anyone seeing you arrive here, Mr. Holmes." was Anthea's explanation.
Sherlock also realised that the baby might grow up to be bullied about this. The vast majority of children lack the capability to understand things like gender dysphoria and intersexuality. And when children don't understand things about other people, they bully them.
"Well that's amazing. As I understand it, when you offered to be a surrogate you hadn't yet come out to anyone you were close to. May I ask why?"
A phenomenal amount of anger aimed at whoever did this to him sweeps through John. "Please tell me that the people who did this to you are dead Sherlock, or I'll kill them. God help them if they're still alive, for I guarantee you that they won't be for much longer."
"Одлази, Тодор, ред је да га испитам. Не радите то како треба." (Go away, Todor, it is my turn to question him. You aren't doing it right) the other torturer ordered. With a huff the idiot -Todor- left the room. The new torturer (Sherlock thinks his surname is Petrović, but can't be sure) walks towards him.
"Yes. Once. I was at Cambridge university at the time. It was a man called Victor Trevor. Overall he was a nice person. He told me he loved me, I lied and told him I loved him too. After four months of dating we were going to have sex. We were kissing, and I don't know why but I just couldn't tell him that I wasn't completely male down there. He put his hand down my trousers, and then he stopped moving."
Throughout Sherlock's little speech Mary hadn't left her place on the sofa. John's anger had vanished away faster than a breath on the wind, and what was left looked like a mix of curiosity and disbelief. He allowed himself to be guided back towards the sofa by the detective, and once Sherlock himself had sat down he turned to Mary.
For the main course, Sherlock ordered a ham pizza, John a lasagne, Mary a salad, and Greg a pizza topped with an egg. They all started eating, but Sherlock had something else on his mind.
"I'll need to take some of these files home to look at fully, but I'll have caught you a killer by tomorrow. Laters!" Sherlock left the room and headed home after he snatched the file from Lestrade without an apology. At least it would give him something to do for the next day or so.
"Well, first with the pills, then the injections, and now you saying you just had an operation! You once came down to a crime scene with a temperature of 39 degrees and a broken arm! It sounds like you're seriously ill!"
Next he pulled out his notebook. He had documented every single change in his body, no matter how minute, for months now. Four months ago he weighed 62 kilograms, which was underweight. He had then worked hard to gain 10 kilograms taking him to a healthy 72. Over the past two weeks he had lost an average of one kilo every two days without trying.
"Because I am one. A hermaphrodite, that is. I have a complete female reproductive system." Sherlock felt a bit uncomfortable talking about this with the eighty-something year old.
Five minutes later, Lestrade came back. He placed the phone in front of Sherlock and scratched the back of his neck uncomfortably. "Look mate, I'm sorry, but you can't blame me for being suspicious. John explained it to me though, and I understand completely."
"Just hold on. I'm going to hang up now, if you need anything ask Mrs Hudson to get it for you. Bye."
"That's fine. I think she knew that. If you don't mind me asking, and if you're uncomfortable with it then you don't have to answer, but have you ever actually been in a relationship?" John had been wanting to ask that question for years.
"Everything seems fine so far, now I just need to take a look at your cervix. If anything hurts, just tell me and I'll try to make things more comfortable for you."
Mrs Grayson handed Sherlock a cup of tea and put the sugar bowl and a milk jug on the table. "We can't pay you. We already payed another private detective a couple of grand and he came up with nothing." (A/N: I'm not sure if you have the word grand in relation to money elsewhere in the world, but in the UK it means a thousand pounds.)
"Hello, I'm detective inspector Lestrade, I believe we have already met. He held out a hand to shake. They both ignored it.
"So were you." John replied. Sherlock brought his hands up to his eyes and felt that they were indeed wet. Embarrassment makes his cheeks tinge with pink.
Sherlock laid back on the bed and untucked his shirt. The detective disinfected his skin with an alcohol wipe a few inches below his navel. He held out his hand for the syringe, and when he got it he pinched his skin and then pushed the needle in before he had time to think too hard about it. It hurt a bit more than he expected it to when he pushed the plunger, but like the doctor said, he had definitely been through worse.
"Since age twelve? Isn't that a bit young? Surely you couldn't have been old enough to make a decision like that at such a young age."
The group had ordered two starters for everyone to share, garlic bread and cheesy garlic bread. Within minutes Sherlock had eaten the entire cheesy one himself, making Greg, Mary, and John stared.
"I know I don't look like it anymore. It used to always be either drugs or starving myself. Don't worry, I have been clean of anorexia and mostly clean of illegal substances ever since I met you."
"Before. I'll start typing the email up now. Could you make me a cup of tea?" Sherlock stepped away from John and towards the sofa. He sat down, picked up his laptop, and flipped open the lid, casting a blue-white glow on the sharp bones of his face.
In around thirty-one weeks he would either give birth or have a cesarean, and then Sherlock would have to hand over the life form he created. Then he would have to watch the child grow up in another family, and get called 'Uncle Sherlock'. He would miss everything a parent has a right to witness, like first words, first steps, first school play.
"Good afternoon Anthea. How has your day been?" Sherlock asked the woman who still refused to reveal her real name.
"Tilt your head back..." John dished out instructions to Sherlock who promptly obeyed. Twenty minutes later John was finished, and he taped the end of the tube to Sherlock's cheek.
"Yes. But only for five days. They think that keeping the case open for much longer is being cruel to the family. I agree with them. I really hope you don't find her body, mate. Good luck." Lestrade passed the case file over to Sherlock, who then ran out of the door without so much as a goodbye.
"Thank you. I have had sex, though. I didn't particularly want the sex, but the man gave me 150g of cocaine. That would cost about four and a half to five and a half thousand pounds. I was desperate, and he said he had a 'fetish' for 'trannies'. I was too high to bother to correct him, so I agreed to go back to his place.
Thirty seconds later Lestrade was coming through the door looking a tad out of breath and far too stressed for this early in the day.
John makes a vow to himself that no-one will ever hurt Sherlock in that way ever again. He would take his place in a second if he had to.
"I told you I'll see what I can do! The people working on it have exhausted all of their leads though, they are about to call it a closed case. It's already been open for two months, I don't think even you will be able to solve it. She just disappeared while at the park with her parents. The cctv cameras haven't caught anything either. It's tragic, but that's just the way some cases go."
"Look, please, look at me Rosa," he said, growing frustrated with her, grasping hold of her hand, on hearing her first name she obeyed. He sighed heavily, trying to plan out how to say what he wanted to without her getting even more offended.
"Yes, I am Mycroft. A little girl, to even it all out. She should arrive in the next few months... Oh honestly, you can go now..." She said as the two began to squirm.
“Fucking hell! What is going on?” John yelped as he walked back into the flat with lunch in his hands, only to find Sherlock throwing papers all over the floor, while Missy stood to the side, arms crossed as she sighed heavily.
Sherlock examined the box carefully. There was an envelope on top with his name on it, written in a neat script. The box smelled like oil, similar to the kind they use on bicycle chains, a soft hum was coming from it. He knew from experience better than to touch it without knowing exactly what was inside. With that, he dialed three on speed dial.
Once John was satisfied that every piece of packaging was away and in the rubbish, he turned to speak to Sherlock.
Their mother and father smiled sweetly down at them, before their father reached down and lifted them to sit on his lap, so as to give their mother their attention.
They stayed like that for what felt like the longest moment, yes they had kissed each other before but something about this... The emotions around it, involved in, had caused it.
"This is why I haven't been so active the past few days," his mother explained, though Mycroft hardly heard her, his mind racing in horror at the prospect that these... Thing's were here to stay.
“She is, and no doubt she is wondering where her girl is, to say goodbye to her…” He said, as if speaking to Rosie, it seemed to be what was needed.
She didn't mind their little sister half as much as her twin did, finding it pleasant that she was no longer the only girl. However when Sherlock cleared his throat she went back to his side instantly, snuggling close to him, kissing him softly as she cuddled his arm, laying her head upon his shoulder.
"You didn't have to do that you know..." He said softly, breaking his sister out of her daze, she looked up at him, tilting her head to the side in question. "You didn't have to tell her that it was just you that hit her..."
. This was what John dreaded when this war started, he had only seen Sherlock going berserk once, and it started with calling Anderson ‘a piece of shit’. He knew where this would head towards if he doesn’t quench the fire immediately.
“Which means... This must be two hundred and twenty one B, Baker Street, Marylebone, London England, in the United Kingdom…” At this she spun on the spot, stopping when she was facing them again, eyes now going over John as well.
“For one, I don’t have a master, and for two, I told you what I know about that, in fact I could ask you the same question, mister. I was switched off for... Twenty nine days, six hours and twenty seven seconds, before you rudely woke me earlier… Cold hands, by the way, no wonder shorty is so moody… However I am searching for her whereabouts, but as of now, I have no information available… Other than what she told me, if I ever wake up here she’s dead and or missing.”
“Missy…” Dr Schmidt gently scolded, the android's eyes instantly going to her as she shrugged, a small smirk on her lips.
“Missy.” He said, sternly, sighing heavily, before he leaned in and whispered, “your Sherlock is showing.” Making the android snigger as she nodded, putting her hands up in surrender.
The next day, Missy and John went through all that they had learnt from the red chip that the android held inside, they agreed that this would take a lot of work, and so Rosie was sent to spend the weekend with Mrs Hudson while the adults went back to business.
“I need a minute, John.” Sherlock paced towards the living room and did a dramatic flop onto his chair, and quickly sunk back into his mind palace.
While Missy was being trained and tested, Mycroft was hosting a meeting for the heads of the secret services of Britain, Ireland and most of Europe, either in person or through video calls. The subject matter? Missy.
Along with his sudden willingness to speak, he had also taken to using his middle name Sherlock, refusing to respond to William, though this was as successful as Mycroft's attempts to get their parents to use his full name.
“Who are you calling a piece of metal, meat bag! If you were able to keep your… Shit organised, we would’ve found what we were looking for hours ago!”
From the corner of his eye, he spotted Missy’s shadow going into a room at the back. Before anyone could blink, they heard a loud explosion.
“Package for Mr Holmes,” the man on the left said, while presenting a piece of paper to Mrs Hudson’s, a courier slip.
“Rather handy that, as you make me happy all the time too, mini human…” Rosie giggled at Missy’s pet name for her, “what am I going to do when you are no longer a smaller version of you..?”
It was only now that he noticed that the box was making a noise, how long had it been doing that? He knew better than to ask his lover, a tired and over worked Sherlock did not make for pleasant for
She had been following Sherlock’s work through John’s blog since their first case together. In many ways, she related to him, often too smart to be liked by others. She had hoped that the android would help Sherlock learn, by programming it semantically.
"I am dead... Mums gonna kill me... Then she'll tell dad, and he'll kill me," he said as they walked, glancing towards their home every now and again, only for his sister to tug on his arm to regain his attention in the direction they were going.
“It is true, I mean come on, remove the overly open campness, change the accent and we could play ‘which arse is which?’ Is it the one that let this happen under his nose, no doubt busy eating cake,” she said, indicating Mycroft, “or, the one dumb enough to not see this coming…”
These men did not particularly look like they are from FedEx, or any courier services in fact, but after knowing the Holmes brothers for so many years, especially the older one, she knew not to mind these small details. Gently she shut the door to unlatch it and let in both men, pointing up the stairs.
“I admit, I could have handled this particular situation better, but…” The head of MI6 walked towards him, till he stood in front of Mycroft.
Just as she was mounting over the fallen door, John appeared behind her, mouth opening to make a comment on the mess. She lifted a finger on her lips, the laser clicking off, as she shushed him.
It had been a long day, as it got closer to the evening, Anthea appeared in the flat with some takeout for everyone. Missy sat with them, filling them in with what she was from what she had been told.
This so far had resulted in him being scratched, hit and "gummed" by Rose, while only being tapped by William. It was clear that the girl had a temper, and knew how to throw her weight around when it suited her, as whenever their parents were around she would play the perfect angel.
Rosie crawled into the android’s lap, snuggling close to her as she cuddled her, resting her head upon her chest.
"I'm Sherlock Holmes, she's my twin Aurora... She still doesn't like you." He said, making Victor snigger slightly.
“You should ask him. John?” He spun around the spot, eyes darting around before it went back to staring down at Greg. “Where’s John?” Sherlock asked innocently.
Missy went over all the routes available to them, offering them to the driver in order to get to the St Bart’s quicker, avoiding the most traffic. However she may as well as spoke to the little air freshener hanging in the car, as once Mycroft realised what she was doing, he instructed his driver to ignore her and go the route he had set out.
A soft shaking unsure sound escaped through her nose, as she began to bury herself inside the kiss, her arms pulling him closer, clinging to him, fingers digging into his skin. It hurt slightly but he didn't want to stop her, to separate from her, from THIS.
Aurora looked to her brother, shaking her head slightly, making their mother let out a slightly mocking laugh.
“Stop that, Sherlock. You’re not a child. Now what could have possibly happened to warrant such behaviour?” John snapped his fingers in his lover’s face when he noticed the glares hadn’t stopped.
As with every other case, Sherlock had pinned photos, articles and handwritten scribbles all over the flat with threads of different colours representing different relationships between data. John was used to it, but Missy was not impressed at all. She had a neat way of storing data, namely her internal logs and storage and the mess Sherlock made agitated her to the core.
"I've been reading up on how people work... You know, since we're gonna be starting school soon, it made sense to... Get a head start on that..."
"Keep your distance and state your business, you scally wag! What was your in tent ons with my sister, other than to drown her!?" He demanded of him, making Aurora smile smugly, she loved it when her brother played the pirate captain.
“So, Missy,” John began as he began to cut into his meal, “when are they sending you on your first mission?”
When it came to the boys, Victor was able to join in fully, happy to play the games that the boys preferred, however Sherlock just could not. It wasn't that he wasn't physically fit enough, or imaginative enough, he just didn't want to join in with them, despite his sisters pleas for him to try.
The door was bolted from the other side, but Missy had no trouble when it came to literally breaking and entering. She lifted her hand and pointed at it, a little red dot was shining on the bolt. A huge charge shot through, collapsing the door to the other side.
The first version of her was made without a gender, but spending time alone with Karen she had grown more comfortable with the female gender, therefore she prefered to appear as a woman.
There was an alleyway right in the blind spot of the two CCTVs. As the group went deeper into the dark alley, Sherlock spotted some skid marks at the corner turning right.
After the session they were informed that Rosa was more than capable of speaking, she merely chose not to, with assurances that she would stat to talk when she wanted to. As far as they could tell her development shouldn't be hindered by this, somewhat, bizarre choice.
As the cabbie took the last right turn towards Baker Street, Sherlock bounced his feet nervously. He had left John. He promised he would never do that again, but he just did.
Time passed relatively slowly, compared to what it had before he became an older sibling to two unwanted pests, for Mycroft.
This was why as their mother domineered over the two he felt a deep disappointment in the sudden change in character in his little girl.
"I know A, he'll get over it... I think... Just too much change at once for him..." He stepped back, looking her in the eye, "he isn't mad AT you, though, just everything around you,"
She continued to track it while everyone got into an unmarked car and followed her navigation. They stopped in front of a large warehouse in Central London, it was empty and derelict.
"Now, no doubt you three... Mike, this is for you to hear as well young man," she said, gently tapping her eldest sons shoulder. He sighed and put his book down, turning slowly to face them.
She nodded enthusiastically, grinning at her, proud her mother was getting better at reading her speeches.
Sherlock watched, rushing to her he offered her his hand and pulled her up and onto the bank, holding her close, protectively as she held onto him, snuggling close.
"Mothers not ill, is she?" He asked, eyebrow raised. He may not enjoy school, the other boys were morons in comparison to himself, but he didn't want to allow them the chance to get ahead of him by his absence due to illness.
“Fourteen, and you...” Missy said as a man in a pristine suit walked out from the shadows, pointing a pistol at Doctor Schmidt.
"As for you, young lady, you go to your room for the rest of the night, you know better than to lie and bully people."
Sherlock carried Rosie into the bedroom and laid her in the middle, turned on the baby monitor and went back to the living room.
She drew her arm back and punched him hard in the nose sending him flying back and off of her, allowing her to get up herself.
He snarled as he tossed the file across the room, his breathing shaking with the rage building up inside of him.
"These are your new siblings, William," his father indicated the baby which seemed to be trying to sleep, "and Rosalie," he stroked the open eyes babes cheek, earning their attention.
Missy was still on the floor, trying to ensure that even the most smallest shard of the broken dishes was picked up, when the two boys came back downstairs, in a somewhat heated arguement.
Missy was just four paces away from the Schmidts when the man pulled out another gun from his back holster,
She could also alter her gender appearance, deflating her chest and revealing a more prominent Adam’s apple to appear as a male.
“Now, where were we? Ah yes, you, the dumb one to not see this coming…” the android walked towards Mr Schmidt and Karen, who was laying on her side upon the floor. She let her heels click with every step, staring straight into his eyes, slowly but surely trickling fear into him.
” (Glad you asked, Mister Holmes. I want her.) Mr Schmidt replied to Mycroft while lifting his index finger from his free hand towards Missy.
Both parents looked down at him in disapproval, before their mother cleared her throat and continued.
“Sherlock…” John hissed, fighting to take his eyes off of the unexpected delivery, “I thought you said… Oh my God Sherlock please… She’s not breathing!”
Now beginning to show with their next child, she was concerned that Rose's domineering personality would not only hinder hers and her twins development, but that of the unborn child once they were introduced to the world.
Missy brushed past him, flicking her hair so it wiped him in the face, before opening the door for John, allowing him to get in first before closing it, sneering at Mycroft.
On Saturday morning while Sherlock was in his mind palace, Missy took the chance to reorganise the flat and all his data… that was when all hell broke loose in two two one B Baker Street.
It was dark, only lit by a single light source on the far side of the room, it took John’s eyes a short while to adjust to the light. As he blinked hard to quicken up the process, he heard Missy’s footsteps starting to go further and further away.
The two were so wrapped in each other, their only attention and focus being on the other and how they could get even closer to becoming one, that neither of them noticed their little sister standing in the door way, watching them.
Though the twins were often content with spending time together within the nursery, his new siblings seemed to know and, in Rose's case at least, take pleasure in finding the perfect times to disturb his schedule.
“You failed in short, and are now trying to mislead the people in this room… I have seen the unedited footage of this... Tragic, and avoidable, event.” He turned to address the room, “the android, who goes by the name of Missy, was willing to sacrifice herself for her creator, however was prevented from doing so… It is also able to perform emergency first aid, doing so upon a,” he opened the file, scanning it, “Dr. John Watson, after Mr. Holmes attempted to destroy the android using an electrically fuelled bullet, only for the good doctor to leap in to block it.” He closed the file, Mycroft had now taken the empty seat behind the head, “this also shows that it is able to form strong bonds with people, enough for a man to be willing to cause himself great harm, and possibly death…” He looked back at the Holmes man, sighing. “I think I have seen enough, thank you, Mr. Holmes.”
Mary and John looked to Sherlock. "This is going to have a bigger impact on you than me and Mary. Are you sure you want to do this? And next week?"
"No, I'm not having any second thoughts. I don't want to got to Sussex either. Running and hiding would be like I'm ashamed. Which I'm not. And that is why I've been thinking, I want to come out publicly, if you are okay with that of course."
"Alright then. Here is some ibuprofen, it should get to work in about half an hour. Until then I got you a hot water bottle. It is actually surprisingly effective for relieving pain."
The presenter, looking distinctly uncomfortable, replied, "I'm sorry to hear that. What about you, Mr Holmes?"
"Only five more months to go, and then you'll have little Watson and I'll have the ability to sleep again." Sherlock joked.
"Not really, I consented. He paid me what he promised. Basically just prostitution." Sherlock looked plain sad and ashamed.
"Umm, it's okay Sherlock. How about you go down to the yard tomorrow and solve it? I'm sure Lestrade can pull some strings."
When Sherlock emerged five minutes later he went to his room to put a shirt on. When he had done that he went and sat down opposite where Mary was sitting on the sofa and she passed him the hot water bottle.
"Okay, that's bad. I want you to stay away from the stairs, I'll let myself in. Go and try to drink something now. I'm getting into a cab, will you be fine until I get there?"
"No. I'm thirty-two days pregnant. I'm a surrogate for Mary and John. Mary can't have kids, so I offered to carry their child."
"No. Did I do something wrong? I didn't mean to, I promise. I'm sure I did everything right. Is the baby okay?" Sherlock started looking panicked.
"Fifteen-thousand views in the last five minutes. That's more than I usually get in twenty-four hours!"
"I have something very important to tell you. It's not bad news, I promise. In fact it's the very best."
"So please sign here to say that you are okay with us implanting three embryos, and again at the bottom to say you understand that we cannot guarantee that one will attach." Sherlock did as instructed.
"All done. Now put your clothes back on and we can talk about how to proceed. I didn't find anything worrying, and fingers crossed pathology won't either on the pap test. Your friends are very lucky to have a friend like you, Sherlock."
When Sherlock got home he ran into his bedroom with the picture of his -no, Mary and John's- baby. He switched on the bedside table light and shut the door.
Sherlock was at the yard. It had been two days since he had started taking the injections and his lower stomach was hurting. He decided that he would try his thigh later as a new injection site.
From the front Sherlock looked like an average bloke, except for being a bit skinnier and more muscled. Then he lay back down on the bed and turned over so the whole of his back down to the hem of his shorts were visible.
"I don't remember much from that day, but I distinctly remember how dark and dingy this man's flat was. It smelled like damp and drugs and sex. He took me into his bedroom, and had sex with me. Even now I still remember his body above me. He smelled like cocaine and weed. He had a scar from a knife wound above and to the left of his navel. His teeth were rotten.
The rest of the evening passed on in relative silence, except for Sherlock shouting at the TV. Sherlock couldn't help but thinking about how much he would give to raise the baby with John. What would the child look like? Boy or girl? Brown curly hair or blonde straight hair? Tall or short? Would they like science, reading and the violin, or sports and socialising? The balance of probability would suggest that the child has dark curly hair and blue eyes with a skin tone leaning towards John's.
The next morning Sherlock got up feeling quite happy. It was an unusual feeling for him to feel when John wasn't around, and he took pleasure in it. He stood in front of the mirror in his bedroom, still in his pyjamas, and imagined what he would look like in the next year and a half.
"I got really bad morning sickness called hyperemesis gravidarum -or just HG- which is why I need the tube. I'm not sick."
Sherlock answered, "I don't know exactly how she is, but I know she doesn't have any injuries or the like. The kidnappers actually meant to take her friend Jasmine. Jasmine's parents are involved in drug trafficking, and Isabella was being kept at a warehouse with facilities to make cocaine and methamphetamine. Everyone is in custody." both parents gasped.
The toilets were not very nice. It became apparent that the budget of Scotland Yard was being used elsewhere considering that two of the stalls were out of order as well as one of the urinals.
"Listen, Ranger Dimmock, I don't expect you to understand, especially with how much I've left out, but suffice it to say, I fell in love and I couldn't tell him how I felt in time..."He practically growled. "Now he might never know... But my only shot is a blue moon."
I'm back~ Sorry for the delay in chapters, I had a busy September and October and while my November and December are looking to be pretty busy as well, but I hope to have this story finished before February, in a perfect world. I've started setting due dates for myself so hopefully I'll be more on track with updating. By the way, I apologize for the Moffat like cliffhanger I'm about to torture you all with, it's just the way I envision this story continuing.
It had been a couple weeks since that first time and a shocking occurrence had happened. Harry noticed that John was a little more open with her when he was relaxing in the bathtub. It started with a simple comment about how calm he was, to which he replied something about being used to some sort of assistance in the tub in the time he'd been missing.
"The pleasure is all mine, Princess Sherlock." he said through his teeth, bowing. He looked at his mother, hoping that would satisfy her, but as her eyebrow arched in expectation, he got his answer. With an annoyed sigh he turned back to Sherlock, took her hand in his own and brought it too his lips. He dropped it as quickly as he could and turned to his mother with a pleading look in his eyes.
"Are you going to continue to watch me for the duration of the time before I retire for the evening, Mr. Holmes?" Jane only asked since she knew Mrs. Hudson would be in the kitchen washing the dishes and she wouldn't intrude.
“You can give her one yourself, Murray!” John growled, finally succeeding in pulling the belt from his trousers. He wrapped it around Bill’s thigh and pulled it as tight as he could, ignoring the howl of pain that Bill let out when the tourniquet displaced more of his shattered femur. He fastened it and looked at Bill with a reassuring smile. “Now, I don’t expect you to walk, so I’m gonna carry you, alright?”
Jane nodded as she processed it all. "So because he was not born into the royal family, he can marry who he wants. How long has he been a widower?"
Exciting news! I've got a website. Why is this exciting? That's a good question, allow me to explain: you can vote! I have, on my website, a survey. This survey contains all of the planned fanfictions I want to write. For those of you who don't know, I write only three open fics at a time (right now I have four because I hate myself). When there is an open space, your vote could mean that the fic you're most excited about will be up next.
"...Fine... If this backfires and I die before you, I will embarrass you for the rest of your life in spirit." Jane warned and Molly just chuckled, going behind the curtain again and taking off her outfit to replace it with her own dress she'd picked out. It was a soft yellow with a pink ribbon but far more simple than Jane's dress.
"It was a blood flow blockage in the brain. Assuming I got to her quick enough and she drinks enough rosemary tea, she should be alright. But if she has any side effects that you notice, Mr. Holmes, I would appreciate you telling me."
"You might try one of the estates. I believe that either Mr. Moriarty or Mr. Holmes would be quite pleased to have some extra hands around their households. Though, now that I think about it, Mr. Holmes is rather particular about who he hires and his younger brother lives on the property and I hear he can be quite a handful, something about a nasty temper. If I were you, I would try the Moriarty household to start with." Mary reasoned. She hummed softly, tapping her finger against her lip in thought. "I’ll give you a boon, Ms. Watson. I happen to work in the Moriarty household as a cook. You can come with me to the estate and call upon Mr. Moriarty yourself if that suits you."
"Sherlock..." Jane was touched by his sentiment, he was now kneeling among the leaves, pressing little kisses of pure adoration to her fingers.
Sherlock coughed as he cleared the dirt from his eyes with his free hand, straining to see every blow that Moriarty tried to deliver. His eyes stung from the debris and he groaned softly. Moriarty feinted and Sherlock went to block, leaving his left side completely open. With a quick motion, Moriarty's sword connected with Sherlock's arm and Jane's voice screamed out in terror.
He could think of no place better to die. The wind was rustling the branches, and other than the occasional sound of a leaf flickering about the forest floor, it was quiet, like the area which should be teeming with life had been abandoned by its inhabitants. He sat down at the base of the tree and closed his eyes as he leaned against the trunk, just admiring the blessed silence for several minutes. Finally, his eyes fluttered open again, and he glanced wearily at a golden hue in the fog as the sun began to peak over the horizon.
The music changed and so did the tune of the violin, which was now hissing as if Sherlock's very touch were fire and it felt like he were playing the conflict in her very soul, and then as abruptly as it began it stopped and was once again replaced by the melodic voices of the trio of talented ladies. She couldn't take her eyes off her husband though, whose eyes continued to follow her as she danced around the grass.
"I don't think it's that unreasonable. Yes, I'm walking better, but it's still not a journey I would be comfortable making by myself." Sherlock reasoned, gently rubbing the wrist that Jane had sprained. It was a subtle thing he had started doing when he thought she needed more persuasion. She knew exactly what he was doing, and yet she couldn't find it in her to refuse most of the things he asked of her. Besides, a day at the market sounded refreshing since it meant there was not going to be Moriarty anywhere near them.
"Well, then let's get this over with. I'm quite looking forward to hearing your answer." Jane felt the need to hurl as he leered at her before turning to stand where the duel was to take place, taking the sword that was offered to him. Sherlock joined him, taking a sword for himself.
"John." He still winced at his name, an ever constant reminder that he wasn't home, not when his heart belonged to Sherlock.
"Well, I did tell you that you had my permission to stay here last night." Jane chuckled, sitting up and gently nudging his shoulder with her own.
He couldn’t help but wish that the tarot cards had been real. He would’ve quite liked a sense of fulfillment, a big bag of money, and maybe even the tall, dark stranger to share it with. He knew better than to dwell on fantasies, though, no matter how wonderful they sounded.
“Care to have your fortune read?” She asked in a flirtatious tone. Her voice was sweet but not at all shy. She had a really stunning face and if John thought he had so much as an ounce of a chance with her, he might’ve thrown out his current quest temporarily in favor of spending a few blissful domestic months with this woman.
"What happened to you?" the ranger asked, raising an eyebrow. John was quiet a moment, and the ranger thought he wasn't going to talk so it came as a surprise when he heard John's voice.
To say that Jane experienced a mountain of relief when she was greeted by the sight of a peacefully snoozing Sherlock next to her the following morning would be a vast understatement. She'd half been convinced she'd wake up to find that the night before had all been a dream. Although she could argue that she hadn't really seen a lot of him in the last few months, he was looking more tranquil in this blissful moment than he had ever since she had returned. She pondered whether or not that peaceful expression would vanish when he woke up.
"Yes, but the child miraculously survived. Her name is Amelia and she's just the sweetest little thing!" Molly exclaimed, spinning around with a grin.
He knew a lot of people who would make a boatload of mistakes under a high pressure situation like being crouched in a short trench while tending to the wounded with bullets flying overhead. But these were the moments when John’s thoughts were clearest. Everything made sense in the hectic war-riddled fields of Afghanistan.
"I'm back!" quickly she got out of her twenty-first century clothes and into the dress she had made. It was a soft blue, plain dress with white ribbons, which she had brought some for her hair, as well.
"You could, but that would be dull." He rolled his eyes once more, letting out an annoyed sigh. Obviously, he wasn't terribly pleased to have his question dodged, but Jane couldn't be damned to justify his quandaries with an answer, certainly not for the rude behavior she was getting from him.
As it turned out, marriage to Sherlock Holmes was actually quite lonely. While living with Molly gave Jane the constant reminder of company as long as she was home, living at Bakerfield Park left her feeling a constant gnawing absence of any sort of companionship. Sherlock's parents had moved out only three nights after their son's union. The servants barely spoke a word to her, as if fearing to invoke her wrath by talking to her. And as for Sherlock himself, she felt like she hadn't seen him in weeks. They had separate bedrooms, and he was always away on business of some sort.
He looked quite beautiful, he thought, ignoring the head of messy blonde waves that was begging for a brushing.
"Jane..." he groaned, resting his forehead on her shoulder. "I love you..." he whispered, kissing her again. She melted into it, arms wrapping around his neck to pull him closer. She couldn't help it, not when he used those words on her again.
"My house is a good six miles away. It would probably be best to just take me to Reichenbach Manor since it's closer. Moriarty won't mind me visiting unannounced." Jane paused at that, looking up at Sherlock in shock.
"Depends on what you consider bad.” Sherlock replied, looking as though he were sizing her up. She could venture a guess that meant that Moriarty had been rather specific about which of her 'assets' were his favorite. “Are you interested in him?"
Molly and Mr. Lestrade's wedding had been beautiful. The leaves were just starting to turn yellow, leaving them to look like they were gilded, and Molly's dress was a lovely lilac color that suited her well. It was Jane and Sherlock's first time meeting Amelia and though she didn't smile much, it was somehow easy to see that she was happy for her father and excited at the prospect of finally having a mother. The party lasted well through the night; Amelia turned in early, naturally, and Molly chose to put her to bed on her own volition before returning to their celebration.
By now, his heart was racing, his head was pounding, all sense of vision had blurred until all he could see was the woman he loved gazing up into his very soul and the way the room seemed to be spinning was sickening. This felt all too familiar. This felt exactly like two years ago and the horror that Jane would vanish, by door or magic, was welling up inside him, making it almost unbearable to endure the silence that filled the study, drowning him. His hand was shaking now, she’d been so quiet, what on earth could she be thinking? This wasn’t hesitation… this was something that felt worse. Was she silent because she didn’t believe him? Perhaps she wished for another heartfelt confession like the one the very first day she disappeared from his life? But would that really change anything? Slowly he released the grip on her hand, preparing to collapse in a nearby armchair before his knees gave out and his heart overcame with grief.
The violin picked up again and this time, their gazes locked and she felt her heart start pounding. It once again faded out and she twirled slowly as the music slowed and something in her settled in that moment. The lyrics suggested she could find adventure and happiness where she was and those words held more meaning than she ever expected them too. Staring at Sherlock, she couldn't imagine why she'd still gone on that daily pilgrimage to the tree that she'd been whisked to the past near, not when this had become her present. A fire fueled her spirit and she danced with more determination than before and the singers seemed to be displaying that with their voices. She spun around and around, kicked and leapt and skipped and pranced, but her eyes never left Sherlock's and then finally the sound ended and Sherlock hastily jumped off the stage as another violinist moved to take his place for awhile.
"I'm just relieved that you're alright." He said honestly. Jane chuckled softly, pinching the top of his hand in a playful manner.
Mrs. Holmes was completely supportive of Sherlock's choice in life companion, despite her bringing zero advantage to the family, besides the possibility that Sherlock would be slightly less annoyed with her as his bride over any other woman. Virginia seemed content with that, and she was. She wanted her son to be the happiest he had the potential to be since her other children insisted on making themselves suffer.
Sherlock obediently followed her inside, trying to look anywhere but at a half-decent Jane. He breathed a sigh of relief when she closed the door behind her and waited patiently on the other side of it. Within twenty minutes, Jane was stepping back into the sitting room, fully dressed and actually wearing makeup. Molly had insisted.
“Erm… well… I’ll be honest with you, Ms. Hooper… I don’t have a home in London. I have no money to my name, no clothes besides the ones that you put on my back, and no one to go to…” John stated nervously. “But I do need to stay here in Baskerville.”
Finally, I'm terribly sorry for not posting this chapter before I went on my ten day hiatus. I had every intention of doing so. I had most of it typed out and my page glitched out before I had a chance to post it, therefor destroying all of my progress right before I had to go out of town.
"It hurts how little faith you have in me." he teased, helping her into the carriage. "The driver's name is Perkins, he will drive you to your office every morning."
“I… must confess I’m unfamiliar with pregnancy symptoms…” Sherlock confessed, looking embarrassed. It was always miraculous how this man’s pale face never seemed to blush when his embarrassment was founded on a lack of knowledge in any field.
"Molly, I'm going to take Ms. Watson to see Mr. Moriarty now. I would love to see you for dinner so that we may chat. I have only seen you in church this past month and it saddens me. We used to be attached at the hip."
The stay coming off didn’t actually help John feel like he could breathe any better despite the fact that there was nothing impeding that ability now. His breath had been stolen from him from the moment he realized that he wasn’t in his own time anymore.
"Well, I did say under normal circumstances." Amanda pointed out with a small chuckle, ruffling his hair affectionately.
The young girl bit her lip. “Wait here a moment...” she murmured, walking back to the stable door and disappearing. John contemplated running back to the forest, perhaps the woman was going to get the police, and he’d been slapped with a fine for public indecency. He was about to depart but halted after a few moments, when the girl returned again with a gown and some proper undergarments that John couldn't even guess how to put on. He'd taken too long and although she hadn't come with a cop at her heels, he didn't feel like he should be here still. “Here. I know it's not much, but it's better than nothing...”
"I think it's been close to fifteen months. Let's get you back to town and I'll call your sister!" The ranger suggested and John followed quietly, bitterly. "I know you haven't been hiding in these woods for the last year and a half, so where have you been?"
"Mr. Holmes, I hope you don't mind me stopping by today- Oh, I wasn't aware that you had company." a woman in a beautiful green dress walked into the parlor, looking between the three of them.
"This is quite possibly the loosest my stay has ever been." Jane mused with a chuckle and Sherlock shot her a playful glare at her tease. She reached behind her, pulling the strings taught and retying it. "You seem to be in a very good mood today."
"Two days is more than enough time to inform a priest, select a dress for her, and I've never been particularly inclined towards floral arrangements. I would like to use grandmama and grandfather's wedding bands if you have no objections. Everyone will already be at the church since it will be Sunday. Is there anything else that concerns you?"
Upon hearing the news that Jane was with child, Mr. Moriarty’s demeanor became what could only be described as a frolicking puppy. Indeed, the man had enough enthusiasm for both of them. What Moriarty saw as an opportunity to finally help Jane return to her marriage with Sherlock, Jane saw as quite the burden. She didn’t want to force Sherlock into a relationship that he clearly did not want (if the fact that she hadn't seen the man since Moriarty's party was anything to go by), but being with child and without a husband wasn’t going to be anything but cruel to her already poor-standing reputation.
"Jane?" Sherlock looked up, concern filling his eyes. It was the first time he had called her by her first name. Mary came in and saw just in time that Jane had fallen back into Sherlock's arms from the pain.
“This dress was supposed to be yours?” Jane asked, trying her best to keep her jaw from falling to the floor. “I had no idea. Mr. Moriarty was insistent that I should wear it for the party and bought it for me… wouldn’t it have been a little short on you? It’s hardly modest for a lady to show her ankles in this day and age.”
"Oh, right, yeah. I was wondering if there was anything left to prepare for the party this evening." Jane admitted awkwardly.
“Yes, um, about that…” Sherlock cleared his throat again, trying to ignore the confused looking woman clinging to his arm. “I would officially declare the wedding canceled.”
Jane set Sherlock on the bed carefully with Greg's assistance, pulling up a chair to his wounded side. Mary came in just in time with an armful of the supplied that Jane had requested.
"He didn't get away completely unscathed either. I'm sure he's still cradling the family jewels." Jane answered, swallowing thickly and fighting off tears. "I've never been sexually harassed before..."
"I must admit, I'm terribly curious as to what it is you've been writing." he confessed, pressing an affectionate kiss to her fingers.
"You look like a puppy who just got caught eating its master's shoe. Don't tell me you feel guilty for me stepping in to protect you." Sherlock simply sat at the edge of the armchair next to his bed, avoiding Jane's gentle gaze. "Oh my god, you do feel guilty about it."
The singer suddenly picked up the pace and then a different girl sang a completely new set of notes, as people clapped to the unspoken rhythm. Molly kept up with the now much faster pace and Jane managed to do the same. The ladies switched off between their two rhythms sounding a lot like they were arguing through their music despite there being no actual words. Together they harmonized and a simple violin melody droned in the background.
"Ms. Watson got burnt by hot water." Sherlock answered, setting her down on his bed. Mary started applying some cool water to the burns. That were already revealed.
"Follow me. This isn't the place to treat a burn, especially if it's under the clothing as well." He said dutifully, picking her up carefully and carrying her up to his room. Moriarty saw the commotion since his study was on the way to Sherlock's room and got up and began to follow them.
“I… um… Sorry, if I’m invading your solitude… Moriarty’s singing right now and I needed a reprieve from that…” It wasn’t exactly a lie. In truth, she had hardly expected to find Sherlock at all. She certainly wasn’t about to sneak into his room to seek him out.
"I assume you came here for a reason." Jane stated flatly, expression somewhat annoyed. Jane Watson was anything but a morning person. She did mornings fine, usually. But not at five in the goddamn morning.
"Not at all. I know that you're more than capable of handling yourself, but even if he had, it would not change my stance on our union." Sherlock stated seriously and Jane could only stare at the man with a sense of wonderment.
Days turned to weeks, and soon a month had passed since she had opened her office and while it wasn't a steady enough income for her to justify independence from Mr. Moriarty's generosity, it did prove to be an effective way for Jane to slowly regain her confidence in herself.
"You were convinced I was having an affair and you still got me something?" He inquired, jaw slackened from its usually tight clenched position.
"I haven't been recently and I'm certain you wouldn't find documentation of my four year education there, but yes." She said, guiding his good arm over her shoulder and starting to slowly lead him back to Reichenbach Manor.
"You really are." she countered, laughter dying down. Slowly, her hand reached for his member, starting to stroke him slowly.
“Where is your home, Ms. Watson? Surely you have people worried about you. I can send them a letter informing them of your well-being.” Molly suggested, turning towards the stable doors.
“Ah! A skeptic!” She exclaimed with a bright smile. “My favorite kind of customer! I’ll give you a discount if you let me tell you your destiny…”
"Thank you, Mrs. Hudson." Jane hugged the woman for a brief moment before pulling back to look at her. "Do you need an escort home?"
"That's a great relief," she said sincerely, daring to look into his eyes. They were distant, cold, and just a little hurt. God, the way she had unintentionally left him pained her.
"What does cool mean in this instance?" His definition of cool was mostly in regards to temperature, she realized.
"Ms. Watson, you're looking as lovely as ever." Jim greeted, smirking at her. "Red is definitely your color."
"If you've taught me anything it's that a person can change a great deal in two years." Jane sighed softly, making her way out of the room and down the stairs.
How Jane had found herself in this predicament, she'd never know. She was sitting on her bed, blushing furiously as she considered the fact that she had actually agreed to have sex with Sherlock Holmes. He was probably on his way home, arriving after her because he had agreed to stay a little after the party per a request that Mr. Lestrade had.
"Thank you, likewise." Jane curtsied graciously. Mycroft was a bright shade of red embarrassment and Euros was looking around the room like an excited puppy.
"We should go to the base. We haven't been since she got here." Mike suggested as they wandered around the courtyard.
He ducked towards her, mouth seeking out her nipples to suck and nibble at. Jane let out moans as he caressed her chest relentlessly, slowly trailing his lips downward. His tongue ravished her, fingers slipping inside her with the intention of making her lose herself in the pleasure. Jane keened and cried out, hips rutting against her will and Sherlock's eager tongue persisted, lapping at her folds until she could take no more attention and she was practically begging him to give her a second.
“Erm… Ms. Hooper?” He began, once against finding himself wincing at the lovely feminine voice that he now had. The bed shifted as Molly turned to look at Jane curiously.
"What do you mean?" Sherlock swallowed thickly at the question, cheeks burning hot with embarrassment.
"None of what you just said made any resemblance of sense to me." Sherlock grumbled, putting on his boots and rubbing his ribs protectively.
"Don't worry about it, Jane. I'm sure you'll know soon enough." Molly had a mischievous smirk on her face and Jane blushed and threw a pillow at her friend.
"I must say, Ms. Watson, it's so comforting to know that I'm not on your bad side, that being said, I would be very grateful if you would let me know if I stray too close to that boundary."
"Having regrets?" Jane asked seriously, trying to disguise the hurt in her voice but it was too early in the morning for her to be much good at it. Sherlock's face shot up from the pillow and a soft expression replaced his embarrassed one.
"Wouldn't be the first time you and I shared a bed, husband." Sherlock buried his face in a nearby pillow, Jane assumed it was to hide his blush. She playfully ruffled his hair before relaxing back into the mattress and drifting off to sleep.
She knew where Moriarty would most likely be: his study. She made her way there, saw the door was open and realized that walking into that room without announcing herself was a bad idea far too late.
“I… wait!” Sherlock reached for her hand, but Jane didn’t look back at him, trying her best to brace herself for whatever he was about to say. “I love you.”
"I don't think I'll ever risk not seeing him again... That tree... I'll avoid it if I ever make it back to Sherlock..."
“If you pull this stay any tighter, you might crack my ribs, Ms. Hooper...” Jane warned, trying to learn the technique of breathing in the suffocating garment down. After a moment, he got the hang of it. Molly then helped him with the overdress. It was a drab brown, not much different from the one that Ms. Hooper was wearing. He found himself looking down at his figure and muttering another thank you to the girl who had decided to aid him.
"Jim." Jane repeated, suddenly feeling the strong urge to either find a window to hurl herself out of or simply to just hurl. "Is that all?"
"You live here?!" Jane asked incredulously, turning to look between Sherlock and the impressive house before her.
"Jane! You're a mess and-" Mary's expression of shock only intensified when she caught sight of her companion. "Mr. Holmes! I'll go fetch my master right away." She quickly rushed towards the study.
The woman in question that he had fallen so utterly in love with this evening was none other than Ms. Jane Lestrade, who had spent a majority of the evening conversing with his sister, Harriet. He would watch her with a dumb smile on his face whenever the two of them would burst out laughing.
“Sorry, love, I can’t read specific details, palm reading doesn’t work like that.” The woman said, patting his hand apologetically.
"Mary, since this is an off-the-shoulder dress, do you think you could fix my hair to cover my scar? I'm not terribly keen on displaying it tonight."
"That would be me." Jane muttered with a small blush as Sherlock used her own argument against her. She stood up and offered her hand to Sherlock to help him up. He gladly accepted, carefully getting to his feet and allowing her to help support him when he needed it.
“And you’ve experienced all of these?” Sherlock’s cheeks had been brushed with a light pink and Jane realized with her own blush that Sherlock was looking at her well-covered chest. She nodded and as if they had both been touched by fire, they looked away from one another awkwardly.
"I'm not going in there with you," she stated firmly. Jim was surprised for a moment before realizing the implications of his actions and sighing heavily.
"Should I start calling you John when we're in private, then?" he wondered aloud, pulled back just enough to catch her eye. Jane groaned, shaking her head.
"Thank you so much for this, Mary. I hope you get to have some fun this evening too." Jane said sincerely and Mary chuckled.
A flash of light and a loud crack, followed by a yell of pain had John sprinting towards it in an instant. It was a voice he knew, it was the voice of his best friend, Bill Murray. The sight that awaited him when he got there was one that broke his heart.
"Oh, um, it's nothing to worry about." Jane assured, forcing a smile. "I just limp when the weather gets cold." it was a bold lie, but hopefully he wouldn't notice. He must've accepted her answer because he didn't press the matter further.
"Mama, who's coming?" he asked, looking up at her with creased brows. It was indeed very rare for them to greet anybody at the steps of the palace. Most guests had to petition an audience to meet with his mother, even when Lord Lestrade, his mother's advisor, returned from his travels, the man would meet her in the throne room.
"I don't think it's going to be an iss-oh... I suppose I could be wrong..." He gritted his teeth together and squeezed her ankle gently as she rotated his foot carefully. There was a little resistance, but nothing that could be cause for alarm. "What's the diagnosis?"
In the morning, she had been on the way to the dining room for breakfast when she heard a knock on the door. Being the closest to the door she decided to answer it herself. On the other side she found Mr. Lestrade who looked surprised to see her despite he taking up residence there three months ago.
"I suppose that's true. But can you blame me for my shit guesses, you've not given me much to go on." John was quiet, considering his sister a moment.
"I can take her back at the end of summer, but this seems like the safest place for her while we get the kingdom back on its feet." he explained shakily. "I'll also stay a few days to help her get situated. It would be rude of me to drop her off with you."
"I've missed you too, Mrs. Hudson," Jane admitted, a tentative but joyful smile appearing on her lips.
"Moriarty's interested in you, and you are not with him. Does that make you feel uncomfortable working for him?"
"Allow me to explain." he pleaded, blushing brightly. "Moriarty was... I don't want to say molesting you, but that was exactly what he was doing. I confronted him about it and he stated that he planned on marrying you. I know your disdain towards the man so in an attempt to get him to stop pursuing you, I lied."
"Listen here, God, what the hell is the meaning of this shit, hmm? Is this punishment for taking my life for granted? Lesson learned. Change me back. I want to go home." he shouted to the silence of the forest, and silence was indeed all he received. His shouting had startled all nearby birds mute. John plopped down on the forest floor, panic starting to overtake him. He wasn't going home.
"I am not adorable!" he protested, but her laughter was contagious and so the words came out along with his own chuckles.
"Yes. An elder brother and a younger sister as well. However, I don't exactly need their permission on the subject." he joked, hoping to get her to smile at least a little. It worked, at least for a moment.
"I don't know. I don't really keep up with that stuff. Sounds like you've heard that silly local legend."
Finally, she set the quill down, leaning back in her chair and stretching. Sherlock raised a brow, looking at her curiously.
"Lord Stamford, I shouldn't have to be telling you this, but that was not a very nice thing to say." a stern voice said behind them.
"Well... lets just say that he'll think twice before forcing himself on a girl again. My knee may have collided rather forcefully with the juncture between his legs."
"Well, since this is my first check up with Molly, I'm gathering as much information as I can so I can better prepare for her pregnancy. For example, you'll both be happy to know that the baby is in the right position." Jane informed with a smile, pressing her ear against Molly's abdomen to listen for a heartbeat.
Jane thought for sure that the chaos of the day before would be the last time she'd ever see Sherlock Holmes, which had her feeling relieved. She didn't want to imagine the consequences if Holmes suddenly decided that he didn't want to cover for her anymore.
"Damn your detestably smart brain." Jane grumbled, sighing and getting up to open the door, but not without first grabbing a pillow to hug to her chest.
"No! No, no no, no! Sherlock!" He let out anxious cries that he knew the man would not hear. That had been centuries ago. Sherlock Holmes was long gone from this spot and John's misery grew at this fact.
Sherlock blushed with embarrassment and nodded, sighing heavily. "Do you actually have any medical experience?"
"Of course not. The last week has been spent getting the place furnished and stocked for you." Moriarty stated as if it was obvious and her eyebrows furrowed once more.
"When I am not recovering from both a wrist and ankle sprain, yes." Sherlock joked, amused by Jane's genuine shock to the enormity of his wealth.
"Don't be daft. If I hated you, why would I request that you be put in charge of my care?" He asked, bothering to look at least moderately confused.
Most notable was the violinist of the band, a messy head of ebony curls and a face she knew all too well as her husband's. Sherlock Holmes was in attendance and he was busying himself by playing the instrument he'd received from her at Christmas. He played it beautifully, too. Sure, the other instrumentalists were playing as well, but Jane was solely honed in on the way the violin sung under the careful, focused fingertips of a man who continued to surprise her this evening.
The words sent a jolt of excitement through her. Finally, something exciting, she could tell by the urgency in his voice. Was he in danger? God, she'd give anything to fight off a wolf or something with a stick. Anything to break the tedium that came with manners, and etiquette, and the dull day-to-day life she had somehow grown accustomed to.
"I understand that you are aggravated with me. I apologize for my hasty decisions; they were wrong of me."
"I'm being serious." Molly stated firmly from the other side of the curtain as she handed the seamstress gold for the dress.
"I learned at King's College in London." Jane stated, standing up and once again straightening out her dress before offering her hand to him. "I recommend putting all of your weight on your good foot when I pull you up."
"You should change into something more worthy of a day on the town, Mrs. Holmes. We're going out," he suggested, excitement lighting his eyes.
Jane paused, swallowing thickly. She slowly looked over her shoulder at Sherlock who had obviously stood from his chair, the book that had been in his lap, indelicately displayed on the floor by his foot.
"Mrs. Hudson is having a stroke," Jane informed sternly. "Help me carry her to a sofa. She needs to lay down."
His tongue darted out of his mouth and started trailing her slit slowly, like he was putting every detail to memory.
"Yeah... That's been my name for the past year and a half..." John murmured, clenching a fist and trying to fight tears.
"Truth be told he had it built for you before you vanished. He couldn't imagine that you enjoyed spending your days cooped up in that dark old manor of his. So he built this place with the intention that you branch out as a physician. Of course, then you disappeared..." A pang of guilt hit her full force as she looked around the room, tears threatening to spill down her cheeks once more.
"Не знам ништа!" (I don't know anything!) Sherlock yelled in Serbian. It was always the same with this torturer, a back and fourth of
Sherlock finished the story. "I was told when I was a teenager that I can't father children. It was also said to me that I might be able to, well, mother them. Long story short, I am three months pregnant as a surrogate and egg donor for John and Mary."
"Are you ready?" John asked him. They both sat at the table, Sherlock at the head and John next to him.
"John wait, I'm serious!" Sherlock shouted, panicked by his best mate's wrong interpretation of his suggestion. He stood up and walked swiftly over to the door way, blocking John's path out of the situation.
The news man smiled politely. "But as I understand it, you are not the one who is pregnant, are you Mary?"
"Yes. I told you it wouldn't hurt. You can go and change back into your clothes now and be on your way. Don't forget the progesterone, I've given you enough for two weeks there. You can inject that stuff into your arms as well so that should be easier pain-wise. After twelve days you need to come back and we will do a blood pregnancy test. Don't take any home pregnancy tests, because they probably won't give you an accurate reading. I'm sorry but I've got to go now, there's another patient waiting. Good luck, Sherlock." she walked out quickly, clipboard in hand.
"Two grown men, sleeping in the same bed together, one of them half-naked? People are going to talk."
"You're not dying are you? I know the other day you said that you got the result you wanted or something from the doctor, but you look awful. You've lost weight and you've got a tube down your nose! What's that for by the way?"
"Let's wait to see if I get pregnant the first time, and then we will tell them. Oh, and who's Greg?"
Sure enough he found his boxers and his pyjama trousers stained with dark red blood. Sherlock was expecting to start menstruating in about another month or so, so unfortunately hadn't purchased and pads or tampons. He thought about his options, which consisted of John, Mary, or Mrs. Hudson. His watch read 3:15 am, so he couldn't exactly ask Mrs. H to buy him tampons without a reason, and now was not the time to come out to his eighty year old landlady. Mary would most likely know more about which brands to buy than John, so Mary it is.
"That's perfect. Now, because of your situation, I want you to come in here every day for blood tests and ultrasounds. You now need to stop drinking anything caffeinated, no alcohol, no sex, and no heavy exercise. Walking is fine though. In eleven days' time we will give you a different injection to help the eggs mature, and on the thirteenth day we will hopefully be harvesting. Any questions?" She directed the question to everyone.
"This is your last chance to say no. If you conceive then you'll have to follow through for the next nine months."
getting back together! What...no... I'm sorry I'm going to have to call you back." Lestrade pressed his phone screen then turned it face down on the desk. His eyes went up to Sherlock's face and then immediately scrunched up with worry.
"It's Greg. And please don't come to any more crime scenes if you don't feel up to it. I can drop things by your house if you like, or email and text-" Sherlock interrupted him.
Sherlock continued. "I told them that I would carry their baby for them. At first they thought I was mocking their situation, (which for the record, is something I would never do), but then I explained."
"Oh my god it's you! My friend Jazzy is crazy about you! She reads all of John's posts on the blog and follows all of the news about you two. She will be so jealous when I tell her I met you!"
Sherlock watched the man's face change into a practiced appearance of sympathy. "You have my sincerest condolences."
"I'm afraid that there was no plan, John. You couldn't feel a pulse because I didn't have a pulse. I don't remember you even coming near me, because I wasn't alive, John, I'm sorry. I had to make sure you were safe, so I did what Moriarty asked. I died."
"Excuse me, are you Mrs. Grayson?" Sherlock had gone straight to the parent's house. He decided he would make an effort in this particular case to be kind to the family.
"I think we should ask for an interview soon." Sherlock said. He and John sat at Speedies because Sherlock had a craving for pastries.
