“What’re you making, then?” Cas looks at the list with interest, trying to read it upside down before Dean pulls it back towards himself.
There was no bad dream to run from, but it didn’t make the experience any less jarring.
Cas thought he saw a little bit of shame cross Dean’s face, but it was just a heartbeat of a moment, and then his face fell back into the mask that Cas had come to know.
“Are you insinuating that you would be okay with dying after the movie?” Benny asks, eyebrows raised at her.
“You okay?” Dean asked, looking over at him.
Dean is so stunned by the words that he can’t form a coherent comeback.  Because not only is it the shittiest thing he’s heard since high school but it confirms the terrible fear that had curled its hands around Dean’s mind: he is not good enough for Cas.  And it wasn’t even true, the tiny voice of reason in his mind screams from the dark corner that Dean had stuffed it: he has a great job, a successful job doing something that he really loves.
Sometimes Cas would be up all night, darning or reading or listening to the all too poignant
“Dean.”
“Just fine.  Enjoying the nice day.  Celebrating.”
“You don’t though, we’re just going to the movies.”
There’s a thrumming, humming in his body.  It ebbs and flows like the wave of an ocean, it crests and falls and rises again.  For as long as he could remember, that feeling had been there, and he had spent a lot of years trying to force it into a little part of himself, so there was no room for the ebb and flow, no room for the crest, no room for the change.  He hid it away in fear of the low tide.  He used to think that’s what made him strong, the ability to keep that part of himself hidden, away from change.  But now he’s realized that the wave is just as much a part of him as anything else, and that he’s not a boat that’s getting rocked in a roiling sea, but the actual wave itself, and that he was ever-changing, fluid like water, like the ocean that crashes outside Cas’ house.  And for the first time in his life, he’s okay with that, and he’s ready to roll with whatever changes come his way.
“Where are we right now?  This place looks like it could be from the 80s.”
His apartment feels lonely without Sam there, but he’s at work and Dean knew he’d say the same thing Charlie, Pamela, and Benny did, “you aren’t cancelling this date.”  Sometimes he wished his friends didn’t care so much about his goddamn love life.
“I don’t know,” Cas had no idea why he couldn’t talk at a normal volume, but it felt like it would be far too loud, “My eyes are falling down.”
Dean half-smiled.
“Can I tell you something?” Cas asks, voice a little small.
Street station, and Dean immediately feels his heart do a weird twitch that makes him feel like he’s having a heart attack, especially since Castiel used a heart emoji which, is that normal pre first date etiquette?  Dean has no idea, but then again, they’ve kissed before their first date so they weren’t really following the rules anyway.  Whatever, Dean’s always been a rule breaker.
“Here you are.”
Before Dean can answer, the waiter comes by, and he knows Castiel by name, giving him a hug and asking if he wants “the usual” as he brings a wine list for each of them.  Dean likes wine, don’t get him wrong, but he usually just buys a box of Franzia for him and Sam that lasts them a couple of weeks (less if Charlie comes over for movie night).  He looks down the list and recognizes exactly nothing, especially since there are like thirty different versions of each wine. (How on earth can there be four versions of Chardonnay?).  He’s sort of panicking, because as stupid as it is, he does want to impress Castiel and doesn’t want to pick a bad wine.  Oh god, he’s so juvenile.
“Risa,” Cas said, looking at her pleadingly.
“And your father?”
“Any proof?  The fact that you come in two minutes when I fuck you?  Or maybe just how good you are at giving head.  Sorry to break it to you, but straight men don’t suck dick like you do.”
“Don’t forget that picture,” Dean calls after him, earning him a thumbs up from Benny as the door swings shut.  Dean spends the next half an hour cleaning up the shop, the nightly ritual completed a little early, until he starts getting incessant texts from Charlie, all threatening to tear up his comic collection if he didn’t get his ass home.  He sighs, resigning himself to a horrible hangover in the morning and starts the really unbelievably beautiful walk back towards the apartment.  He loves New York in the fall, the beautiful leaves, the breezy weather, it was the perfect time to live here.  He hums as he heads up their block, the orange and black decorations adorning the entrances, little kids already running around in costumes.  This was nice, like actually kinda perfect.
Anger is bubbling in Dean’s gut again, because Cas talking this way is just wrong, he shouldn’t feel this way, not when he’s…anything but boring, fuck, he’s everything.  He’s literally everything and Dean doesn’t know how to say that, he doesn’t know how to tell Cas that, how to put his heart out there and not get it shattered into ten million pieces.
“You always eat too fast though, I was starving to death.”
“He does like to go all out,” Cas sighs as Dean parks the car, careful to stay about ten feet away from the classic Aston Martin in front of him.
So he was probably rich as fuck.  New York City man, you couldn’t throw a rock without hitting someone who probably had a yacht in the Hamptons or something.
“Bet that wasn’t the only thing that was amazing.”
“Well, you’re the first ones in.  Well, second, my siblings came in first.  You were right Dean, they loved it,” Cas can’t hide his happiness, and Dean can feel it infecting all of them, especially after so many weeks of anxiety over the crowd, his family, the placement of the art, all that was replaced by sheer joy radiating from his every pore, “Take a walk, let me know if you need anything.  We’re about to let them in so…I’ll see you later.”
“If I didn’t know better I’d say you looked like you’re about to pass out.”
“Well it’s not like the last big event I went with him to was a big success.”
“Really?” said Cas, “You need me to spell it out for you?”
He’s cruising along, just about to switch the tape from Metallica to Motorhead, when something catches his eye.  It’s a little turnoff, almost hidden in the trees, but the sign where the mailbox should be (guess there’s no USPS in Heaven) says C. Winchester.  He rolls to a stop and throws it in reverse, not really thinking about why exactly, but just feeling the kind of pull that told him he needs to see whatever was at the end of this road.
“Dean, it’s not like we lived there.  And Ben’s cool, but I’ll see him at school and stuff.  Mostly I just hope you’re happy, you know.  It seemed like the most that you and Lisa did was fight anymore, and that isn’t a good way to spend a relationship.”
“Thank you,” he whispers, and then Dean is ushered out of the room by Benny and Charlie, who are starting to get on edge themselves.
Cas sighed.  It would delight him to make Dean miserable for a little while, but that just wasn’t in his makeup.  He reached out and touched Dean’s face.  Dean twitched a little as Cas’ fingers ran over the yellowing bruises on his cheek and nose, the only remaining sign of their fight.
“Any hot guys?” Charlie’s wiping down her chair, obviously trying not to inhale the chemicals of the Clorox wipe.  Dean snorts.
“I also think that Serafina getting to heal and the circle that the rose tattoo itself goes in is really cool.”
“Oh.  Met at one of his gallery openings.”
“And that warrants a three-thousand-dollar bail?”
“We’re together, right?  Like,
Dean watches as Cas pulls out Charlie’s hair dryer and works on styling his new hair.  It ends up looking better than either of them expected it to, Dean really was getting better at the hair dyeing.
“But you get what I’m saying.  I care that you’re happy, and you didn’t seem that happy.”
The shop is, of course, busy, as it always seems to be nowadays.
“Okay.”
Dean twists around and stares at him.
“Don’t let Cas keep you up too late.”
His sleep deprivation makes him snappy, so everyone ends up walks on eggshells around him, waiting to get chewed out for breathing too loud.  It wasn’t fair and Dean knew it, but he hadn’t slept in like two and a half weeks, so he was in a bad mood, sue him.
Charlie is picking at a guitar, letting the notes hang in the air, and she stares at Dean upside down, grinning.
“So what’s going on with you and Cas?”
“Yeah, yeah I’m really happy.”
“It’s, um, it’s a botany club in Central Park.  We go out and study the local plant life, talk about it.  It’s fun.”
“Dean, I’m not an angel anymore.”
“Now now children, don’t fight,” Charlie separates them with her hands, “Dean can you concentrate?  I don’t want to die before we see this movie.”
“I am hangry, what took you so long?”
He doesn’t know how Shock Television’s popularity has skyrocketed so fast, but it has, and Dean can barely squeeze in the door, with his sweaty hands and his racing heart.  He forces his way towards the bar, where he can at least see the stage, and he can see Charlie and Benny.  And he can see Cas.  It had been about a month since their last run in, and Dean had only spent every waking second thinking about it.
They fall asleep facing each other, Cas curled into Dean, his hands wrapped around Dean’s forearms, pulling him as close as he could.  And as he drifts off, Dean traces the still-healing ink on Cas’ side, the fallen angel with its bloody wings, and he revels in the feeling of rightness that permeates the air when he’s with Cas.
“Then I’ll be in touch.  Let me know your schedule and we can plan for next week.”
“The sooner we go the sooner we can come back.”
Dean knew he wasn’t going to get away that easily, he never could when it came to Charlie.
Dean makes enough eggs and bacon to feed a small army, and they eat in front of the TV, watching the last of the parade and then the National Dog Show, which Dean also shamelessly loves.  If he doesn’t think about being watched, it’s a normal day, and when they carry everything downstairs, where Ellen had put four tables together and covered them in one of her nice tablecloths, Dean is really really excited for everyone to taste everything.
“Wash your hands you filthy animal.”
“Fuck me, Dean.”
“You raised him, it’s understandable,” Cas’ hand reaches for Dean’s and Dean takes it automatically, feeling the tightness in his chest ease at the feel of Cas’ strong, warm hand in his.  He still wasn’t used to it, wasn’t used to having Cas to wake up to in the morning, having Cas hold him at night, having someone that understood him so fully, inside and out.
Sam turned back to Dean, looking smaller than ever even though he was a foot taller than Dean, had been since he was sixteen.
“That so?  What did you have in mind?”
They walk to the door and go down the elevator together, and if they make out a little on the way down, no one needs to know about that but them.
Dean responds by kissing him again, pulling him close, learning and relearning the geography of Cas’ mouth.
Dean looks around, incredulous.
“Well I’m lucky to have him, this project has been his life for so long, it’s amazing to actually see it up.”
“Cas?” he croaks out, fumbling blindly for the light by his bedside, trying to make sure this wasn’t another perfect dream.
, turning up the volume every time Dean groans from the floor.
“Bold today.  I still can’t believe you get your burger with a mushroom instead of an actual burger.  What about you, Charlie?”
Cas watched his breath make fog in the cold air, the tiny particles from his breath too warm for the freezing air.  He had never been in one place long enough to appreciate the swirling eddies of hot mixing with cold, two opposites being forced to come together.  Dean watched him breathe harder and longer, trying to make the stream of fog go as long as he could.
“Well if I educate you on Westerns you can educate me on your alien movie,” Dean is kind of amazed, this is literally some of the best food he’s ever had, and the company isn’t half bad either.  Once again, he finds it so easy to talk to Castiel, he doesn’t feel like he needs to put up all the walls he usually does, which will probably bite him in the ass, but he finds that he doesn’t much care.
“I talk to people every day, Sam.”
“Yes.”
“What?”
That laugh again, god it makes Dean feel like someone’s filling him up with warm liquid, from his toes to where their fingers meet.  They’re holding contact for way way longer than normal, and it’s so awkward but really hot and Dean really really wanted to stay there and hang out in this dark corner of this fancy art gallery with this guy whose dark hair he could easily keep messing up and whose eyes burned him like the sting of a tattoo needle.  Before Dean does something very stupid in front of Sam, he breaks the handshake and gives Castiel one last smile before turning to Sam and heading towards the door.
“It’s fine.  The theatre is up my ass at all times about it, and the director is just a complete douchebag, but it should do well.”
building from where they were.  He was fucked up, but he had the greatest family you could ever ask for, and when Pamela handed him a red solo cup filled with sangria, he accepted it gratefully, his heart feeling lighter than it had in weeks, months really.
“Okay, okay, lay off me.”
“I’ve got you, I’m here the whole way.”
“I don’t even know what that means.”
Dean feels Castiel’s eyes on him, but maybe this was a sign, getting pulled away right before he was about to do something he couldn’t undo.  So, like the coward he probably is, he pulls away from Castiel, and stands, wobbling to face Charlie and Sam.
“Boyfriend?  Wow.”
“I just really liked the way it made me feel like I was at the beach, you know?  Like the sand and the sound of the waves and the way they walked on the set, I really felt like I was there, not in a seat in a theatre, you know?”
“Morning,” Charlie smiles back through a mouthful of pie, “Good night?”
Cas pauses and lets out a long breath, running a hand through his hair before locking eyes with Dean.
He tells her about the agreement, never talk about it, never let anyone know that it was in place, only sleep together after a breakup.
“That’s right, you didn’t lose it until you were nineteen,” Cas laughs a little, “What, you embarrassed that your brother might get some before you did?”
“You were fucking a cop while he’s on duty and then you punched him in the face?  What the fuck Cas?”
Then they start to play, and Dean forgets how awkward he is and how weird he feels about everything and just watches.  All three of them are so intensely in their element it makes the entire room feel electric, and Dean sings along to all the songs, because he was one of the ones that heard them first.  He’s not a hipster or anything, but he can’t help but feel pretty proud to have loved this band since they started playing in the apartment four years ago, after Charlie and Benny had bet Dean ten dollars that Cas wouldn’t agree to join their band (Dean lost, obviously).
_________
“Ah Dean, like that,” Cas sighs as Dean bites at his vibrating throat, he’s stunningly beautiful like this, Dean can’t ever get over how fucking good he is, how hard he gets when he’s with Cas, how much he loves fucking Cas.
“It seems I overestimated my siblings,” he spits, tossing his coat in the coat closet, not seeming to care that it fell on a heap on the floor.
“Then don’t tease me and get on with it.”
“Extremely.”
“Okay, okay,” Dean tries to quiet the raucous laughter from Charlie and Benny that rose up at Sam’s words, “We did not break up ten times.”
to pass the time, the familiar sounds of “Custard Pie” drifting from the speakers.
“Have you considered-”
Cas didn’t answer.  He knew he was in the wrong but he didn’t want to back down.  It was always almost impossible to just let go of an argument with Dean.  They always wanted to hold onto the issue until the bitter end.
“Get out, Cas.  And don’t come over here again.”
“Dean, are you still with me?” Cas’ voice comes from his shoulder and Dean shakes his head, pulling himself out of his thoughts.  Cas is staring at him, one eyebrow raised, beer halfway to his mouth.
Well.  That was bold.
“You hate that sushi place.  Like, hate hate it.  If you’re suggesting we go there for dinner I must look really pathetic.”
“Well it is winter,” Cas deadpanned back.  Dean looked a little concerned but refrained from saying any more.  He ushered Cas into the kitchen and sat him down for interrogation.
“Or we can just stay here,” Sam eyes Dean hopefully, he hates clothes shopping.
“Risa needs you.”
It’s sorta embarrassing, he feels like a girl, but when Cas’ face splits into a smile as bright as the sun itself, that worry vanishes.
“You want me to walk you to work?” Cas smirks, dodging the fork Dean launches at his head.
“That’s really great Sam,” Charlie grips his arm, smiling brightly up at him.
“You’re probably right,” Cas says, stretching, “Can I convince you to come home with me tonight?”
“I was serious about that trade,” Cas whispers.
“We had an agreement.  I do what I like, you do what you like-”
“Fuck off.  I gotta order Lisa some flowers and beg her to have dinner with me tonight.”
“I know it’s the car, you don’t have to keep dating me to visit it.”
____________________________
So here he stands, in front of his closet, looking for…something that would make him look totally cool and wasn’t something that was going to make him wish that he was dead in a couple of hours when they had to wait half an hour for the train.
“I love you Dean, and you’re the most amazing guy I know, but you’ve never been able to accept that you, who you are, is just enough.  And that’s cool we’re all on different journeys you know, but this whole ‘I didn’t deserve him because of what I did when I was sixteen,’ which by the way, is not as big of a stain as you seem to think it is, I don’t know, it’s dumb.  But I see you from an outside perspective, I’m not in your head.  And if you really think that you’re not good enough for him, for…for that guy in Chicago, for Lisa, I can’t fix it, they can’t fix it, only you can.  And I’m not going to sit here and call it easy, it’s not, but you know.  Sometimes certain people are worth that.”
Cas picks up his phone, running his hand through his hair distractedly as he reads an email; lips moving silently, forming the words, trying to make his brain keep working, even though it clearly needed a break.
Ash’s laughter echoes in his ears as he walks towards the Impala.
“You don’t have to lie you know?” Anna says smoothly, setting down her wine glass and standing, giving Dean the kind of once-over that makes him sick to his stomach.  He wants to run.
So uh.......what's Dean hiding huh???  ANYWHO hello we back with a CHRISTMAS chapter!  Also some ~angst~ bc we all know my boi Dean knows nothing else.  I'd love to know your thoughts of course, ilu all sm <3
“Don’t.  We’re gonna, I’m gonna get you out of this.”
“But seriously,” Pamela is back to work, and Dean doesn’t hate the feeling as much as he thought he would, “If it scares the shit out of you, maybe that’s the growth you’ve been looking for.”
There are balloons outside of Ellen’s, and a big banner that Dean and Benny had nearly broken their necks hanging the day before.
Dean looked back at the car.  Their eyes met.
“Yeah well, neither of us are really great with feelings.”
“Hell yeah, I haven’t been to a good one in months.  There are no good ones around us.”
“You know that’s bullshit, don’t you?”
Dean closes his eyes at the words, letting them wash over him like a warm shower.  He had never really thought he deserved anything, but he was starting to understand that, whether he deserved the party or the family and friends he had, he might, just maybe, deserve Cas.
Dean swigs the last of his whiskey and reaches behind the bar for the bottle.  It’s New Year’s Eve, he’s allowed.
“Okay, maybe I am rustier than I thought.”
“Go have a nice weekend, take a load off.”
“It means that I hide the fact that I’m fucking boring by being in a punk band and dyeing my hair thirty different colors and having piercings and tattoos.  I do it because I’m boing, and I’m terrified that one day everyone is going to figure that out, they’re going to figure out that I’m not worth shit and that I’m fucking boring, and then they’ll…”
“Not me.”
“Okay, well just-”
Cas leans forward and presses his lips into Dean’s hair.  It’s a simple gesture, something that they usually don’t do unless the other is really fucked up.  So Dean must be really fucked up.
“And you see that with Lisa?”
Dean rolls his eyes, but there’s no malice to Cas’ words, he looks more concerned than anything else.
Dean leans back into the worn fabric of the couch, struggling to find breath, struggling to think of anything but Cas and that guy.  The image of them is burned into his mind, like someone branded it to his subconscious, and he can’t close his eyes without seeing them, without hearing him call him Cas.
Dean stops, fully stops in his tracks, because the words are so soft, they’re so…pained, it’s not anything he’s ever seen from Cas, and he thought he had seen everything from Cas.
“I wouldn’t have asked if I couldn’t handle it, and I think you and I are past first date small talk.”
“Dean,” Charlie sits down on one side of the couch, Sam on the other, squishing him in a sandwich, “At least you went over there, now you don’t have to do the what if dance forever.  I’m proud of you, we both are.”
Cas smirks and nods, heading up their little stairs and onto the street, walking in the direction of the nearest station.  Dean watches until he’s out of sight, not even registering the fact that his toes were going numb, the warmth in his chest too hot to notice anything else.
He shows Dean his phone, where stoic Gadreel made a pretty impassioned plea, saying he and Samandriel wouldn’t survive the day without him.
“So that new song.”
“Ugh I’m so glad you’re here!  He’s so grumpy in the mornings and Sam and Eileen aren’t up yet so I’ve just been hanging out with him watching TV on mute.  Come sit down!”
“About three, you heading to the bedroom?”
“Oh, uh, yeah.  Right.”
Dean sighs as he heads out the door, letting it shut behind him.  He did need luck for that.
Dean tunes out the chatter and swipes through Instagram for a while, waiting for his client to show up, letting himself wake up, so the burning itch of being awake after too little sleep leaves him as the caffeine works its way through his veins.
Cas cards his hands idly through Dean’s hair, and Dean wants to pull him onto his lap.
Cas leans against him as he reaches for more ice, and Dean tries not to look at the skin of his neck, which is slightly shiny from sweat and flushed this intoxicatingly pretty pink color.  Dean has to physically stop himself from leaning forward and kissing the tendons and the muscles that contract and relax as Cas laughs at a joke that Dean doesn’t even remember telling.
Cas is staring at Dean with a funny look on his face, which is weird because Dean knows every single one of Cas’ expressions, so to surprise him is kinda like surprising the dictionary with a new word: it just doesn’t happen.
They stay up too late watching random episodes that Cas picks, occasionally pausing so he can write something down, send an email, or otherwise panic about some tiny detail of the gallery that Dean has to talk him down from.  He really believed that it would be a success, Charlie had been telling every single person in her “Be Gay, Do Crimes” Facebook group that it was happening, they had all banded together to do some serious poster designing, and had put it up in the shop, at Sam’s office, at all their favorite bars.  They were going to make it a success if it killed them, and Cas was so fucking talented and good at these things that Dean wasn’t sure he needed their help, though he was always glad to give it.
“You remember that trip we all took to the Tetons that summer?”
.  He lays back on his bed, listening to Luke nearly get got by a Wampa and getting saved by Han.  Dean sort of wishes he was a Bantha, because then he wouldn’t have to deal with any of this shit.
Cas takes a step towards Dean, almost unconsciously.  His brain has almost turned off, all he can see is Dean, he isn’t even thinking about what he’s saying.
Dean hates things like this.  Sam should be thanking his lucky stars that Dean is the greatest big brother in the whole universe and agreed to come with him. An art gallery opening in swanky rich midtown Manhattan is not how he wants to spend his night off of work, thank you very much.  Not only that, but Sam had grumbled at him until he had changed from ripped up jeans into
“What’re you into then, Dean, what’s kinky for you?”
“You’re lucky I’m driving.”
“You’re really making me believe you right now.”
Eight.
“My point still stands.”
“Excuse me, aren’t you supposed to be doing some green bean snapping?”
It was midmorning by the time they placed Bobby on the pyre and Dean threw his lighter on the wood.  They stood there for over an hour, Dean simply watching the flames flicker into ash.  Cas didn’t say anything, it’s not like there was anything to say, but he took Dean’s hand, just to be there for him.  Dean didn’t say anything, but pressed a light, barely there kiss to Cas’ temple.
Past Dean climbed into the truck with Cas, and Cas knew that his Dean had fucked him in the back of the truck as a power play, to even let his past self know who Cas belonged to.
“You can, at least, I hope you can.  I’m looking to get something done.”
“Lucifer is here, now.  I know the block and I know the building.”
“Dean, I am not a child,” Cas said, wildly missing the sand target with his pistol.
“What happened to you?” she repeats, holding his face so he meets her eyes.  She knew he couldn’t lie to her if he looked her in the eye.
“I’m the one that’s supposed to give advice, I’m the big brother.”
As if in answer to Dean’s question, Cas pushed forward onto his hands and knees, getting in Dean’s space, pressing their lips together, reacting vehemently when Dean sighs into his mouth.  Cas tongue is soft and tastes like gin, Dean wrinkles his nose at the taste.
The brows don’t unknit with his words, so Dean reaches out and places his thumb gently on the space between Cas’ eyebrows, trying to smooth with physical touch.
“How was your day?” he asks her after they order appetizers and drinks.
“Dad used to do this for me and Sam when we were kids.  Could entertain us both for hours.”
Cas learns every inch of Dean’s body, but not in a way that makes Dean want to shy away from him, the heat of his gaze is both warm and calming and sets his skin on fire, making him half twist around.
“What do you want?” Cas positively coos, running a hand through Dean’s hair, “You want me?  or you wanna do me first?”
“Oh I’m sorry, I didn’t realize we were on Mars.”
“We’ll have to all meet for dinner sometime, I’d love to get to know you better.”
Eileen shows up around two, smiling shyly and carrying a bottle of wine and a container of roasted carrots that Dean wants to polish off in about ten seconds.
“He’s a friend from high school and I’m sorry she said that to you, they aren’t particularly trusting and can say nasty things.”
It takes a good couple of hours to finish up with the line work, and Dean ends up really getting to know the guy, Christian.  He’s just graduated from Brooklyn College with a degree in history, and was living in Queens with his girlfriend and their dog.  Dean likes to think that he has a pretty great bedside manner when it came to his clients.  He liked hearing about their lives, why they were getting a piece done, if they had a reason for getting one.  Usually, if he got them to talk about themselves, their lives, their kids, their pets, whatever, it would kind of distract from the pain that what he was doing caused.  He loves tattoos, he loves getting and giving them, but he hates, absolutely hates that he’s what causes people pain.  So, he had developed this way of distracting people, of making them comfortable in a way that Charlie was actively jealous of.
This was so fucking girly, Dean thinks, running his thumb over the screen as Charlie smirks at him.
“What if I changed my mind?” his lips are on the pulse thrumming, thundering in Dean’s neck.
“She deserved it.”
They spent most of the next hour trying to convince Bobby to come back to Camp Chitaqua with them.  Permanently this time.  But Bobby wouldn’t budge.  He kept rubbing his arm, drinking a beer as Dean went from placating to yelling to sullen silence.  Cas was pretty convinced that if their hours long ride back to Sioux Falls hadn’t convinced Bobby, being back at Bobby’s house wasn’t going to do much either.  They ended up calling it an early night, Dean and Bobby both heading to their respective rooms in huffy silence.
It was a testament to how much they cared about him that they didn’t crack a joke, Cas and Lisa’s distaste for one another had been a running gag for years.
Dean tries to laugh, and he notices that he’s started pulling at the metal of his lip ring, a nervous habit that he doesn’t do often, and he tries to stop, but his fingers just keep tapping gently on the cool metal whenever Anna, Balthazar, or Gabriel try to engage with him.
“You’re on a kick with those jello shots.”
in his hands one night and hadn’t said another word.
Dean wakes up to sunlight streaming across the room in thick yellow beams.  He opens his eyes, still bleary and stretches out his legs, immediately groaning as the stiff muscles protest at the movement.  Cas is still curled around him, hands almost clenched around his forearms, making sure he didn’t go anywhere.  He takes a minute to just appreciate sleeping Cas.  His face was so relaxed, hair literally all over the place, long lashes making tiny shadows on his cheeks.  He reminds Dean of those super-detailed marble statues, where you can see through the thinnest sheets of stone, the pinnacle of perfect details.  Whoever made Cas sure knew what they were doing.
“Leave the bottle,” he told her.  She smiled at him with the kind of look he used to crave when he was younger, eager to take someone home.  Now, he smiled back, allowing her to leave without asking for her number.
“Alternatively, you could come to this sick party with me and not spend the night watching
Charlie looks concerned, sleep leaving her quickly as Dean sinks down on her couch, face in his hands.
Dean and Cas brush their teeth side by side in Cas’ too huge bathroom, Dean even has his own toothbrush there now, and the drawer or two of clothes that Cas had confessed he had never cleaned out and returned to him when they split up.
“I could, but since you’ll be mad at me if I get in your way-”
“It probably means they’ll be in touch,” Dean grins a little as Sam rolls his eyes, leg still bouncing incessantly, heel of his polished shoe clacking loudly on the linoleum floor.
“Merry Christmas, Dean.”
Cas laughs, pulling on the sweatpants he had discarded on the floor the night before.
“Hmm, sounds like a deal.  Come on.”
The ladies coo at this, and Cas gives Dean the kind of radiant smile that makes Dean feel like he’s worth a couple extra cents than normal.
“It’s good to be home, where the hell have you two been?” her eyes travel down to where their hands are joined.
“It’s just that this is the first girl that Sam’s brought home and I want to make sure that this is all just right, did I tell you I’m learning some sign language?  I just want her to feel comfortable around us and I don’t want to mess this up for Sam because I feel like I’m always messing things up and I really want this to go right and-”
Dean starts pacing, unable to contain the nervous energy that was coursing through his body.  He checks his phone, puts it down, checks it again, puts it down.
He jolted awake, still in the Impala, breathing quickly.
“Not that, but selling drugs?  Also not a great look.  Both of em’ll land you in jail too.  I get it, it’s cold, you’re desperate.  I’ve been there.”
“You’ll get out there for graduation, make her take you to all these places she’s been talking about forever.”
“Go,” Cas whispered against his lips after a few minutes, “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Cas’ eyes had a dark edge as he watched Dean, expecting a hard no and not getting it was turning him on, Dean could see that, inching his way closer to him.  Dean could smell the alcohol on Cas’ breath, he really was trashed, Dean wasn’t much better.  This wasn’t exactly the time to make decisions like…this.
would scare Cas off.  But he wasn’t ready, he wasn’t ready to give away his heart like that yet, even though, a lot of times with Cas, it felt like it had been taken out of his hands already.
“Cas and I had a fight,” he says evasively, hoping against hope that she’ll let him off with a half-truth.  No such luck.
Dean looked at him a little, Cas looked at the floor.
“I can have whatever you’re having.”
They’re making way too much noise, but Dean can’t keep it in.  Cas is just so fucking good and he’s all Dean wants and he moves in all the right ways and knows just what to say and just how to move and just how to make Dean come undone in his hands.  And Dean doesn’t know if that’s because they’re best friends or because of something else, and he doesn’t really know how it happens, but he says one of those things that he’s not supposed to say out loud.
Anger begins to bubble in his chest again, stronger and stronger and stronger this time.  Why the fuck did Cas bring him to this if he was just going to leave him here to get shit-talked by his family?  He’s exposed in the open air, like a deer caught in the crosshairs of a gun, and Cas’, Castiel’s whole family is aiming at him.  Gabriel with his smug laughter, Anna with her coldness, Samandriel with his simpering gaze, Balthazar with his accent and his v-neck.  He hasn’t even met Gadreel but he hates him too.  Dean is drowning, drowning in how badly this is going, how much he wants to leave, how much he wants to strip off this costume and just leave, just go, take the Impala and drive back to Brooklyn with Pamela and Benny and Sam and Charlie and Eileen and not ever set foot in Westchester again.
But wasn’t he in love with a man?
He doesn’t look at Jo, but he can feel her eyes on him.
“Sorry you’re an idiot?  Yeah, me too.”
“Dean…we should go.”
Dean looks up at Cas from the magazine he’s flipping through as Cas works on his computer, wearing these dorky reading glasses that Dean really loves, in an oversized sweatshirt and his boxers, Dean swears he could mainline this look and never need anything else ever again.
Dean narrows his eyes at him.
“Come here,” Cas tosses away his cigarette and says the words like an order, and Dean’s feet drag him forward, crashing into Cas, pressing him into the wall, kissing him with a voracity that normally came only in their dark bedrooms, not to be seen in the light of day.  Dean is too drunk on Cas to care, only seeking more of Cas’ flush skin under his stupid thin tank top, licking his bottom lip until his mouth gasps open, kissing him with the kind of fervor that he only kissed him with every other time they kissed.
“Well,” Sam starts, looking a little embarrassed, “that’s kinda what I wanted to talk about tonight.”
His bed, okay, his bed was the best damn thing he ever purchased when he got enough money.  Sure, he had had to sleep on a floor on an air mattress for almost six months when he had first moved to New York, but when he bought that beautiful memory foam mattress it made his sore back worth it.
Dean had laughed at that, and Cas had tucked the little horse with it’s brightly painted ceramic into the box they had started keeping in the back for the ornaments they collected, promising themselves that they would get a Christmas tree one year.
They eat in silence for a few minutes, Cas leaning against the counter, his hair too long, falling, bright green, into his eyes, which keep darting over at Dean.
Sam looks at him, surprised, probably because Dean had sworn off dating forever after he and Lisa had split up.
Dean rolls his eyes.
“What did Anna say to you?”
Even Sam’s jaw is on the floor.  Watching Cas pace, Dean realizes he’s never been more turned on than he is right now.  Cas is running his free hand through his hair and pacing, and he looks like steam is about to come out of his ears.
Cas stared at him, disbelievingly.
“He doesn’t want to say it in front of me,” Cas cuts him off, his eyes looking past Dean, unfocused, still blue enough for Dean to get lost in.  He’s being dumb.  It’s not like they broke up, or were even together.  He tries not to remember that’s exactly what they had both wanted and Dean was too afraid to take.
Dean grins a little, looking at the ground.
“Yeah yeah, you should be.  If you promise not to let it happen again, I’ll let you walk out of here.”
“Goodbye, Dean.”
“Cas I…I’m out of excuses.”
Dean collapses onto the couch after grabbing two beers from the fridge, toeing off his own boots and picking up the largest piece of pizza he can while Sam turns on the TV.
“It’s fine Charlie.”
Dean thinks about that, the silly gift exchange they always have at the apartment, with their shitty Christmas tree and Christmas movies playing on the TV the whole day.  He thinks of Cas and the way their gag gifts would probably make his nose crinkle with laughter, how Charlie and Eileen would love him, how they could doze on the couch after Dean made a kick ass Christmas dinner, and he finds himself craving that intimacy, the domesticity of it all.
They end up back at the Dean’s apartment which is, mercifully, empty.  Cas has a dreamy smile on his face, the kind of smile that Dean doesn’t want to do anything to mess with, but panic is rising in his throat, the sneers of his siblings’ faces etched in his mind.  He’s angry, he’s humiliated and he can’t fucking do this anymore.
Christmas shapes up to be the same chaotic affair it is every year.  It’s tradition to cram themselves into Ellen’s living room, with her Christmas tree twinkling and the same records that skip and crackle and add to the overall air of tradition of the whole thing.
The confusion is still fresh in his mind, why had it taken him so long to understand that he was saying exactly what Dean had always dreamed of.  The words the angel spoke, these words of love, of how he saw Dean, what about the way Dean saw the angel?  The way his hair caught in the light sometimes, the way he held a whiskey glass, the way he’d tap on the table for something to do, the way he’d get so mad when he lost a board game.  What about those things?  The angel calls him caring, but he won’t ever understand how much Dean cares for him.
“Oh no no no, I don’t think so,” Dean says as soon as Cas pulls away.  He chases after him, making grabby hands and Cas laughs as he lets himself be caught up again, and Dean goes straight to work, lips pressing into every inch of skin he can see.
It didn’t really matter whether he really meant it or if was to get Cas off his back.  It worked.
“Oh, so you won’t be wearing the lingerie bunny corset costume I got you?” Pamela smirks, and all three of them start laughing.
“Yeah it is,” as much as he wants to believe it, he knows good things don’t happen, not in his experience, “Cause the last I heard you were in Heaven’s lockup.”
“It’s going very well, we actually found a space recently and should be up in a month or two.  This has been a much longer project than I intended when I started it, but I do think it’ll do some good for the charity, plus exposure and commission for the artists, which is always important.”
“Why would you break up with Cas?” Charlie’s voice is small, unlike herself, and Dean feels guilty.
“We have a problem.”
She smiles a little.
Castiel’s hair is messed up, sticking up in all directions, and he’s breathing hard too.  Thank god Dean’s not the only one that’s effected by this.
Jo had insisted on having a small party, with only the people she knew and liked best, who just happened to be the people that Dean knew and liked best.  Pamela and Ash and talking to Ellen at the bar, Benny and Sam are arm wrestling, with Charlie and Jo cheering them on like they’re watching the Superbowl.  And yet, Dean still feels like he wants to turn around and run until he hits the ocean.
“Thank you, I appreciate it.”
“Ugh, Dean.  Everyone grows apart.”
Cas smiles, feeling the low burn of tears in his eyes. He doesn’t even really know why he’s crying.
Dean looked at the ground, he couldn’t say anything.
“For the tattoo.”
This was not at all smooth but Dean didn’t know how else to handle it.  Barring falling to his knees and begging to get Cas back, which would be a bad look.
Dean grins, Castiel’s words worming their way through his defenses in spite of the walls that he thought were rock solid.
“I uh, I don’t know,” Dean rubs the back of his neck.  Okay, he’s definitely embarrassed now.  His face is definitely red and he looks like a total idiot, “What’re you into?  Piss play?”
“You can come back at 10 tomorrow morning, what’s the name for them?”
It sounds lame even to him, but he’s not about to just roll over on this question, it’s a little too loaded for him and he thinks Cas knows that, but he’s always been great at pulling shit out of Dean that he didn’t want to deal with.
“This is your friend?” Castiel asks, with this big dopey smile on his face that Dean thinks might be getting him drunker by the second.
“Second date is a big deal for you, especially since you love to pretend that you can’t feel anything above your ribs.”
“Okay, yeah whatever.  Where’s Sam?”
“You are so keyed up, what’s going on?” Cas runs a hand through his hair, a simple gesture that grounds Dean, makes him take a breath, breathing slowly and deeply, trying not to absolutely freak the fuck out over this thanksgiving dinner.
Dean rolls his eyes and punches Cas on the shoulder.
“Come back when you get fucked you mean,” Cas calls, and he hears Charlie and Benny snicker loudly.
“What?”
His voice echoes across the clearing.  He knows he’s drawing too much attention to himself.  It’s not like he’s alone here, there are god knows how many monsters that want his blood lurking in every shadow.  But, he never had much sense when it comes to Cas.
“I don’t know.  You have any ideas?  Not a cooking show, I’m too hungry.”
After a couple of minutes, he pulls himself together enough to resolve not to go back in.
A smirk curls Cas’ mouth.
Fuck.  He’s caught.
“Hell yeah,” he grins as they both cheer, and knocks Benny on the shoulder as he picks himself up and heads for the blessedly warm shower.
Cas pulls Dean into his house, and rummages through one of his desk drawers, pulling out the piece of paper they had signed eight years before, a piece of paper that would change them both forever.  Seems a little weird, looking at it now, to think of all that had changed since then.
Cas draws in a long breath after this proclamation, and it takes Dean a second to even register that Cas was jealous of
“Why can’t I stay here?” Dean argues, not wanting to be taken anywhere away from windows or doors.  Like where lights were red and there was a bed where very bad things could happen.
Dean sighs, and motions for Benny to lead the way.  Charlie is sitting next to Cas on a little couch in the room.  Cas is holding a water bottle, Dean can tell his hand is shaking.
“It got a little...smushed.”
“Yeah,” there’s something else in Cas’ face, something that he isn’t saying, and Dean suddenly wished he could read minds, because what if he was thinking the same thing that Dean was- no, he would never think a thing like that.
They walk to the train station, still hand in hand, and when they part ways, they kiss for a little too long, so that Dean can feel the stares of the people walking around them to their respective platforms.
“Because boy, if I see a kid frozen more than half to death, I can’t leave them to die outside my window.”
His nose is bumping Cas’ jaw.
“What?”
Not long after, Cas’ breathing turns slow and deep and steady, and Dean takes a moment before he falls asleep to watch the window, where the rain is streaking down the glass, to feel the heat of Cas pressed up against him, to hear the sound of his breath, to smell Cas’ expensive shampoo and laundry detergent on his sheets, to taste Cas on his tongue, to use every one of his senses to appreciate the moment that he’s in.  He may be a little tiny dot of a person in this great big world, a tiny dot that struggles to feel worthy, worthwhile, but he, at least, found another tiny dot of a person that he can struggle with.  He’s grateful for that.
Benny smiles, and Dean knows that as much as he misses Benny coming around and being the life of the party, that Benny was living the kind of life he used to only be able to dream of.  Andrea and Celeste?  They were no contest to those two, and they shouldn’t be.
The security guard knows him by sight, and he calls Cas,
Her laugh is genuine, and Dean feels more relaxed as he holds open the door for her.
“I wanna tell you some stuff.”
“Castiel is his name.”
“Charlie and Benny are back?” Cas croaks.
Charlie is holding onto his shoulders, his anchor in the choppy sea of this meltdown.  He hears her sigh quietly.
“Whoa man, you look like shit.  Like white as a ghost.”
He pointed to a circled spot right in the center of downtown.
The world began to shake.  Michael was leaving, but he wasn’t the only one.  Cas barely had time to register the sky cracking open like a broken egg before pain coursed through him like a lightning bolt.  It seared across his back, over his chest, through his ribcage and up his neck.  He couldn’t tell if he was making noise or not and he felt hands on him, they were trying to drag him back to heaven.  Then he felt them tearing at his wings.  His wings!  They clawed at them until there was nothing left but bloody feathers on the ground.  He had to be bleeding out, they had torn out his very soul.  They were taking him, picking him up by the shattered bones of his wings, dragging him up, taking him away from earth.  He wasn’t going to go, he swore, he promised that he wouldn’t leave Dean.  He fought back, kicking and clawing, blood pouring from his back.
Dean pushed his shoulder in a playful way, and Cas cocked his head to the side.  Playfulness was not something he had come to expect anymore, least of all from Dean.
Despite everything, Dean was still insistent on educating Cas on music.  When they were on a hunt, he kept up a steady stream of Zeppelin, Skynyrd, Sabbath, and Motorhead.  Those were the rare times that Cas could see Dean when he was young, before Sam…anyway.  Dean’s voice was surprisingly beautiful, strong and rippling in all the right ways.  Cas loved the music, but not nearly as much as he loved Dean’s voice.  When Cas let slip that
Dean pressed their still sweaty foreheads together, and then climbed out of the truck, Cas following behind him, letting the night cool his sweat and calm his racing heart.
Dean laughs a little at that.  It’s true and he knows it.
“This is terrible Dean.”
“Shhhhh, they were about to kiss.”
“It just had all this research, all this stuff on how kids should grow up in an environment that’s quiet and calm and
Cas sighs, looking at Dean with something like hope in his eyes.
, things were
“Cas, come on man, sing this with me.”
“It looks great,” Dean stands and stretches, working out the kinks in his back from hunching over in the tub for so long.  Before he can make his way out the door, back to the crowded living room, Cas grabs the hem of his t shirt, and pulls him towards him, so they’re about an inch from each other, noses almost touching.
“I could ask you the same thing.”
Dean looked over at him.
“Oh fuck.  I gotta go, I gotta-” he scrambles around, trying his best to find something halfway decent to wear.  What were they supposed to be doing tonight?  It had something to do with sports, bowling?  Golfing maybe?  Were they going to a game?  No, that wasn’t possible, it was Thursday night.  He presses Lisa’s contact in his phone.  Straight to voicemail.
“I’m very glad you decided to come over tonight.”
“It is, I think so, anyway, so I’m trying to curate a collection from exclusively from the community, trying to find a lot of young, queer artists, it’s been great so far, the project is kind of in its embryonic stages, so there’s a lot left to go.”
Cas scoffed, moving as far away from Dean as was possible, the corpse of the demon still slightly smoking between them.
“Don’t be a stranger.  Maybe we could try the whole ‘let’s be friends’ thing?”
After a moment, Cas squared his shoulders and confronts the demon himself.  It didn’t come easy, but he would rather spend days locked in battle with a demon in Bobby’s dark, cold basement then make Dean torture again.  After all, the last time he did that, he had almost gotten Dean killed by Allistair, and he was in no hurry to repeat that.  The demon eventually gave way, they weren’t exactly hard to crack, the weaker ones at least.  It told him that yes, Croatoan was being released strategically, so as not to be noticed by most.  People in the cities, it told him, black eyes glittering, that they were next.  He pressed for information about Lucifer, but the demon was a grunt, didn’t know anything.
When Christian pays and leaves, Dean finally gets to at his lunch, chatting with Charlie while Pamela’s in a consultation.
Things hadn’t been awkward between him and Cas for the past couple of weeks.  Meaning Dean had successfully bottled his feelings to prevent suspicion, even Jo hadn’t been eyeing them since she had gotten home for winter break, so he felt more at ease than he had before.  Jo’s words during thanksgiving had put him on edge, not that he hadn’t been overly self-conscious about every move he made about Cas before or anything.  He still didn’t know what the fuck was going on with him, but he was back to being “normal” or as Charlie called it “less of a psychopath than normal” which was a step in the right direction.
This thought nearly destroyed Cas every time it wormed its way into his brain.  But it’s not like they had ever had the “talk about what they are.”  Dean had made it clear that he hated labels more than once, so Cas made himself believe that he was imagining things, and always pushed those thoughts from his mind.
, Eileen and Cas vote
“You really want to wake everyone on my block up?  At least your place is soundproof.”
“And when have I ever treated you like you’re nothing?  Why are you projecting all of this onto me?”
On the night before the show in Boston, Charlie, Dean, Sam, Benny, Jo, and Cas take the train from New London up to the city, and check into the swanky hotel they had booked for the night in the early afternoon.
Dean huffs a laugh in spite of himself, and he pulls on a t shirt and sweatpants as Cas gets back into his airport clothes, his suitcase long abandoned in the living room.
did he hope that he had heard Castiel correctly.
“No, I’m trying to be your wingman.”
“What?”
“How do you mean?”
“You would’ve regretted it if you disfigured me, I would’ve brought it up fifteen times a day for the rest of your life,
“Yeah,” Dean said, throwing himself into a chair, “Great.”
Until John had died, and Dean had felt the shame come back with a vengeance that he had never known.  He couldn’t go back, he couldn’t let himself have that, he didn’t deserve that happiness, not when his father had died, drunk and alone, without Dean there.
Cas looks absolutely stunning, in a fancy gold patterned suit jacket that made Dean want to throw him on the bed and fuck him boneless.  Cas can, apparently, sense the heat with which Dean is looking at him, because he smiles a little too slyly and slides his arms around Dean, pulling him close and making Dean’s heart race in that perfect way.
“I’m allowed.”
“You wanna peel potatoes for me?”
“I have a job!” all three of them chorus and Ellen shoos Dean towards the door.
“Don’t worry about me, Sammy, I’m cool as a cucumber.”
Dean kisses him, lightly this time, not as hungry.
“Maybe this weekend then.”
The silence stretches again, they watch the movie for a little while, but Dean knew that Cas would bring the big it up again, and soon.
Dean sighs again, trying, in the breath out, to release the anxiety that was already pooling in his chest.
As if on cue, Cas appears at Dean’s shoulder and, without saying a word, pulls him towards a more secluded corner of the gallery, so they can have a tiny moment alone before Hannah pulls him back to the crowds ravenous for the art on the walls, but Dean was ravenous for the piece of art in front of him.  For the knit brows, for the set mouth, for the way he’s winding himself up for something.  He wants to smooth the lines, make him less anxious, make Cas see the beauty of what he had created, and how many people clearly loved it.
“You asked for it, guess you could say I’m,” she dabs, poking herself in the eye, yet soldiering on, “the best.”
“Lisa just, I don’t know, she said she read something that said a lot of noise is bad for a kid’s brains.”
“Weird how?”
“Dean!”
“Yes, and I wanted to see your shop, and you.”
He’s never really allowed to get comfortable though, because right when he starts relaxing, when his shoulders stop tensing and he shares a laugh with their little group, one of the other three will pop in, pushing a button they can only know subconsciously will bother him, and he’s right back to square one.  Cas does his best, handing out insults that cut his siblings whenever they’re rude, but there’s only so much he can do.  And Balthazar and Anna’s disdain for Dean grows more apparent with every word they speak to him.
?  Are you kidding me, you broke up with Cas?”
“Cas,” he grabs Cas’ unwrapped forearm as he opens the door, the bell tinkling loudly as he does.  Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Ash and Pamela back away towards her studio room, eyes still trained on Dean and Cas, but seeming to know that this might require a little privacy.  Did it though?  Dean had no fucking idea what to say next, all the things he wanted to say sounded hollow right now, or got caught in his throat as he tried to say them.
Charlie puts her head in her hands.
Dean’s laugh vibrated through Cas’ own chest.
Dean, mysterious as ever, dodged around his question.
“What do you propose?  I crawl out the window?  My shoes and coat are out there.  He’s a big boy, he’ll be fine.  Plus, I’m sure this is not the first time he’s heard you having sex.”
He walks around the side of the house, feeling a sense of calm familiarity wash over him, even though he’s certain he’s never been here.  The view is killer, with two deck chairs sitting at the shore of the lake, like they’re meant for him.
Suddenly, he’s taken out of the memory by a stab of pain.  Dean is back on his arm with the peroxide.
“Yeah I know, I just hate letting her down, I feel like I do that way too much, you know.”
Pamela and Benny are more attentive than usual, asking him round for dinner, having him spend more time with Celeste, and Dean is grateful because, in these moments, whether he’s having a quiet dinner with Pamela, The Ramones spilling from her record player, or playing pirates with Celeste, he’s allowed to just be.  He doesn’t have to try and be anything other than he is, which he was doing too much of before.  That was probably part of the problem, then again.
“Yeah, you know,” Dean pauses, too much for a first date, “It’s just nice to have him back.  Plus, I can annoy him all the time now instead of over the phone.  What about your siblings?”
How does he know how to do that?  He’s such a fucking expert Dean is a quivering mess in like two minutes, and he knows he won’t last long, so he flips over and pins Cas’s hands down with his own.  Cas’s bright eyes are dilated, and he sucks in his breath as Dean pays the same attention to him that Cas did to Dean.  He doesn’t have tattoos to trace, but there are birthmarks and freckles, divets in his skin, ribs and notches in the spine, a protruding collarbone and a bobbing Adam’s apple.  Scars on his knees, a thin scar on his forehead.  Dean learns them all, worshiping at Cas’s altar the way Cas did at his.  Dean purposefully avoids Cas’s cock, until Cas is twisting underneath him, groaning and pulling Dean’s hair.
His appointments fly by that day, he registers his clients sometimes by piece, not by name, which probably wasn’t a great customer service thing, but they seemed to like it when they’d come back for a second piece and he’d greet them with a loud “guillotine!  How the hell are ya?”
“Congrats Sammy, knew you’d get it.”
Sam rolls his eyes, still angry at Dean, but not angry enough to fully give him the silent treatment.
Cas leaned in to kiss him again, slower this time, cooler by several degrees, but with a softness that makes Dean melt.
Dean arched his back and it didn’t take Cas long to follow suit, crying out Dean’s name far more loudly than was wise, surely someone heard them, but neither of them cared.  As they got dressed, Dean reached over and kissed Cas like the first time, behind Bobby’s house, and Cas leaned into it.  There was no pretense behind this kiss, just a moment where they were together.
“It’s perfect,” Cas had breathed, turning the little cow over in his hands and giving Eileen one of those radiant smiles he usually reserved for Dean, “This one is my favorite by far too.”
“Is it?  I don’t want to pressure him to hang out with me if he doesn’t-”
“This…did you-” he’s stuttering, unable to find the words because Cas didn’t seem to get that this was a big fucking deal.
“I- I chose to stay.”
“How about dinner next week then?”
“Because all lawyers are stuck up, and you’re avoiding the issue.”
“Are you having a stroke?  I asked if I told you who we’re seeing.”
“What happened?” he asks Benny, pulling him into the hall.
Sam relaxes by degrees, taking Cas’ hand and smiling back.  Dean shakes his head a little, Cas could charm literally anybody in any situation, it’s probably why he’s so damn good at selling blank canvases for seven figures.
Dean, like the absolute champion he is, drops to his knees right there on the kitchen floor and proceeds to give Cas what he hopes is a top five blowjob of his life.  He thinks it must be pretty good, because it takes three minutes, not five, for Cas to grip the stone counter and come with a jolt in Dean’s mouth.  Dean is grinning as he gets up, knees sore, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, washing his hands in the sink like he lives there, while Cas is still gripping the counter, frozen in place.
The cab dropped him off at the end of the road, and Dean stumbled into the Bunker, shushing himself as he gripped the handrail with both hands.
He, Benny, and Charlie spend the whole day together, sprawled around the couch watching terrible horror movies and making fun of Benny when he jumped at the jumpscares anyway.
Cas is incoherent, making only high-pitched moaning noises and digging his nails into Dean’s arms, and Dean licks a long stripe up his neck, taking in the sweat beading there.
, it was-”
Cas is the one to break the kiss, lips swollen and pink and his cheeks red.
“Fine, but I get to pick my costume.”
“I don’t have much to tell.”
“This won’t take long,” Dean grins, letting his breath ghost across Cas’ hard cock, smiling wider as Cas twitches and whines.
“Are you done examining me?” he asks, panting as Cas bites at the matching butterflies he has on the back of his knees.
“From who, your clients?”
“Yeah yeah yeah,” Cas waves him off with a tattooed hand, “I’m looking for the sex toys.  You didn’t bring any plugs, I’m disappointed in you.”
“Hey,” the relief in Cas’ voice is palpable, bleeding through the phone lines, “Thanks for picking up, I know it’s late.  Uh, so I have a problem.”
“Okay.  If you don’t like, uh, reckless, I could use insouciant maybe?”
“Okay yeah whatever,” Dean rolls his eyes and heads for the door.
“You know as well as I do that I can’t tell you what to do,” Cas smiles, “But I think Ellen might like it if you came to the Roadhouse today.”
Dean cuts himself and Charlie two really massive slices of apple pie for breakfast.  He even made one for Charlie with gluten free crust, which took around ten thousand years longer than normal but, you know, he’d do anything for her.
Charlie looks concerned.
“Great,” Pamela’s back at Cas’ skin, pulling it taught, like the way Dean sometimes did when they…nevermind, “What’re you thinking?”
Cas didn’t tell Dean he would give anything to sleep sometimes, but Dean didn’t seem to need an answer.  He stood, stretched and shuffled over to the ancient coffee maker.  As the coffee began to drip into the pot, he turned, leaning against the counter.
Dean’s own room was like the planet of Tralfamadore to him. He didn’t recognize anything in there anymore. He collapsed on his bed, drunk on his thoughts and the half a bottle of whiskey he had drank and he thought of Cas. Cas’ smile, his laugh, the way he touched Dean when he healed him. The way his face lit up when Dean started to sing in the car. His questions when they watched one of Dean’s favorite movies together. His hands. His hair. His eyes.
That sounded lame, even to Cas.  Of course he wasn’t fine and Cas was a fool to even ask.  Dean didn’t have to say as much.
“Let’s see if your wingman skills are up to par,” he ignores the weird pain in his chest when he says that, what is happening to him?
Cas wished he didn’t have to hear what Michael said to Dean, but he was still an angel.  He wished he could turn on the radio and listen to something Dean put on.  Some Zeppelin, maybe some Black Sabbath.  But he had to listen.  He had to hear Dean make his choice.
Cas looks up at him, the corners of his mouth lifting into a crooked smile.
“Because I wish someone had done the same for me.  Get some rest now.”
In the time that followed, he finished almost half the bottle.  Any time he saw someone with jet black hair, he took a shot.  Every time he closed his eyes and saw blue eyes, he took a shot.  Every time he inhaled and didn’t smell the stale beer of the bar, but smelled the Bunker’s kitchen where he and Cas would cook, he took a shot.
Tires screeched and the Impala came to a dead stop.
Dean sighs heavily, a little relief seeping into his anger.
, he thinks to the shadow of the angel, who’s blue eyes captivated him even in memory, though the memory was still knife-sharp and threatening to split him wide open.
__________
Dean scoffs, taken aback.
That was one of those days that Cas wanted to make Dean spend in bed with him, but Dean was all about taking care of others, even though Cas stalled him for a good hour by coming up behind him and pressing small delicate kisses to the side of his ear.  Dean growled and whipped around, his holster slipping out of his hand and his hands twisting into Cas’ hair.  Cas grinned against his mouth, and Dean simply kissed him harder in response.
They paused, both staring at the Colt.  Dean reached out to take it.
Cas’ eyes meet his, and Dean’s a little afraid that he may have pushed too far, that Cas may put up another wall that Dean had been working to prove he was trustworthy enough to take down, but Cas just leans forward and Dean swears his heart is going to burst, because he’s pretty much wanted to kiss every day for the last six months.
Cas knew better than to argue.
Five.
“What’s wrong with right now?”
As they pulled out of Camp Chitaqua, Cas watched past Dean out of the corner of his eye.  He wondered how different he looked to him, how much he had really changed in five years.  As they pulled onto the highway, Cas pulled out his trusty bottle and popped two more pills.  Dean stared at him, clearly alarmed.  There was so much he didn’t know.
“Fine.  Where’s the lead.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s the face?” Dean calls from the couch, seriously considering jumping up and down on the floor until they stopped playing.
“You gonna lose a fight to a turkey.”
“That was absolutely incredible Cas,” Sam says, pretty much bouncing out of his seat, Eileen nodding emphatically next to him.  Cas collapses back down next to Dean.
“Come on, I’ll make you some soup.  If everyone else doesn’t try to eat it first.”
“I’ll see you around.”
“He’s just…I don’t know,” Dean sways from foot to foot.  It’s a nervous habit, or maybe just a habit habit that he had picked up when he was a teenager.  He really really really likes Castiel, or, at least, is super attracted to Castiel, and he’s a little bit terrified of that.  Maybe a little beyond terrified of it.
“You look like a skunk.”
Castiel bridges the space between them in one, two, three fluid steps.  Dean wants nothing more than to remove the remaining inches of negative space.
“Just lift up,” Dean said, his breath hot on Cas’ ear, “Hold steady.”
“Well that’s the end of the angel,” it said, “Well, what’s left of you, anyway.”
Dean sighs, he knew it.  All of Cas’ big talk about not being nervous was such bullshit.
“How’s Jess?”
“Don’t insult the greatest music ever made Cas, even though you give the best blowjobs I’ve ever had doesn’t mean I won’t throw you out onto the pavement.”
“Maybe so,” Dean’s hands wander down to the waistband of Cas’ boxers and Cas groans, looking at the time on the oven.
“How much do I owe you?”
The Hellhounds ripping him to pieces, the way he felt his skin tear under their claws, being stabbed by Metatron, Cas beating the shit out of him in the crypt...although that last one may hurt for different reasons.
“Yeah I, that’d be nice.”
Sam laughs.
“Surely we’ll have to put people together.”
“Yeah, I guess.  Tattoo artist.”
After this revelation, he finds himself outside in the cool evening air a little while later, trying to pull himself together.  (He just keeps randomly crying, how weird is that?)
Dean picked up the Colt and fired, killing the demon instantly.  They looked at each other.
“You really gotta bring your dad into it?”
“It’s just twenty-four hours, Dean,” Cas breathes, clearly struggling to keep his word as well.
, and Charlie curls up on the couch when the credits roll.  Dean gets her a blanket and a couple of extra pillows, leaving Sam in his chair, and then stumbles into the shower.
“Yeah well, I don’t want it.”
, shut up.
They held each other after, foreheads sticky with sweat, and for the first time in his very, very long life, he slept peacefully.
Right on cue, a woman in a sleek black dress approaches them and taps Castiel on the shoulder.
Their entrees arrive and, as usual, Cas is right, the steak is amazing.  It’s so good, in fact, that Dean strikes up a conversation with the resident chef, Samandriel over it when he practically passes out over the bearnaise sauce on his filet mignon.
Cas smiles a little softly.
Cas lifts his head, mouth slick with spit and precum, and he smiles this feral smile at Dean that was almost enough alone to push Dean over the edge.
“Dean.”
that he feels himself losing his grip.
This is gonna be a little sappy, but I hope you'll indulge me.
“Sucks kiddo.”
He and Cas break apart milliseconds before Sam and Jo burst through the door to the bar, spilling warm, honey-colored light onto the cold pavement where snow is beginning to collect.
“What?”
“Don’t ask, tell me.”
He pulls on a ragged Stanford sweatshirt and falls into bed, feeling warm and cozy and more content than worried now, even though the worry still scratched at the back of his mind.  He reminds himself of the promise he made himself, that he made Pamela: just go with the flow.  Too bad he always liked to go against the current.
“Yeah, no shit.”
Dean wrenches himself out of the knife-sharp memory, but plunges on, still unable to look at Cas, but he can tell by the set of his hips that he’s listening intently, which is all Dean needs.  He just needs Cas to listen.
“I’m trying to be angry at you, stop compromising with me.”
Dean falls asleep that night dreaming of Cas, of birthday pie, and of fall birthday parties.  He learns to let Sam be, to be his own person, to celebrate himself, for a change.
), he was a man of culture that enjoyed
He can feel himself picking a fight, the kind of fight you can’t come back from.
“Couldn’t even say anything like meaningful or anything, what if that was my only shot?”
“Oh yeah, the engineer is here so you don’t need our help anymore!” Charlie throws up her hands in mock-exasperation, “Amaze us with your knowledge and your college degree!”
“We’ve thought about it, me and Andrea,” Benny grins at Pamela, “If you’ve got ten mil lying around that would certainly sweeten the pot.”
“You’re shitting me.  This is how many potatoes you’re making?”
“You’re a buzzkill.”
_________
“Dean.  You are aware you’re holding something that can get in touch with him right?”
It took Dean’s drunk brain about ten second to catch up to what he had said, but the Roadhouse had gone quiet at that point because Dean was a loud bitch, especially when he was drunk.
Cas cocked his head a little to the side and backed off.  He knew Dean well enough to know that Dean would knock him flat if he pushed too far.
Just a couple of warnings on this chapter: has some light references to underage sex work and sex work in general.
“No just…in case.”
, I know.”
“Criminal defense.”
Dean smiles and drops a kiss onto the top of Cas’ head, tossing the makeup wipe in the trash on his way out.
“They already know anyway, do we really have to do this?”
Ash grins, running his hands through his hair.
and counting how many times the characters commit crimes themselves.”
“That went well,” Cas is still smiling, eyes bright, trailing over Dean’s exposed skin.
He sorts of feels lighter than when he came in, in a good way, like his heart had experienced something cleansing, like when he wipes down the Impala’s windshield after a long road trip.  He doesn’t say anything as he and Castiel head into the chilly streets, crowded with chattering people who Dean pays no mind, he’s lost in replaying tiny moments from the show, his mind filled with the sound of the ocean and the smell of salt water that he’s pretty sure he just made up when he got lost in the world of the stage
“That’s okay, Cas, they’re just scratches.”
“I wouldn’t necessarily blame that fight entirely on them.  But yes.”
Cas rolled his eyes and sighed, crossing his too-pretty arms over his bare chest.
“Oh shit I remember her, I never thought he was going to get over her.”
“Anyone talks about my brother is going to get the same.”
He stops in the far corner of the gallery, where it’s a little bit darker, the mood lighting and the jazz music are a little dimmer, and the artwork on the walls are a little more interesting, at least to Dean, anyway.  Plus, there aren’t as many old Upper East Side ladies staring at him, so he takes the risk and rolls up the sleeves of his supremely uncomfortable dress shirt to his elbows.  He feels a little more like himself now, less like he’s been forced into a ridiculous costume, and maybe it’s stupid but he feels a little better now that some of his tattoos were visible.  Look, he just didn’t like to come across as a straight-laced guy, okay?
“Good to see you awake, kid,” the man’s voice is gruff, but not unkind, but Dean recoils, unused to being treated like a human, not a commodity to be bought and sold.
Dean threw the Impala in reverse and they inched backwards.
“I love you.”
“Yeah I saw him.  Laid it all out.  Right as some dude came up behind him.”
Cas joins him a minute later, sliding into the passenger seat.
Heyo, this chapter sorta got away from me in length.  The flashback was definitely something I grappled with, and I've been debating for weeks if I should put it in, but ultimately I decided I liked it a little too much to let it go lol.  Anyway, there are some new tags, and, of course, comments are the things that keep me alive so I'd love to know what you think :)
“You’re being sassy this morning.”
“Alright, I see.”
“Fucking save it.  It’s pretty fucking clear they didn’t like me.  good thing that went both ways.”
“Which time?”
“No, you shouldn’t have, but as long as you grow, learn from that, I’ll be more than happy to stick out all your other fuckups for many years to come.  I hope you stick through mine.”
“Dean,” he starts, but Dean shakes his head vigorously.
Dean grins at him, still working on getting the literal layers of mascara off his eyelashes.  He didn’t really need it, his eyelashes were so long and pretty and…
The building is just as he remembered it, chipped, peeling paint, a shitty old porch, the whole nine.  The view is better, all mountains and trees and clear blue sky.  Okay, this really isn’t so bad.
“No, but I did want to enjoy my eggs without thinking about demon powered meat-suits for ten minutes.”
“Art dealer,” he says, definitely not thinking about Castiel’s eyes or his hands or his really nice dark hair, “He was cool, probably just trying to get me to buy one of those super expensive paintings.”
“I was the same way when Bobby found me too.”
Humanity never ceases to surprise him, because he was absolutely expecting the ladies to get that disapproving look, where their noses raise slightly and they look down at them even though he’s about a foot taller than any of them.  Instead, they look at him with interest, not disgust, and immediately start asking him more questions.
“Nothing,” they say in unison, and Dean checks to make sure they’re not suspiciously close to one another.  He’s still breathing pretty fast, he hopes it’s too dark for either Jo or Sam to notice.
In the distance, he can see the outline of a building that looks for all the world like the Roadhouse.  Hey, might as well start somewhere.
“Okay.  I’m seeing him tonight,” Dean does his best to act casual and knows they can all see right through him anyway, “I’m gonna head home and change.”
Cas’ eyes are a little harder than normal, Dean was having trouble reading him, which he never did.  Ever.
Cas smiles and pulls Dean’s xbox controller towards him, sliding it across the bed and wiggling under Dean’s covers at the same time.  Dean smiles, one of the best parts about have a best friend for over a decade is that you don’t even have to say anything to communicate with them.  Like having a partner but without all the drama, because god knows, with partners it was always needlessly complicated.
“Do you really think that he would say yes?”
He found himself walking down an empty highway, the pavement cracked with grass poking through them.  It was clearly abandoned.  He looked around for something, a car maybe, or a road sign, something to point him in the right direction.  Even though he had no clue where he was going.  Then, behind him, he heard the engine of the Impala.  Turning, he saw Dean get out of the car and walk towards him.  He didn’t say anything, but stopped in front of him, much closer than Dean normally would.  It was like a…face off?  He thinks that’s what Dean called these sort of things.  Then, suddenly, Cas felt someone behind him, he turned and saw Sam.  But it wasn’t Sam…there was something different.   Dean and Sam walked towards each other, and Cas realized a second too late that it was not the Winchesters, that it was Michael and Lucifer.  He ran forward to stop them, but he found he couldn’t move.  He tried to yell, but he had no voice.  All he could do was watch as the battle unfolded before him.  He saw the earth razed to nothing in their battle, saw the Winchester’s bodies torn apart, and all he could do was stand there…stand there…stand there…
“From what I’ve heard he is…close to saying yes to Lucifer.”
“Sure are, got back at like eight this morning, looked worse than you if you can believe it,” Dean grins again, “Eat something, some of us have to be productive today.”
“Dude.”
“It’s gotta be at least two hours,” says Dean to Charlie, sketching absentmindedly after she finished up with a client.
“So Jack did all that?”
Cas didn’t doubt the sincerity in his voice, he knew he was serious.
Cas wandered outside, where people were milling around in the weak sun, reading and talking.  Even outside you couldn’t catch a minute alone.  Cas found himself standing on Bobby’s porch, watching.  He was constantly amazed by humanity.  You could put them in almost any situation and they would adapt to it.  These people, these families that they had taken in had lost everything; their families, their homes, but it didn’t break them.  There they all were, talking and laughing and playing, like the world wasn’t completely going to shit around them.  Cas sucked in several breaths of the crisp South Dakota air.  The leaves were changing color and some of them had fallen, the children making them into piles and crunching around with endless delight.  If Cas hadn’t known better, he would have thought he was in a park and not at Bobby’s place, surrounded by the displaced.
Dean came up to him, quietly, gingerly.  They stood face to face and Cas could feel his racing heart.  It was strange, he had never felt anything like it before he met Dean.  No matter how many times he had come to earth, how many times he had interacted with a human, how many times he had grown to know them, his heart had never raced before Dean, he had never felt lightheaded before Dean, he had never wanted to break his oath as an angel before Dean.  And Dean, like always, was none the wiser of the thudding heart that he created.
“Can we talk about this?”
“Can I help you?” Cas sweeps his neon green hair out of his eyes, eyeing Dean with a look that tells him he’s already on thin ice.
Cas stops in the middle of rubbing his eyes, he looks up at Dean, full of concern.
“Nice to meet you too.  I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“I’m scared,” the words sound childish, coming from an angel. He wasn’t supposed to feel any fear, one of the warriors of Heaven wasn’t supposed to feel anything.  But he didn’t really feel like a warrior, he hadn’t for a while now, and the existential fear of being trapped in the blackness, of never seeing the man in front of him again, was crippling.
“That smells damn good man, hope you made enough, I feel like I could eat a horse.”
“We go in at dusk, easier for cover.  Now let’s go, we’re on the move in half an hour.”
The words hit harder than any shot of whiskey (of which there had been many) that he had taken in the last thirty-four days.  He doesn’t know what to say, he knows she’s right, he had been dumping everything on them, it was all he could fucking talk about, all he could talk about was why they broke up, how Cas’ family had judged him, how fucked up he was, how little he had deserved Cas, how he wanted to drown himself in whiskey and bad TV.  He hadn’t even stopped to ask about them, how they were doing, their problems, their issues, their lives.  Damn, he really does need to pull himself together a little.
Yeah, fucking Sam’s undergrad advisor was…not a good look.
“What the hell do you mean, of course I was worried about you.  That’s my job, I worry about you all the time.”
“You’ll slow me down.”
“How do you function with this going on.”
“What are you doing?  Following me around?”
“If you don’t text him, I will,” Charlie says from his shoulder.
“You’re an idiot, Dean.”
“What is this,
This proclamation is met, in turn, with a colossal bitchface and a sort of argument that ended with Sam rolling his eyes and relenting.  Dean is trying to heal, and if healing for him meant drinking too much and looking like Dracula with the shadows under his eyes, that is his prerogative.
“Me?  I’m great, I’m so great Dean.”
“Who are you here with?”
It's hard and fast, Dean scrambles for the condoms and the lube he keeps in his bedside table, even though he hasn’t brought anyone home in years.  Maybe it was just wishful thinking that this would happen.
“Regarding what?”
“And you know this how?”
“You mentioned it a few weeks ago when we went to New Haven, left me that voice memo at like three am.”
“It’s very interesting.  I find the sections on Tralfamadore to be the most fascinating.”
“Quitting is my New Year’s Resolution.”
“What do y’all want?”
They listen to Zeppelin the whole way, and Dean can stop smiling when Cas starts singing loudly off-key, hand hanging out of the window, despite the chill of winter still hanging in the early March air.
“This feels like the day I dropped Celeste off at the first day of preschool,” Benny says, chuckling, still looking down the street after Sam.
Cas pulls out a picture from his pocket, which is a little crumpled, like he had been clutching it on his way here.  It’s a picture from Dean’s portfolio, a sketch that he had given Cas when Cas had taken a liking to it a few months before.  A silhouette with wings, shadowy and indistinct, with red dripping from the wings themselves.  A fallen angel.  He remembered when Cas had seen it on his desk, bending over to examine it as he searched around for the boxers Dean had thrown across the room in his haste.
They exchange gifts after dinner, and Dean is sober enough to stay awake, especially since he was so excited to give everyone their gifts.  Dean is a great gift-giver.  He may be chronically late and terrible at returning texts, but he knows how to pick up shit that his friends will like.
“You bring condoms?” Cas breathes as Dean leaves a stinging mark on his collarbone.
“Yeah.  Well.  She and Ben moved and I didn’t, and so I just don’t do relationships anymore.”
“Uh oh,” Charlie starts to laugh, because Dean surely looks like a ghost, he could feel all the blood draining out of his face like someone had just punctured a hole in his side.
“I’ll allow it, as long as you come back looking exactly like that.”
“Sure, once I see Charlize Theron beat in a few heads I will be able to die happy.”
That hunger, the one that he gets when he’s around Cas is back.  Not a hunger for food, or for bad TV, a hunger for
Dean slides the lasagna, his masterpiece, into the oven and then vaults over Cas’ couch next to him, pausing the music on his phone as he settles in between Cas’ legs with ease.
As the show progresses, he ends up leaning forward, trying to get as close to the stage as he could, his elbows on his knees, eyes trained on the stage, not even leaving when the stage goes dark for intermission.  It seems like, no matter where he looks, from the corner of the set where sand trickles onto the carpeted floor, to the backdrop, where the ocean moved and changed with the play, the ocean mirroring the rise and fall of Serafina Delle Rose.
Cas looks at him, with eyes so achingly blue that Dean feels like he wants to cry.
Dean spends most of the evening ignoring Gabriel, Balthazar, and Anna, and ends up rather enjoying his time with Samandriel and Gadreel.  Samandriel is quiet and questioning, clearly actually listening to him, and Gadreel says next to nothing, but watches and listens too, classic in the oldest brother way, analyzing Dean, but not in the uncomfortable way that Anna did.
He slammed the door behind him.  Cas sighed into the empty room.
Dean scoffs and takes the spatula away, Cas tightens his arms a little.
“Yeah.  It did.”
“Hi Sam, I’m Cas.  It’s really nice to finally meet you.”
“And have you ever seen a show on Broadway?”
“You make breakfast?” Dean asks, looking at Cas a little incredulously, “I thought you said you burned everything you touched in the kitchen.”
“That’s great Dean, when the hell are we going to officially meet him?”
The fear settles back in his gut, the fear of loss, the fear of rejection, the fear that, if he said anything at all, it would make the angel leave faster, and he can’t let that happen, the angel has to stay, he had to find a way to keep the angel.
Both Charlie and Dean gape at Sam, unused to him being so blunt.
“An attorney?” Anna acts like there’s a difference in what they said, “Interesting.  What branch.”
This plan works very well for a solid half an hour, he scrolls mindlessly through Instagram, drinks more than he usually would (or probably should, it’s like he hit thirty one and immediately started getting hungover off of like two beers), and watches Charlie take a bodyshot off a girl he’s relatively sure she met on Tinder.  Until someone is in his personal space, and he’s about to cringe away from them before he recognizes the mix of shampoo and cheap cigarettes.
They walked around the place for hours.  It was perfect.  The buildings needed some work but nothing they couldn’t handle.  There were places for generators, so they could have power, even a ready-made rainwater collection system.
“Okay well, goodnight,” he tries to start walking, more like hobbling, back to the bedroom, but he only makes it about two steps before his legs begin to wobble dangerously, and he’s pitching towards the wall, unable to hold his weight.  He braces for impact into the walls and on the floor, but he’s caught before he can hit the ground, held up by Lee.
Dean doesn’t know what to say to that, and despite his internal promise to himself that he would be more honest about his emotions, he decides it’s better to deflect.
“Shoot.”
“Masterfully evading the last part of the question,” Cas arches an eyebrow, stirring his disgusting gin and tonic with the little straw that they gave him.  Dean watches the ice clink against the cheap glass, sorta wishing he could melt right along with it.
Cas cards his hands through Dean’s hair, pulling him closer.
Fuck.  Here come the waterworks he’s been pushing down for the last six months.  It’s one of those cries that ends up actually hurting, because you cry out the pain, the anger, the pent-up sadness, everything, until you’re left with puffy, stinging eyes and a heaving, aching chest.  Charlie and Sam are just there, holding him in place, as he lets himself cry, which John had once told him made him less of a man.  But then again, he also had also called Dean every slur in the book when he had found out he had kissed a boy at school when he was sixteen.  He wasn’t the role model Dean wanted anymore.
Dean wants to ask, but then he knew he’s be asked about what he had done to get here, and admitting to someone what he had had to do to survive was not in the cars for the next…forever if he had anything to say about it.
Cas had just broken up with Hannah, the only girl that had kept his attention for longer than a night.  He was sad, fucked up really, and had broached the subject in a slurred voice.  Running a hand through his neon yellow hair, which was dirty, unkept, still a little sweaty from the shitty club they had been in that night.  Charlie and Benny had long gone home, Ellen was watching Sam that night, he and Cas had Cas’ shitty dorm to themselves and were sprawled on the floor, unable to do anything, limbs heavy with the alcohol and the weed and the weight of the night.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I just thought that, since it’s you that’s always saying, ‘You never know, maybe Liv Tyler will walk in one day’ that you’d be staying until close no matter what.”
“I’ve tried, Dean, you know that.  You know I’ve tried.  They won’t listen to me.  I don’t even think they can hear me,” the next words pained Cas to say, “I’m not an angel anymore, Dean.  there’s no ifs ands or buts about it.  I don’t think I can help you, and I’m sorry for that.”
“Same goes for you, cop-fucker.”
“They are so fucking ridiculous.  You’re the only one that calls me that, and they’ve tried to make it a nasty pet name for me since I met you.  Don’t take it personally, she’s trying to rile you up.”
“Typical,” Sam rolls his eyes, selecting it from the DVR, “So, who’s going first?”
Cas watched Dean, he couldn’t see his face, but he could tell by the set in his shoulders what his answer would be.
The place almost crashes down with the volume of the set and the energy of the crowd.  They scream the lyrics with Charlie, and sway gently when she and Cas sing their duet.  Dean’s heart nearly gives out when he hears Cas sing again, it just steals him for what he knows he has to do.
“What?  No breakfast in bed?”
“Sam that’s amazing!” Charlie exclaims, getting up to hug Sam as Dean and Benny slap him on the back.
When he comes back, his bedside lamp is on, and Cas is waiting for him, propped up on one elbow.
Cas just smiles, and Dean feels like his heart is a balloon.
“So now you just happen to see him again?  It’s fate.”
Castiel and Dean end up on the couch, and they talk about the show, the way it made Dean feel, which he normally hates doing, especially on a first fucking date, but Castiel is so open and honest and Dean is a little drunk on how well the evening has gone.
“You can tell me I’m an asshole for ghosting him Cas, I know I am.”
Cas glares down at the screen and then, before any of them can make a move to stop him, he slides his thumb to accept the call.
“Fine, but I’m going to complain the whole time.”
Cas throws his phone into the couch and is met by thunderous applause from all of them.
“What can I say, I’m eager to get you naked.”
“I’m so sorry, what form of currency do you take?”
He tries his best to move past his weird hangups with his past, with his father, with the part of his life that he and Sam never talk about.  It doesn’t always work, but he tries, he tries.  For Cas.
Dean’s face doesn’t move.
“Eileen Leahy.  She’s actually in law school at Columbia.  She’s so smart and so funny and she’s teaching me sign language too.”
His eyes go to Cas’ lips.
“So a normal Saturday night for you?”
Dean is swaying where he stands, and Cas holds onto his elbow to try and keep him upright.
“I know, but it’s something we should talk about.”
“Listen, we really need to be more focused on finding sanitary products.  We’re almost out again and it’s only been a week.”
If this is possible, anything is possible.”
Benny and Charlie roll their eyes, and Charlie plays “My Heart Will Go On” on the guitar.
January 1, 2014
“It’s the Tetons,” Cas pulls down the hip of his sweatpants enough for Dean to trace the raised lines.
“Cas?  You okay man?”
“Cas,” there was a warning in her tone, but Cas was way past worrying about a bullet wound.  He forced open the door and saw just the thing that he had been dreading.  Dean was standing over a demon strapped to a chair.  On a table was holy water, salt, the knife, everything that could make a demon talk in the worst way.  Dean and Yaeger stood up when Cas entered the room.  The demon started to laugh, blood running out of its mouth.
Cas nodded, reaching out to touch Dean’s shoulder.  He hoped he wasn’t imagining it, but he felt Dean lean into the touch.  They stood there for a while, not enjoying the scenery, but enjoying the company all the same.
Dean snorts.
“Y’all should have seen it, the place is…amazing.”
“Like my foot’s in about ten thousand pieces.”
“I love you, we all do, but you constantly listening to the same four songs and staring out the window and not eating or talking and that day you came back with coffee on your shoes and acted like you had just been to a funeral?  Shit happens, Dean, sometimes it’s awful, but it’s not like he was the only person that ever cared about you your whole life.”
Dean’s eyes snap to Castiel and he laughs to hide the fact that he’s absolutely terrified.
Charlie looks at Sam, they exchange a look that Dean can’t decipher.
“I think the hardest thing for me would be the cheese,” Charlie’s really thinking, considering the obstacles in between her and the ten million dollars that don’t exist.
He doesn’t dwell on it, he lets the mundanity of every day life consume him, reveling in the little joys, like Jessica accepting Sam’s invitation to his winter formal, to the frustrations, like Charlie breaking their dining table by betting Benny a steak dinner she could snap it in half with a single jump (she won).
Sam and Charlie stare at him, disbelieving and clearly angry, and Dean wants to hunch into himself again, because he didn’t want to think this was a mistake.  What the hell was he going to do if this was a mistake?
“All we’ve done all weekend is fuck, you’re telling me you won’t be cleaning your sheets?”
“So your girlfriend?”
“He’ll leave if I tell him.”
“I’m nervous my siblings won’t like it.”
The second the words leave his lips, Dean suddenly feels thirty pounds lighter.  He’s never said those words aloud, only mouthed them to himself in the mirror.  He thought everyone was making it up when they said that coming out felt like a lifted weight, but it actually, really does.
“Yeah yeah I know.”
Charlie rolls her eyes at him.
When Dean collapses into his bed at dawn, utterly exhausted, he feels a little more like himself than he had in the past few weeks, like maybe things were going back to normal.
It all happens really fast.
“I have to say, I’m touched.”
“No you…sorry.  This is all just, uh, weird to me, I guess.”
“Don’t be, just be glad that I decided New York was more important to me than a job offer.”
“What’s your favorite thing in here, then?”
Of course, Cas wasn’t the one to break the silence.  A young man, one of Andrei’s friends, came up to Dean and told him that his brother was a piece of shit that ruined the world with selfishness.  Cas tried to get between Dean and the kid, whatever his name was, but Dean already had the pistol under his chin and pulled the trigger before he had made it two steps.  It seemed like the whole place went deadly silent.
“Sleep?”
He slides out of the car and looks back at Dean before he slides into his house.  Dean feels like he can’t breathe the whole way home.
“You’ve never listened to Physical Graffiti?  By Led Zeppelin?”
“I’ll miss you, kid,” he kisses the top of her head and she doesn’t push him away, even though she hates when he calls her kid.
He can feel himself start to shake again, he digs his nails into his palms, dotting them with more and more red crescents, reminders of the invisible pain that cut through his chest like the scythe that had caused this whole mess.  He bites down on his lip hard enough to taste blood, trying to wipe his memory of the last words the angel had said.
“Interesting piece to seek out,” comes a voice to his right.  He looks over and sees dark haired hotness standing next to him, holding a glass of red wine and gazing at the painting with an intensity that made Dean’s hands start to tingle.  Okay, he’s even better looking up close, where Dean can see his full lips and killer jawline, a little bit of five o’clock shadow that really just ties the whole obscenely gorgeous thing together.  The guy’s really wearing like a four-thousand dollar suit, it fits him just right too, he had obviously gotten it tailored.  Dean isn’t normally one to think that suit pants looked really good on someone, but the contrast of the guy’s hair, which looked like he’s just gotten fucked in the bathroom, and the way the crisp navy blue pants hug his hips is more than a little unfair.
“In you.”
“What the hell are you doing here?  Pam’s gonna freak.”
“It was good, the studio’s getting a lot of attention which is great.  I think more hipsters are moving out this way so here’s hoping.”
Dean is surprised, and that little part of him still wants to turn tail and run, but that’s just a tiny part of him now, something that doesn’t control him anymore.
“You look drained, Cas.  Is everything okay?  Or are you just tried from working so much?”
Sam is sitting on the couch, watching TV, some National Geographic show that Dean can’t stand, and he only looks up when Dean clears his throat.  They were both brick red.
Dean sighs heavily.  He knows the fight is probably already lost.
His tattoo is beloved by everyone the second they see it.  Even Sam gets over his anger at Dean for long enough to laugh at it.  As much as he loves it, it’s a reminder of what he still has to do, and the shit he still has to fix.
He breaks off.  Lee isn’t judging him, not yet, but if Dean said it out loud, it meant it happened, that it was true.
Dean just huffs as he turns back to the bathroom, where Cas is waiting with a shock of thoroughly bleached hair, completely at odds with the dark sides.  Yeah, plain platinum wasn’t going to work, they needed that purple sliver color.
“I can stop him, Cas.  I can stop him.”
“Okay, now you’re scaring me.”
“Well don’t worry about little old me, I’ve got a ballgown under this thing.”
“Holy fuck,” Dean breathes, running his fingers reverently over the black ink covering parts of the windows, red lettering in the windows.
“Dean,” he hisses, trying to pull Dean up towards him, but Dean just bites the back of his knee and Cas does this jolt that makes Dean laugh aloud.
“Why don’t we, uh, table that one.”
“You’re not helping me much with that,” Cas gasped as Dean pressed his lips to his neck, carotid thundering under the pressure of skin on skin.
“I saw you at the show,” Cas says quietly, watching the quiet ocean, still not meeting Dean’s eyes.
“No, especially if you don’t give me a Sour Patch Kid.”
Dean twists around to look at Sam, unrestrainedly terrified at what he’s about to say.
Their chests are flush.
The door shuts quietly behind him, and Dean’s so fucking exhausted by the time he gets home that he collapses, fully clothed, on his bed after plugging in his phone.
Dean’s lips are chapped from the cold and he tastes like nothing Cas has ever experienced.  It’s kind of like mint and kind of exactly like Dean.  Just Dean.  The kiss is short and over almost as it begins, just long enough for Cas to thread his hands through Dean’s short hair.  They pull apart, staring at each other.
The walls were covered in art, but it wasn’t the weirdo stuff from the gallery, it was an amalgamation of things: modern, cubist, expressionist, Renaissance, and everything in between, and eclectic grouping that seemed to just…fit Castiel.
Cas does.  He meets Dean’s eyes and Dean won’t let them go.
“Fuck off Cas, just…fuck off.”
“I’m really glad.  I spent an embarrassing amount of time with this menu, I wanted it to be just right.”
Dean blushes a little.
“Okay shithead.”
He gave it to her, he had drank himself past fighting.  She pulled him out of the bar towards the cab and pushed him in, just as he had predicted.
“I don’t know, I’m surprised you haven’t turned to dust by now.”
“Of course,” said Cas, standing up and stretching, “Might as well do it together.”
Okay FIRST AND FOREMOST we need to talk about this truly stunningly beautiful header made by @protectyourdarlings, it is literally so beyond amazing I can’t even believe it (as in I can’t look at it for too long or I start crying), thank you SO SO SO SO much and everyone should go follow right now immediately thanks,
Bobby grumbled into his eggs.
“Pssh, whatever.  You asked him to stay the night at a friend’s house, didn’t you?”
“One day you and me’ll take a road trip upstate, see the country or something.”
“There.  Now go look in the mirror.”
Cas stares at him.
, and he had been forced into a stiff button down, he wasn’t even allowed to wear one of his t shirts, and a fucking tie, how disgusting.
“I should have healed you before we started.”
“Damn, rough night?”
“I don’t care,” Cas is dragging his hands down Dean’s stomach and if they don’t stop soon, Dean won’t.
“I told them not to,” Cas responds, not taking his eyes off of Dean’s face, “I figured you’d need a little time.  Many of them have been here for years, they forget that it takes some getting used to, especially for someone stubborn like you.”
He waits.
“You ready?” Cas extends his hand to Dean, and this time Dean is the one that takes it without hesitation.
“Alrighty.”
“Twist my arm.  You know, I’ve never actually used the tub.  Not really a bath kinda guy.”
“Who knew you were this into sports?”
“I didn’t, Cas played wingman and then ditched me.”
Dean definitely doesn’t think about the literal fire between him and Cas.
“Well I am just that smart, and expert if you will,” he laughs as Cas rolls his eyes, he had forgotten how easy it could be with him, especially when he wasn’t standing in his own way,
“You’re going to say that he’s too pretty and too rich and too high class for you, but did you think about that once for more than five seconds last night?”
He thinks, fleetingly, about being honest with Jo.  He thinks about telling her that he feels…something for Cas, and it has been changing, he doesn’t even know what it is, and he’s too afraid to look too deep into it because what if it was something scary, something that could change them.  Dean didn’t want to change them.
Cas broke free of the clawing hands and vicious screams of the Croats for a moment, a heartbeat, just long enough to look out the window and see Dean on the ground.  Impossibly, maybe Cas is imagining it, they lock eyes.  He knew what Dean had done.  He knew that he had willingly sacrificed them, sacrificed
“They don’t want to get involved unless you say yes to Michael.”
“You’re going to hang out with them?  After you literally told three of them to fuck off last night?”
“Those aren’t-”
“Don’t push on my cast, Adrienne will have your head.”
She hangs up.  Dean stands on the dirty city sidewalk, watching the cars and the people walk in and out of the bars and restaurants lining the streets.  He runs his hands through his hair, cursing himself.  He was really trying to get better, trying to put her first, hell, they had been together so long sometimes it felt like he was putting an extension of himself before anyone else, but then again, you probably didn’t get in fights with your right arm every week either.  He really does feel really guilty, she had probably had Ben spend the night at a friend’s house for this, hadn’t made dinner.  He was a shit boyfriend.  Fuck.
They traveled the rest of the way in near silence, Cas humming occasionally to break the tension.  This was so weird, it was so weird to be next to Dena but not really be next to Dean.  He couldn’t just reach out and take his hand, or run his fingers through his hair, which was almost reflexive at this point, so he had to actively stop himself from doing it.
“Dean-” Cas started to say, but he wasn’t going to let him get that far.  Dean stood up, swung his bag over his shoulder, and headed to the door.  At the threshold, he turned back and looked at Cas.
“If you say sorry one more time, I’m going to throttle you.”
“Didn’t even open it.  Now come on, kid.  Can you walk?”
“I’m many millennia old, I don’t think I ever had a date assigned.”
“Dean, the time is coming soon.  Sam will say yes to Lucifer.  You must say yes to me.”
“I know how much you hate gin, if I knew this was happening, I wouldn’t have consumed three gin and tonics.”
“My dad kicked me out when I was sixteen.  I told you our whole, well, that he was kinda shitty but yeah.  He um, well um, he caught me.  Caught me and this kid, this guy, from the town we were in, and he kicked me out.”
“Oh yeah, that was great.”
Cas stares at him for a solid ten seconds before composing himself enough to answer.
“I’m eternally grateful you ran to my apartment that day, that you explained why you’d been such an ass.  I’m glad you’re telling me this now, I hope it helps you heal.”
“That was when I was an angel.  Times change and so do I.”
August 10, 2010
They stare at each other.
“Yeah?  I thought some of that stuff was pretty cool.”
He hands her the potato peeler and two bags of potatoes.  She stares at them, incredulous.
“I can tell, you ever heard of going digital?  Save the planet?”
“Hm,” Anna looks him up and down again, and Dean feels hot all over, but not the good kind of hot he feels when Cas looks at him.  He’s uncomfortable and his suit is hot and Cas’ sister doesn’t like him and he wants to leave and never look back.
Cas laughed and Dean cracked a genuine smile.
“But you’d be putting him in a more stable place.  Listen, I gotta go get Ben from baseball, but just think about it, you know?  I really think it’s right for us.”
in 24 hours and becoming convinced she would be his Tan France.  He waves to Charlie and Benny on the couch, slaps Sam on the back, and slams into Cas on his way out the door.  Cas smiles at him and kisses him on the cheek, and Dean heads to the Lisa’s with a warmth in his stomach that he can’t explain.
“You’re fine, how many times have I heard it from you?  Stop being a baby.  Plus it’s not like it…anyway.”
“So what’s the plan then?”
“Well, can cross that one off the bucket list.”
“It’s not just an alien movie, it’s a commentary on the choices we make, and whether we’ll alter them if we know the future.”
tattoos that adorned her arms and shoulders.
“Oh,” great, that’s good Dean, nice, “Hey.”
“He hasn’t, and we’ll find them.”
They have to get through like three gates to get to the winding driveway leading up to the house, and it’s just as huge as Dena expected, a classic northeastern mansion, colonially white with dark shutters, a large porch, white balloons and topiaries decorating every spare inch of driveway and lawn.
Cas laughs, putting moisturizer on his face.
“Yes, because I am the most generous person in the world.”
The name seems wrong for Cas, and Dean looks around instinctively for him and sees him in the corner with some tall dude.  He remembers, dimly, that Cas had mentioned that there would be some of his old high school and college friends at this thing, but that does nothing to stem the mixture of panic, anger, and fear that floods Dean when he sees them standing together.
“But it’s, I’m just working through some stuff right now.”
Nah, it’s not.
Dean’s the one to break the kiss, and he turns towards his record player, putting on Led Zeppelin II as Cas sighs impatiently.
“Yes.”
“Why is it turning into annoy Dean day?”
.  That’s a great movie.
“I just said it was good, this doesn’t mean you can drag me to some movement piece where all the do is dance around and make weird noises.”
Cas looked out the windshield and saw Michael, well, Michael’s vessel, in the road.  Waiting for Dean.
If this is the Heaven he deserves, surely he should be blissfully happy, so why does it feel like a piece of himself is missing, locked in a place that he will never be able to find.  He doesn’t mention it to anybody, but he feels like there’s whispering behind him when he gets too quiet at the Roadhouse or at his mother’s house when he stops by for dinner.
He pushes the thought from his mind.  They had agreed, they wouldn’t tell anyone.
“It doesn’t have to be perfect, it just has to be true to you, which it will be.  You’re a great cook and a great host.”
“When have you-”
There are only two of Cas’ siblings at the table when they approach.  Anna, sitting primly upright in a green dress that, even Dean had to admit, looked pretty stunning, even though the bitter taste of their last encounter still stung his mouth, and Gadreel, who was in a suit and tie, clearly not coming from work, Dean had expected scrubs.
“Lots of people have fucked families, Dean.  You aren’t unique for having a shitty childhood, and knowing Cas, I don’t think he’s going to hold that against you.  Plus, I’m proud of you, how far you’ve come, how you’ve turned your shit around, it’s really a good thing.”
“Goodnight Dean.”
“Yeah okay.”
“Dean, for someone that’s so smart, that has a fancy engineering degree and does math all day, why aren’t you smarter?”
“You’ll see me tomorrow,” Cas reminded him, letting them both catch their breath.
He hears a soft knock on his door after about twenty minutes, but Cas doesn’t give him a chance to respond before he’s in, closing the door quietly behind him and sliding next to Dean with his back to the wall, so they were shoulder to shoulder.
“Nothing, as usual,” Charlie sighs, staring wistfully into space, “I met up with that girl from the Halloween party, but there wasn’t really anything there.  No spark.”
“Come on Dean,” Cas pulled at his coat, “Come on.”
Dean watched him from the corner of his eyes.  It made Cas feel like he was under a microscope.
“Okay,” Dean kisses him again, and it takes him another twenty minutes to walk out the door.
Dean is so stunned by this turn of events that he can’t speak.
“You talk to Sam?” Cas asks the second that Dean walks into his house, setting down his bag by the door and toeing off his shoes.  The TV is on playing Dean’s favorite shitty TV show, and Cas is walking towards him with his favorite beer.  He’s fucking lucky to have Cas sometimes.
“Oh come on, you can do better than that.  If we’re going to be seeing more of each other, I want to know more about you.”
“Touch has a memory.” – John Keats
“And if you want me to help you with shit in the morning I’d like to go to bed before dawn.”
Dean huffs a laugh and rolls his eyes, but he knows that his answers are not satisfactory for Cas.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, pulling on his hair, wanting him as close as possible.
“You’re not allowed to leave.”
“Have a good time,” Sam says as he shuts the door, no doubt to study his weird law books and geek out to National Geographic all night.
“You’re no fun, Dean,” Cas pushes his shoulder playfully, and Dean immediately tries to get him in a headlock.  It predictably turns into a three against one battle, Dean being the one, Benny and Charlie always quick to jump to Cas’ aide.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“You’re good, it looks great so far.  I’ll let you know, though, that the shading is a lot of black, so it’ll be a little more intense.  You sure you don’t need anything?”
Eventually, after much deliberation whether or not he should simply become a statue exactly where he was standing, he uproots himself and gets the ice, returning to the shop with a smile on his face that they can all see through, but when asked about it, he does what he’s always done best, he pushes it away, turns his head, makes a joke.  It’s easier that way.  It’s easier that way.  It’s easier that way.
It was a peace that lasts several weeks, Dean hangs out with the gang when he can, but spends most of his time with her, soaking up the fact that their relationship is actually in a good place for once, trying not to take a second of it for granted.  Of course, they’re both stubborn, type A personalities, and that means their loud opinions couldn’t be ignored for long.
He offers his hand to Castiel.
echoed in his head.
“Cas?” Dean is incredulous, he cannot comprehend why Cas would be calling him from jail.  From jail??
“Of course.”
“That’s great, but more studying?  Damn dude, you really gotta learn to stop learning.”
“Yes.”
Charlie, Sam, Jo, and Benny are waiting for them in the swanky lobby, Charlie tapping her foot impatiently on the shiny tile floor.
“You’re not doing a very good job,” whispered Cas as Dean’s fingers started fumbling with the buttons on Cas’ jeans.
“Some place I hadn’t been in New Haven, very Cas.”
“What did they say to you?”
Charlie hums the first few bars of “Puppy Love,” and they all laugh as Sam crams himself into the car, face a little red.
“You’re sure?  I’ll make the stencil now, but if you-”
“We’re loaded and on the road by midnight.”
than ten million.”
Cas looks at the floor, hiding a sad smile.
“My wingman?  What for?”
“Amazing contrast mostly, and you can be really delicate and detailed with mostly black and grey stuff.  I’m not really into the old school scene, you know those tattoos you see with thick lines and bright colors?  Yeah, that’s what I was trained on, what I apprenticed on, anyway, but I always like the outline stuff, the line work, so I guess I just added to that.  You know, I kinda wanted to get into that whole watercolor thing, but I really need a base outline when I work, it almost like gives me anxiety to not have something to fill in.  I have watercolor work, I think it looks super fucking cool, but tattooing it?  I don’t know, I guess I just need more control, sorta like coloring within the lines, maybe.”
“Yeah yeah okay,” says Sam, picking up the controller, “Which one?”
The drive to Camp Chitaqua was deadly quiet, even with
“You’ve been acting weird about Cas for months, and I thought that maybe, just maybe, you had finally gotten off your ass and done something about how you feel about him.  And then I hear that you got into a fight and you aren’t even talking?  What the fuck Dean?  Like you can ruin your own life I guess, I think it’s stupid but whatever, but what about me?  Like now Cas won’t even be a part of my life.  And that sucks!  He hasn’t even met Jess yet!”
“Uh, I don’t know about that.”
“I don’t want to influence you.”
“Yeah, I’m sure,” Dean doesn’t really know what to say…again.  He doesn’t speak rich person and Cas isn’t there to save him, too wrapped up in whatever he and that guy were still talking about over there.
“Right back at ya,” Dean slurs, earning him a slap on the back of the head from Sam.
“Three grand?  What the fuck-”
“I know you are, and I’m sorry about Anna, she’s never really been great about me being, ah, into men.  So I shouldn’t be surprised but I shouldn’t have dragged you into it with no warning.”
“Well, since you asked so nicely.”
“Just my watch since I’m waiting on you.”
What the hell is he supposed to do?
“Is this where ‘Kashmir’ is from?  Because I looked up that song after we met.  It’s good, I like it.”
He doesn’t feel like there’s much that can surprise him anymore.  He remembers when they had spent three days and multiple twitter polls trying to figure out what the hell to name the band, and Cas had laughed at Benny’s suggestion of
“That can definitely be arranged,” Sam tosses the PlayStation controller to Dean and collapses into his chair, while Charlie curls closer to Dean, holding his hand, and Dean is grateful for her, grateful for Sam, in spite of it all, he’s glad they made him go over there, glad that he can finally take a step forward.
They bridge the gap between each other simultaneously, and Dean feels like a part of his heart he’s kept so dead and buried has finally awakened, ready to make him whole, as he’s always meant to have been.
Sam laughs.
“I suppose I should go find Rowena and Belphegor, make sure they’re not in trouble.”
Dean wrangles Benny and Charlie into stuffing prep as he seasons and sets the turkey in the oven.
“Why do you only tolerate vanilla sex when it’s with me?”
Castiel seems to pick up on the fact that there’s twenty million things Dean’s not saying, but he doesn’t ask, and Dean is already being way too honest, probably scaring him off, getting his half wish of making this their one and only date.  The anxiety of oversharing starts to hit him, and he huffs a laugh to hide that his heart is beating irregularly, the way that it beats hurts a little, the way that Dean hates.
It’s like holding water in between his fingers.  There’s no way he can hold on.  He should have known, you know, he should have known this was coming because good things aren’t just good, there’s always a flip side.  Cas is looking at him, confusion written all over his face, but Dean, he can’t do this.  He can’t.
Dean and Cas headed for the Impala, Chuck back at Dean’s side.
“Thanks so much,” Dean slides into bed next to him, sighing happily at the feeling of warm skin next to his, “Glad I could make your night a little better.”
“He needs to see-listen, I don’t want to talk about that.”
August 7, 2014
“Oh I’m sorry, did you want a day off?”
“You’ve been going to a club?  By yourself?” she asks, putting a hand to his forehead, “Are you okay?”
He and Castiel proceed to get pretty spectacularly drunk.  Castiel is one of the few people on earth that seems to be able to drink Dean under a table, and they find a place to sit, facing each other while the bar moves around them, like lines of traffic circling around construction.  Dean learns Castiel has four brothers and one sister.  All of them are named after angels, his parents were history professors and had a thing for the names.  Castiel was the third youngest, only older than his sister, Anael, and his youngest brother, Samandriel.  His older brother Gadreel was the ER nurse at Mount Sinai, and he had family dinners with his siblings at least once a month.  The two oldest brothers, Gabriel and Balthazar were in the entertainment business, Gabriel was in casting and Balthazar worked in live theater.  Anael, or Anna, was a very successful writer that wrote horror novels under a pseudonym, and Samandriel was a chef in an upscale restaurant.  They lamented the pranks they wish they could have pulled on their younger siblings together, and Dean definitely did not notice the way Castiel’s eyes crinkled when he laughed too hard.
“You know,” Dean turns to him, “You’re my brother, how do you know it wasn’t something that Cas did?”
“So, Dean, Castiel tells us you have a brother,” Gadreel turns all eyes on him after the appetizers (filet mignon bites and shrimp, because of course) arrive at the table.
Sam looks up from his book, sprawled out and looking like he was at least ten feet tall.  Dean was still sorta pissed he didn’t get the tall genes.  It’s not fair.
Dean’s moving like he’s in a dream, like he’s running through this thick molasses, his movements slow but deliberate.
outfit, so he turns back to Cas, who’s leaning across the table, still in Dean’s space, and he realizes Castiel is tracing the lines of the twisting highway, leading up to snowcapped mountains on his right forearm.  Dean would normally turn and run in the other direction at this, it was too intimate and just way too
“I thought this would like, scare you off.  My big bad breakup or whatever.”
May 9, 2014
They lay there, making out like horny fucking teenagers, for who knows how long.  Dean swears he’s never had a make out session this good.  Castiel just knows, he knows what’s going to make Dean arch into him, was going to draw those low, guttural noises from his chest, what’s going to make him ache in all the right ways.
“Don’t be, how many times have I come crying to you about my relationships?  Do you want to stay here tonight?  Crash on the couch?”
Forty five minutes later, Dean and Cas are sitting at the little breakfast nook table, facing each other, the city sparkling around them, as Dean explains his menu as he would explain any labor of love.
“As in where Lucifer is supposed to be?”
“Need I remind you that we have one chance to make a good impression on Eileen?  This is no time to burn the vegetables, Sam.”
“We can fight this, I can fix this.”
Dean sighs, his hands gripping the steering wheel tighter in frustration.
“So that’s where you go?  When you go off for days?  When you fuck off somewhere and don’t tell anyone?  Don’t tell me?  You’re in here, torturing demons with your guard dogs outside?”
“You can’t even look at me.”
Charlie and Benny animatedly discuss everything from the lighting to very specific lines on the way home, and continue their discussion as Dean cooks them all dinner (nothing fancy, just some burgers that he can make in the pan and some frozen tater tots because he’s a culinary master).
He runs to the station, runs to the train, breathes too hard the whole way to the island, runs all the way from the station to Cas’ place on Park.
Cas doesn’t say anything else, just slides down into a sitting position on the floor, his back still on the counter.
Those words shouldn’t make warmth spread like warm honey through his veins but they do, and he can feel the heat of his blush stinging the cold air around him.  He grins at his own feet, not wanting to give away how pleased he was.
“I’m not, just pointing out that you don’t often go on second dates.”
“Yeah, it’s pretty cool.  What about you, how’s your dealing going?”
Jo leaves the next week to go back to college in California, and enlists Dean to take her to the airport in Providence on Saturday.  Charlie and Ellen offer to tag along, but she waves them down, telling them that summer will be here before they know it.
They spend the rest of the evening chatting with Ellen, being graced by Charlie every so often as she travels between her nerd friends and them, begging free drinks out of Ellen with false promises that she would pay her friends’ tab at the end of the night.  Ellen was too smart to believe it, but never strict with Charlie like she was with the rest of them.  Charlie had always been able to get away with anything, probably because she was so goddamn smart and nice, damn her.
Dean takes a shaky breath as Cas continues his delicate work, nose touching the blue rose Pamela had done for him, running his palm over the watercolor pond lily scene on the back of his forearm, inspired by Monet, his favorite painter.  There’s more negative space on his right arm, the rose’s only partner the simple script from Vonnegut on his wrist “so it goes,” waiting to be filled when Dean gets the itch to get something else, but Cas continues on his journey of learning the constellations of Dean’s body, as reverent as a priest performing mass.  Dean had never appreciated the phrase “your body is a temple” until Cas’s tongue was on his chest, tracing the perfectly detailed elephant on his upper stomach, teeth grazing the swallows on his hipbones.
“Do what without me?  I’m relatively certain that there are plenty of people that are better trained, better prepared for this than me.”
“Sorry,” he whispers against Cas’ mouth.
Dean rolls his eyes, trying to force his brain to sober up.
“Okay.”
“Should I stop being mopey?”
“Wow, someone had a good night,” Charlie mocks from the front counter, as Dean stumbles in a full half an hour late for opening, thank god Pamela has a set of keys.  He was pretty sure the shirt he was wearing was backwards, his shoes were untied.  He was pretty much a mess from start to finish.
“She’s been complaining like this for the last hour, please can we get her some food before I go crazy?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, trying desperately to remain casual and missing by about ten miles, “You too.  I hope you sell all these weird paintings.”
Their dates can be as simple as a five minute lunch break when Dean comes up for air at the shop, Cas rubbing his tried, cramped, ink-stained hands, to as romantic as meeting at the empty gallery that Cas still has a key to, dancing to folk songs in the softly lit open area, holding onto each other with a gentleness that Dean has never known.
Dean is dumbfounded, his mouth is moving but no words come out.
“Aren’t you cold?”
“I’ll call this bathroom partially mine when we fuck in that tub, that will christen this bathroom to me.”
First there was the light, light like the sun which was never seen through choking smoke, and then the sound.  Cas could still hear the angels, even if he wasn’t one of them, so while Dean covered his ears and screwed up his face in pain in the alley, Cas could hear Lucifer crying out in joy.  He finally had his vessel.
“Okay chef, well give it here.”
“That is your choice.”
“Dibs on what?”
They walk down the much quieter streets, heading toward their apartment, no sound but the rumble of the city behind them and the thud of their own boots.  It’s nice to have Sam back, especially because Sam is one of the few people on this earth that doesn’t feel the need to fill every empty space with a word, he’s cool with just hanging out in silence, and Dean is too.  Maybe they’re related or something.
Dean is left stunned by her words.  Charlie, with all her silliness and her craziness and her love for stupid memes and dabbing ironically even though now she can’t stop, was smarter than she ever let on, and Dean had always known that, but damn, this is the second time in like two weeks.
“I know what you need,” Dean picks up the remote to Cas’ TV and puts on Cas’ favorite TV show, a guilty pleasure that he would only admit to when he was really, truly drunk, “XOXO.”
“Breathe Cas.  I’m here.  Benny’s here.  Charlie’s here.  We got you.”
Cas, in a t shirt and jeans, with messy hair and a wide smile on his face, striding towards Dean.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“You really are looking for a fight today,” Cas smiles at him, and there’s a note of danger behind it, always a thrill.
More than anything, Dean remembers the pain.
It’s fine, he just has four missed calls and ten texts from Lisa, which looked like they got shorter and progressively angrier as the evening had worn on.  He’s so fucked, and not in the good way.
“Talk to him about it.”
“Oh I know how long it lasted.  Trust me.  I think there’s a couple of people in Russia that didn’t hear you if you want to go for round two.”
“You want me to find someone that’s into what you are?  You gotta help me out man.”
Of course, right when he gets that balance, an invisible force pushes him.
He gets to learn how to fish, how to cook better burgers than even Ellen, he works on the Impala.  He and Jo dance to every Bon Jovi song on the jukebox, and Dean drives until he finds a deserted clear lake in the shadow of a mountain, and he builds himself a little cabin, where he can come when he wants to get away, his own slice of Heaven in Heaven itself.  It’s great, but there’s still that hollow ache that sometimes creeps in at certain moments: when “Kashmir” plays on the jukebox, when the sky turns from orange to dusky pink when the sun sets, when the lake turns a perfect shade of blue.
“Ha ha,” says Sam, punching Dean on the shoulder, “Seriously though, Dean, thanks for coming tonight."
“Next Monday, they’re starting me as a clerk until I pass the bar, so just one more big test and then they said that I can start working my own cases.”
“Where do you think you’re going?” Cas asks, laying back on the pillows looking like a literal Adonis, with his messed up hair and those shoulders, those arms, those thighs, those eyes.
“I get it Dean.  I really do get it, but I feel like we both just need some time.”
“Would you come to dinner with me next week?”
“I don’t charge my friends.”
“You know I’m, not stupid right?”
Dean’s yearly tradition is to get absolutely shitfaced during thanksgiving, watch the Parade and the National Dog Show, and then cook semi drunk and be hungover by 5pm.  A beautiful tradition really, one that he and Charlie took very seriously, but Sam had bitched at them so much about being respectable at their first dinner with Eileen that they had been forced to reign it in, only finishing three beers a piece and correctly picking the Bulldog as the winner of the show.
“Ran into Cas,” Sam says carefully, watching Dean from the kitchen.  Dean’s whole body tenses, and Charlie puts a steadying hand on his arm.
Cas is bleeding.
Dean himself falls asleep on the couch, pinned there by Cas, and he wakes up a couple of hours when Cas stirs, sitting up and stretching.
“Oh that’s great, good to hear.  What’s the job?”
“Alright, we all know where we’re going,” Dean started, his voice deep and powerful, commanding attention, “But this time, we can expect far more resistance than we’re used to.  Obviously, we can’t kill Lucifer without the Colt, but if we have a chance to do both, then we might as well ice him while we have the chance.”
“Why me?” Charlie shouts indignantly across the table.
“That this is your chance to save humanity, Dean.  We cannot help if you don’t say yes.”
“Art takes time,” Dean tells him, trying to act like nothing was happening.
Cas laughs softly, looking at the pictures taped to Dean’s wall.  They were a mishmash of memories throughout his life, reminding him of his journey, his growth, the past mistakes and the past victories, black and white and color snapshots of tiny moments with those that he loved; as permanent and beautiful as the tattoos that littered his skin.
He feels Cas’s lips press into the joinder of his neck and shoulder.
“Cas?” he calls out, thinking that, surely, Cas had fought the Leviathan and gotten away.  Just like last time.
As predicted, Cas and Charlie turn into best friends in about five minutes.  Cas listens intently as Charlie breaks down the different levels of JRR Tolkien’s language usage in
Dean feels like his brain is turning to soup at the volume of music that’s coming out of the bar.  So this is why Cas wears earplugs all the time, he’d be deaf within ten seconds if he didn’t.  Dean screws up his face as he gets closer to the object of his quest, who’s currently playing the bass with so much enthusiasm Dean really has no hope of reaching him until the set’s over.  So Dean is forced to wait, sticking his fingers in his ears, which earns him a serious bitchface from Benny on the drums, making him glad that he was out of arm’s reach.  He leans against the wall, head moving to the music in spite of his bad mood.  He liked this new set, he and Sam would have to come down an watch it when they performed it later.  Just not at 6pm on a fucking school night.
“Do what?”
lmaooooo that THIS is the chapter that gets posted on Valentine's Day.  So uh yeah, this would be the angst I've been referring too, and my boy Dean is gonna have to do some serious growing amiright?  In spite of the ~angst~ I hope you guys enjoy, and I'd love to talk about it! :)
“The guy from the art gallery?” Charlie yells, grabbing Dean’s arm, “the very hot guy that you said is too hot for you?”
Andrea meets them at the station in Harlem, and they walk together towards the gallery, Dean leading the pack, desperate to see the finished product that Cas had been working so hard on.
Dean smiles at that because god knows that Pamela knows him better than just about anybody.
He lets out a shaky breath, thinking about how warm Cas is, how much Dean likes behind held by him, tries not to think about how little he fucking deserves to be held by him, by a man who can purchase the place that he lives like it’s nothing, who takes UberBlack for god’s sake.
“Can we talk Cas?”
As the infection spread, they took in survivors and soon enough, the house was full to bursting.  There were people sleeping in barns, and everyday more came, brought by hunters, friends of Bobby’s, friends of Ellen and Jo’s, everywhere.
“Am I really that obvious about them?”
Like waking up from the bad dream that was my life before him.
“Please Dean?”
“Hmm?”
Castiel is staring at him, lips slightly parted, eyes narrowed, a vision in a trench coat that cost more than Dean’s whole life.
It turns into a multi-part game of hot potato between Benny, Charlie, and Pamela, and Dean, running from person in a futile attempt to get it back is internally thanking himself for getting a super-protective case as the phone flies over his head towards Benny, who catches it and leans away from Dean.
“Great,” Risa said, staring angrily at Dean, her voice dripping sarcasm, “Have we got anything that can
Cas looked over at the worn clock on the kitchen wall.
together?”
Cas smiled at him, and Dean pressed a totally sober, not at all sloppy kiss to the side of his mouth.
“Well,” Dean said, stretching, “that’s because you’re pretty much an alien.  Cooler than the Tralfamadorians, though.”
“Hey Sam, are you part vacuum cleaner?” Charlie asks as he gets his second plate, right as she’s sitting down with her own.
“Something’s…not right?”
“You get used to it.”
“Where’re you going?” Charlie asks, staring from him to Sam, and Sam just shakes his head, as suspicious of Dean as she is, but he pays them no mind, already pulling on his boots, lacing them up, patting his pockets for his wallet, his phone, his keys.  He looks at them both.
“You know it’s in LA right?  He’s moving to Los Angeles.”
“The problem is that you aren’t straight, Dean.  You just aren’t.  Can you pull your head out of your ass for ten seconds and fucking realize that?”
“Sure you can, Restaurant Dean, open whenever I’m awake and feel like cooking.”
“Okay, let’s take a look here,” Dean plops heavily into one of the rickety, mismatched chairs, and pulls Sam’s book towards him.  He and Sam work quietly for a few minutes, with Benny and Charlie scrolling through their phones.  Well, now was as good a time as any.
Dean has no clue where he’s going.  He just gets in the Impala and…goes.  He doesn’t have anywhere to be, he doesn’t have to be anywhere.  The sky is clear, a cloudless blue, the temperature is perfect, and he can drive with the windows down, rolling through the asphalt that cut through the forest, listening to his favorite cassettes.
“So,” Cas starts quietly, rubbing Dean’s shoulder in a comforting way, “that didn’t go great.”
“I don’t know, dark hair, tall,” broad shoulders, he thinks, dyed hair, delicate hands, “someone nice I guess.”
Dean takes a second to just look at Cas.  Look at everything from his blue hair to his blue eyes, which are full of concern for Dean.
“I can’t go with you.”
They come down from their high, limbs tangled together, carefully avoiding the wet spot on Dean’s duvet, which is going to be so fucking annoying to take to the laundromat.  Dean presses their foreheads together, mostly sober now, and he closes his eyes, breathing in the smell of Cas’ sweat and a little bit of cigarette smoke, probably from one of his siblings.
“Ugh, that guy has a douchebag name.”
“You like it though, right?”
“Are you sure, man?  I don’t want to, like, put you out or anything.”
Cas reappears to give Dean one of his looks.  He has a tie around his neck, buttons of his shirt halfway undone.  Dean wants nothing more than to take that tie and drag him over to the bed.  Fuck this stupid dinner.
“Hm.”
“You’re picky tonight, you sound so enthused.”
“You have a crush on this hot art dealer, and you like, never get crushes on people.  Feeling like you’re gonna die is kinda one of the perks.”
“Brown, my parents were…insistent that I go to an Ivy League School, and Rhode Island was at least a couple of hours away from their house in Westchester.”
Cas and Risa exchanged a worried look, at least he knew he wasn’t the only one who didn’t like this.
Cas is clearly trying to ignore Dean, who begins kissing delicately down his bicep.  Cas stills a little.
Please please go check out all of marsajar's truly gorgeous art on
“Okay, you’re on your own for a bit.  Take a load off, sleep.  Bathroom’s down the hall.  Holler if you need anything, I’ll be just downstairs.”
He grins at Dean as he comes around the corner and Sam looks at him with concern written all over his face.
Cas was breathing hard through his nose, trying to calm himself down.
“Anna.”
Dean had expected to stay at the bar for at least a couple of hours after their set.  He figured they’d all want to be the center of attention for a while, they’d earned at least that much.  He thought that Charlie and Benny would monopolize the crowds of fans that were swarming like ants around the green room door, that he might just have a few seconds to try and express to Cas just how he felt about that new song.
“I thought you’d gotten over trying to label me.”
Dean looks down at himself.  He doesn’t feel all that different, he mostly just been too busy at work to eat lunch recently, maybe that was it.
“How do you mean?”
Dean feels the way he did when he was four again: almost weightless with excitement.  He doesn’t even pause, just stands up and starts dragging Cas to the Impala, speeding towards the Roadhouse and the idea of his very own birthday party in nearly forty years.
“And I you.”
“Come inside, I have something to show you.”
Dean and Cas approached the house.  It was eerily quiet.  The sound of the Croats was distant now, and there wasn’t a demon in sight.  They looked around, waiting for the attack.
“I’ll think about it when we get there.  That’s all I’m promising.”
“I’d rather hear your terrible voice than nothing at all.  Come on, buddy, stay awake for me.”
Dean appeared at that moment, pulling a t-shirt over his head.
Dean pretended like nothing was different.  He smiled at the people around him, hunted the infected people so they could have enough food for everyone, and spent his free moments under the Impala, but Cas could see the change in him.  Slowly, his shoulders were hunching, his laugh lines were fading, and the bags under his eyes were growing.  When Cas mentioned this, Dean scoffed at him, said it was all “part of the job.”
“You don’t.  Part of the relationship is trusting that they won’t break you.”
“I’m not doing anything wrong, because we aren’t in a relationship.”
They barricade the door to the dungeon.  But there’s no trap in the world that can stop what’s coming for him.  Cas knows that, but Dean, he can see, can’t face it.
“The point is you not burning down the place so we all have a place to stay,” Benny grins at her.
“Dude, that movie rocks.  Plus the main guy’s name is Linguini and who doesn’t want to be named after pasta.”
“Dean Winchester.”
“You’ve disfigured me.”
“When did you get so smart?”
“What brings you to Brooklyn, then?  No Halloween-themed galas you can go to?”
Dean lets Cas talk, hand resting on his chin, taking it all in.  How he was ever stupid enough to let this go was completely beyond him.  Cas was so much more than an art dealer, than a guy he met at a bar, than a guy whose smile could probably cure cancer.  He was an activist, a lover, a terrible artist, though he tries, a great listener, a good friend, the best damn sex Dean Winchester had ever had, and it had taken Dean far too long to notice that.
He still remembers when Dean gave him the tape.  It was one of the only times he had ever seen Dean shy, but he had come to Cas with his eyes to the floor, more red in the face than he ever would have admitted, and had pushed the tape into Cas’ hands.  Cas remembered reading the label and looking up at Dean, knowing how much this meant to him.
“You just have that on hand?”
“With what?  The drugs aren’t going to kill me, you aren’t stupid.  And it’s not exactly like I’m out on the open road right now,” he gestured down at his leg, “It’s the end of the world Dean, I’m allowed to live my life.”
“I know what you’re going to say, so don’t even bother.”
Dean just kind of wormed his way under Cas’ arm.  A gesture of affection that was beyond rare.  They didn’t say anything else, but listened to “The Song Remains the Same” play itself out on the record player.
“You better get laid for all this, this menu looks more complicated than a college band’s marching pattern,” Charlie pipes up, looking over his shoulder as he triple checks his list.
Fuck, that scares the shit out of him.
He didn’t say anything, because he knew better than anybody that no one else can talk the self-hatred out of you, you have to do it yourself.  So he settled for simply taking Dean’s and putting his head on his shoulder, sliding the whiskey bottle away from him for good measure.
“Understood, fearless leader.”
Dean scoffs, looking up at Cas from his position on the couch.  God, he’s like something out of
He knew Dean wanted him to give him an answer to tell him unequivocally yes or no.  Yes, say yes to Michael, stop the apocalypse the way it was meant to be stopped, be damned the loss.  Or, say no, and hope that Sam stayed strong and stays away from Lucifer.
“Lucky guess,” her smile and little look to Sam was telling, and Cas couldn’t keep a smile off his face either, Dean’s happiness, his spirit was infectious.  It had been so so long since Cas had seen Dean happy like this, it made his chest feel kinda tight for some reason, probably a human thing that he didn’t quite understand yet.
“If you’re coming, we’re debriefing in five and leaving in an hour.”
“This is the most beautiful Christmas tree in the world,” Cas sighs, taking a sip of his hot chocolate, relishing in the beautiful imperfections of being human.
Dean made a face at him,
“You cannot be that stupid.”
“It’s just, she always makes you feel like you’re a bad caregiver to him, and you aren’t.  You know that right, you’re not.  You’re not a bad brother because he lives-”
“Thanks.”
Cas makes an impatient noise and Dean laughs, taking the remote out of his hands and turning on some shitty rom com that he definitely does not like and enjoy because he’s way too manly for that.  Okay, he’s not, but don’t tell anyone that.
And Dean believes him.
“I have an actual child to feed, so keep your paws off until he’s had some.”
“So good of you to come.”
Dean chooses to ignore that, because he was not about to admit that he had thought about Castiel more than anyone should think about someone they met for ten minutes at an art gallery opening.
“Are you seriously okay?  I told you we were going to get you laid this weekend, or did you forget?”
“I can’t hide this,” Dean babbles, fingers touching the rose on his neck, pulling down on the skin like he can make the ink go away, the red, the black, the green, the hints of blue and yellow.  Cas stills his hands with his own.
Dean clamps his mouth shut, letting Cas runs his hands gently through his hair, and Dean feels the emotions running up his throat, choking him, and he knows what’s coming and he knows he can’t stop it, even though he does not want to do this in front of Cas.
“You lured me here with sex so you could make me watch
Cas gets the tickets while, Charlie, Benny, and Dean scope out the snacks.  All overpriced, of course, but absolute necessities for any movie, especially an action movie.  Dean gets a thing of popcorn the size of his car and Sour Patch Kids for Cas, since they’re his favorite.
“Classic older brother, blaming the younger one for all the problems.”
He emerges from the consultation room (also the sketching room, and the break room…listen space is tight in New York City) to find that everyone else is already done for the day, just hanging around shooting the shit, waiting for a walk in that’s unlikely to come.  He pats his pockets for his phone, looking for the time.
Cas sensed a change in Dean.  He wouldn’t leave the property unless Cas was with him and refused to sleep out of the basement.  Cas was worried, and so was Bobby.  Bobby approached Cas a few days after their first run at Camp Chitaqua.  Cas had forced Dean to go shower, insisting that if he smelled him any more his nose would fall right off his newly human face.  Bobby was looking at Cas with tired eyes.  Cas was expecting some kind of big speech, some grand gesture where Bobby would explain the meaning of life or something to him.  There was none of that, but Bobby did give him two sentences that would stay with him for the rest of his life.
“Mmm,” Dean hums, burying his nose in Cas’s dark hair, which smells like sweat and come and the expensive shampoo Cas buys, “good to be back.  I miss anything?”
Why does Balthazar get to call him Cas?  That was Dean’s name for him, he had said so a couple months into them dating.  Dean was fiercely proud of that.  He didn’t want this asshole taking Dean’s name for him, even if that asshole was Cas’ brother.
“You’re family, Cas,” Pamela says simply, and they all chorus her, “Nothing we did can do it justice though, the place looks absolutely stunning.”
It’s too cold for him to be on the porch, so Dean sits and lets the car idle as he thinks about what he wants to do.  What part of him wants is to knock on Cas’ door and not leave again until they were both well and truly fucked.  And the other, more rational part of him wants to put the car in reverse and not ever talk to Cas about this ever.  Okay, maybe both schools of thought are pretty irrational.
“I have a kid to take care of,” he starts, but the danger in Ellen’s eyes grows by degrees, because she knows as well as he does that that’s a bullshit excuse and that Sam had been drinking Cokes at this bar since he was ten years old, listening to bands that Dean would insist were too loud to listen to without earplugs.  Ellen had started stocking them behind the bar when they moved in, and Dean still remembers when Sam would sit, eyes wide, staring at Cas and Charlie and Benny play their set, the orange earplugs sticking out of his ears as he swayed to the music, no rhythm even then.
What is happening right now?  Surely,
“I thought you said you liked hanging around them?”
He left and went back to the house, where several women were waiting for him.  He started out with his bullshit spiel, drawing them all into a circle as he took two pills from his pocket and swallowed them down dry.
The guy’s eyes travel down Dean, like he’s being x-rayed, and Dean finds himself desperately hoping that this guy isn’t one of the law partners Sam is supposed to impress.
Cas, beautiful, amazing, incredible Cas pulls out the ugliest looking flower in the universe.  A Leviathan blossom.
Dean laughs, because Charlie’s dumb jokes always seem to work on him, no matter how worked up he is.
“Cas doesn’t want his hair to burn off,” Cas yells from the bathroom, and Sam cracks open the door at his words, still giggling as he holds out the mixer.
Right as he’s composing his “sorry something came up I can’t make it” text, Charlie texts him, knowing him better than he knows himself.
“Glad I’m not the only one.”
“I’m not saying you can’t ask me, I just feel like I won’t have the best answers, I don’t have a degree from Harvard in interior art design or whatever.”
“Are you saying the slow, painful death caused by radiation sickness isn’t good conversation for a Saturday night?”
“I don’t know, Cas, we’ve gotta find a way to get them all outta here.”
"The truth is, sometimes I miss you so much I can hardly stand it." - Brokeback Mountain
“When did you see him?” he breathes, unable to look at anything but the edge of the worn and slightly dirty carpet on their floor.
“They loved that song, moron, if you rupture your vocal chords because of this shit I’m kicking your ass into the sound and letting you drown.”
“You were right, Cas.  I’m not straight.  Fuck, I haven’t been straight ever, but I’ve never wanted to admit that.  And being away from you has been the worst thing, because I want to be with you every fucking day.  I want to tell you everything, hear everything from you.  But I, I don’t want to go back to the way things were, you know?  Because I’m in love with you.  I think I’ve been in love with you for a long time, and I’m sorry it took me so long to say it.  To say that I love you and that, that I’m bi.”
“He and Eileen went for a run like forty-five minutes ago.  They said they’d bring back breakfast.”
“I’m not.”
“Why don’t you try to sleep?”
This chapter is very very very soft and I am soft for these boys.  Thank you guys so much for the love, the fact that this is in the The Destiel Fan Survey Favs Collection is literally so insane to me, I am so beyond grateful to all of you <3
He only catches dark, black air.
“Dean, you need to relax.”
“Goodbye Dean.”
He’s not so sure about that.
“You have to see it,” Castiel says, spinning pasta around his fork in a way that only he could make look delicate, “It really is amazing.”
“You okay?  You look like you just saw a ghost.”
“Have you, oh I don’t know, seen the state of your neck, Dean?” Charlie asks, raising her eyebrows at him.
“I get it.  We’re done in a while anyway, we can go grab dinner at that sushi place if you want.”
“Apologize to me?  What the hell for?”
“Dean.”
The music is loud, so glaringly, violently loud that it makes Dean feel like his ears are bleeding.  He heard it down the block as he walked toward the door, and he had to go in the front door instead of the designated entrance for the apartment upstairs, he wasn’t one to not make his feelings known, you know?  Especially when he’s in a bad mood, because he knows that Cas is always ready to verbally spar with him, and I he’s lucky maybe Charlie and Benny will start a real fight with him and he can get out some of his aggression.  That’s a good and healthy thing, right?  Very healthy way of coping.
“Yes, let me get that.”
“Bobby?”
“Listen to my words.  You say what you want.  You are not upstaging me.  Thank you for asking, but you aren’t.  Got it?”
“Dean I don’t have time for-”
“Yeah, I get that.”
“Well...Cas helped.”
Cas turns his head to hide his laugh, but before Dean can ask how soon until they can leave, they’re suddenly surrounded by people that want to pull Cas away from him and meet him with the kind of silent judgement that Dean was expecting.
“Dean.”
“Because I like screwing with you.”
Dean approached Cas, coming up behind him and helping him aim.
“Just say it Cas, I’m going to hear it later anyway.”
“Yeah, you’ve made that clear.”
“Dean?”
Dean picks up the phone he had tossed on the bedside table the night before.
“No… we did get it notarized at a bank though.”
“Okay, yeah, I’ll go.  Sure.”
His walk leads him to his favorite park, where he can sit and watch the water, watch the cars streaming in and out of the city, like ants working overtime to make their home the tallest it could be.  He can still taste Cas on his lips, which makes the memory of the night before, of the last few hours as sharp as the knives in Cas’ kitchen, and Dean resolves not to think about it, to let himself just enjoy this little bit of happiness the universe is throwing his way.  Granted, the resolve is easier thought about than acted upon.  But, like, baby steps, right?  Baby steps.
Cas finds him, predictably, after just a few minutes, as he’s leaning against the brick wall of Ellen’s, thinking about how things have somehow completely changed and don’t feel different at all.
“Some mountains.”
The bubble is broken.
His heart was going to burst out of his chest.  He was going to die.  Cas was fucking everywhere, all over the place, exactly in all the right places, a puzzle piece that Dean couldn’t live without, and he comes hard with Cas’ name on his lips, Cas matching him with his own name and his own climax.
March 12, 2013
“Yeah, how else is a girl supposed to make a living?” Dean snarks, falling into flirting with Castiel as easy as breathing.
At first, Dean doesn’t rest.  He sits, hunched against the cold metal bars of the headboard, fighting sleep that made his eyes itch and ache, begging him to fall asleep in a soft bed for the first time since that hotel in Oklahoma.  He had checked his bag the second Bobby had swung the door closed, and had found the gun he had stolen from John before he left, three bullets, his knife, the granola bars, and the last two pictures of his mother that he carried.  He breathes a sigh of relief when he finds the photos, worried that they had been taken from him when he was unconscious.
Ellen hugs him tight as he makes a move for the stairs when she finally closes up for the night, kicking them out and making them promise they’d be back the next weekend, and he returns it with enough enthusiasm that he picks her up off her feet, feeling his heart lighten at her laughter.
“I wondered where you guys went!  This explains so much.”
“New one?”
“Yeah?”
The words are coming from anger, half-forming in his mind then spilling out of his mouth.
“Cas I hope you can hear me.  That wherever you are, it’s not too late.”
It’s sorta punk and sorta pop and Cas keeps looking at him when he sweeps the crowd and for the first time in his life Dean understands why girls pass out when they see their favorite band, because he knows he’s not breathing, he knows that he won’t breathe until this song is over.  It doesn’t matter that he had heard the hook, heard snippets of the lyrics, heard the song from underneath the living room floor, he felt like one of the fans screaming for Cas in that moment, like he was about to thoroughly embarrass himself in front of his friends and his brother if he didn’t get ahold of himself ASAP.
“I’m not as important to everyone else.”
“Oh, you charge hourly?”
“Kinky,” Dean laughs as Cas throws a napkin at him, “But it’s okay, I’ve done that too, sometimes you can’t help it, but just do your best not to, it can ruin the ink and that’s the last thing you want to do, especially since it’s your first and all.”
“You’re a mother hen anyway.”
“I am, Gadreel has assured me that they’ll be on their best behavior.”
“Come on, you know.”
They stared at each other, both breathing hard.
“Fine,” Benny stretches and scratches his beard, “I’ll put the matches and the lighter fluid away then.”
“Yeah yeah whatever.”
“Sounds great to me, you know I’d do anything for her.  Anyway, I
Dean lifts his glass.
“Yeah, I do, yeah.”
“It’s perfect, Dean.”
“Sorry I-” Cas steadies himself, “Not something I usually shout to the world.  Not my issue to bring up.”
With a supreme effort he shakes off the feeling of Cas’ hands on his arms and Cas’ lips on his neck and that fucking painting on his wall.
“How do you mean?”
“Yeah?”
“We should fuck.”
“Cas…no…”
“Yes.”
Dean swaggers over to the bar, getting the fanciest whiskey he can and hides out in a corner, watching Sam as he clearly impressed, making the fancy-schmancy lawyers laugh and chatter.  Dean steals a mini quiche from a passing penguin-looking waiter and tries to massage the feeling back into his hand.  That four hour thigh piece he had done today had cramped up his hand like a bitch, he’s dog fucking tired, and he knew it would take ten million years to get back to their apartment because the G was down for “construction” which had been going on for, like, six months longer than expected.  Man, fuck this fancy art gallery opening being in Hell’s Kitchen, it was gonna be so annoying to get back to Brooklyn.
“When the hell did this happen?  Where have I been?  Was it at work?”
“And you haven’t seen him?”
“Where’s your shadow?”
Dean didn’t say anything else, but leaned into Cas’ shoulder, so briefly it could have been his imagination.  This was nice, as nice at the impending apocalypse could be, anyway.
says, anyway?”
“What for?”
Cas’ eyes snap to him, bright and interested.
“You are such a mom friend.”
He catches sight of himself in the mirror in Cas’s bathroom and, for a moment, he doesn’t recognize himself.  He recognizes the tattoos that Cas had just spent all those minutes paying attention to, he recognizes his lips, which are swollen and pink, and he recognizes his hair, which is sticking up in all directions, but there are marks that he doesn’t recognize.  They’re purple and red and pink, outlines of teeth, the starts of bruises.  “Love bites.” He had never understood the term before now, he had never been into biting or anything, he and Lisa were far from vanilla, but teeth were used sparingly, never enough to leave a mark.  Even during hookups, it was an area he stayed away from, generally.  But now?  With all these marks covering his skin, from his thighs to his neck, he finally understood the appeal.  He finds himself running his fingers over some of them, enjoying the slight pain the pressure he applied gave, each mark a memory, even though the night was far from over.
Dean pauses.  Yeah, that was definitely too much for a first date.
“You nervous?” Dean breaks the easy silence.  Cas looks over at him from whatever game he’s playing on his phone.
The garage he parks the Impala in is close to his and Sam’s apartment, which is a blessing, since Cas is getting handsy again the second they hit the sidewalk, and it takes all of Dean’s willpower not to drag him into an alley in the middle of the day.
She brought her favorite kite to the park, a pink and blue butterfly, and Dean’s in the middle of getting it ready, making sure the strings aren’t tangled, while Celeste is running circles around him, talking a mile a minute about Frozen 2 and how they should go see the musical together.  Dean’s laughing at her jokes and trying to get her to tie her shoes (it doesn’t work) when he sees something that makes his heart drop directly into his shoes, because god knows he’d recognize that dark hair anywhere.
“Cool, I’d like that.”
“Hey uh, me.  Can I talk to you for a sec?”
“Got it.”
“Listen, I know you’ve never been crazy about each other, but Ben has always been a good friend to Sam, and-”
Cas didn’t recognize his touch anymore.  It wasn’t skittering and gentle anymore but assured, powerful.  Like he was getting a lot of practice.
The way they agreement had become blurred, or how they had stopped adhering to it after that, the way they had kissed on New Year’s, and then had slept together during her birthday party.
Each phrase is more painful than the last.
Not a minute later, Charlie kicks open the door with two six packs of Dean’s favorite beer and wearing the Pikachu onesie she designated for holidays and celebrations.
“No one needs to keep an eye on me.”
“I get it, sweetie.  You holding up okay though?”
Dean smiled at Cas.
His brain can’t connect what’s happening, because he knows that voice, even in the darkness, he would always know that voice.
Cas walked to the door, half expecting Dean to stop him.  But then again, that was the Dean he met years ago, long before the apocalypse or before his brother said yes to Lucifer.  Things were very different now.
Cas, against his better judgement, against everything he had always been taught as an angel, acting on an instinct that was only present when he was with Dean, takes a step forward and takes Dean’s face in his hands.
“Scout’s honor.  Asshole.”
“Good.  I- Good.”
“Fine,” he says, “fine, Dean.  You don’t want me around?  That’s just fine, but you don’t have to spit insults at me, especially things that aren’t true.  But, as usual, I can’t change your stubborn mind.  I can’t make you see that I care about you, that my monetary situation and how anyone else feels about you is a nonfactor to me.  I won’t stay here where I’m not welcome.”
Castiel takes two steps forward, into Dean’s space, his hands curl around Dean’s jacket, the heat of his skin burning through Dean’s t shirt.
“You are a child.”
“Yeah, yeah of course.  I’ll be right there, I’ll call Adrian.”
“Dean, you’re like a board,” Cas sighs, trying to get him to stand somewhat normally so he could look at the suit.  It was a nice thing, dark burgundy purple with a black button up shirt, Dean knew he looked damn fine in it, especially the way Cas was looking at him while he handed him a selection of ties, and Dean, in spite of the fact that he feels like he’s been wrapped in duct tape, goes for the black one covered in rainbow polka dots, and Cas has this soft smile on his face as he ties it for him.
“Just came all the way out here on a Wednesday night to come to my shop?  Look, it’s not that I don’t find you-” gorgeous, fascinating, one of the most interesting people he’d met in months- “like, cool or whatever, but it’s just a little weird to me that you’d come all the way out here to come see me when we’ve only met like twice.”
“Yeah, he, he’s great.  We had a good time.  He took me to a play.”
“And breathe out,” Dean removes his hand from Cas’ mouth, and Cas huffs out a breath, “And in…and out…”
“Don’t worry about me,” Dean makes an effort to pull his face into a smile, “Can we, can we just enjoy the day?  That’s what all this was for anyway.”
It takes him ten seconds longer than it should to read the text, his brain forgetting how to read in the midst of his fear of Cas saying “No thanks, I’ve thought about it and I’ll be seeing someone who owns ten houses and who’s life is out of a magazine.  Nice meeting you!”
“Yeah.  I mean, I guess.  He’ll talk to me when he wants to.”
Yes.  Exactly.
“I don’t know, choking maybe?”
It’s not cold enough yet for his winter coat, so he opts for his Metallica t shirt and one of his favorite flannels, red and black checkered, and throws on one of his “pre-fall” jackets, just because there was enough of a chill in the air that he knew he’d regret it if he just wore the flannel.  It only takes him about five minutes to successfully latch the door (he could fix it himself, but he’d been too lazy to actually get around to it), and then starts walking back towards Dumbo to open the shop.  Yeah yeah, trendy ass Dumbo, don’t judge, it brought in enough of the old Brooklyn crowds and the new agey hipsters to make business actually really good.  Plus, even though it was super trendy, he actually loved the area, it’s right by the water and is surrounded on all sides by good restaurants, good art, and the best damn organic grocery store Dean has ever set foot in.  So yeah, Dumbo definitely has its perks.
