“Right in the middle of the board meeting,” he grinned. “I tipped the courier extra to ensure they’d be particularly obnoxious about knocking.” That small victory accomplished, Tony sat down on the edge of his desk. “Any reason you’re camped out here in the office of a lowly R&D staffer—”
Peter liked Harley, he really did. The kid was funny and smart—not in the ways Peter was used to, but in a rough, untrained kind of way that was often refreshing. And he was jaded just enough without ever tipping toward cruelty the way kids like Flash did. It was, Peter had learned in recent months, a tough balance to achieve. He’d lost people before, of course, and he knew he was supposed to be grateful for everything he still had in the wake of Tony’s not-death (because of Tony’s not-death): the universe resorted, an awesome, supportive aunt; friends, even a sorta-maybe girlfriend, he had a lot going for him.
Tony and the team both struggle in the aftermath of his breakdown. Steve watches Talia and Masdee grow closer as he considers his own next move.
“I mean, you don’t have to, and I definitely wouldn’t advise using kinetically reinforced web-fluid for an average fight or something—”
“Agreed,” said several voices at once.
“I haven’t been leaving snacks out for you to graze on the way I was in the Tower, have I? I’m sorry, Tony.”
Fifty really didn’t sound like that much. Between that and the sliver of stubborn resistance that subbing for Steve occasionally seemed to bring out in him, Tony was quite certain that crying or screaming wouldn’t be an issue. If anything, he worried that he’d reach the end of this session and not feel much of anything, let alone the penitent space he’d found after punishments from Natasha and Rhodey.
Steve kept closer to the source of the noise, which turned out to be Tony’s bedroom. His hand was on the door when the indistinct noises turned into a word.
Dave Gershgorn, “If AI is Going to be the World’s Doctor, It Needs Better Books.”
that Sam is just trying to be kind. Comforting. Most of the time Peter appreciated that about him, the fact that he hadn’t learned to compartmentalize his feelings to nearly the same extent as most of the team. Right now, however, kindness was just about the last thing Peter could bear. They’d all been treating him with kid gloves since the booze incident—hell, maybe before that, maybe since Tony had not-died.
Steve shows off his Tony-wrangling abilities, and the two of them finally have it out. (Dummy ships it harder than any of us.)
So naturally, he and Tony were entering the gates to the park in less than twenty minutes. Tony insisted on buying their meal this time, and he returned to the table with a truly staggering pile of food. There were not just hot dogs, but soft pretzels, garlic fries, churros, and what Steve suspected might be a deep-fried candy bar of some kind.
What had there been to say to that but yes? And really, early wake-ups aside Tony didn’t usually mind the sessions all that much. They meant he got to spend every morning with his entire team, watching how seamlessly they fought alongside one another, learning the best ways to fit into their natural rhythms. They also gave him a chance to get used to older models of the armour again, which had become a necessity not only because he first had to re-invent all the tools he needed to repair the nanotech version, but also due to the small problem of Taskmaster.
Rhodey’s departure dampened his spirits enough that he started to wonder if today was really the right day  for the kind of scene he’d discussed with Phil that morning, but when Bruce came to fetch him a couple hours later, eyes already dark with Dominance, Tony’s stomach still heated pleasantly.
“I’d like you to repeat what I said to you the night of the debriefing. I’m not entirely sure you heard me properly.”
Need for air finally overcoming his desire to remain attached to Steve’s cock, Thor lifted his head and drew a deep, gasping breath. Then he settled his head against Steve’s thigh, pressing a pattern-less mess of kisses and bites against oversensitive skin.
Calling it a show seemed a little insensitive at first, but there was really no other word for what happened next. Tony had never had time to actually watch Thor do this before given that they had always been in the heat of battle, but when he threw his arm and the hammer in the air and the skies opened up he was almost ashamed that he’d ever even bothered to try to take Thor on. He was so utterly otherworldly like this, manipulating the very forces of nature with the same ease that Tony himself bent metal and circuits to his will. Heavy thunder shook the earth, lightning illuminating the sky so brightly that you could have read a small-print book just by its light alone. In under a minute, rain began to fall in heavy sheets.
After that rather depressing thought had occurred to him, Tony couldn’t un-think it. His mind obsessed about nothing else, making it rather difficult to concentrate on what he knew was a crucial conversation about his and the team’s future. Eventually, Pepper halted mid-sentence and stared at Tony. He braced himself for any number of difficult questions, none of which came. She turned in her seat and addressed herself to Clint instead.
“No, Clint.”
about his goddamn breakdown, so there was at least one appeal to trying to force something down.
“FRIDAY? Can you connect me with Tony, please?”
“I suppose congratulations are in order. When I am asked, I will honestly be able to say that your bloodwork indicates you are without a doubt, Tony Stark.”
Next to Steve, Clint choked on his coffee. As Steve thumped him on the back, he peered around the room to confirm what he already knew: Tony hadn’t told any of them this was coming. He wanted to be frustrated about the withholding, and at some point they really would need to get it through Tony’s head that they would (of course they would) support his choices when it came to Peter. But as Tony carefully laid out the basics of his presence here—that he’d come from another universe, that he’d known both Peter and May in that universe and had wanted to reach out pretty much as soon as he’d arrived but had needed time to adjust and try to determine whether or not his presence would be needed to welcome—all Steve felt was a profound respect for the man they’d all come to love. It was the last thing the other Tony, who had (for extremely valid reasons) almost always chosen secrecy and self-protection, would have done, but this Tony had clearly decided to go all-in when it came to the people who mattered to him. First with Steve and the team, and now with Peter and May.
Content Notes: This is an emotionally intense chapter. Normally I wouldn't warn for feelings, but, well, I know some of us have had all the feelings we can handle just now!
True to Tony’s prediction, Spider-girl was on her feet within a few seconds and back in the air. Even afterward, when they had abandoned the training session in favour of sitting on the floor and chatting, she was mostly silent. The others were far chattier. Fist Girl—Kamala, a.k.a. Ms. Marvel—was in fact rarely quiet. Only minutes in she was demanding that everyone go around and share their favourite superheroes.
Clint was the one to meet him at the door when he finally went inside, Thor’s blanket in one hand and a cup of something hot and steaming in the other. Tony lunged for the latter, swallowing half a cup in one gulp only to discover it was hot chocolate, not coffee. The other man shrugged, unrepentant and boyish, and he wasn’t who Tony expected to serve as greeting party, but he was abruptly grateful for Clint’s presence all the same. He wouldn’t push talking the way someone like Phil or Steve would, but he was more emotive than Bucky in soldier mode.
“No they did not, because James has rules. But they came about as close to kissing without actually doing so as two people can possibly achieve. Clint is still complaining about blue balls this morning. What about you? How did you feel about having James in the room during a sexual scene?” Tony shrugged.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re getting tanned,” he commented, eyeing the golden brown skin of Clint’s bare arms and half-covered legs. The shorts he was in should be damn illegal, really, but Tony was so not complaining.
But this morning…well, he’d definitely lingered longer than he had to, even with Dummy the wake-up bot chirping happily and clumsily digging through Tony’s clothes in a misguided attempt to dress him. (Tony was all for encouraging his bot in secret, he’d missed Dummy way more than he wanted to admit these last couple of years, but he drew the line at being offered a pair of dark washed jeans that he could tell from a glance would look like they were painted on. Bad enough that they might not fit at all, but even if he
Even if Tony hadn’t witnessed the team training together, it would have been obvious within minutes that they were a far more cohesive unit that Tony’s version of the Avengers had ever been. They functioned seamlessly, not just combining their individual talents but truly working together. Some of the results were truly spectacular—like when Thor channeled his lightning to super-charge one of Clint’s arrows, or when Nat and Barnes pulled off a series of moves where one of them pretended to narrowly miss a shot as a distraction to that the other could come in from behind—but Tony’s favourites to watch were the small moments that made it clear just how well these people knew one another. Half the time they didn’t even have to announce their positions or actually request back-up; they’d clearly practiced formations enough that they could just act and trust that their teammates would be where they were supposed to be.
For someone who had now been living in the future for nearly a decade, there was a depressingly small amount of clothing inside. A small supply of plaid button-ups sat next to a couple more fitted items Peter had never seen Steve actually wear. There were close to a dozen of the ill-fitting pants Steve insisted on referring to as ‘slacks,’ alongside a couple pairs of jeans. One still had a price tag on them. Everything else was designed for workouts (which, who even hung that kind of stuff up?)
“I’m not calling anyone are you—” Here there was an extended pause while more of Peter’s organs attempted to flee via his mouth. “—joking? Steve would kill me, or send me back, and there’s nowhere else for me to go!”
“Funny you should mention that given—agh!” The other man’s taunts were short by the entrance of Natasha, who looked to have glided in by something she’d hung off a wire attached to one of Clint’s arrows. It was a damn cool move that would have usually forced a smile from Natasha even at her most focused, but she had a long and complicated backstory with Taskmaster. “Ah, the Widow. I thought the new troops would keep you busier longer—did you notice how familiar they were with the Red Room’s excellent instruction? Got my hands on some very detailed footage.”
No one, not even Steve, argued with him.
The relief that accompanied the release was a gradual, incomplete thing, nothing like the sudden finality of orgasm. But it rippled through his entire body like an all-encompassing wave of pleasure that threatened to swallow him whole.
“Hmm. I’m bettin’ it would be a little much for me to here for something like this right off the bat. I have some meetings back in the city that I’ve been putting off since I went on leave. Maybe I’ll head out today, give you all some space to get his routine established, then come back in a couple days.”
There was a moment where May’s eyes did a quick darting thing that reminded Tony way too much of Peter when he was trying to lie. She got it under control more quickly than Peter tended to, but when she followed up by taking a rushed bite of potatoes (a stalling maneuver Tony had used more than once himself) he was sure.
The usual warning for Masdee and Talia's storyline continues here. (Reminder: Masdee is acting entirely ethically and in accordance with her own cultural norms and laws, and Talia has zero problems with this, but their dynamic is still mixing work and Domination in a way that would technically be illegal in the North America within this verse.)
“…I must review my protocols before I am able to fully answer your query, Captain.”
“I…it’s Director Rogers, Sir. He’s.” Tony felt glued to his own chair. He should have pushed for more information about Taskmaster. He could have been more prepared, maybe delivered remote assistance the same way he had on the team’s last mission. Now something had happened to Steve and here Tony was, fucking useless in a conference room.
“You just kicked me out this morning without. I mean. You people are all about the damn talking, and this is the thing you decide to just be chill about? Really? Do you not care even a little that little that I just screwed up our entire friendship?”
“If you let me feed you, you can wear these while I do it,” Clint offered. Steve’s breath caught; he looked again at the elevator, caught between a desire not to intrude and an equally strong wish to not miss a single second of this. Clint peered at Steve over his shoulder and grinned. “Gonna have a seat, Cap?”
And my endless love and gratitude to all of you for your comments and kudos. I love hearing what you're enjoying, specific lines/characters/plot points that stuck out to you, I love it all! And there are two excellent AskStrange questions waiting for the Doctor, so expect to see replies to those up tomorrow!
“But he’s not mine! Other than the other me having potentially saved his life at the Stark Expo just like I did, he’s never even met Tony Stark. Oh this is brilliant.” Something resembling hope was seeping its way back into Tony’s tone and his expression; he began pacing the room, repossessed of the manic energy he usually had in the face of a crisis. “Okay, first thing’s first. Once I get him transferred, and under the care of his usual doc in my world—Dr. Tesfaye is her name, she’s a genius paediatric specialist with a particular interest in working with enhanced kids—I’ll hack into the hospital’s systems, find out what he owes in medical bills. I’ll transfer SHIELD the funds and you can pay it from your accounts. Now, you obviously have your own shtick when it comes to recruitment, and I’ll admit you do give a very rousing speech. But the thing to know about the kid is that while he appreciates praise like anyone else, he’s kind of suspicious of it, too. So you gotta mix a little bit of constructive criticism in there too. I can feed you some lines once I get my hands on some footage from the fight. Then—”
More painful still was witnessing the way that Sam reacted. All of his playful animosity toward Bucky evaporated. The spot between his brows knitted with worry, and he barely hesitated before reaching out and pressing a comforting hand to Bucky’s thigh. Bucky leaned into the touch, and even while it wasn’t nearly as dramatic as turning his back on Steve, the reorientation of the familiar lines of his frame caught Steve like a sharp blow to the gut.
“So this is where you ended up, huh? Doesn’t seem like Tony to not have made better arrangements for you.” DUM-E made another noise, this one a beep that sounded almost like a whine. Quickly, he withdrew his hand, unwilling to face the potential that Tony had not just the world grieving for his absence, but his own bots as well. “Hey, I get it. I expected…well, definitely nothing about how things have played out. But look, there’s no reason for you guys to be shoved in a corner like this. FRIDAY, lights to 50%. These their charging stations over here? Talk me through setting them up, would you?”
Tony held his hands up in a surrender pose, trying very hard to seem unaffected by the quiet defeat in every line of Peter’s injured body.
He could hear the quiet hum of conversation in the living room. Steve’s low baritone was immediately identifiable, as was the slightly crisp edge to his consonants that meant he was in planning mode. Tony should have joined them, some part of him even wanted to, but every time he tried to roll off the bed and onto his feet he felt the preludes to panic start to take hold: his breath sped up, his chest felt tight, and his left hand started to tremble. There was no logical reason for this reaction; Tony knew damn well that the last thing any of them would do was take Peter from him, or act without his clear say-so. However involved they liked to be in the rest of Tony’s life, they had been remarkably hands-off when it came to the kid. Maybe that was part of what felt so off now? Was it possible to both want their input and fear it at the same time?
“Lines. But I…reading and writing aren’t exactly my faves, so he lets me do verbal lines that JARVIS keeps track of. Which is definitely easier than the borderline cruelty of making me write, but…well, some things are also pretty damn hard to hear out loud over and over again. I wish he’d just spank me.”
Steve was still smiling to himself hours after he’d seen Tony off. His lover had been adorably nervous about the meeting all morning; he’d changed clothes three times, and had muttered bits of non-sequiturs to himself as he’d wandered the house, which made Steve suspect he was trying to script the conversation in his mind.
“I’ll also need you to agree to take tomorrow off from SHIELD work entirely. At that point it will be your choice if you wish to have company or not, but regardless, I don’t want anyone’s life in your hands for at least 24 hours. You’ll spend the day engaged in some of the self-care practices we’ve discussed, and you will call my cell, not my office, if you require further support. These terms are non-negotiable, and if I find out you have violated any of them I am not remotely afraid of placing you under a temporary psychiatric hold. Your safety, and that of the people around you, is always my priority. Are we clear?”
“Guess we should go find out what’s up?” Tony stuck a finger in the archer’s face, glaring.
“Hush now, Just warming up the rest of you, Tony. You don’t need to beg for this. You don’t even really know what you’re begging for yet, hmm?” He keened, frustration and humiliated arousal warring in him at Bruce’s almost dismissive reaction to his pleas. Bruce skipped down a few inches, avoiding his kidneys, and landed for the first time on Tony’s ass. The blow rocked through him, and it felt like imploding. “Perfect. I think we can get started now.”
.” He knew he was verging on pleading, but Steve had managed to get through the rest of this, somehow, without taking it back and begging Tony to stay. That was all he felt anyone could reasonably ask of him, he felt.
“That must have been difficult to hear, JARVIS, are you alright?”
It was the last name that caught Tony’s attention. He was used to this mode of address from his own version of the team, but no one here called him ‘Stark’ except in jest. Hearing it from Phil in such a clipped, official tone was enough to stop his attempted retreat from the Tower’s medical bay in its tracks.
This week was a little rough, and the editing quality of this chapter may very well reflect that. I'll likely come back in and edit goofs in the next couple of days, but it was a choice between getting the rough version up today and not posting, and several of you have remarked how comforting you find the routine posting schedule of this story, so I'm doing my very best to stick to it.
“I don’t get it,” he interrupted a question about his latest journalling exercise rudely. “I…sorry, Dr. Domen, but I just…I’m where we were trying to get me. I’m not sure I really need to continue therapy, especially at this kind of pace. Things with my partners are better, and things with Tony look like they’re moving in a great direction. I’m not sure what else there really is to say.”
. Steve half expected for something about his internal confession to give him away; he waited for the questions, for the look of disgust or betrayal to curl Phil’s lip and shutter his eyes. The ball landed in Coulson’s palm with a quiet smack of metal on flesh, and he briefly curled his fingers around it before flattening his palm again, awaiting the next burden.
Content Notes: The first 'vision' relies on a cut subplot from Endgame involving Natasha running an orphanage for kids left parent-less by the Snap. The vision takes place after Nat's death, and as such may be triggering for those who have faced traumatic losses of parents or other caregivers. Skip down to the next question if you want to avoid.
Tony closed his eyes, as if that would somehow ward off the memory; instead, his mind offered it in blaring technicolour: the harsh, reverberating thud of Natasha’s paddle, the way it had felt to be bent over her lap, held there. How his desperation and desire to escape the pain went up and up and up, reaching a pinnacle and then, just when it seemed like it would be too much, they fell away entirely, leaving behind nothing but bone-deep certainty and acceptance that he would be there until his Dominants deemed the price paid. He remembered it all, but the part he’d hidden from most had been the memory of how it had been afterward: how light he’d felt, how freeing it was to hear Bruce and Natasha tell him over and over again that it was done, over, that he was forgiven.
He could, of course, just stay out on his own. Tony was still learning how to navigate the truly absurd amount of press attention his every move attracted, though, and much like the Tower, the New York of this world was exactly like his own except in the ways it wasn’t. He didn’t want to risk getting lost, or trying to get somewhere that didn’t exist and drawing attention to himself. No, he wasn’t quite brave enough to face this universe alone yet.
“You walked into a SHIELD base. With Steve. And called yourselves
“Rhooodey, come on, make him quit it,” Tony whined. Rhodes levelled a thoroughly unimpressed stare at his friend without missing a beat.
There are some new #AskStrange responses up, so if you're interested in that aspect of the story you may want to start there!
“But you work together! You see her…I mean not all the time, but you see her!” Steve protested.
legally binding?” Pepper and Steve shared a brief grin, and then she sighed. “Look, it's worth a shot if he wants to try it that way, but they have some of the best media people in the world working for them too. If they can sow the seed of doubt in people's heads then it won't matter what Tony says happened with Taskmaster or Howard or any off the rest of it. The relationship between the two of you has always been at the heart of the public's adoration of the Avengers, and if they throw that into question, anything might be up for grabs.”
By the time Bruce came, painting Tony’s chest and face with ejaculate, Tony was down so far that any words beyond ‘please’ and various combinations of their names seemed to be escaping him. When Clint got hip up onto all fours and slipped a well-lubed finger inside of him, his knees very nearly buckled.
Steve didn’t want to say it. The very last thing he wanted was to vanish the smiles and laughter that had filled the penthouse, a precious coating over the awkwardness and pain that had been the last several days. The urge to reach out to Tony, to put him on his knees at Steve’s feet and stroke his hair and never let him leave, never even let him
“I mean, I know Director Rogers is your True and all—”
…” That note in Clint’s voice always spelled trouble of the most delightful kind, whether it was sex or prank-calling Steve at work. Tony was powerless to do anything but look at him, waiting for the other shoe to drop. “Or you could come upstairs and help us tie Thor up and do wicked things to him.”
“No, you don’t understand. Please, I
Tony felt their eyes on him as he finished scanning the last of the info-packet Coulson and JARVIS had hastily compiled after Tony’s…well, his freak out. He’d reviewed bits of the AI’s base code (so much more stable and more complex than what he and Bruce had been able to accomplish), data from Ultron himself (detailed and precise, a tone not unlike JARVIS’s), and several news stories reporting on the release and impact of the Ultron program.
After their scene, Tony and the rest of the team appear to be on cloud nine. Naturally, Steve panics.
“If you’re going in the suit is going with you. That’s the deal. There’s no way those goons that attacked the Avengers a couple of weeks ago saying they were practicing for me weren’t backed by SI. They’re coming for me because they think I’m the way to get to Steve, and if that’s the case then there’s no way someone hasn’t put together that you’re a way to get to me, one that has the added benefit of removing a powerful dissenting voice at SI. I failed you—her once. Fucking up twice the same way is just plain laziness.”
“Ugh. Fine.”
Ah yes. While it is a very Stark-like thing to do, the dying-but-not-really-dying shtick, I'm afraid this universe's version of Tony Stark is indisputably deceased. But no need to take my word for it: take a look for yourself:
Maybe it was weird. And maybe (probably) Tony would come to regret this decision someday. But right now the very last thing he wanted was for yet another version of his team (especially these particular people) to hide themselves away from him and call it kindness.
Steve releases Tony’s hand to take the stool by Wanda and he watches with fondness as Tony circles around to get his usual cup of coffee, ruffling Peter’s hair on his way. Tony would make an amazing dad. Well, he is actually. Peter has basically become a son to him, and Steve just hopes that this bit of light can stay for Tony, because he deserves something good to stay. Steve was so busy looking at the pair with fondness that he didn’t notice Bruce standing before him, plate in hand.
The list of morning tasks take up all the space in his mind, leaving no room for feelings of any kind. Truly, Steve could make the walk to the bathroom in his sleep, and he looks like he does, the way he moves around the room like a zombie.
, his mind mutters.
Soon Steve is bucking his hips up to meet Tony’s mouth. He’s so close, so very very close. But he wants Tony to come with him, so he reaches for Tony’s dripping cock. Squeezing and pumping, Tony moans around Steve’s dick, which makes Steve go faster.
“Clean first.” Tony mutters after Steve dives in for more kissing. Steve lets out a begrudging grumble, but pulls away with a small pout. He just wants to feel Tony in any way possible. Every moment of contact pushes his despair and dread further away, but Tony’s right: he’ll feel better when he’s clean.
the shower to get clean.”
His head falls back with a thunk as he feels Tony’s hand wrapping around him. Momentarily he closes his eyes, before opening them again to look down at Tony when there isn’t any progression. He finds those gorgeous brown eyes looking back, Tony’s mouth hovering  open just above the tip of Steve’s now leaking cock, eyebrows quirked in silent question.
Tony’s eyes pop open, already pushing himself up from bed, arms swinging high above his head, and his tongue darting out to wet his lips, “’M up! See, not choosin’ bed over you,” he slurs out, eyes still foggy with sleep. He yawns and blinks a few times before looking to Steve who’s softly grinning. Steve can’t help it, Tony’s just so cute when he attempts to push the sleep away because he was enticed with sex. Tony’s face slowly spreads into his own soft, sleepy grin.
But Steve isn't asleep. Now that things have settled, he's left with that empty feeling again. No matter how much he wants Tony's presence to be enough, it can only help for so long. For a moment, the darkness was gone, extinguished by the light that Tony always seems to provide, but now it's like that light has been switched off, and the only thing Steve is left with is an all encompassing darkness. None of this is Tony's fault, he knows that. He knows Tony has tried his best to help. Which is why Steve waits until he feels Tony's breathing even out before he finally cries himself to sleep.
Steve watches as Tony's suit recedes back to wherever it is the nano-tech armor resides. A small flicker of something stirs in Steve's heart, and he thinks maybe he's not completely lost to the world. Tony has his usual black tank top and nicely-fitting undersuit pants underneath; an image that would usually make Steve’s mouth water, now lacks its usual beckoning pull.
When he gets the chance, Steve’s pulling Tony into a side room, pushing him up against a wall, and kissing his lips with the usual desperation. He squeezes his eyes shut, willing the tears building there not to fall. This is where Tony would usually reciprocate, but now he’s trying to pull away, shutting down Steve’s advances.
“I don’t want to let people down, but I don’t want to dishonor her. And then I just miss her, I- I miss her so fucking much it hurts.” He’s hyperventilating now, unable to get enough air into his lungs.
Everyone else on the team was patient with them when faced with their distant demeanor — to an extent. Nat, however, always understood where Steve was coming from, knew when to let subjects drop without hesitation. Steve did the same for her.
Steve really had, he’s even gotten so far as to standing outside his door, but the idea of having what he thought may be one of the most difficult conversations while seeing the hurt and sympathy on his childhood best friend’s face always drove him away.
“Now if I do that,
He shuts the water off abruptly, hand carelessly reaching outside of the shower to grab his towel. He dries his body as he steps out, the towel tied around his waist by the time he reaches the vanity again. The wet glass feels cool under his hand when he swipes away the fog that collected there during his shower. He doesn’t give himself the chance to take in the tired expression he has, going straight into brushing his teeth. He needs to wake Tony up soon so they can both be ready at a reasonable hour. Steve can smell breakfast being made already.
Before Steve can even move, Tony is closing the distance between them. He brings his hands up, one landing on Steve’s chest and the other traveling further up to the back of Steve’s neck to pull him in for a kiss. Steve melts into it, his hands impulsively wrapping around Tony’s waist. Tony swipes his tongue across the lip that Steve was worrying just moments earlier, and Steve hesitantly pulls Tony even closer. He gasps as their naked bodies brush and Steve takes advantage of his surprise by diving his tongue in to explore Tony’s mouth.
So there, on the battlefield, he just falls to his knees, the helmet clutched in his hands tumbling to the ground beside him. Tears stream down his face as the full force of his anguish hits him. The tears turn into sobs. His hands cover his face and his body hunches over as he pictures Nat’s beautiful, carefree smile. The one that she reserved just for him.
Expressing the turmoil of emotions has Steve feeling more calm, his mind doesn’t feel like a busy beehive anymore. And though the ache is still there, the weight of it lighter. He takes a deep breath.
“God, Tony, your mouth feels ‘mazing. S’ fucking good.” Steve’s eyes open blearily, his voice slurs with the praise that pours out, the stimulation so overwhelmingly good. Tony just hums, going back to take Steve into his mouth now that he’s somewhat caught his breath, his head bobbing in Steve’s lap.
Steve’s gaze slides over to Clint, who is slightly hunched over his plate of food. While Wanda, less fervently, eats her own food beside him in silent comfort. It’s as if Clint has adopted her into his own family. Their dynamic has definitely helped Wanda integrate smoothly into the team.
She is — was — the ever-present friend who listened to his rants and provided a shoulder to cry on. Steve always looked forward to the movie nights they would have in whatever safe house they managed to find. Sam, without fail, would find them the next morning asleep, Natasha’s head on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve’s head on top of Nat’s. There was a lot of that actually.
Armed with slippers and a lit path, Steve pushes against the bed to straighten. His hands deftly going to the flannel pants he once loved, but now only wears for formality, to adjust the fabric back into place as he begins moving around the bed to start the day.
On Clint’s other side is Bucky, sitting at the corner of the island, murmuring to Sam who is standing by him. Truly the best thing Steve could have hoped for: two of his best friends getting along so well. It makes him feel less guilty for being unable to be the friend they both deserve, and Bucky desperately needs. It’s hard for Steve to actively participate in outings with the two because he always feels like there’s a place missing, the place Nat would usually fill.
Turning back into the bedroom, it’s apparent that Tony hasn’t made any signs of waking soon on his own. His bare form is still sprawling out on the bed in the same position Steve left it in. Tony has always been the kind of sleeper that will take up the whole bed if able, or cling onto the first person to join him in it: Face squishing into the mattress, just barely missing the mark of the pillow, the sheet only covering his much appreciated ass, with one arm coming around to rest his hand on the back of his head, one leg slung over a wayward pillow.
However, to Steve’s dismay, Tony looks like he prepared for this. “I’m not stupid, Steve, I know that you’ve been struggling with Natasha’s death. I also know that you’ve been using sex as a coping mechanism. Hell, Steve, I’m sure the whole team has noticed something is up!” He takes a deep breath to calm himself, eyes closing briefly.
Steve does his best to keep his reaction cool in front of everyone, taking the plate with a shaky smile. He can’t cry, not here, not now. A part of him shrivels up inside from the look of empathy that Bruce gives him.
Steve curls up in bed first with Tony joining soon after as he says, “Goodnight, FRIDAY,” and the lights slowly dim out. He curls around Steve, spooning him, arms wrapped around his middle, holding him close and kissing his shoulder. Tony must assume Steve is already asleep, exhausted from all that has happened.
He doesn’t actively rinse the soap from his body, just lets the spray catch whatever it can as he massages shampoo into his hair. The steps of his shower have become a dance, one where he doesn’t have to constantly think about the gravity behind each movement like he does when around others. His mind instead goes back to the only happy memory he allows himself, the one that the intoxicating smell of his body wash always evokes.
“That’s all I can ask of you. We’ll get through this together, Steve, one step at a time.” And Steve believes him.
The time Steve spends in the shower, though short, is where the real “magic” happens. It’s where he goes from barely able to put one foot in front of the other to someone who can pass as doing just fine. He scrubs his face with the still soapy washcloth, as if to plaster on the mask of nonchalance he now regularly wears.
The strong, hot spray of water pounds against Steve’s chest and back, massaging away the rest of the tension in his muscles. He rolls his shoulders, too stubborn to turn the water any colder, wanting to feel the burn of it against his skin. Not wasting any time, he grabs for his clean washcloth and the body wash that Tony says makes him smell like the kind of home you want to come back to. He breathes in deeply, nostrils flaring, and the thick heady smell of it fills his nose as he works the soap into a lather on his body. The heat of the water makes the bathroom steam with it’s familiar perfume.
Steve using sex as a coping mechanism goes on for awhile, maybe close to a month? The passage of time has been hard for Steve to follow. All he can focus on is the new pattern of his life that he desperately clings to: doing his best to pretend like he's fine, until it becomes too much and Tony helps him forget long enough to go back to pretending.
Pride and Prejudice
"Oh sweetheart. I know, I know." There isn't anything else Tony can say. What do you say to someone who just lost one of the most important people in their life?
He hears a deep scream, but his head is ringing and he can’t determine whether it’s his own or Bucky’s. Fuck, Steve may have lost his best friend, but Buck lost his wife.
“Oh right, I thought I’d make you some pancakes, because I know you and Nat loved them so much.”
“Fibmurmins,” Tony mumbles out, lips barely moving with effort to make coherent speech. His eyes don’t even flicker with recognition that the Steve talking isn’t a dream. Five more minutes his ass. Steve expects this. In fact, he was hoping for this.
Steve can feel the panic welling up inside him, heart drumming in his chest, a tear manages to slip past as his bold facade fades. He thought he was hiding this well, but it’s not actually a secret. And now he’s going to have to face this loss without anything to help.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about Tony, I can’t help that my boyfriend is hot and so fucking talented in everything sexual.” Steve hopes this will throw Tony off, and prevent him from ending what Steve desperately his hanging on to. It’s a pitiful attempt, but Steve feels like he’s floundering and it’s the first thing he thought of.
"That was — I mean — wow." Tony breathes out, and Steve has to agree, "Wow is right. Better than I expected. And what I expected was already pretty incredible to begin with." They both chuckle at that.
“Lights on,” he commands as he clicks the door shut behind him.
The sight makes Steve quirk a smile. There’s no way he could love someone more, he thinks as he shuffles over to the soundly sleeping man. The closer he gets, the more he’s able to hear Tony’s even breathing whistling out of his mouth. Steve crouches the best he can with only a towel covering him, right before Tony.
Tony does have a point, and maybe Steve has just felt the pressure of everyone more because of his...grieving, but he has to agree that the tower has been a little crowded lately. Ever since the “Blip” it’s been all hands on deck to rebuild and repair the damage done from the battle. The people assembled in the kitchen now have been the constants, but sometimes the others (Captain Marvel, Rhodey, some of the Guardians, Thor, and Ant Man) will come and check in or give updates on their own missions.
fucking love and enjoy this. But this isn’t healthy, babe.”
"Okay, yeah sure. Whatever you need Steve, I'm here. I'm not going anywhere." Tony rotates his body to face Steve again and comes back over, slowly bringing his hands up to Steve's still uniformed chest. He leans up to gently kiss Steve's lips, lingering just enough to comfort and express his love, before breaking the kiss to rest his forehead against Steve's.
“Please,” Steve whimpers out, hips rocking slightly forward in attempts to just feel the heat of Tony’s enticing mouth. And then Steve is thanking all known gods and deities because Tony obliges. Leaning down, he presses his tongue flat against the underside of Steve’s base. Shaft still held in place, he slowly, oh-so-slowly, licks up, flicking the tip of Steve’s dick with the tip of his tongue to steal the precum that has gathered there. A deep moan rips out of Steve’s mouth.
fantastic
Knowing that he didn’t hurt Tony in any way, Steve nods, lips quirking just slightly, “Yeah, I think that’s a good idea.” Tony smiles in kind, giving Steve a gentle kiss.
“Okay, sweetie, now wait.” Tony manages to get out, he’s holding his hands up. This was not what Steve was expecting or wanting and it stuns him. He takes a few steps back, unable to say anything, slightly hurt that Tony isn’t letting him indulge in this. Tony’s eyebrows crease in concern, probably noticing Steve’s misty eyes.
Steve jolts at the sudden abrasive noise coming from his alarm, the hold of the paralyzing torture breaking. His arm moves of its own accord to come up and smack against the top of the offensive device, effectively silencing it, but he doesn’t remove his hand. Once he manages to calm his racing heart, he blinks a few times to clear the remaining tears. His eyes are the only thing that move as he squints to look at the bold red numbers floating on the nightstand. The clock reads 7:30 A.M. He heaves a deep sigh, releasing the tension that’s been coiling in his body since he first woke.
“I think - I think I want to try and talk. Maybe not to a therapist, at least not yet. But I do want to talk. I have been meaning to talk to Bucky.”
Tony makes his way back over to Steve, his hand outreached and face gentle. "Come on big guy, there's a shower and bed with your name on it just inside." His pet name makes Steve's mouth quirk in a slight, quick smile. Tony seems to notice like he does with everything, and a look of accomplishment and hope crosses his face.
“You like that, baby? You like being spanked?” Steve eggs on, the dirty talk coming so easily. Tony can only whimper as he sucks harder, and that’s what pushes Steve over the edge.
She later confessed she had been mortified, because she never allowed herself to show her weaknesses. He then told her that he struggled with nightmares too, and that he wouldn’t tell anyone. It pacified her enough in the moment, but she didn’t feel more resolved until Steve went through the same thing. After that, they truly felt most comfortable with each other.
"Only if you want me to, Cap. This is a big step, and I want to make sure you're sure." Steve can practically hear the inner battle going on in Tony's mind — he's a very loud thinker. The fact that he’s using the nickname “Cap” to try and distance himself isn't lost on Steve. Tony only uses the pet name on the field now that he’s aware of Steve’s need to be accepted as Steve Rogers and not just Captain America. He realizes Tony won't make the move, not when Steve is so emotionally vulnerable.
Natasha had actually become the go-between for Steve and Tony when they first made amends during the Blip. Steve once found himself stuck in a private space alone with Tony, tension almost too much to bear. The attempts to break the silence were at first awkward dances to figure out what was still considered a safe topic. But after awhile, they both slowly remembered they were actual friends before everything had gone to shit and things finally weren’t so bad.
“You were amazing,” Steve says as he runs his fingers through Tony’s hair, savoring the warm after glow. He never knew it could be this good.
“Steve, Steve are you okay? Talk to me babe, what’s going on?” There’s panic and fear in his voice. Tony’s most likely assuming that Steve’s been injured with him hunching over like this, and who can blame him? Tony’s inquiries slowly stop. He brings his hands from Steve’s shoulders to gently grasp Steve’s wrists, slowly pulling them down to reveal Steve’s tear streaked and swollen face. Tony’s face isn’t frozen with panic but sympathetic and questioning.
“You’re always trying to make me eat. What, are you trying to fatten me up for some weird kink I don’t know about yet?” Steve does his best to give a disapproving scowl but loses the battle and starts chuckling himself. It’s been one of Tony’s never-ending jokes, he was very surprised to learn of the many kinks Steve possesses, and hasn’t been able to let it go, much to Steve’s chagrin.
Finally, Tony takes him fully in the mouth, wrapping his lips around Steve’s throbbing dick and hand holding firm. Steve’s mouth slowly opens as he watches Tony slowly take all of him until Tony gags when it  hits the back of his throat. Steve grunts and bucks his hips up into Tony’s warm and eager mouth, his eyes squeeze shut. He’s gripping the bench so tightly, it’s a wonder it doesn’t break. Tony holds himself there for a moment, swallowing around the thickness that is Steve Rogers, and Steve thinks he passes out for a second at the feeling. Tony then pulls back, gasping for breath as his hand goes to pump Steve’s cock.
Even after things mended over with Tony, Steve’s friendship with Natasha held strong. They shared inside jokes, which turned team movie nights into Steve and Nat laughing at something obscure, like the word pancakes. The team would wear confused looks in response, while Tony held a small smile.
Apparently, that’s all Tony needed to hear. He quickly rids himself of his clothes, but he  keeps his eyes on Steve, probably making sure that he doesn’t change his mind.
He hasn’t been at the Stark Tower since the endeavor to save the world started six months ago, and he’s never stayed for long periods of time with Tony. The thought is fleeting as they shoot through the sky.
“Hey hun, it’s time to get up now.” Steve pets Tony’s hair, his words mimicking the soothing motion. Tony isn’t a morning person, and Steve has learned that this is the best way to wake him without any painful consequences.
Once Tony finishes undressing, Steve drags his eyes up to lock gazes with Tony and watches as Tony’s eyes drop down to where Steve’s biting his lip, and then a little further to his now half-hard and leaking dick. Tony licks his lips, still entranced with the ever hardening view, and then looks back up, eyes filled with lust.
“Do you ever think that maybe this place is a little crowded?” Tony whispers into Steve’s ear, and he jumps slightly.
“Such a dirty bastard aren’t you, babe?” Tony smarts back breathily, and he pushes Steve to sit on the bench, spreading his legs to kneel on between them. Steve’s back presses against the cool wall of the shower room, a stark contrast to the steaming water, making him hiss.
This time Clint couldn’t mask his surprise, or his interest. Tony’s stomach dropped at the eager way the other man abandoned his pencil and leapt to his feet, because he really didn’t want to get into the whole thing with the stones, or inventing time travel, or what it had been like to see his Dad…god, why had he brought this up?
For the first time, Coulson really looked at Tony, and his frown deepened. Tony considered making his second quick exit of the day, wondering with a distant kind of distress if there was a record for that kind of thing and how close he was to breaking it. But when Coulson spoke again, he was back to his usual brisk efficiency.
“Trust me, if I could figure out how to get the three of us out of here without alerting the others and forcing JARVIS into several uncomfortable positions we’d already be gone.” While Steve was still digesting the fact that he was not, apparently, the only one who would consider abducting their partner to save him from himself, Natasha had already turned her attention to other matters. “JARVIS, is he still in with Potts?”
All of this was good news, certainly better than Steve would have hoped for even twenty-four hours ago. But now that Tony was gone, he felt weirdly unsettled. He wandered the house for a while seeking out his other partners, but everyone seemed pretty content to occupy themselves individually after some intense togetherness—well, all except for Clint and Rhodey, who had been in the midst off a pretty intensely flirty game of pool. Steve went for a run on the beach, prepped dinner for the night, checked his phone multiple times for updates for Tony, and groaned as he looked down at his watch to find it was just after 11:00 in the morning. He wanted to talk to someone…not his partners or his therapist, someone who was just…a friend.
Steve appeared in the penthouse Thursday evening, not at seven thirty as they’d agreed, but just after five. The combination of his early entrance and the fact that he was wearing a suit—a suit that didn’t just
The applause when they finally reached the meeting rooms on the top level went on the longest, but it was also the most painfully insincere; the palms of the men surrounding Tony barely touched, and their attempts at beaming smiles were so strained he wondered idly if they might end up pulling one of the muscles around their mouths. (Say what you like about Obie, and Tony had certainly thought and said his share over the years, but at least the guy’s act had been convincing until right at the very end.)
If you have any questions or concerns about this or any other aspect of the chapter/story, feel free to let me know as always.
“Please do not make me confess it, mine love. Just see this done.”
Coulson’s expression had drifted back toward its usual careful neutrality, except for a piercing note to his gaze that hadn’t been there moments before.
“Her Dad. Still might end up making some of the papers, he’s a well-known businessman, but it won’t be front-page news the way it would have been if, say, Spiderman had dropped him off all wrapped up in a bow.” He sounded so sure, there was absolutely no way things hadn’t played out exactly the way Tony was describing in his own universe. Tony was clearly bound and determined not just to help Peter in the here and now, but also to spare him any suffering the other version of the kid had endured. Peter, meanwhile, wavered slightly on his feet, even a hint of kindness enough to rock his very foundation. Tony’s eyes narrowed at the sight, as if he were seeing something Steve wasn’t. “Want to sit? It’ll be just as easy to yell at me from one of the obscenely comfortable pieces of furniture in here, I promise.”
The team was elated. The more they celebrated Tony’s acceptance of himself and his role, however, the more concerned Steve grew. At first he couldn’t articulate what it was about Tony’s behaviour that was making him anxious and suspicious. His partners seemed inclined to read it as a remnant of Steve’s recent drop.
Strange’s cloak ruffled around him in apparent outrage, but the man himself was annoyingly unflustered. He was kinder, too, than he had seemed on Titan; he helped Harley to his feet and went into Peter’s kitchen, emerging with three glasses of water that he set down on the living room table. The sight of an actual sorcerer doing something so mundane was enough, not to make the anger dissipate, but at least to distract Peter from the force of it for a few valuable seconds.
“Steve. STEVE. Listen to me. There’s no point in coming back, you hear me? He’s not letting anyone but Rhodey and Pepper see him.” He grunted dismissively, grabbing the few items he’d unpacked and shoving them back into his bag; if Rhodes or Pepper tried to keep Steve from his Sub—from Tony, he would remove them. Simple as that. “Steve, he’s wearing your sweater. I caught sight of him on the way to the bathroom just a couple hours ago…I don’t think he knows who it belongs to, but I’m pretty sure he’s sleeping in it just like he used to whenever you were gone.” Steve froze, his hand suddenly incapable of recalling what it needed to do to zip his duffle bag the rest of the way up. “I tell you that because nothing has changed on your end, Steve. He’s still not our Tony; he won’t take comfort in your presence, not now. And if you force your way in here and then inevitably get pissed at him for not being who and what you want, you may very well harm any chance the two of you have at getting to a place that he might seek you or us out.”
) in Tony's arms, it had been as if the entirety of Peter’s unlived life had flashed in front of Tony. His high school and college graduations, his marriage, kids, scientific breakthroughs, friendly neighbourhood Spiderman-ing, Tony had seen it all in brilliant hypercolour. And while he hadn’t allowed himself to even think Peter’s name after he’d left Titan, it had been those images that had driven Tony to continue far past the point where he should have given up.
Content Notes: The submission Tony is practicing in this chapter is the non-sexual, 24/7 variety that has been teased for a few chapters now. So it's not a surprise, but it is something he struggles with, and that represents a very intense form of daily submission. if that's not your cup of tea it might be worth giving this particular chapter a skip; these kinds of scenes will be present in the rest of the story, but not quite with the same level of intensity since the entire focus here is on Tony adjusting to those shifts.
It was a lofty, ambitious goal, and one it would likely take a long while to reach. For now, Phil returned his attention to the more immediate concerns of the distressed submissive at his feet. Rejecting Tony now and reminding him that his Dominants could easily provide for themselves without his assistance would be the wrong track, he knew that instinctively. But so too would anything that would play too heavily to the dynamics they’d just been experimenting with. Some kind of middle ground, then, a way for Tony to still serve without feeling too overtly used.
“Maybe Barnes can lead him through it?” Rhodey added. Bucky, who had slowly migrated across the room so that he was standing within just a few feet of James, startled as the rope was pressed into his hands. As alarmed as Bucky seemed, though, it was a pretty brilliant idea. Co-topping with Tony while still being in the somewhat Dominant position of teaching Tony something, it was as close to a practice scene as they could really get.. Apparently deciding after a panicked glance around the room that no one was going to protest this turn of events, Bucky huffed and made his way over to Tony and Thor, the latter of whom had moved so that he stood in front of the bar Steve had mentioned.
He stood, managing not to waver on his feet as he carefully stripped out of the too-tight band t-shirt and folded it into a neat square that he deposited at the foot of the bed. Tony never would have left it that way, but Steve couldn’t bear to throw it casually to the floor as his lover would have done. Bucky waited, undisguised concern written across his features. Steve was too used to that now to bother looking away or attempting to hide himself from that scrutiny. He knows what they see when they look at him.
Peter made his way toward the sound and found, shoved together in a corner as if the empty room had been somehow pressed for space, Tony’s three most prized bots. DUM-E, the one who had made the noise at Peter’s entrance, whirred again and extended his claw. Without thinking, Peter extended his hand. In a house that felt so over-populated by ghosts, encountering the solid metal of the bot felt strangely shocking.
“They are…most pleasing to behold.”
Containing Peter’s body only seemed to intensify his anger, so Steve loosened his grip just enough that the boy could feel it and act. In seconds they were both their feet, and Peter had slammed him against a wall.  (They would be lucky if they made it out of this without having to pay the motel for structural damages.)
Tony’s eyes flitted towards Rhodes, who sat forward in his seat.
“24 hours, buddy. He has some goodbyes he wanted to make, and then we’ll fly War Machine and Iron Man out to meet y’all in Malibu.”
Even despite what turned into a bit of a workshop binge, he still beat Steve to bed that night. He was on the edge of dozing when the noise of heavy footsteps preceded Steve’s entry into the bedroom. (Weird…for a big guy, Steve rarely sounded like it when he walked.)
“You’re fine. It’s a ritual, Tony, just like some of the others you’ve seen us practice. You’re not being set up to fail here. You’re not going to make me angry, and you can’t do it wrong.”
“Pretty sure that the team has just finally accepted that I continue to have zero romantic interest in Tony despite his history with the other Pepper. Don’t think you wanna start off by throwing he and I in bed together.” Rhodey snorted as he kicked off his boots and hefted his feet up onto the coffee table. (What? It was his floor, he could do what he wanted.)
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean—I’m sorry.”
“He is NOT our sub.”
The more desperate Steve felt, the more resolute and firm Tony seemed to become. He reached out and touched Steve’s cheek and Steve bowed his head, afraid he’d do something really dramatic like start crying if he actually looked at the man he was about to lose.
Stark then, of course, faced starvation during his misadventures in space. The result of these two conflicting patterns of disordered eating is an ongoing tension within Stark. Some times he becomes desperate for food, fearful on an unconscious level that it may disappear again. Otherwise, he still usually prefers to pick at food throughout the day; Dr. Banner has already picked up on the latter, but is unaware of the cause.
“Good. What feels positive about that?” Tony shrugged, already disproportionately exhausted by the process of finding one damn word to write down. “Want me to tell you what’s valuable about this part of you for me?”
Watching Tony make the rounds at SHIELD turned out to be entertaining enough that for a while Peter almost forgot what they had come for in the first place. It was so rare for him to see Tony out of the Tower, let alone in Director Mode. More bizarre still was realizing how mundane some aspects of running a spy organization were. Someone came up to Tony to remind him about an upcoming budget meeting. Another person, an agent that definitely had a crush on Tony (which, eew, no) stammered their way through complimenting him on his most recent bulletproof vest design. Several of them sent curious looks Peter’s way. As this almost always led to Tony terminating the conversation in under ten seconds, however, Peter was not forced to try to figure out how to lie to a building full of spies.
Holy crap, y'all. I'm getting so much amazing feedback from you, not just in terms of volume but also passion, and it just makes me so happy. I love that some of you feel so strongly about specific characters or storylines, and I love seeing you discuss them with me and each other. Thank you! And please keep those comments and kudos and #AskStrange questions coming!
“If Natasha isn’t complaining then I’m certainly not. Something tells me she’ll be a little less willing to lie right to my face if you’re there watching her.” Natasha muttered a Russian curse that Tony recognized, but as it wasn’t directed at him, he felt it would have been pretty rat-like to tattle on her. He settled himself instead on the wheeling chair Bruce sent rolling in his direction, staying far back enough that he wasn’t right in anyone’s face, but close enough that he could pick up some of the details. If the context didn’t indicate that Natasha had submitted the night prior, he wasn’t sure he would have known it to look at her. She wasn’t relaxed or sloppy the way Tony usually felt after a scene. Her gaze on Bruce was sharp as he sat down on his own chair near her head. “Natasha. What happened to your knee?”
Tony looked from the maze, to Clint (who was still trying and failing to hide his glee), and back to the maze again. He’d seen this kind of setup before, some kind of trendy thing Pepper had made the SI people go to as a bonding exercise—
“You don’t really have something to cure skipping, do you?”
So as you all can probably tell, they have just begun to chip away at the many issues surrounding Peter. My original intent had been for them to cover more ground, but I realized that (a) that would be a marathon, hours-long conversation that would be exhausting for everyone involved, and equally fatiguing to read and write, and (b) that was, in many ways, a separate story from this one. My intention going forward, then, is for the planned spin-off featuring MCU!Peter and MCU!Steve to actually cut back and forth between the two universes, focusing on Peter and his development in both cases. I truly hope this wasn't too disappointing, because they did still make some pretty great progress (weekly family dinners!)
He hadn’t asked Rhodey or Bruce much about this universe, this version of his team. In the end, his Avengers had barely been a team anyway, just a chemical reaction like Bruce had said, held together only occasionally by desperation and necessity. Tony didn’t need an inside track on how they were going to fall apart in this universe. Or hey, maybe with Tony apparently dead they wouldn’t fall out at all. Maybe all these people had ever really needed from him was a Tower and funding and gear, and then for Tony to disappear entirely.
Also, the very last of the scenes involves pain (not in a punishment context at all) as well as the use of Bucky's Dominant Voice. He never uses it to do anything that Tony hasn't previously consented to, and I consider it perfectly safe, sane, and consensual. But as always, your mileage may vary. If you want to skip, avoid the section beginning "We need to talk about the last scene" and pick up again after the section break.
[Sandalwood blended diffuser and bath oil scents—package of 4]
“I promise we won’t keep you for long; you can even take dessert to go if you’d like,” Steve offered. (Oh God, Tony had forgotten the dessert, a Reese’s Pieces cake Tony had ordered from the best bakery in the city all because the kid loved peanut butter.) “But you said you came straight from work, and from the sounds of it, the job has only gotten more demanding since my Ma was a nurse. Getting a little bit of food in your system before heading back to Queens probably isn’t the worst idea.”
The though was cut short by a metal hand shooting into Steve’s field of vision. It crumpled the virtual document into a ball, just like a sheet of paper, and then made a throwing motion. The wadded-up hologram landed in a digital basketball hoop that immediately lit up and dinged obnoxiously. (Bucky had picked the gesture up from their Tony. Once he’d realized all the truly useless but entertaining things Tony had programmed his holograms to do, the two of them had spent weeks playing a series of silly and escalating games all over the tower, many of which Bucky hadn’t realized until long after the fact had also been designed to help him train and build up the dexterity of his then-new metal hand.)
Steve strode over to Natasha’s corner of the room and flipped the hammock over; Natasha was too coordinated to land on her butt, but she did flail as she was evicted from her resting spot, which was almost as good. Steve then took the hammock’s anchors out of the wall for good measure, glaring around the room and daring the rest of the team to keep arguing. (They didn’t.)
“Crescent wrench. Lincoln welder. Pliers. Jack hammer. Snap-on ratchet.” He repeated the inventory like a mantra, over and over and over again until the tightness in his chest released, leaving behind only exhaustion and frustration. He wanted them here, damn it, he had chosen everything: this universe, this location, these people, why couldn’t he just let go of the rest of it already? “Fuck. Natasha, I’m—”
Oh team, this was a tough but important one, and I hope it lived up to a lot of your hopes! And for those of you who have been waiting on more Bucky content for ages, we're finally getting there! Hooray!
The only way that Tony was made aware of time continuing to pass was the slow expansion and contraction of Bruce’s chest and abdomen. In any other scenario Tony would have skipped the foreplay and gone in for the kiss by now; he already had so many ready-made cheesy lines about wanting a taste of something other than finger-foods, it was basically a crime to not use them. But he couldn’t quite make himself close the small gap between them. It felt…disrespectful, somehow, of Bruce’s Dominance, and the effect it had managed to have on Tony despite his lack of a corresponding orientation. So he waited, clenched his fists to try to avoid the temptation of providing his aching cock with the relief of at least some friction. Bruce’s eyes, still all pupil, tracked Tony’s movements, unapologetically observing, and the thought of having all of that genius-level intellect brought to bear on him, having Bruce learn Tony’s body and mind with the same slow, methodical precision he did anything else… it was devastatingly hot. (It had come as a surprise, at first, to learn that Bruce was classified as the highest level Dominant in the Tower after Steve, but now Tony could almost feel the force of it, orientation or not.)
“The methods by which he was removed from this universe and transported to the other were powerful but somewhat imprecise. The fabric between the two universes was damaged and remains tenuous. It would place both universes at risk for there to be frequent travel between them, even by those more skilled at their efforts than the two of you would have undoubtedly been.”
Normally, hanging out with War Machine and Captain America would be the stuff of fevered fanboy dreams. Not tonight.
Things stopped being particularly funny after that, though. That sense of anticipation Tony had been feeling all day was at a fever pitch. Even though they obviously knew more about what was coming than he did, the team seemed to be feeling some of it too. They were unusually quiet as they made their way into the playroom and settled in. Tony wished abruptly that he wasn’t already naked, the panties and sweater having become unwearable after his scene with Steve. It was already so much to have all of their attention focused on him; having some kind of advantage, even a scrap of lace, would have been nice.
“Normally, when Steve was actually taking a damn minute for himself I would be thrilled to let him. Hell, I’d shoot anyone threatening to interfere. But I’ve just confirmed that he’s not actually practicing healthy coping mechanisms. He’s avoiding you, and you’re avoiding him, and while the same morbid part of me that watches and enjoys certain reality shows sort of wants to know which of you would finally give first, I only have so much time. Bucky and I are supposed to be outta here in a couple days.”
Mystery user (your cloaking device is quite impressive!), you are not the only one who has recently sought clarification about the connections and divergences between the Tony of this narrative and the so-called MCU. Allow me to provide a brief outline.
Peter exhaled explosively, petting absently at Butterfingers who had been circling him anxiously for the better part of the last half an hour. (Just like You, who remained a steadfast stan for Rhodey, Butterfingers had apparently imprinted solidly on the kid.) He’d taken off his mask and peeled the suit down off of his arms and chest. It hung bunched at Peter’s waist, and the half-Spidey, half-regular-kid look combined with the lingering remnants of fear on his features made Tony feel impossibly fond.
“So what are you saying, exactly?” Tony asked. “Because I’ve been, as you noted, extremely wrong about a lot of shit in the last 24 hours, and I am not interested in a replay.”
He didn’t let Tony down into the workshop very often, either. Tony, he said, was too easily distracted, more likely to break something or taint the results of an experiment than to actually add anything of value. But every once in a while he would find Tony, pull him away from whatever he was doing (which had included school a couple of times, usually leading to screaming matches between Dad and Mom later) and bring him down to the shop.
Content Notes: I think it's possible that there is no material that merits a content note in this chapter! That feels kind of remarkable, and if it's just that I missed something please do feel free to let me know.
“Mr. Parker. Peter.” Hearing Strange say his first name was almost as weird as the dead man who had just spoken to Peter from another dimension. “I realize this is a lot to digest. If you don’t have questions now I can certainly make time to return, though I will be off planet for—”
“Just ask me, Boss.”
“This isn’t from armour he was wearing on the battlefield,” he whispered. He reached out to touch the helmet, half certain it would fade away into nothing before he could make contact. “That armour, it was almost destroyed, there was barely anything left of it—” Strange’s hand reached the helmet first, and Peter had a brief but strong urge to smack it away before he noticed the eyes were now illuminated by an achingly familiar blue-white light.
Tony learns more about Pepper's struggles with the board, and is filled in about Steve's pilot program; Steve and Tony continue to take slow steps toward building a friendship.
“She’s the newest member of the group. Very quiet and secretive. Hasn’t even taken off her mask in front of everyone yet. Let her sort herself out for now.”
“We need to talk about the last scene before we do it.
Tony was, it transpired, despite all his visual acuity, kind of useless with geography. When he put an entire country in the wrong place for the third time, Clint held a hand out for the pad of paper looking slightly pained. He took an eraser to the entire middle of section of Tony’s sketch, and began re-drawing the boundaries. His tongue stuck out of his mouth when he was thinking, which Tony didn’t actually think people did in real life, but it somehow made perfect sense on Clint.
Tony froze halfway through a sip of the smoothie Steve had made him; several bright orange drops dribbled from his lips and down onto his shirt. But before Steve could apologize on both of their behalves, or assure the other man that he was in no way expected to actually sit at Steve’s feet, Tony shrugged and plopped himself down right in the spot Bucky had indicated. He wasn’t kneeling, thank
It is blessedly easy to get in contact with General James Rhodes, and even easier to convince him to return to the compound. The words ‘Steve knows about Tony’ are barely out of Sam’s mouth before he hears Rhodes is briskly ordering someone to make preparations for his departure.  That’s the good news.
“Want anything to drink?”
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for reading, and for your comments, kudos and questions. They mean even more to me right now. I hope you all stay well and safe.
Seeing as Tony was, for once, being truthful about his health status, his ended up being the briefest of Bruce’s checks. He stayed for everyone else’s—Clint was put on a day’s bedrest to avoid further straining his healing ankle, and Bucky was administered super-soldier proof pain meds to treat a broken bone which was already in the process of healing. Then Tony made his way to the penthouse feeling oddly let down. It wasn’t like he had wanted to be detained for hours, but the way Clint had spoken about this whole process with some weird mix of reverence bordering on fear, he’d somehow expected more than being quickly looked at and then dismissed by Bruce.
“Take. That. Off.” He took two long strides toward Tony, who instantly had to remind himself to breathe. (This wasn’t Siberia. He had defenses here, defenses Steve didn’t even know about because he wasn’t this universe’s Tony.) Dummy, who had settled himself between the chair and a chaise lounge, whirred and wheeled forward, placing himself squarely in the middle between Rogers and Tony. There was movement from the others in the room too, but Tony never took his eyes off of Rogers and Barnes. The latter placed a restraining hand on Cap’s bicep, murmuring something Tony’s unenhanced ears couldn’t quite pick up. Rogers growled a reply, something that definitely included a muttered curse (what Tony wouldn’t have given to make a ‘language’ crack…) and shoved the plastic bag he’d been holding into Barnes’ hands. Then he turned around and, without a word to anyone else, marched back towards the elevator he’d just exited.
“Hate that I’m so much work,” Tony grumbled.
“I’m going to start things off, and be in charge of running the scene,” Bruce explained, his hand drifting south past Tony’s waist to caress his ass lightly. Unlike check-ins, there was nothing clinical at all about his touch now, nothing impersonal or distant. “You already have some familiarity with the kinks you chose for today, but you’re still welcome to ask any questions you have before we get started.” Bruce waited several beats and then nodded when Tony did nothing more but try to swallow with a suddenly dry mouth. “Alright. Down in a seated position, please. Steve said you’ve decided on a ritual for how you want to start scenes?”
to soothe those kind of hurts, to provide guidance and care and comfort of whatever form a submissive (
Tony will later hope that he said something charming and witty in reply to Steve’s invitation; truthfully, he doesn’t recall if he managed to respond in recognizable English at all, or if (as he is inclined to think from the suspicious bruises on his shins) he just lunged across the coffee table at the poor guy. To be fair, though, Steve didn’t seem particularly bothered if that was how things went down, given that Tony’s first definite memory of what happened next was being physically lifted off his feet. Steve’s hands felt absolutely massive, spanning almost the entire width of Tony’s ass as he hoisted him to the precise height he needed to plunder his mouth.
The word pretty now instantly brought to mind the lacy underwear Clint had bought for him. Tony had barely had time to enjoy them before everything had gone down with Peter, but he’d still caught sight of them occasionally, sitting harmlessly among Tony’s regular underwear as if they didn’t send a slow shiver down his spine every time he spotted them.
“I’ll be there too, and I did have some input into the project. But from what I understand, Bucky took the lead on the whole thing, so it seems only right he should be the one to show it off.”
For him, sex had been a site of occasional pleasure, sure, but it had also been a tool and a distraction and a source of occasional distress. For the most part, Tony had benefited from actively refusing to think too hard about his sex life. Even without the kink stuff thrown in as another added wrinkle, this was pretty much virgin (ugh, he was resorting to mental puns now) territory.
Nevermind actually composing the message itself, Rhodey spent a good thirty minutes just trying to figure out who to address it to. His first thought was Steve; he was already the team’s leader in so many ways, and while they’d all seemed happy enough to be incorporating Rhodey into their relationship, it had been Steve he’d dealt with so far for most of the logistical stuff.
“Well that’s it right there, isn’t it?”
Would it ever be enough, just one more look at Peter, at Rhodey, at Pepper or Cap or Nat (god he hoped Nat was there)? Tony had an addictive personality, after all, was he really strong enough to see all of what he’d loved best about his home universe and then leave them behind forever? Was that even what he wanted to do?
“It’s Saturday morning,” he repeated for what was probably the sixth time as he blearily followed Coulson, who was clad in a thoroughly uncharacteristic set of flannel, kitten-covered pyjamas, down the hall. (A grinning Steve had insisted that Tony dress in a similar pair, which he was just realizing  now were printed with cartoon mice dressed in lab coats.)
“Straight to the spanking bench.”
Content Notes: Peter's background contains some unpleasantries. Nothing bad enough to require a separate tag, but he's been isolated, financially insecure, and scared for a long time. (This would be a hard one to read around, but if you want to try, check in with me and I can try to help redact the chapter.)
He wasn’t entirely sure what he expected to see when the doors slid open. Tony thus far had managed to be nearly unpredictable. One second he’d be doing stuff like paying Peter’s hospital bills or strongly hinting at buying May a car, and the next he’d be pulling all the way back, never uttering a word about Peter skipping out on planned meals or forgetting to text after returning from time as Spider-Man.
“You’re not the first to try to make that argument,” Phil volleyed back. “Now, to business. I’m going to have JARVIS pull up a projection of the exploratory contract you filled out when we started all of this. I’d like you to take some time to review it, with the knowledge and experience you have now. You’re welcome to note any changes you’d like to make as you go, but mostly I’d like you to focus on a couple of specific things: try to identify a specific kink, dynamic or tool that has been your favourite thus far, which has been your least favourite, and one that you haven’t yet explored you are most interested in or excited about. The latter will be the basis of your scene this afternoon, so do put some thought into it, and of course any elaboration you can give us about the choices you make int any of the categories is going to be useful.”
“AVENGERS ASSEMBLE.”
Masdee didn’t even dignify Steve’s excuse with a verbal response. She did, however, push out her chair enough that her hands, palms up and on her knees, were visible. Then she inclined her head just slightly, baring her neck. It was a rarely-used gesture designed to comfort Doms in distress; neither of their instincts could be tricked into believing Masdee was submissive, but by acknowledging Steve’s own Dominance, she sought to soothe and reassure those parts of him that felt threatened and edgy. (Was Steve really that far gone?) He took several long, deep breaths.
I think that's it, but as always, feel free to let me know if you have questions, concerns, or think any additional tags need to be added.
“If you need a breather to go deal with that…”
“So I assume decency laws and everything are suspended here?” Steve nodded.
This results in Tony asking for and eventually receiving a paddling. Natasha is very clear that she's not willing to punish him for her counter-part's death, only for his having withheld information directly relevant to their scene and his safety and wellness from her. That said, it's still a very intense scene.
“Pep, it’s
“What about it?”
Steve knew what he wanted his answer to be. And he knew that it was a different one than he might have been able to provide even a weeks prior. He could not quite give voice to it yet, however, and Domen didn’t ask him to.
With symphony, I’m not stretched quite as thin in terms of perspective (Steve and Tony are our only POV characters except in AskStrange shorts.) I’ve also grown a bit more confident, so while I still outline the major story arcs as well as each chapter, they’re more point form now, and I’m also more inclined to let the characters take me places I wasn’t necessarily planning on going. (For those of you who have read the ageplay verse, I actually owe a lot of that to Clint; he surprised the hell out of me when I wrote (That Would Be) Enough, and in such wonderful ways that both I and readers felt great about. He was a great lesson in trusting my instincts.)
Peter, however, was still recovering. He fell asleep at nine, midway through his assurances to Sam that he was wide awake. Bucky and Sam decided to follow MJ home to smooth any ruffled parental feathers, which left Steve alone. He called May first. It was his third update already that day. It was also the first time Peter had ever been ill in his care, and Steve damn well wasn’t going to keep anything from his parent. They’d agreed, though, to keep May’s knowledge of what had happened a secret for now. Steve wouldn’t lie to Peter if directly asked. However, both of them hoped he would decide to come clean on his own terms.
“That’s what the cross-training is for. Wakanda has a system for training subs and Doms to be able to move between multiple orientations depending on context. Princess Shuri is a submissive, and T’Challa is a submission-inclined Switch, but neither of them has any trouble using Dominance in their day jobs. The Wakandans won’t release details about how it works until the agreement is finalized, but it’s a combination of social and medical interventions; they’re completely harmless and entirely reversible, and they allow people some degree of choice over their headspace.”
“So how’s it going with the kid, anyway?”
By the time Steve returned with several hot dogs, plus pretzels and drinks for them both, Tony had moved past overwhelmed surprise and into the hungry curiosity that was far more familiar to Steve. He bounced slightly in his seat as he peered around.
An interesting query! Sexual orientation does exist to a degree, though most would not consider it a particularly important aspect to choosing a partner. I would liken it to something like hair colour or height—something that matters a great deal to some, but is certainly not a major structuring force in the majority of romantic or sexual relationships.
pour a bowl of cereal. And then I’d brush my teeth, pour some cereal, and make some coffee. Eventually, I was making it through whole mornings, and then whole days. But I had to start by brushing my teeth.”
Tony did remember clearly that the team had promised a full day of non-sexual submission led by Rhodey. The prospect of playing with Rhodey while he wasn’t edging on depression at being separated from the rest of his partners had been intriguing. But the  actual concept had felt curiously abstract. Sure, some parts of Tony’s submission weren’t sexual, like the check-ins and the pictures and Phil’s awful, awful writing assignments which were going to be the death of Tony, but those were brief episodes often sandwiched in between the sexy stuff. How were they going to fill a whole day?
Whatever Phil was getting at it was not a conversation that Tony was particularly interested in having. The passive voice thing…he was identifying something Tony hadn’t even realized he’d learned to do after a while of writing mission reports with his old team. But short of perhaps Pepper at her most furious, no one had ever made Tony feel pinned in place solely with their words quite as effectively as Coulson was doing, and he’d managed it without ever raising his voice an octave.
Tony seemed entirely unaware of the harmony of effort and care that went on all around him. He had only eyes for Steve, at whom he stared as if even blinking might set him adrift. Not that Steve was much better; he gazed right back, one of Tony’s hands clasped within two of his own. He stroked the back of Tony’s hand with one thumb and crooned soft reassurances every time Tony seemed to want to get remotely agitated. For the first few minutes, Steve waited on tenterhooks for those moments of disquiet to work themselves into more sustained annoyance or at least confusion at Steve’s presence, but they never did. Tony softened all over again every time Steve did pretty much anything, which pressed every button his Dominant instincts had.
Bruce’s touch never lost its steadiness. He got frustrated sometimes, just like all of them seemed to when Tony revealed things about his past. But here at Daily Check Ins Bruce was completely unshakeable. And while Tony loved the team’s protectiveness, the openness with which they wore their affection and empathy, he’d also quickly come to value that slight distance Bruce could convey in moments like this. (It made sharing the harder stuff easier sometimes, to pretend that it was something that only impacted Tony himself.) The only reaction Bruce gave now was to flatten his hands against Tony’s flank, so that he could feel the heavy press of Bruce's palms and the full length of this fingers.
However pissed he might be at Steve, Phil was never one to disobey a direct instruction from a Dom when he was in headspace. (Undoubtedly it was why the team had decided on him instead of someone like Bucky or Nat, who might have pushed back against the Dominance just for the sake of it.) He was compliant even when Steve got him settled on the bench, which included a built in cock sleeve that Phil despised almost as much as he loved. The man had a hard enough time not coming without permission when in headspace, and combining the promise of pain with the torment of the sleeve was more of a challenge than Steve would normally set him. But today, instincts turned all the way up to 11, he wanted as much as Phil could possibly give him.
“Not even remotely. And it’s not definitive proof of anything. Yes, it might mean that Domination really isn’t for you. It might also just be a sign that you need more time to move between headspaces, or that you’ll always be most comfortable exploring Domination in conjunction with some level of submission. Could even be a hint of top-drop. None of those are bad or wrong options. And look, I know that we’ve been pushing you for honesty and reflection a lot lately, but that doesn’t mean we expect you to have all the answers right away.”
This somewhat morbid and highly depressing thought was probably the earliest sign of stage two: angry, depressed Peter. He didn’t become aware that his mood had shifted, though, until several minutes (maybe? drunk time was weird) later when he and MJ were discussing Tony—more specifically, how Peter and Tony had met. He’d forgotten she didn’t already know the reality behind the ‘internship,’ at least until he’d made passing reference to his involvement in the Civil War. MJ sat up straighter, looking far sharper and more sober than she had seconds before.
“It was…fine,” Sam said, rather unenthusiastically. Steve arched an eyebrow. “No, Alexis is, I mean, you know how long I’ve been crushing on her. But I just—it’s hard to get excited to be back at the beginning of something, you know? I had it, the whole thing. The relationship, the life, Riley and I had all of it. So even though the start of a new thing is supposed to be all shiny and exciting, it sort of just makes me wish I could either hit rewind or fast forward, you know?” Steve smiled, bittersweet and sad. Even though it was validating to hear such similar thoughts to the ones he’d had, he wished this wasn’t a pain he and Sam shared.
tell him you know about the kneeling. Let him come to you with that.”
That seemed, Tony mused, like the perfect metaphor for Natasha: malleable right down to the cellular level, refusing to choose between strength and adaptability.
“Stitch?” Thor asked. “I know not of this Stitch. Is he a great warrior?”
Tony couldn’t stop looking at her collar, and every time an unwelcome feeling of jealousy simmered low in his belly. He’d seen collars on plenty of people out on the street and on television; some of the Switches in the Tower wore them when they were subbing, too. Tony had never felt anything but curiosity (especially when he’d first arrived) and then admiration and respect. He had no idea where the reaction came from. Tony certainly didn’t feel romantically or sexually threatened by Talia; none of the team were the cheating kind, and from the way she was looking at her partner, he very much doubted Talia would have been interested anyway.
Even the team, who were far more aware than most of putting too much pressure or focus on Steve and Tony’s True designations, were obviously curious the first night after the two of them had sex. Tony could feel their eyes on both of them as he and Steve tried valiantly to make it through a normal breakfast, seeking out…well, he didn’t know. Rainbows shooting out of their asses? The two of them bursting into a perfectly timed duet? Some kind of supernatural glowing?
He did make it through most of the scene, right up until Steve tried to kiss him again while he fucked him. The dissonance of that gentleness with the surfacing memories of what it had been to sub for Sunset had Tony viciously shoving back onto Steve’s cock, demanding his Dom take him harder and stop fucking around.
“You can come as soon as Steve and Thor do, honey,” he promised, and Tony all but sobbed out his gratitude. The vibration of that was enough to finish Thor off only a few seconds later. Steve allowed his own thrusts become greedy and uneven, chasing orgasm with abandon now, and he bellowed Tony’s name as he came. As Bruce’s hand brought Tony closer to his own release, he shook his head, trying to fight it off the way that Steve had found he so often did, as if afraid to let the pleasure all the way in.
He didn’t make it through his pancakes this morning, and from Steve’s faint look of disapproval, Tony guessed that his time before they had some kind of Conversation about eating and rules and shit was numbered. But he had to get out from under those stares, and the weight of the expectations behind them. Because truth was…it hadn’t been quite as amazing as the box had promised. Oh it had been fun of course. Steve was a generous and capable lover, and more confident in his Dominance than Tony had expected. But for all the hype…maybe even because of the hype, he’d felt curiously underwhelmed in the aftermath.
“Okay. You need to shut up right now,” he snapped, throwing his safety goggles onto the bench. Tony blinked.  Peter felt terrible but also almost outside of himself with irritation, because Tony had just suggested the coolest thing Peter had ever heard in his entire life, and it was his damn fault Peter couldn’t even enjoy the moment!
“No. I was cautious of Stark at first, it’s my job to be. But I lost him once, and have been losing you every day since. There is nothing,
At a certain point after the Civil War, Tony though the had truly grown immune to Cap’s speeches. He hadn’t, however, counted on how much more effective they would be when not blanketed in hypocrisy or naivety as the other version’s so often were. Steve knew what he was saying; he was self-aware enough to truly own the implications of these words. Tony hung his head, a deep sense of shame and regret taking over from the last remnants of self-righteous anger. The team had done nothing but show him, over and over again for months, that they loved and supported him, and Tony had responded by letting his own shitty self-worth and fear overtake that knowledge. He had almost ruined everything; hell, maybe he still had.
Once Coulson had murmured his assent and departed for his own floor, the questions fell from Tony’s lips before he could even consider whether he was truly welcome to be asking them.
“Well, that depends on what you mean by here, Birdbrain,” Stark’s voice replies. The snark is definitely on-brand for the guy, but there’s something a little bit off, too.
“Thank you,” Steve said stiffly. His heart was still thudding madly in his chest, his arm braced at his side mimicking his stance when he held the shield. “You going to tell me what you did mean, then?”
But damn it was just so hard to exhibit even a hint of respect for men like Richards. He had all the arrogance of someone who had never known or expected anything but power, but yet no clear reason to feel so eminently proud of himself. From all Tony had gathered and confirmed with Pepper so far, the guy was never one for ideas, or vision, or risk of any kind that might harm the bottom line. He was all about short-term gain and never rocking the boat, even for the sake of longer term benefit. Yet here he sat, legs splayed so wide that he claimed an entire long side of the coffee table they were seated at to himself, and a grin so smug and self-satisfied that he might have been announcing how he had single-handedly kept SI afloat in Tony’s absence. (He wondered absently if it would be worth paying one of the staff to ‘accidentally’ pour coffee on the guy if Tony needed a quick out, but discarded the thought almost immediately. Richards would definitely be the type to try to sue a minimum-wage employee into personal bankruptcy.)
But Tony couldn’t bear another surprise. Not one more, and especially not from Barnes or Rogers.
Pepper gave Tony an earful on the way back to the Tower.
Tony couldn’t imagine his own version of Steve feeling shame about anything. Regret, sure, but those were two different beasts entirely. This Steve, though, he’d knelt for Tony after only knowing him for a day in order to apologize. He went to therapy, and he listened to the others when they gave him advice, and he’d torn SHIELD apart but then taken the time to put it back together again.
“FRIDAY, turn out the lights and set an alarm for 6:30 AM please.”
“He’s really, really fine. He voluntarily came to me for a check-in on his day off just to make sure he was as fine as he thought he was. And he was excited to spend the night playing video games and drinking way too much Red Bull before, as he put it, Rhodes ‘gets his hooks in him tomorrow.’” Even Natasha had to laugh, but Steve couldn’t help but notice that she still didn’t seem entirely comforted by the reassurance. Bruce picked up on it too. “You could always go spend the evening with him. Just because we don’t play on Thursdays doesn’t mean we can’t be around him as long as he’s up for company. And we’ve got plenty of hands here, we’ll have no problem finishing off everything that can be done tonight.”
Steve exchanged a glance with Bruce, who smiled a little ruefully. Clearly, they were going to have their hands full today. What neither of them counted on, though, was the two problem-children actually helping each other. After throwing numerous confused glances in Bucky’s direction, Tony set his fork full of gravy-covered sausage down.
Bucky’s quick-thinking had bought them a reprieve, providing a glimpse of Tony’s intentions without pulling him fully out of headspace, but they all knew it was a matter of time after that. Once Tony’s brain had started really working on something as important as their looming conflict with Taskmaster there would be no slow sink back down into the depths of subspace. They all held on tighter while they still could. They hand-fed Tony all his meals that day; by dinner he was up enough to grumble a bit, but Steve didn’t need Bruce’s careful charts to be sure Tony had taken in way more food than was typical for him since the scene. And his satisfaction seemed more than just physical; Tony emerged from subspace with a contentment that seemed to both delight and astonish him, like he’d been given something he’d needed his entire life without ever realizing.
“Is it now?”
Everyone but Peter laughs. He’d like to think it’s more nervous laughter because he feels a little sick and vaguely like he should be offended by it at all.
Eeek! I've been so excited to share this one for ages. If you're confused about how the heck Steve is talking to Tony, there's a pretty big hint way back in chapter 44 of symphony.
It hurt. It ached at what felt like a cellular level to watch them together, to see how seamlessly this Tony could slide back into his old patterns and routines. It felt like being unmade all over again; so much of Steve’s sense of self had been destroyed and then re-shaped around the absence of Tony that to be presented with this irrefutable evidence that the man in front of him was some version of the man he’d loved was…well, it was not so much like seeing a ghost as realizing that he’d been one all this time, himself.
Tony batted away the blending sponge Pepper was using to rub yet more concealer under his eyes with a cry of victory. They’d elected to take home field advantage for the venue of the press conference, so the two of them (plus Coulson, who stood in the doorway in an impeccable suit, his careful air of unflappable calm already in place) were in one of the small meeting rooms on the first floor of Avengers Tower while Steve finished reading his prepared remarks. (Unlike Tony, he had stuck to the cards, not so much as a comma out of place.) Beyond identifying Wanda as Mark II’s killer, it turned out the team had never released much in the way of detail about how the guy had died, fearing attempts to emulate Wanda’s staggering degree of power. This made it almost scarily easy for the team to now claim, as Steve was in the midst of doing, that Tony had been in some kind of magical stasis this entire time, alive but unexpected to ever regain consciousness.
“Huh?” Her smile had that sly little curve to it that only came out on the rare occasions that Pepper was about to break the rules.
me to die for him! He’s had plenty of parental figures in his lifetime who have done that. He wanted me to live for him, and I couldn’t even manage to get that right. Instead, I got him all attached, gave him one rushed hug on the battlefield after he got back, and then died in front of his eyes, leaving him with…” Tony trailed off, then pointed a finger at Steve. “You’re going.”
“Of course.”
“’Tis not so simple as that, mine Clint,” he declared sadly. Phil, though, seemed to finally be on drunk!Clint’s side, because he too was on his feet. Steve looked dubiously at Phil and blocked his exit from the kitchen.
“Go get me your kneeling pillow, collar, and the box.”
Oh gosh. Oh gosh. We're 130,000 words in and these two are finally just acknowledging that they want to be together. I did warn it was a slow burn, didn't I? In seriousness, I know all of us (including me!) have been dying to get here for ages. I sincerely hope it felt worth the wait.
Eek. Hope you all liked it. For those interested, MCU Tony's storyline was inspired by a pre-Infinity War fan theory about Tony having ties to the Soul Stone. Even though they turned out to be horribly wrong I loved those theories, and I wanted to experiment with what it might have meant for them to be right while still keeping some aspects of Endgame relatively intact. The storyline is also inspired by the Iron Man comics. Without getting too spoilery for those who want to read them, Howard and Maria Stark's troubles conceiving are canonical.
“Kid!” Bucky hailed, jogging over with one hand still rubbing at his sore behind. “Thank God, I could use some air support here. No one told me that Wilson would be using his wings and the shield.”
And it just kept getting weirder. Steve—sweet, ‘it runs on some form of electricity’ Steve, was the one to bring up using the Tower itself to their advantage, specifically a series of environmental controls and other hazards to strategically move Taskmaster’s army through the space.
“Sorry to disappoint, but I really don’t remember much. We were in the middle of a battle against one of the most dangerous enemies we had ever faced, so I was thinking boring stuff like strategy and suit energy levels and listening to the check-ins from my team until pretty close to the end. By the time I realized I probably wouldn’t be making it out, that wasn’t something I really had time to dwell on…which is probably a good thing, really.”
“We know that. We took a great deal of care to ensure you wouldn’t, and for once the universe didn’t manage to interfere with our plans.” Phil held the welder out without even looking at Tony as he spoke, clearly so certain he was correct about what Tony wanted that he didn’t require visual confirmation. Tony snatched it gracelessly by the handle.
would he stay…wherever he is? What if they’re holding him there involuntarily, or he’s being drugged or coerced or—”
“Make sure to get your feet tucked under the blanket.”
It all happened quickly after that. Steve had Phil undressed by the time the elevator ride to his floor was over, and he watched with unapologetic, undisguised lust as Phil crawled into the living room beside him. God but he’d missed Phil’s thighs, how thick and toned they were, the way the muscles bunched so deliciously under his skin when he moved.
When Steve’s attention is finally drawn over to the island to see what seat is available, he's met with a mixture of raised eyebrows, grins, and curious glances. Steve raises his own eyebrow in question, and with a shake of some heads, the team goes back to what they were doing. Everyone’s already crowded around the island, chowing down on what is most likely Bruce’s genius in the kitchen.
In the moment of their victory against Thanos and his army, there’s a mixture of relief and utter joy that runs through them. All except Steve. Sure, he feels the elation that it’s finally over — he even yanks his helmet off to get a better view of their triumph — but when he instinctively turns to hug Natasha in celebration, his heart is met with a cold wall.
With every brush of tongue and lips, every press of their bodies, Steve feels a little more whole. He can’t get enough, his hands grip Tony tighter, enough to bruise, and he moans, moving them backwards into the shower.
"Wow… Uh, yeah. You're naked. Which is the point of all this, and I knew you'd be gorgeous, but wow." Tony all but seems to ramble, pupils blown wide. Steve chuckles at his response. This is why Steve needs him here: Tony is always able to make him chuckle or laugh when he doesn't think it's possible.
Tony is gripping Steve’s thigh with one hand, the pressure strong enough that it would leave marks if Steve didn’t heal at an accelerated rate. He can’t help but feel the small twinge of disappointment in knowing that he can’t be marked by Tony. Those thoughts don’t last long, though, they dash away when Tony goes to massage and gently squeeze Steve’s balls with the hand that no longer needs to hold his dick, what with Tony’s head still bobbing relentlessly.
Tony pulls back with a look of confusion. “Are you kidding me!? That was some of the best sex I’ve ever had! But I appreciate you making sure.” Tony tilts his head in consideration, and raises up to straddle Steve’s lap, “How about, whenever words get hard, we use the ‘green-yellow-red’ and the tap-out system, so we’re on the same page? That way there isn’t any confusion and no one panics that they crossed a line after the fact,” Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s shoulders so his hands can play with the wet hair at the nape of Steve’s neck, almost as if to drive home that he’s okay.
Steve couldn’t really have asked for a better introduction to punishment if he’d tried. He spared a few moments to regret, again, never having brought Rhodes in to their relationship before. But Dr. Domen always said ‘know better, do better,’ and Steve practically had the mantra tattooed to his eyelids now for how often he relied on it. They had Rhodes with them now, another crucial person for Tony, who deserved every bit of love and support he could get. That was what mattered.
Rhodey grinned and reached over to ruffle his hair. He, at least, was apparently still willing to touch Tony even though those touches didn’t mean what the team had thought they did that morning. Tony let himself lean into it, just for a moment.
Love you all 3000.
“There is literally nothing I wouldn’t drop to be there when you work on this,” Bruce vowed, quiet but entirely unambiguous. Tony blew him a kiss, then strode across the room to where Steve stood gawping at him.
After some extended discussions and negotiation, Rhodes had decided to stay too. Like during Tony’s punishment he had elected strictly to observe. A glance (not Steve’s first, he couldn’t quite seem to stop looking Rhodey’s way) revealed that James had made himself comfortable in an armchair, which he’d pulled over to beside the aftercare area. He was still dressed, but he’d changed into a pair of form-fitting jeans and a clinging purple shirt, both of which were so unlike his everyday style that they were nearly as affecting as if the guy had turned up naked. When Natasha glided over to hand Rhodey the rope for his own inspection James grinned. For just a second Steve was positive Natasha actually blushed in response.
“Alright. Let’s get these carpal tunnel tests done so I can finally get Clint off my back. He’s harassing me daily now about when he’s going to get to tie you up.” This image rather short-circuited Tony’s brain, and he grumbled regretfully as he called the other key rule of check-ins: no sex.
“G’night, James.”
The atmosphere in the penthouse when Phil and Steve entered was utterly bizarre. Pepper and Tony were sharing the couch, petting a bot Steve had never seen before and which appeared to be some kind of sheep or something. Every time Pepper pressed a finger to a sensor pad between its ears, the thing made a low sort of humming noise and tipped its head back like a cat. Next to her, Tony muttered his usual stream of affectionate insults to the bot as he wrapped a blanket tighter around his own shoulders and swiped between several open holoscreens floating in front of them.
“Tell me about that, Ms. Stacy,” Peter said in his most official sounding voice.
“Sorry.”
Tony had been weird for days after returning from his first solo scene with Phil. Steve noticed it right away—the odd politeness, the unexplained bouts of blushing, followed by periods of snappy irritability.
“Well you’re gonna wanna do more than ‘behold’ them. We’re not going back to the Tower until you’ve finished at least most of that.” Thor’s hands, which had found their way onto his own body to brush against the rope, landed with a guilty thud on the table, rattling the dishes and sending a few drops of coffee onto the table. As Steve wiped up the mess, Thor shovelled half a pancake into his mouth. Once he swallowed and his system finally seemed to register that there was food in front of him, Thor cleared most the plate without further problems.
Tony was woken early
Given that Steve had just invited their partner to leave the universe if he so wished, he expected the glares that were being aimed at him from several members of the team. Natasha was openly fingering the knife on her thigh, which was truly terrifying even for a super soldier.  Bucky’s expressions was shuttered, a sign that he was reaching for the Soldier’s lack of affect as a bizarre source of comfort. Bruce, however, looked thoughtful. He chewed his lip, and his mouth opened and closed several times before he spoke.
Extracting himself from Tony’s vice like grip has become second nature at this point, and it allows Steve to easily swing his legs over the edge of the bed so that he can sit. Tony only stirs for a little bit, mumbling something incoherent before turning over and falling back asleep. Steve braces his hands on either side of his thighs as he slightly hangs his head, eyes focusing on some random spot on the floor. Feet blindly move around the soft carpet to snag his way-ward slippers where they burrow. The first destination of the day lays directly behind him.
"He really does eat a lot! I tried my best to get ready fast enough! I even fell over! I pray to every food god I can think of that Barton hasn't eaten all the good stuff." Tony is nearly bursting with energy that's unusual for the morning, and Steve loves it.
He watches Tony’s every move: The way he hooks his thumbs in the waistband of his pants to pull them down. The way his arms and shoulders shift  and flex as he pulls the soft tank top over his head, exposing his lean torso which is dusted with dark hair. Tony is certainly beautiful, scars and all. Steve’s mouth waters.
They eventually get up after trading kisses a few more times to rinse off before making their way to the bed. They gently dry each other off, in part because of the immense love that they feel for each other, but they are also now both exhausted. They climb into the immaculate bed that they've now shared countless times when Tony had to make business trips for SI. The sheets are soft silk that soothes against their clean, hot skin, like a sigh.
It was definitely wishful thinking, Steve realizes. He finally walks out, hand in hand with the love of his life, his soulmate, with a genuine smile on his face for once. Tony himself was grinning like a child who had just won a toy from the claw machine, nearly giddy.
Every time after that, Steve would eagerly relay the new development in his relationship with Tony to Natasha for him to be met with a “told ya so” look. It took Steve longer than it should have to realize that perhaps Natasha was the one to thank for those suspiciously prolonged moments of privacy that the two men were gifted.
Tony breaks the kiss to Steve’s brief dismay, turning to type the settings he wants into the shower command panel. Steve just redirects his attention to Tony’s jaw, neck, and throat. He knows he’s coming off as desperate, but he can’t find it in himself to care. He feels like a dead man who’s just found his source of life. His ministrations make Tony fumble with pressing the right keys on the screen, delaying the start of a very promising shower.
He peers down at the love of his life, putting as much tenderness into the gaze as possible. Tony looks back up at him, and Steve brings a hand down to caress the side of his face, thumbing his cheek. Tony’s smile is radiant in return and he moves to kiss the palm of Steve’s hand to then nuzzle his thigh, and Steve feels his heart expand. It’s almost as if every good thing about them is clicking into place, and he wonders why this didn’t happen sooner.
“It really is. The kid is so much like Tony, just without all the self destructive tendencies,” Steve smiles back as he responds, not caring if his love for the two made him look soft. It was then that Steve looks down to the plate that Bruce holds out to him. His smile quickly slips from his face.
After things with Tony fell apart, Steve had become incredibly close to Natasha. Both were able to relate to feeling like an outsider or like they didn't quite belong; Steve for not being from this time period, and Natasha for having more difficulty accepting any kind of familial bond.
“I- I just don’t know what else to do,” Steve sobs. He’s not sure when he started crying, but now the tears run fast and hard. “Sh- she’s gone- oh god Tony she’s gone, and I don’t know how to stop this ache!” Steve is crumbling now, the grief of it hitting him again, harder than he’s let it this past month. The weight of it has him sliding to the floor, hands bracing his head.
When Steve finishes, he reaches down and around to firmly squeeze Tony’s ass with his unoccupied hand, while he strokes Tony’s dick with the hand still holding the wash cloth. Tony’s knees wobble, but Steve supports him as he bites and sucks on the junction between Tony’s neck and shoulder, knowing he’ll be sporting a mark there for awhile.
Steve’s renewed relationship with Tony was vital for the team because after that, the team that once was, slowly reformed. Without Natasha, that wouldn’t have been possible. She was the glue to their messy Avengers puzzle, she turned their crumpled dynamic into a solid picture one can admire.
“It’s kind of crazy to watch the two of them together,” Bruce notes with clear tenderness. His voice snaps Steve out of it, and he turns to see that Bruce is smiling at him.
feels
Getting through today just became a lot more difficult, and Steve is left with the usual itch he gets whenever Natasha is brought up. That need to throw caution to the wind and fuck Tony until all other thoughts have no space in his mind.
"Stay."
It’s not Bruce’s fault, he’s just doing his best to move forward. So Steve eats his pancakes. He can feel Tony’s eyes glance over, like he can feel the tension radiating off of Steve. But Steve just ignores it, he can’t bare to see the concern written across Tony’s features. Though no one else shows signs of noticing the shift in Steve’s demeanor, the shift in the room is palpable.
“FRIDAY, lights at twenty percent please,” Steve murmurs, and automatically the lights brighten to a dim glow. Though the sun has already made its appearance in the sky, the room still needs the light so he can safely make it to the adjoining bathroom, without bumping or stumbling into anything along the way.
It’s a lie. He knows this. He knows that being happy doesn’t mean that it’s because she’s gone. And he knows Nat would really want him to be happy in spite of her being gone. But it just feels so wrong, like his heart and soul is being doused with thick, putrid motor oil, extinguishing any happy emotion he was able to glean from the memory.
"How about we get you cleaned up?" is all Tony asks, as if he knows this isn’t the time to talk, and it’s better to keep things short. Steve’s never allowed Tony to see him like this, so fragile and broken, there’s never really been a time that he could.
With half a mind, Steve remembers to snag a fresh towel and washcloth from the linen closet. They’re navy blue, and when he pauses to admire the feel of them, he notes that they’re the softest he’s ever used. To think he would have once marveled at the extravagance of this alone, not to mention the life he lives in general, is laughable. And now, he can’t seem to find pleasure in any of it. He turns again to finally enter the bathroom.
He has to blink against the sudden brightness of the room, the light beams from the spotlight bulbs in the ceiling and the self illuminating mirrors. The hard soles of his slippers softly tap against the white tiled floor, before Steve toes them off to stand on the spongy grey bath mat in front of the mirrors. He begins to shave, not needing to put any focus into the movements as he uses the attached, smaller mirror to see from all angles. When he’s sure that he got everything, patting away the remaining shaving cream, he hangs his head between his arms braced on the vanity.
"We still got the tower honey." Tony responds, and Steve can only nod, no further persistence of needing to know the plan. Steve knows his actions, or lack thereof, will show the severity of it all, but he doesn’t care. Tony, still in his suit, braces Steve in his arms bridal style, and blasts them up into the sky. The whole ride over is silent, except for Tony confirming with FRIDAY that the tower can accommodate them and they'll have the space to themselves. Steve had somehow forgotten about the tower in the chaos of his muddled mind.
They walk a few steps into the still bedroom, Steve’s empty gaze sweeps the expanse of it. His attention snaps back over to Tony when he feels him release his hand and turn to leave. Automatically panic wells up in Steve at the prospect of being alone, and without registering it, he reaches out to grasp Tony's arm.
“Steve,” Tony manages to moan when Steve grazes a particularly sensitive spot with his teeth. “We have to actually make it
“Tony,” he pants. Tony’s ministrations against Steve’s ass and chest have only made standing still for Steve that much harder… literally.
For most people, this would be a peaceful moment to enjoy the little things, but all it is for Steve is frozen, silent torture. He wishes he could be normal and just cozy right back up in bed and be content, but he always wakes up at the same time every morning. His mind alert and flooding with memories of Nat that are now tarnished with the thought of her crumpled and crushed body, whose soul is lost to the stone that returned with Clint instead of her. He's powerless against the onslaught of horrific what-if’s. He's putting all his energy into not breaking down so that he doesn’t move, not wanting to disturb Tony. He’s completely at the mercy of his unforgiving mind. His eyes fill with more tears and the light that’s filtering through the curtains turn to blurs of golden color.
A year after that first encounter, Steve became good friends with Tony again, which then turned into something romantic. It hadn’t gone as far to turn sexual, though they were excited for that part to come (pun very much intended). With all they’d been through, they knew that their emotional connection needed work before a physical connection was brought into the relationship.
Tony frowns at this, pouting slightly. Steve's resounding laugh booms in an echo around the communal floor, making the team look up from whatever conversation or food they were having.
that’s
Steve definitely keeps his eyes on Tony. The gentle, reassuring touches from before are awakening something in  Steve — the emptiness of loss is filling up with something warmer and he doesn’t want it to go away. Steve wants Tony, wants him to rid that empty feeling from his soul, make him forget about the ache he can’t seem to shake.
“Shh. You’re fine. Just enjoy it, Tones.” The next offering brought one of the market blueberries Steve had given Tony on his first morning in the Tower. Then came sips of a smoothie that Tony loved but rarely made, because it was universally despised by the rest of the team. (Seriously, what was so weird about the little kick of garlic? It gave the thing an awesome punch.) After that was hunks of candied salmon that had once been Tony’s go-to drunk snack.The experience wasn’t just indulgent, although it was certainly that; Rhodey was telling a story, a whole lifetime worth of memories, nourishing Tony with love and attention just as surely as he was through the food itself. By the end of the meal, Tony was grateful for the blindfold, which soaked up a number of tears he couldn’t quite hold back.
“You’re beautiful like this, Phil. So open and good for me.” He traced a teasing finger down the line of Phil’s spine and to the tip of his glistening hole. Someone had already prepped him, and Steve slide a finger inside just because he could. He had left the arm, leg and waist straps loose enough that Coulson’s hips jerked in reply, and the sub whimpered anew as his cock slid forward and back in the sleeve. Steve’s body sang with control, the tension at his shoulders already beginning to release. “I find myself feeling a little old fashioned today. How would you feel about starting on my belt?”
“Why not?”
“General Zabu is resting after her patrol last night. But she has asked that you join her for dinner in her chambers this evening.” (She would know. Masdee was brilliant and perceptive and entirely unimpressed by the legacy surrounding Captain America, which meant she was never afraid to speak her mind with him. Most of the time all of this would be counted as positives, but now…)
Rhodes crosses the room in a few strides until he is standing in front of James Barnes. The Winter Soldier. One of the most feared assassins in the world. A man whose name is still uttered in whispers. Rhodes slaps him on the head with the pile of shoes he’s still holding in one hand. Then he continues speaking as if Bucky had never interrupted.
“Don’t ask me anymore, Steve. I made a promise, and I’ll tell you if you force me to as your second, but I’m requesting that you don’t. Not yet.”
There were still numerous complaints, and addenda, and questions. Bruce wanted and received permission to check in with JARVIS once a day about Tony’s general health indicators. Natasha quizzed Rhodes about his plans for the coming days—would they leave the Tower, where would they go, how long—until he tartly reminded her that he was War Machine, not a hapless civilian, and as such would be perfectly capable of ensuring Tony’s safety regardless of what they ended up doing. Thor interrupted that exchange, which had grown somewhat heated, to wonder aloud if they’d done something wrong, made some kind of mistake in their handling of Tony. Tony smiled sadly and spoke for the first time in nearly an hour.
Tony woke the next morning after a short and fitful sleep and was halfway to getting dressed to head down for check-in before he realized there wouldn’t be one. Bruce wouldn’t be waiting in the lab to ask Tony a hundred questions, using clever hands and keen eyes to find all the things Tony tried to hide. Tony could stay in bed all morning if he wanted, or get up and drink an entire pot of coffee. Hell, he could get mind-numbingly drunk if he wanted. It should have felt freeing, not like being stabbed repeatedly in the gut and then having the wounds rubbed raw with sandpaper.
Weeks, even a few days ago, Steve probably would have been incensed. Today, he mostly still felt like he’d told Phil: tired. Grief was exhausting. Learning to accept Tony’s loss, and himself in the face of it, was by far the hardest thing Steve had ever done, and if he’d learned anything from his conversation with Domen the other day, it was that he still had a long way to go.
“Somethin’ wrong?” Tony didn’t answer right away. For a few moments the sound of the musical and Steve’s heavy, laboured breathing were the only noises in the room. Steve had all but given up on even an acknowledgement that he’d spoken when Tony sighed, paused the movie, and stood up at the same time as lifting Steve’s sweater off of himself. He gestured impatiently toward a long gash along his side, raising his arm so Steve could get a better look.
1 1/4 cups lemon juice (~8 lemons), plus slices for garnish
“…JARVIS?”
For a few long beats, they all watched as Peter visibly wrestled with his desire to stay angry and resentful towards Tony while also wanting desperately to believe that he was truly wanted and cared for on his own terms. Tony himself appeared to have reached his own threshold for intimate and personal conversation. He watched Peter struggle to take the news in with an exhausted, almost hopeless expression, as if certain he had already lost the boy.
“Peter, I know you’re awake.”
He grinned and peered down at his phone, still in his hand from when he’d ordered Pepper’s headache treatment. Phil had responded to the selfie Tony had sent of himself in the elevator with his very particular mix of flirtation and performative bureaucracy.
“You alright?” At some point, Coulson had made his way around the conference table to stand next to Tony; his hand rested heavy and firm against Tony’s shoulder.
“This is mine to hold for now.”
him anymore, not publicly. You all have to put on big smiles and pretend that I’m enough when I can never—when I can’t—so I just thought this would be easier. I’ll tell them at the press conference that I wasn’t your world’s Tony, that I found a way around Wakanda’s testing and that I lied to everyone, including you guys. That way the team and SHIELD will be safe from any blowback, and they’d see when I told them about what Howard did that I had no reason to lie, nothing to gain from it.”
The thing was, Tony could picture it so easily. Ever since he’d arrived in this universe and seen what Steve had done with the place, Tony had been so comfortable at SHIELD. He’d held himself back a hundred times from chipping in advice or suggestions because he hadn’t wanted to irritate or undermine Steve. And now, after Tony had all but lost it on the guy the other day, Steve was responding by offering him the keys to the kingdom. And fuck was it tempting.
“I met my Tony when he rolled up to MIT half out of his mind from prolonged submissive deprivation, or sub-dep.” The room was completely silent, the others watching Rhodey attentively as if they either had never heard the story before, themselves, or considered it important to listen to the re-telling. “We undergo testing, here, at 14. In our day it was mainly bloodwork, because hormones related to orientation spike at that age, really dramatically. Right after that testing, kids usually spend at least a month immersed in their headspaces at a state-run training facility—learning what it’s like to be there, what they need, that kind of thing. It isn’t sexual at that point, orientation is about way more than that, but the need and the drive to be in headspace…it’s incredibly strong. The day after my Tony’s results came in, Howard shipped him off to university instead. Claimed he was 15 on the enrolment forms, filled the pockets of the right people, and no one said a damn thing.” The hand still in Tony’s hair tightened for a second, then released. “I don’t—Banner can take you through the science of it later, but for a submissive to be denied headspace, especially one classified as he was and at such a critical point in his development…it could have driven him insane. Killed him, even. And still it took him three damn days to admit who and what he was to me so I could help him.”
He’d been asthmatic before the bite, she knew that from stories. He didn’t ever seem to struggle with it these days, but whatever was in the goddamn Thor juice (and how dare he get her stressed to the point where she was referring to it that way, even internally!) was wreaking havoc on his damn system. And MJ officially felt out of her league. Even then she’d still tried her best to keep Peter’s condition on the DL. After multiple assurances from Tony Stark’s AI that she would monitor Peter, MJ had sprinted back to the main building with the intent of sneaking in and finding the inhaler Peter had said he had ‘probably’ packed. Except then she’d been met at the door by a stony-faced Steve Rogers, Sam Wilson, and Bucky Barnes.
Have you seen the amazing artwork Verin has created for this verse? There's now two pieces, each more delightful than the last. Check it out under 'Works Inspired By This One!'
“And yes, questions. All the questions. The memo says a whole bunch of things about your program trying to force people to change their orientations and submit at work. I’m positive that’s not what it’s doing, but can you tell me what it is doing, and what the hell Wakanda has to do with anything?”
Absolutely no apologies are necessary, and you missed nothing! The decision for Stark to focus on submission during his D/s education was initially, as you noted, based on the fact of his needing to be able to convincingly perform the role in public. However, once the team decided to enter into a more genuine relationship, the decision to continue focusing on submission was mainly focused on the paperwork that he filled out. See below. (For reference, this vision takes place between chapters 20 and 21.)
That night, Tony drifted off with the voice of one of his oldest and dearest friends in his ear. (
1 cup sugar
“Really?”
Steve finally works his way up to talking about the events that lead to his Tony's death. Meanwhile, MCU Tony and Bruce experiment.
(See the end of the chapter for
Even Tony couldn’t meet that explanation with malice or sarcasm. (His own bots were probably alone. He’d left instructions for their care, and he hoped Pet—someone would step up once things had settled down more, but they would definitely not be high on anyone’s list of priorities.) He couldn’t quite manage to say anything at all, at least until Dummy wheeled over to the couch and made a querying beep.
“God no! I’ve heard enough stories to know I likely would never have even had the chance to meet him were it not for you and Rhodes. I’m nothing but grateful to you, Pepper, and I’m sorry that we—that I did a poor job of showing it. I know better, now, and I promise I’m going to do better. Starting with asking for your input.” He tapped the holotable between them and opened several screens, one of which he maximized while sending the others into a corner. “This is from an agent of mine in Wakanda, on behalf of her Dominant and CO. Princess Shuri was contacted two days ago and asked to provide the most senior member of her medical staff. Specifically, the requesting agency wanted someone familiar with DNA, classification testing, and identity confirmation.”
“I didn’t mean to intrude,” he rushed to tell her. “I’ll come back. Bruce, just have Jay—”
“You don’t anymore?”
As for the fate of one Natasha Romanov…
“Oh that’s rich!”
Bucky would later speculate, loudly and only somewhat jealously, that Tony and Steve did not emerge from the penthouse for 28 hours following their late-night training session because of the many indecent acts Tony’s new armour inspired in Steve. Tony egged on the teasing, making a number of borderline-indecent insinuations that had Clint crying foul about why Steve didn’t have to follow the no sex rule if the rest of them did. (Only Tony, Steve thought fondly, would pretend to have been having wild sex to cover up for the fact that Steve had spent the vast majority of their time together in a deep, blessedly dreamless, sleep.)
“My magic will respond to some degree to what and who you hope to see. Try not think of all of them at once; go slowly, one at a time, or it will undoubtedly overwhelm your mind.”
Content Notes (there are a few for this chapter): Tony doesn't have as much trust in Natasha and Clint as he did in Bruce, so he goes into their meeting half expecting something pretty troubling to happen, like a practical 'demonstrations' of D/s designed to hurt/humiliate him. This obviously does not happen, but it's still an anxiety he expresses. (If you want to avoid that, skip the first two paragraphs.) There's also a brief allusion to Tony having some issues with food, which include a spoilery reference to information from the Endgame trailer. If you want to avoid that, skip the paragraph that begins "Tony didn't offer an explanation..."
Their first press interview as a full team was of course when Tony’s presence was revealed to the world. Since then, they have not had cause to address the media en masse, though both Barton and Stark are occasional unable to stop themselves from snarking. (The media will also have a rather large role to play in upcoming events re: Stark Industries. All I will say on that matter is it will not always be pretty.)
“Well given that I have no idea what the hell’s going on right now, it probably makes more sense for me to leave. I’m hungover as shit anyway, maybe now Dummy will let me make a smoothie in peace.” Another series of beeps sounded from the bots, but the lower tone and slower intervals between the noises made them come across less indignant and more…defeated. Like they’d expected Tony to let them down. (Goddammit.)
“Aaaaaand stop. JARVIS?”
Having retreated safely to his quarters, Peter went through the motions of finishing his meal, then washed up in the ensuite bathroom. It was full of the kinds of skin and hair products that Aunt May would probably lose her mind over, but he stuck to the basics of his routine-- a quick wash of his face with drugstore soap followed by brushing and flossing his teeth. When he re-entered his room, he cast an unwilling glance toward the Spider-Man suit that he hadn’t worn once since downloading the AI Tony had sent over from the other universe into it. Peter stared at it every night and felt the pull of temptation to put it on. He already knew what a relief it would be to hear Tony’s voice again, to be able to seek out his support and hear his terrible jokes and mine his almost encyclopedic knowledge.
“Don’t tell me I got all prettied and cleaned up for you, just to have you choose the bed over me,” Steve makes his voice deep and sultry in Tony’s ear, just the way he loves it.
He’s Captain America for fuck’s sake. He should be the embodiment of strength, but the only thing he gives Tony is a tiny nod as he hiccups out, "Wh- where are we supposed to do that? The- the base is destroyed."
Steve assumes it’s a little bit of both of them — that’s the only way Tony could have found him among the dust and chaos of the battlefield. Steve’s face is still covered, but he can feel Tony swiftly crouch in front of him, hands coming to brace both sides of his shaking shoulders. Steve hears a muffled kind of noise as a shadow crosses in front of his face. It’s Tony trying to peer at him, concern all across his features. It takes a few squeezes of Tony’s hands before it occurs to Steve that Tony’s lips are moving, and that the muffled noise he’s hearing is Tony trying to talk to him.
In Steve’s mind, this was working, and he’s scared to let it go. Even though he knows Tony has seen his fading composure, Steve does his best to pull himself together again, he needs this, and the only way Tony is going to give it to him, is if he doesn’t look like a puppet on his last string.
The shower in the penthouse isn’t like any other Steve had been in before. One of the many pros to being Tony Stark's boyfriend is having access to luxuries one can't forget. It’s about the size of a small bathroom, with multiple shower heads and an inlaid bench built into the walls. Perfect for shower sex.
“Sweetheart, I get it, I know it hurts, no one is asking you to act like you’re fine. But I need you to talk to a professional who can help you find closure. I’m worried about you.”
That was all it took. When he heard her name, it was like a cold bucket of water was poured over him. All of the warmth he was finally getting used to again snuffs out like a candle. Tony tenses from where he stands by the coffee machine, but doesn’t say a word. Bucky glances Steve’s way, with genuine sympathy and concern written across his features.
“Hey, hey, hey, Steve I need you to breathe with me, okay. Deep breath in, and out.” Tony instantly crouches down on the floor with Steve. Forehead crinkling with worry, he rubs Steve’s arms in comfort. Seeing Tony’s face anchors Steve enough to get down a shaky, deep breath, and then another more solid this time, and then another until he’s breathing smoother. Tony nods along in encouragement, he really would make a great dad.
The damage had left the whole compound ruined, forcing the team to relocate back to Stark Tower. Everyone has their own level for their quarters, but there’s one level, the communal area, that they all share, it’s kitchen getting the most attention whenever Bruce is around. It’s been nice, having the whole team all in one building again.
This also happens every morning. The alarm is a saving grace and a weight of dread all at the same time. He’s no longer stuck in the depressing film of his mind, but now he has to pretend like nothing is wrong for the next 15 or so hours.
Steve stretches his body out, slowly, as to not jostle Tony. He revels in the feel of muscle being pulled taut. It’s one of those luxurious stretches that has your hands interlacing high overhead, feet point like a dancer, while your legs and arms shake with a satisfying clench. The renewing blood flow makes Steve feel as if his body has finally woken from its previously paralyzed state. It’s a good start, he must admit. The fresh feeling is what he focuses on to keep himself from just staying in bed all day. There are only so many obvious indicators of depression he can get away with, and sleeping the day away is not one of them. If his usual tossing and turning can even be considered sleeping.
Steve believes he's successful in fooling everyone, even Tony, who is never one to complain when Steve becomes insistent and desperate with his hands and mouth. Or at least that's what Steve tells himself, because facing the fact that everyone notices, encompasses more than he can handle. He holds tight to it not being  their place to push when they catch him zoning out during their mission debriefs, even if it is becoming a concern.
It happened to Natasha first. Steve can still remember how she thrashed in his arms, her voice was hoarse as she screamed and cried at a no longer existent enemy. Her eyes were squeezed tight, and tears streamed down her cheeks as she uselessly pounded her fists against his chest. It had only taken a moment for Steve to come to his senses enough to hold her closer and rub her back in comfort. He whispered into her hairline reminders that she was safe and no one could hurt her anymore until she finally relaxed back into him.
"Would you... could you join me? I don't want to be alone." It’s the first full sentence Steve has been able to utter since leaving the battlefield, his voice raw from the hours of sobbing. The prospect of being with Steve in the shower really seems to get Tony going, his face full of desire.
“Mmm, but you taste so good.” He huffs in such a deep, husky voice, grazing his teeth more firmly against that very spot again, eliciting an even louder moan from Tony. By this point, they’re both very hard and straining, but Tony finally gets the shower going, and turns to push Steve into the spray before following him in. Right away, Steve notes that some of the grime on their bodies begin to wash away, save for a few spots that will definitely require the use of soap.
Tony just comforts him through it. They stay like that until dusk becomes dark. When Steve's sobs start to die down into sporadic gasps and hiccups, Tony slowly pulls back, gently patting his shoulder.
“What do you want Steve? What do you need?” Tony’s questions brush against Steve’s ear seductively, making him shiver. All the things Steve has always wanted to try flash through his mind, but one image sticks.
That’s why the news of her sacrifice hit everyone so hard. For Steve, he had lost his best friend, it was truly like he lost his other half.
Instead of answering right away, Tony’s hands clasp the sides of Steve’s face. His eyes are starry with emotion when he leans forward to press another gentle kiss to Steve’s lips. “And I love you Steven Grant Rogers. I’m truly the lucky one, so very very lucky to have you. I’m not going anywhere, not even Satan himself can convince me to leave you.” The words settle a small part inside Steve and he closes his eyes as Tony leans forward to rest their foreheads against each other.
"Whatever you need." Tony repeats, pulling just a few inches away from Steve's face to look into his eyes and gently pull him into the bathroom. The tenderness and care calms Steve back down again, and he takes a deep, shuddering breath, nodding to show that he understands. Tony slowly helps Steve undress, his hands brush reassuringly across the newly exposed skin, making Steve shiver. Once Steve is completely bare, Tony audibly exhales, eyes slightly wide and glazed.
Together they make quick work of getting dressed. It takes a bit more coaxing to actually get Tony out of bed. A few lingering kisses here and there, but Steve doesn’t mind, it makes him feel needed. There’s a moment when Tony tries to slip his jeans on, just to slowly tip over and fall to his side. Steve does his best to clamp down the laugh thundering to get loose, but when Tony looks up, face screwed in annoyance, the laugh bursts free.
“Nooo. Well, I mean yes. But, you have to admit, this is the busiest the Hulk Diner has ever been!” Steve slightly rolls his eyes at the corny nickname he insists on giving their kitchen. Tony claims that because Bruce is the only one who uses the kitchen to its fullest potential and creates great culinary masterpieces, the Hulk Diner is perfect.
