Dean swallowed sharply, something close to hurt sweeping through his every pore. Of course, after they had kissed, Cas needed some alone time.
Kevin scoffed and looked away, directing his attention to the bloodied gauze pads lying on top of the metallic table. “Go to sleep, Dean. Maybe tomorrow, your dreams will come true.”
But it was too late. Dean’s heart started beating faster, catching fire as the flames sparked to life, scorching down his spine, consuming each and every muscle and bone, eating all the oxygen in his veins. Gasping only made it hurt more as all his senses burned. The fire clawed thick at the last thin layer of skin, keeping everything inside. “’m sorry,” he choked around shallow breaths and let go of the flames.
They stopped by the edge of the green crops; their amber, fuzzy tassels swayed gently in the breeze as if inviting them inside. Dean gritted his teeth and climbed out of the car, going straight to the trunk.
Dean moved slowly, his entire body filled with a soul-crushing sensation of dread as he raised both hands at his sides, trying to look as harmless as possible, heart thudding in his ears as he began searching for a way out.
The man had reached the fort’s outer wall by the time Dean got to him; he was about to climb the stairs leading to the north watchtower when Dean grabbed his arm and stopped him, forcing him to face him.
Heaving a sigh, he started to make his way to The Roadhouse. Baby was still parked by the bar from the night he had walked Cas to the Inn, so not even her low rumble could comfort him as he walked his sorry ass to work. Once he got there he gulped another painkiller, made his greetings, and started his shift.
Dean looked at his boots. He tried. Dean tried over and over again and ended up failing more times than not. But maybe that’s all there was left for him to do. Life was a bitch, and ended up fucking him over no matter what he did. So Dean had to keep going, had to keep trying, even if in the end it didn’t make a damned difference.
“Here,” Dean offered Castiel one of the mugs before moving the other to his lips, blowing softly at the brown content before taking a sip. “See? All good,” he said after taking a couple of gulps. “If I wanted to poison you, I wouldn’t have bothered to go through all of this trouble, would I?” He took another sip, watching through his eyelashes as Castiel took a careful sip of his own, his eyes slowly dropping closed as he moaned around the bitter liquid before lowering the mug to focus on the toast. Castiel chewed with deliberation, hesitantly drawing out each bite, savoring it as if he was afraid at any second he would bite on thin air instead of real food.
“I love you.” Dean heard himself saying for the first time in his life in a non-platonic way; voice choked up on emotion; the way the words rolled off his tongue sounding more real than anything in his life. Cas looked down from the sky, the specks of light replaced by surprise that quickly faded into affection. Cas drew near, leaning into Dean’s neck, nosing there, his fingers tangling in Dean’s hair.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas murmured after another instance he caught Dean staring at his tail. It had been two weeks since their arrangement, and Dean would still steal glances at Cas’ tail whenever his will was not strong enough.
“Oh, well.” She sighed and stared at the sky. “Better go along then, before it starts raining and we get all wet. Would hate to sport a tail now and have to drag my ass up to the car.”
Castiel shook his head at a deliberately slow pace. “You don’t understand. Feathers can’t be taken, only given. In order for the feather to remain in your hands… the feeling needs to be mutual.”
It felt like lightning skittered along his insides as he pushed inside one last time before being thrown over the edge with a breathless moan. “Dean…” The only word his mind could formulate, lungs producing the single syllable, centering his universe on the human he loved. His back arched as he came, head spinning and stars exploding behind his eyes, his toes curling inside his shoes, hips jerking forward to finish deeper.
“Dean!” he repeated, shaking the man by his shoulders to no avail. Boulders of despair plunged into the pit of his stomach as he looked around until his eyes landed on Dean’s necklace, forgotten on the ground, and his mind drifted back a few hours to when they were still on the road pursuing Dean.
If you want to leave it to your imagination don't open the link, but if you'd like to see what inspired me while describing Cas' tattoos, it's something like this but with the shape of plucked wings: https://i.pinimg.com/originals/01/c2/14/01c214aa3b3e403a59a202efb7f09a20.jpg (just focus on the lines and ignore the  symbols at the center)
“Self-taught,” Dean replied immediately, chest puffing, unable to hide the smugness behind the words.
The rest of the day passed in a blur, and before Dean realized it, the sky was turning dusk, with soft, pastel colors painting the day in lavenders and pinks. Dean stretched his back until it popped, cleaning the sweat on the back of his neck with one of the rags laying around.
“Leave it alone, Sammy. And give me time, I…” Dean gave a feeble smile even though his brother couldn’t see him. “I’ll get over it. I always do.”
After a long stretch of silence, he untied his boots and lined them up by the bedpost, drooping himself carefully onto the mattress, head propped on his hand to face Dean’s still body.
“There’s no future without you,” the words sounded so firm and sure that Cas simply nodded, refraining from saying another thing, but Dean wasn’t done yet, something eating at his chance of happiness. “So, you’re human now?”
He turned on the lamp on top of the desk and opened his laptop. After checking his email and coming up with a few useless ads and a couple of bills due for paying by the end of the month, he was done.
Dean gave half a shrug and started cleaning wine glasses. “I think you watched too damn many romcoms.”
“Who the fuck is that?” Dean heard Gordon saying before the door closed behind him, and he crossed the hall connecting the scanning center with the emergency ward. The stranger moaned and shuffled on Dean’s arms until his cold, sweaty forehead came to rest against Dean’s neck, but other than that, he didn’t show any signs of waking up. Dean lumbered the last few steps before bursting through the door.
A clanking noise rang out from the kitchen and Dean rolled his eyes heavily before storming after his brother. Sam was already occupied filling Dean’s fridge with everything he bought.
He was driving before he noticed, pressing his foot down on the gas pedal before he turned up the music. ‘Traveling Riverside Blues’ by Led Zeppelin filled the inside of Baby as Dean drove, searching for the blue that was his missing piece.
Dean couldn’t help the weight on his chest crushing his lungs as Cas asked Jess, “What exactly transpires inside these aquariums?”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “A damn pack of lube isn’t exactly an emergency and not high on my to-do list.”
“I’m sorry but something had to be done. You can’t be that stupid to break up with Castiel because of that.”
Zombies, Dean had heard the adults call them once, the notion sounding too impossible for anyone to repeat it out loud. The undead, Croats, monsters — so many names, so little explanation for what had happened to the world. Dean could get used to being stuck inside the house for the rest of his life, but he would never get used to them. The constant growls, the gut-wrenching screams, the scratching on the walls, letting them know just how aware of their presence the Croats were.
“I wanna swallow every last bit of you.” With that, Dean took him down, almost to the root, hollowing his cheeks and sucking hard, taking every last ounce of Castiel’s breath.
A few minutes passed before both Sam and Cas were storming in. Sam hunched over the bed and hugged him so tight Dean was sure he had broken his spine. “Easy, Samantha, not gonna disappear,” he said, gripping his brother back just as hard.
“I’m here. I’m right here, Cas.” Dean kissed the brim of Cas’ hair, at the limits of his forehead where the soft curls clung to his dampened skin.
“It’s alright, sweetie.” Mary’s hair floated in waves against her back as she extended her arms and coaxed Dean to flounder forward and take his first steps across the beach, the sand rough and heated beneath his small feet.
“I’ve never seen anything more beautiful,” Cas confided, eyes drifting around, mouth agape as he contemplated his surroundings.
Dean pressed his eyes closed, trying to fall asleep, trying to keep his thoughts from focusing on anything but the warm, firm body currently lying next to him. Eventually, he gave up and regarded Cas again.
“It was quite enjoyable. Very adventurous.” An indulgent smile expanded Cas’ mouth as he whispered, “There’s some lack of reality in some aspects, I have to say.”
Dean huffed, emitting a mirthless laugh, anger filling his heart but evaporating just as quickly when Dean took a closer look. Blue-eyes looked like a wounded animal pushed into a corner, pale as a ghost, and frantically shaking as he stepped back. He was surprised that the man was still standing, as Dean’s emotions hastily morphed to sorrow and compassion. The guy released a throat-cutting cough before tugging his jacket closer to him.
Castiel bolted to his feet, easily disarming Cole before hitting the man’s face with his right hook. Cole faltered a few steps back, and Castiel punched him again, throwing him down by grabbing him by the collar and slamming his back into the ground. The tiles broke under the sheer force of the movement, and before Cole could finish his next whimper, Castiel was on top of him, punch after punch filling the other one’s face with split skin and blood.
The reason behind it would remain a mystery until it happened a second time and a third, and then another, each one occurring after Dean got hurt. All the evidence became too much for them to ignore — by some crazy fucked-up reason, Dean was the one causing the fires. Whenever he got cut, whenever there was blood drawn, he would turn into a human torch and explode, burning everything and
“Sorry, didn’t wanna wake you,” Dean said, pausing in front of the couch. They hadn’t talked about it, but after everything that had happened between them recently, Dean hated the idea of sleeping on the couch, and being away from Cas’ warm body.
“That would be a shame indeed.” Cas looked up then, and Dean’s tongue darted involuntarily to lick his lips. He rubbed the back of his neck in lack of something better to do, but couldn’t keep his eyes off of Cas.
“Very eloquent, Cas.” Dean winked, relishing in the way Castiel’s blush deepened beautifully, before looking at the counter between them. “Bet you’re questioning your life choices right now, huh?”
When he got back, Cas had complied with Dean’s request, an obvious anxiety making him sit upright on the sofa, hands splayed against his knees, gripping them lightly as he silently watched Dean working on the supplies he had retrieved.
He passed the rest of the day holed up in his bedroom. Cas didn’t show up, and he couldn’t say he cared.
The first meeting with the water always felt like being born again, his legs merging and glowing momentarily as the molecular structure changed to a long, robust frame of flesh and bones covered in scales, each one small as a fingernail, sleek and soft as rose petals, yet firm as a ripe apple. He felt the fin along his spine erupt through his skin as well as those along his shoulders. The first few times he had gone through the transformation, the burning sensation of his spiny fins breaching through his skin had been something he didn’t look forward to; nowadays, though, he was accustomed enough to the change that the tingling feeling was the only thing that remained.
Dean gulped and shoved that piece of information into the depths of his mind for the time being, the taste of bile rising at the back of his throat despite his resolve. It was acrid and unwelcome, but not as bitter as watching Castiel on his knees with a knife to his throat.
“Yeah, well,” she turned her attention back to her pile of sandwiches, “just saying what everyone’s been thinking.”
“What about me? You made me stand there and watch you get hurt!” He heaved a shaky breath, bottom lip quivering. “How cruel of you… you made me care just… just to see you get taken away…”
As the third week turned around the corner, he still hadn’t left the Infirmary’s bed. Missouri said his body was recovering, not only from the energy that had been drained during the ritual to open Hell’s gate but also from the blood loss Castiel’s stabbing had provoked. However, Dean knew it wasn’t the loss of either that made him hollow of a will to live that just wouldn’t resurface.
Dean entered the library, ambling along the labyrinth of bookcases to the far left corner where he knew the lone table was holed up in the back, surrounded on both sides by the lucent, golden morning sunlight.
Dean’s boat was waiting for them by the shore. They climbed inside, and Dean hurried to ready the lines. He adjusted his rod and reel with one hand, leaning over so he could rearrange Cas’.
Jody looked thoughtfully at the van for a split second, hesitation giving way to a decisive line between her brows. “We should attract them in that direction.” She pointed to where they were supposed to head to reach their pickup truck. “Charlie and I will lure them that way, then run to our truck and try to lose them from there. Once the path is clear, you run to the van, get the guy and wait for us. I’ll find a way to drive back here and get you.”
Dean hummed as Castiel drew into himself, clearly uncomfortable. He mentally kicked himself for suddenly turning this into a damn interrogation. He had just gotten Castiel back and instead of making the meeting easy for him, Dean was nearly strapping the guy into a goddamn lie detector.
When Dean finally reached him, they lingered in each other’s space for a while. “Hey,” he said, voice raw and fragile. After a moment’s hesitation, Dean leaned forward, arms moving towards Castiel; but instead of pulling him for a hug like he had done to everyone else, Dean’s hands cupped his cheeks, rubbing slow circles on them, fingers as delicate as if Castiel was no more than a porcelain doll. Castiel gasped, and somewhere in the middle, Dean was kissing him, bashful, soft lips on him; and Cas wasn’t sure if the silence falling around them was the crowd stunned, or if it was his world slowly fading just to fit Dean and his mouth slowly moving against his, reverently filling him with warmth. Dean’s lips were as delicate and fragile as the feather Castiel had given him. Castiel could feel his own heart racing a mile a minute, mirroring Dean’s, who was probably just as nervous about exposing his feelings in front of everyone.
He opened the window and sat by it, legs half-hanging over the edge. He wrapped himself in the thick white comforter he had been using despite the raging scarlet and fiery oranges pigmenting the first night of July and the warm breeze running across his hair. Truth was, the comforter smelled like Dean, and he couldn’t bring himself to let go of it, not until he could get the source of homemade lemon soap scent right back safe into his arms.
Not long after, the soft melody of a guitar filled the area, and while Dean wasn’t usually one to dance, he found himself extending his hand to Cas and inviting him for a dance.
The murmurs in his head continued, raw and shrill, scratching at his eardrums and gouging at his skull.
In Cas’ case, though, the situation was a bit more complicated. For now, Dean had convinced him to stay, but as soon as Cas felt well enough to walk without the risk of collapsing, he was probably leaving never to be seen again.
Cas sent him a tender, melting gaze. “Dean…” he said, the word uttered like it meant so much more than it actually did. “It’s complicated.”
As soon as the three rounded the pulled shut curtain, it became painfully obvious they had just been played. Dean ran to the open window, and there he was outside, dark hair still a mess, but steps quick and resolute despite the obvious fragility as Blue-eyes put as much distance as possible between him and the infirmary.
Dean’s eyes fluttered close and before he drifted to sleep he couldn’t help but wish circumstances were different and they could have a shot together.
“Dean,” came Sammy’s voice as appeasing fingers wrapped around his shoulder. Dean could feel Victor and Gordon’s dark eyes in the back of his head. There was no use in trying to change their minds. But Dean would only make their life easier if he let his emotions get the best of him. The rest of the group still had the final say; he just had to step back and trust they would make the right decision.
He took Dean’s free hand and brought it to his lips, leaving a chaste kiss there. Then, because it became too much to bear, he burrowed himself into Dean’s side, arm loosely around his waist. It wasn’t lustful; it wasn’t the eagerness for something carnal; it was the search for pure comfort and reassurance that only Dean could provide. “Yes,” he whispered into the crook of Dean’s neck. “My answer is yes, Dean, I will stay.” He muffled a cry into Dean’s skin. “You said you’d catch me, and I wasn’t ready before, but I am now. So just open your eyes and come back… come back to me.”
Dean made a tormented sound; the horror of what was waiting for him on the floor was nothing compared to what would happen if he lost control with Charlie and Bela still nearby. “Run!” he screamed. The words echoed throughout the building as he fought to control the wildfire expanding behind his ribcage. Dean kept his eyes firmly shut, the sickening flames licking at his heart and scorching his veins, determinedly pulling him into the darkness.
It shouldn’t come as a surprise. Not for Dean. The curse plaguing him since childhood enough proof of how much of a fuck up he really was. No matter how deep Dean buried it in the darkest corner of his mind, along with all his self-loathing and insecurities, it would always come back to haunt him. And Cas knew what he was; he had seen it — a wreck of a man that had contributed to the death of his own parents, with a darkness hovering over his head, ready to explode whenever he got hurt.
“Don’t touch me.” Dean jerked his arm free and glared at the merman in front of him. “Forget this ever happened,” he warned. “You got that?”
Until Cas would eventually move on, that is, because that’s what that was about, right? An experience indulging in Cas’ need to know how it felt to kiss someone. That’s all that was. And yet… for Dean, it was so much more than that. And the idea of hearing Cas saying it meant nothing for him terrified Dean to the core. So he kept quiet, didn’t mention it. Instead, welcoming the silence and the memory of soft lips, than have it all shattered.
.’ Dean could almost swear he had heard the man say before his mother's voice shouted for him on the opposite side of the park. He jumped to his feet, waving for her and yelling ‘
Castiel rested his chin in his palm and looked out the window, taking a sip from his tea before closing his eyes, smiling when the familiar nudged at the back of his mind came back.
“Come,” Sam said, his composed figure coming up behind her, arms already leading her to the screening rooms on the left side of the center.
Castiel didn’t relent, moving excruciatingly slow, each thrust deeper than before, stealing Dean’s breath, stripping him bare, pulling every low, longing moan out of Dean. “I want to savor this, my love.” Castiel kissed him devoutly, suffocating him and filling him with air all at once. “I want to memorize every touch, every breath, every fluctuation of your expression.” He watched Dean reverently, a smile meeting his eyes with a web of lines.
Cas went warm and pliant into his arms, his tail curling gently around Dean’s body. Dean cherished every second ticking by, didn’t rush it, holding Cas closer than necessary, not minding the way his damp skin soaked through Dean’s clothes as they left the bathroom.
“We round it.” Dean backed up two steps, utterly unaware of a tin forgotten on the ground until his foot collided with it, and the damned thing went flying across the street. The loud sound of metal echoed against the buildings for what seemed like forever. Dean looked up to find the petrified gazes of the other two females.
Yeah, so maybe he was overreacting. It was just a harmless question. One that he had answered — and lied about — a thousand times throughout his life, but he just wanted to get this over with, and dealing with Victor’s sudden curiosity was the last thing on his mind right now. The moment that Croat had taken his necklace was still weighing on him, along with the visions that came with it, the piercing red eyes calling for him,
Dean grinned and turned them around so Cas was on his back and Dean was straddling his thighs. He pulled Cas’ shirt up and leaned down to press a series of big, wet raspberries on Cas’ stomach. “Anything.” One raspberry. “To make.” Another raspberry. “This cute.” Another one. “Little tummy.” One more. “Happy.”
He set a brutal pace, finding Dean’s prostate and pushing against it until Dean’s eyes stung with tears of pleasure. Any initial burn was gone now, and all Dean could feel was the raw desire and the intoxicating ache low in his belly that stretched his cock painfully full.
“Kill you?” Lucifer cocked his head to the side. “I’m not going to kill you, Dean. I need you alive. You're the key.”
“Everyone contributes as they can,” Donna argued, “as long as each of us does their job, I don’t see why we need to change our ways.”
But none of that held a candle to how the sea made Dean feel. When he wasn’t at the bar, he was out scuba diving, working for Sam and the local museum he ran — the Lilyville Museum — not only taking photos but finding small treasures, exploring the seafloor and the local wildlife. He would lose himself in the endless blue, and on days like this, he couldn’t wait for it.
He started out small, diving just a few minutes at a time, and not too far down. Whenever he felt out of breath, swallowed by the sea and its endless fury, he would touch the new tattoo under the wetsuit with his hand, fingers covering the two vertical flowers to ground him back to reality, to safety. After all, there was beauty in the water too, and protection. The tattoo was a reminder of that; inside a storm he had still found shelter, and Castiel had been the lighthouse guiding him home.
Cas drew his bottom lip between his teeth, his cheeks turning pink, eyes locking with Dean’s in a way that reminded him what it was like to be devoured by the sea. “Do you…” he started, voice faltering before he inhaled weakly. “Do you want to touch it?”
Castiel stretched his wings, flapping them a few times. “I need to be quick,” he said with a finality in his voice that ended any argument they could have left. He took one last watery look at the group. “Don’t… don’t let Dean blame himself. I know he will. Let him mourn my death but teach him to be happy. He deserves that.”
The air moved with a snap, rotating on its own, the breeze giving way to a rush of wind, to light up the tree behind him, the flames illuminating everything with a change so sudden Dean could not keep his eyes open more than a slit.
“Great.” Sam spun on his heels and strode into the living room, leaving behind Cas shifting his gaze all around the place except for Dean, and Dean picking at the hem of his shirt.
The shark moved past him again and, taking one last photo, Dean reached out, his fingertips brushing along the skin. Dean had touched sharks before but it never ceased to amaze him how rough the skin was, like sandpaper, though it felt smoother if brushed from head to tail.
Dean let out a low hum, shifting his weight onto his forearm to take his own dick in his hand, the tip an angry red as he ran his grip up and down the pulsing shaft. “Faster,” he pleaded, his hand working furiously on the large cock.
Before he could finish, Riot rushed past him and started jumping up on Castiel, paws scraping his chest lightly as he woofed happily to the merman, tail wagging enthusiastically.
“Oh…” Cas glanced at his lap, his drowsy smile never faltering from his lips. “I was dreaming about home.”
Kevin nodded curtly. “We found a bunch of books about dead languages in one of our latest runs. And I offered to help Sam take a look at them. We’re hoping these will help us translate the rest of the book.”
“Couldn’t they have come up with a fully powered-up thing? That looks like a half-ass job if you ask me.”
Three knocks on the door dragged Cas’ breath away from him and the promise of plump, soft lips along with it.
Some years back, Rufus found a cassette player on one of his supply runs and decided to bring it to the Keeper even though they had no actual use for it. But maybe they could take it apart and use the parts for something else, he had said. Dean had taken a look at it, and a wishful flutter had hitched at the back of his mind. Maybe it was the memory of his dad revamping the Impala in their garage, with Dean sitting beside him, just a kid, but already with plans of doing the same once he was a grown-up, listening to John’s favorite tunes in their cassette player. Maybe it was how much fun he usually had with Charlie whenever they went on supply runs, with the radio blasting classic rock music in the background.
“I can assure you I’m as real as you can get.” He looked down for a moment before his eyes found Dean’s again. “I wasn’t sure you’d remember me.”
In no time, Cas was enthusiastically praising the pie, releasing sinful sounds around various forkfuls of the sweet confection. When he sucked on his fingers after bringing an almond twist to his mouth, Dean discreetly adjusted his quickly hardening cock, sure that Cas was intentionally trying to turn him on.
Cas let out a shuddering sigh, the warm puff of air meeting Dean’s skin like a balm. Dean’s embrace tightened, the muscles along Cas’ back shivering and relaxing beneath his fingers.
The silence that followed was so heavy, Dean wasn’t sure Sam was still on the line. He checked his screen to make sure the call was still going.
The lobby wasn’t big, just wide enough to have a small waiting area on the left, with a dark wood, low coffee table framed by a beige leather sofa and two deep-gray armchairs at each head of the table. A wide fireplace warmed the place and stood on the opposite wall of the reception desk where Rowena smiled in greeting behind it as the two approached. Much to Dean’s displeasure, Castiel let go of his hand to retrieve his key.
Cas chuckled low and affectionately, the sound rumbling through his back directly to Dean’s chest and filling him with warm butterflies. “What we have… it’s not a burden, Dean. It’s actually a speck of light amid the darkness.”
With a shiver he pulled back, planting a kiss on the corner of Cas’ mouth before muttering, “Let me take care of you.”
John laughed. “Cap’n Crunch is all yours today. And you can even decide which one you prefer! I’m sure mommy will agree you deserve a treat after your hard work.” He placed his hands on Dean’s shoulders and quickly maneuvered him to face the bathroom. “After we get cleaned up,” he gave Dean a light pat on the butt. “Your mother will kill me if we show up at the table reeking of zombie goo.”
“Fuck…” Dean’s heart sunk to his stomach — the skin was red and swollen around deep teeth marks carved deep in the flesh. There was no mistaking it. “Fuck, no!”
he thought melancholically to himself. Jody’s anger was justified. It was obvious to everyone that life had taken a turn south somewhere along the way; no need to put salt to the wound through bad graffiti.
There had always been a darkness hovering around Dean, like a dark cloud overcasting everything he was in shadows. It was always there; Dean could feel it, throbbing in the back of his head. In a way, Dean knew from the moment he was born that he had been meant for it, for the calamity to come — for the catastrophe he would become — and all his life had been like the silent, ephemeral moment that proceeds a storm.
The screening took five minutes top. Usually, Dean took his time through each room, relishing in the fact that Gordon or one of the pricks from his group would be at the other end, waiting with a tapping foot.
By the time they got to the truck, Castiel’s wings had vanished to the human eye. Castiel flexed his shoulder blades and unfurled them above his head, taking comfort in the way the vast, black-feathered wings spread into the sky. He could still feel the angelic grace rushing through his veins, tingling underneath his skin, trying to break through the surface, filling him with a renewed rush.
A group of three all but materialized once he made it through the moss-covered admission gate, blocking his way. A single flickering light distorted their faces as they watched Dean. Instinctively his hand snapped to the back of his jeans where his gun was tucked, along with a dagger. He recognized Meg; her dark hair made pale by the full moon that hung heavily in the sky. “Our master is waiting for you,” she snickered. “Come, pretty boy, I’ll show you the way.” He released his grip around the gun and nodded curtly, forcing his legs to move.
So Dean stopped acting like a freaking mother hen and instead kept him company, cuddling with him, letting Cas know how his life had been during this last year in the moments Cas was awake, whispering between smiles about the good news. He told him about little Jack that Cas was eager to meet, the baby Sam and Sarah were expecting, sharing tearful looks while Dean retold his struggle to move on, about his will not to give up hope, waiting, for this. These moments they finally got to have, spooning beneath the covers, cooking for Cas, running errands with Castiel’s presence a constant now, filling their new bedroom with life and a wholeness Dean had missed this last year.
Dean turned, pulling Cas along with him. “This way,” he whispered, heaving a sharp breath when another grunt roared in front of him. What used to be a guy with faded purple hair snarled at them, teeth barely missing Dean’s arm as they started running.
“I appreciate you all coming here with me, but I go alone starting tomorrow. You can take the Impala back. I’ll take the other car.”
the red-eyed creature demanded. Shrill and agonizing, it drove hooks into Dean’s hands and legs with blunt force, impaling him in the air above violent screams and tortured souls. Blood gushed from the torn skin and muscles where the hooks skewered Dean’s flesh, but he knew he wouldn’t die from it, not in this plane of existence. Here only mutilation and suffering were definite. The dark voice with scarlet eyes brought Dean’s attention back to it.
Turns out Castiel hated anchovies with a vengeance, so they ended up opting for a pineapple pizza which Dean swore was a crime against humanity, but if it got Cas to show that toothy smile of his that Dean loved so much, he would dig in without a fucking complaint.
“Just bein’ you is enough for me,” Dean admitted, the vulnerability in Cas’ eyes making Dean forget any hesitation he might have about blurting out his feelings.
A knock on the door jolted Dean out of his head. He dropped the towel and pulled on some boxer briefs. “Just a sec.”
Castiel didn’t reply, averting Dean’s eyes, already missing the way they used to look at him as if they could reach for a part of Castiel he thought had been lost in his fall. Instead, Castiel was now looked upon as a foe, like the monsters that used to invade Dean’s dreams. Castiel turned away, gathering his backpack from the ground.
Dean rolled his neck side to side, enjoying the relief that came with hearing it popping, and tried not to let his frustration get the best of him. He was beat, and he was pissed with Gordon, but most of all, if he was honest with himself, he was fucking furious he had lost control like that and almost nuked two people he cared about. Dean was all too aware of his condition. He had had enough practice in his time when he was still young and stupid, reckless enough to let it happen of his own free will. A single scratch was enough to send him over the edge. He just had to take off his necklace and let it happen. The feeling of freedom that came with letting go was like an addictive shot of adrenaline that he embraced whenever he could, but he had always made sure no one was around to get their asses burnt along with him. However, the visions, the world of darkness that plagued him whenever he let go, grew more vivid each time it happened. Over time, not even his addiction to it was enough to face them. That had been years ago; Dean had almost forgotten what it felt like to be on the other side and just how much it took for his body to recover.
Dean chuckled, burying his hands in his pockets. A comfortable ease pooled in his chest as he watched Cas inspect one after another row of crops, his tousled hair curling and sticking at the nape of his neck, a roll of sweat drawing an invisible line down his skin, disappearing beneath his blue sweater.
Charlie hurried to withdraw from behind the sofa a huge fucking poster full of pictures and charts and newspapers — the whole shebang — while Dean fought the urge to close his eyes and hide his face in embarrassment.
After living together since Sam had returned from college, Dean’s little brother was moving out. It was for a good cause, Dean knew. Now that Sam was engaged, it made freaking sense to go live with Jess. Besides, it wasn’t like he would live in another state; it was right around the corner, for fuck’s sake. So why Dean was acting like such a pissy baby, he wasn’t sure.
Dean knew it was an irrational impulse and uncalled for; ever since the peace treaty twenty years ago, the statistics showed he was more likely to be killed by a fellow human than by a mer. Merpeople and humans lived as equals, and most merfolk were completely harmless.
“There’s stuff he wasn’t… ready to share.” Dean rested his forearms on his knees, studying the blue and black tiles across the floor. “He’s got some serious baggage, I can feel it. But I didn’t wanna press for more.”
Heavy eyelids fluttered open, blue meeting green and melting everything in its wake. Dean’s hand faltered, the finger on the trigger releasing some of its pressure as the man stared up at Dean as if he wasn’t real.
Cas flicked one of his pointy ears with embarrassment, a soft blush coloring his cheeks pink as he rewarded Dean with a tender smile, eyes shifting from Dean to land on his own feet.
Castiel set down his mug, looking intently at Dean, causing him to freeze with his hand midway between his plate and mouth. “Do you want to go out to train? I mean, concerning your… condition. I don’t think you can suppress it completely, but I believe with proper training, you can learn to control it.”
Sam’s breath hitched for a moment as he threw Dean a knowing look. Besides Sam, not many people knew about his —
There, in the cold loneliness of his bathroom, he could let the tears fall. How could Dean have known that after longing for this for so long, it would all end with him having to pick himself up piece by piece? This past year, every waking hour and dream-filled night had been held captive by Cas — by a merman. And Dean had foolishly let it happen.
Dean’s eyes flew open as warm, comforting fingers pulled him away from his visions and back to reality and into the ocean contained in the clearest pair of blue eyes Dean had ever seen. The man blinked slowly down at him. Dean was back in the hotel, hanging somewhere between the eighth and the sixth floors, with nothing but the warm hand wrapped around his to keep him from falling.
“Yeah, Einstein,” Dean retorted, “I figured that much, thanks.” He turned his brother around, shoving him away from him. “Now beat it. All of you!” He shooed them. “Go, go!”
And Dean held on to that sound, eyes locking him in and not allowing him to look away. “Do I want to know more about you? Hell yeah.” The man sucked in on a breath, and Dean prayed the tip of the man’s fingers still holding on to the straps of the bag would let go. “But you don’t have to. You don’t need to say a damn thing about you,” he said, voice barely a whisper. “For now, staying is enough.” Dean extended his hand for the man to take. “Just until you get better,” he added the promise.
The next instant, everything was specks of stars, whole galaxies, and nebulas of baby blue, vivid cerulean, and intense turquoise. Dean flew through them, touching each one, holding entire constellations in the palm of his hand. Everything was blue, and Dean was drowning in it.
As he watched the stars that night, wishing for a future that didn’t belong to him, he couldn’t stop the tears any longer. He fell asleep sobbing and holding on to the memory of blue eyes, wondering if they would ever fade from his memory like most memories of his parents were dim in his mind after all these years.
Cas drew near. “Back in the crops, when I saw you had been attacked… it was… when I couldn’t find you.” He stilled for a moment and then shifted closer again, sitting beside Dean on the sofa. “It was… It was…”
“Y—you want to open the gate to Hell?” he stuttered, stunned, feeling his pulse rise to a rapid staccato.
“Mommy?” Dean reached up, his hand shaking and hovering in the air for a moment before Mary wrapped hers around his trembling fingers.
Cas’ cheeks became a little more pink, the flaming blush reaching his pointy ears. “Dean…” His voice came out deeper than usual, like after a long drag of whiskey to warm the back of the throat. The blue in his eyes melted to black as his pupils slowly dilated. He looked flustered with a mix of nervousness, his breathing becoming subtly shallower and his shoulder fins flaring in abortive motions.
Dean was drinking whiskey in his backyard, watching the water cascade into the pool below in a melodic rhythm when it hit him. Something was missing here, something to make it all perfect for him. The blue of the waterfall, outlined by the vivid colors in the summer sky that never turned winter, suddenly awakened something in him.
“I need to take Riot for a walk.” He slipped between Cas and the wall. “Otherwise he’s gonna piss all over my furniture and then I won’t answer for my actions when fuckin’ carnage happens.”
Dean stood there for a moment, gazing down at Cas, framed against the starlit sky, shoulders quivering beneath the morning’s chill. From where Dean stood, it almost looked like a pair of silhouettes extended from his body against the darkness, as ebony as the pitch of night, moving on top of Cas’ shoulder blades, their movement mirroring Cas’ breathing rising and falling at a lulling pace.
“We’ve been dismissed early.” Claire wrapped a curl of frizzy blonde hair around her finger, playing with it as she followed Dean to the backyard. “So? Wanna buy or not?”
“Rule number twenty-three,” Dean challenged, not stopping to make sure if Gordon had heard him. “If one has no apparent bites but is unable to stand on his own and do his own screening, they should be directed to the emergency ward to be inspected by one of the doctors.”
“I mean all the clients that would hit on him on the spot,” she continued, eyes travelling deliberately up and down Cas’ body.
He leaned his head back, willing his muscles to relax against the leather seat. His eyelids were impossibly heavy. Still, he forced them open; his favorite part of the ride was just ahead — the last of the treetops gradually gave way to the walls of concrete surrounding the Keeper, tall and robust, soaring into the sky. At the top of a hill, the fort was surrounded by forest, except at its south where a cliff led directly to a lake, and on the east side where they had grown a vast crop of corn. This place didn’t exist to the unfamiliar eye, national maps didn’t show it, and most local ones didn’t mention it either.
Dean wanted to know everything about him, and Castiel was happy to oblige, a need to share and know everything happening in their daily lives filling the very core of his being.
That stranger… no, not a stranger… Cas. It all made sense now. How connected he had always felt to Castiel, since their encounter several months ago, something had curled around him deep into his core. A sense of comfort, protection, precisely the kind of soothing feeling the necklace had always provided him. There had always been a pull to Castiel, and it was a relief to know it wasn’t just his imagination. It had been there from the very beginning. Castiel had been there for him since he was a kid in the form of that necklace. Cas had been with him all his life, had been his anchor even before Dean knew it, had been the salvation to his cursed life. That knowledge, that awareness of how much they were connected and meant for each other in more ways than one, only fueled Dean’s resolve to do everything in his power to save Cas.
“Don’cha think we’ve got more than enough for one day’s work?” Ash asked, one foot already inside the passenger’s side. “We’ve earned ourselves a trip back home and a cold one.”
As soon as he was done with his shift, Dean holed himself up at home, going directly for the fridge to grab a beer — the first of many, he pledged. He turned on the TV — a rerun of Dr. Sexy was on at the moment, and Dean took the small blessing for what it was. Reclining on the sofa, he kicked his feet up onto the coffee table and went back to drinking until he passed out.
“Seriously, you can’t say stuff like that,” Dean said after the man was out of sight. “Humans don’t call their significant other as mate. Though I have to give it to you, it got the job done. He scrammed.
A sudden crazy idea crossed his mind. If he cut himself, he would surely burn all these motherfuckers to the ground. But then… his eyes found Cas again; Cas might be killed in the process. Yes, he seemed pretty immune to Dean’s condition so far, but who could tell what would happen to Cas if he faced Dean’s full blast up close. But then again, Cas was as good as dead if Dean did nothing.
“Dean…” he repeated the name, savoring the way it sounded on his lips. Castiel was going to miss so many things. Their shared bedroom, the lingering smell of Dean on his skin, the press of lips, tender and devoted to him, bittersweet nothings murmured to the night in the last two weeks, when they already knew there was no future together. The way Dean looked at him, with love in his eyes as bright as his burning soul. Dean, four simple letters, an ordinary name that was anything but. Castiel belonged to him. Castiel was Dean’s. That name and the man who carried it was the reason Castiel needed to do this.
I wanna take some time to thank Pris for being such a supportive friend and being there for me when I need to rant about the 2 current fics that I’m writing and for helping me specifically with a scene from this chapter.
“Surprise!” Bobby raised his arms at his sides, looking as much in need of alcohol as Dean suddenly felt. “Woopy-fucking-yeah.”
Dean closed his eyes. Something else throbbing in the back of his mind, something important that his fuzzy mind wouldn’t recall. Then it did. The flames — the darkness paired with a world of fire that threatened to kill everyone around him.
“There’s no…” Castiel’s voice broke, but he needed to force the words out. If he was going to do this, for them to say goodbye, Dean had to let go. So he said it, “You have to go on without me, Dean. If not for you, for me. Please tell me you’ll move on. You have a whole life ahead of you. A future. A happy one. Please tell me you’ll be happy.”
Cas’ shoulders clenched, and suddenly it was like something warm and featherlike was folding around him, wrapping him in warmth. Dean sniffed, blaming the hallucination on the feelings trying to split him in half.
“We need a distraction,” Dean said to Jo, not bothering to keep his voice low over the snarls that grew louder the more Claire tried to keep the Croats away with a stick, her sobs only meeting Dean’s eyes and not his ears.
“What we have isn’t forever, Cas. But up there it would be,” Dean insisted, not quite meeting Cas’ eyes.
Dean screwed his face against the mental image. “Ew, gross. TMI, dude!” He gave his brother a light shove. “Now beat it, bitch. Jess is waiting for you.”
She flipped him off and waved him away. After leaving enough money to cover the bouquet with a hefty tip, Dean left.
?” Dean couldn’t imagine doing something similar to Sammy, or anyone important to him for that matter. Dean would rather put himself in harm’s way than risk the lives of the ones he loved.
“What the hell happened?” Dean’s voice was hoarse and strangled with the instinct to flee; fed by the same impulse he had acquired since the days of hearing his father’s tales about merfolk. As he watched, though, he felt it gradually subside with the understanding that this was Cas, and Dean was safe with him.
“Surprise me.” They both laughed before she handed him the exact same portion she had given Jefferson. “With coffee, please.” He gave Charlie a quick glance. “Make it extra strong.”
Castiel let his hand fall to his side. He had changed clothes while Dean was gone, opting for an oversized wool sweater and a ridiculous pair of boxers with three yellow buns on the front and ‘You checking out my bun?’ written on the back. Dean cleared his throat and looked away, waiting for the other to sit down, crossed leg on the bed before placing the tray in front of him. “I didn’t know how you liked your coffee, so I brought milk, and that’s—”
“I could use the fresh air. Besides, everyone says I’m a great chaperone.” He smirked even though everything inside him was shivering with dread. What if Cas rejected his offer? Dean wasn’t ready to say goodbye just yet, he craved more, so much more.
Dean turned, stopping at Cas’ voice, “Dean?” he said, hesitation making his voice hang in the air, dissipating between the water drops. “Will you stay nearby?” Castiel watched him from the other side of the shower, the blue in his eyes richer through the veil of water.
Dean had never forgiven himself for letting his guard down and almost losing his little brother in the process.
“A hoard! We need to leave.” Dean waved for Cas to rush towards him, hand outstretched for the other to take. “Now!”
Castiel couldn’t, though. Leading his garrison to the field one last time, the battle for human survival itself, he pushed forward, fighting both demons and turned humans alike. He advanced even as his kin struggled because now his loyalty belonged to the humans as well, and angels couldn’t leave them at the mercy of their own fate.
Castiel could hear Sam speaking, trying to make him listen, but the whole world was spinning around him, his vision was blurry, there was a bitter taste in the back of his mouth, and he couldn’t,
Dean had gotten them engraved during the year Cas had been dead. Those were words Dean had told Cas often, so it seemed fitting to put them in Cas’ ring. Dean’s band had the words, ‘I’ll always find you, our love unbroken.' Like Cas had done over and over again. Putting those words there had given Dean strength during his disconsolate, grief-stricken days while he hoped Cas would keep his promise and come back to him someday.
The rest of the day was spent gathering supplies, assessing their weapons, and outfitting their vehicles. Dean would be driving the Impala, of course. The Chevy was the only vehicle that hadn’t been converted to use an alternative fuel source, and this trip would undoubtedly put a dent in their gasoline reserve. Still, if Cas was going to die, along with some of them most probably, then they were going to go out in style, and his beloved Baby was the perfect cohort.
The cavern was close to the lake’s shore and reminded Dean of the smell of the ocean, they climbed over the rocky ground, and once at the entrance, Dean asked Cas to close his eyes.
Castiel watched him go for a moment, happy he had put the man in his place, even if his manners would remain as deplorable as before. “Don’t mind him, as a friend of mine would say, he’s a scumbag.”
Sam’s grin faded. “Don’t worry. We’ll get lucky soon. Besides, there’s always gardening.” He gripped Dean’s shoulder, watching him for a moment’s silence.
on his right wrist reminisced to his parents. Then the most recent one — two vertical white and black water lilies along his left forearm with the bowl-shaped flowers framed by flat, broad leaves and the phrase
Dean lowered his eyes. “Mommy said I shouldn't talk about that to anyone but her, daddy, and unc’ Bobby.”
Dean wanted to have it all, fingers tracing stubbled jaw, trailing down flexed neck as Cas’ nose bumped into his and tilted his head to deepen the kiss; his other hand moved down, skating over Cas’ chest and along the hard muscles of his stomach.
“Humor me, okay?” Dean met Cas’ eyes again, gaze lingering for a moment before he spoke again in a softer tone, “Please.” Instead of waiting for Cas’ reply Dean turned to grab the first-aid kit from the bathroom along with a bowl of warm water and a clean washcloth from the kitchen.
“The transformer’s overheated,” Bobby said over the white metal box, hands already inside it to locate the problem. “Ah! Here’s the culprit,” he announced victoriously, removing a bunch of leaves that were stopping the transformer’s fan from working correctly. As he tossed the handful of foliage aside, Dean’s suspicions about being asked to help were confirmed when Bobby said, “Y’know, your parents were always proud of you. Even at such a young age, you and your brother were the best things to ever happen to them.”
From then on, they changed their schedules so that whenever Cas took a shower, Dean would be home, ready to help him get out in the end. This was another part of Dean’s life he was happy to adjust to fit Cas.
Cas tilted his head, the scrunch in his face deepening the more Dean sang. “I… what has popcorn to do with singing?”
“Take it easy, man.” Dean raised his hands, fingers splayed and quivering. He glanced around, searching for an idea to get them out of this mess.
Castiel spread his wings and took off, leaping over the rift. From this new perspective, he noticed the pit was shaped like an inverted pentagram with Dean ensconced in the center.
“Look, I…” Dean dug his hands in his pockets, looking around to make sure they were alone. “I almost went nuke on Charlie and Bela, okay? Almost burned the whole damn place down.”
Dean wrung out the washcloth in warm water and drew near, hesitating for a moment before reaching with his free hand for Cas’ jaw, cupping it with jittery fingers as he coaxed Cas to tilt his head and give Dean a better access to the wound. Cas hissed at the first contact and Dean allowed a small smile to reach his lips. “I’m just cleaning, it can’t hurt that much.”
Dean woke up to an ashy world. He blinked slowly at the hole in the ceiling above him and glanced around, choking on the thick, pungent scent of scorched wood. The staircase was mostly intact, and Dean could hear his baby brother’s cries from up above, faintly mixed with the sound of the floorboards creaking threateningly above him. The flames had consumed most of the furniture. What was left of the fire hissed and flickered in pale yellow shades, hitting him in small ripples of heat.
“And who’s gonna save you, Cas?” Dean’s strangled, wavering voice escaped through his constricted throat. “And who cares about saving humanity if I’m gonna lose you?”
“I had you,” Dean replied too quickly, the words making Castiel look back. Dean blushed and averted his gaze, something tainting his eyes that Castiel couldn’t quite put his finger on.
I never planned for Dean to drop a proposal in this chapter like wow that was so unexpected for me, but it just happened while I was writing this, and I just let it happen since I'm aware these are gonna be some rough chapters our babies will have to face, so at least they'll have this moment.
Castiel’s fingers disappeared, leaving Dean feeling empty and cold. That sensation didn’t last, though, and shortly after, he felt a new pressure against his hole.
Dean pulled back. Even his best attempt to avoid Castiel’s gaze couldn’t disguise the way his eyes seemed poisoned now. And Castiel could only calculate it was fear and maybe even repulsion he saw reflected in his greens.
“It’s just…” She paused, hugging herself. “Ever since what happened to Ben, and then you got shot… I didn’t have the chance to… you know, apologize and also thank you… for what you did for Ben—”
I'm so excited and happy with this chapter. Dean having to face Cas’ trueform is one of my favorite things in fanfic and it was awesome to be able to include it here. Also the ending of this chapter is one of my favorite moments of this fic.
Dean clamped his teeth around the mark he had left, and Castiel bit back a moan before Dean’s mouth devoured the rest of the broken sound.
. He never imagined before this morning that he would end up here today, with his loved one getting taken care of, warm and protected under Dean’s covers, inside the cabin Dean had gotten thinking of Cas. “I’m just happy you’re here.” Dean took his hand and nuzzled a kiss into Cas’ knuckles. “I love you.” It knocked the wind out of Dean how much he had missed saying this, how much he missed Cas smiling at those words, the impact they had in their lives, and how true they were.
“I’m fine with it, Dean,” Cas interrupted with a sincere expression. “It would be lovely to meet you all.”
Cas gave a shaky nod, hope pooling in his blues, and something else too, a kind of trust that would make Dean lasso the moon for him. As a soft “Thank you,” flowed from Cas’ lips, Dean knew his promise to keep Cas safe was as honest as his love for the sea.
“Dean,” he protested through an uneven breath, voice broken and thick. He glanced between their bodies and gasped into Dean’s skin, “No, what about you?”
The nearest aquarium was called ‘The Empty Waters’ which had Dean scrunching his nose. It rose colorfully in front of them as Sam pulled over into the parking lot and killed the engine.
Cas pressed his forehead against his, nose bumping Dean’s as he nodded. He pulled away, and their eyes locked together. A soft line puckered between his brows as he inhaled, and the color in his eyes gradually started glowing in the most beautiful shades of blue. Soon, two massive shadows were stretching against the streaming sunlight.
“Cas…” he muttered under his breath. “Cas…” he repeated, fingers still caressing his over-sensitized cock, for once wishing he was not alone.
Cas was singing, lips pressed to the nape of Dean’s neck, heated breath setting his skin off with tingles. Cas’ tone was low, though not as deep as his usual voice. It was husky and sweet, laced with a tenderness that made Dean’s heart stutter.
Dean tried to coerce them into telling him where they were going, but Jess threatened him under revoking his pie privileges not to insist on it anymore. He stopped then, and definitely didn’t pout, thank you, because
“Trust me.” Dean sat up. “A cold shower is all I need right now.” The covers spilled off the sofa, and he replaced them with the pillow to hide his crotch as he rushed to the bathroom before Cas could notice the massive bulge in his boxers. “See ya later,” he rasped, locking himself in the bathroom, back slammed against the door, breathing heavy and unsteady.
Humming quietly, he coaxed Dean to bend his knees and breached the tight muscle, sliding the first finger inside him.
A succinct “Come in,” came muffled behind the wooden surface and Dean peered inside with a lopsided grin.
“Hmm, we can always put it in the ground and let it surprise us,” she said with a determined nod before roaming around looking for another pot.
Castiel gulped thickly, trying to keep his emotions at bay. There was something more important now; something Dean needed to know.
Cas smiled tenderly up at him as his hands found Dean’s, fingers laced together above Cas’ head as they looked into each other and Dean quickened his pace, feet digging in the mattress as he rocked their erections together, the friction forcing a surge of pleasure so fucking hot through his gut and along his insides, Dean felt like his blood was boiling.
Soon there were too many, even for Dean; he plunged the axe into another Croat’s head, jabbing and slicing a few more as he ran around the truck, dropping to his knees as he came alongside the vehicle.
Dean pulled out his gun, turning it in his hands, watching the cold metallic weapon with a weary, sick feeling in the pit of his stomach, the weight of it reassuring but also nerve-wracking. He clasped his fingers around the barrel; if he squeezed tight enough, he could still feel the warmth dissipating off the muzzle from the last time he had pulled the trigger.
And even if that future would never come to be, at least they would have this night, pretending everything would come true.
Cas had breathed his name like the word was the only sound he needed to survive. And Dean loved that… he loved… loved—
“Daddy?” Dean shuddered, not understanding why his dad wouldn’t reply. “Daddy, please,” he repeated, watching Mary kneel by John’s side. She leaned over him, cheek resting on his back as she sobbed quietly against John’s inert body.
Everything that had led to this moment, with his found family watching him through teary eyes, and the man he loved at his feet, made more sense than all the thousands of years he had lived before meeting them… meeting Dean. Dying for them was a choice of heart, and he had no regrets at the bitter end.
Nowadays, between the respectful roll of clients he had acquired through his photography gigs, his monthly photo exhibits for Sam and the local museum, and his shifts at The Roadhouse, he didn’t have time to work at the Auto Repair Shop. Dean missed it sometimes, getting his hands dirty, fixing up things, revamping a classic car.
“It is…” he replied against the hollow in his chest. Grabbing his jacket on the way out, Dean slammed the door behind him.
A new earthquake shook the entire site, the hollow surrounding them swallowing more ground and encroaching in on them. Soon there would be no more surface to stand on.
“I’m alright,” he answered, pulling away to straighten himself. “I drained most of my grace’s power back then, need some time to recover.” Ever since he had been cut off from heaven, he tried not to use his grace much. Most of his powers were gone, and the ones he did have, he needed to use them wisely not to drain his grace completely.
Dean’s breathing hitched a notch faster, eyes trained on Cas’ mouth. “Cas…” It was his time to let the breeze fade the rest of his voice away, the words welling up in his throat. They were a breath away from each other, and Dean could see each distinct shade of blue in Cas’ eyes tugging him closer.
“Not much of a fan of rabbit food,” he said around another forkful of food. “Though for Karen’s meatloaf I will make an exception and even lick my fingers clean at the end, with popping sounds and everything.” He winked at his brother. “Just like Sammy likes it.”
“Hey, Dean!” Garth leaned over the counter, his arms crossed against his chest. “Gimme a fucking beer, please!”
“If we want to save mankind and stop the undead from rising, I need to do this, Dean.” Storms were breaking behind Cas’ blues before it all faltered and focused on a single pivotal emotion — a realization that no matter what, they were going to lose each other. “All my life, everything I did, what I sacrificed… all my dead kin, it was all for this: to save you.”
The guy nodded grimly, pointedly avoiding their gaze. “I should go,” he announced quietly, reaching for the bag lying next to the bed.
“Good,” Kevin replied around another yawn, the dimly lit room cast new shadows under his eyes as he took a glance at the bed before looking at Dean again. “You’d be insufferable for weeks if they had refused,” he added, wryly amused. He turned and started closing and piling all the books he had been reading.
Dean opened one eye at him. “The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp? C’mon, you can’t possibly have missed that gem.”
“Okay, but what makes you think that guy is in there?” Charlie approached him, the muscles in her face tightening as she looked at Dean like he had lost his mind. And maybe he fucking had.
As they celebrated the first six months in the new town, a part of Dean couldn’t help but get attached to the peace and lazy pace of New Hope. He loved his job, most residents were friendly, and a good portion of the people from the fort had migrated to the nearby houses so, in a way, it felt like before, only safer, and as Sarah’s stomach grew bigger, Dean couldn’t help but feel grateful for what they have.
“Alright, I’m done with my coffee, gonna take Riot for a walk. And you should go back to your Sleeping Beauty.”
But now, one week was both endless and too soon. One week meant he got some more time with Dean. Castiel realized as each new road faded from the last one, the more touch-starved Dean became, and it broke his heart. Because each time Dean touched his elbow tenderly, or placed his hand on the small of Castiel’s back, or snuggled close at night, in the back of the Impala that smelled of leather and their mingled scents — smelled of home; of Dean — Castiel gave back a smile that felt as hollow as his chest. Castiel knew that the nights they spent impossibly close together, sharing tender embraces, would soon come to an end.
The saving scene is totally inspired by The Little Mermaid btw. There's gonna be a few scenes inspired by it in this fic. :)
Cas was watching him again. His smile had fallen and Dean wondered again if Cas could see right through him. “Dean?” he asked, the word as fragile as he seemed and the same purpose that had made Dean kiss Cas in the first place was back again, warming him to the core. “Dean?” Cas repeated and Dean couldn’t take the vulnerable look tainting Cas’ face.
“I should…” Dean cleared his throat, the intensity in the other man’s eyes causing him to look away. Cas’ glass was empty. “Y’want anythin’ else? I could get you another—”
A strained silence stretched between them before Cas took pity on him and accepted Dean’s tangent. “I can manage. Just need to be more careful.”
“You kept it?” Castiel gazed at his trench coat, holding it between his hands with care. Back when he was under heaven’s command, each time he visited earth, he always wore the same thing — a black suit and white dress shirt, completed with a blue tie he never seemed to put on right, and on top, a tan trench coat. Ever since he was exiled, he never had the heart to wear it again.
“I haven’t seen one that worked in more than a year,” Castiel explained. “Most places I scavenged either didn’t have running water or were broken from lack of use.” Dean nodded, enjoying the peace bubbling around the two as a warming glow poured from the window and traced Dean’s legs hanging from the bed. “That’s why I always find it best to do my business in nature; it’s cleaner. And, in the words of an old friend, ‘You must hoard toilet paper.’”
Cas was quietly sitting on the other side of the bed, watching the two of them with concern darkening his eyes, but there was something else there too, something new that changed his blues. “Hey, Cas,” Dean rasped when Sam pulled away.
Every couple of days Dean would pass by the supermarket and buy whatever fresh fish they had available, though Cas favored rainbow trout and sardines. His fridge slowly stopped being filled with beer, to be replenished with water bottles as well. Healthy food was plentiful now, alongside Dean’s favorite junk food which he refused to get rid of.
Castiel smiled tenderly and curled against him, eyes fixed on him instead of the night’s sky. “I would trade a thousand
Dean’s bedroom door flew open, and they were presented with a very awake and very much pissed off Cas.
Dean rolled his eyes and stormed past them to grab a beer from the fridge. He popped it open and leaned on the doorway, facing the living room and the friggin’ morons currently occupying it. “Do I have a choice?”
Cas nodded once, and Dean pulled him down, a resounding, “I trust you,” escaping his lips before closing the space between them. The kiss was fervent but patient, with Dean allowing Cas to take control, to lick and taste on the inside, curling his tongue against Deans, inciting moans out of the two. Cas tilted his head just right, and Dean carded his fingers in Cas’ hair before cupping the back of his neck until they found the perfect angle to deepen the kiss.
Dean wanted to know what happened, the questions pilling up on the tip of his tongue. Who was Gabriel? Where was he now? And what terrible past seemed to eat at Castiel’s mind each time he let Dean find something new about himself?
“He… I don’t know. He touched me, and it was over. I… I found control again, and the flames stopped.”
His head had fallen to the side, in a mirror of the cute little head tilts Cas used to do when he was confused. His mouth was half-parted, soft puffs of air leaving his plump, chapped lips as he snored softly. His dark hair curled around his pointy ears and even those seemed cute to Dean nowadays. Cas had a hand across his stomach and the other falling over the sofa. He looked peaceful, Dean decided; younger, with all his worries ebbed away from his expression lines. Maybe he was dreaming about home, about being under the sea, floating in a world of blue and faded light.
Sam eased the boat to a stop and followed him into the deck. The breaking waves lapping at the vessel, along with the high-pitched screeching of seagulls welcomed them outside. Dean inhaled and smiled as a salty scent floated into the back of the boat and swirled around him, tingeing the air.
“Listen,” Dean pulled him aside, his hand curling around Cas’ wrist to lead him to the corner of the storage house, “I already have enough on my plate with the kids running around who knows where. I can’t have you there—”
“I know a lot of things about you,” the stranger got closer, his tan trench coat floating aimlessly behind him as he kneeled, the blue in his eyes catching the sunlight in a way that would stay engraved in Dean’s mind for years. “For example, I know what happens when you get hurt,” he continued, voice calm and reassuring despite the revelation.
“I…” Dean pulled at his shirt’s collar to show a cut along his shoulder. “Also got hurt here,” he braved, the way Cas’ lips had pressed against his hand, giving him the courage he needed.
The blow sent everything into slow motion. They stared at each other, wide eyes against furious ones, silence clogging the heavy air surrounding them. All the other fights stilled; the sky was mournful and quiet.
Cas tightened his grip around Dean’s hand and pulled him closer, eyes pressing close together, eyelids unmoving for a moment before Cas opened them again, and Dean noticed something had changed. His eyes were blazing with a glow that made his blues alight. His spine reared up straighter, and for a moment, Dean almost swore Cas was taller than him with his fearless gaze set on the surrounding Croats, already raising a hand to them.
Ultimately that had been his downfall. For unique ideas led to similar actions, and in his endless passion for humans, Castiel couldn’t stand by and watch their world fall in Hell’s hands. The Croatoan Virus, it had been said it was more than a mere virus. In their incessant search for power, demons began this plague, the very annihilation of the human race.
“You passed out on me,” he replied as the man faltered, looking alarmingly close to falling down. Dean instinctively reached out and gripped his upper arms. “Just when I was trying to thank you for saving my life,” he said, a little out of breath for some reason, all too aware their faces were suddenly too close. “You really need to stop doing that,” he smiled sheepishly.
“I’m sorry, Dean.” Cas’ breath ghosted warmly over his skin, and Dean’s shiver had nothing to do with the crisp night air.
The worst possible outcome had happened — his true identity had been revealed to Dean no less. Truthfully Castiel didn’t regret it; it had been to spare Dean’s life after all. But the tragedy of it all was Dean having to find out like this.
Once he finished, he went to shore again, drying himself hastily until the transformation to land-form happened and he was on two feet again and getting dressed.
With a surge of bravery and helpless to deny his desire any longer, Dean let his hand slowly skate along Cas’ tail, relishing in the way the silky scales shuddered against his touch, like cool, calm ocean water underneath his fingertips.
Castiel obliged, waiting for the man to get on his feet and compose himself before turning to Benny. “I’m glad it’s all cleared up now.”
“This aquarium isn’t the largest in the country. But still there’s four floors of wonders like this one to check,” Sam chattered, completely unaware of the state Castiel was in.
And it wasn’t so much the way the man’s hands pieced together around his that took Dean’s breath away, but the smile meeting him on the other side, full and bare, reaching his high cheekbones and touching the corner of his eyes with a span of webs. “Alright,” the man said simply, and Dean pulled him by the hand, heart pounding so hard against his ribcage, he was afraid it might explode.
He could hear his friends fighting Lucifer’s underlings in the background, and Castiel tried to silence his concerns for them in favor of focusing on Dean. Dean had his eyes cast to the sky, mouth lax and half-open, a crust of frost shimmering along his skin with a halo of artic blue flare surrounding him. The flames had now expanded to occupy the considerable breadth of the crater.
Actually I’m already writing my next fic. It’s gonna be a reunion!au, one of my fave types of fics! Our babies get reunited after 12 years apart! Yikes! Sounds painful, right? But there’s lots of fluff too… eventually ;)
Dean scoffed, aiming for nonchalance, but was betrayed by the dopey smile that stretched from ear to ear. “Man, you’re such a sap.”
“Hey, Dean?” Lisa caught up with them as Dean and Cas reached the main hallway. “Can we talk?” she asked, tapping her fingers against her leg, eyes moving between the two.
“What are you doing?” Castiel sent him a perplexed raise of eyebrows as Dean brought the camera to his eye, waiting for the lens to focus before taking a shot.
“I don’t care,” Dean answered quickly, chasing Cas’ mouth, hand clasping around the back of his neck to bring them closer again.
Dean gulped thickly a couple of times before forcing his eyes up to Castiel’s face. The merman scrunched his face, a small crease between his eyebrows; his shoulder fins quivering lightly as he looked up at Dean in a mix of pain and anxiety.
“Great,” Dean breathed. Half-relieved, half-bewildered, he scrubbed a hand across his face. “Fucking great.”
“I’m serious,” Sam continued. “On Gordon too, once he gets back. It’s been… a rough couple of weeks.”
Lines of tension crept up Cas’ body as realization slowly sunk in on Dean. That’s why Cas had come to see him in the first place. Not because he wanted to see Dean and get to know him like Dean had longed for. He had just… used Dean.
Garth took a look at the screen Dean was holding up for him and reached for the shell, turning it over between his hands to inspect it, a small line digging between his brows as he considered it. “Sure, no problem. When d’ya want it ready?”
“How?” Cas asked, avoiding Dean’s gaze, rearranging the blanket around his shoulder and plucking at a loose strand.
Cas kept humping against his ass, cock breeching Dean’s ass-cheeks, teasing his hole with the head, pressing a little to make Dean moan, before sliding it up and down to rub it against Dean’s flesh.
“So I’ve noticed.” Dean smirked. “I mean each time I have to drag your soaked ass to the couch it’s pretty obvious—”
“That’s because the blade that cut me was adamantium steel. Merfolk are particularly vulnerable to that type of weapon.”
from the Greek term for ‘without water’. That is because it can’t be created on water, you see?” He wiped in mindful movements as he talked, faster on the way down, in the direction of the scales’ growth, more cautious on the way up so he wouldn’t pluck a scale by accident. “These gemstones come from parched areas where Gypsum crystals once sat in the company of water. As the years ticked on, the water dried up, and so the Angelite was born.”
“That’s one thing I’ve always liked about this town,” Castiel murmured so low Dean wasn’t sure he was meant to hear it. “You can still see the stars from down here.”
“I’m going too.” Charlie raised her hand. “If you want easy access to the place, you’re gonna need someone that doesn’t actually get lost at the first turn.” She blew her chewing-gum until it popped and raised both her hands in defense. “Hey, just saying,” she added when Dean gave her the stink-eye.
“C’mon, Dean, we both know you didn’t really try. Not really. You went through with that relationship because you thought that’s what was expected of you, y’know, to settle down, start a family.”
He continued to languidly jerk Cas off, just enough to keep him hard, his tongue working around the tip while fingering himself. Teeth lightly teased before he sealed his lips around Cas’ cock again, using deliberate slow movements then releasing it with a pop only to repeat the process; hand following the trail of his lips with light strokes from the base up to the sensitive head.
“I’m in love with you,” came the whisper, at last, each word melting under the rays of sunlight playing against their bodies. “I love you, Dean Winchester.”
Even if the way Cas had seemed dejected by Dean’s words cut like a knife right now, Dean was doing what was best for Cas. If that meant ignoring the little voice in the back of his mind telling him that maybe Cas had already jumped over the edge with him, so be it.
Dean immediately wanted all those emotions gone, replaced with the belief that, for some reason, with Cas, Dean didn’t want to run. Any other merfolk would make him turn around and never look back… but Cas… Cas could be his exception.
His Father’s orders at the birth of humankind were never to let them know about the angels’ existence nor the other supernatural that go bump in the night. Even on the brink of human extinction, that was still both his Father’s and his siblings’ will. Castiel had already failed them once; he wouldn’t do it again.
Gordon turned to him with a tight-lipped smile, wrinkles framing his eyes as he squinted at Castiel.
Dean got him a clean change of clothes — some comfortable sleep pants and an old AC/DC shirt — and while Castiel took a shower, Dean prepared him a grilled cheese sandwich and hot chocolate.
Mary lay on top of him, face down. Her clothes were scorched and darkened to match her parched and rigid body. “Mommy?” he repeated. All his willpower left his body, his muscles unable to decide between tensing like stone or going limpid on the floor with no intention of ever moving again. His mom was… she was… His heartbeat pulsed ferociously against his eardrums. His vision blurred and the air stilled around him as if the world had stopped altogether, with only the grating, white noise left as the memory of what it once was.
“I was joking,” Cas added, perceiving Dean’s bashfulness. “Though it seems my sense of humor is terribly inappropriate as of late. I apologize for that. I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
“No worries.” Dean ran a hand through his hair, admiring a suddenly fascinating spot on the ceiling. “So…” Dean whispered, trying to change the subject. “Did you like the movie?”
“And are we just goin’ to ignore that Dean has been havin’ visions about a creature with red eyes ever since he was a boy?” Bobby remarked.
The hot shower was a relief, the warm droplets falling with a staccato pace against the blue tiles and caressing the knots of tension along his back with a soothing sheet of water.
A few hard, resolute strokes and Dean managed to ascend beside the vessel, just about five feet from the surface to do a safety stop for three minutes. As much as he would like to emerge right away and jump into the safety of the boat, he needed to wait or the rapid reduction of the pressure would cause decompression sickness, which could be fatal.
Cas pulled back enough for their gaze to lock together again and send a blissful shiver down Dean’s spine. “You’re cute when you’re nervous.” His expression became sheepish as he echoed the exact same words from when Dean had seen Cas naked back in the shared bathroom, only this time the intentional meaning behind them didn’t make Cas tense in surprise as he did then.
All his friends were inside — Charlie, Bobby, Ellen, Ash, just to name a few and Dean lingered there, distributing smiles and beers all around. Most rounds were on him. And he never wanted this to end. That is until a pair of hazel doe-eyes made him remember why he had started driving in the first place.
he realized sourly. The idea of facing them crawled beneath his skin and made a home in the pit of his stomach. His breathing quickened and his chest tightened; his hands clenched into fists, nails digging against his gloves, and he felt suddenly feverish despite the cool water surrounding him.
Dean almost didn’t sleep despite his deception whenever Cas was present; his nightmares filled not only with Jo and Alex’s bodies but also with dreams of the dark figure that only got worse as his guilt continued to pile up. Give it back, it always said both in nightmare and vision form.
Bobby cleared his throat, and Dean’s eyes were pulled back up to watch the older man’s fingers tensely drumming against the wheel as he shifted his gaze between Dean and the road ahead.
man, judging by the tip of his ears. The tensing line of Dean’s spine made the guy tighten his grip when he saw Dean. A knife was in his hand, blade against Cas’ neck, dangerously close to drawing blood.
Cas hummed. The last bit of morning sunlight reflected off of the water and made the blue in his eyes stand out, for a moment sending out a glow too bright to seem real, and Dean wondered not for the first time, if there was something more to Cas, something that defied the laws of men.
But if humans were similar to Castiel, they were too different as well. Miles of worlds apart, and for a couple of months, the illusion of greens had numbed Castiel’s senses. For a moment, he had forgotten what could never be. Dean wasn’t his to take, and Castiel… Castiel was never an angel chained to a singularity anyway. He needed to be free to survive.
Dean licked his upper lip and pressed against Cas’ mouth, hushing the man’s moans and tasting the inside. Cas’ mouth was warm and wet against his lips, and Dean felt like drowning, consumed by the way he was moaning loudly and rutting against Dean while grabbing his ass, forcing their cloth-covered cocks together. Only four layers of fabric separated them, but way too many as far as Dean was concerned, and he needed them gone
A heavy, cold hand gripped his shoulder and made him jump back. Lucifer was smiling victoriously at him, but Dean was done with all of it. He was done being controlled by this curse and the being that had haunted his nightmares and visions since he was a child.
Cas’ eyes fluttered open drowsily. “I’m wonderful.” He smiled and pecked Dean on the lips. “And you?”
“It probably means nothing…” Dean continued. The realization that he had pretty much betrayed Sam and everything he had been fighting for all these years hitting him like a sucker punch.
Dean leaned down to kiss Cas’ eyelids, leaving feather-like kisses along his cheeks, and down his jaw, pecking Cas’ forehead before pressing their lips together. Castiel replied by running his hands up and down Dean’s spine, smiling lazily into the kiss.
They spent every possible moment together, spending winters in bed while the rain beat the windows quietly, with Cas counting Dean’s freckles, citing the constellations he could find on Dean’s skin. With springs sitting under one of the white oaks that surrounded the cabin and falling asleep under the sun when summer came, Dean’s head on Cas’ chest, hearing his untamed human heartbeat. Going fishing under the clear autumn sky, toes sunk in the fresh river’s water as they held hands.
Dean was fuming by the time Castiel went silent. He had jolted from his chair, almost knocking it over in the process before striding back and forth on the porch.
The halls were almost empty this early in the morning as they entered the building and crossed the main floor. They were heading to the stairs to spend time in their bedroom until breakfast was ready to be served in the dining hall.
“Right!” He closed his eyes, trying to focus on the words he wanted to say. “We were attacked. Croats. Back in the clearing,” he gasped, pointing to where he had come from. “With the old truck. The red one,” he added between sucking in lungfuls of air. “The red truck by—”
look was enough to keep Sam from mentioning anything about the bridal-style nonsense he was too happy to remind Dean about.
Jody sat with him on the stairs, pulling her jacket to the side to retrieve a rusty gum tin and a plastic bag from the inside pocket. She pulled open the tin, removing a squared paper; holding it carefully between her fingers, she pulled the plastic bag open with her free hand and spread the tobacco evenly along the crease. Jody brushed off the extra leaves, tongue sticking out as she finished the job with a satisfied hum. She reached for her pocket again, retrieving a lighter with a pin stuck at the bottom.
Everything else moved in slow motion — his movements were fluid, each stroke of his legs paddled slowly, a sea turtle nearby floated at a sluggish pace, his heart lulled its beat until Dean felt nothing but a deep sense of calm.
“Alright, then,” Castiel conceded finally before turning to Charlie with an honest smile. “I accept your offer, thank you.”
Dean bumped his brows together and tapped the mattress a couple of times with his hands. “I’m kinda seeing double right now, but even I know this isn’t the couch.”
The man hissed when Dean slipped his hands beneath his shirt, coaxing him to take it off. Castiel complied, pulling away to strip to his boxers and helping Dean do the same.
Dean was allergic to face-to-face sex, the intimacy of it all scared the crap out of him. In an apocalyptic world, he couldn’t afford that. But still, it didn’t come as a surprise when he found himself lying on his back, arms open and welcoming for Cas to settle between his legs.
He didn’t wait for his brother’s reply before hanging up. He stood, planning to do exactly what he had said to his brother. He would forget Cas, no matter how hard that might be. He picked his poison and drank himself to oblivion again.
With a sigh of appreciation, Castiel curled up in Dean’s bed and all but devoured the sandwich, sipping the hot chocolate in between bites, making happy little moans all the way through.
A feeling of urgency put a brake on all the emotions that had flooded the back of Castiel’s mind just a moment before.
Cas propped himself on his elbow and cradled Dean’s face in his hand. “It is, Dean. What we have will never be broken; we have each other, forever. And I love you for giving me that.” He took off his wedding ring, reading the words inscribed inside the band. “I’ll always catch you, our love unbroken.”
A couple more ordinary roads, and they finally found something worth the trip. “A Costco!” Charlie chanted. They left the truck in the back alley to avoid attracting a group of Croats near the Costco with the truck’s noise and crossed two blocks without much hassle.
“Yeah, then help yourself.” Dean snorted at his own joke and went to the kitchen to grab himself a bottle of beer before joining his brother on the sofa. “So what’s up?”
“Well, both Lucifer and Michael can shove it because I’m here now!” He stopped pacing and turned to Castiel. “They will have to go through me to get to you. And I will rip them to pieces if they even try to lift a finger at you.”
He was so busy holding on to the phantom touch already fading from his skin that he didn’t notice Cas on the other side of the door, waiting for him to enter as well.
“What?” Dean cracked his eyes open. That should make him happy. If Cas wanted a bedroom of his own, maybe it meant he had plans for a more permanent stay in the Keeper. But from what Dean already knew about him, it most probably meant he was avoiding something.
“You need to come one of these days for dinner. A good homemade meal would do you some good,” she shouted from behind him.
“Prolonging my stay won’t bring anyone anything positive. It will only make things harder when I leave.”
Dean swallowed a snark reply and complied, shoving his hands through the opening and soon feeling the cold handcuffs locking with a click around his wrists.
.’ Dean absent-mindedly poked half-moon dents into the palms of his hands until he felt Cas’ hand covering his.
Dean hummed, blowing off the puff of steam coming out of the mug and making a mental note to thank his little brother later.
They didn’t have many pictures at first; just a few they had taken with an old Polaroid a few years back. As months passed, though, and the local store started developing pictures and selling both cameras and film, they started taking more and more pictures, and soon the cabin was filled with picture frames of both family and friends.
Dean held up a hand. “I’m different too. Maybe you should put me under the fucking knife as well. Maybe open up both our brains, see what’s wrong inside.”
Castiel’s breath faltered under Dean’s fingertips before he rolled over in the same spot so that he was facing Dean. “I didn’t know it was that important to you.”
He finally reached Cas, hand coming to rest on his shoulder and forcing Cas to turn to him instead. Through the darkness it was hard to discern much, but the dim light sharpening the shadows on Cas’ face was enough to see his bottom lip trembling, his eyes shut tight, tears freely escaping from them and leaving wet paths across his cheeks. He was shaking uncontrollably, sobbing, Dean realized as he leaned closer. “I can’t, I can’t…” Cas repeated, over and over again.
“Just let— let go,” Gordon squirmed, tiny tears brimming at the corners of his eyes as he wriggled himself, trying to make Castiel let go of his two fingers.
He had kept the decor simple over the years — a queen-size bed centered on the wall by the window, with a bedside table next to it, and a dresser by the door on the opposite wall; a desk stood on the left by the entrance to the bathroom, all in a gray oak grain. There was also a floor mirror on the right to match the set.
“Stevia,” Castiel concluded, watching the bowl of white powder as if it had personally offended him. He carefully smelled it before inspecting the rest of the tray.
The dining hall was quiet for the hour, and Dean tried to forget the fact that the last time he had been this early taking breakfast, Jo had been the one welcoming him into the kitchen, with a bright smile and a silly apron saying “Kiss the cook!” as she prepared everyone’s meals.
He followed Dean’s lips swiftly. There was hunger in each breath they took, thriving the more they tasted each other. Castiel closed his eyes and let himself go, lulled by the way Dean tasted like clouds, like a soft spring rain, like the sun rising on a winter’s morning.
Dean gritted his teeth, tucking the gun back into the rim of his pants to pull out the radio from his belt. “Still here.”
“There!” Dean pointed down the road through the windshield — a lone olive tree soared vibrantly at the center of the back alley of a hotel. The narrow street led to a large, round exit door; on the right, a fire escape ladder remained unscathed against the brick wall. Most of the windows were in one piece, hidden by the vines that thrived around the buildings. If not for the blood on the pavement, Dean would have thought the end of the world had forgotten to knock on its door. They rounded the hotel, checking for other entry points — all remained closed — before returning to the back alley.
Hey, guys! Thank you so much for the amazing feedback so far, it truly means a lot that you’re enjoying this fic. I was actually nervous about the underwater scenes but all the feedback has been very positive which makes me so happy, thank you!
Dean sat there for several minutes after the two left, his chest filling with so much emotion it was hard to keep it contained. Amid the ever-present darkness and horror that surrounded him, it was a miracle to feel that much affection, a resurrection of emotions he hadn’t felt in years.
“I won’t.” Cas kissed him again, lips tracing an imaginary line along Dean’s neck, leaving behind a trail of butterfly kisses and goosebumped skin. “I won’t,” he repeated, again and again, and again until Dean didn’t feel like breaking, his shivers decreasing to a constant cadence as his chest didn’t feel so hollow. “I won’t leave,” Cas whispered into the brisk night.
“Well, Clarence,” Meg snickered from the other side of the clearing. “Maybe we’ll meet some other day, maybe on better footing.” She turned and left, followed by the remainder of Lucifer’s minions still alive.
Dean got him what was left of Ellen’s fish curry with green beans that would make Sam proud and was already feeling sorry for the guy when he put down the plate in front of him. “Sorry, that’s all there was left—”
Dean’s bedroom wasn’t much, but it had been everything he needed when they first got to the Keeper, after a lifetime of mostly sleeping on the backseat of the Impala. Nestled between Sam’s and Bobby’s bedrooms on the south side of the dormitory on the first floor, it had a direct view of the lake.
Meg cleared her throat obnoxiously loud. “Anyway, as you see, we know who we’re looking for is here,” she sneered. She strode forward, pausing in front of Keeper’s main gate, and placed what appeared to be some kind of document on the ground. “Follow these directions, and he’ll be there.”
Dean snorted. “Are you nuts?” He started walking again. “Even if I owned three candles, which I’m not saying I do.” He pointed a finger at her in a silent warning. “I wouldn’t pay all that for a raffle.”
“Ah, yeah.” Dean shut his eyes tight. With everything happening with Cas, Dean had totally forgotten he was supposed to dog-sit this weekend. “No worries, man, he’ll be in good hands. Besides, I think he just found a new best friend.” Dean chortled, glancing at Cas. “We’ll be fine,” he added, putting as much comfort in his words as he could.
Cas eventually started moving, staring back into his eyes as he gently pushed into him. Dean couldn’t look away. Suddenly the idea of being face to face with Cas seemed like the best goddamn thing in the world — Cas’ half-lidded eyes and parted mouth; his dark hair a beautiful mess that stuck to his damp forehead, with his soft, little, shallow breaths filling the otherwise silent cavern.
Cas didn’t reply; he just watched the stars until they were gone, a soft smile touching his lips when the first rays of sunlight webbed behind the horizon, sending streaks of orange, purple, and red across the sky.
He paused in front of the next storage house where they kept the food, and checked to see that there was no one else inside, and closed that door as well.
No one said a word, but Dean knew. He knew in the way the world felt different… felt wrong. Castiel was dead. Cas was gone, and nothing felt the same.
“Right here,” he reassured with a line of kisses along Cas’ neck, closing his eyes and immersing himself in it all — Cas’ musky smell, his gruff, deep voice mingling with Dean’s own and filling the room with choked-out, broken mewls, the friction between their bodies as they sped up their thrusts and held on to each other, chasing their releases.
Castiel curled his arms around Dean’s shoulders, hiding a blush into the crook of Dean’s neck before whispering, “So are you.”
“And I was explaining,” Jefferson interrupted, turning to Dean. “That since my wife is pregnant, she should get more food.”
Castiel had always had surges of disobedience in him. Even back to the most remote times of his existence, Castiel remembered having thoughts of his own. Angels weren’t supposed to challenge God; angels were perfect soldiers made under their Father’s ideal of a being. Unlike humans, angels were made to obey, to follow each of their Creator’s commands without hesitation.
“I bet Castiel misses his home, being here will be like being back there. I’m sure it will be great.”
The blood-curdling scream caught him by surprise. It pierced through the grunts surrounding Dean and the truck while muffling Claire’s cries that only increased in pitch as the sounds of a struggle could be heard above him.
He looked up and took several deep breaths. The tide was fierce above Dean’s head, its waves stirring the ocean’s surface into white foam that rose upward to meet the sky. The morning had turned darker, its blanket of pitch-black clouds spilling their heavy droplets of rain from the sky.
“Look,” Dean pecked him on the lips. “Can we continue this…” He gripped Castiel by the waist before pressing their lips together one more time. “Conversation when I get back?” he asked a little breathlessly.
“Don’t tell me the badass Castiel is afraid of a little needle,” Sam continued, folding his arms over his chest, toothbrush held tight.
Sarah was inside, shovel in one hand, watering can in the other, her long, black hair caught in a bun at the top of her head. She seemed tired but confidently happy.
When he joined Cas in the bedroom, there was a pleasantly sweet smell hanging in the air, Cas’ hair was even more ruffled by his attempts at drying it with the towel; bits of curls twirled behind his ear and the nape of his neck, and he looked comfy and cozy in Dean’s clothes. Dean couldn’t help but smile and point with his head to the bed. “Get in, huggy bear; breakfast’s ready.”
Dean snorted and mentally rolled his eyes at himself. He could almost hear Sammy in his head telling him to stop being a Debbie Downer. Thinking about his brother soured his mood tenfold. Either way, there was no changing it now; Dean’s plan was formed while they were still at the fort as soon as Cas had volunteered to put himself in harm’s way. From that moment on, Dean had decided that when the time came to face Lucifer, he would be the one to do it, not Cas. He would go nuclear and kill Lucifer himself.
“I—” Castiel glanced at him apologetically. “I don’t understand that reference, but… I had a lot for breakfast,” he said, like that explained the craziness of what had just happened.
Dean swallowed around the lump of emotions lodged in the back of his throat. “That’s… something we should both forget.”
Dean shook his head. “And you want me just to sit back and let you die? You want me to go on with my life just like that? How am I supposed to do that without you?”
and Dean still needed his show-stopping photo. He swam around some more, distancing himself from the boat to explore a bit deeper until a wide shadow overhead caught his attention. Dean struck still for a moment, admiring the view above him. The white shark was magnificent, swimming leisurely a few feet away from Dean, as if he knew he owned the seas. Dean brought the camera to eye level, taking a few photos before swimming closer.
“Every time, man,” the tallest of the three cheered. “They always fall for the pregnant chick trick.”
He ignored the disgusted glare from Sam’s face and Sarah’s amused expression and couldn’t help but close his eyes as he finished swallowing.
“You win. Happy?“ He glanced over his shoulder, an honest smile, the first in a week, playing at his lips. “And you better be gone when I get back.” He rushed to the door, opening it to leave the house. “Because I’m bringing my new roommate home.”
“That’s bullshit, man. It’s not fair that you have to sacrifice your life just ‘cause Lucifer needs a leash to stop him from mass murdering everyone. How is that on you?”
A cluster of parrotfish grazed the soft tissues of corals while shrimp of various sorts drifted and moved around; some nearby dolphins announced their presence with long squeaks and loud clicks. Even the lone whale in the far distance, communicating with its kin, suffused the tide with its longing-filled song.
“If you can die for me, why can’t you live for me instead? Let’s share our lives, you and I, Cas. Spend your life with me.”
Dean woke up to the sound of children laughing as they ran down the hall. It was a good sound, he decided with a smile. A joyful sound that pulled him from his three-day sleep seclusion and brought him back to his early years where the streets were safe, and he was naive and brave enough to let go of his mother’s hand and run along through the fresh-cut grass to join the other kids on the playground. The first waves of the plague had already started in Europe, but behind their borders, Americans felt safe and out of harm’s way.
“Like right now?” he provided, serene blues shifting up to meet Dean and take every ounce of breath away from him.
“Your brother kicked him out the next day. Castiel wanted to kill him, and I don’t mean figuratively, but the council opposed.” Bobby took off his cap and scratched the top of his head for an exasperated moment. “I’d have gone with Castiel’s option if you ask me.”
By the end of the week, not even the excuses kept him from staying wide awake at night, staring at the ceiling or the empty mattress at his side. They did little to keep his eyes from peering around every corner to avoid the pair of green eyes framed by soft, light-brown hair and little freckles that Castiel had learned to take as his favorite view.
“Why would you do something so reckless?” He exhaled a trembling breath. “I’m not worth dying for, you fool! Why would you… why would you do something like that?”
Lucifer was smiling widely at him, completely unharmed, the hand on Dean’s shoulder burning hotter than the unleashed flames.
Dean served the woman her Cosmopolitan, not paying attention to her pickup lines and her empty attempt to get his number because his focus was back to Cas’ conversation. The man was asking him if he wanted to go somewhere more private and Dean scoffed, the woman forgotten as he moved to grab a beer for another client.
Once back in the kitchen and the pot was full, he pulled out his favorite mug and filled it with the dark brown liquid life source along with cream and sugar. That was another thing that had changed in his life, he used to take it black, but life in the comforts of this town had made him a fan of cream and sugar. Maybe he was getting too soft.
Dean drove around aimlessly for a while longer, not wanting to return just yet. He bought take out at a nearby drive-through and stopped with his late lunch of hamburger and French fries at the Lilyville local park, choosing a spot with a view over the whole town. He sat on top of Baby’s hood and quietly dug in, watching the lazy, golden afternoon sun turn coral-red.
“Hello?” Dean cried out, his voice frail in the wide-open space; bare, save for a single tree at its heart. “Hello?!” he persisted as he held up the old brass candle holder. The last of the wax barely kept the flame alive, the dim light almost not enough to stop the wall of darkness from devouring everything, including the small ring of light the candle provided and Dean with it.
Dean kissed him again, eager and fervently, their shadows long on the pavement, wrapped around each other against the sun low on the sky as Dean patiently soothed Cas’ sorrows with tender kisses.
He drew a deep, staggering breath against Dean’s shoulder, feeling Dean press his lips to his neck before whispering, “Feelin’ better?” voice a husky whisper.
“I’m not leaving you, Dean,” he promised despite Dean’s attempt to shrug it off with a joke. And damn if that didn’t tug at Dean’s heart strings and made him all fluttery inside.
Cuddling up together felt even better as they relaxed in the afterglow of their orgasms. Dean found a towel he had left on the floor earlier and cleaned them up before tossing it to the side and pulling Cas into his arms again, sighing deeply in contentment into his hair.
Dean opened his mouth, but Charlie beat him to the punch. “To be honest, if the guy did all that, I kinda owe him one.” She blew a lock of hair away from her face. “Besides, not gonna lie, now I’m curious, aren’t you?”
Dean kissed him again, desperate for any bit of reassurance Cas could give him, every touch, every soft sigh making him whole again. Not daring to break the kiss because the tears were still falling, Dean reached down and wrapped his fingers around their cocks, stroking hardness into them.
“Bad guys came! They shot daddy, and I… I didn’t…” He reached for his neck and the absent necklace. Dean’s throat tightened, feeling his eyes fill with tears as he stared at his mom’s body.
Dean couldn’t do much more than stare, proud to be the one to make Cas squeeze his eyes shut, legs flexing as his hips jerked in blunt, sharp motions while Dean pumped the thick, milky-white cum out of Castiel’s cock. Cas released a sigh and slumped down with a thud when he was done. Dean continued to steadily fist Cas’ already going soft cock until he was spent and pliant beneath Dean.
The loud, poignant shrill made them jump back in surprise. A Croat surfaced from behind the trees, directly across from their boat. She extended a hand to them, mouth open, half of her teeth missing as she growled, trying to make her way to them until she disappeared submerged in the water.
Then it happened, like returning to the safety of home or lying lazily beneath the summer’s sunlight to keep you cozy and warm. It was all pure and right. The clearest shade of blue pulled him from the other side in a way that would stay in Dean’s mind for the longest time as the stranger smiled tenderly down at him.
Dean was frozen in place, only one thought running through his head — this was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen.
“I hate it,” he said firmly, voice edged with bitterness before making a disgusted little sound in the back of his throat.
is actually a Portuguese word I love and it has no direct English equivalent. It means melancholic longing or yearning; a constant feeling of absence, the sadness of something that's missing, wistful longing for completeness or wholeness and the yearning for the return of what is now gone.
Whenever Castiel left the house, he put on his morphing necklace, but when they were home his pointy ears were always on display and, gradually, Dean found himself thinking it truly suited Cas.
The face of his little brother showed up on the screen and Dean contemplated ignoring him again, but the daze dulling his mind from the last bottle he had emptied saw him swiping the screen to answer the call.
“Castiel?” Lucifer waved a hand dismissively. “I don't need him.” His smile turned to a wide-eyed expression. “Oh, you thought? Dean… you're the one I'm interested in. I want
Dean grunted in reply, slowly making his way to the truck, careful not to step on any broken glass, sharp metal, or any other hazards paving the ground.
“You think I don’t want that?” He looked up, finally gathering enough courage. The sight that met him felt like a strike. Tears were tracking Dean’s cheeks as he watched Castiel, a plea etched into his features, red-rimmed eyes, and teeth biting his bottom lip to keep the sobs from escaping. Castiel almost conceded. Almost crossed the space keeping them apart, and gathered Dean in his arms. But he couldn’t. He had to make Dean understand. “You think I don’t want to be with you? I’ve been filled with sorrow and hopelessness for so long. But ever since I found you, I found so much more than myself. I found what makes me whole. You mended the broken pieces. Because of you, I found purpose, joy, freedom. Finding you… loving you… it made everything else matter. That’s why I need to do this.”
Cas frowned before shaking his head firmly. “No. Splitting up doesn’t seem like the best course of action, Dean, I—”
“I’m happy,” came the mellow reply as Cas left a trail of tiny kisses along Dean’s jaw and down his neck.
, from coming out. Sam had snorted in reply but smiled all the same, and Bobby had rewarded him with a pat on the shoulder and a, “Well I’ll be damned, we’re here.”
Dean turned to face the direction from where they had entered the clearing and the blood drained from his face. Cas, Sam, Charlie, and Bobby were being escorted down the path. A group of six forced them sharply forward, with guns pressed to their backs.
Kevin shook his head, chin pressed flat against the top book, holding the pile with tenuous strength. “Goodnight,” he said quietly over his shoulder while Dean held the door open for him.
The man immediately curled on himself and coughed a pool of water into the sand. Castiel rested a hand on the man’s back, hoping it would provide comfort as the man expelled the contents of his lungs before facing the sky again.
“Nevertheless, you brought me here and took care of me. Like you did for all the people in the Keeper.”
Cas sighed, parting his lips to let Dean in, demanding and desperate, his fingers firm along Cas’ body. “I need—” Dean hissed between scraping teeth and bruising lips. “Need you,” he admitted between ragged breaths echoing through the sky. “Cas,” he begged, not sure for what, moving his hand between their bodies to palm Cas’ cock through his pants.
Dean shook his head and closed his eyes forcibly, unsure if he should kick them both in the ass and send them to bed or if he should just stay there laughing out of his ass cause they looked fucking ridiculous.
“Thanks, I guess,” he paused. As much as he had loved the blue from before, now something didn’t sit right. “Where am I?”
She immediately raised it above her head to inspect it under the sunlight. “What is it?” she asked with a frown between her brows.
“Now, look at you,” Bela spoke after a moment. “We leave you for two seconds, and you get yourself almost naked?” She crossed her arms against her chest with a smile. “We can’t take you anywhere.”
Dean paused, hesitantly watching the door of the assembly hall, hand stilled halfway to the doorknob. The others should all be inside by now, and for once, Dean wished he could turn around, get Baby on his way out and leave all this bullshit behind.
“Hey,” Dean announced his presence, his voice hushed as he drew near the bed until the mess of dark hair, heavy eyelids, and swollen, red lips came into view. Cerulean eyes were like liquid water soaking him to the bone. They locked in on Dean’s for one stilled moment before realization played across the man’s face. His wide eyes took in their surroundings before focusing on Dean again.
He was in the middle of watching Frodo, Sam, and Gollum cross the Dead Marshes when he heard the shower cutting off, followed closely by Cas’ voice calling for him.
Dean inhaled slowly and looked at the group of strangers again, choosing to bluff his way out of this.
“You mean, extorting me,” Dean whined, eyeing the ticket between his thumb and index with a grimace.
There was no reply for a few moments, and Castiel almost thought Dean had severed the connection between them.
Dean pulled back to kiss Cas again, pausing shortly to catch his breath, the raw pleasure too much for him to do much beside gasping open-mouthed against Cas’ lips, eyes locked together.
Dean didn’t hear the rest of the words because his lips crashed into Cas’, swallowing his surprised gasp, followed by a sound of satisfaction as Cas returned the kiss. Hands grasped clothes, lips moved heatedly, warm panting filling Dean’s senses as he took what he had yearned for all year. Heads tilted in sync to deepen the kiss, and Dean plunged his tongue inside when Cas released a shuddering groan, licking and tasting the inside, pulling Cas tightly into him and biting his bottom lip before sobbing, “You’re here.” Dean was unsure of when he had started crying, though one glance at Cas and he wasn’t certain if they were his tears or Cas’.
“Also, the advantage of plant pollination will be fundamental for the future expansion of the gardening,” Castiel added proudly.
The music was slow, and their steps were clumsy at first. Cas stepped on him a couple of times, Dean went out of rhythm a few; but soon they were easing to the melody, gliding around the dance floor like they had been born to do this.
grumbled between teeth. “Let’s go back to the main road. Gotta be that trail with the chain blocking it we saw on the way here. Told ya we should have gone there instead,” he said over his shoulder, already making his way down.
When Saturday afternoon arrived, Dean picked up Cas from work a few hours after his own shift was over.
Maybe he had imagined the whole thing. A product of his mind trying to escape the hell consuming him barely moments ago. Dean raised his hand to eye level, studying his fingers, the way they closed around the air, he could still feel the warmth from the stranger’s hand filling the void he was now grasping. That felt more real than any nightmare his mind could fabricate. Dean buried his hands in the trench coat’s pockets, smiling at the realization. This ugly trench coat was all the evidence Dean needed. “I’m…” Dean turned slowly before nodding, not trusting his voice to provide reassurance.
most of the time.” Dean gave his best example of a casual one shoulder shrug, despite how his chest puffed out with warmth.
The front door flew open, revealing his big foot of a brother, struggling to juggle everything at once — holding the keys between two full bags of groceries, pushing the door open with a foot and trying to keep Riot under control.
“It’s more like a cold war, to be exact.” Cas cleaned his hands on the napkin and drank from his milkshake. “Lucifer’s clan hates ours almost as much as they hate humans.”
“Jeff was clearing the last room of the house. I… I was just after him and then… and then it happened, out of nowhere. We didn’t see him. The Croat was too fast; before I could even move, it bit Jeff. There was nothing I could do; please believe me.”
Suddenly a solid, warm body was there; Dean’s concerned eyes came into view as he wrapped his arms around Castiel, pulling him tightly to his chest. “Are you okay?” His hand pressed against Castiel’s lower back; his other one found Castiel’s wrist, fingers touching and caressing the skin there with a gentleness that made him dizzy all over again.
They crossed the hallway on the right and soon enough they were submerging in an oval glass corridor separating them from the gallons of water surrounding them. There were fish everywhere, some swam lazily from side to side, others stopped by the glass, their round eyes studying the visitors that crossed the corridor.
Dean stood up. “Then maybe I should walk your ass outta the door,” Dean said calmly, staring him down.
With a grin, Dean pulled back up. Tears stung at the corners of his eyes from the effort, but he was damned proud for the achievement and the reward of having Cas watching him through hooded, glossy eyes, all out of breath and involuntarily grinding his hips at Dean.
“Everything! Everything about it makes me feel alive, you know? I get lost in it and it drives me to wake up every morning with a purpose.”
“Yes,” Cas nodded in understanding, “your necklace too. According to this book, it might all be connected.”
Everything in Cas lit up and it was like watching the sun split the bottom of the ocean with new streaks of light, all bewitching and blissful. The clasp on Dean’s chest tightened around his rapid heartbeat. He felt himself on the verge of something, of admitting to himself what the flutter nudging behind his ribcage really was. A four letter word that he had never felt for anyone else, human or otherwise.
By the time the afternoon sky was bleeding in reds and oranges, and the tall vegetation swayed with the dire wind, ensnaring him above the road’s blackened asphalt, Dean could feel himself begin to suffocate as the miles between him and his destination shrank.
“I’ll talk to him,” Dean stated firmly before a chill of wind made his whole body shiver; he hugged himself, wishing he had taken the time to put on a shirt after all.
The hotel stood brightly at the center of the city; they drove past it and continued until they reached the city’s south limits. They made a turn to the right — the back alley was as uninteresting as the ones they had checked before. Wild weeds and moss mostly covered the walls; scrubby plants poked from the cracks of the concrete, and weeds oozed around the slabs of the chipped and fractured sidewalk. Some ragged flyers were posted to a stretch of wall at the end of the street, its sickly-yellow paint peeling off at places, revealing the brick underneath.
Dean rolled his eyes so hard he almost strained himself. “Don’t start.” He waved his hand in Cas’ direction. “This is Castiel. Cas, this is Jo, one of my co-workers.”
Cas startled, turning toward Dean as if he had forgotten Dean was there. His teeth were still exposed and stained red with blood. A layer of thick scarlet liquid dripped from his mouth and chin, smearing his chest. He growled, a wild storm breaking in his blues. As their eyes locked, some of the tension in Cas’ jaw subsided and the snarl gave way to a more collected expression, making him look less like an animal as he cleaned the blood around his mouth with the back of his hand.
“I apologize, I didn’t mean to pry.” He shifted awkwardly. “My brother, Gabriel, made me do it and… I confess I got curious.”
Dean held Cas by the wrist, fingers curling apprehensively as he scouted his expression. “Cas? You okay?”
Dean could call it bullshit, say something cocky, send a smooth wink, and bottle up everything close to sentimental. Because Dean didn’t do the touchy-feely crap, he usually left that for Sammy. But Cas was still watching him, and there was something about him that made Dean want to stop running, so instead came the admission, “I couldn’t just stand there and watch you get hurt.”
Dean’s eyes drilled into the back of Bela’s head as he joined her by the dark double doors. A long chain was looped firmly around the two metal handles, securing them in place. The door was scuffed on the bottom as if someone had forced it from the inside, but the black wood remained intact save for the broken stained glass at the center of the right door. Dean took a peek through it to the other side. Most of the walls were covered with metallic cabinets, and a long aisle divided the kitchen into two corridors. “Who the hell would have a kitchen up here?”
As it was, though, Castiel couldn’t help the hopelessness settling into the pit of his stomach. They had been too late and judging by Lucifer’s victorious smile as he watched the hollow of the abyss taking shape around Dean, this had precisely been what he had wished to happen.
“By sacrificing himself?!” Dean spoke for the first time since Cas’ explanation had begun. “By dying?!” He was on his feet, not caring how his voice was breaking and how his vision blurred before he wiped his eyes with the back of his hand.
They joined the others in the dining hall, and Dean could pretty much see Castiel’s chest puffing out, smiling along a, “I love this,” as he pulled the cup to his lips and savored his coffee.
Castiel looked down, fiddling with the sleeve of his colorful sweater. When he looked up, his eyes found Dean’s. Dean’s smile came easy, lingering long enough to encourage Cas’ faltering confidence. “I can teach you,” Cas said, at last, offering the rest of the group a gentle smile, his expression changing from shaky to friendly in the same breath as the group readily accepted his offer.
“Also,” Dean continued, and he knew he was totally stealing the move from one of his favorites, Indiana Jones, but he couldn’t stop now. “Here.” He brought his free hand to his mouth, not minding the way his lips parted or the way his heart raced in his chest as Cas’ eyes bored into his, three shades darker, before, slowly, trailing down to Dean’s lips.
It wasn’t until about the sixth-month mark when Sam had come to him, pleading once again for Dean to leave, to go with him and Sarah. He had tried to convince Dean since the nearby town had emerged, but Dean was adamant about staying in the Keeper. That was until they found themselves drinking hot chocolate to abate the crisp cold of late November, and the next words out were, “Sarah is pregnant.”
He concentrated on the man at the core of the storm of wildfire when a new wave of winds caused a loss of equilibrium and buffeted Castiel off-balance for a terrifying moment before he breached through the halo of flames.
Whatever witty comeback Sam had on the tip of his tongue was stopped by the breaking news on the TV. It showed the most recent murder of a human being by a mer. Mass murders had stopped after the war, but just like humans, there were merfolk who simply didn’t like respecting the laws and enjoyed killing others, same species or otherwise. Of course, that never helped ease the prejudice that was so ingrained in society against merpeople.
Even without looking back, he knew Cas was watching him, studying his words, causing a mild heat to sneak up Dean’s neck under Cas’ gaze. “Anyone told you you’re quite the staring creep?” he joked, his voice an airy wisp.
Tendrils of faltering thoughts poked at the back of Castiel’s mind — need, hope, frustration — wavering and shaking beneath a new wave of fearlessness.
“I’m sorry, my love,” Cas whispered. “I never meant to leave you. I only wanted to give you a chance at a future.”
The short brunette slinked from the shadows, bringing a strange-looking knife with her. The weapon was long, with a robust hilt and what appeared to be several teeth attached to the curved blade.
Cas released a distressed noise in the back of his throat and leaned on Dean, arms wrapping around his waist and face burrowing on the crook of Dean’s neck.
The man licked his lips, and Dean realized his eyes had traveled along his stubbled cheeks to land on the man’s mouth — chapped, full lips glistened, moisturized by the man’s tongue.
Dean heard Jo behind him, grumbling under her breath. They advanced at a slow pace, doing their best not to fall headfirst on the mix of dead leaves and old roots. Dean pushed away another stalk. They could barely hear the crunching of dead foliage beneath their heavy footsteps over the trilling birdsong and perpetual buzzing of the first cicadas of the season that didn’t seem fazed that a group of strangers was trespassing in their home.
Cole was there, along with a gun pointed at Cas and finger already tensed around the trigger. “No one makes a fool out of me. You hear that?” He stepped closer. “Much less a fucking little shit like you, who thinks he can waltz in here and screw all the rules.”
Dean woke up to a gentle nudging as Cas turned in his arms. The honeyed glow of the afternoon sunlight kissed a halo against Cas’ back as Dean watched the sleep gradually ebb away from him before Cas’ eyes peeled open slowly.
It was the eve of the bonfire, and Castiel woke up to the sound of knocking on his door. He grumbled a, ”‘m coming,” and proceeded to put on the upper part of his ‘But first… coffee’ canary-yellow pajamas.
It wouldn't take long for Dean to realize the strange stone had more than just a soothing effect on him — as long as it was in contact with him, his outbursts never happened again.
“Please…” Dean heaved the broken word. “I need you to distract the Croats while I get the guy out,” he said shortly. The decision was made even before his mind had time to come up with a plan.
Before he even saw them, their shrilling noise and scraping sound reached his ears as Dean moved the cornstalk out of the way. The grunts of the Croats that surrounded the red pickup truck with Claire and Alex on it drowned out everything else.
“Hey! Just ‘cause we’ve managed this far without much of a hassle doesn’t mean we’re out of the woods yet.” Dean grunted at their backs. “Stay sharp!” He raised his voice a little louder. “You see anything, you get back here immediately. Don’t be a hero, and don’t engage unless you have to.”
Dean chuckled. “How d’you know? We barely know each other,” he rasped, even though something in that sentence didn’t sit right with him.
Cas smiled, something tainting the lines on his face as he gazed at the book. “How do you know there isn’t a solution hiding here?”
There was a long pause around the library, apprehension filling up the spaces of the pregnant silence cramming the room.
Castiel didn’t think, the thin layer of unshed tears giving way to a raging red at the edges of his vision as he ducked from the gun, elbowing the other man in the ribs.
He raised his eyes, locking them with Dean’s. “This part is easy to figure out.” He looked at the book again. “But here’s what I don’t get: only when The Unbroken sunders and the holy is returned can both cleansing and The End be stopped alike.”
Dean prepared the drink and placed it in front of Castiel, opening a beer for himself before tipping his bottle to Castiel’s glass with a clink.
Until the brightest light Castiel had ever seen fell from above, mirroring Castiel’s fall from grace. Castiel was rummaging in an old hotel in a town he didn’t care to know the name of, and somewhere on the seventh floor, he saw him — Dean burned like a thousand stars all at once. And he was falling, falling fast and from high up above, with no chance of survival if he hit the ground. In one reckless instance, Castiel pushed forward and grabbed Dean’s hand, saving his life.
“Dammit, Charlie.” Dean was sure the secret that Cas was a merman was well kept between the small group of them. He also knew they would never break his trust. He smiled weakly, a twinge of guilt curling in his chest. He couldn’t afford to let anyone know about Cas’ secret, not if he wanted to keep Cas safe. Even though Garth was a good friend, the less people knew about it, the better. “What did that big mouth of hers tell ya?”
They crashed together again, glorious skin against skin, hard muscles contracting and expanding beneath their palms. They stopped for a moment, savoring the way they felt against each other. Open mouths breathing into each other before Dean kissed those plump lips again. Dean cupped the back of Cas’ head, fingers briefly scraping at his neck before trailing down to Cas’ chest. Dean’s thumb brushed over his nipple, and Cas shuddered and moaned as Dean continued squeezing and pinching it lightly until the perky bud was fully erect.
Dean clamped his mouth shut, trying to release the sharp, breathless gasps through his nose, suddenly painfully aware he had forgotten he and Cas weren’t the only people in the room.
The years that followed were the happiest of Dean’s life. They built a life together with quiet ease, Dean working at Winchesters’ Auto, Cas helping Sarah in the garden, especially after she gave birth to a lovely baby girl named Isabella.
His grace being destroyed wasn’t as excruciating as he feared; the second of sharp pain was quickly replaced with numbness as the blaring light filled the gateway, its warm glow given as a sacrifice finally closing the crater and the gate with it.
“You're dead!” Dean shouted in triumph as he plunged his purple rubber dinosaur into the water. The small but victorious plastic lion ran along the bathtub edge led by Dean’s hand as he roared with pride.
I know this fic hasn't been heavy on destiel so far, but that's about to change!!!! so get ready for lots of destiel fluff, angst, pining and everything else from now on :)
Jo was staring at him, an amused smile on her face as she lifted an eyebrow at him. “Making breakfast for bed?”
Before he could stop himself, his hand was hovering above Cas’ face. A furrow dug between Cas’ brows, and after a moment, he opened his eyes to Dean again. They widened for a moment when he noticed Dean’s hand so close to his face. Cas didn’t move, didn’t say a damned thing, but the intensity of it all was so heavy, Dean’s breath caught in his throat. He watched Cas’ bewildered eyes gradually fill with affection, a soft pink coloring his cheeks and lips breaking apart.
“Really? That makes you a storm-king if I’ve ever seen one.” He gulped down his beer. “You do scuba diving as well?”
In case of getting lost or wandering too far from the boat, having a GPS meant his brother would be able to locate him. Dean checked his watch, clicking the upper side button to activate it.
Benny hummed in thought. “I believe I did.” He extended a hand at Castiel. “But not you, if I’m not mistaken. I’m Benny, and who might I thank for getting in such trouble on my account?”
So they had arranged to go fishing that morning. They would sneak through the back exit of the Keeper, and Dean would share one of his favorite hobbies with Cas; hopefully spend some quality time, just the two of them.
The room was silent except for the sounds coming deep from Cas’ lungs, and Dean felt like he had been mourned in more ways than he could imagine. Dean made soothing sounds as he held Cas and just let him cry. In all of this, his only regret was not being able to be there to keep Cas’ from hurting like this. A sick pang of guilt came like a stab through his chest, and there was nothing he could do to change that. So instead, he just held on tight until Cas’ whimpers subsided, and he stopped shaking so much.
“Then get your ass out here; we don’t have much time before they come back,” responded the grainy voice through the device.
“Dean!” she exclaimed as if she was only seeing him now. She turned to retrieve a random key, dangling it between her thumb and index finger. “You’re here to book a room as well? Or are you sharing?”
The first room was no more than four by four feet; bare save for a single stool on the right and a copper laundry basket on the left. Dean took off all his clothes and put them in the basket.
“Please, put that away now; there’s no need for that,” Missouri said in the few moments it took Dean to rush the final steps to the bed, hands clenched into fists reaching for the curtain ready to stop Gordon and—
“And I think Becky has officially lost her marbles waiting for your return.” Jody blew out the smoke in three quick puffs, wafting three perfect circles against the night’s sky. “When I asked, her cryptic answer was
Dean finished greeting everyone, all the time stealing glances at Castiel before aiming in his direction.
“I’m not that drunk!” Dean sighed internally. Everything in him screamed for Cas, drawn by the constant desire for more. They were this close, and in so many ways, so far away. Dean could feel Cas’ breath hanging, hovering between them, and Dean felt dizzy but not from the alcohol.
Dean jolted to his feet, almost knocking his chair to the floor in the process. Millions of butterflies seemed stuck in his throat and if he spent one more moment there, he was afraid he would let them go in the form of three little words he wasn’t ready for yet.
“We need to get back to the truck, quickly.” Charlie waved a hand. “Where’s your radio? Warn Castiel!”
Castiel grimaced at the flirtation. As grateful as he was for all her help when he came to shore, he had no interest in pursuing anything other than a professional relationship with her. “I appreciate the offer… but I would rather keep my stay as short as possible.”
Castiel pulled up, foreheads resting together, struggling to keep the moist air between their lips. “Much,” he admitted.
Dean gulped nervously; he hadn’t played in a long while. He had learned it through his mother’s encouraging smiles and patience. Then he had kept playing for Bobby and his brother to entertain their afternoons. Ever since he and Sam had started to live by themselves, though, between work and visiting the sea whenever their schedule allowed, the piano had been left untouched for longer and longer.
“Missouri is a great doctor. You’re lucky to have her,” Castiel deflected, turning his coldness at him, and Dean felt three parts relieved and two terrified, the phrase,
Dean hummed but didn’t push for more. If Cas didn’t feel ready to share that story yet, he could respect that. There were memories from his past he would rather not dwell on either.
“Does the garden produce all year?” Cas asked, kneeling in front of a blueberry bush. By this time of the year, most crops were ready to bear fruit.
Dean removed his hand from the man’s chest and took out his canteen of boiled water, removing the lid before holding it to the other’s mouth. Cerulean eyes opened to meet him again, watching Dean like a lifeline and moaning in relief when the water flowed past his cracked lips, soothing his parched mouth and throat.
“Yeah…” Dean moved to the counter on the opposite side of the quarry tile floor to ready two mugs of black coffee. He had no idea how Castiel liked it, or if he even liked coffee at all, so he added a cup of milk to the tray and a bowl of sweetener, just in case. He put four slices of bread in the toaster and leaned on the counter.
“Fresh veggies,” Sam announced, putting some of the disgusting-looking frou-frou salads inside. “Berries are high in fiber, did you know that?” he asked, shoving those in the second drawer, not looking up from where he had his head all but stuck inside the fridge. He proceeded to remove a six pack of water bottles. “Make sure you always have bottled water at Castiel’s disposal. Merfolk need to drink water much more regularly than humans do.” He turned to Dean at last. “This is important. If he doesn’t, he can suffer from dehydration, which is a very serious thing.”
“It’s no bother.” Sam stepped forward with a grin, holding out his hand for Cas to shake. “I’m Sam, by the way. Please tell me if my brother doesn’t treat you right so I can gladly kick his ass.”
“Aren’t you going to tell me I’m being selfish for putting myself in front of the well-being of my clan? Because you wouldn’t be lying…”
Dean tried to talk, tried to repeal the blue that was emanating from him, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t speak, couldn’t move, he had no control of his body anymore, and as his conscience started slipping away, he wished another kind of blue filled him instead — a warmer shade, full of love and adoration that Dean knew mirrored his own soul.
“Run!” he screamed to the others back in the kitchen and spun around, already doing the same himself. He sprinted across the kitchen, checking around for Bela and Charlie, who had already rounded the corner, back to the floor’s landing outside the kitchen doors.
Dean wanted to make it better, to reassure him somehow that everything would be okay. Still, now that Dean knew that Cas’ douchebag of a brother had been plotting for this and was behind the reason Cas had fled home, the situation was proven to be worse than Dean had imagined.
“I miss him…” The memory of Cas had been the only other thing strong enough to ease the hole inside. Now, everything was cracked open and a heavy lump filled its place with mourning.
Dean entered his bedroom; the furniture was quite simple — ebony stained walnut in a clean, modern design. At the center was a king-sized bed with two bedside tables, crowned with a big-ass framed canvas print of one of Dean’s works — a shot of the USAT Liberty shipwreck from when he had visited Bali a few years back. A desk took up the entrance of the room. To the left stood a sliding wardrobe with mirrors for doors and to the right was a wide bookshelf covering almost the entirety of the wall.
“She’s finally out of bed; let her have some fun.” Jefferson waved a dismissive hand at him, walking away with a scotch in hand.
The man’s mouth gave the smallest curl up, but before it could meet his eyes, the man stepped backward and stumbled, his eyes rolling back until the blue in them disappeared, and he collapsed.
“Or foolish.” Dean gave a breathy laugh, the white, translucent cloud fleeing from Dean’s mouth and evaporating into the night.
“Tell me, baby.” Seeing Cas’ hesitation, Dean leaned down to kiss him again, just a tender, chaste press of lips before watching Castiel again. “We should probably discuss this. I know this is all new to you, so we go at your pace. When you’re ready, I’m fine with either pitching or catching.” He trailed Cas’ jaw with his lips. “I’d love to be inside of you.” He sucked a mark on Cas’ neck, reveling in the way Cas’ breath stuttered. “Or you can fuck me.” He whispered to Cas’ ear. Cas moaned, guttural and broken in return. “But only when and if ever you’re ready. We don’t have to do a thing, baby, I’m fine with just—”
The man didn’t reply, gazing at the sky through half-lidded eyes like Castiel wasn’t there, so Castiel leaned forward to meet the man’s gaze. Lightning struck somewhere behind Castiel’s back, illuminating the man’s whole face for a moment, making his sandy hair even lighter and bringing out the freckles dusting his skin like constellations. The man was beautiful, and for a moment, Castiel got lost in him as they watched each other.
Dean’s body went limp and sagged, slowly sinking to the ocean floor. He closed his eyes, lacking even the consciousness to put the regulator back into his mouth. He continued to descend, lungs aching from lack of oxygen as he slowly lost grasp of reality.
Garth stretched his arms over his head, fingers interlaced and palms up until his knuckles and back went off in successive pops. “More like a pain in the ass.”
, knowing that now there was some type of safety out there, and as they drove away a bit of the heaviness in his heart lifted. The world would be okay. The Croats were gone, and they were moving to someplace better, to provide Sam’s kid with what they never had the chance to have.
He was using his own come as lube — kind of nasty if he thought about it. “Sorry, does this weird you out?”
“I need you…” he said simply, pulling his fingers out and whirling around, laying on his stomach, ass slightly perked to Cas.
Dean turned the doorknob of his bedroom door just as three sets of footsteps burst through the entry-door. He slid to the floor, his hands leaving behind sweaty imprints on the hardwood as he moved with slow deliberation toward the edge of the stairs, thankful for the shadows that concealed his presence as he pressed his cheeks tightly to the balusters.
“You’ll only hurt me if you leave me,” he confessed, emotions still riding high from the bliss of his orgasm.
“Good job,” he patted the older man’s shoulder before announcing to the rest of the group, “It’s getting late; you’ve all earned some rest. So, beat it, everyone.” He shooed them away, feeling damn satisfied with their hard day’s work.
A small frown dug between Cas’ brows and he tilted his head like Dean had personally offended him. “Dean, don’t sell yourself short. You’re the farthest from a ‘douchebag’,” he said, waggling his fingers into air quotes.
“If I wanted to hurt you, I would have done it already. You don’t need to fear me,” Castiel pushed his voice through the sharp spikes of sadness nailing at his ribcage.
Dean waved a hand in the direction his brother had disappeared behind the door. “No worries,” Dean offered a smile when Cas seemed hesitant to start climbing up the stairs. By now, most people were up, and the curious stares followed them all the way upstairs. “Nothing could break Sam’s belief in fixing the shit we’re in,” Dean continued, ignoring them.
On the weekdays, he would visit the Roadhouse, and during weekends he would stay with his brother. Sam had a white picket fence house, with an Australian Shepherd dog named Riot and his lovely fiancé. To say he had the perfect life was an understatement, and Dean couldn’t be more proud of his little brother.
While he had to duck down to enter the tent he shared with Dean, the space inside was large enough that they were able to stand and move about comfortably. Since they were traveling by vehicle, the group had decided to take advantage of the small luxury of headroom the larger tents provided. Once inside, Castiel took a breath and absent-mindedly looked around.
He stared at the gate, mouth dry and palms sweaty around the wheel, watching, waiting. Finally, he shook his head and stepped outside, walking to the rear of the car to retrieve his weapons. Even though he knew they would probably be of little help against the Devil.
Dean stepped forward just as Castiel drew closer, meeting halfway, arms wrapping around each other and pulling closer — slowly, tentatively — shaping to one another for the first time, piecing together and around each other like the ocean involves the sand.
“How about your promise? You said you’d never leave me, remember?” His greens were glossy with unshed tears. Dean sounded so wounded it knocked the breath out of him. Castiel looked away like the coward he was.
Soon, they were doing the daily routine with such ease, it seemed as if it had been a part of their lives all along. It wouldn’t take much getting used to it, if not for the way Dean’s heart beat furiously in his chest every single time he saw Cas’ tail. He should hate it, fueled by years of grudge that had started with his father’s own spite for merpeople. Dean should feel repulsed every time the tail touched his skin, but to his surprise, that didn’t even cross his mind. Instead a deep-seated desire for the scales to brush up against his fingers ran through his veins.
Castiel’s breath faltered, and he closed his eyes. An expansion of warmth swelled so deeply in his chest it made his skin thin. As much as he wanted to chase the feeling of
For Dean, this kind of crap had always fueled his personal hatred against the finned-creatures. Until very recently he would probably spew the first
Kevin nodded quickly, and Dean turned to Cole, putting his hands behind his neck and leaving the room. “Whatever, asshole.”
“Hey,” Dean ignored Cole, eyes trained on the familiar stranger, doing his best not to let his breath hitch when cerulean eyes met him halfway and locked together. He took a cautious step forward, afraid to agitate the ocean in the other’s gaze brimming with confusion but unwavering. “I don’t know if you remember me.”
“She’s gonna call her baby Jack—” Cas spoke at the same time. “W—what?” His pace faltered as he stared at Dean. A
Castiel could hear Dean’s steps behind him, slow and steadily following him, only faltering on occasion as they waved the truck goodbye as Charlie sped past them.
“Is that what the orange things are?” Dean pointed with the fork, being the little shit that he was, pretending he hadn’t figured it out already.
With one month revolved, they started receiving news from other survivors via radio, the undead were gone, and with that, the remaining humans began coming out of hiding.
Cas covered Dean’s hand with his fingers, tugging ever so slightly. “They’re lucky to have you,” he uttered, eyes as soft as his smile. “When I look at you, I don’t see a curse.” He shook his head and let out a satisfied sigh. “You…” he paused, voice laced with fondness. “You’re a spark in a dull world,” he murmured, pretty pink lips curling up and making Dean’s heart soar right out of his chest. Cas drew closer, grasping Dean’s hand in his, interlocking their fingers together.
Dean pulled out his crowbar. “Let’s hope for everyone’s sake that no one is gonna be eating their words in just a bit.” He picked up his radio and held it to his mouth. “Let’s get down to business.”
When he came back down panting, everything was the same, only renewed. His mind was clear, his senses augmented. A piece of what was missing that made him an angel was slotted back into place. All this time, what was absent of his grace was right there, inside of Dean’s necklace. Not only that, Castiel noticed as he contemplated further, but his memories… they were back.
“No, seriously,” he whined, massaging the sore spot. “We barely celebrate birthdays anymore. It’s hard to keep track.”
“I’ve… I’ve never seen these stars before, what are they?” he said after a few moments of soothing silence.
As soon as they reached the exit door, Ash was already there, gun in hand. “What the hell happened? I heard some sort of blast.” His worried expression turned into surprise when he saw the state Dean was in. “And what happened to
The first swirl of flames didn’t feel familiar; the perpetual blaze that set his skin on fire didn’t scorch its way out of Dean’s body. Instead, ice-cold flames filled his lungs, their frosty hooks freezing each blood vessel, hardening his muscles, numbing his senses until Dean was drained of all color and couldn’t feel a damn thing.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean whispered to his brother as Cas and Jess got out of the car on the other side. “Not so sure if this is a good idea. I mean, the fish are all locked away in here. Kinda—”
“If we can find things that make us happy, we should enjoy them. Otherwise, what’s the point of all this?”
Dean had almost forgotten. Every Friday, it was movie night, and it had been a while since he had attended one. It was like going to the movie, but in your own house, the excitement was just the same, and for the younger ones who had never had that experience before the Croatoan epidemic, it was the best excitement they had each week. Everyone gathered after dinner in the improvised recreation room they had created some years back on the far side of the second floor, right past the dormitory, to watch a movie.
Dean thought above the gut-wrenching screams filling Jeff’s distorted mouth, cut by a momentary plea for Dean to spare his life.
“So, uh,” Dean cleared his throat, not sure if Cas was already asleep by now. “When you said you’re staying here, you mean, like… a day, a week?”
Cole bowed with a flourish of his hand and a mocking salute as he straightened up. “There I was at Agora thinking about a way to bring down your group of losers when these fine folks came asking for help to find their way around these woods. I said I would gladly introduce your group to—”
“Sarah?” he called, making the brunette turn to him. He moved forward. “Don’t worry,” he rasped, taking another step in Sarah’s direction, “you won’t remember a thing.” He put two fingers to her forehead. In the next instant, Sarah’s eyes were closing, and she was falling. Castiel caught her midway, carefully settling her limp body on the ground as she snored quietly.
Cas obliged but immediately lowered his gaze. Long, dark eyelashes covered blue as he watched Dean’s chest, clearly uncomfortable under Dean’s attention.
The Croats were gaining ground, and by the time they turned left again, Dean was pointedly ignoring the dull pain of his muscles protesting against the sudden sprint.
Three knocks on his door brought him back to reality. Dean groaned, slowly getting up from the floor and into a sitting position; his whole body was fucking sore, and his right arm had fallen asleep with him. “What?!” he growled the hoarse sound when the knocking resumed. His head was throbbing, and he could barely keep his eyes open as he got up, lumbering to the door to open it.
. Because one day, Cas would see Dean for what he truly was — broken, a cursed man who had killed his parents. And on that day, Cas would leave him. So Dean bit the inside of his cheek, eyes avoiding the other’s cerulean ones, and said instead, "Let's get some booze."
Dean absently touched his shoulder and thought back to when Cole had shot him. Even with the necklace, the flames had been so intense it had knocked the breath out of him.
“But he’s stable. I think he just needs time to recover. He’ll be alright.” He gave Dean an encouraging smile and turned to pack his books against his chest.
He placed the bouquet on the ground in front of the gravestone, and splayed his palm against the cold surface.
“Thank you,” the man muttered groggily, opening his owlish eyes at him, and suddenly Dean had another glimpse behind those walls — a broken vulnerability that came without warning each time the man didn’t seem to be paying attention. Dean made a vow, right then and there, to do his best to mend whatever past had made this man so wary of humankind.
There were more reasons for him to stay than to run away like this, his heart beating painfully in his chest being one of them. But the look of rejection he had seen Dean wearing in the forest had been enough to scare Castiel to the point of pausing to exhale. All that distrust. He had seen that look mirrored all around his kin before he had been expelled from heaven. He was miles away from them now, and maybe for a few moments, he had forgotten who he truly was. Dean had made him forget. And those eyes, which had the power to hold Castiel’s whole meaning on the inside, also had the ability to break him apart and remind him what he truthfully was — alone. An alien, to this world, not belonging to anywhere else either.
Jody took out a map, moving closer to Charlie to study the detailed outline of the area they were in. Dean left them to their avid discussion and took a look around, immediately checking each doorway as he slowly crossed the length of the alley, trying to force each one open to no avail.
Dean grabbed a change of clothes — some worn-out jeans and a blue plaid shirt — and headed out still in his pajamas. Despite Dean having a bathroom in his room, the only place with hot water was the shared bathroom on the main floor, and he needed one hell of a good, hot shower today.
Most of the wanderers that ended up in the Keeper were like that. Their whole family ripped to pieces by the virus. Most of them with memories so hideous it hurt to even talk about it. Was Cas like that too? Then why was he so eager to leave? Dean sighed. In many ways, Cas
Castiel could hear Lucifer screaming in the background, but it barely registered as Dean closed his eyes, a tear descending along his cheek as he fell, slumping limpidly on the ground.
if you wanna keep being updated on this story and any future fics of mine. I'm already working on my next fic which will be posted just a couple of weeks after this fic is done! Also, come find me on
Dean jerked upright, instinctively bringing a hand to his necklace. “Did I hurt anyone? The flames, were they… did I lose control?”
“No,” Castiel ended up saying, turning, hand on the door, ready to close it in Dean’s face. “Go away, Dean.” Before he could shut the door, Dean stopped it with a foot.
It was a false alarm to their utter relief. Some early contractions that raised some concern, but Missouri had reassured them that all Kelly needed was some rest. Kelly would have to be bed bound for a few days, and both Missouri and Kevin would have to keep a close watch on her for the months to come, but they promised Dean that the baby was still alive and well.
