SO. YEAH. I CRIED TOO, DON'T WORRY
It was only when Cas arrived at the motel that he remembered Dean and Sam would most likely be out collecting information from the locals. He decided to wait. Although necessary, investigations had never been his strong point. Dean had graciously assured him on several occasions that Cas's only difficulty was his reluctance to lie. The angel now understood that lying was not entirely evil. He had seen the Winchesters save lives on multiple occasions, thanks to this 'sinful' tactic, and had at last come to understand that lies could be used for good. Still, even with this epiphany, lying did not come easily to him, particularly in the performance aspect of it all, and he found it simpler to leave the investigations for the brothers.
“This thing sure loves the sound of its own voice,” Dean mutters in Cas’s ear, and his chest jolts hopefully as he hears a small, barely incoherent laugh from the angel.
He shook his head, and turned on the radio, then just as indecisively turned it off.
Cas closes the laptop and snuggles the blankets around Dean caringly.
Their first one since the California vamp fiasco—which, Dean later learned, had been taken care of by Sam and Charlie while 'you lovebirds were passed out in the hospital getting your beauty sleep.' Or so Charlie had said.
So for the first time, Dean feels like he’s going forward instead of back. But right now, sitting on their bed watching a movie on his laptop, thigh pressed against Cas’s pajama-clad leg, he smiles, remembering a very similar scenario: the night it all began.
And now… stretching out the inevitable, ignoring his desires for fear of the consequences… like never being able to read the final page at the end of a book, never learning the answers to all his questions… postponing
Cas smiled softly, amused at Dean's quickly regenerating snark. "You know I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation, Dean."
"hello Dean."
I liked this one,” Dean nods at Jack approvingly, and Sam rolls his eyes before answering Atlas’s question.
Cas frowned back down at the page as Dean stumbled over the bed and began untying his laces.
Taylor tilted her head towards the jukebox. "Didn't this song end already?" She huffed out a sigh. "Sometimes the crap-thing jams and just starts repeating itself. I should go fix it."
Raising both eyebrows, Dean turns to look at his fiance, mouthing
So he’d been spending quite a lot of time at Jody’s place, painting with Kaia, and having paint fights with Claire.
And for some reason, Cas was one person Dean could always feel comfortable around. Someone he could be himself with. Maybe it was due to the fact that the angel had literally reconstructed Dean's body and mind from scratch. Or maybe it was because Dean had only ever been the protective, macho older brother to Sammy, and he didn't feel like he could be anything else. Either way, Cas was undoubtedly… different.
It had been too close. Too dangerous.
to do- to do—” he flaps his hands vaguely at the scribbled note and tosses it back at Dean’s face with a petulant huff. “No way, pal. Ain’t gonna happen.”
Dean didn't dare look up, for fear of seeing Cas’s face.
Ignoring Sam's obvious shuffling around behind the closed door, Cas took a quick look at the fogged shower pane before turning around. Dean's body was nothing but a blur, so Cas knew the hunter couldn't be too embarrassed if he announced his presence.
He shifted in his seat, trying to adjust to a more comfortable position, trenchcoat rustling in protest. "Many of your memories had been repressed in order to survive the torments of hell, this one included. It was a painful memory, but it is an important part of who you are, and it belonged to you."
"You barely get along now."
Cas had just been acting so weird. Well, weird-
and then this whole book thing—"
Sam sets his bags down on the map table, and turns around. His eyes glow with an energy and light Dean hasn't seen in a while.
People say your wedding day is supposed to be the best day of your life.
---------------------------
were human."
Dean thinks, whimpering a soft noise in the back of his throat, feeling Cas against him, breaths getting quicker, and there’s a hand at the center of his chest, tracing, searching for steadiness that won’t be found in a moment such as this.
Life is good.
But he doesn’t need to beat it. He just needs to say yes. And it is the easiest word he’s ever spoken.
The seconds ticked by, and Sam quietly got up to retreat to his laptop. But Dean couldn't move.
"Dean, I- I didn't know you were there."
"Cheers. I guess." Dean lifted his 'sweetbread' as if raising a glass of champagne, and took a bite.
“Cas… it’s okay. We- we can have this.”
"I know, dude. But you've only ever tried a PB&J as an angel, and you seemed to like raw meat—"
After a little lull in conversation, Cas offers a plate of homemade croissants, which everyone takes to immediately, especially Dean and Jack.
"You were trying to impress me?" Dean grins, suddenly feeling even more lightheaded than before.
If Cas was a dreamscape painted on a wall, Dean was the wrecking ball that demolished the entire house.
apparently. It’s these little things, these new tidbits of information: Dean can never get enough of them. Such small details, but he tries to remember every single one.
long hair who will be way too good for you."
, Cas?" Dean whispers tiredly, his voice breaking, but Cas doesn't answer, and Dean huffs out a bitter laugh, shaking his head.
Cas thinks.
"Oh come on, Sam, you've been acting really weird lately, with the damn sigil, and the, the
"You wanna try a bite of this?" Dean asked, jokingly, holding out a forkful of meatloaf. Yeah so what if the gesture was kinda flirtatious. The angel wouldn't understand the significance anyway, and Dean wasn't about to get scared off by somebody else's spit on his fork. Besides, Cas's spit was probably more hygienic than tap-water.
So he’d yanked the twisted, silver-handled blade from Dean’s warm body. He’d grit his teeth, and sliced the edge along his own throat, quickly, before the Empty could react. The white-hot grace had seeped from his wound, trailing into the black void with no particular direction to go.
Dean patted the other side of his bed and gestured at Cas. So what if he was feeling a bit reckless tonight? "Come over here. Best seat in the house."
A mop of dyed-green hair dips its way out of the car, revealing a shorter kid with brown eyes and chocolate skin. “Hiya, Castiel! Jack’s told me a lot about you.”
“Cas-” Dean looks him in the eyes and pulls the backwards blue tie from around Cas’s neck, forcing the once-angel to lean down. Dean’s words are quiet, and Cas is horrified to hear a tinge of happiness, of
more time today, Sam thought he might just actually invest in a foghorn. Blow the damn thing right in their faces. He smirked at the thought, imagining the look on Dean's face. Actually, if anything, his older brother would probably end up stealing the thing and using it against him.
"Dean, what is so funny?"
If things had gone differently, he might have been standing here at this very moment, staring down at the same beautiful face.. But it would be cast in a very different kind of peace.
"Yes," Cas replies simply, and that's all it takes.
"So… I'm here. I'm right here- and I'll wait, Cas, just please come back. I need you."
I like it.”
He flipped the mattress,
Dean tries to sit up, but finds he can’t; stiff bandages are wrapped around his middle. “Cas, what happened? Are we okay? Where are we?” A tight ball of panic unfurls in his stomach.
It's been a long time since we posted, and we figured we'd made ya'll wait long enough.
with energy.
Slamming the door shut, Sam walks up to his family. “Hey guys. Looking way better from when I last saw you.”
She'd chuckled a bit at that. Which was good, because Dean had meant it to be taken with a bit of humor. That was his favorite thing about the her. She wasn't oblivious to pain, but she'd been through enough shit herself to know that a bit of trauma-deprecating humor is oftentimes more welcome than a sympathetic apology.
Um. I promise this was GOING to be a fluff chapter.
---------------------------------------------
"Yeah, I'm—"Dean flinched as he felt a hot hand on his forehead: Cas's hand. "Cas, what—"
not enough. He feels a small sound of desperation welling up in his chest, and Cas’s lips twitch into a smile as if he can hear the things Dean wants to say.
Cas doesn't answer. He seems to be frowning at the floor, and Dean recognizes the contemplative look. He sighs. "Dude what have I said about saving deep contemplation until
"Dean, I—"
It had
"Okay, well…" Dean sighed. "You must have had clothing that you wore at night, I mean—you had that vest on during the day, you took that off at least, right?"
Sam pointed at the screen, and looked back at his brother. "Los Angeles, California. Right in the heart of it all. And, I made a few calls, hacked into some security camera systems that were located around the highschool parking lot, accessed the footage from that week, and get this: all of the attackers' faces were covered with white masks. I mean that can't be a coincidence."
It reminds him of the monsters, who would get far too close for comfort and tell him things he desperately wishes he could forget.
“Mornin’, sunshine,” Dean murmurs into the dark mess of hair pressed against his shoulder.
Cas’s eyes snap open as he hears Dean’s coughing words. A dribble of blood eases its way out of Dean’s mouth as his lungs heave. But even with the struggling, Cas can sense Dean is close to the final fade.
Sam had sat in empty quiet for over forty-five minutes before he heard the car again.
"What am I gonna do, steal an easel??"
This page contained several dishes with unfamiliar names. Too many decisions.
The thought broke to the surface of dean's subconscious, and he slammed it back down along with everything else, but the thoughts resounded back in full force.
“Look, pal,” Dean jabs a finger at the man’s grimy shirt. “ I drove almost two hours to get here. And I’m not the type of guy to normally put strings on my services—” Rufus snorts again.
“Because, Dean, I need you to understand… that you are my reason, and— I love you more than you’ll ever wrap your head around. So… will you marry me?”
his feelings on multiple occasions, but as soon as someone tries to
Dean thinks. “Cas- it’s okay, I didn’t mean to ruin the—” but Cas doesn’t acknowledge the interruption. He only carries on stubbornly.
Cas squinted at him apologetically. "Dean you know I don't eat."
Copy your text from another program, I use Microsoft Notes. Make sure everything you wish to have italicized/boldened/etc. is already done.
When that happened, he was glad to have Lee around.
“Dude,” Dean frowns. “Why all the sappy rainbow flag shit all of a sudden? Cas and I have been together for a couple months now. It’s just sex.”
“STOP.” Cas manages to keep his voice steady, emotionless. He is too grateful when Hannah’s voice appears in his mind, ordering his immediate presence.
Dean raised his eyebrows at the angel. "Did you actually just threaten to blackmail my brother if he isn't okay with my sexuality?"
It made so much sense now.
No note. No blood. No trace of the angel he'd held all night long, the angel who had sobbed himself into restless silence, the angel who had gripped his hand until Dean fell into sleep, just hours ago.
forgotten the pie?" he walked out of the room, ducking slightly beneath the low-hanging doorframe with a muttered complaint: something about 'short people.' Dean grinned.
. Not to those flying dick-bags."
on you."
It’s been seven years, and a lot has changed.
"Well," Dean stood up and held out the bundle of clothes towards Cas. "This is the sort of question that can't be answered with words. You're just going to have to experience it yourself. So," he shook the bundle until Cas reached out hesitantly, taking them between his hands. "Lucky I've got these."
Dean shrieks in pain as a long, thin needle is stabbed into his head just above his ear, then everything goes back to black.
need to throw Cas into the mix.
Cas’s rasps, but Dean doesn’t stop walking until Cas trips, falling to the floor.
"…when we get back to the bunker, if you're still planning on staying—" Dean stammered, but Cas met his gaze with a calm nod.
"Wait- Cas, you're actually considering that? You know he was joking, right?"
And these things felt so good, so natural, but Dean knew he was only setting himself up for more pain, because Cas
They have
Cas looked over at Dean's frozen posture, confused.. "Dean? Are you alright?"
Dean could feel Cas's blue eyes watching him closely, carefully. Once he got started, it was easier to keep going.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas squints in distaste. “You ate less than two hours ago.”
“No- no Cas, don’t be sorry.” Dean’s voice is gruff, but Cas can’t tell if it’s due to the effects of morning or emotion. “I- I was going to—” he clears his throat, seemingly rethinking his words, then tucking both legs in, Dean shifts around on the floor to face Cas.
He smiles a bit at the thought. It is precisely something Dean
Awesome. Like he hadn't had enough insight already into his brother's sexual fantasies.
He had spent a third of his day haunted by these questions. Another third was spent with his regrets. Yes, he had been useless without his powers. But he could have
Dean remembered all the times he'd had this exact conversation with himself. All the times Cas had said something like, like
It was a photograph—water damaged almost to the point of inscrutability—runny and bleached, but Dean could still make out the faces, and his stomach lurched.
"yeah, that one's good. Okay now… line up, and focus on the spot you'd
Dean Winchester.
Cas smiled sadly at her as he turned the handle, pausing as he considered his words.
"I sensed your approach towards my door, but you did not come in. You… tapped your fist repeatedly, instead, and I—never mind. It is of little importance."
God, those eyes. Blue as the first day they met, but softer. Dean felt as if they were searching through his soul, and he couldn't help but think that he had never seen Cas look at anyone else in such a way. Probably because it wasn't all too often that an angel of the lord lifted a soul from Hell and rebuilt every molecule of their being. Hence the reason for their 'profound bond,' or whatever.
Sam shakes his head tiredly, and moves aside to let her in. “I’m okay, Jody. Just up late doing research.”
The job had lasted them 2 weeks in total, eventually ending up on the receiving end of undercover vampire slave-owners. Apparently, they bred weak vampires into violence, encouraged them to make obvious kills, then stole the unholy drink from their student's victims, leaving only a small portion as a reward for the desperately inexperienced newly bred.
Cas gave him an odd look, then walked around the side of the pool table to access his next shot. Dean rolled his eyes, leaning his weight on his propped up pool stick. "Oh dude. Come ON. The Hustler? Seriously? Didn't we watch that one already?"
Eleven months and three weeks after the Deal was made.
Silence.
It doesn’t seem appropriate. Dying in broad daylight. But the world won’t stop, even for its saviors.
Dean's mouth was slightly open, and Cas was gratified to note that the hunter seemed to be coming up short on argumentative comments. He squeezed Dean's shoulder tightly, then let go, and stood up, digging through his trenchcoat pocket for his wallet.
"What?!—whoa, no that's not going to happen. Seriously, I'm fine."
But first things first: find the evidence. Make sure this thing
“I can’t
Surprisingly, Sam only shrugs, as if he'd already considered the idea. "Well, just let me know if you decide to get a B&B in Vermont or whatever—" his words are interrupted by a buzzing noise, and Dean could swear he sees a faint blush rising on his brother's cheeks. Probably Eileen again.
Suddenly he realized he was still pressed flush against Cas, hands gripping his hips. It had only been a couple seconds, but that was enough for Dean to make it
“Dean?” Cas reaches out a tentative hand to pause the movie.
A double-bacon cheeseburger awaits Dean on the shiny kitchen counter. “Aw, hell yes,” he shuffles his hands together and grins.
Dean grinned, enjoying the teasing. "Sure? Maybe you wanted to kiss Sam."
“Mmph,” the Dark Mess Of Hair says.
some, dork, remember?”
Right now, Cas’s touch serves to comfort, to embrace not only with arms but with every part he can put into contact.
Dean felt the touch, almost leaning into it, craving it, craving
Not that that stopped him from wanting to know what his brother was up to… but he'd had enough experience dealing with Sam's lies to know that when Sam wanted to keep a secret, no amount of prodding on his part would get the truth out.
Finally he speaks in a slow, confused tone. "—I can't tell if you're joking or not."
out the phrase ‘fake it till you make it.’ He would answer the idiot-box’s siren call, and whisper this phrase to himself over and over.
Dean rolled his eyes, and handed Cas a burger. The angel looked at him skeptically. "Dean, you know I don't eat."
No. Far easier to carry the weight alone than pretend it didn't exist.
Dean thinks, rocking slowly in the quiet room, Cas curled in his arms.
He walked immediately up to the counter, scanning the menu, and reading from the list of ingredients as Dean had taught him to do.
-------------------------------
“SIR—Clarence, is it? That’s what the tall man said—you can’t get up right now, please just stay calm.”
She tried not to show it, he knew, but he could sense her awkwardness all the same. It was one human emotion he had become very familiar with, as Dean displayed its symptoms around him quite often. The hunter would make a joke when there was too much silence, or after Castiel had said something particularly affectionate. Sometimes, he would tap his fingers, ceasing only when someone broke the pause, and other times he would fiddle unnecessarily with random objects, simply to busy his hands and give his eyes something to stare at. Something other than Castiel.
He could see Jack struggling to hold open the rift, could see the fatigue quickly taking control, and so when Cas finally stumbled out of the portal, supporting Dean’s limp body against his own, and Jack slammed the golden slit closed, Sam could only feel relief.
But he stopped himself every time. Human hope was stronger, and more infuriating, than he'd ever considered possible.
"No."
these whispers that yes, this might be real, but for how long?
And so Cas, once so powerful, would stand behind that register, and tell himself
Liv seems to
answer, that curiosity would quickly be replaced with immense humiliation.
This chapter is painful—full disclosure. But I'm sure you're used to Jupiticas's and my writing style by now ;)
that had possessed him as easily and fully as any demon, the pure unbridled strength he'd felt…
It is hard to care about anything anymore, because he knows what could happen. He knows the consequences of caring too much.
"Hey, Cas. Uh—"
"No."
ship name. At least, that's what
“Hang on, it’s Dean,” Sam murmurs.
Cas goes to pull away, both of them out of breath, but Dean drags him back into even more kisses with a small impatient noise.
"Noon, tomorrow. Latest. By then, even
Castiel pulls an armchair over to Dean’s side, making sure to avoid the cords and tubes that are keeping Dean alive. The nurse leaves with a knowing smile gracing her features, and closes the door with a soft click. They are alone.
Walking down the hallway, Dean pats the ring in his pocket once more. It’s illogical to imagine a ring jumping out of a jacket pocket all on its own… but Dean can’t help checking. Just one more time.
Although Cas is currently coming
Dean could feel his face burning up even more, if that was possible, and he remembered suddenly that he was telling this to a literal angel of the lord. Too late to back out.
and when it comes to hunters, old age is regarded more as a curse than a gift.
How about for that cliffhanger, huh :)?
“Being human- it seems so new to me, somehow. And there are times I have this strange realization that this is how it will be- no powers, no wings, and—” Cas chokes back a strangled breath.
Slowly, without knowing it, Dean had become Cas's reason. And Cas had become
"By 1000, I was stabbing you without hesitation."
The angels eyes squinted softly back at him. "Dean… You know I always appreciate out talks. And our time together. But… I'm afraid I don't know
“Uh, upstairs,” Dean gets up from his leather armchair. “I want to be available when Sam, Eileen, Jack, and Atlas get here.”
had spent that entire case feeling more like the third wheel than ever before.
Something about imminent death really puts a stopper in the procrastination bottle. You can't put something off for tomorrow, if
And Castiel, knew then. It didn't matter if he spent his whole life loving Dean Winchester without a hint of reciprocation. For Castiel, there was no one else to love.
Dean rolled his eyes. "My… very weird freak of a brother has decided to spend the next hour or so purposefully torturing himself. I mean, I know jogging keeps you healthy, but
“Let me go!” Dean snarls.
After a lot of very thorough complaining, Rufus had melted down the spare parts, painted the newly-fashioned band with the same black lacquer finish as Baby’s beautiful color, and polished a small chunk of window-pane glass down to the size and shape of a practical, but noticeable centerpiece.
Love? Why had Cas looked at him when he said that, as if he knew—
welcome.
Charlie flung her bags to the ground and grabbed him in a fierce hug, the top of her red head barely scraping the underside of his chin, and Sam smiled, returning the hug with warmth. Charlie was the type of person you could never get tired of being with.
"It's nothing happy."
So these fake lives, however depressing, however unrealistic, were the closest he could get to feeling comfort. Now… comfort takes its form in something far more effective.
Of course, John hadn't bothered to teach Sammy the game. Dean was the one who could be counted on for money-making. But his little brother had wanted in on the fun, and so Dean taught him everything he knew.
“Dean, I know what you’re thinking. And this is just as important to me as it is to you.” Cas’s blue eyes shine in the low light, his voice soft.
, to take back his love that had numbed him to all else.
love.
much better than just fangirling with all my online Hellers and aren't they just
“Yes, a marathon sounds nice,” Cas agrees. “Actually, Sam was saying the other week that you and I need to ‘Netflix and chill already,’ and I—”
It’s nearing dark, and Dean should probably be shivering right now, but he’s not. The air is warm, but not humid; the grass is lengthy, but it doesn’t itch; there are stones and pebbles along the path, but Dean knows it would be unfathomable for him to trip on any of them.
Sam swallowed. "Yeah…"
Dean grips their hands together once more, and Cas shakes uncontrollably, the tears streaming forth of their own free will, and he lets them come because who knows how long it will be until he can cry again, it may be so long from now. It may be never.
everyone else, and so suicide seemed like a pretty ungrateful thing to do.
And Cas… it was hard to believe that an angel of the lord, a multidimensional being of celestial intent, could keel over in the presence of a simple
Sucking ketchup off his thumb, Dean replied bluntly, "that's the opposite of what I do. But," he shrugged, and flashed a crooked grin. "I ain't exactly a role model."
"Hey, man, I was only joking. I know that's not what you meant. Are you going to eat that?" Dean pointed at Cas's burger, and Cas was amused to find that somehow, Dean had already finished with his own.
“You are not kissing me with that mouth,” Dean grimaces. “Where are the mango slices, ‘cause those sounded half-okay.”
If I'm being honest, guys: I am actually, literally crying right now. Um.
Dean was having difficulty coming up with an adequate response. This time, the quiet was peaceful. Dean looked over at Cas, suddenly grateful. Maybe if more people could be like Cas, the world wouldn't be such a fucking disaster.
At least, that’s what the nurse tells him when she appears in the doorway. Her smile is wide and true when she sees his wakeful expression, and Cas is once again struck by humanity’s oddly beautiful sense of compassion, even towards strangers like himself.
Cas tilts his head, puzzled by Dean’s reaction. “Call us what? Boyfriends?”
He wondered sometimes how Dean could find such child-like joy in the little things, like water pressure and cherry pie. Although neither of them had ever had a childhood, Sam sometimes found that Dean could be more childlike than most adults he'd met. In a good way, of course. Alive, and vibrant with life. Appreciative of the small joys, easily excited.
But probably the most profound bit? Meeting Charlie. She let me have this experience, let me write with her. Over time, she would become one of my best friends I've ever had.
"-and I spent my whole life, feeling like I had this, this
Dean nodded, satisfied with their new plans, and pulled out onto the road, gaining speed. The sunset flared hot rays of light onto Cas's face, eyes once blue now fractured golden pools, mussed dark hair glowing around the edge as if it were on fire. Dean couldn't help glancing over every once in a while, but Cas's head remained turned towards the front window, watching contentedly as the fields and buildings blurred by, one corner of his lips lifted in a sort of quiet happiness.
Dean wanted to save everyone, hell, tried to save everyone. But the one person he never believed deserving of redemption, of rescue, of life… was himself.
Dean could have sworn, then, that Cas's eyes seemed to grow a bit quieter, despite the ridiculous question. "Green," he replied easily, as if he had known the answer for a very long time. "What is yours?"
became stronger.
. Whaddja think I meant?"
Leaning in, Dean presses a kiss to his angel’s lips, and Cas grabs hold of Dean’s wrist. Their noses bump, but neither of them notice.
rice krispy packs. Plus the absolutely astounding bag of lollipops.”
Cas considers, then shrugs, soft hair tickling Dean’s earlobe. “I suppose. Still. It makes for a victorious ending. A good ending—not simply because it is
“Dean… I
Sam wakes up to a buzzing noise vibrating across the map-table's surface. He blinks tiredly, and drives a hand through his rumpled hair, squinting at the name on the screen, then picks up the call.
Several of the walls were a coral-salmon pink, and the rest were formed from pure white shiplap boards. He looked up, and wondered what kind of a nutjob decided to paint a ceiling pitch black. There was a giant four-paneled, gold-framed mirror taking up an entire wall, and the two beds displayed garish bedspreads patterned in brown and pink geometric shapes. It had the look and feel of the bedroom of a preppy teenage girl who couldn't decide between goth, modern, or
Dean straightened, regarding the confused angel with amusement. "Man, what you
ENJOY!
Hope. Cas knows the feeling well. He's been holding onto it for more than a decade, after all, holding onto a fragile future that had no hope, a delicate relationship that that had no hope—
is my favorite Beatles song, and
It’s a dark, humorless thing.
And yet, a deeper part of him knew he didn’t want to forget everything. Dean’s friendship was a mercurial thing, but it was the only thing Cas could believe in. Without Dean—without
“There’s something else. It will explain.”
THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR INCREDIBLE COMMENTS. SERIOUSLY. I HAVE NO WORDS TO EXPRESS MY HAPPINESS.
"Uhuh. You're a terrible liar, Cas," Dean smirked.
real happiness before.
attend classes here, sleeping in the painting room, and even though it's your JOB to kick me out, you let me stay."
It takes all his willpower not to kiss his angel again, but there’s still so much he wants to say.
Dean frowns, immediately picking up on Cas’s sudden change of tone. “Hey man, you okay?” he lays his hand on the angel’s shoulder. And Cas loves him even more for it.
Shifting positions so they sit face to face, Dean cups his hand lovingly around his bondmate’s cheek, and he’s never felt this insanely happy, and he’s never felt this good. He presses his forehead to Cas’s, needing to be closer.
Dean hisses. As per usual, Freddie Mercury refuses to oblige. Janitor Boy steps closer, a look of worry turning his blue eyes into a squint.
Having a hacker-extraordinaire as a best friend certainly has its perks.
Sam frowned. "What?"
Dean watches as Rufus shakes his head and takes a swig from a very dusty bottle.
Dean raises an eyebrow at Cas, who bites back his own grin. It feels nice to be the one doing the teasing for once, especially with Cas to join in the fun.
Dean shook his head, trying to clear away the nagging thoughts. Cas was an
"I know. And it is infuriating." The words brought a light smile to Dean's lips, and Cas wanted to say more, wanted to make him
Hannah almost scoffed, mouth opened only slightly.
He knew he’d go out eventually, most likely in battle. An honorable death, no doubt. Expected. The kind of death that would soon be forgotten by his kind. Why should they care about another dead angel? And Cas wouldn’t have blamed them: he wouldn’t have cared any more than they did, if one of his kin had died. Angels didn’t care about family.
The Empty tilts its ear curiously towards Castiel, but doesn’t loosen the death grip on Jack's neck. "A little louder, please?"
Dean raised his eyebrows. "Who's arguing?"
"Sam! Hello! Is Cas there too?"
And there, off to the sidelines, watching the funeral of the great Dean Winchester, there would stand a trenchcoated angel, fallen for the Righteous Man in every way possible.
'Sometimes, I remember when I was… bad. Sometimes the memories grip my lungs in a thick, heavy hold, and I feel like I can't breathe. I'm afraid I'm going back to the bad.'
Cas made a soft noise in the back of his throat, a stifled sob, as if he'd known this was coming and couldn't keep in the tears any longer.
It reminds him of his father, who would mutter comments equating his pretty face to a variety of gay slurs. So Dean had flirted with every girl he could find. He had shoved down those
Still the angel did not turn to face him. "I will apologize to the motel owner for the both of you. Sam, I would recommend you leave him a substantial tip for the property damages. I believe that is considered polite in
"Cas this isn't really a good place to talk about it. Meet me out in the car? Just give me a few minutes, okay?"
He reached out, placing a hand on either of Cas's hips,
Sam massaged a hand through his hair, eyes beginning to twitch from fatigue and too much reading. He decided to skip through the 'Cupid in a birthday suit' portion,' since he didn’t really have an urge to read about himself being hugged by a naked angel-dude.
Living for revenge, for closure. Sleep was a luxury, food was unnecessary, just as long as he had a copious amount of beer bottles in the fridge, and as for life,
He opens his mouth to speak, but the nurse smiles and answers before he can even get a word out. “He is sleeping right now, we had to put him under just to keep him from wandering the halls looking for you. But I think
He had been Cas, technically, but he'd also been Jimmy. Like split-personality, or something.
Cas wasn't one for dramatic expressions, but Dean had known the angel long enough to know when he was enjoying himself. It was a soft, assuring look, a calming, content lift in the corners of his mouth, brow relaxed, a tilt of the head. Seeing happiness on Cas's face was rare, but somehow so familiar.
had already sunk its claws into his throat. Dean tried to swallow, and couldn't. He tried to breathe, but the blankets were suffocating.
But the person I want to thank the most is Blu…thank you doesn't cut it.
It was high time to make his ship canon.
Cas shifts his gaze to meet Dean's eyes, forcing his voice to remain steady.
Dean looks down and sees a blood drenched blade, its black twisted point sticking straight out of his body, just above his belt.
Dean stays outside to help Sam with the bags, while everyone else walks inside, the separate conversations mingling into incoherency.
"No, Dean, I did not want to kiss your brother."
But now Dean’s truly experienced it?
Been so frickin busy this week, but I wanted to get the next chapter out, so it's a little shorter than I wanted.... The next one will be out soon, though, because I've already got all the dialogue planned out!!
"Whoa." Sam grabbed a seat at the table, already overwhelmed. "Just slow down, Charlie. Cas and Dean aren't going to be back for a while, I told them I had a lot of research to do, so we've got plenty of time to talk."
They hear faint sirens in the distance, and Sam pulls over on the side of the road, then gets out with Charlie, waving their arms rapidly in the air. Cas can feel his vision fading, finally, as if he’d been waiting until the last possible second to let go.
the building heat beneath his skin, and
Because although he'd never been able to read the full page, he had managed to catch a brief glimpse. Just once. But it had been enough.
pounding away inside his head—it’s all too loud.
A bout of laughter sounds from the shore behind Dean. Jo is doubled up in laughter, holding a couple of beer bottles to her chest.
She bends down to look at
Cas nodded, looking down at the adjustments, as if memorizing his position for future games. Dean bit his lip with hesitation.
-----------------------------
"Anyway. I guess he was pretty surprised when he caught me with a guy. With Lee. Apparently he hadn't even considered the idea; me being interested in—" Dean bit the inside of his cheek, and looked out the window, fiddling with the keys in his lap.
Dean quietly sings.
Cas’s blue eyes are widened to full capacity, and the silence stretches on, the adrenaline taking hold, and Dean can feel his own hands shaking, and it’s stupid, it’s
Well… Dean ignored the thought, forcing himself to grip the warm hand more tightly than before, folding it within both of his own.
Dean nodded slowly, still feeling kinda out of it. He wet his lips, trying to remember what he'd been doing. Taylor nudged his shoulder with her finger. "Your uh, your buddy looks a little worried about you."
Startled out of his reverie, Dean met the angel's blue eyes, soft as ever. God, he'd missed that stare. And Dean knew then, sooner or later, Cas would leave him, just like everyone else in his life.
"I didn't. But…" Cas paused, obviously hesitant to finish his sentence.
that has haunted him ever since he’d first learned what it was to love someone without reciprocation. Even in this moment, something is missing. And Cas knows what it is.
Dean snatched a fry off his plate and immediately understood why all the girls were willing to come here. "Damn—Cas, man you gotta try these fries."
of angels on our tail. Hunting us, hunting
Dean decided to move on.
How was it possible that just last night they'd been together, laughing over disgusting food and then-
… it would be enough.
Cas knew Dean wasn't meaning to be hurtful. Their individual memories of Roxford were… somewhat different. He earnestly hoped Dean would never know his side of the story, how close he'd come to—
Cas glanced up from his bent position, looking slightly offended. "As I said before. Humans and their compliments. Perhaps you should take
“I’m tired of preaching all my iconic lines to a wall. How do you feel about a movie night?” Dean flashed what could be considered as a flirtatious smile, if Cas wasn’t just a friend.
"Now that I've got your attention, we're going to talk about your feelings for each other."
"Jack? Hey, kid, how's it going? It's only been six hours, have you burned down the bunker already?"
“Cas- you're my everything,too, y'know.”
SPECIFICALLY FOR THIS FIC!!!!
pours over you in waves but the lingering fear stays with you for the rest of the day.
“Ha.” Dean swats at Cas’s arm. “I
He remembers his happiest moment. He’d had no words then, but if there were ever a chance to redeem his silence, now is the time.
"Aw, come on, seriously?" Dean scoffed. "You think I can eat all of this? No." He handed the turducken sandwich container to Cas. He'd had enough turducken for one lifetime, after all. "You got us into this, Guy Fieri, and no way do you get to back out now. So," he gestured at the sandwich sitting innocently in front of Cas. "Eat up."
---------------------
So Cas smiled, relieved. The hurt was still there, but he would take every chance he could to fix it.
He forgets about the plate of food, and once he starts, it seems he won’t be able to stop until everything is out there in black ink for him to read. For Cas to read.
"…kinda like you and me."
"-You happened to me. And dammit," he huffed out a small, disbelieving laugh. "I still don't see how I could possibly deserve you but here I am and I'm hoping…"
Cas complied with a small smile, but it held sadness, as if Dean was incapable of understanding. "Dean, I don't mean that, I—"
“So, you straddle it, like this,” he demonstrates by sitting on the front seat and gripping the handlebars. “Don’t worry, I’ll be doing most of the work.”
Cas frowned.
Surprisingly, Dean unlocked the door, and Cas slid uneasily into the 'shotgun' seat, as humans called it.
They sit in a comfortable silence, simply content to just be together. Then Dean frowns, as if remembering something.
Sam gave Dean a surprised glance, then looked back at the phone. "Jack, why—"
have something to do with this, actually."
Cas remembers. It had only been a week before. The day he’d seen the hunter mostly-naked, so Dean had taught him how to knock, how to shower.
"Well, I’m so glad you asked." Charlie smiled: a boastful, yet endearing look that meant, once again, she had found a solution. She turned the laptop screen towards Sam, displaying the homepage of a website called Tumblr, where he could read a short list titled "Favorite Fanfiction Tropes & Headcanons."
How they'd like to have his pretty face mounted on their wall.
angel, had been watching humans in their naked forms for a millennia, but he had come to respect humanity's odd need for privacy.
“Cas-hey,” Dean cups the angel’s face urgently trying to shake him into focus. “Cas.
Dean said nothing, and began thumbing through John's journal.
Cas settles back into the pillow, hands gripping the sheets, eyes squeezed shut against the sudden onslaught of purple fuzzy flares erupting behind his eyelids. Dizziness is, so far, one of his least favorite human experiences. It’s rather debilitating.
Dean bit at his bottom lip, and tried to pull a grin. "I.. "
He’d always been a reckless fool, but only because he’d never truly given a damn about his own well being. Save lives, and if you go out swinging, well… one less fuck-up living in this already messed up world.
Not necessarily unpleasant. But… damn confusing. Only Cas could speak his mind like that, so blatantly honest, without a hint of a blush or a single second of embarrassed hesitation.
Cas took out the mix-tape, and gently tucked it within the folds of his trenchcoat. Such a small action, but Dean's consciousness broke the surface as he watched, the seconds slowed, and he realized he was staring at Cas.
Cas tried to block out the hunter's thoughts, but it was like trying to ignore a full-on prayer at this point. Dean's thoughts were so rapid, the words were almost indecipherable, but Cas could make out a few bits and pieces, a few images, memories.
"…you can keep being the good in my life."
Cas looked at him amused, and disbelieving. "Is that what you would do?"
"Shut up. I need to say this." Cas could sense tension, and saw Dean shift uncomfortably.
, Cas."
Sam held up a hand. "That's another thing. I did some research—"
Dean doesn’t realize the empty is standing behind him before it’s too late. Cas’s eyes widen in shock, mouth open in a silent warning, and Dean almost turns around. And then he feels it.
Dean scratched his head, feeling awkward in the silence, because he knew Cas was waiting, but there was something else he wanted to say before they started the movie. "-And, y'know, I was thinking…"
“You knew?” Dean’s voice is suddenly stone cold.
"Get out of the car, Dean."
And Dean sometimes feels as if he understands how the angels felt: when they lost their only guidance, when they fell from the only life they'd ever known.
AND OF COURSE: PLEASE LEAVE A COMMENT BELOW, EVEN IF IT'S JUST JIBBERISH; THAT SHIT MAKES MY DAY, YA'LL.
. Apparently the cleaning guy decided to come early.
"Actually, Claire and Kaia are here. That's why I called."
Dean smirks.
Then Cas speaks, and all amusement drains from the moment.
“I believe we're real, Cas.”
And then Cas had watched as the ebony blade shoved itself viciously through Dean’s body, and the first drop of darkened red blood fell upon the black floor, not even making a sound. There should have been screaming. There should have been noise and words and evidence of the agony he felt, there should have been
The kitchen is, surprisingly, cleaner than it’s been in a long while, despite the array of strange dishes packed inside the fridge, and Dean looks around in pleased satisfaction. Cas knows everything about him, after all, and his hatred of a messy kitchen is apparently not exempt from the angel’s notice.
Dean leans back in his chair, grinning into his beer. “Man, this is awesome. I missed this,” he pauses for a moment, then shoots a look each to his brother, Cas, and Jack. “You guys up for a movie tonight?”
"I choose Dean Winchester." even the words brought warmth.
His days became a monotonous nightmare, created out of constant prayers and endless regrets. Going nowhere. From nowhere. Stuck in his one addiction to
Dean nods slowly, tapping his fingers against the rim of the counter behind his back.
“Now that we are boyfriends? Well—”
Okaaaay then.
He must have known what Dean was asking. He must have known the consequences he might face: death, at the very least.
“Yes, I am! I’m gonna be the
Sam said Dean and Cas were in their room, right?
of it.
Cas doesn’t speak. He’s learned by now it’s best to give Dean time to think.
When the famous flux capacitor scene comes on, Dean quotes the line along with the character, yelling “eighty-eight miles per hour!” with a huge grin on his face.
But a broken weapon, no matter its original strength, is of no use to anyone.
Maybe that would not be his story.
A huge gray minivan awaits. Sam, in all his moose-ness glory, steps out of the car, Eileen following not far behind, somewhat hindered by her large baby bump. Dean grips his brother tightly, then Eileen.
Charlie mouthed at him, and Sam gave her a thumbs up in response.
Maybe it wouldn't be such a bad idea to tell Cas about Lee. The dude knew most everything about him, anyway.
Jody flashes a smile. “Well, Claire made it, but thank you! I’ll pass on the compliment.”
, features twisting, and Cas can’t look away.
Empty-Meg is nowhere to be found; but he isn’t alone.
“If you say so. She especially likes the one I’m working on right now.” Jack says proudly, digging a fork and knife into his pancakes, and Dean passes him a dish of butter.
She grinned, and shrugged happily. "Right, sorry. I just get so excited. They both deserve happiness, ya know, and also their ship name is so perfect—"
“Babe, can we go now, I’m tired.” Dean complains from his chair.
Jody looks impressed and goes to shake Charlie’s hand. “Nice to meet you.”
"That's not who you are. Everything you have done, the good and the bad, you have done for love."
Dean frowns. “I’m only six years older than you.”
“So-” Charlie starts, but she’s interrupted by the loud ringing of Sam’s cell.
Dean looked taken aback by the answer, only for a moment, but it passed and he turned up the music with a twirl of his fingers, looking considerably more cheerful. "Double bacon cheeseburgers, here we come. But you're paying," he grinned.
Cas wakes up lying on a black surface. It has no texture nor temperature; it is simply there. There are no walls.
“Alright.”
and Cas doesn’t joke around about this stuff, but it comes out, a harsh sound.
not worthy of saving.”
Dean threw his duffle bag on the carpet and stalked out of the room, leaving the door wide open, Sam and Cas watching as he slipped into the confines of the Impala, and slammed the door, closing his eyes.
“I wanted you to know how I felt, Dean. I wanted it so badly-”
happened. Cas
That was the… first time he'd actually truly admitted it to himself. The first time he'd even considered the word. Even if he hadn't said it out loud…
it sounded so formal.
Was that what it really was? It seemed too strong of a word, but then again: Castiel wasn't exactly your average Joe. It was almost as if he was trying to make up for all his years as a stone-cold solider, by expressing emotions more honestly than three humans put together.
(—look away just LOOK AWAY, don't meet his eyes, look anywhere else—)
knew about me was the kind of gun I preferred to use on our hunts."
Dean retorts. Freddie expresses his resentment by jumping ahead to the loudest part of the song.
It’s been a while since he’s seen Jack. Turns out Kaia is quite the aspiring artist, and after taking one look at the paint palettes and large blank canvases, Jack did what he’d always done.
Sam stumbles up the staircase, forcing himself into wakefulness. Apparently, staying up until six in the morning reading glorified fanfiction of their lives had more negative consequences on his energy-levels than he’d expected.
The color of Cas’s voice when he whispers
But then he feels warm fingertips trace up nis neck, a warm palm presses lovingly against his cheek, and when Cas takes a shaking breath, this time, it’s enough.
"Hi, Dean." Claire. He could hear her signature eye-roll.
And god, it was harder than he thought to speak those sacred words as if they were
Never felt an emotional connection like he'd had with Lee. With Benny. With—
And here, on that beautiful corner, his future. Waiting for him in all it's terrible foreignness. In all it's unknowability. And—
It scared Cas to realize how close he'd gotten to revealing everything, to ruining everything. 24 hours with Dean, and one mundane visit to a Blockbuster, and he could have lost it all.
And when they were standing in that sigil together... He remembered the utter humiliation, the anxious dread, seeping off of Dean.
“Oh, but not now. No, no, no, no. No, you see,” the corners of its mouth twitch, eyelashes batting at the desperate angel. “No, you see, I-I meant what I said.”
It didn’t take long to set up the DVD player, and Cas wasn't back with the food yet, so Dean took off his extra jackets, throwing them on a nearby chair, and settled down on the bed, back pressed against the headboard.
"Cas, we should talk about, you know—what happened."
Thank you all for the thoughtful, lovely, AWESOME comments: you guys are a big part of the reason we keep going!! Please leave your thoughts below, it truly makes our day reading them<3
Dean clears his throat, and Cas senses distantly a warm thumb tracing over his own fingers.
"Dean," Cas touched his shoulder. "Thank you. I know how much these songs mean to you."
Cas hesitated only for a moment. "Kill you."
But of course, it’s never too early for Sam. He’s peering into the fridge, still dressed in damp running clothes, and smelling distinctly of exercise, health and fresh air. Dean hates it.
Cas looks down, eyelids flickering. He speaks, still refusing to meet the gaze of his possessed sister before him. “I accept.”
Sam would have to invest in sound-proof headphones, just in case. He wondered if Cas's abilities included refurbishing smashed walls… or bed frames… or tables.
Sam coughed.
She peered at him closely.
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0Ks0yceaheHi2DeADH1YZV?si=SDUta5OATjWzOrGzYvaIiw&utm_source=copy-link
Jack smiles softly, and nods, reiterating the plan one last time.
be the happiest day of his life. Pleasure can be planned, but happiness comes of its own accord.
thing." Sam just rolled his eyes, and placed his laptop satchel on the bed. "I'll go and get us some dinner."
Well if the genius will accept a bit of criticism, his lowly, Neanderthal friend has some advice."
to know.
Cas was still standing by the pool table, but Dean could see the tell-tale signs of forthcoming questions beginning to crease the angel's forehead.
"Dean."
And the end… it was easy to remember, but not because it was so short.
“One, don’t swear. Kids, remember?” Sam admonishes, “and two, you used to hunt demons for sport, now you’re struggling with that?”
"Dude, I think you better go talk to him," Sam nodded out the window. "He's been a pain in my ass ever since you left. Could hardly get a word out of him."
"Dean. Stop." Cas's voice was firm. Unwavering. "Never let the close-minded ideologies of your father overpower what you know to be the truth. Forgive me for speaking so bluntly, but John Winchester was not exactly an expert in the concept of love. You know this. You were always cleaning up his mistakes as a child."
"Hey Jack," Sam spoke loudly, and Dean gestured at him to be quiet.
And if his assumed gist was correct, he had to get out of here fast, because dammit, he was not ready to have this conversation. Not like this.
Feeling lighter than he had in a long time, Dean stood up and jabbed a finger in Cas's direction. "Oh, buddy, now that's where you're wrong."
When you love someone, their face is not a face anymore: it's a memory. A collection of moments. A flashback to all the times you touched. It is your reason to laugh and the source of your deepest pain. It is countless reasons to keep living, and never-ending reasons to cry.
But wasn't Cas at
The blue eyes crinkle into a smile. “Dean.”
I mean they're definitely my OTP even over HanLeia and—"
It didn't help, the way Cas looked so fucking terrified. It wasn't quite the expression Dean had expected, but it was too late to back out now.
And maybe they would stay friends. And maybe Dean would become 'busy,' living life as he had always deserved. And maybe Cas would become their useless, lonely, depressed side-kick, that old friend whom you can have beers with on a few Friday nights, and then don’t see again until you get the call, and that friend is lying in a casket, and the Best Friend takes up his role at the alter, and says a few reminiscent words, and a few more lies about the things they always wanted to do together, and all the plans they made that neither of them ever expected to accomplish.
He remembered a time, long ago, before he’d met Dean Winchester, when the idea of his own death was far simpler. Far more straightforward.
His phone read six in the morning. Charlie likely wouldn't be up until eight or so, giving them about four hours to find the notes before Cas would come to get Sam.
Cas doesn’t know who he’s praying to. But somehow, it helps.
The reaction was instantaneous, though not unexpected. Dean must have dropped the shampoo bottle on his foot. At least Cas assumed, because he was hearing an unnecessary amount of cussing following a loud thump.
"Dean—something is wrong. I won't leave here until you tell me."
Dean thinks as Janitor Boy's brain re-loads.
"Gah!" the car swerved slightly, but Dean had, for the most part, become accustomed to angels and demons popping in
And watching Cas, Dean remembered something he'd read a long while ago.
the honeybees though. Those guys belong
Not long after, John had sent Dean on his first solo mission. January 24th, Dean's 17th birthday. Dean hadn't asked for anything, their father wasn't big on birthdays. Or any holiday, for that matter. Avenging Mary's death was more important.
Sam tilted his wheeled chair around to squint at Dean. "Oh yeah? What exactly did you say to him, man?"
Sam’s smile falters a little. “Yeah, but we will. We’ll figure it out. We’ll find her. I-I mean, we found her before.”
go in. Boom. Easy.”
Dean and Cas were glancing over curiously, and Sam gave him a gesture telling him to pay attention to the road. "Yes, we'll let you know if we need anything."
Cas folded his arms neatly on the table space in front of him, leaning slightly inwards. Dean suddenly realized how very, very close the angel's face was. Hell, they were literally touching shoes under the table.
But now, sitting in a hospital bed, saved from both death and from the worst kind of agony, he finally understands the saying…. The similarity between lightness of flight, and the lightness he feels in his chest… It is the perfect metaphor.
"Cas…"
per-se, but because it teaches a valuable lesson. It… inspires; motivates. And that is the point, I think. As long as the viewers are satisfied, and are left feeling better, or more inspired, than when they began…. I think that is what matters.”
Jack laughs, catching Dean’s grumbling.
It doesn't fit this new blue eyed acquaintance, at least not in any way
“Oh-” Sam groans, pinching a hand to his forehead, apparently having just walked through the doorway. “Guys come on, it’s way too early in the morning to see this.”
Dean strikes a frustrated chord on his guitar that probably could have been labeled as classic jazz, if he'd managed to play it with more confidence.
What a cruel, and bitter ending, that Dean should die like this, stabbed in the gut, just before his life could begin.
the once angel whispers.
“Well, Jesus, a guy saves your life
A bewildered dark haired angel in cuffed jeans opened the door, and squinted her sky eyes at Castiel. "What were you doing, just now?"
“I mean, I could just relieve you of this favor, if you want,” Dean shrugs cheerfully, pulling out a knife. “I’ll be quick. And then you won’t owe me anything. How’s that sound?”
Dean gave a quick glare back at the angel, who was watching the hunter with no less intensity than before.
So he focused on the angel's contented smile, soft and peaceful. He focused on the voice spilling out facts that he honestly couldn't care less about. Not the narrators voice.
“Well, you never know, they might get here early,” Dean grumbles.
Somehow Dean slept. But it was good. At least in sleep, he could feel nothing.
"You were saying?" Dean smirked. "Genius, huh."
Dean." She slid the laptop back over to her side, and began rapidly typing up a new item on the list. "fictional or real: Dean would rather take a bullet in his shoulder than talk about his emotions. That's why your plan backfired so horribly."
"I still don't think this is a good idea," Dean huffed for the fourth time.
“DEAN!”
An inner voice demanded.
"Chastity?"
Cas fidgeted awkwardly, as if embarrassed. "Dean… I didn't
By the time Dean gets back to the bunker, he’s starving. Cas called a few hours ago, and Dean hadn’t felt the need to lie. He just hadn’t told the truth either.
- Jupiter
should… take. Lessons."
Sam hadn’t asked questions when the Dean snuck his trenchcoated angel out the front door of the bunker. Cas had left a note, against Dean’s insisting remarks that Sam wouldn’t notice their absence due to a certain several-hour-long skype call with a certain person.
".. thank you for the clothes."
“A while ago, uh, you gave me a mixtape of your favorite Led Zeppelin songs. I’ve kept it with me, always. But I’d like to return the favor. So, with Sam’s help, I made you one. I-I hope you like it.”
yeah, yeah, this is a short one. Just setting up for the next couple chapters which are going to be so fun to write. Because... CHARLIE!
"-and because I can't afford to anger them or we will, once again, have a
--------------------------------------------------------
"I never knew that, Dean," Cas tucked the tape back inside his chest pocket. "You don't talk about your parents much."
“Cas, don’t you know how to, er- knock?” he says awkwardly.
Sometimes he used the old computer, stashed in the backroom for the staff to use on their breaks, and he spent most nights looking up Zeppelin song lyrics and memorizing every word, because he knew it was something Dean would smile about.
family, and he’ll be happy without you, Castiel. It’ll be heaven without you.”
Dean flared at the clipped blank tone of Cas's words.
Sam and Dean look happier than they have in a long time, and Cas takes comfort in their soft smiles. Sure, they still have the threat of Chuck weighing over their heads, but they have their son back. And Cas is grateful that for once in his entire, wretched existence, he had finally managed to do something right.
Cas responded with a wry smile. "I wouldn't dream of it."
Dean's face brightened, and he strutted out of the room, fists raised in victory. "Awesome. This is. Awesome. Pack your bags, Cas, we're going to Hollywood."
says those things- he makes me feel how I want to make
Eventually, Lawrence locals would begin to gossip about the dark haired man, standing near an honorary gravestone, trenchcoat fluttering faintly in the breeze, dripping puddles in the rain—until those townspeople too, did not exist any more, and the headstone crumbled into dust and the dust was lifted from the ground, and still…
"And it's a good thing we're about the same height. My sasquatch-of-a-brother's pants could probably pose as a friggin
-Charlie
lying there in the mud outside the closed portal, and thinking
Dean looked straight at Castiel, his best friend, the one he
Dean arrived at the Casa Valentine Inn in a happier mood than he could have thought possible. While Sam paid for their room, Cas helped him bring the duffle bags up the white-rung stairs, through a black door labeled with a fancy gold '7,' and into what was perhaps the girliest motel room he'd ever seen. And that was saying a lot, considering just how many motels he'd visited in his lifetime.
So he only clenched his fists together tighter and tighter, until the tips of each finger turned white. "I'm not sure what you wish me to say, Dean. If you would like to talk about it, I will listen…"
Dean shrugged. "Well, yeah, I guess that was part of it. Lee was actually a hunter, so he understood the life." Dean sat on the edge of the pool table, and Cas joined him, the edge of his trenchcoat settling only a few inches away from Dean's hand.
“Hold on, Dean,” he shouts, listening to the ringing tone. “Hold on!”
"It doesn't matter. Just… I've seen a few of your memories. Before."
them to be popular. Their existence alone was enough of a nightmare.
“Dean, are you cold?” Cas asks worryingly.
"Yeah,
And Dean had believed, for so long, he'd go out bloody. He'd go out swinging. That's what his dad had said, anyway.
to feel something. They were going to need more.
Blue eyes dart around the room, and Janitor Boy clears his throat awkwardly. "I- saw you in person. I, um. I come here a lot. At night."
“I love him.”
Dean bit his lip, trying to hold back his laughter. Helplessly, it burst out in a snort, and he gripped Cas's shoulder to keep himself upright. Cas just looked all the more distraught at Dean's reaction, and he frowned as Dean doubled over in stomach-cramping laughter.
Eleven months after the Deal was made.
Dean considered the idea, and he couldn't deny that he was definitely interested. "I don't think I'll ever get to the point of knowing how to 'reconstruct every fiber of your being,'"—
But he’d dialed the number anyway, watching as Cas’s phone buzzed in his other hand, the screen glowing blue, his own name at the top.
“Dean- the ring.”
“No problem.” Jack shoots Liv a sunny smile before climbing in.
She was also very impatient. "Sam it's
The voice stops for a moment.
"Cas? You said to call you when we began research, and uh—well this is our call. I hope you can hear me."
Dean shouted, on the verge of fainting. The blood was rushing to his head, the asphalt swirled before his eyes, and he didn't know if it was because of dizziness or because of the tears now steadily trailing hot streaks down his face.
A laugh. "Yes, Dean. Yes, you are."
Sam felt bad ending the call in the middle of her happy chattering but he honestly hadn't understood most of what she'd been saying. Also, his eardrum did
He remembered the first time, after falling, instinctively reading out to feel Dean's presence.
The lamp appeared in front of Dean on the bedside table, completely whole. Not a single piece of glass was left on the wood floor.
So many men. And so many whispers. They had to whisper, after all. Couldn't be caught in the act, even if they were paying.
"Samm, this is silly. You know you could just
Dean's first answer came out as more of an incoherent squeak than a real word, so he gulped and nodded instead.
Dean gestured at Cas's pocket. "A lot of her favorite songs are on that mixtape, you know."
Dean felt a hot tingling flush creep up his neck, the uncomfortably warm sensation settling like a blanket on his skin. He was suddenly very,
“So, here is what we are going to do.” Even though the boy is so young, his tone is deadly serious.
“I think that is quite enough, Mr. Winchester,” she says as she taps Dean’s forehead. He drops his phone as he faints, vision going dark.
Charlie rolled her eyes. "First we have to figure out if this is real. How far along Dean is with his, ya know,
Dean bites his lip, and pats the small box in his jacket pocket, just to make sure it’s still there.
Sam decided to skip through the 'we're hunting a Cupid' conversation, and moved on to the next paragraph.
He holds onto Dean’s hand as long as he can. He dreams of strangers, frantically talking over his head, of watching Dean’s body being put on a white stretcher. He dreams of moving, and looking up at an unfamiliar ceiling, full of faces and bright lights and tubes.
“Yeah, Inigo. Y’know— every time I watch this movie, I wonder how the hell he didn’t die. Stabbed in the gut once,
And also, a thousand times more painful: but... isn't that what fanfiction is all about? *sad guilty laugh*
Sam stopped reading, as he didn't have any particular interest in reliving his withdrawal-from-demon-blood symptoms.
Cas blinks, glancing tentatively at Dean’s expression. “Yes… I- I know it is customary among couples to call each other by affectionate nicknames. I didn’t know which ones you would prefer, so…” he wets his lips nervously. “Would you rather I only call you Dean?”
Cas closes his eyes, resigned to his fate.
Blue Eyes obviously senses Dean's discomfort, and stammers on defensively. "It's easy, with the keyring and I don't have the right supplies at home. I- I'm an artist, and I just— this is only place I can get the right stuff. So I've seen you, okay?"
"I found us a case." Sam motioned at his computer and folded his arms.
“I-I couldn't tell you, Cas made me swear on it, I’m so sorry—'' Jack's eyes suddenly well up. He takes a deep breath. “I’m going to bring you to the bunker. I have a plan to bring Cas back.”
Had it really been years? He didn't know anymore. The thought quelled his glee only slightly, but most of the lightness remained.
They'd told Sam about their engagement just before he'd left to meet up with Jody, and it had gone just about as Dean had expected. Hugs and teasing all around.
Castiel had lived through much. Several billion years, in fact. And yet he knew that this past year would be perhaps the most memorable of them all.
It wasn't long before Charlie returned with their food—and a plan. She'd obviously spent the drive thinking it over, and making a mental list in her head, which was good, because Sam had no idea where to start. Finding Dean's secret note-stash had been a daunting task on its own, but now that he knew about Chuck's books…so much to do, and so little time.
Cas waits outside for Dean, swinging his arms at his sides. But he can’t get the image of the toned hunter out of his head.
Charlie reminds herself.
"I am not a nurse, Dean."
“Dean, lunch is ready. Do you want to eat with the guests or upstairs?” Cas calls through the kitchen.
Dean used the line very rarely, of course, because however cheesy, it wasn't the sort of pick up line applicable to any random chick. Excepting Anna, who had used it—very successfully—on himself, Dean had only tried the line twice before. Once with Jo, which obviously hadn't panned out, and once with an overly perfectionistic university girl he'd met at a restaurant the night before 'the biggest test of her life.' She said she'd been studying for weeks, but still expected imminent failure, and seemed rather adamant on expressing her concerns with overly dramatized expressions predicting the end of all things, including but not limited to, the world, the universe, and her future.
“Got it,” Dean mutters to himself, and ignoring the shrieks, and the blackness and the risks, he prays.
Cas experience. But first things first.
He learned that Cas had many different kinds of smiles: the slow, soft, creeping smile that never reached full potential, but lingered on for several minutes before fading. The split-second smile, arriving quickly with a quirk of the lips, then disintegrating. The secret kind of smile, that was pointed towards Dean, small and content, peaceful because they were here together, sharing in this memory that no one else would ever know about.
Cas can’t say anything, for fear that a scream will come out. He only nods, and Dean’s eyes shut for a moment. Cas barely hears the next words, he is focusing too much on Dean’s closed eyelids, imagining how it will look when—
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Dean said nothing, but Sam could sense the building frustration. "Fine, well…" Dean flopped on the bed, stomach first. "Did you call him yet?"
“I realize now. That’s what being human
“Still not too late for coffee, perfect! C’mon, let’s go before Sammy steals all of it.”
"Yeah,
"Dean, I remember how to knock. Angels do not easily forget," he stated earnestly.
Even with Amara, who was supposed to be his 'deepest desire, his one and only,' it had never felt real. More like a compulsory illusion. Amara was the direction he was supposed to walk towards, but he hadn't. Instead of chasing after Amara, he'd chased after Cas. He'd spent countless nights trying to find a way to expel Lucifer. Even more nights drowning in whiskey bottles, praying ceaselessly. Not to Amara.
know this song? It's a classic."
Sam looked up startled. "It's uh, it's Rowena."
wait, here it is—'
♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
Five months since the deal. Jack’s second birthday. Cas and Dean are shopping for his party.
He grimaces at the sight of the half-melted butter. “I still do not understand the appeal in spreading strange chunks of cream onto foods.”
Thank you guys for your support and interest. You guys are my motivation.
Dean grips the blue tie tighter in his fist, and Cas heaves forward, pressing his lips against Dean’s cooling hand, the hot tears finally flooding from his throat, from his chest, from his eyes. They fall one by one, melding invisibly with the dark pool of blood collecting on Dean’s stomach.
And Dean is speechless, the words drying out with his tongue. But he doesn’t need to speak. He needs only to listen. To touch. To be
can figure out, but the song stubbornly speeds onward, shattering and splintering lyrics into his thoughts, a wasp's nest of words buzzing and humming mercilessly.
Dean looks up from the half-burned pancakes to see Cas staring intently at him, arms folded on the countertop in front of him. So Cas is truly serious about this. Apparently.
Cas tilted his head, regarding Dean carefully. "Was this friend of yours… were you close?" He said the word like it meant more than Dean had implied.
Someone had to save Dean Winchester, and if no one else would do it, Castiel was more than ready to accept the honor.
'SUP, BITCHES!
Grudgingly, Dean broke eye-contact and turned his lingering anger towards the interrupter. "What."
activity John had ever really let him participate in, other than watching cartoons on cheap motel TV's with Sammy.
“Dean.” He swallows. The room is so quiet, Dean can hear every breath. But there’s no reason to rush.
Amused, Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed another towel, and began rubbing his hair dry. "It's okay, man. You know what, don't worry about it. Glad you're here. Uh, what was it you wanted to say?"
“Can’t wait to get out of this friggin’ hospital,” he mutters, and Cas’s lips twitch upwards at the familiarity of Dean’s grumpy morning behavior.
Cas holds out his left hand, displaying the ebony ring. “Dean. Let’s get married. Right now.”
“The point is that I do not see your human behaviors as something to be revolted by. I see your blemishes as nothing more than everything that makes you human.”
"Rowena? What the hell does
Well it’s finally here: the next chapter that y’all have been begging us to release. :D
Dean must be experiencing his own repressed desires…
No doubt: Sam was curious. But this research had crossed the line several hours ago, and Dean deserved to keep a few secrets. The guy had been through enough. It was about time both of those idiots got some happiness.
Sam thought as he went to unlock the bolt. He had a lot of questions.
Dean breathes with relief.
And Dean will never admit it…. But it’s a pretty genius system. Hunters staying at his and Cas’s B&B are constantly chatting over ‘Sam Winchester’s new research findings.’
"Do you want to know the secret to living a long and happy life?"
"She was training me."
I never thought I'd write a 90k+ word fic. Like Blu said: I never would have believed it, if someone told me, 5 months ago… ha.
A whisper shouldn’t be so painful.
Dean gently grabbed the trenchcoated elbow before he had time to realize how closely they were standing: his laced cargo boots enclosing one of Cas's polished dress shoes, his own thigh pressed into the back of the angel's leg. A rush of nervous excitement pounded through his body, and he realized Cas wasn't resisting the touch.
that can reside inside a simple human body.
Dean mouths the last word to himself, smiling softly at the image of Cas’s bewildered face the first time he heard the nickname.
to be a good man. Besides," Cas noted in a firm, determined tone, "I have acquired a moderate amount of dirt on your brother throughout the years. I am sure he would not have anything unkind to say to you, when he himself has been keeping secrets of his own."
. It was
it would never be real?”
He learned that Cas liked to fiddle absently with the cloth of his sweatpants, that his back would tense and straighten when the movie reached a climactic point.
And all they saw was the bad-boy flirt, who skipped classes because he was 'too cool for school.' Not because his dad beat him so badly the bruises went far beyond the cover of his clothes.
Castiel stared at the multicolored wall. Questioning. Wondering.
Dean slapped a hand to his forehead. "
He bit the inside of his cheek, focusing on Cas's soft fingers, the warmth…
Of course Dean didn't want to forget about it. Dammit, what he really wanted to do was grab the friggin idiot by the trenchcoat and kiss him breathless and settle his head beneath the crook of that stubbled jaw and whisper apologies again and again, a thousand times.
But I think… I just really needed someone to believe in me.”
"Huh." She strained her neck to get a look at the angel and Dean almost laughed at her confused expression. "Well, I gotta be honest—" she handed him the second tray. "I was kinda hoping you'd… stay over here. So we could chat." She leaned over on the glossed counter top, and Dean suddenly noticed how blue her eyes were. Not the same as Cas's though. More of a gray-blue.
“Yes.”
"Cas, I don't need you to relive this for me. I know what it's like—"
Dean pulled himself into a sitting position and smirked at Sam, one eyebrow raised. "I toldja: son of a bitch won't answer the phone."
"so get this: Dean you remember that case we did when we were younger? With dad, the one with the vamps and the weirdly obvious attacks?"
Lucky he'd wrapped it tightly.
Dean cleared his throat, and walked over to the short stack of movies. "We've got.. Tombstone, Back to the Future, Back to the Future three—"
to Sam and Dean Winchester’s epic bromance.” It tosses the blade from hand to hand, obviously enjoying watching Cas in agony. Dean grips the trenchcoated shoulder tighter, sending a prayer he hopes Cas can hear.
Dean almost laughs, but his breath dies away as Cas’s free hand reaches up, curling into Dean’s hair with just the right amount of possessiveness.
as the third wheel, right after happily proclaiming his desire to be a hunter. Of course, the angel hadn't truly known what the phrase meant, but it was ironic, considering that
That footnote, his time with Dean: the only glimmer of happiness in a library of memories.
Sam's phone rang from the inside of his jacket pocket. Dean glanced over curiously as the phone was fished out.
Sam was surprised and a little hurt to hear the anger, the threat, in Dean's voice. "Okay. I won't."
Dean held up a finger, interrupting Cas mid-word. "Don't say it. I promise I'll expose you to all the chaotic idiocy of game-show television later."
“We’re just damn glad to have you back.” he says gruffly.
Hunting had been Dean Winchester for as long as he could remember. Retirement had always been a joke, nothing more. He knew the truth, or what he'd
a gift, and besides the keys to Baby, the best Dean could give.
. That's all that mattered. And someday, maybe he would look back on his weakness, and wish he'd had the strength to say goodbye instead of holding on.
Sam sighs, looking exasperated, but it’s in a good way; his eyes twinkle and his lips pull upwards at the corners.
The memories flood back as Dean feels a sharp aching sensation in his abdomen. The empty. The blade. Cas, holding him gently as they lay on the dungeon floor, so close to death. Then being moved to the impala… and Cas, telling him everything he ever wanted to hear.
“Dean, honey, no,” Cas reaches forward, caressing Dean’s cheek. “It’s okay, we’re okay. We’re in the hospital. Jack’s here too, don’t worry. Sam and Charlie are in the waiting room, sleeping.”
Love y’all. Thanks for sticking with me ♥️
It had always felt natural, building deep relationships with guys instead of women. Other than Lisa, he hadn't had a long-lasting relationship with a woman since… well,
The kiss tastes like blueberries. Cas must have been sneaking handfuls of them while the pancakes were cooking. Apparently, they are his new favorite food.
," Cas sighed, his shoulders sinking. "You're still talking about Rexford, aren't you. Dean I told you i—"
But with beauty comes the inseparable anxiety, the knowledge that someday, you might lose the beauty, might fall out of its orbit: you might fuck up so badly, that beautiful thing won't be yours to look at anymore.
And he had stopped it. Whatever was happening, Dean obviously hadn't been okay with it, with any of it, and Cas didn't blame him. An angel, a
"Uhuh." Sam could hear the suspicion in Dean's voice.
"All of them."
“Dude, live a little. Who knows how much time we have left, let’s party!”
Sam looked up from his computer, feeling like that third-wheel best friend in all those rom-com movies Dean made him watch, his eyebrow raised in exasperation at the sight that greeted him. The two idiots had just finished their weekly ritual which consisted of yelling at each other until eventually the cursing and insults gave way to agonizingly lengthy make-out sessions using explicitly their eyes—sessions which always managed to contain an unbelievable amount of sexual tension. Sessions which, for unknown reasons, always managed to occur while Sam was around.
“Well, back to dreamland you go, feathers!”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAN WINCHESTER. You deserved better.
"At least I don't look like a lumberjack," Cas grumbled, and Dean was the one who looked affronted this time.
They walk up the counter, Dean noticeably going faster. He orders his food and then sits down on a nearby bench to people-watch the farmers’ market crowds.
It’s a comfortable silence. Until, of course, Dean makes a loud excited noise.
Janitor Boy obviously doesn't find it quite as entertaining. "Oh and sneaking into a random college at night
Then he remembers he’s supposed to be offended. It’s awfully hard to be offended though, since Cas is completely right.
“—but your sorry ass wouldn’t be standing here if it weren’t for me and my brother. So—” Dean pushes his way through the door, and pulls a piece of paper from his jacket pocket, shoving it in front of the man’s wide pouchy eyes.
Charlie sits in the front seat, hands fiddling nervously with the first-aid kit. Dean is lying in the backseat, his legs bent upright to accommodate the small area. “Cas, are you going to be okay in the backseat with Dean- I need someone to make sure he’s still-” Sam stops speaking, and Cas nods quickly, understanding. He climbs into the back seat, laying Dean’s head across his lap. There is blood everywhere. Too much. Far too much.
So good that Cas will know just how much Dean wants to love him, endlessly, and boundless.
Dean gaped at her, trying unsuccessfully to mask his conflicting emotions, and she chuckled. "Hey, I have a sense for these sort of things."
“Yeah, go ahead.” Cas turns the knob and realizes Dean is
After playing around with as many dangerous, possibly cursed, objects he could find, Dean had insisted on bringing the damn thing into the map-room. Of course, Sam had been busy with the rather exciting activity of unboxing crate after crate of forgotten lore, scribbled notes from the original Men of Letters, and the occasional tape-recording, which he had to force himself to save for later.
"Cas. You don't have to
went through…. They got the happy ending they deserved. For good, I mean. That- that their ride into the sunset wasn’t the last happy moment before everything went wrong again. Before one of them dies, or gets injured beyond repair, or…. I just want to know- that their rightfully stolen happy ending… isn’t stolen back from them.”
can sustain before falling into a comatose state.
and SO SO SO SORRY it took so long we were on kind of on a hiatus cos Charlie and internet problems for a few days but we're back!! So, enjoy!
Dammit. The feathery dude always could see through his walls, but it didn't hurt to try. It was almost like putting on a show. Acting out a part. The part of an optimistic, cheerful guy who could afford to enjoy a good meal without worrying about life and death. The kind of guy who slept at night, instead of lying awake, brain screaming ceaselessly about the deaths of everyone he'd ever loved. The kind of guy who didn’t have a drinking problem because he didn't need the alcohol to numb away every day of his whole damn life.
"Yeah man. Thanks for… being here."
They didn't know what it was like, hearing voice after voice, Scottish accents, British, female, child, whispers, even his own voice occasionally, all fighting to take part in the cacophony of Dean's thoughts.
“-then why didn’t you show me, Cas,” Dean whispers, his eyes squeezed shut against the pain, and Cas can see a single tear slide down the side of freckled cheeks, falling onto Cas’s black slacks.
Because once again, there was that word.
She stopped typing, lost in thought. "Dean has
It’s been almost a month since the rescue.
Once again, those two words had shocked him out of his thoughts, pushed him into reality, into life. He wasn't alone, and his thoughts no longer echoed.
Dean closes the large metal door behind their backs, and turns to join the others in the center of the circular dungeon. The room is dark, but Dean can still make out the worry in Charlie’s nervous expression, and he gulps back his own terror.
Cas eyed him carefully, as if Dean had offered him the friggin’ Impala. "Are you sure?"
"Yeah, okay," Dean rubbed a hand through his hair, exhaling deeply.
The first week passed, and another. Cas didn't mention the gift in all that time, and for Dean it was agonizing, wondering if it hadn't been obvious enough, wondering if he'd messed up, overstepped, made a mistake.
Dean hadn’t even screamed. He didn’t even seem to hear Cas shouting his name. His jade eyes flickered, mouth open in a breathless expression of surprise, and when his knees hit the floor, head falling forward, Cas thought for one foolish moment that this had been a dream after all.
man, I'm begging you, I can't do this without you. And.. I don't- I don't know where you are but if you can hear me, I- I’m so sorry,
so... yeah. Um. It's been forever, I know. This chapter will be worth it though!! (it's 10k words ahah kinda got longer than we thought it would!)
The black door closed with a sharp click, and dean stared after it, as if in a reverie. He wished he could feel angry, pissed off, like he usually did. Then maybe he could move on, get up, get dressed, and get on with the day. Anger was destructive, but at least it felt better than this…. nothingness.
Thank you all for your wonderful, thoughtful, motivating comments and kudos. Seriously: you guys have made me smile so many times, and your comments mean more to me than you'll ever know.
Dean grins.
You guys are amazing, seriously.
faggots
"I don't like to drag other people's feelings out into the open like this—"
It was too much to hope for that Dean could actually be able to see himself as Cas saw him. But he knew Dean thought best while driving Baby.
Sam gritted his teeth.
"Uh-huh." There's that signature Jody Mills mom-tone again. "Something's definitely up. Spill."
Cas waited to hear a rebuttal, but Dean stayed silent.
But he hadn't said these words for himself. He'd said them for Cas. And if Cas didn't feel the same way, Dean could accept that. And he would try to fix what he'd broken, even if it might take years to get their friendship back.
"Why not? Dean isn't hurt, is he?"
“Dean?”
Dean had never told him, hell, he'd never even
Cas was still looking at him funny, so Dean coughed up the first lame thing that came to mind. "I was just going to say that this is nice. You know. Hanging out, just us."
these wonderful things that Dean never thought he'd hear from anyone.
Thank you Blu for being the fluff to my angst. We make such a perfect team, and I can't wait to keep writing with you.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah." Dean sighed deeply. "Maybe someday." But even he could hear the procrastination waiting for him in that
But what else was he supposed to say to teasing like that, when it hit so close to home?
Somehow, he didn't really feel like booze either.
The lyrics strum out of the radio, and if Sam were here, he’d complain about the volume, but Cas only smiles, shaking his head, and Dean turns the knob even further, belting out the lyrics with all the confidence and comfortability of one who loves, and knows he is loved, and such are the euphoric side-effects of those lucky enough to experience both feelings at once.
"No, Dean," he shifted his position yet again, this time inching just barely towards Dean's side of the bed. "One time wearing those ridiculous boots was enough for me."
“I-I told him I love him, a-and, we fell asleep together, and now he’s gone, Sammy, I fucked everything up, I-I don’t know what to do, I-”
The sweetbreads were ignored for the rest of the evening.
Hannah, was sitting with exceptional posture in front of him, waiting politely for Cas to settle himself into the other chair.
Still, he managed to get a basic understanding, and began making a list.
(See the end of the chapter for
There was static for a moment, until Dean spoke impatiently. "
to exist.
for unexpected visits
He hung up, and Dean looked over again. Suspicious. "So? What'd she want?"
It had been the best and worst year of his existence, loving Dean in secret, knowing that one word could push him over the edge.
The Empty, wearing Dumah’s face, contorts its mask. “You?”
It didn't take Cas long to find the diner where Sam had purchased their burgers the night before. He remembered the logo pattern on the wrappers, and there was only one of its kind in the general vicinity of their motel. Although he could have appeared immediately within the confines of the building, Cas had had far too many experiences dealing with terrified humans hurling their food at the strange extraterrestrial being who had accidentally apparated in front of their table.
Cas droned on about his excessive, possibly unhealthy obsession with Hawaii's collective range of insects, and Dean smiled fondly. He'd never seen the angel look so excited. And about the simplest thing, a freaking honeybee, for God's sake.
The two inch closer, and Dean can practically
AND VERY SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT:
“And I love you.” It’s so quiet it’s almost a whisper.
"I know Dean. Just please let's drop it." Even Cas could hear the stiffness in his own words, but Dean continued to stammer belligerently onwards.
for each other, all the while wearing nothing but a pink fluffy bath towel, Cas's presence was more humiliating than anything else.
"Nah. You know Sam. We'd just get in the way."
, you’ll need to sit with Dean in the back. Jack, wanna sit up front?”
Dean laughed bitterly. "I loved the kid, don't get me wrong. But we didn't get along as well back then as we do now."
"Yeah. Well." Dean let out a small breath, almost a laugh if it hadn't felt so resentful. So strained. "I want you to know, Cas, I didn't give them to you because they're my parent's favorite songs. I gave them to you because—"
That's what Cas had said. The description kinda seemed to imply innate junkless-ness, and Dean realized now that he had been pushing Cas into doing something no angel had ever done without facing harsh consequences.
Perverted Guardian Angel watches suspiciously, as if he can't decide whether to sit down and listen, or grab the guitar and smash it against the nearest trespasser. "I dislike that nickname. I only watch you to make sure you don’t do anything stupid."
"Dude. Seriously?"
compliment one another more honestly, and far more often. Someday, I think I should like to walk the earth and pass out compliments, like—like those nice salesman who give free samples of their wares. Dean, you remember—"
For one thing, Cas never calls him 'pretty.'
You have no idea how very very happy your comments make me. even the jibberish ones, I just love reading them, and I wake up every morning excited to reply to every single one BECAUSE I LOVE YA'LL SO MUCH. I am so grateful.
"Stop right there," she held up one finger, and Dean could see a feather tattoo on the inside of her wrist. He wondered, for a brief moment, if there were more, but the thought wilted away with little interest. Looking up, he expected to see annoyance. But she was smiling; softly, and Dean thought he could see a familiar
—would love to have you with us on this one. Especially if it's anything like last time."
When the last kiss eventually breaks, Cas doesn't step back. Their foreheads press together, the tips of their noses brushing, hot breaths falling onto each other's lips, and Dean huffs out a weak laugh. "Well, that was unexpected."
Cas grimaced, placing the sandwich back in its container and wiping his hands on a napkin. "I suppose you could say there is good reason for this particular item's unpopularity."
feel embarrassed but the feeling leaks in like an unwelcome heat, a coiled spring in his chest tightens.
Maybe that IS what happened,
Dean held back a laugh. "The saying—'it doesn't ring a bell.' But you were kinda close."
FINALLY! SOME FLUFF AND HAPPINESS!
“Cas.” Dean clears his throat, forcing the words to appear, if not by instinct, then by force.
To his credit, Sam does his best to look confused. "I wasn't talking to- Eileen, I was… unpacking."
The once faithless man prays to save his guardian angel’s life.
“Cas- this is new. I get that,” Dean nods, meeting Cas’s gaze. “And it's going to change everything. And I want that, believe me.”
"We're making brownies! Claire says they are 'out of this world.' I am not sure what that means, but they are… certainly messier than we anticipated. And she keeps talking about a 'secret ingredient?' but she won't tell me what it is."
Cas is jerked back to reality by Dean’s voice.
Sam stayed up late, as usual, his laptop screen glowing a bright blue in the dark motel room as Dean tried to get some shut-eye.
He can feel it coming, knows what Dean is about to say. He knows Dean is terrified, knows it can't be easy confessing love to a crying angel.
to consider heaven's wishes-"
Dean can't move. He'd been sitting near the shattered lamp for what feels like years, back pressed against the bed, elbows propped on upright knees. He can't remember the last time he blinked. Just staring straight ahead, existing dimly, the waves crashing and fading…
Pot brownies, batter fights—maybe
Cas smiled innocently, and spread his arms as if showing off his new outfit. "All better?"
The three at the kitchen table hear the other man on the phone quiet for a moment. “What are you saying, Jack?”
"Okay. Fine. Anything then. I don't know… the
Those memories were buried, and they would stay that way. Dean could never know what had almost happened, what he'd almost done. Every time the bell jangled above the Gas N' Sip's door, every time he'd felt that low, anticipatory swoop in his stomach, every time it was repeatedly followed with dismay at seeing a stranger's face instead of Dean's, the '
So Cas sat back in the chair, more contentedly than Dean had seen him in a long while. There was almost a slight smile on the angel's lips, and Dean found himself staring.
Cas thinks of Dean again, wondering how the hunter will react when he learns of the deal. When he learns that once again, Cas has abandoned him.
When the sun starts to set, Dean excuses himself to go home.
Dean took a breath to keep from snorting. "Um, sure. That and the fact that no one would want to go into your room for fear of being stung."
Dean. Because… all those things I gave up, all the things I did, I was trying to
"-Dean? Are you… alright?"
But he knows that would be pointless. There is only one option. One chance.
For the first time since the start of their conversation, Dean looked mildly alive. "Should I ask what happened, or—"
Just a cold, dead body, abandoned by everything that made him alive.
The memories of that night at the motel made Dean grit his back teeth again. He could almost feel the bruises, hear the shouting, and his dad had dragged him out of the motel room so the neighbors couldn't hear and the
"Hey, you okay?"
"I doubt lessons on such topics would be any less confusing than your constant onslaught of pop-culture references and odd phrases," Cas assured him in a dry tone.
"uh—show me what?"
It meant that he was
"I assume your friendship was ended due to your nomadic lifestyle?"
"Dean?" Cas strides through the bunker's passages, trenchcoat flapping behind him in his hurried pace. He'd told the Winchester's he would visit in the morning, and here he is: but apparently, Dean is still asleep.
-------------------------------------
Is he SMILING? He's smiling. An angel is smiling… about a burger.
Was this what jealousy felt like?
This is a new kind of bond. He may not be able to read Dean’s soul as he used to… but this intimacy is far better. It’s a promise.
Val Kilmer was stepping out from under the trees, smoking a cigarette, and Dean smiled a bit at the famous line.
She scoffed, and raised an eyebrow. "I
Dean thinks giddily. And yet, husband does not seem to eradicate the other titles. Rather, it encompasses them, combines them.
It felt weird walking into the golden afternoon light after having adjusted to the bar's dingy atmosphere. Like exiting a dark movie theatre, and you just assume it's night, but then you see the sunny daylight pouring in through the doors, and there's this odd moment of confusion, like you've gone back in time to an earlier point in the day.
"Cas." Dean was almost ashamed to hear his own croaky voice. Still, the angel refused to look at him, eyes turned towards the younger brother in the chair.
“Oh, please—Clarence, even
Cas's head snapped up so fast Dean thought his vessel's neck would've cracked a bone, if Cas was human. "About what?"
Fear that Dean would lose interest in him. Fear that Dean wouldn't care. Fear that Dean would feel like a stranger. And the constant fear that he would never again feel their bond.
It was overwhelming. But Sam didn't have time to be overwhelmed. His instinct told him it was real, without a doubt. His memories, and observations certainly did. And the books….
Dean scoffed disbelievingly.
“Yeah, no problem!” Charlie says.
His brother shook his head, confused. "Sam, it's just vamps. We've killed vamps. We
Before Dean really thinks about it he's curling in closer to Cas, pushing him against the map table, closer, closer—
Sam groaned. The Supernatural books had ended with Dean going to Hell. Castiel the angel hadn't even been
And worst of all, it reminds him of the disgusting men in greasy truck stop bathrooms.
“-Ah. But that is exactly what Fake-You would say, isn’t it?”
The angel squinted in understanding, and nodded sharply.
Dean takes a breath, and massages a hand through his hair. He knows it looks sex-level-messy at this rate, but he also knows Cas seems to enjoy the look. ‘The messier the better,’ according to him.
," he whispers, and he knows then, in the way Dean grips his hand tighter instead of letting go. In the way Dean wets his lips nervously, as if preparing to say something.
hi guys!! blu here!!!
Dean blinks upwards to see Cas’s gaze sweeping over every inch of his skin, slowly, as if savoring, as if remembering. “So beautiful,” Cas whispers again, blue falling in line with green, and Dean tries not to scoff, because it’s
After rolling Dean into the van, and locking the wheelchair in place, Cas sits in the seat next to Dean, holding his hand.
what you would look up, I mean—" she swung herself onto the map-table, feet dangling over the edge. "—you're just starting with all this Destiel stuff and I've been at it ever since I read the first book with Cas in it and I mean there's some
John had said.
It wasn't a case. It was punishment, of the cruelest kind. The kind that said "
Poetic words too, that Dean can hardly believe, but he can only be glad that the word 'pretty' never leaves Cas's mouth.
Dean corrected himself.
“Is this true?” Blue eyes drag to green ones. “Have you really loved me all this time?”
"I wish…. you could see, Hannah, what I see in them. In him. Then maybe you would understand, maybe you could realize, that for me: there is no decision."
How do you find words for something so insignificant, when the only words that ever mattered have already been used up?
But Cas let go far to soon. "That is why they are now my favorite songs to listen to. I've been listening to this tape ever since you gave it to me, and I don't think I will ever grow tired of it," Cas admitted fondly.
Charlie was right. There was more than enough evidence. Probably more than Sam should have known about, but as Charlie had said: they had to find out if this 'thing' was real.
“So, Dean. Yesterday was such a rush to get you stabilized, we still don’t know how you got stabbed. Can you tell me about it?”
I can't stop thinking about Destiel. Every damn minute, I just can't focus on anything. I try to be productive, but I just end up writing more fanfiction because it's the only thing I feel able to do..... UGH. Also: 20k words! I'm only 1/3 of the way through my plot-outline. Oh my jack
Enjoy!! ♥♥♥
But outwardly, Castiel nodded. He would need to put thoughts of Dean aside for now, in order to achieve even the minimum amount of concentration required for any polite conversation.
voice. It isn’t a very noticeable change, to a stranger, they would think nothing of it: perhaps his throat is sore, voice higher than its usual graveled tone.
As Hester once said, “When he first laid a hand on you in Hell, he was lost!”
His words are interrupted by Charlie at the door. “The car’s ready.” She’s breathless, her face red and puffy, and Cas realizes in almost drunken amusement that all of their hands are now covered in Dean’s blood.
The words tumble forth more for his own comfort than anyone else’s, and Dean gently lifts Cas’s limp body, cradling the angel against his chest.
"Bells, Cas."
No. I’m not in love with anyone, so could I be hungering for it?
He could've sworn there had only been orange and red swirls the night before, the colors shaped like flames, reaching up in deadly tendrils towards the glowing lightbulb: a mosaic of hellfire only inches away from engulfing the lamp.
Cas sighed. He could hear hushed arguing behind the swinging door. It might be a while. He tucked his hands within the pockets of his trenchcoat and waited, wondering which movies Dean had picked for their evening.
the next chapter is going to take a little while to write, but I am SO FRICKING happy to announce that my awesome friend and beta reader, Jupiticas, will be adding in some of their own written scenes!! So: VERY EXCITED FOR THAT. It's going to be worth the wait, I promise.
Cas’s voice is stern as he speaks, but a deep dread fills his center. “I’m the one you want, I’m the one who woke you up.”
Even in his best memories, there had always something in the background of his mind, a stain that stood out from everything else. And that stain… one glance at it, one thought, and every moment of his horror-story life would come flooding back.
"Like…" Dean tried to remember one of the many questions he'd been stockpiling for years, all about Cas. "Before you saved me: what was your life like?"
No. Dean took a breath, remembering who those words belonged to. They were not
She sighs. “Really, Dean, this is getting
"Oh."
"Sam—" Dean tried to argue more, but Sam grabbed the angel's shoulder with a nod, and they were gone.
Cas's sky eyes locked unblinkingly upon Dean's. "That's not true."
Cas exhales a breath of relief, and gives Sam a grateful nod. “Yes, if you don’t mind, I would prefer that. Sam knows all of what happened, and I would like to be alone with Dean right now.”
tactic, or the most believable, but it was all he had. Plus, it helped stall for time.
Dean stepped out further into the main room, chills cascading over his skin in separation from the overly humid steam-room he had created. The angel followed, confused. "Cas…. Where's Sam? Did you see him when you arrived here?"
Turning the door handle, Cas paused, and without glancing back: "Dean. I am sorry."
There were too many doubts, and especially, too many fears that he'd end up just like his Dad.
"My dad knew that, he knew how close we were but I guess he just—he didn't know everything." Dean laughed bitterly. "Actually, the only thing he
Dean muttered.
order?"
And yet, there Cas had waited for the Righteous Man, standing behind the counter of a dingy Gas N' Sip, because as much as it hurt, being Dean's disposable assistance was preferable to the alternative.
"Man, what's up with you lately? You're never this squirrely."
as a genius," Cas grumbled petulantly, "I willingly admit to being a novice at this odd game of mathematics."
“Bondmates,” Cas agrees, with a soft hum.
“Sir, if you don’t mind, I was just asking Mr. Winchester and Mr. Novak about what happened yesterday morning—” Liv looks annoyed at getting interrupted.
Maybe if I focus on each single atom in this table, the thoughts will stop, maybe if I just don't look at him—
“Don’t mind if I do,” Dean says when he reaches the grassy bank.
Married, you mean like— today married?”
Cas is sitting in an armchair right beside his bed. His face is gaunt, and he has a bandage on his neck, but he looks happy. He’s holding Dean’s hand.
The next chapter will be ALL HAPPINESS I PROMISE.
"Dude if you already know everything about 'em, then why are we watching this?" Dean chuckled.
“S-Sam?”
Dean knew these things to be true, because he knew what lived inside himself, he knew the danger that waited around every corner, and so long as Cas was with him, peace was unattainable.
"I'm sorry but—" Janitor Boy bites his lip awkwardly. "I must know. How did you get in here?"
"Sorry," he muttered, noticing Cas's widened eyes focused unblinkingly upon Dean's death-grip. But Dean didn't let go. He'd made that mistake too many times already.
It was a joke, and an easy out, and Cas knew it. But thankfully, he let it slide. Dean didn't really want to go into the symptoms of internalized biphobia.
Cas only frowned, flicking his gaze to Dean's finger, obviously confused. Dean groaned, grabbing Cas's limp hand and hooking the angel's pinky around his own. "K, see
Dean grits his teeth, holding back the tears.
Sure, there’s so many reasons why he and Cas are real. Obviously.
And ever since the empty, Cas has been saying these
He'd walked up to Dean's door, but it was then that he heard it: that piece-of-crap ancient typewriter Dean had saved from the garbage when they'd first moved into the bunker. Sam remembered the day well. Worst migraine he'd ever had.
“Whatever.” She rolls her eyes. “Care to share a drink?”
The realization doesn’t feel as shocking as it should.
And now—with one simple spell and a can of blue spray-paint, Sam had unknowingly put Cas’s entire existence back on the edge of the knife.
But Dean knows better.
“Dean.” Jack’s young voice is firm next to Sam. “Cas didn’t leave on his own accord, I promise you. He made a deal, and the terms were met today.”
Dean smiles a bit at the image. "But I don't know—"
"Not that I don't appreciate it. I do, but—"
“She did mean it as a compliment, kid. And coming from Claire— that’s huge.”
It was almost too much, too much for Dean to soak in, and he spent the rest of the movie sneaking glances at the angel sitting across from him, at the blue eyes filled with life, at the ruffled dark hair, still sticking up oddly around the ears. At the soft shirt—
He'd died enough times to know what it felt like though, and this—
say that would make Dean forgive himself. Dean Winchester remembered the things done to him by his enemies, he remembered the crimes made against his family, and those memories never ceased to cause pain: but nothing haunted Dean like the mistakes he'd made himself, the regrets of past decisions….
"But you know that is not true, don't you, Castiel? You know that Heaven's orders, that our eons-old commitments, assigned to us by archangels nearly as old as God himself… these jobs are what truly matter. We must keep Heaven's traditions, follow our ingrained instincts to do the right thing, to make the moral choices, even if it is difficult. Even, perhaps, if it seems wrong."
Toys were magically murdering children while they played, and it turned out, it was the spirit of a young boy who, for some reason, thought it would be a good idea to leave his connecting item in a
“And,” Dean points at Jack. “We know where Michael is.” He leans back in his chair, directing his attention to Cas and looking almost suspicious. “Not quite sure how you pulled that one off.”
Leave your thoughts below, but I warn you: I will not be giving away spoilers ;) I can only promise a happy ending
Dean stepped out of the shower, towel wrapped around his waist. "Oh really? Then how come you almost killed me with a damn shampoo bottle?"
Dean raised his eyebrows. "um… I guess, yeah, that's one way to put it."
A group of late-afternoon customers poured stepped through the door, winding their way around the two men. Dean tried to move out of the way, but Cas secured a handful of Dean's shoulder.
"Dean." Insistent. "Do you want me to show you?"
They pulled into the parking lot of the motel. Dean could see Sam through the window, doing stretches, of all things. May as well give the weirdo a few more minutes.
. A job.
He plucked the black sphere from its group and held it to Cas's face with a crooked smirk. "This one can't be sunk until
John had shrugged, as if it were obvious. As if Dean deserved…
Cas's quivering hand was now gripping onto Dean's, like a child terrified of drowning, and Dean wondered how an angel could look so
a mixtape. Back in his school days, professing your interest in someone truly was as simple as making them a collection of your favorite songs.
“No. In their real forms, I mean.”
Go to https://wordhtml.com/
too many fanfics on the archive and it's just so
a literal
Cas only smiles sheepishly, and shrugs, digging his spoon into the ‘salad’ once again.
“Okay, weirdos. I’ll be back later.” Dean unties his apron and throws it at Cas’s face, who doesn’t even flinch, and Dean bites back a grin watching the angel just
left me
. It's… sharing our favorite songs, and talking about the things we've been through, and teaching each other new things, and helping each other out of stupid situations."
"I KNOW what you meant, Dean." Cas forced out a smile.
When you love someone, time does not age them. Age does not change them. And appearance does not matter. When you love someone, truly love someone, their face is no longer theirs, but yours also.
Dean had been his beginning, his middle, and—he'd thought—his end. His glimmer of happiness had become the cause of his death.
So this chapter is mostly Blu's beautiful work,  and damn, ya'll are lucky I have such a merciful co-author, cause this chapter is pure happiness thanks to them. (!!!!!! something you're not used to, I know)
“How are your paintings coming along, Jack?” Cas asks, and the boy’s eyes light up even at the mention of his favorite hobby.
But it could be half a foot or ten miles away; Cas’s depth perception is completely thrown off. He starts to crawl anyway. Dean is behind that finish line.
Dean's head snapped around, to where Cas was standing about a foot away, his belt buckle staring straight at Dean's head level. The hunter took a breath, and pinched his brow.
Liv sighs, and re-adjusts the tubes. “I really should have expected this— after the other one’s reaction. He did the same thing you know, soon as he woke up. Actually—” she frowns at her wrist watch, “just about an hour ago. We had to bring in the doctor and another nurse just to keep him from leaping out of the bed.”
“So, Eileen, have you thought of baby names?” Cas asks softly.
Dean stands up quickly from his chair. Too quickly. Cas flinches upward in his own seat, eyes wide and worried. "
At least until he could buy Cas his own pair.
Cas hummed a small laugh. "I suppose it would not be practical to house honey bees inside. They would need to pollinate."
“You mean… after they rode off into the sunset?”
"Let me out. This is important, Sam!" Cas was almost shouting, and when Cas shouted, it was bound to be serious.
Sam rolled his eyes, sighed, and swiveled in his chair to face the trenchcoated angel.
So red is beautiful after all. But it can’t be beautiful alone.
ALSO:
might be getting suspicious. I can call them again, tell Dean I want to sleep here for the night—"
Cas didn't say anything, but Dean could tell he was listening.
Only, it
Sam repressed a smile, biting his lip. He knew Cas and Dean shared a 'profound bond' or whatever, but sometimes it seemed as if Sam didn't even exist. That was alright with him, honestly. He was glad Dean had a—
Being with Dean is a feeling Cas can’t afford to forget. Can’t afford to miss.
and I treated you like crap."
Cas’s trenchcoat is drenched in the dark red stains, and Sam notices a strange, fading blue glimmer flickering inside a deep cut on the angel’s throat.
Cas frowned. "And I want that? —spin?"
Cas peered closely at his pool stick, then at his hands, brow furrowed. "Dean I don't think I'm doing this right."
But sometimes, on especially drunken, sleepless nights, he wondered if a pistol would be too quick. If perhaps, he deserved something slower. And he would consider the many knives, the little cuts he could create, knowing that if he did it slow enough, maybe the pain would make up for everything he'd done to Cas.
To her credit, Charlie managed to hold in her laughter. For eight whole seconds.
Three months since Cas made the deal.
want them dragging it into the garage for 'inspection' like they did last time."
“What?” Liv says, snapping her head around to stare oddly at the group, and Cas speaks quickly to cover up Dean’s mistake.
"What?"
Dean swallows back a torrent of cuss words. Cas looks awful. Like he’s woken up in the middle of a battle, exhausted and half dead, legs shaking as if he can’t stand without the empty’s support, and his eyes—
A pair of darkened blue eyes meet his with an accusatory stare. Yet there seems to be… a focused familiarity, as if this is not the first time they'd locked eyes.
Cas almost thought of reminding Dean that angels didn't
The everyday rarities.
All the happiness that comes from just being,
," Dean agrees, giving Sam a mock-serious nod. "I bet there was a lot of unpacking being done over the past few days."
Dean coughs in his throat, gagging on whatever the hell it is Jack decided would be a good idea to make. “Jack- uh—”
He couldn't count the number of times his Dad had said that to him.
“So yes. Of course. Always and continually yes. Your proposal was rather awful—” Dean breathes out a quiet laugh, “but- just to be with you, I'd agree to anything. I wasn’t lying when I said you were my everything.”
“Gotta call Sammy,” Dean murmurs, pressing the heel of his hand into his eye.
His favorite voice.
The three hear the bunker door close, and Sam and Charlie sit down while Jack gets plates.
Focusing on lining up his next shot, Cas replied distractedly, "You know I do not take that term to be an insult, Dean. Though used negatively, the nickname actually refers to someone of high intellect, often in a specific category or subject." He glanced away from his shot to raise a skeptical brow at the hunter. "Nerds are only lesser-appreciated geniuses. So…."
He held up his pinky, and gave Cas his best attempt at a serious expression. "Pinky promise."
meaning.
Cas presses most of the clean cloths to the wound, applying pressure with one hand. His other hand curls through Dean’s hair, fingers desperately trying to comfort the shaking man beneath them.
and those words hurt worst of all, because they were memories.
"—anyway, I gotta go Old Man, Kaia's got a handful of—" the call cut off the rest of Claire's squeal, and Dean growled in frustration.
that's what Cas had said once. Easy for him to say, since compliments seemed to be one of his natural abilities.
solid forms anatomically similar to humanity's.
"wow." Sam had walked in, and apparently, experienced the same thoughts as Dean had.
"Oh well, thanks for adding a nice layer of creepiness to the moment, Cas, I was getting tired of the chick-flick vibe," Dean grumbled sarcastically.
Dean smiled a bit, remembering when he'd tried that line on Cas. The night before they'd trapped and faced Raphael. Their supposed 'last night on earth.'
sleeping." Charlie finished, mischievously, and Sam smiled at her excitement.
The memories from the night before crashed through the wall in his mind, leaving Dean helpless to their agonizing torment, their punishment pressed down on his chest, his lungs, his body, leaving him suffocating and gasping muffled breaths of remembrance into his hand, trying to stifle the panic.
Dean felt the voice surging forwards again, eagerly reaching out to snag him in his weakened state.
Dean flips her off as he gets to his feet. “Oh, shut your face.”
"I purchased the three least ordered items on the menu," he stated simply.
Dean couldn't move.
And then Jody found a case.
“Can I come in?” Cas asks.
Sometimes Nora talked to him, and she was nice, but she was nice to everybody. And sometimes she said things he didn't understand, and he would automatically tuck the reference away in his mind, memorize it, so he could ask Dean later what it meant. And then of course, he would remember that Dean wasn't there, that for the first time since lifting the Righteous Man from Hell… Castiel was truly
The Home feeling seeps from the bunker’s walls, and into the fallen angel’s lips, and Dean realizes home was never a ‘place’ after all.
it so badly his chest ached for it, and he didn't know how, but even if it only ever happened once, even if tonight was the first and the last time he could make it happen: he wanted to be the
Dean realized with a nervous pang that Cas was still hovering around the chair, obviously unsure of where to sit.
Dean’s own expression suddenly gets very serious and he stares at the boy intently, eyes narrowed. “Hell
"uh," sam tried to sound like he couldn't care less. "she was just wondering what we were up to, and if we needed any spells. She sounded bored." He shrugged.
Nothing.
She squeezed Dean's wrist once more, with meaning. "Remember what I said."
"Dean." He saw Cas's lips forming the word, and took a breath, pulling himself from the brink.
Dean freezes in place, his hunter instincts taking over, assessing the situation. It’s all too familiar. He remembers the last time he’d been inside a rift like this, remembers the way it had ended. Cas standing outside the portal, Dean turning to make sure he was safe, and then seeing Cas’s silent scream, the harsh celestial light streaming from his open mouth and burning blue eyes, the long blade pierced cleanly through the angel’s chest.
So Sam made a smoothie, cleaned the bunker, and settled down with his laptop for some non-sexy, totally non-weird research. Actually, if he was being honest with himself, his search engine had endured much weirder.
She stops, seemingly taking in the scene. “Who’re you?”
And then it had all faded—and he’d woken up alone in a bright room, and Cas hadn’t been there, and he’d somehow fallen asleep again, but it hadn’t felt like sleep.
So dean forced himself to get out of the car. He forced his feet to walk up to the door, to open the handle. But he couldn't force himself to return Sam's greeting. He couldn't force himself to look behind him, out at the car parked in the driveway, and so he didn't see.
It stands up, moving to a position right in front of them, and Dean realizes the shadowy black hand is still gripping that strange ebony blade.
The same as he did? Did he feel that way towards Cas? Did he… consider him as more than a friend? Was he in love or was he just desperate for affection, and Cas was his best friend, and did he actually get crushes on men or had he just been so damaged that any kind of attention ever given to him had been taken out of context and romanticized? Would he ever truly feel that way towards Cas, or was he just grateful to have a friend who was still
Alone with Cas. Who was obviously upset and might just end up leaving again and there was nothing to investigate and they'd just gotten in another fight and—
"No, Sam, I'm here."
The words don't feel bizarre, being spoken out loud to an empty room. Spending ninety-five percent of the day talking out loud to oneself tends to rationalize the concept of vocalizing thoughts to a non-existent audience.
Cas reached out to meet Dean's eyes, and Dean didn’t refuse.
“Yes, I am human, but I don’t regret it so don’t you
in my gut. Like I was missing something- and I didn't know what, but you know what it was?"
That road had turned a corner.
Dean shakes his head, his smile growing.
"Dean." Cas reached across and gripped Dean's wrist before he could grab for the nearest distraction.
“Yeah, you got it, good job— now you’re gonna ask if you can come in,” Dean chuckles.
And Cas realized he
Perhaps if he had never tried it, he'd still be wishing for it. Still be waiting, wanting, yearning for it.
Dean wonders if this guy was born in a corporate office or something. Or any place that lacks even an ounce of humor. "Okay, well, who are you then. What do all of your uppity royal janitor friends call you."
that he had already conducted quite a bit of research. That bought him a couple hours…. Which he'd already spent. However, they also thought he'd been searching for the book. All in all, Sam figured that with a couple more excuses, and another sleepless night….
“But—” the nurse stops, seemingly thinking it over. “Fine.”
smile. Cas could probably say the same for Dean.
I have to stop this,
"Cas, don't uh—don't step there." He swallowed, trying to sound less croaky.
"I would remember, Dean. I remember everything. But that name doesn't strike any gongs," Cas said seriously, while focusing on his target.
The two other customers in the store glanced over curiously at the sudden exclamation, but then resumed their browsing. Cas felt his body temperature climb higher, and he flickered his gaze away from Dean's face, knowing the truth was far too prevalent in his own eyes. He grit his teeth, trying to shove away the images and memories that Dean's words had surfaced.
Perhaps for most people, three days into knowing someone isn't quite long enough to warrant love. But for hunters, whose every day could be their last: three days was more than enough.
When he finally spoke, his graveled voice was neutral, but Dean could sense a deep anger behind it. "I would ask you how your father reacted, but I think I already know the answer."
He realized this would normally be the moment in which he greeted Dean with an embrace. Probably not appropriate for the current situation.
Cas sighs, returning to his pancakes. “Apparently this is yet another reference I do not understand.”
He is too quiet. Cas can feel the chilled wooden door through his thin t-shirt—Dean’s, of course—and he pulls in a breath, but it’s not enough, and he can’t breathe in this stifling silence.
And in that crucial moment, when life turns to death, one second living, the next gone, washed from existence…
Dean glanced over at Cas, the epiphany hitting hard and yet refusing to sink in.
The Empty’s cold eyes dart around, thinking, then it utters a single word;
It meant crossing out all the good things that had ever happened to him because his life had become such a nightmare that even the 'good memories' seemed suspicious and tainted.
Those words were the start of it all.
They slid into the impala, doors slammed simultaneously. Sam realized Dean was sitting awfully still, as if hesitant to leave. He rolled his eyes. "Dude. Jack is going to be FINE. Can we get moving already?"
"Oh boy. The point is, Cas, yes of course, I
words and the feeling of hearing them…
Talking about this… the idea of actually doing it. It feels right. And that’s all he needs to know.
"Dean, what does this mean? Who is this… 'she'?"
"This advice is also applicable to anyone who wishes to avoid death by choking," and his comment was rewarded with more loud hacking coughs from Dean.
"We still had our clothes on and everything but, he…" Dean swallowed, remembering his dad's reaction. "He knew."
"Yeah, her. The night I took you to—"
. But it’s also not enough for the exact same reason.
time and suddenly it’s all ‘do this’ and ‘do that’ for the rest of forever, huh?”
Meg tilts her head in mock sympathy as Cas struggles onto his elbows. “Not so much. Just a rental, really.”
Dean takes a deep breath, heart bashing against his ribcage, and walks forward, meeting Jack near the black expanse of wall at the back of the room.
“What do you think happens next?” Cas asks, his voice low, soft hair tickling Dean’s neck.
“...I fell in love with every part of you, at every moment, you have never been some object of my desire. You are always beautiful to me, because you are the one I love.”
Dean laughed through his mouth-full of meatloaf—which honestly tasted pretty good. "I wouldn't. I was just saying—ah never mind."
The empty clucks its tongue, moving to stand in front of the rift. “Cas, Cas, Cas. You’ve always been the
But still, even seeing Cas's reaction, Dean couldn't regret his words. His truth. The things left unsaid stay with us forever, but the truth, once revealed… Dean could do nothing but pray in agony for the rest of his life that it could all be forgotten: forget the realization, the knowledge that his truth was the most unfortunate and self-destructive thing he possessed, for it could never be healed or changed or realized. Only opened, and torn into with ferocity and inevitable disappointment.
Dean thought vaguely, amused at the image of Cas trying to perform surgery. What a mess
But Dean's disapproval, his revulsion, back in that sigil… they were friends. And cas would far rather uphold that friendship, constant pain withstanding, than lose even a second of Dean Winchester's company.
"Oh." Dean blinked down at the movies, and laughed sheepishly. "I guess I forgot that one. It doesn't matter, I can just explain the plot. Also got the Princess Bride."
"Why didn't you explain this to me when we began?" Cas asked, amused at Dean's surprise.
Sam smirked, amused, and Dean spluttered at Cas's self-satisfied expression. "I don't—I don't act like, like—
Sam frowned at Dean's clipped, empty tone. Something had definitely gone wrong. "I figured… you're the one who usually has better luck in that area."
Cas hands Dean a blue cassette tape labelled with the words “For Dean, from Cas.” A teeny, inked heart is drawn next to the text.
on his bad side."
“As you wish.”
Sam almost drops his cellphone to the floor in a panic, but his hands are steady. He’s trained his whole life for situations like this, after all.
It seemed hours before Dean pulled himself up off the doormat, and stepped into the motel room, but the clock on the nightstand told a different story. It had only been eight minutes. The punctured holes in the motel door glinted like little windows into the outside world, throwing tiny circles of light onto the wood floor.
“Dean, when I say you are beautiful, I only mean that I didn't fall in love with your skin when it was clear from gashes and scars and blood. I didn't fall in love with your eyes only when they shone with happiness. I didn't fall in love with your sleeping face only when your mouth remained shut.”
'thoughts’,
liked
Cas grits his teeth, ignoring the cold and the weakness of his vessel. Being in the empty for this long had already taken its toll: his body is reverting to a comatose state, refusing to move properly. He focuses instead on Dean’s pleading words, imagines Dean’s face in front of his—
How many times in the past year, no,
Dean, just
It must have been only a few minutes, but after what seems like several hours, Dean emerges from his room again, this time fully dressed.
not enough, and
Sam looked up from his "salad," watching the two of them with an amused expression. "So, Cas how long do you think you can stay?"
There are no lace doilies at
“I may be pregnant, but I can still survive two hours,” Eileen jokes. “In fact, the hardest part so far is probably Sam’s incessant nagging.”
The words still reverberate around Cas’s mind every time he and Dean are alone together, the Empty’s promise lingering there, taunting him. It is the cruelest of contradictions: reaping sorrow through ultimate happiness.
Cas stood by the door, back turned to the shower as a show of respect, and refraining from coming any closer even though it was his desire to speak face to face. He always enjoyed his talks with Dean, even over the phone, but speaking to each other only inches apart, his eyes boring into Dean's uncommonly bright soul, was most preferable.
“Someone needs coffee,” Dean chuckles softly, sliding out from under the warm arm—despite an ensuing grunt of protest—and pads quietly out the door into the hallway, praying Sam is still asleep. It’s too early in the morning for his brother’s inevitable teasing.
Cas realizes.
"What are you doing?"
Cas lifts his head, but everything feels heavy. Then he spots it: the rift. It’s not unlike the one Jack opened when he was born.
be beautiful Cas, that’s impossible,” Dean rolls his eyes, and shifts on the bed to prop himself into a more respectable position. “Not when I’m sleeping. Sometimes I spit and drool and, I ain’t exactly a polite eater, and sometimes I wake up and I look like shit, hell, a
“I’m sure you would.”
Cas blinked, not understanding, and Dean pulled their hands from his shoulder, gripping them together tightly before speaking. "You, Cas. You're uh—" he cleared his throat, meeting the angel's gaze. "You're really important to me. You're family,
may be able to get by with no shut-eye, but I'm going to need at least a couple of hours. We also need to research—vamps? Right?" Sam nodded, and she continued writing down their to-do list. "—and most importantly, the
"Maybe you're right," Cas replies coldly.
Wetting his lips, Dean risked a glance at the angel. "Yeah. Well. Dad was right about one thing. I made a mistake, it was so stupid and we were drunk, I think, and it probably wasn't real anyway, we were both just such lonely kids and—"
“Jerk.” Sam rolls his eyes as he opens the back doors, a ramp pulling out. “So, Ca- ahem,
Dean looked at him as if he were an idiot. "Dude, did you hit your head or something? We literally just did that. Like a few hours ago. The locals had squat."
of the time."
Cas retreated to the bathroom, glancing curiously behind him before shutting the door. Dean gave him a grin, and a thumbs up, and flopped back down on the bed stomach first, watching the title screen of
Sam chokes on his coffee, and decides to change the subject.
Your comments make us SO DAMN EXCITED. Please leave your thoughts and jibberish down below, cause seriously: you guys mean the world to Blu and I.
“—by forcing you to remember every last
"dude, when have I
“I just- it’s funny— we’ve stood so close like this, so many times before, and never—” Dean’s words glitch, and he wonders if he’s presuming too much.
"Can I tell you a secret, Dean, if you promise not to tell another soul?" The angel sounded almost like he was joking.
to see Dean overwhelming every other doubt.
The words came out harsher than he had intended, and he could see their effect from the hurt look on Cas's face. The angel swallowed visibly, and Dean attempted to repair the damage before it was too late.
prefer," she shrugged.
Next, the players would usually flip a coin to determine who gets to go first, but since you're new…" he steadied his stick a couple inches away from the cue ball, aiming towards a striped yellow. He glanced up at Cas with a wink. "…I'll show you how it's done."
Obviously, he couldn't search for 'Dean,' because that would lead to just about every single paragraph in the books. Searching 'Castiel' directed him straight to Pamela's séance, which Sam decided to skip. There was no point in dredging up past guilt. He scrolled downwards, to the first time Dean and Cas ever met. Sam scanned the section quickly, knowing he had a
she bent over the map table, head buried in her arms, shaking with laughter. "
Two nuns were terrorizing a local church.
“Dude, I don’t know how, but Eleanor is by chance the cutest niece I’ve ever had.”
Better than good. “Oh, you are coming with me,” Dean mutters at the plate of fruit, and grabbing a leftover burger in the fridge, pads quietly down the hall to his room. It’s nice. Not to feel the need for a beer. He hasn’t needed to go for a beer run in two full weeks.
"Busy day, huh?"
"Wait, Cas, I just—shit. I'm not good at talking about these things, man. I just think—"
yeah. Where'd you learn to kiss like that anyway?"
A dark silhouette grabs hold of Cas’s wrist and pulls him forward, but they don’t collide; in a small explosion of black goop, and the quiet shatter of the bedside lamp, the two are gone.
in Charlie’s opinion, but the newly-engaged had been sincerely grateful for the gesture, considering the fact that ‘Jimmy Novak’ had been missing for years, Dean Winchester was wanted by every law enforcement institution in the nation, and Castiel, well— didn’t technically exist.
Dean huffed softly into Cas's neck, leaning their weight against the impala's side. Cas could have kissed him when he felt Dean's arms wrap around his own body, warm and sure. He felt a hand pat one of his shoulders, and Dean's muffled words of amusement. "
“I love you.” Dean whispers.
But Sam would be back by tomorrow night, likely with plenty of information on the vamp nest, which meant a hunt. As much as Dean liked this girl's bravado, he somehow doubted she'd be okay with beheading blood-thirsty vamps with a guy she met only a day ago.
Dean couldn't believe Cas could sound so matter-of-fact about this.
Cas huffs out a laugh, warm air into Dean’s neck, and
“But I know, I know— there are still so many things between us. Worries. Doubts.” Cas bites his lip, and lifts a finger to gently wipe away Dean’s tears.
"Dean," Sam said seriously, "quit it. It's Jack."
Sometimes this program is glitchy, and you have to re-italicize everything INSIDE the word editor.
She was, in fact, very much a badass.
"I don't know man, I mean, personally, if I had to choose between eating something that tasted like molecules, or something that tasted like barf-soaked intestines, I'd go for the molecules."
Dean coughs and tries to look appropriately puzzled. “So… what?” Sam gives another look of smug amusement, eyebrow raised.
“Last year, when I was, when I was dying, Cas made a deal with the Empty. In Kelly’s heaven. It was going to kill me, but Cas offered himself instead. The Empty agreed, but it wouldn’t take him until he felt true happiness. As a form of extra punishment, I guess.”
And sometimes, the fake characters made him smile… but smiles don’t mean happiness.
Red is the color Dean has felt on many occasions with strangers who weren’t looking for a home.
"I don't bite. Get your feathered ass over here."
"Of course, Dean. I promised I would."
Dean found the right key, and turned the ignition. "You know what? No time like the present." He shifted gears and reversed out of the parking lot, heading onto the golden-lit road.
to kill him. And then it could be over.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Blockbuster."
"-oh." Dean blinked, and tried to think of something else to say, but nothing could fix what he had done, no words could make up for how Cas had been forced to live.
. What am I supposed to think about that?"
Dean had tried to explain. But he knew then: Cas hadn't gotten the point. The damn point had flown right over his feathered head.
Dean hums happily into Cas’s mouth, nudging deeper into the kiss, and oh, it’s never enough, but tonight— it’s
“I’m not, Cas.”
It’s the most real, profound, thing on this planet.
His brother.
Cas boops her on her nose. “Hello, Eleanor. How are you? Preparing to be a good big sister soon?”
Dean stumbled over his own thoughts. Hell, he didn't know what to say either. What do you say when you missed your only conceivable chance to admit love for your angel best friend who didn't know you were in love with them because
Swallowing, Dean clenched his keys tighter in his fist. What was he supposed to say to something like that? Luckily, Cas continued speaking.
And fists clenched, as if to keep himself from reaching for a blade.
Sometimes, Cas found himself regretting that he hadn't chosen a female vessel. Perhaps then, Dean could have loved him as Cas wished to be loved. Perhaps they could've had it all.
Dean thinks as he presses his chest flush against Cas's, their lips only centimeters apart, and still—
TV was the only thing that made him feel as if he didn’t exist.
"and I'm sorry it took me till now to say it," Dean's words had by now faded to whispers, but the room was quiet, and this wasn't the sort of thing that required volume to create meaning.
And if that didn't work… whiskey was always an efficient alternative.
Only he realized now that Cas hadn't been
There is only Sam; the brave and level-headed brother who pulled them both from blackness with his quick thinking and enduring strength.
Was it foolish to think that maybe…Cas had been trying to say something more?
“Y’know, I think someone wrote a sequel. Buttercup’s Baby or whatever.”
“You’ve been a real cosmic pain in my ass, you know,” Meg swishes the liquid in her goblet, regarding the shivering puddle of trench coat with one sharply raised eyebrow. “So I’ve decided to torture you for all eternity—simple revenge, I’m sure you know how it goes—”
“Uh, a pink granite boulder? About six feet tall. Should be in this area.” Cas replied.
“I just—” Cas laughs. “I can’t believe how much better my proposal was.”
Dean smirked. "It's like a movie shop, Cas. You can rent movies for cheap."
She gives an accusatory squint in Cas’s direction. “I assume he was trying to see you, although he kept saying ‘Cas’ instead of ‘Clarence.’”
Cas leaned forward, closing his mouth around the fork, and Dean tried not to go wherever it was his mind wanted to go.
Dean shrugs. “ I mean- I guess. There’s just… a lot of
"The things you said, the things I heard you say to me—" Cas's voice broke, weak and low, and Dean could see the angel's hand shaking.
innermost feelings. John had obviously inflicted more damage than Sam had expected. It seemed that every time Cas's name popped up in his brother's thoughts, their father's words did too, like a packaged deal of constant torment.
The old Dean would have been furious, humiliated, when Cas found his private letters. But after everything they’d been through….
"I'm sorry if I did not respond in the appropriate manner," Cas said, as if once again, reading Dean's thoughts. "This gift—it is the first one I have ever received." Cas stared down at his hands, as if his confession was something to be ashamed about. "I did not
"Hey. No embarrassment over singing Zeppelin. I do it all the time." Dean grins, and pulls Cas up from the chair, folding one hand into his, and sliding the other around his angel's waist. Cas seems taken aback by the gesture, but doesn't resist. He laughs a quiet huff of breath into Dean's shoulder.
Cas was looking back at him, head tilted—
"the day we walked through town hunting for those cursed rocks? Yeah I remember, buddy." Dean gave Sam a look. "You really missed out man, it was like free-food-sample day or something."
Dean shakes his head.
Dean had never loved anyone enough to do it himself, but he'd always wondered what it would be like, giving a real gift to someone truly important. He'd spent more hours than he cared to admit making lists of all the songs he'd put on a mixtape if he ever got lucky enough to find that someone.
Dean barely looked up from the dessert. "Sure, buddy. What is it?"
-------------------------------------------------------
Instead, he smiled as Cas rolled his eyes and returned to the movie. Dean felt a spreading, welcoming warmth filling within the confines of his body. He couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this…
I don't know, fella. Why don't you just get something you know she'll like?"
"Y'know, I think your sense of humor is improving, Cas."
He dreams of a long endless highway, of too much silence from the man next to him. He dreams of going home.
He never knew he could be this
-Charlie
"And I always have."
Dean didn't know what to say. "Well, hey," he said in an attempt at humor, "if you hadn't interfered, I'd still be downstairs doing the hellfire rumba."
Sam smirked. "You remember where it took place, the job with Dad?"
Dean has another surgery scheduled to get his stitches removed. How they’re going to scrape together the money for that, Dean has no idea.
Sam listened nervously to the sound of Dean's breathing. He really wished he'd had the foresight to come up with a better cover story.
“Yeah, right back atcha.”
Dean thought. He tried to meet Cas's eyes, but the angel kept looking down at his lap, fidgeting with the strip of cloth in his hands, as if it were the only thing keeping him sane, keeping him solid. Dean recognized the action well.
Jack digs a spoon through his concoction, showing Dean the individual ingredients. “There are also cherry tomatoes, onions, roasted peppers, and cilantro, lemon juice, salt and pepper. For spice,” he adds.
There's really only two things Cas has ever wanted. And one of them is still Dean's to give. He only hopes Cas likes the idea.
Dean tucks his hand inside the pocket, but there’s only the photograph of him and Sam. He frowns, but Cas interrupts, his voice patient. “The
And on and on. Cas winced at the onslaught of guilt and regret wrapping around each word. Being this close to Dean when he was upset with the bond open was like standing beneath a very powerful waterfall, the water pounding and pounding on his head and shoulders and he couldn't move or get out from under it.
Cas tilted his head in confusion. "Dean you are driving on a straight road through a flat field of grass with no trees and no other vehicles in sight. It is very unlikely any of us would have died had you driven slightly off path."
, hey
"Dean," Jody interrupts, amused. "As much as your adorable rambling amuses me, I can't help ya if I don't understand what the hell you're getting at."
But the dying are never given such a finale in real life. And no one talks about the silence. The endless ticking nothing that happens in the event of death.
Sam typed the word into his browser, and was immediately greeted by a website called "Archive of Our Own."
"Oh god." Sam groaned into his arms. He did not need to imagine—
They liked his pretty mouth. The way his pretty eyes looked up at them.
she was referring to…
And he'd lain there in bed for a while, Cas's arm hooked over his side, and wondered how two words could be so similar and yet so very, very different.
of fanfiction, and most fanfiction-Deans suffer from the same anti-conversation problems as the
Only it wouldn't be Cas lying on the table. It would be Dean's closed blank eyes, wrinkled with age, looking back at him. And someone would wrap the hunter tightly in a white cloth, and burn the memories into smoke.
“Cas, no, wait, you’re telling me…” Dean’s voice falters.
“Charlie- keep watch on Cas. I’ll be right back. Don’t let him try to get up.” They stumble out the door, and Cas wonders if it’s the last he’ll ever see of Dean. Any second— it could all be over.
Cas met his eyes with a fond glow of warmth, and it was a few moments before Dean realized they were standing in a crowded bar with a pool table between them, staring into each other's eyes. It was a strange feeling, as always, almost….
Sam knew that. Or he should. What the hell was his brother trying to do, humiliate him?
Hell, they'd be lucky to get
I can't- I can't
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A week later, Dean, Cas, and Jack are all discharged. Not completely healed, per se, but well enough to no longer require hospitalization.
"Dean?"
is Eileen’s,” he signs the words as well as speaking them. After 6 years of being married, Sam is almost as fluent in ASL as Eileen.
would be.
"Cas, man, you're obviously stressed. Can't heaven manage itself for a week or two while you're gone? Dean
," Dean hissed, not caring that he was muttering to himself in an empty room. "Well then what am I supposed to do? I can't have what I want, and I'm not—" his voice broke, chest crumpling inwards. "—I'm never going to be able to tell him—I just—"
He didn’t care either way.
Sam thought.
"Dean you've always been one for actions. Everyone shows their love in different ways. You should be glad you're different from Cas, otherwise the two of you would just be spouting compliments at each other all day."
The words wouldn't stop repeating themselves in his head, again and again they circled, and still, Dean couldn't grasp their meaning. Their
Jody flashes a grin as the door creaks open loudly, and Sam doesn't have to force his own smile: Jody is just the type of person who can bring cheerfulness to the most exhausted of 'fangirls.'
"Who is it?"
Cas couldn't help but feel lighter, warmer, watching the man's reddening face with amusement: and he passed his own glass of water towards Dean's frantic hand gestures, as the waitress had yet to return with a second glass.
Dean scoffed. "Okay, Eddie Felson, just take your damn turn."
Dean bounces his knee up and down. He can feel Cas squinting at him.
A hand at his shoulder, warm and solid. Dean tried not to spill the shots. "DAMmit Cas, how many times—"
The cleaning-lady had come by. Several minutes ago. Knocked on the door and let herself in. Dean hadn't had the energy to say anything.
Hannah regarded him patiently, as if sensing the tumultuous thoughts whirling in Castiel's mind. Then she spoke, "Castiel, I will be blunt with you."
Finally, one night when the memory-words were stronger than ever, Cas got up and went to the bathroom. He dug out the one razor blade he owned, and he wondered, strangely calm, if it would be sharp enough. There had been a crack in the mirror. He remembered it so clearly, because of all the nights he'd spent looking at his empty reflection, halved down the middle, staring into his own eyes daring himself to do it, that he'd suffered worse, that the blade would
He whispers the last word into Dean’s ear, lingering just for a moment before pulling back, and Dean finds himself incapable of forming a sentence.
Apparently, their 'eye-thing' had been no less conspicuous during that night in the barn, because the section included more than twelve mentions of the word 'staring.'
Dean sat back on the end of the bed, head in his hands. Who knew this trip would become such a nightmare. His watch read 3:00 pm. Not even dinner time yet.
But the strangers came and went, endless and empty. He couldn't even have the comfort of feeling their souls, and he wondered, if Dean came through that door next: would he feel just as distanced, just as closed off from his touch?
Twenty Minutes Earlier
The steady beeping of the machines are calming, in a way. Evidence that Dean is alive. And Cas knows he won’t let go of Dean’s hand… not now, and not ever.
The rest of the movie seemed dull, compared to watching Cas. Cas's reactions, his small, lifted smiles, his quiet laughs—when he actually understood the joke, that is—his focused, earnest attention to every little detail…
"Have I ever showed you how to play pool?"
An unfamiliar luxury at best.
the dumb smile on his face, but he doesn’t care. He breathes out a soft laugh, the bursting sensation in his chest becoming too much to hold in.
Your comments and messages.... you all mean more to us than I can describe. Thank you.
So Dean didn't laugh when Cas lovingly smoothed down the sleeves and tucked the belt into place. If anything, the gesture felt a bit sad. And also…
"Sam, man, I don't know what's gotten into you, okay, but I'm human: this trap can't hold me." he took a step over the glowing edge as if to prove his point, but was immediately thrown backwards, smashing into Cas's chest. The angel helped him up, and Dean blushed, remembering he was still wearing a single bath towel wrapped around his waist.
made by Blu and I, for you guys to cry over. <3
Dean thinks bitterly.
"Yes. And Dean…"
“Deal.”
But then he remembered his purpose for still living, his
“Nice to meet you as well, Atlas,” Cas shakes their hand.
Instead, he moved his hand downwards, folding his fingers between Cas's, and shifted around on the bed so he could look the angel in the face.
Cas heaves a defeated sigh of exhaustion, and Dean glances at the portal. So close. “Cas we gotta get going, we need to go now—”
But Dean only bounced his knee up and down nervously. "It's not that. I just—I was hoping Cas would be able to join us on this one, ya know? The dude's been working so hard for heaven, and I," he scratched the back of neck and sighed.
Dean pulls out his phone and dials Sam’s number, almost dropping the cell due to how badly his bruised and bloodied hands are shaking.
If anything, the memory made his ache worse, but it felt distant. Using time as a remedy was like putting a band-aid on a bullet hole. It didn't really work for anything except to cover up evidence of the damage, at least for a little while, until the memories seeped through again and a new band-aid had to be applied. And then another. Another band-aid. Another year. Until the only thing left to remind you of that bullet hole's existence is the rotting layer of bandages that you can't help but scratch every once in a while. And then you remember why they're there in the first place, and you scratch until it hurts, and you apply another layer, and you try to forget. Until the next inevitable itch.
He smirked. "Cas, there are two things I know for certain." he grabbed the nearest cue stick, and began polishing the nub. "One: Bert and Ernie are gay."
niece.”
is to your
Stay tuned!
they'd hiss as Dean Winchester sank to his knees on a grimy tiled floor, all for an extra twenty bucks because John had been gone too long and Sam needed to eat.
things, he never forgot. And he never forgave.
"No, that is impossible."
"Maybe if you'd been here more often, Cas, you could've, I don't know-
like, as if their first time was something to joke about when it was all Dean wanted anymore, just to
Cas smiled, eyes glancing down at the coat. "I am glad they did not, because I would have been forced to decline their offer." He smoothed down one sleeve fondly. "After all. This coat and I have been through a lot together."
- Blu
-------------------------------------------
Dean loved Sam, and had always considered Sam's protection to be at the top of his priorities: above everything else.
Trying to close himself off.
Cas knew his senses were overly susceptible, that the shampoo certainly wasn't that pungent to any human nose, and that unless he washed his trenchcoat, the scent would likely linger with him for quite a lot longer than was considered natural.
Cas cocked his head, and turned towards the bathroom door, from which he could now distinctly hear Dean's rough, but obviously content, voice. It surprised him, he had never heard Dean sing in the shower before.
