“Fair point,” Tony acknowledged the stranger. “Sorry, you just took me by surprise. Not many people have actually read the book; most have just seen the movie.”
The blond was, at this point, more than just convinced that he didn’t deserve someone like Tony. If even the whole cosmos didn’t deserve such a blessing of a person, to what degree did Steve deserve him?
A chorus of “Sorry, Nat” was heard from Steve and Tony’s spot on their couch.
Something in the sweetness, delicateness, yet sharp taste of the treat smacked him hard like a hammer and he was whisked away to a memory that was previously buried deep inside his head - and the one thing that his mind could think of when he took another bite of the dessert, was his mother.
Their current scenario consisted of something that felt too fictional — too much like a fantasy to be truly real. It was almost like if Steve just closed his eyes or drifted off in some way, he would wake up, only to find out that it was all just a complex dream — one that he created in his mind just to fill the empty hole in his heart — a hole that had been filled ever since he had met Tony because he was almost absolutely sure that what his life was right now, was totally and completely real. Still, it didn’t
Although the library was often too quiet for his taste and full of college students with their textbooks stacked a mile high, Tony still found himself somewhat liking its calm but tense atmosphere.
The blond chuckled but obliged, and their lips met in the middle again.
“Then why did you leave me?” Tony choked as a single tear managed to slip down his skin-soft cheek.
Steve had never forgiven himself when he figured out his huge-ass mistake. Neither did he forget the description of Tony’s defeated form that Pepper had ululated at him when she broke into the house to approach Steve about what he had done.
but I have no idea what the other words mean. And quit panicking! Yes, I brought him some of your other foods like your cannoli and risotto and maybe yo—”
“I got approached by and offered a deal with a talent scout last night after you… left. He told me that he wanted to take me to Broadway for a real job. A real acting gig.”
“We can practice together! Just so you know, I know this musical like the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus,” Tony quipped and Steve could only smirk, fondly.
Warm, sparkling brown eyes stared up at him as the person currently in his arms smiled and led him across the dance floor, their feet automatically moving in the desired directions. A golden and cardinal-red mask framed the stranger’s eyes and covered the upper half of his face in a glittering composition of iron-like metal and bits of sparkling gems, that twinkled like constellations under the aureate and flourishing glow of the chandelier above their heads. The only things brighter than this person’s mask were the shimmering, hazel eyes that they possessed — the exact ones that were looking up, charmingly, at Steve.
although you were never entitled to me in the first place. You’re everything I ever fucking wanted but just couldn’t keep, and you’re just so inconceivably perfect because you have every worthy part of me memorized, because every word that you utter makes me want you back even more than morally possible, because every mistake you make, you somehow fix to be better than it ever was before. And now that you’ve brought me
So he did, and it felt like it was composed of the most perfect combination of magic, miracles, and fireworks. Heaven only knew what Tony tasted like after just admitting their feelings for someone who had the exact same feelings towards him, and Steve swore on his life that he was literally tasting heaven right now.
Tony quickly shaped his own wall of snow before rapidly forming snowballs and flinging them at Steve.
Unexpectedly, Steve fluttered open his eyelids, and lovingly beamed down at the flushed person who was wrapped up in his arms.
ovens and that many differently-sized knives? Because he’s a millionaire and can afford it, that’s why.
entered his mouth and came into contact with his taste buds, he wasn’t exactly surprised or in shock of how wonderful the flavor was like Rhodey had promised he would be. In fact, it was quite ordinary: lightweight and fluffy, with a combination of vanilla and chocolate flavored-base with some sort-of cream filling. Honestly, it was quite nice and Steve was very open to eating some more o—
start of my career. The once that I’ve wanted, the one that I’ve always dreamed of even though my dad clearly disapproved of it and constantly reminded me all throughout my life that it was a bad choice.”
group of friends, one of them — Natasha Romanov, to be more specific — had figured out about Tony’s “extremely-fucking obvious,” crush.
Steve beamed and turned to face the university’s 19-year-old, resident genius and gestured towards the board.
“Hurry up, Tony!” Steve said as he hauled Tony across the carnival to ride the Ferris wheel. “I’ve got a surprise waiting for you at the very top.”
“Hold on, everyone,” Steve announced as he rushed over to the team’s colossally-sized, shared kitchen — courtesy of their resident genius, billionaire, ex-playboy, and philanthropist — and popped out the various snowflake and Christmas tree-shaped cookies.
And if time suddenly stopped right here, at this moment, with Tony leaning against Steve’s side; not even a millimeter apart, and the genius’ hair sticky from the cotton candy that they were eating, — which just so happened to be the exact same shade of pink as the glowing, entrancing, magical clouds that were floating up in the sunset-sky, above their heads — Steve honestly wouldn’t care at all.
"Tony... I know how you feel about bonding. I meant what I said. You don't need to sacrifice anything for me. I'll be fine."
He let out an exuberant whoop as he leapt off the edge of a roof onto the sloped roof of the neighboring building, but when part of the roofing crumbled beneath his feet as soon as he landed it drove a surprised breath out of him and he began to slide.
Tony frowned.
"Sir, there is a visitor down in the front lobby that I believe you may find of interest." JARVIS interrupted Tony's mild panic to project security feed from the ground floor. The video showed the woman who ran the front desk speaking to a tall blond that Tony immediately recognized as Ty. He was accompanied by a younger woman who was gesturing franticly as she spoke.
Fury had suspected he wasn’t right, because when he'd asked Steve to join the initiative he'd said so.
He’s a tom now. A buck. A bull (Frankenstein’s creature). But some of those old instincts are too deeply ingrained to go away. He doesn’t get heats, but he gets attached to things. Certain scents. Certain people.  They get under his skin like an itch, and he gets caught in a loop of intense urges to possess and protect, all of it culminating around the insane idea that anyone and anything could ever truly be
"Good morning Tony." Rhodey called pointedly to his back and Tony couldn't resist jabbing back.
s, it will be generations before we are truly equals in the eyes of humans.” Princess said with a hint of bite in her tone. Her smile was full of teeth as she finished with a shrug. “Tony’s not that patient.”
There’s someone assigned to fly the jet back for them, and normally Tony would protest at having some SHIELD grunt handling the Avengers private jet, but he let it go on account of the fact that Natasha (who was suffering some pretty serious burns and a sprained wrist) was giving off an unmistakable aura of temper that he wasn’t about to test anytime soon and had glared at him like she might kill him if he said anything.
He has no whiskers, so if the woman doesn’t sell to him it’s not because she has any sort of prejudice against kats with jobs and money of their own to spend. It’ll be because he’s an intimidating stranger and a scowling one at that.
Tony caught the bartenders eye and signaled for another drink.
So far so good, only the now familiar headache that came with expending his brain power in untried directions was pounding behind his eyeballs so he was grateful for once that Steve was so uptight about mission protocol.
“We should have been called out to deal with them.” Steve snapped into command mode and Tony swore everyone in the room stood up straighter. “I know our jurisdiction is primarily super powered threats but now that we know these people have access to technology like this it’s officially our business.”
It’s feral. It’s dangerous. It’s a queen on the brink of heat who has just had their territory invaded and it means people are going to get hurt. They just had to make sure Tony wasn’t one of them.
“Please, the kid cries. I only knew enough German to get by with a few barked orders, but there are certain words you learn quick because you hear them so often, you start to hear them in your sleep. Please, the kid chokes, And Bucky jest holds onto him, repeating the same thing over and over. 'You’re free. You’re free'.
He started with where he could feel the familiar press of Bruce’s emotions. Like usual he could almost hear the whisper of Banner’s thoughts, muted and muffled as if just behind a door, and he figured it was a good place to begin.
Her family had fought (and did nothing but fight) near the end, split down the middle, tensions worsening and worsening while cooler heads desperately tried to keep the Pride together. Pride means family and you don’t turn your back on family no matter what comes between you. Her dad taught her that.
In the beginning Zero had fought, but in the end, despite all of his promises to the contrary, he chose the fire of the furnace.
“Hey Bruce,” Tony called out after a moment of thought as he finished up his bathroom business. “Do you think the fish cravings are an extremis thing, or am I just turning into a walking stereotype?”
But did he want it?
"Fine," he relented. "I may have deviated slightly from the plans Helen and I drew up together, but in my defense Cho is the top of the line geneticist not the engineer on this team. She's being overly cautious. I know I can increase the Cradel's productivity without compromising  the integrity of the womb, and as chief engineer on this little project I gave myself the greenlight."
The familiar voice of his A.I. filled his head and Tony was speechless for the first time in his life.
YOU MUST FOCUS, AYEBA. IT IS IN YOUR NATURE TO FIX WHAT IS BROKEN, BUT THE WINTER SOLDIER IS DANGEROUS AND MUST NOT BE UNDERESTIMATED.
The sound of someone clearing their throat stopped Tony mid-rant. Tony and the six kits who’d bamboozled him into reading a Christmas story all turned and looked up to find Bruce standing in the doorway, looking down at their pile with an expression that was part wary and part amused.
Intellectually he knew all the very good reasons they were taking things slow and waiting to be sure before taking such a monumental step. But all Tony’s biology seemed to care about was that he loved the dude and by rights they should be making a home for themselves in every crack and cranny of each others minds. What gives with the hold out?
“I’m only thirteen.” He admitted on a mumble. Maybe there was some other Peter Parker somewhere who had applied. Some college kid who had worked really hard and deserved to be where Peter was sitting. Except… Tony had known about his dad and Aunt May, he thought a moment later, confusion waring with disappointed certainty that somehow there had been a mix up.
Off world their comms shouldn't work without satellite connection, except they had Tony and his Extremis powered brain which untested theory said could do anything a satellite did and more. He should be able to direct their signals between their devices over short distances without too much of a problem.
“Me neither,” Clint muttered in reply.
He knows better now and its part of the reason he likes to create things.
“Remember Tony, your connection to Steve and Natasha is metaphysical. By opening your mind to them you’re also opening it to Barnes,” Bruce explained, attaching the last of the connecting wires to Tony’s right temple. The other two had been outfitted first.
Natasha was going to kill him he thought as he hit the wall behind the counter with a painful thud, barely having enough presence of mind to tuck into a ball and roll closer to the counter before the world around him exploded in heat and flame.
Erskine did them one better. He thought: why not try it the other way?
“Great.” Tony clapped his hands, pulling the attention back to the center of the room. “So for the official record and you kids watching at home, what’s about to go down here is called a bond in layman’s terms. In genius, it means Bruce and I are going to establish a permanent psychic link between our brains.”
Grimacing he pushed the crazy thought of going to Tony’s room aside and reached for the abandoned sketchbook on his nightstand instead.
Thankfully that wasn’t necessary. The (honest to fuck) purple pickup slowed as it came around the bend and came to a stop just before it tapped the bumper of the last rusty bucket of wheels available for rent this far out from Savannah. The driver was had short blond hair and the tool bag was wearing a black t-shirt along with his shades, despite the fact that this was Georgia and it was
The history on them was spotted even then. Drugs don’t affect everyone the same, and even though ninety-nine percent saw successful results, there was always the one percent that just didn't turn out like they were supposed to. They got stamped black and legally those ones were supposed to be put down, but things happened. Kats slipped through the system.
“He’s sick! I think somebody poisoned him, and the people that did it are coming here.”
“We need to get some sleep.” He says tonelessly, rising from his chair. He can’t let their handlers catch on that he is breaking down. He should report it. He knows that. Knows the rules. But he says nothing.
"As soon as he sees you walking around all fresh and pink, he’s going to want to play too.” She offered instead, unsurprised when Steve's brow furrowed in displeasure, because it was okay for him to be a fool and take risks but it would never be okay for the others. That was just the way he was wired. His weakness, the part of her that was red and always would be recognized, and perhaps it was also his greatest strength.
“King T’Chaka insisted on a private assessment with no one knowledgeable besides myself and Agent Coulson,” Fury answered through gritted teeth and Tony laughed. Perfect. Coulson had known from the gate as well. He might literally have been the last to figure it out. He was over this conversation already. Way over it.
"Don't say that." Steve was frowning, maybe at Tony's choice of words, or maybe just because Tony's reaction hadn't been what he was expecting. But really what had he expected? It was 2013, even if interspecies relationships weren't legally recognized nobody was going to harass them in New York for being together someplace normal. Someplace not a fetish joint.
"Brooklyn," Steve answered with a half smile as he dismounted and extended a hand to help Tony up.
"My friends, I know that there are many differences we have yet to overcome, but I must warn you that this test is not merely about your strength in battle. The Benu like the Kǫtrdýr is a creature of the mind and can only be overcome by the unity of strong minds. Any division will be used against you, any weakness in one will be exploited to distract the others. You must rely on each other, for it is the responsibility of Queen and Consort to hold the others up and guide the way."
“Maybe I just like you.” Clint murmured darkly, and there was something desperate in the way he crushed their mouths together, but when he rolled his hips against Tony’s the heat of arousal drove those worries from his mind.
“I must say. Releasing that video was ruthless, even for you Stark. I’m rather curious to know who was behind it.”
Tony asked. His concern was deep and soft in her mind, like the impression of a blanket. She wondered if he knew how soft he was, this man of Iron. This man whose body might even know be on the brink of explosion.
The door shut quietly behind Steve and Tony cleared his throat grappling for his scattered thoughts.
Tony rolled his eyes, but decided he wasn’t too annoyed with his A.I.’s mother hening. At least not this time around. He’d had a hell of a night.
“Tony?”
“Yes, the future Queen of the pride is always the one he chooses as his first wife. He or she becomes the next Queen and by their union the rules of First Promise are kept. I am curious as to how you know this.”
Although it wasn't mandated all over Europe like it was here people were still leery of feral kats. Many of the less reputable farms preferred to sell to the guys who came looking for fresh fighters because they were willing to shell out top dollar with more and more countries cracking down on unlicensed farms and illegal fight rings.
The text flashing through his brain should not have been as soothing as it was, but Tony grabbed ahold of it like a life line, burying himself within the endless number stream that was two systems communicating across a binary highway, and breathed a sigh of relief when it drowned out the sudden rush of stimuli.
"Thor, get to Ironman and get him off the damn field! I'm headed to you Clint." Steve snapped as he hurled his shield, Tony could see him moving below, almost as much of a blur as the vibranium disc that sliced neatly through a line of A.I.M. soldiers. The shield sang when it moved, as if it was paying homage to the beautiful display of power and competency that was Steve Rogers in motion.
Now, Tony was used to being corrected when he made self-defacing comments like that. So used to it that they typically rolled right off his skin like water on a ducks back, but he'd never had someone turn and look at him the way Luke was.
So yeah, lots to do. A crash course in 2013 social norms, secret identities to establish, and a virus to code that would be strong enough to get past the most advanced AI ever created. A girl could have a break down with all the stress, but Nyota had learned from the best. When the work gets tough, turn up the volume and don’t come up for air until the shit gets done.
“He told them.”
"I'm not mad at you Tony. Your father on the other hand," she snaps, and Tony looks worriedly to Papa who winks at him.
Tony grit his teeth. Harley’s words and actions were brave but the kid was terrified. Tony could feel it buzzing at the back of his mind but the kit wouldn’t let the fear stop him. He was determined to help even if it risked his life or ended up costing him everything. He was bright and good, and so damn eager to prove himself it was painful to look at.
The worst part was there was very little credible research out there about prides, so it was hard to determine what exactly was going to happen. Would Steve's serum enhanced brain eventually heal him or would his symptoms worsen? Unfortunately for Steve he was text subject A in far too many categories.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony!" He heard Pepper scream, and he didn't have time to turn around or even to see if their sedative cocktail was actually going to work because suddenly he was being wrenched up through the gaping whole in the roof by a guy who was either superhuman or jacked up on so many steroids he might as well be.
“She’s right Steve.” Bruce murmured, and then clearing his throat he said with firmness. “Visions are one thing, but it sounds to me like you’re describing a tangible psychic connection. Which, unless you have some sort of telepathic mutation we don’t know about, isn’t humanly possible without a bond. Even with the serum this sort of development seems unlikely.”
What did he do? Well it’s not what he’s done, it’s what he’s going to do. Or rather, more accurately what he might have the potential to do.
“You could. I can feel you moving around up there.” Bruce murmured in answer, confirming Tony’s suspicion that he wasn’t doing the best job keeping his own thoughts tucked away and wincing at the memory of pain on Bruce’s face when he’d pulled away from him earlier.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony?” Bruce sagged with a grin full of brilliant relief and rushed to his bedside.
If that wasn’t how the Queens of old would have done things, too bad for those guys. Maybe they could have learned a thing or two. After all their empires, save one, are all dust.
Peter frowned, taken off guard by the question. He thought about it for a moment and finally tried to explain it the best he could.
They deserved to find a little happiness after everything didn't they? They deserved to be sure. And Tony wasn't at all sure that when Steve kissed him he wasn't seeing those flashing blue eyes he'd witnessed so briefly in his memories.
“Whose coming out?” Steve’s heart might have actually skipped a beat at the sound of Tony’s voice so close so suddenly, the man himself following it a second later as he appeared at Steve’s side. His familiar scent filled Steve’s nose and just like that the tension he’d been holding since Tony had gone off to make the rounds began to melt away.
Silence reigned supreme again while Tony mulled over that particular piece of interesting fuckery and Thor smiled down at him like he'd won something.
Which just left…
~*~*~*~
She was afraid now because she already knew. Tony won't tie them together. He won't open the door of his mind and invite them in, only to know for certain that he's only good for what he can give them.
And then, like tide ebbing away the painful memories give way to something different.
If you’re an outright stalker (or just unfortunate enough to have been born in the quaintest most bygone area of the great state of Georgia you can imagine) then you know the truth.
“What have you got Stark?” Steve asked, and Tony gestured to the largest screen directly above the center of the table.
Nobody said it but Tony could see on their faces that they all understood. They could worry about the future of their Pride when Tony knew whether or not he was going to be a future.
“Princess Nichols. Do you prefer Ms. Nichols or Princess?” he asked, mentally rifling through the file on her as he offered his hand to shake.  The girl flinched as if hearing her name come out of his mouth hurt her in some inexplicable fashion and Tony thought for one terrifying moment that she might burst into tears. But the emotion, whatever it had been, was gone in a blink of her eyes and then it was like she took on another persona entirely.
hoever he was before he was this.
“How long will it take Jarvis to locate E.T.?” Natasha asked.
The soldier says nothing. She has stated the obvious, which means there is either more coming or she is wasting his time.
“Yeah.” Tony sighed. “I know.”
“We need to know more about the Gata brain and its psychic gifts,” Bruce agreed and with an apologetic glance in Tony’s direction he finished, “We don’t have the research but we know someone who does.”
"No! Thor, cover Clint." Tony snapped out in reply as he worked his way to the edge of the roof, mind calculating distances as his eyes tracked the motion below. Any moment now M.O.D.O.K. was going to pass below him. "I'm gonna get M.O.D.O.K."
“Ivan,” a new voice calls, a woman’s.
It was called Nip for the obvious reasons. It had been developed in the early 19th century as a calming drug for aggressive kats. The narcotic was better than the best liquor, lowering inhibitions and muddling cognitive response three times the rate of alcohol in a baseline human. It was also, highly addictive, and for that reason most kat owners frowned upon its use. For at least a decade now there had been grumbling about outlawing the drug altogether.
It was thirty minutes past three pm and Tony was forty-five minutes late for his first interview of the afternoon. That normally wouldn't bother him except it was another applicant for the Stark Resilient internship and he really was trying to make the point to the men and women who applied that they were valuable and necessary components of the future.  Nothing said 'you matter’ like keeping a person waiting over an hour. Jesus Christ.
He agreed just as Pepper, wondering at his silence called his name.
Tony took a deep breath and let it out slow.
"The compound will have to be strategically injected into thirteen key areas of bone in Mr. Stark's skeletal structure. This step is critical , as it will allow the nanotechnology Mr. Stark will receive in phase two to pass through the body uncontested by the Extremis virus, and to successfully complete their self regenerating programs." Helen finished, looking around the table where Pepper and the Avengers had gathered in the tower medical ward.
Their neighbors are farmers whom Mama pays well for their prized meat and produce, so they don't mind that Tony likes to wander their fields and vineyards when he escapes his governess and the mind numbing boredom of his lessons with Herr Vonkov. Jarvis scolds him for skipping out on lessons but he is never overly cross with him. Not like Hughard is whenever one of the people hired to see to him goes packing.
Tony dodged another swing from Thor’s hammer and did a one eighty. Cap had leaped to Natasha’s defense on the bridge but they were outnumbered now that T’Challa and the other remaining Dora Milaje had joined the fray. T’Challa was focusing all his energy on Cap, forcing a wider and wider gap between the two while Nakia and the other she-tom ganged up on Natasha.
Avengers Tower, Friday Morning 10:00 am.
"Born in Kinshasa, the Democratic Republic of the Congo he received a certificate in minor education via the American School of Kinshasa, later went on to receive a high school diploma from Harvard - Westlake in a two year cram study, followed by an eight year work study residency at John Hopkins double specializing in physiology and medical engineering. All of this cumulating in a 'Class C' medical license which enables him to assist in the highest levels of  of biomedical research under the frankly insulting designation of 'Aide'." Tony rattled off, ticking off Debars educational landmarks on one hand as he went.
The loss of her whiskers should have put her at a disadvantage, but there was more than one way to detect changes in air pressure and she was an expert in all of them. Getting them plucked had been agonizing in ways that few tortures have even scratched at, but it like a few others had been a necessary loss. Ears and tails could be strapped, taped, and tucked away if need be. Whiskers could not.
Take care. Some prophetic little voice in the back of his mind was warning. Take such sweet care.
Sitting on a velvet cushion within the chest were a pair of wrist guards. The thin cylinders glinted an enticing gold under the afternoon sun but it was the ruby lines forming delicate braids across their edges that really captivated Tony’s attention. There was a strange energy coming from them, though all his scans came up negative for buried technology. Magic. God Tony hated magic, but even so his fingers itched to examine the deceptively delicate looking pieces of armor.
Hughard scoffs, mouth twisting like he's tasted something sour.
“Show time gang.” Tony clapped his hands together as the sound of clicking cameras and rumble of voice rushed through the open door in a wave. “No pressure but this is our first ‘official’ act as a Pride so mind your manners or I can’t promise to protect you when Pepper tries to eat you.”
His voice was softer than he’d ever thought it would be, aimed at Steve, but it wasn’t a plea.
"I think what Tony means is it's in the past." Bruce offered tentatively. "Right now you're here and you have all of us."
"Thank you, Mr. Allen," he mumbles through his teeth because a response is expected, and Mr. Allen is a master. The kit curls the free hand not holding the basket into a fist his side, jutting out his middle finger where no one can see.
“That goes for you too Tony,” she warned archly before taking Rhodey’s offered hand and exiting the limo. Happy was coming around to the passenger side to open doors and Tony put on his game face.
He paused, spotting Tony, taking in what he was doing. Tony waved with the hand currently not occupied with weakening the bolts holding up the floor.
Tony survived surgery! What's a plucky young Queen to do but go out and claim new land and build a glorious new Pride? He's got the land and he's getting the people together. Now all he's gotta do is secure a helpful mate to help him manage it all, but Tony's got like 99 problems and the Winter Soldier is definitely one.
He’d never been able to let-go like that before, and it had felt every bit as amazing as he’d always wondered if it would feel. He simply didn’t want to regret it. He wanted sixty more years of it and two sets of gorgeous blue eyes across from him at the breakfast table, one of them belonging to a stubborn little boy who tried to make a little girl eat sand for teasing him one minute and curled around her like a protective shield the next when their parents were away and unsure whether to return.
“All you had to do was ask. I wouldn’t have teased you” he entreated softly and Nyota’s gaze flew back to him with an accusing glare, and his mouth curled upward in a smirk.
"System diagnostics look good Sir. All systems currently operating at 100%"
The probability of a successful pride bond occurring was harder to determine because it relied on too many very extreme variables, primarily Steve and Tony.
Bruce looked so shame faced that Tony had to bite his tongue to keep from interrupting with distracting chatter, because his own dislike for gooey conversations aside, he knew how uncomfortable confrontation made Bruce and clearly saying what he was saying was important to him.
“Right now?” Princess asked, a hint of dark humor tilting her mouth upward. “No. I doubt it. My family is broken now. That’s why I’m here. I have to fix things.”
He admonished with a wink, and set his drink down.
Or maybe he did and they both just enjoyed poking fun at the others presumptions. Weird tom bonding aside, it didn’t matter to Tony. Just meant one more mouth to feed when Thor was around.
“How’s it coming Stark?”
“Back so soon?” Tony asked, twisting around in the chair he’d pulled up beside the bed to smile tiredly at her as she approached. She pushed a carryout bag from Wendy’s into his lap without comment before she went to check on Steve. It wasn’t until the smell of hot greasy cheeseburger was wafting under his nostrils that Tony had any idea how hungry he was. But even with his stomach growling, Tony couldn’t get much pleasure from the thought of eating. Tony forced himself to wolf down the first one and even take a few bites of the second if only to fuel his body and avoid whatever tactics Natasha would employ next if she saw him not eating.
He's shopped here a million times with his boy, but people don’t send their kats on errands without a letter of permission. Kats aint supposed to have money of their own, though he’s heard some rich knobs give their pets allowances.
Bruce’s amused thoughts trickled through Tony’s mind.
The prince had made quite the splash when he’d arrived, and nobody had missed how soundly he’d snubbed everyone save the Avengers and if they’d somehow slept through that he’d made his intentions for his stay on American soil very clear at the press conference that followed.
Tony glanced down at the device still clutched in his free hand, deliberating for a moment if he should show her before he showed the other interns.  He had plans for Stark Resilient’s first line of defensive weapons, and he had this little baby right here in his hands to thank for them. But those projects were months down the pipeline and without being able to get thing open he reasoned it wouldn't be giving her too much of a leg up above her peers.
So it turns out that Tony has the ability to plant suggestions into people’s minds, so that they can’t tell their desires from his. He can manipulate memories and brain patterns, so that people forget what their kids look like or suffer violent strokes just because he’d like them to. The jury is out on whether that makes him a monster, but according to Xavier there’s like a telepath code that helps them preserve their humanity as well as their sanity.
“Alright. That significantly narrows down your choices because you’re going to need a LOT of growing room. Lets talk location. The Caribbean has a number of private islands for sale that could fit the bill, but you said you wanted close. There is a private island off the Atlantic coastline, not far off of Martha’s Vineyard. Big developer tried to buy it awhile back to turn it into a resort town but the guy who owned it refused to sell. Wanted to keep it in the family for his grandkid or something but the kid died doing a tour of Iraq. The fellow is ageing, and from what I hear the money’s not what it used to be. So, he may be interested in selling to a good cause. 125 square miles. Thriving vegetation and marine life. It’s a three hour flight to New York city by chopper but you can half that with one of those fancy jets of yours. But there’s a down side.”
He reminded himself that he'd well and truly signed up for this. Sometimes knowing what you wanted and being ready for it were wildly different things, but they were past the point of balking about it now. Tony had made his demands of them, and they'd done their best to meet them. He had to meet them half way.
"I'm sure I don't know what you mean."
"No, no of course not, Tiberius is on track to win Best in Show as usual. We're very proud." Robert assured Tony smugly, clapping Ty once on the back in a possessive manner. "But we couldn't miss our chance to thank the big heroes now could we? You and your team did a mighty fine job Tony, your father would be so proud. Imagine his little kitten, saving the day like that."
“Aye, but she was not raised in a Pride and to many that is reason enough to think her inferior. She will have a road ahead of her to prove herself to her kin.”
And if there was one thing Tony wasn't all that good at, it was taking care of peoples emotions, not even his own (especially not his own).
He still doesn't know.
Her gentle humming, the silly songs they sang to celebrate joy and sadness, rain and sunshine as they came at them in turns. Her laughter. Her exasperated sighs. Her chatter. The click of her tongue and tap of her foot. Her breath. Her heartbeat. Her music.
Even speaking quietly Bruce couldn't hide the fearful awe in his voice, the near unwillingness to hope for something he'd always considered so far out of his reach. A mate. A home. Freedom.
He’d been growling again but in startling contrast Prince T’Challa seemed perfectly unbothered. Steve wondered if he understood that his family had just been insulted. Ross was likely counting on not.
"Thor and Harley are planning a Christmas party."
Tony licked his lips as he decided what to say in answer, because the truth was so much still stood to chance and he didn't want to hurt Bruce with false hopes if the things they'd seen never came to pass.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony pulled him away from Sam and the edge of the waves, back toward the tents where most people were still relaxing, chatting over their desert, but some people had gotten up to dance under the glow of the lantern lights.
I hope you're enjoying this little series as I'd like to keep going. If there is still some interest just give me a holler every now and again.
If he got hurt and forced Natasha to grieve for him in any way he was certain she’d follow him to the afterlife just to kill him a second time.
“Stark’s done everything twice, backwards, and probably naked the second time.” Clint agreed, unhelpfully.  "And just my advice, don't try and get him naked on the first date. He'll probably let you since he's crushing on you, but you'll spend the rest of your relationship trying to unfail a test you had no idea you were taking."
Ivan does not shoot them. He takes them to the castle of the Red Queen who orders the guards to take their head because she doesn’t believe they are useful, but Ivan protects them. Bodies drop around them in a spray of blood and bullets but the Madame simply stands there in the midst of it, watching until the last man lays bleeding on the floor at their feet and the soldier is standing before her, blood in his teeth and defiance in his eyes. And then she speaks.
“So we may have a problem.” he announced and Nyota couldn’t resist a snicker.
Anthony Stark might be the only known feral queen in the United States but he was not the only option out there in the world.
Was she his? Tony wondered. In some future where Bucky Barnes had never become the Winter Soldier and T’Challa wasn’t tied to the crown of Wakanda, could that beautiful little girl have been his?
Traditionally the Benu were hunted in teams led by queen-fels and their mates (symbolic of the way the entire pride functioned as well as practical in a fight against enemy like the Benu). An equal number of teams were selected between the Fel and the Tom who were to be bonded and a contest was made of it.
“He doesn’t like being handed things.”
“You’re the one whose beautiful Tony. I can’t just sit back and let him hurt you.”
Convenient, Tony thought. Maybe he should tell JARVIS to hide the silver.
"I think people need insurance.” Sam explained softly, as if he could sense the turmoil going on inside of Steve. “There was always going to be a control measure, Cap. I'm just glad it's you.  You know I still have your trading cards?"
He’ll never bring a kid into this kind of uncertainty, so it doesn’t matter that allowing these little fur balls to climb all over him and invade his space was the only thing to give him relief in days, or how right the smell, or how much some ignored part of his biological imprint just lights up and aches when he thinks about abandoning their pile of warm little bodies.
Damn it. She hated crying.
“Stay calm everyone.” Tony urged, because holy cow did they not need Bruce to hulk out right now. “Could be a gas leak.”
He'd never push the way he could. Natasha knew he would never stretch himself open and see just how far he can go because he was burned by his own apathy and the memory festers. He says he won't be the Merchant of Death and therefore opens himself up to continued disappointment and self-hatred; because there's no ending it. He'll always be the black cat that crossed somebody's path because he is who is.
He’d known even before they hit the back porch because that strange tickle in his head had kicked up again and he’d just sort of felt the presence of the satellite dish, and the television someone had left on in an upstairs bedroom and the coffee maker which was sitting on standby in the kitchen. The connection was getting stronger, Tony realized fearfully. It was becoming a battle for which was harder to ignore, the humming of the machines or the minds of others.
The tag around his neck is heavy though, a bronze circle with his name and his registration number engraved. It’s there so that if he gets into any trouble or gets picked up by Animal Control they'll know who he is and who he belongs to.
“Sounds like a bully.” Natasha murmured from the couch and Harley turned to look at her. “We don’t like bullies.”
he asked, but the woman had disappeared, the fog thickening. But Tony had the strange certainty that she was still there. They all were. He could hear their chanting and singing, lower than breath but there just the same. And then her voice was back, trickling through his mind like water gliding over rock.
"My son's tastes have run towards Midgardians of late, but I do not believe the Jane he so often speaks of shares your blood dear Bastet." Firgga murmured and the feline glared at her with intense blue eyes.
“I never just say things.” T’Challa refuted him with a severely unimpressed chill to his tone, but his gaze softened and so did his tone as he continued. “It is true, we have the ability to take what we need from others at times and the Queen mind can take more than one can imagine; but that is not what happened here. Your friends offered you their strength because it was theirs to offer. And as Doctor Banner has already stated, you took only what you knew they could bear to lose.”
“Any luck on the Winter Soldier front?” Tony asked, even though JARVIS kept him regularly updated on Steve and Natasha’s efforts in companion to their own. Jarvis was running every CCV and shaky cellphone camera through an algorithm designed to snag anyone who resembled Barnes based off a detailed face map Tony had put together from Natasha’s memory. Meanwhile Tony was slowly but surely picking his way through every computer he could get his mental hands on, running his sound matching program. In his head (hence the near constant background headache). According to the good doctors Bruce and Helen his brain is almost more computer now than he should be humanly comfortable with.
But Tony just sort of… let it go. He didn’t remark on it at all, as if he hadn’t built an entire trademark on being just Tony and nothing else. Clint’s brow furrowed in contemplation as the two traded messages back and forth, seeming to forget they were on Clint’s wall on a completely public domain until:
“Stop brooding, Lady McBroody.” Riri jostled her rudely with her shoulder and Nyota stuck her tongue out at the dark-skinned she-tom. Wilson was a pain in the ass but she’d been Nyota’s best (girl) friend for most of their lives. They looked similar enough they could have passed as sisters. Riri was actually younger than Nyota by two years but smarter than just about anybody that Nyota knew, and that was saying something because Nyota was the daughter of two geniuses. She wasn’t a slouch in the brains department either, but she’d never taken to mathematics and engineering the way her dad might have liked. Their parents used to laugh about the irony of Tony Stark getting an athlete for a daughter and Riri’s super sporty parents giving birth to an even bigger nerd than Tony.
Splitting pain blossomed in the center of Tony’s mind once more and he slumped over the desk with a moan as his head went blessedly blank, like someone had cut a circuit somewhere. He lay there, breathing shallowly, hoping the pain would fade.
~*~*~
The Greeks first record encountering them in Egypt though there were similar pockets of civilizations developing alongside them in Asia.
Clint and Luke were playing one of Clint’s video games (one of the Ninja ones that he liked because he said they were old school) and Bruce was in an armchair pouring reading something with Japanese writing plastered on the front (Steve had no idea he knew how to read Japanese) while he sipped from an oversized mug.
Clint wanted to get up now, make sure Stark and Cap weren’t doing the verbal version of a knife fight, and to make sure Tony wasn’t ingesting that reality TV shit (not today) but he couldn’t do any of that because he couldn’t fucking move. God he hated hospitals.
So that was it. The army couldn’t make them super, but they could make use of the poor souls they’d driven rabid by throwing them at their enemies.
Thinking about her as some sort of abstract myth had been one thing. Thinking about her as a flesh and blood being, a mother, who had given life to his species and then left, was entirely another.
The first time Tony woke after surgery he felt like a train had hit him and when Pepper appeared over him to push his hair back and through a tearful smile ask him how he was doing, he’d answered her by promptly passing out.
He tried, for whatever his reasons, to drive the soft out of Tony, and in a lot of ways he succeeded.
Jaime looked apologetic but he didn’t meet her eyes.
"Tony. You can't avoid it forever." Her voice was soft again, almost pitying and Tony bristled.
"You remind me of my little sister." Luke chuckled, seemingly unperturbed by Natasha's menacing stare. White teeth flashed in a wide grin as a laugh rumbled in his chest. "Now you definitely do. I was not sure at first what to make of you Avengers, but I have some hope now."
“That’s full on nerd and one hundred percent perfect. Tony will have kittens when he puts it together.” Riri crowed in response.
No heat signature on radar, but Tony could still hear the sound of them moving with his keen ears. That was, until something clattered on the floor and a debilitatingly high-pitched screeching filled the air and threatened to make his ears bleed.  Peter and Steve hunched over immediately, grabbing their ears and groaning. Tony’s pain was over as soon as JARVIS took the initiative to activate the noise canceling function.
Tears spring to his eyes and gaze softens. When she touches him, there is only love in the gesture and he can feel her forgiveness wrapping around him just as surely as her arms do, as snug as a Jabari’s furs.
They'd brought in a nurse to appease some of the lobbyists who were raising a stink about inhumane treatment. And then it happened. One day the nurse brought her kid along for the ride, and the kid and Barnes had bonded. It wasn't as deep as a pride bond but it was as close as any kat had gotten since the drugs were introduced.
The following day is a telephone number. And that decides it.
“Here’s a word for you Harley. Spell nausea.”
(I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Bruce I’m-)
"We don't get a lot of folks coming in for the wet stuff much anymore, you’re a lucky kitten." Mr. Allen says. The milk’s not just for him. It's so Ma can bake without using the powdered stuff, but the kit can admit his mouth waters at the sight of the jugs that old Mr. Allen places in his crate.
“Are you guy’s hearing this? I get no respect. My own creation.”
“I’ll speak to the brother before we bother mom. He’s likely to talk to a commanding officer.”
“I was harsher than I should have been.” Tony heard himself blurt. In the naked face of Steve’s grief it was very important to him that Steve know that. “You’re trying to help, and I appreciate that. I do.”
He remembers quite clearly the pain of being crushed by Steve’s limp body over his and the panic that had coursed through him in the din of smoke and voices and with the smell of burning flesh thick in his nose, and Steve not moving.
“She’s the one who likes pillows right? Have somebody put together an apology basket. While you’re at it, pencil in a conversation between you and me where I remind you that I’m your boss.”
He was still having intense nightmares that made it difficult to sleep and to feel completely balanced, but on the whole he felt better than he had since waking up in this century and getting better by the day. Anything he couldn’t work through by reminding himself how blessed he was pretty easily worked out of his system at the gym.
Huh? Did he mean that jackhammer in Tony’s chest? Yeah it was probably bad, but Tony was kind of used to cardiac trauma, so this didn’t even scratch his top ten. But oh hey, look at that. He hadn’t even noticed the glowy lines moving through his veins or how hot it was, until cool ungloved hands were pressed against his skin and something warm and soothing was pushing against his mind.
“Quiet!” Anya hissed, elbowing him sharply and the room fell quiet again as the clip played on, returning to the reporter.
“At least you get a greeting Steve. I guess my being here means nothing.” Tony teases, scratching Jaime between the ears fondly as he glances at them (Bruce and the Tony of now) and asks, “Where’s the little monster?”
“Stark,” Clint called out in greeting as Tony entered and Tony grunted, blearily making his way toward the refrigerator. He’d had his first and second cup of coffee down in the lab, and since Rhodey was already giving him the stink eye he figured he’d better grab some food to chase down the third.
Princess paused and Tony waited, listening raptly. Though it was more common in rural areas where people had lots of land to keep whole families of kats, he didn’t comment on the unique privilege she’d had to know relatives when too many didn’t even know their sires. The way she spoke about her uncle was filled with a magnitude of such love and bitter heartache, the only fitting response seemed to be stillness.
RaTu had been placed in charge of managing the armory tent that had been set up for last minute repairs and emergencies just such as Thor’s arrival with unprepared guests.
"But if I were you, Captain I'd move quickly. Opportunity is a narrow window."
Wasn’t she the lucky one? Nyota thought bitterly but she shook the pitiful thoughts away when Jaime squeezed her hand encouragingly and she felt them all waiting for her.
Tony leapt a literal foot in the air at the soft sound of the unexpected voice, whipping around to face the threat even as he positioned himself protectively over Natasha, tail arched and teeth bared.
“Something has changed.”
“You are a warrior without equal Nakia and you have my respect,” Thor said, slowly and carefully like a diplomat. Nakia’s dark eyes met his, waiting and the Prince of Asgard stretched his lips into a tight smile. “But please, as my Midgardian friends say, shut your trap.”
Bruce shuffled over to the table, silently placing his hand upon Steve's back as he gingerly took the open seat beside him. He didn't attempt to try and say anything to what he'd revealed about Bucky, or what he was missing, because there weren't really any words that he thought would matter.
Steve nodded agreeably, and turned with Tony toward the doors while Clint quipped something about not believing that that Tony was giving up an opportunity to be irritating.
“Our Captain has made a weapon of what others would only use for defense,” Thor explained grinning with excitement at Sif’s slightly disbelieving look. She would see soon enough. “I assure you he is quite formidable with that alone.”
For the sake of his Pride he’d agreed it was time to move past that, so he could let it go and enjoy a nice night out in pleasant company but there was no getting around the truth. This was a romantic gesture. Full stop.
“That’s all I ever wanted to do, from the first day Tony, was get him out of that cage and away from all those people who had hurt him. I promised him I'd keep him safe, and when we were kids I think he really believed I could. But we got older and things changed. He changed.
Tony said it breezily but Steve knew better. However unready either of them felt about parenthood Tony very much wanted a future with a family. The fact that he wanted it with Steve, whose dad had walked out on him and his mother before he’d ever really known him was a gift that he’d be damn stupid to throw away.
“Steve you know what the ovular-gland is right?” Bruce asked, a deep frown of concern furrowing his brow and Steve shrugged, stuborning his way through the discomfort of the conversation.
Rhodey is an asshole.
And all of them resenting the replacement.
doesn’t want to do this, the whole ‘see Steve again’ thing, but he can’t ignore Sarah’s summons after everything she did for him, so  Tony had maned up and  hit the road. Rhodey  had  even  made  him  a travel playlist  to help with the nerves because he’s a real bro like that. Only when Tony  had boarded his jet and keyed up  the very first track on the so called, 'Ultimate Reunion Playlist,'  the first few chords had him  cringing  so bad he’d  jabbed  the next button before Gladys Knight could even belt out the  first midnight train.
being called Anthony. Anthony was the name of a ruthless roman conqueror. The name of Howard Stark’s greatest creation. The name of a genteel, white collared, pampered kitten vying year after year for best in show.
She didn't recognize many of the men who poured out of the vehicles but she did recognize the face of Aldrich Killian because it would have been the height of lazy not to memorize the man's face before invading his property.
"And what exactly about putting yourself and others at risk is so funny to you?" Steve demanded to know.
"So why are you here then?" Tony couldn't help but ask. "Thor said they'd play on our fears, and hate to break it to you Rudolph but I'm not all that afraid of you."
"Yes." Tony replied with a tight smile. "Imagine that. It's a good thing isn't it that Dad decided not to 'tame' me or, I'm sorry, I believe domesticate is the polite term. I couldn't possibly have defended myself or anyone else that day if he had. "
"Tony can not be blamed for the misdeeds of the enemy, nor for defending those he has sworn to protect" Thor stated like a king making decrees. "I have had many encounters with the Kǫtrdýr, and none of their mighty Queens would have stood for such a trespass. I can not be certain of her Midgardian children but Bastet would have taken immediate and total vengeance. Once she took the heads of an entire tribe because their leader refused to couple with her, and filled her golden tub with their blood."
"What's your name young man?"
“Steve, this is a practice match. There’s a net right below her-” Tony tried, but he should have known that wasn’t going to fly with Steve.
“Then I wish you all sure hands. But the boy should not be here. His mind is still developing. He may be damaged by the experience.”
"But if I had a custom made, nap designated bed, I might." Tony reasoned. "I could sleep more. Everybody says so."
"Natasha is right, this is about you taking risks Tony that you shouldn't take and bucking the chain of command." Steve decided and Tony could have rolled his eyes right out of his head.
* Finding "professional" pictures of small children gets harder the younger they are and I'm not personally comfortable using baby portraits. So here she is just a bit older. When thinking her character up, I straight up thought of this little girl from We Bought a Zoo.
The blond tom hadn't changed much since the last time Tony'd seen him. He was still stall and fit and gorgeous on the outside, and he still hadn't figured out that no matter how expensive the dye, the black roots on his tail and ears gave the game away. The fur there grew fast and was stubbornly hard to dye. Ty had always been sore about the black patches because the judges at the beauty pageants always preferred uniform colors over stripes, patches, and spots.
“That sounds like a tough way to live.”
"As lost in the fog as you are I imagine." Loki responded calmly as if discussing the weather. "None of it's real you know. The fog is their way of creeping inside your head. You don't notice it until it's too late to do anything about it. Once they are in, your mind does the rest. Rather amazing creatures aren't they?"
“When did you stop liking being handed things?”
"Stark!"
He doesn’t need to think about it.
"Are you sure?" He asked through a tight throat.
“You’re being foolish.” the tom murmured softly but decisively, dark eyes cool and still too deep for Tony’s comfort. “A leader must learn that his suffering belongs to his people. Heal your body and fight another day Stark. That is what you owe them.”
she asked, a smirk twisting her lips. Tony took a prim swallow of coffee from his cup and flicked his tail.
“The bastard shot right through her and we lost Novak.” Clint grunted, eyeing Steve with unveiled suspicion. “I stayed on his ass when things went to shit but he was relentless. He had it out for her from the drop.”
"Do you intend to eat that entire tub?"
Practically speaking, they all understood how this should go. Tony as the queen should bond them all. His focus should be on the pride's unity, daily needs, and future well-being. Privately Bruce thought that while Tony wasn't the most emotionally perceptive fel out there, he made up for it with a surprisingly giving nature. Tony was guarded, and rightly so, but once tapped he was a fountain that gave so selflessly at times it bordered on self-destructive.
"Dyson's crew finally has their act together. There was some bitching about a kat being put in charge but Bill kept a cool head. " Clint reported with an easy smile, making a beeline for the fridge. "He's good people. How on earth did you manage to buy him away from Harper and Jung?"
His heart swelled at the sight, too big in his chest, too much, and Tony blinked back the sudden onset of tears.
“We thought Bucky’s heats stopped because of all the stress during combat. He’d gone almost three years with nothing, but near the end he started to have flashes. The first time got us in a real pickle, the second time we were better prepared to note the warning signs and managed to find this inn. Things were intense and neither of us did much holding back. It shocked me when I bit him, so hard I broke skin. I was scared something was going wrong with the serum or that I was losing my mind. But Bucky talked me down after. He said he was fine…”
. He tried to will himself. Tony was where he needed to be, and T’Challa’s hands were nothing but professional as they methodically inserted needles and tubing expertly into Tony’s giving flesh. Maybe he was looking for it, but it was obvious to him at least that the tom could not completely detach himself from the proceedings as if this were any other operation. It was in his focus, and the unconsciously tender way he and Bruce were handling Tony’s body. It wasn’t just a body to either of them. It was
Tony takes another burning swallow of the liquor in Obi's glass but this time can’t help but cough as it burns its way down, and Obi chuckles at him even as Hughard turns and glares in their direction.
“Disengage defense shields and all weapons Station Three.” Harley chirped, clearly talking to someone else in the room. A dry but amused sounding female voice replied.
“When are my parents coming back?”
“We can’t just ‘move’ a planet!” Kate scoffed, fingers moving to form quotation marks. “What the hell are you even talking about right now?”
“Aye. She was. My brother and I would be made to clean out the stalls when we stepped out of turn. Do you have any idea how much waste a volstag can produce?”
Maybe it was the way Steve crossed his arms, all muscle and leath grace, or maybe it was the way he filled Tony's nose with the scent of aggressive tom. Tony's body responded to it like a well tuned instrument, all curious and nervous all at once, the neurons in his brain somehow interpreting safety from a creature brimming with violence. Tony grit his teeth in irritation.
Hughard grunts and Obi winks at Tony once more.
A moment later he heard the sound of someone pounding on the front door and one quick sweep with his mind (headache slicing through his skull for his efforts) was all it took to confirm the worst. The foot soldiers were here and if they were here it meant they might be at the barn as well.
And that was when Natasha finally saw. She'd known Tony was afraid before, but the particulars were harder to grasp. The why behind the strength of his resistance had remained elusive despite every indication that the pride bond is only growing stronger. But Tony is right. There was still something in the way, a thin barrier that might as well be made from diamond for all that it refuses to bend or break.
yeah, that’s probably true.
“It’s connected to OSCORP somehow. His sires were scientists, both belonged to OSCORP. When they died in a plane crash Peter was entrusted to his aunt and uncle but OSCORP still holds the right of ownership.”
She was coming to realize that too, but she was unsure if the woman who thought such silly things and craved what she'd already tasted and found to be poison could be trusted.
(No. Don’t look. Please don’t look.)
“Tony I figured it out!”
“I’m fine.” He grunted to the unspoken question in the young fels eyes.
The gifts made them feel good. They know she’s their mother because they can smell it on her. But Mr. Banner doesn’t like it when they call her mama.
They’d been through enough as it was and they weren’t soldiers or pawns to be used in anyone’s vendetta.
If there was anything Tony loved more than a good looking guy and a fast ride, it was driving said fast ride.
“Tony.” He replied slowly. “My friend’s call me Tony and yeah that’s it. Just know you and Harley are welcoming up here. Anytime.”
But Tony had been a (stupid) kit at the time and far too trusting. He'd thought himself in love with his oldest friend, and was pretty gob smacked that he was actually being allowed to be happy for once instead of shoved at some strange tom decades older than he was, as was the fate of many of their friends.
“Pallid.” Steve’s mouth was still scowling but Tony was getting better at reading his particular brand of dry humor and spotted the hint of amusement that flashed through his eyes before he turned to Harley, who was decked out head to toe in a green and red elf costume/flight suit. The ten-year-old had balked at first at the embarrassment of dressing up like one of Santa’s helpers, but once he’d learned that a condition of flying in Santa’s Jet was to get on board with the holiday requisite of looking like an idiot, he’d happily conceded.
“Ms. Foster had recently visited. I did think that had something to do with it at the time.”
It might even be enough to give him some sort of control over the other guy. He didn't dare even think of completely eradicating Hulk (it tended to make him angry) but with such a strong network of stabilizing connections in his brain, it was more than possible that he'd gain more control.
“And we love you, my son. Unruly as you are.”
The costumed tom rushed at Killian's bared back where his shirt had burned away and Tony's eyes widened in shock as the stranger sank those sharp deadly claws into Killian's flesh without so much as hesitating, stabbing directly over the man's vulnerable organs and wrenching.
"Without a calling card it's all guess work."
Happy Sunday!
Really JARVIS, I thought you said we were running up to nintey-seven percent accuracy?!"
"Naturally. Anything else?" Sonia asked.
With the date of the surgery looming, Bruce and Tony get their bond on but Fury has a surprise that shakes up all of their well laid plans.
He didn't bother saying anything to that, or anything at all as Robert left them, apparently confident in Tiberus' ability to weasel back into Tony's good graces.
So that hadn’t been his best idea, but at the end there, he was sure it had worked. He’d touched JARVIS.
“So, Princess. You’re twenty. Currently the property of Casey and Mapp architectural firm of Savannah Georgia. A student at MIT.” Tony switched tracks swiftly but kept his expression friendly. Princess sobered, folding her hands neatly in front of her and giving no sign that the sudden serious turn of the conversation bothered her in the least. “What are you studying?”
“You’re growling Steve. I didn’t know you could do that.”
"It's not. And it's not about picking sides."
"You're the boss Tony.” Pepper relented with a sigh, hearing the determination in his voice. “Just don't do anything rash until I get back from Tokyo."
So Tony, like a good genius, had done something about it, working in his lab without sleep until the solution had finally presented itself (in the form of Thor playing some silly game with DUMMY) because sitting on the bench wasn't an option; but Steve had tried to take him off the roster anyway.
There was a knowing glint in the dark eyes that met his as Debar finished his thought.
Tony blinked, surprised that T’Challa had said nothing of the fact that attacking an invisible adversary when he could not see them to anticipate a counter attack was frankly suicidal and that he’d be left without back up. All true, and equally valid reasons not to go tearing off after his prey, but nevertheless not enough to keep Tony from acting on the need to continue the hunt, to not let them get away and endanger the lives of his people.
"They're janky as shit. Building robots this small is... harder than I'd expected. They either break down on their own, or Extremis forces them to. Also the silicone isn't biodegradable so I keep flushing them out like toxins which means spending more time on the pot than I'd like."
"Great, Can we get off the ledge now?" Tony asked with a shiver. "It's cold as fuck up here."
“Dr. Banner has been searching for a cure to his condition for over a decade, Madame.” Cho stated as a matter of fact, but Tony heard the admonishment in her tone.
She stared at it for a long assessing moment, as if she were contemplating the benefits of skewering Steve with her claws there and then, but eventually curiosity won out and she released his neck to take it from him. She stared at the drawing for a long painfully silent period of time. It was the one Steve had drawn at Christmas, of a kit playing in the low branches of the Christmas tree.
“There is no feminine distinction for God in my language. A god is a god is a god, and my people believe there is only one worth worshiping. She is life giver and protector. Our power and our strength come through her. To my father’s shame I have never counted myself as very spiritual,” Luke turned back to Thor, a look of stunned awe beginning to take up residence as he finished. “But you say you have met her.”
“They’re not soldiers.” Steve, who was standing to Tony’s right, declared with certainty.  “The boy with the pistol is a great shot, but he hesitates. It’s just a fraction, but it’s the kind of rookie mistake a soldier is trained out of.”
“I think you have a very nice voice Mr. Stark.” Tink mumbled against Tony’s chest, rubbing her soft cheek against his shirt and Tony felt a rather alarming melting sensation in the region of his heart that he was going to have to have JARVIS look into.
“Absolutely nothing,” Tony answered him, already turning his thoughts away from their unexpected new addition to peruse the barn looking for things he could use to help see to Natasha’s wounds and go on the attack when it became necessary. What he wouldn’t give to have his suit right now.
“What’s wrong?” Steve murmured in her ear, mindful of the closeness of the Fujikawas.
turn you over to them.” Tony swore with such venom that Peter believed every word, a shiver going down his spine.
The voice fills Tony’s head, achingly familiar but he can’t concentrate on it with how heavy his heart is (Steve’s heart is) and the grief that is ripping through him.
. But it’s like a dream he’d had long ago, the impressions stronger than the details. He remembers how they’d forged him like a weapon in the furnace, and how he’d resisted. He’d held that man in his heart – the one whose name he can’t remember – and waited for death. But Something had changed. Something had made him choose the words that would bind him inside his own head and make him a tool for Hydra.
Fire away, fire away
(See the end of the chapter for
Riri was taking care of wiping their chips and uploading them with the false identities they’d come up with while Nyota was busy at work disabling the choke and the elctro-shock functions.
"I have no idea what drove you to sign up for this gig Rogers. Maybe you just want to support a good cause or maybe you just want to defend the delusion of American moral superiority, whatever, it's your prerogative. Mine is to fight for Gata." He finished with finality. There wouldn't be any mistake from now on about what his intentions were, and if Fury or Steve failed to take him seriously and get the hell out of his way that was their own problem.
Tony was sitting in a rolling chair behind one of his computer consoles staring up at a holo-screen full of what appeared to be armor specs. His hunched posture and the glassy expression in his eyes made Steve think he wasn’t really paying the work much attention.
They're at the docks because Tony wants to know more about trade and there is no place for that like the docks where the fishermen hawk their prized catches and merchants come to collect their goods.
Surely it wasn't Luke's dream to work for SHIELD the rest of his life? He wondered what Luke's dreams actually looked like, what had driven him from his home in the Congo in pursuit of the next to impossible for their kind. Tony wanted to know, and if he were honest, there was a growing part of him that hoped there was room in there possibly for a few new dreams.
“That’s why it has to be someone you knew before. I have a theory about that, and in a second we’ll know if Natasha can confirm it,” Tony murmured, flicking his fingers to reveal the digital folders contents, images and scanned documents and data floating around them in a swirl, JARVIS bringing one file in particular to the forefront and enlarging it, but Steve didn’t even seem to need it. He was already breathing the man’s name in on a strangled sounding breath.
“Cap!” he shouted and Steve was just in time to raise his shield while Clint and the others bunkered behind him, making themselves as small as possible as a thick jet of flame roared from the creatures mouth. Tony took to the sky, trusting his suit to protect him.
Princess made a show of tapping away at her tablet and Tony snorted, taking a long sip of his coffee. His nose had been right, it was made perfectly, but he’d come to expect nothing else from Princess.
Maybe something enough to survive that fall from the train. Something enough for the soviets to work off of, turning him into the kind of weapon Tony’s father had tried and failed to turn him into.
“Not sure how things are done in your neck of the woods but here in the USofA courting is considered really old fashioned. Steve and I are more of a done deal I’d say.”
“I’ve fought those guys before Tony. They’re tough. You needed my help.” Peter insisted, straightening up in defiance once more. “I saved your life back there!”
Steve's not true gata whatever he smells like. And fine, he smells great. Wild and strong and not a hint of sourness to be found.
It’s no secret that Tony Stark loves a real challenge, even if real challenges are hard to come by when you’re as smart as he is. It’s a lesser known fact that despite what you might think, Tony hates puzzles. He hates not having access to all the facts, and lacking the data to form a complete picture is a surefire way to get under his skin and have him picking apart a problem until he knows every inch of it and finds the solution, and the blasted puzzle is no more. Rhodey calls it dangerously obsessive, but he doesn’t know what it was like for Tony as a kit.
Natasha teased, and Tony felt a quick flash of embarrassment over their bond that belied Steve’s immediate response.
“Look at the timeline. I took Natasha and he started jumping around in your heads. I’m betting good money he’s not going to take it lying down when I try and take you. Which is fine, we need him awake if we’re going to find him… but this is new territory.” Tony warned, bunching his hand in Steve’s shirt. He didn’t want to think about all the things that could go wrong, playing tug-of-war in Steve’s mind but he had to.
"That was some pretty heavy flirting," Bruce murmured, eyes tracking over him as if he were looking for clues to a riddle. "I'm so used to you just being you, I completely forgot what it looks like when you're actually interested."
He’s a young boy. An aging man sits beside him. His inquisitive eyes are honey colored and they watch him carefully as his small hands attempt to glue the tiny part of the model airplane in place.
Tony wanted to ask him how sure he was about that, but he pushed the urge aside. That was for later. They could figure out what to do with Steve’s now glaringly obvious (to Tony at least) crush on Romanov later.
They turn their face toward the wall because they know it’s worse to look. If they catch Mr. Banner’s eye, he might start in on them and Becca will try and get between them. It’ll just be worse for her.
"I just built the wings Airman, the work was all you."  Tony dismissed the praise smoothly, and Wilson seemed surprised by the humbleness of Tony's reply but Steve wasn't.
“I was fifteen and over confident. I was sure that if I saved my targets life I’d win his trust and complete the mission. But The Soldier… he’s relentless. He fights without emotion, he’s super enhanced even for Gata. He could have killed me that day. Should have, only he recognized me. We’d met in the Red Room and it was only because he hesitated that I survived the encounter.”
His eyes trailed farther down, following the lines of a round, narrowing jawline that somehow managed to have sharp edges at every stop and turn. The man’s soft chin was covered with fine speckles of hair, a precise Van Dyke goatee bringing definition to wicked sharp lips.
Within their first six months at Stark Industries, Steve liked to think he and Bucky had settled into their environment quite well. The quick upward movement S.I. offered meant they had both been given numerous diminutive promotions and gone their separate ways. They’d started at the bottom-most rung, and a few months later, Steve found himself settling into the role of Creative Technologist, Doodler.
Sending another shy grin the man’s way, Steve looked back down because the carpet was very interesting with its blue and black pattern and whatnot. It was fascinating.
There’s a heaviness in Tony’s arms and legs, a dull tingling he can feel running through his limbs as it reaches for his addled and fogged mind. It’s something, he thinks, in the distant kind of thought that waves as it passes you by, that should cause him some form of panic.
And the most entrancing of all, radiating beneath fluorescent lighting of the Smithsonian, was Cap’s shield. The only model on display.
And all he had to show for it? A mess,  clumps of wires strewn about his lab, sparking of their own volition at odd hours throughout the day. They may have done something to brighten up the lab, with their frequent flashes, but the wires and what they were attached to were absolutely useless. Everything he built these days was useless.
Steve looked over his shoulder with a hard gaze and mouthed, “Stop it,” to Bucky. Jeez. It had been a few glances; there was no reason to cross-examine the guy. Steve was more than capable of handling himself by now.
Alive. There’s someone else here, and they’re alive. He lets out a breath and feels a sag in his limbs.
Letting out a breath, Tony opened his mouth, raising his shoulders in another shrug, but this one was half-hearted at best. He had no idea how to tell her he wasn’t sure there was a difference between the two anymore. Maybe there never had been.
Steve’s hands began to drift a gentle current away from guns and grenades and medical bills and insurmountable debt, and toward pencils, paints, and pastels. His fingers started to itch, again, in an incurable way.
due for an upgrade. An upgrade Tony put off, kept putting off, for reasons he refused to think about. It was always the quickening of breath and heartbeat, the shaking of his fingers, the pounding darkness trying to pull him into the dimmed parts of his mind where he knew a demon lurked. Stalking, waiting to pull him back under and remind him.
Like a magnet being drawn north, though, Tony’s eyes found the back of her head. For a moment, he let himself admire the fiery red wisps of hair shimmering in the lowlight of what was once the Avengers’ common room.
Drawing stopped being a crutch for him after that.
“Barnes,” Mr. Stark purred, turning to face the room. “Mr. Barnes here is going to be our newest errand boy!” He clapped his hands like an excited child, and there was a hum of amused chuckles around the room. Steve thought he saw a fist pump in the air from a man sitting in the back of the room. Worry filled him as Steve thought of Bucky’s arm, but before he could do anything, Mr. Stark said, “Sorry, Gerry. You’re gonna have to stay on the team and help with the heavy lifting. Most of it, actually; don’t think I’ve forgotten what you said to me on your first day because that’s never going to happen. Ever. Mr. Barnes!” he snapped. “I know you could bench press our wonderful Gerry, but I need you to make him do most of the work, capisce? So, even though it’s your first day, I’m promoting you to Senior Errand Boy. Congratulations! But, you are still an errand boy, Columbia.”
At the time, there hadn’t been much Steve could gather about the prosthetic on his own, though the second he set it in front of Doctor Banner for an analysis, the man’s eyes lit up. He didn’t hold back in his admiration and astonishment as he and Steve gushed over Mr. Stark’s newest design.
“Pep…” Tony trailed off, eyes searching hers.
“Am I dreaming?” Tony asked, aware that that possibility was more than a little plausible. He raised his hands to rub at his eyes.
And now you’re telling me you want to go back? Let them do this to you all over again?” Her eyes danced around frantically, and her face was screwed up in pain. “I’m worried about you, Tony. I love you, and you’re scaring me. You can’t keep running from your past,” she told him, her tone gentle. “You need to face it.”
“Listen, Fury 2.0, the Avengers? They’re no more. Not a thing. Got it?” he snapped. “So that’ll be a big, fat no-can-do from mere Earthlings the likes of us.”
It seems the universe plucked Eden’s Apple and handed it to him because he’s officially in hell. The one and only Capsicle, this century’s Benedict Arnold, breathes a steady rise and fall a few feet from Tony’s shoes. Shallow, but steady.
Curiosity piqued through Steve’s mind the more the man talked, shock beginning to course through him as he put the pieces of the puzzle together.
Reaching back behind him, he held onto the bar with both hands and thought his grip might be tight enough to mold his very handprint into the hollowed-out metal. His ma would’ve rolled her eyes at that, and Steve felt the familiar tick of a bittersweet smile at the corners of his mouth. She’d been right; you wore an expression for a long enough time, and it had a tendency to get stuck there.
At that, Tony did roll his eyes, anger welling inside him. He could feel it burning against his veins as his heart pumped it through his system. Goddamn, it was wonderful.
The young man had settled in beside Steve right as the doors had been closing. Well, more like slid through a slit the size of a door gap while shooting a glare towards the reflective ceiling like it had personally offended him. He hadn’t so much as given them a cursory glance as he’d hunkered next to Steve, staring down at a model of the Stark Phone Steve had never seen before like it held the answers to life’s most burning questions.
. We all know I was never the scale-tipper of the litter.”
Clearing his throat, he looked up at the man despite the half a foot Steve had on him. “Sorry,” he murmured, voice quiet in the cool air around them.
There was an odd wariness that surrounded the air Doctor Banner breathed, and Steve could never figure out why.
pushing your limits. You have approximately thirty second to wow me or I hang up and block you for the rest of eternity.” Another look. Tony raised his brows. “Clock’s ‘a tickin’, boys.”
Steve took another deep breath in, counting to ten like the therapists had told him to do.
Iron Man simply wasn’t needed anymore. Just as she said. There was no more hero-ing to be done, no more mysteries to be solved. That was all buried beneath that thick pile of dust collecting on the edges of the case down in his workshop. On the smooth, curved surface of the shield sitting in a compound he should have closed down and sold off years ago.
Cherries.
Bruce Banner was a quiet man, and their first few interactions left Steve with the impression of a hard-pressed man who wasn’t in the habit of making co-workers into friends. He’d been reserved, and the people he worked with were adamant in painting him in a no-nonsense light when Steve had first asked about him. None of the other S.I. scientists seemed to have any desire to be in the same lab as the man, much less give him the benefit of conversation.
Bucky shifted again, and Steve shot him a reproachful look. A warning he knew Bucky wouldn’t listen to. But, well, insanity and all that. A bored Bucky had never been good, and the returning mischievous smirk he got back was evidence enough that Steve should start worrying right about now.
A tenseness he never let go of these days began to ascend his spine, making its way to his shoulders, and he shot a furtive glance to his right.
, he thinks, mind sluggish. He lets his eyelids fall closed. Everything feels extraordinarily heavy and his mind is moving as if it were submerged at absolute zero. It’s frozen where alarm bells should be blaring, only a dull, buzzing massage in its place.
“Steve,” he said, and he hoped his voice didn’t come out as breathless as it sounded to his own ears. “Steve Rogers.” As he said his name, Steve saw the reel begin. What could be an entire lifetime flashed before his eyes. He wanted to laugh; ever the hopeful romantic, his mom and Bucky had always said, but there was a realness to this strong pull tugging him towards the man a few meager feet in front of him. Could see the flashes of a life he didn’t have but longed for more than anything.
His eyes followed the lines of the suit, and he couldn’t decide if his look was possessive or revolted. There, plain as day, was a slash slanted into the chest plate. It looked like a bear had mauled a simple piece of clothing. But it was only one ragged tear, and Tony’s stomach curled into knots the same way the edges of the suit curled back towards the metal chest plate.
Somehow, and he had no time to analyze why right now – and Tony doubted he’d ever find the time – but somehow the mess gave the room more vitality.
, he thought and could taste the bitterness on his tongue that accompanied it.
His eyes darted to stare above her head, but he lost his wind again and fell back, finishing the shrug with a wave of his hand that fell back against his thigh. He glanced at the ground and then looked up at her from beneath his lashes.
He supposes Howard never saw the future or present for glum or grey. His father always did manage keep himself relevant.
,” she emphasized, removing one arm from where both were tightly crossed at her chest to point directly into the center of his chest, so close that if the arc reactor was still there, she’d be touching it. “Or Iron Man?”
Explosions weren’t simply forces of destruction. He’d come to recognize that they were possibilities. They were a beginning. If Georges Lemaître’s theory was correct (and the universe’s background radiation and redshift sure seemed to think so), then without the Big Bang, there would be nothing.
, he thought. God, who knew that having everything could make a person feel like they had absolutely nothing all at the same time?
Stepping out onto the concrete of the rooftop, he shivered as a spike of cold wind poked into his exposed skin like a thousand needles pricking at him. A particularly large gust slammed the door shut behind him with a finalizing bang making him jump. Tony’s eyes glazed over the shimmering surface.
That was… a lot to take in, Tony thought as an empty laugh bubbled from his throat. However, his mind latched on to one part in particular.
A yawn bubbles up his dry throat and past his lips. Tony can taste the staleness settled in his mouth, and he scrunches his nose trying to swish some saliva over his tongue. God, how he hates waking up.
Dark clouds crowded the New York skyline, bouncing and fumbling around one another worse than the throngs of people on the brimming sidewalks. There was inevitability in the air, and sure enough, the slow pattering of water droplets on the umbrella above Steve proved the weatherman on ABC 7 right. A terse battle waged between the rain marking its steady march towards a full-blown storm and the echoing sounds of loud-mouthed New Yorkers with their background symphony of blaring horns.
Those eyes pinned him in place, and Steve wondered, hoped, prayed, that the man with the divine brown eyes and angelic smile was just as struck as he was. A name. A name shouldn’t seem like such a monumental thing to give.
Survivor, he thought. Like he had been voted off the island by his teammates and was now going back to face them as a part of the jury. Except by some twisted turn of events, they were the jury and he was the one being judged.
As if they have a mind of their own, Tony’s fingers plunge through the material like an erratic sewing needle on a broken machine, and as soon as he has his grip, he takes it, tearing the spandex as hard as he can. It splits the suit right down the middle. The shoulder seems to cling to him while the rest of the fabric hangs loosely around his gaunt and haggard frame. Waxy, pale skin shines between the ripped edges of fabric making him look like he’s been the victim in some episode of
Taking a gasping, shuddering breath, Tony yanks himself as far from those thoughts as he can. Before the dust coats everything and rattling is replaced by yelling in a language he can’t understand and he’s taken over by a spelunkers’ darkness before the burning, bright heat of dunes and sand.
It would be armor that could be hidden between two layers of fabric. Practically nonexistent to the outside world. Malleable like normal fabric and then strong enough to stop a bullet within the span of a second should the need arise.
Jarvis led an entranced Tony through the displays explaining each memento to the best of his memory. Eyes as wide as an owl, mouth slacked in awe, Tony had fired off question after question to Jarvis. Was that really Captain America’s motorcycle? Did these trinkets belong to the actual Commandos?
movie.
Every crossed path left Steve haunted and aching for one more.
, the thought dispels through him like a high velocity explosion. He can feel the rage boiling through him within an instant.
“Mouth’s still open, soldier,” he said, voice soft like the rain coming down around them.
Steve opened his mouth to say something that he wanted to follow the lines of suave and reassuring when Bucky cut in. “You some bigshot?” he asked, avoiding Steve’s well-aimed elbow shot to his torso.
“So you’re leaving again?” she snapped.
But Steve got it, and the man did look familiar now that he thought about it. He could see the headlines flash before his eyes that described the deaths of Howard Stark and his wife, and the picture of a young boy trying to grieve his parents in peace taunting across every news station. Could hear the other soldiers’ outrage in their rantings when they were told that the now young man had put a stop to his father’s company’s weapons manufacturing after being presumed dead for three months. Could feel the pride and admiration for that decision when a Stark bomb came barreling right towards the Howling Commandos.
. Picking up the duffel bag in one hand and the briefcase in the other, Tony made his way to the roof of the tower.
Steve could see waking up with an armful of thin limbs and slipping out from underneath a warm body and a couple covers to start the coffee machine and maybe get a run in before the day started and they’d be forced to part ways. He could see holding a trembling body as newsfeeds spread something horrid and heartbreaking across millions of people’s screens. Could see being held in a tight embrace after a particularly difficult day where past and present blurred and left him near incoherent. See watching television on his old, lumpy couch and ignoring all that extra space to their right. Making a mess of the kitchen, but coming out with an edible feast for friends that were family. Asking to move in together with a golden key wrapped in a little, red box tied with a yellow bow. Looking for a ring and hearing a yes to his question even though he never got to finish because there was too much excitement. Standing in his uniform and saying, “I do.” Playdates at Natasha’s and Bucky’s house because they had the pool. Looking at colleges and attending weddings as Fathers of the Groom or Bride. Two rickety rocking chairs that Steve remembered from browned and torn photographs with softened edges holding a couple sitting in each one, reaching across the distance to hold hands in front of his childhood home. Chairs he would dig out of the storage unit he’d always refused to get rid of because he could never bring himself to throw away his parent’s things. Sitting those chairs on the deck of their home up in the mountains because it was time to escape the city and pass on their legacies to someone else. Taking a similar picture to pass down themselves.
“Hi, Tony,” Steve grinned, a small fluttering filling his chest.
“I’m not telling you who it was. But we had connected so well, though things started out rocky. And then, one day, when I saw them, talking and joking with someone, their smile bright and genuine, I felt it. That love I had for Peggy so many years ago had come back.” As Steve told him that, Tony felt a bitter pit turn within him, and he’d known that feeling before; he was jealous.
“Look at you, all prepared,” Steve teased, watching Tony open up the packaging.
They both took a minute to adjust, Tony leaning down, grasping the sheet on either side of Steve’s head before kissing the blonde rather sloppily. The men moaned into each other’s mouth, lips roaming over the other, tongues a warm, wet glide. It was after a few heavy moments that the stretch and burn turned into sweet friction, and all Steve wanted was for Tony to start moving.
"You're welcome. I was happy to get it for you," he finally said, remembering himself. Steve looked at the bookmark, thinking of his vision.
“You know I don’t like being called that,” the fair-haired woman remarked, a coy smile on her lips. Tony huffed a small laugh.
“No, Tony. I-I don’t want us to stop,” Steve admitted, holding Tony’s gaze, seeing the man’s pupils dilated. Steve figured his looked the same.
It was Tony who finally looked down, the fight draining from him. “Pepper, I-I’m sor-” Tony began before she cut him off.
in love with her” Steve whispered harshly, moving his arms animatedly and hitting a mop head in the process.
“Who says I can’t?” Tony asked, lifting his head finally to look at his boyfriend.
“Really?” Steve said, his voice sounding more elated then he meant to. Though, he didn’t really have to hide anything from Natasha anyways.
“And I love you most,” Steve whispered, kissing his boyfriend’s arc reactor through the fabric of his shirt, the blue glow lighting the cloth in a perfectly circular shape.
“We can figure something out eventually,” Tony said, his voice husky as he pressed his chest and hips against Steve’s. The super soldier could feel Tony’s hardening arousal against his own, causing the man to rush out a breath.
The couple cleaned unhurriedly, putting their dirtied plates and utensils in the kitchen’s dishwasher and chatting lightly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ride me,” Tony said, his hands gripping Steve’s waist tight. “Want to watch you bouncing on me,” he added, guiding Steve back until his ass brushed Tony’s sensitive and dripping cock.
Overwhelmed with emotions and sensations, Steve stilled his rutting against the pillows. The blonde stared at the small headboard of the lounge bed, his eyes almost glazed as he focused on what Tony was doing to his body behind him.
Merfolk from adjoining pods had spoken of mermaids and mermen being taken by humans nearby, being experimented on and tested. They all should have been more careful.
“Rhodey? I’ll take it.”
Steve and Tony meet for the first time; Tony finds himself both in love and disgust with Steve's kitchen.
However, neither Steve nor his partner beside him revealed their identities to each other. By now, the two of them were the only people still embracing their masks upon their face.
That rarely happened, anymore.
“No.” Steve challenged. “I know I fucked up badly, Pepper, but this is Tony. The Tony who never gave up on me, who persevered through everything that I would fall to my knees to, by myself. He was the one who’s always pushed through his dad just to see me. The one to endure through his torments, his abuse, and listen to him as well as he possibly could… and it was all for
“I love you, Steve, but seriously. Shut up and just keep kissing me.”
───────
✧ ─────── ♡ ─────── ✧
“Hey!” Bruce puffed, more irritated than he was angry — thankfully. “I like raisin-oatmeal cookies! Especially when Steve makes them.”
Fortunately, Tony didn’t seem to notice Steve’s abrupt drop in mood.
“Oh come on, Steve! Breakfast can wait; this can’t!”
Tony’s face and ears immediately turned pink from the sudden compliment, and he dipped his head in order to hide the blush that began spread across his skin.
MADE HIM FEEL SPECIAL AND HAPPY AND YOU JUST FUCKING LEFT HIM THERE?!”
— a lot. And I really hope you do too; actually I’ve been hoping for quite a while now, — As in I hope that you loved me back; not yourself — Not that I’m saying that you shouldn’t love who you are, but I meant as in like you lov—“
“I know.” He whispered, his head hung down in remorse. “I know what I did to him, and I whole-heartedly know that it was wrong. It wasn’t fair for me to leave him like that. It wasn’t right.”
Especially for a certain blond’s heart.
Every day that separated the two of them tore a hole in Steve’s heart and he could only reminiscence about the times when he and Tony would go to each other when they were seeking help but were too afraid or embarrassed to explain their problems to their parents — or when they just simply missed each other’s presence. When they were young, the two of them frequently found themselves sneaking into each other’s bedrooms at night just because one of them had experienced a nightmare. From stealing each other’s food and hijacking each other’s training-horses, the two of them were basically inseparable. However, it all started changing when the two of them were advised to start looking for potential spouses for when they inherited their respective kingdoms in the future.
“Thanks, I guess… It still doesn’t guarantee that he’ll feel the same way about me that I do for him…”
“Every time. Even if I was offered a better offer than that for a million more times. I still would given it all up,
Maybe he should just suffer through it and crash into his bad right after. Perhaps falling asleep will help him to get through the uneasiness that’ll undoubtedly come after eating cheap takeout and frozen
“Mmm, sure, sweetheart,” Steve mumbled into Tony’s side as they realigned themselves to go back to cuddling. “You’re most likely right.”
“I’m well aware that Anthony is quite an extraordinary, young prince, but do tell me once more what it is that you see in him, Steven.” His father requested.
“There better be snickerdoodles!” exclaimed an impatient — and hungry — Clint. “I’m
─────── ♡ ───────
“That won’t be necessary, but thank you for the welcoming,” He told the nearest guard.
Tony smirked, “Well, I am quite skilled after all…”
“Yeah, okay.” He heard the genius’ breath gradually slow down to a steady pace. “Got it, currently enjoying the moment.”
The two of them were supposed to rehearse the end of the “Satisfied” where it ended with Alexander and Eliza kissing but right at the end of Pepper’s performance of the song, Steve chickened out and ran outside into the auditorium’s parking lot where the sun was beginning to set, to catch his breath.
The blond took a step closer, fully aware of Tony’s charily gaze on him. He took another step. And then another. And then another, until he was directly in front of him.
“Then maybe we should start doing them more often again.” Tony suggested, smugly.
“Well, what am I going to do, Buck?” Steve exclaimed. “I’m still new to this business stuff, and more often than not, I have no clue what I’m fucking doing! Sure, I have Pepper but it all truly depends on me to keep this company running and stable enough to even bring food on the table! I have to keep working, can’t you see? I’ve got to keep learning and improving and once I’m able to run this company in my sleep, I’ll let myself enjoy a good meal.”
were always my dream life and frankly, Broadway doesn’t include you, and if Broadway doesn’t include you, then I don’t ever want to leave.”
Book Title: Someone Who Will Love You in All Your Damaged Glory
“You better.” Pepper threatened him. “Because if you make things any worse between the two of you, I’ll personally make sure that you’ll never forget it.”
“You were, weren’t you?” His mother, Sarah, pried. “You’re so in love, Stevie, it’s both humorous and obnoxious at the same time. But in a good way, of course.”
?” Tony questioned with an arched eyebrow. “And don’t worry ‘bout it, Steve. I could listen to
“Is this all okay to you?” He stopped to wait for the brunet’s answer.
A couple of minutes later, Tony was bursting through the main auditorium doors as he despairingly scanned the view for Steve and his face instantly flushed with relief when he spotted the blond sitting alone by himself. Steve contemplated moving away and running off before Tony could approach him but eventually decided against it and shifted over a few inches to let the genius sit down next to him.
“Yeah,” Nat answered as she munched on some more popcorn and snuggled deeper into the couch under her massive, fluffy blanket. “But we’re watching it again because Thor hasn’t seen it yet.”
Tony. He won’t confess to you any of this, but he really does want you back, despite the trouble that you had left him in.”
The moment he had left the Starks’ property, his phone had buzzed with an apology text from his boyfriend. When he didn’t respond, it continued to buzz, his messages inbox rapidly piling up with Tony’s anguished apologies. By the 104th text from Tony pleading Steve to forgive him, he resolved to turning off his phone while he tried to pay attention to the movie that his friends were presently watching. Natasha had suggested that he could sleep over with the rest of the group, and he was quick accepted her invitation in order to avoid the possibility of seeing his boyfriend at his doorstep the next morning. He ignored the genius’ texts all the way until the next evening, and began to skim through all of them while his friends picked out another movie for the following night. When he reached the bottom of his text messages, Steve briefly caught onto the seven last words that hauntingly stared back up at him from his phone screen:
Rogers cracked a grin and let go of their intertwined hands. “Is that Italian? You speak it marvelously.”
His only option right now was to cherish each second that he currently possessed and not let a moment of it go to waste.
By the time Tony had noticed that he was already three-fourths done with his university experience, it had already been too late to enjoy it all properly. The best he could do was reminisce his past year with Steve and his band of crazy mis-fits that had immediately accepted the brunet as one of their own.
“Never-mind.”
“I really do love him, more than anything, Pepper. If you could just give me a chance to prove it. Just one is enough, and if he doesn’t want to listen, I’ll stop bothering you guys.”
Rhodey gave him an annoyed glance as he pushed the button to open the elevator doors, “Steve? Are you in here, man? I’ve brought someone for you to meet!”
The two of them simultaneously stared off into the night sky.
Tony’s surprised eyes had been frozen on Rhodey’s face the entire time he had been talking and sighing, his best friend pressed on, “Please, Tones. You’ve been stuck in here for how long now? A week? You know what that does to your body; you know what happens when you don’t let yourself do your crazy experimenting shit in the kitchen after a while - you start to lose control of yourself! Pepper and I really don’t want to have to drag you out of one of those dumps that you plop yourself into, again. It hurts us enough to watch you mope around your apartment; imagine what it’s doing to you, and you don’t even realize it! And as weird as this is saying it but: you’ve got to let that freaky, nerdy chef side of you take over once in a while and just let yourself go crazy cooking! ‘Cause, believe me, it really works for you: it lets you to truly be yourself, and there’s nothing better than me or Pepper walking into a kitchen one day, to find you in there with a smile on your face.”
Steve shut his eyelids in frustration, the aching panic of a declined request arising and swarming up into his lungs. He futilely needed to convince Pepper to let him see Tony, otherwise he had no hope of him ever seeing the genius again.
not eating those nasty raisin-oatmeal cookies.”
“I did,” The queen of Redinaroom smiled not-so-innocently, at her husband. “Steve, you know that he’s too flustered to admit that he actually likes these kinds of events.”
Strangely enough, the location of the book that he needed to find, was in the exact same spot that Steve and Tony had met and talked for the very first time. A pleasant aura washed over his body as he entered the enormous fiction-section of the library.
There was also the opportunity to use some actual good tools and technology to be able to finally make those recipes that he’s buried deep in his head because the tools that he’s needed to cook some of these highly-complicated foods were inaccessible to him. Tony’s never used a smart-fridge or an automatic pan stirrer with a timer before, although they were extremely unnecessary, he’s always dreamed of being to utilize the best types of tech for his most complex and intricate recipes. Curse his brain and its stupid fascination and love of technology.
For a moment, he’s taken back to the sunsets that used to paint the Malibu house. How the sleek, smoothed surfaces, curved of titanium and glass, reflected the burning yellows, reds, and oranges like a mirage upon every surface as the sun sank beneath the ocean. The image is inescapable and utterly seared into his brain.
It takes a second for the image to sway into focus and an even longer one for it to fully register. A grey and blue haze finds structure, and Tony squints, eyes fixating on the arc reactor. It shimmers bright and blue underneath the thin, black spandex fabric of the Iron Man undersuit.
Tony couldn’t hold on to that anger. He couldn’t. Not when…
The touch, the voice, all surrounding him in a warm cocoon made him feel safer than he had in a long time.
Not a lot of things tended to surprise Tony. After his stint in Afghanistan, he liked to think he became good at predicting how the world worked. Each lesson after that only added lines to his programming so he could better predict and handle the next Big Thing. Seeing Thor’s smiling face taking up the entire holoscreen was not one of those things. Especially some new and improved Thor who looked like he’d decided he wanted to take a role in the next
In the darkened recesses of his brain where someone has oh so inconveniently switched off the lights, Tony musters enough clarity to connect this feeling to the ones usually following exhaustion induced black-outs caused by five-day lab bingers – his longest being eight days. A feat never reached again after those Ritalin, Adderall, and caffeine induced years of college study at MIT. These black-outs (unfortunately, if you ask him) always tended to last for about fourteen hours in spite of the six-hour average a normal adult gets in the United States.
Turning back, he caught the man’s eyes flicker to his for a second. The look was similar to all the one’s he’d received whenever he mentioned he was a veteran. A mixture of pride and respect and honor Steve never felt he deserved. But this look was also different in a gaping, vast sort of way he couldn’t place his finger on. This look didn’t make Steve squirm in discomfort, and he felt a sense of pride wash over him. He supposed this was what he was supposed to feel; he liked the look in those eyes. It made him proud to be the one that got to put it there.
In hopes of keeping the dizziness at bay, Tony circles around slowly, eyes caught on the far-off horizons trapping him like a crop circle. There seems to be some indication of trees far off, stabbing through the orange sky like dripping ink blots. It’s an eerie sight. A chill runs through him, but it looks the only way to go. Everything else is… tar and horizon.
He didn’t have the energy for this. Not right now. He couldn’t.
Steve’s skin heated even more, and he knew the blush had to be covering the back of his neck by now. He reached up, rubbing at it. Always so conspicuous, his mind supplied in a voice that sounded like his ma, making Steve’s heart contract.
Looking down with keen gaze, Tony scans the immediate area. It’s all black.
Tony raises his hands to rub at his eyes in hopes of bringing more awareness to himself as the last remnants of sleep seep from his pores. When his hand meets his face, though, Tony pauses, brow furrowing at the cool sliminess being wiped from his palm.
Running his hands through his hair, he pressed the blunt ends of his fingertips into his scalp. The feeling was a muted ghost of the scraping nails he’d now bitten to buds. Still, the psychosomatic tick was better than nothing at all.
Getting off the couch before he even made it to the halfway point, Pepper marched towards him, a frown already marring her features. Tony sighed inwardly. Now that look was far more customary, and he felt himself slump inward even more. This is what Violet, Sunny, and Klaus Baudelaire must’ve constantly felt like after their parents died. It really would have been easier if he could have just left this  over voicemail, he thought on a resigned sigh.
Her eyes bored into him; Tony could feel how they roamed over his face. When he didn’t respond right away, he steeled himself and opened them to look at her. Her features were closed off, and she stared at him with this empty look, pursing her lips.
He checked his watch and then closed the case with a firm
on the rest of us by going after his one true love. Honestly, I’m not sure if I was a Montague or Capulet, so if you get ahold of the dream duo, ask ‘em for me, would ya? In fact, if you want answers period, don’t bother calling me. I’m actually sorry to say that I don’t fucking have them. O’ Captain Your Captain should, though. Why don’t you give him a ring? In the meantime, is there anything else I can help you gentlemen with?”
“Steve,” Mr. Stark repeated, and Steve knew there was no way to mistake the delicateness in his tone. The way his name came out with breathy awe, said in a low way that made him wonder if anyone else heard it. Heard the way his name seemed to hitch over Mr. Stark’s tongue and roll off in one, fluid motion. Steve wondered how his name tasted. If it was good. If Tony Stark liked saying it as much as Steve liked hearing it because he’d never heard it said quite like that before. Mr. Stark cleared his throat, turning with tentative movements to face the room again. “And if you’ll all be so kind as to show Mr. Rogers the ropes. I…” he coughed, peaking at Steve before he continued. “I hear he’s got more talent and dedication than most.”
A bitter pang tries to break through the blank slate filtering the thoughts in his mind. Tony pushes the feeling away. Right now, he needs to think and as reminiscent of a sunset this may seem, there’s a slight problem with his theory: there is no sun.
There was something coming. Tony could feel that much deep within the marrow of his bones. He
Following their lead, he glanced back, watching the man strut out, raising his head like a cat prancing about. He skipped past them, giving Bucky a saccharine smirk.
Anyway, Tony’s fairly positive all that was long ago. Left in simpler, happier days where it was still just the two of them against the world.
Tony glanced over at his suit standing behind the glass casing like some relic in a museum. Lights shone down on it and he threw his head down with a gulp. A long time ago – ages ago, really – the suit of Captain America had stood under similar lighting on a mannequin stuffed with enough polyester to fill a woolly mammoth. He could recall the childish thought, a thought only a six-year-old could have, that even with all those polyester steroid shots, the dummy still managed not to fill the suit. There was a concave dip here, an odd bump there to prove it. It was a pathetic attempt to emblazon immortality on a man already dead.
Maybe he’s just as bored as Bucky, Steve thought.
“What do you mean?” she demanded, features hard as she searched his face in that intimate way. The one that meant she was preparing for him to disappoint her again. “What’s going on?”
He wore a sleek button up shirt surging with golds and reds, buttons parting all the way down the man’s chest to then join back together just above his navel. The shirt was hanging open enough for Steve to catch a glimpse of a gorgeous, lithe frame and a hint of the slight, angry mottling of red, puffed up skin at the center of his chest. Like the man had been gouged and burned by something very large.
“I’m kind of nervous about going to this gala,” Steve confessed to Natasha, who straightened the tie of his replica uniform. He still had his old uniform, but even in its impeccably preserved state, natural cotton and wool could only be conserved for so long until the natural fibers broke down.
Steve nosed at the neckline of the brunette’s shirt, pushing the fabric down to reveal the light tan skin there. Humming against the taut flesh, Steve tenderly licked at the area, the flat of his tongue coursing over smooth, warm skin. Tony’s head fell back against the back of the chair then, and his one hand found its way to Steve’s back, his fingers slipping over the textured fabric of his lover’s nightie.
“Something will come up, Steve. You’ll find your friend again. I’m sure of it.”
“And what is your name?” Steve asked, his cheeks warming from being caught.
“Oh, of course,” Steve replied, walking with Tony towards the bed.
“No reason to fret, Steve,” Tony assured him. “I just want our doctor to watch over you for a small while until your wounds are healed some. If you enter the ocean now, I fear that predators would swarm you within moments.” Tony looked at him with genuine worry, which Steve truly appreciated. But Steve needed to get back to his group and warn them of the humans that were passing above their home. He also didn’t feel safe on this ship unless Tony was with him. Surely the man had other things to do besides play nanny to an injured sea creature.
He realized though, that it was mere desperate hope that fueled his actions. And that there was nothing more to be done. Pepper wasn’t coming back.
“Mmm, yeah maybe I do,” Tony purred, a hand drifting down to tickle the bottom of one of Steve’s feet.
Kneeling down, Tony wiped the man’s strong thighs, pressing a kiss to the inside of each one before tracing the cloth down the rest of his legs. “You doing okay, Stevie?” He asked, standing to cleanse the man’s gorgeously broad back.
Steve imagined himself in the lingerie and immediately felt his body respond. He didn’t want to wear the garment without showering first, though; he did just run 10 miles. So, he headed to Tony’s bathroom and took a nice hot shower, scrubbing all the sweat and grime off until his body was bright pink, skin sensitive.
“I’ve got your back, Ferris,” Tony said with an easy smile, and Steve’s chest flooded with warmth, knowing that Tony had remembered the story he told him those few months ago.
Needless to say, that small thread, so weak and fraying as it tied Steve and Tony together in that altering moment, had broken.
“Uhn,” Steve whimpered, his hands bunching at the nightie he wore, pulling it to the front of him to keep the fabric out of Tony’s way.
“I will,” Steve responded causally, winking at the genius. “Patience is a virtue, ya know,” he added before finally reaching his wet hand down to palm at his sac and perineum before massaging at the entrance with the pads of his fingertips.
“He’s probably on an inventing spree. You know how gets.” Bruce gave him a friendly smile and a pat on the shoulder before he headed back down to his own science lab. Steve thought about what Bruce said, knowing the quiet man was most likely right. Steve really needed to calm down. It was Tony, he was a genius who always had something to work on. Still, it all just seemed off to him. Shaking his head from his thoughts, Steve decided to distract his mind with some strength conditioning exercises. That would help!
“Nah,” Tony said, leaning back in his chair. “I owe it to you most. Plus, could you imagine all of us trying to agree on one thing?” Tony laughed. Steve chuckled too, looking down at his mostly empty plate.
“I’m glad you’re happy,” he remarked, clearing his throat and peering into his cup. He felt silly being here. Yeah, he wanted to see Pepper, to see her in a new light, as a friend. And yet, there had been something inside him that thought that when they saw each other, there would be a rekindling, a revelation on Pepper’s part, where she would realize that they were the ones for each other, the perfect piece to Tony’s puzzle.
“I’m what?!” Steve questioned, his own voice now raised. “No I’m not. I’m doing no such thing Tony!” Steve explained, brows furrowed in disappointment at his boyfriend’s statement. “How could you think such a thing?” And alright, now Tony was at a loss for words…that never happens.
“What’re you sketching?” Tony asked, changing the subject. If Steve was eyeing someone up, his battle was already lost. Steve looked down, adding a few more strokes of the pencil before closing it.
“Tony,
“Will you both save it?” Clint whined, and Natasha nudged him. “Well it’s true, they are always at each other’s throats,” he added, putting away his bow and turning for the quinjet.
