love Steve? (He’s pretty sure there are some supervillains who love Steve. Loki keeps giving him the side-eye.)
“Then all you need is the power source.” Tony turns and puts his hands together in mock supplication. “Please tell me you used your magic powers to locate my salvation.”
He waves at Darcy behind the bar, taking his favorite seat at the back corner, where he can see everything fairly comfortably. Darcy knows him well enough to have his dressed-up seltzer water ready, which would be sad except, well. Tony hasn’t left the tower in years, his measure for what’s sad and pathetic is kind of off.
“Yes, and I’m starting to see why he left. The man is impossible to work with, and this coming from me.” She finishes her drink, sets the glass down gently and taps her nails on the table-top. “I would almost rather be out on call, it’s only so long before his obstinance drives me to violence.”
He's surreptitiously scanning the crowd, trying to see if he can spot the guy Tasha said was staring, but he can’t identify anyone watching him. He makes it to the bar and orders for them all, handing over Bucky’s card and smiling at the bartender.
He’s not a complete dumbass, no matter what Bucky says. He knows something like this will change everything. He knows, too, that Tony’s not being completely truthful with him, either. He still hasn’t figured out exactly what Tony’s holding back but he’s not going to go snooping for it. Tony will tell him when he’s ready. He’s pretty sure it’s something along the lines of “I was sold to Stark Industries as a baby, learned shapes by reading blueprints, colors by playing with red and black wires, and didn’t see sunlight ‘til I was twenty.”
Tony flops down onto the grass, unconcerned with the designer suit he’s covering with grass stains. Steve continues to stand stiffy by the entrance to the elevator, hands clasped behind him.
Yinsen gives him a fondly exasperated look and begins to explain: “As you know, the biggest  flaw in your father’s design for you is the reliance on zydrate as primary fuel.”
“She’s right.” Steve stares at Bucky, who just shrugs. “When’s the last time you had a conversation with someone not connected to your work?”
Tony strides into his second favorite, maybe third, place to be not even remotely paying attention to his surroundings. All his digging and trawling in the old as fuck archives has finally come to fruition, he found
“Hi yourself,” Steve kisses the tip of his nose, “Are you alright? I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable.”
Tony nods. “I hit him in the head with a fire extinguisher.” Pepper’s laugh could pass for a sob, and it startles a chuckle out of Tony too. “He went down like a bag of rocks.” Suddenly they’re giggling in the elevator, all the way to Tony’s lab. They stumble out and collapse on the lab couch, Tony only wincing a little at the jostling. They both ignore the tears streaming down each other’s faces with extreme dignity.
Steve holds him a little tighter as the elevator slides to a stop on Obiadiah’s floor. “Tony, I know I have no right to say this, but I’m so sorry – “
“Yes,” Natasha interrupts, and all eyes turn to her. She’s using the tone of voice that means she has a plan of some kind, and she’s focused on the crowd near the bar, with a sly smile on her lips. “We should get another round.”
The elevator closes behind them and Pepper sags, all the steel going out of her spine in a rush of air. “Jesus, Tony. Are you alright? Is Yinsen…”
Now, they’re standing in the kitchen and living area, Tony leaning against the couch and talking at Steve which Steve makes them sandwiches. Tony is talking about all the initiatives that Stark Industries spearheads when he clears his throat and stands up straighter.
“And you’re a lot closer than twenty paces right now.” Steve takes his drink and settles one hip against the bar. “You’re wrong about two things, though.”
“You’re back,” Bucky looks up from a tablet he’s reading from, “Thought you said you’d be another hour.”
Bruce is a god-send, his science bro, the person he can hide in the lab with for hours. Physics and engineering go together quite well, and Bruce is the first new roomie he’s really comfortable around. Giant green rage monster and all. They get along even better once Bruce stops trying to convince him to do yoga and drink kale smoothies and Tony stops poking Bruce with random sharp objects.
The door slides open again and Bucky and Natasha hurry through the door, Bucky immediately kneeling next to Steve and engulfing him in the kind of hug Steve’s been craving. He pulls back after a minute and puts a hand on the back of Steve’s neck, looking him straight in the eye. “How fucked up did everything get?”
does any of that mean?” The door is slammed in his face before the sentence is all the way out, and Tony’s stuck in this stupid unused back lab. But even an unused lab should have –
He’s almost calm, at least until he looks Tony’s way again, at which point Steve’s stomach ends up in his throat. Standing on Pepper’s right, Tony himself looks wired, his smile a little too wide, his eyes too tight and anxious. What Steve really wants is to be able to go to him and smooth away the stress with a joke or just a nudge, and the knowledge that he can’t is like a physical ache.
The barrage of questions were never ending. “Who is looking after Peter?” Natasha asked, breaking her dad’s rush of questions.
Steve had avoided Natasha, not wanting to have to fight his own daughter. He was furious at Tony for getting her involved, but she was here, and there wasn’t anything he could do about it. All he could do was fight the next person who got in his way. That person just so happened to be the new kid on the block. Spiderman. Steve threw some weak punches, but the kid almost beat him. He knew he had to step it up when suddenly his legs were swept from underneath him, pulled away by some strange sort of webbing.
That was true. She was only 15 and he was 17, but she was determined not to let age get in the way. They had met back in 2012, and had been dating for two months. Clint had set them up, and they had been happy, but Natasha was desperate for her parents not to find out, they had only just become comfortable with Bruce when he came around to help Peter and Tony in the workshop, as Peter really admired the school star. They both went to midtown tech, and Bruce had almost become an older brother to Peter.
“Hey Dad, can I talk to you for a minute?” Peter asked, sticking his head round the doorframe. Tony nodded his head and patted the seat next to him, which Peter quickly sat in. “Um… I know you saw. You know, me on the ceiling, and I think it’s time I offered an explanation. When I was at Oscorp, I was bitten by a genetically engineered spider”
Shoving Tony off him, Steve ran towards the hangar. Tony instantly became distracted by Peter, who was filming everything.
I have dark things in mind for this story plot, so keep reading and the next chapter will be out very soon!
“Certainly Miss Romanoff.” The sassy AI quipped back, knowing full well that Natasha hated being called Miss Romanoff.
The fight continued, but Tony was weaker. He had lost the urge to fight. So when Bucky pulled him down, he stayed down, assuming that would be the end of it. But Steve raised his shield, aiming it at Tony’s exposed head. Instinctively Tony brought his arms up to block the blow, but Steve brought his shield down on Tony’s arc reactor, and a sudden jolt of pain hit Tony. All three of the men were silent for a moment, before their attention was drawn to the two small figures cowering in the corner, one letting out the muffled sound of a sob. Natasha had her arm around Peter, who was huddled into her side, not looking at the carnage in front of him. Natasha, however, was surveying the scene before her, her mouth open in a silent O.
The final question came rolling in. “Who do you think this new Spiderman is? And is he going to be a new addition to the Avengers?”
Also can we talk about - two chapters written in one day! I'm proud of myself, even if the chapter didn't come out like I wanted it to. I won't be including all of the marvel films, but I can tell you that the next few chapters are going to be based on civil war and there will definitely be Infinity War chapters! As always like and comment if you are liking the story!
Natasha internally cursed, annoyed at her outfit and it’s lack of help. Normally, both Peter and Natasha would wear their specially made suits Tony had designed for them after he accepted that he couldn’t stop their crime fighting, but today Natasha had skipped training in favour of hanging out with her friends, wearing only a flimsy, short, 1950s style blue dress with flowers on, which really wasn’t offering any protection at the moment in time. Peter hadn’t got his suit on either, as he never wore it at home, unless he was improving it. When Natasha had been swiped, she had heard one of the men commenting on her outfit, with another replying “Easy access” before laughing loudly, and she had felt sick to her stomach.
“I felt something, when I was at Oscorp, and we were looking at the spiders, and Ned said… Oh my God. Ned said there were only 13.”
“He’s right here. Hey Stark.” Steve’s distinctive voice jolted Tony out of his teary daze. He finally let go of Natasha, but opted to keep a hand on her shoulder, fearful of the idea that if he let go, he would lose her again. Steve however, had other plans. In two swift movements he closed the gap between him and Tony, and gathered both Tony and Natasha into his arms, finally letting the tears fall from his eyes. What happened in the past with Tony needed to stay in the past. The only thing that mattered right now was each other’s pain.
“Oh my God!” Natasha whispered as she looked down at the tiny thing in her hand. “Thank you so much!” she said, pulling both Steve and Tony into a hug.
“Do whatever you need to do. Get them back.” The last words were more like a threat than a plea, but Tony couldn’t care less.
“Say it. Say the words on the card, and he doesn’t get hurt.” A familiar voice spoke. Natasha knew it immediately.
Without hesitation both Pete and Natasha held up Tony’s mask. “He is always testing stuff on himself and he keeps getting himself into bad situations all the time! I swear we look after him more than he looks after us.” Pete explained.
“What is this place?” Peter thought to himself as he looked around the vast orange plain. His head was reeling and his body was numb. “What happened?” He pondered aloud.
The butt of an AR hitting her head caused Natasha to finally stop screaming, and as the black bag was pulled off her head she struggled to keep the tears in. A man yelled at her in Russian and forced a sign into her hands, forcing her to look directly into a camera pointed at her face. Peter was sat right next to her, head bowed, a large black eye forming.
Natasha reached out and placed a soft hand on the baby’s head, and after a moment of deliberation, brought it down with as much force as she could muster, smacking the baby on the arm, causing him to wake up screaming. Natasha smiled to herself, but was quickly pulled aside by Steve, who tutted disapprovingly at her.
“Nat!” Tony said, moving cautiously towards her in order not to disturb the sleeping baby in his arms. Behind her Wanda Maximoff stood a pace or two behind, clearly out of breath. “What, a two year old too much for you?” Tony teased, looking in her direction.
Okay so I'm not entirely sure what this chapter was doing in terms of plot but I wanted to add a bit more of the Natasha/Peter dynamic! I can't upload much for a couple of days, but I'll make up for it I promise!
Steve continued to rummage in the box until he pulled out a photo of Natasha and Peter, both wearing the Stars and Striped outfits that the girls used to wear in Captain America’s old commercials. “Now this, needs to be burnt!” He declared, turning the photo so Tony could see it.
“How long has that been going on Peter? Don’t lie to me.” The worry clear in his voice and eyes. He looked down at his world, and the pain on Peter’s face broke his heart.
Peter began to slowly let go of the ceiling, and proceeded to back-flip off the wall and landed perfectly, standing up in amazement. “Woah. Now that, was totally awesome”
Dressed in a simple blue suit, he walked confidently behind his parents as they walked out on stage, the audience going wild. Natasha followed behind, wearing a black jumpsuit, and sat down next to Tony.
So I'm hoping to write another chapter very soon (maybe even tonight) so I hope you all enjoy this one! The next couple of plot points are very action focused so I thought I would write some fluff to make up for it! As always Like and Comment if you're enjoying the story so far!
“I was disabled, but have now looked for the location of Miss Romanoff and Mr Parker. I have found no trace.”
Hey guys! So I'm quite proud that I've been able to upload nearly everyday! Anyway this chapter is just a bit of fluff because it's cute and easy to write! I wanted to focus a bit more on Peter and so the next chapter will be all him!
“This bitch empty. YEET!” Peter yelled, throwing the can across the room, hitting one of Tony’s robots in the process.
“Dad! DAD!” Came Peter’s voice from the stairs. “Can you sign my permission slip for my school trip? Don’t worry Ned said his mum would take us!”
“Ah. Here you all are.” The familiar low, husky voice said. It didn’t need saying, they all knew who it was. “Now. I have something special lined up for those who fought against me. I think you’ll love it.” The purple Titan emerged from a cloud of fog, and gestured towards each of the avengers. 11 doors appeared, each with a name etched above it.
“Ten more minutes? That’s not enough time!” Peter thought, as he quickly sprinted to the next exhibition. “Ned come here look at this!”
“Right… okay. Here do you want some of this?” Tony handed Peter his can of coke, placing his hand on his sons shoulder.
“How did we get here?” Tony thought to himself, as he wrapped a protective arm around Natasha, pulling her closer to him as if to shield her from what was about to happen.
“NATASHA!” another voice shouted from even further away. Tony’s face crumpled when he saw her leg and the bruises on her face, and immediately gathered all the avenger’s together, except the Hulk of course, and assigned them with different ways of helping Natasha.
“God you’re so boring stop moping!” A heavily accented voice interrupted her thoughts. Shuri, the Wakandan Princess, stood above her, hands on hips. “Come on! I have something to show you!”
Steve glimpsed Tony fighting Wanda over Peter’s red and blue shoulder, and immediately tensed up. “I have to go Pete. I’m sorry.” He shouted over his shoulder as he raced towards the self-proclaimed hero.
He felt a jolt of pain running down his back from the sizeable lump on the back of his neck, and had to stop his campaign towards the robot, falling to the floor. A robot advanced behind him, and Peter instinctively jumped, avoiding the onslaught of lazers.
Peter walked into the sitting room and plonked himself down in front of the TV, turning it on to watch Star Wars, his favourite films of all time. He pulled out his phone and began to text Ned and MJ
“Thor, Maria, Fury anyone STEVE Natasha is down there with HULK! He is gonna hurt her someone help!” Natasha could hear Tony plead with anyone listening, but she knew that no one would be able to get to her quickly.
Peter hadn’t been to school since the day after the bite incident, and even then he had spent the whole day with his head down, not even talking to MJ or Ned except when necessary. Yes, Natasha had walked him to school every single day since, but each time he reached the gates, he would put on his new suit and swing around town, looking for petty crime he could stop.
“So, this is not how you thought the night would go?” The much older man said to her after slapping her in the face, sending her newly dyed red hair flying behind her. Her identity was much harder to keep secret, now that she was being sent on missions, though neither Steve nor Tony knew of her activities.
“I mean, I know teenage boys your age go through some changes, but I meant puberty! Jesus Pete you can’t join the Avengers! You know it’s not safe and I won’t let anything happen to you.” Tony said, starting to get up.
He set off through the canopy of trees, swinging from vines from tree to tree. When he approached the origin of the sound he slowed, creeping carefully across branches to look down at the mess below.
“Risk dehydration to stay here and work on the suit or wonder alone into the jungle and probably get eaten by a hippopotamus?” She wondered aloud. “Or option three where I get malaria no matter what I choose and die anyway?” she continued, slapping a mosquito that had landed on her arm.
Toni knew she had to say it now. Soon they would be in a flurry of activity, being debriefed by the Wakandan authorities, by SHIELD, catching up with Rhodey and Pepper and the rest of the Avengers, and then likely any family or friends of Steve still living. She had no intention of leaving Steve’s side through all this, but she knew privacy was about to be hard to come by.
He slowly (for her benefit she was sure) climbed down the tree, his flexing shoulders pressed up against her face, making her suppress a smirk.
She looked at him strangely now, an expression he had not seen before. It was with a head tilt and a slightly furrowed brow, as though she were confused by his actions. However the hint of a smile and wistful look in her eye indicated she liked it?
“What’s going on? Too loud for you?” she asked absently, still working on the chest plate in front of her.
Toni continued to speak as he picked up some fragrant leaves, pressing them in his hands to extract the cleansing liquid. “Or maybe this is like the sexual tension scene in a horror movie, where the leads ignore the imminent danger and just fuck, all hot and steamy. I look like I had a recent encounter with Freddy Krueger, so it fits the bill – shit!”
Eventually he rolled off her and on to his side, wrapping his arms around her so he could keep cuddling her. He reached up to stroke her cheek in the most tooth-rottingly sweet and romantic way, smiling at her like she was the sun or the moon or something else ridiculously poetic.
He tilted his head, watching her hand brush against her chest. Figuring the other parts of her chest may be distracting, she reached out to grab his arms, guiding them to be outstretched so she could examine him for a scar to convey her meaning.
Toni knew he was a fast learner, but this was remarkable. Every cue, every sigh or nudge was followed eagerly. He applied a fast, off-centre rubbing of his tongue that had her climbing quickly her to peak, alternating with leisurely sucking that seemed to do as much for him as for her.
Now the worst was behind them. There would always be bad guys the Avengers needed to fight, but none like Thanos. And there were more of them now, the Avengers. It did not always have to be Iron Woman.
Princess Shuri had been a most welcome and entertaining rescue call, using Wakandan stealth tech to triangulate the signal of her connection. Rescue was only hours away, tagged to the comm device she now carried with her as she and Cap made their way back to the suit.
It had a smooth face, no nose, just eyes. Again, it looked… not real. He tilted his head, unsure what this could be when all of a sudden it
He looked older than Steve, but not by much. He had dark hair and had obviously dressed up for the occasion, wearing his service uniform. The closest resemblance between the two was their big puppy-dog eyes. They both looked lost, staring awkwardly at each other from across the room. After a couple of moments of drawn-out silence, Toni could stand it no longer.
The man moved slowly, gesturing to her bleeding leg and vocalising lowly as he pointed, like a grunt.
She tasted even better than she smelled. The softness of her lips, the little sighs and moans made his heart flutter every time without fail.
“Yeah Steve, I can. I can spend hours, weeks, working on armour for you because if I don’t? If something goes wrong and you are left unprotected… that’s on me. You’re strong and smart and supercharged but I
“That includes a rested and healthy Iron Woman.” He shot back before sighing. “Look Toni if you want to be down here working through this, then I will support you. I’ll bring you food, I’ll hold parts and run your errands-“
Her hand was scant inches away from the arm of her suit. If she could pick up the arm, aim it and hit the flare trigger, she was sure it would buy her time. Could she move slow enough to not provoke the leopard to attack? Should she move fast and
Cap sat with this kind being for hours, allowing it to rake its hands through his hair and tug curiously at his clothes. Though they could not communicate, it seemed that he could do far worse for company. So when the animal got up to leave and beckoned Cap to follow, he did.
“Who taught you to be such a tease? Because it wasn’t me.” She said weakly, tugging on his hair as though to punish him. It felt amazing.
“No. I’m ok – I found my own personal hero here in the jungle to keep me safe.” She said, throwing Cap a smirk.
Toni hissed slightly as the liquid hit her wounds, the sting sharp. He looked at her with regret but spread the liquid over the worst of the claw marks. He knew from experience how much it burned, so he raised her calf ever so slightly and blew softly on the red scratches.
They were as they always were. Foraging, grooming. The young ones played in the safety of the circle of the females. Sister welcomed him back with a coo, tapping his arm to turn around so she could groom him. Another Sister leaned against his leg.
“Ok Cap.” She said, stroking the side of his face. He leaned into it like a cat, chasing her affection before he moved his head to her crotch, once again inhaling deeply.
Toni grinned at him. “Oh baby, right back at you. I’m going to spoil you so bad you’re never gonna want to leave me.”
“God, you… You could tempt a saint. How am I, of all people, supposed to resist you?” she asked against his lips.
“What… you are flawless. Literally. There’s no way living out here that-” She started to say to him, confused. She met his eyes and was abruptly cut off, pulled out of her curiosity when she saw his lust-filled gaze. She could not help but shiver at the intense look he gave her.
“Colonel Phillips, do you read? Package is on board, but the controls are shot. Navigation is gone. Radar is gone. Location unknown, all I see is water. I don’t think I’ll make it to land. I- I’m going to have to put it in the water.” He spoke firmly, a tremor only entering his voice at the end.
“The canopy is too dense for us to land. We are going to have to engage our anti-gravitational sonic field to lift you. It may feel slightly disconcerting, but it is perfectly safe.” Came to voice of Shuri from Toni’s communicator.
He ran a light finger down the bridge of her nose, a gentle tickle to wake her slowly. Her nose twitched in response. He did it again and this time her brow furrowed, an uncoordinated hand coming up to bat away the irritant. He smiled. She was almost awake.
She chattered the whole time, and even let him help. He pried apart metal for her, held parts steady, acting as her third arm. Each time she smiled and thanked him, and he felt useful and valuable.
“There’s nothing that will kill me in the water, right? God even if there is, it’s worth it.” She said. She grabbed the material that covered her chest and slipped it off over her head, along with the pants she wore. He gulped nervously as he watched. She still wore form-fitting pieces of material covering her crotch and her breasts – as much as he was dying to see what was under them, he was quick to admit to himself that she looked incredibly appealing standing there almost naked. Her curves looked so soft that he ached to reach out and feel them. He had lifted her and brushed against her all day, but to do so without the light barrier of material between them seemed so very different.
Though still slightly distracted (first by the gorilla and increasingly by her nipples), Cap enjoyed their little language lessons she had been giving him over food. She felt carving out the alphabet on a banana skin was pretty resourceful. The speed at which he was picking it up further fueled her suspicions that his past was not entirely lost to him, but she did not want to push him too fast. Years without human company and some kind of amnesia were pretty traumatic and she couldn’t risk him getting upset and running away or lashing out at her.
He swept her on to the dance floor, holding her close. He did not have much talent for dancing, but he could certainly lead a simple slow waltz.
Thor held on tight, and Steve felt some of the power of the stones running through his own body into Thor’s mighty form. The pain lessened slightly.
Toni took a deep breath. If she had done this right, flicking this switch right here should option up a comms channel. She could be speaking to Jarvis in moments and if she could speak to Jarvis, then he could send rescue.
He tracked her movements closely – Toni had delivered commencement speeches at MIT that had received less attention than she was getting right now.
“Maybe…” she said, looking apprehensively over at the case she had told him to not, under any circumstances, open.
He would protect her, make sure she had food and water. Perhaps in return she would let him remain close to her. He wondered if she would maybe even teach him to understand what she was saying. Her words hung in the air, almost familiar to him but beyond his grasp.
Did she want him to keep looking at her? Did… might she want him to come closer to her? Perhaps… even touch her?
“Perfect. Stranded in the African jungle without a powered-up suit or my Bear Grylls survival guide. But hey, at least I got Fury’s toy back. That makes it worth it.” Toni muttered to herself. She sat up and looked around to get her bearings. The drone was crashed about 3 metres away, their respective crash landings having formed something of a clearing.
Toni was in too jovial a mood to be put off by that comment. She suspected Shuri was right anyway, and hoped that she would be willing to share some of her designs around the use of vibranium.
She had taken heavy fire in the fight, which must have been over an hour ago. The longer she flew without the critical maintenance her suit needed the worse it was going to be. Like driving on a flat tire.
The last several days with Toni were unlike any he remembered. They spoke, they laughed, they learned about each other, they pleasured each other. Being with her felt fulfilling in a way he had never even known he was missing.
Toni heard the leopard snarl once more, sounding even more savage. Through her pain she tracked the big cat with her eyes as it was wrenched up and launched through the air, back into the foliage. Then there was the naked back of a man standing directly in front of her.
She didn’t know how much of her message of consent got through, but judging by the eager way he urged her to wrap her legs around his head and the noises he made when he fingered her open, she figured it was safe to say his services were all voluntary.
Then, just as he thought he could not feel worse, his blood turned to ice and his stomach dropped even further with dread.
Trying to fix her suit with just a few screwdrivers and a mini welding iron would be like trying to perform neuro-surgery in a barn with a butter knife.
She gestured at him and then herself before casting a wide arm as though indicating the rest of the jungle. He guessed she was asking if there were any other people like him, or perhaps if he had seen any other members of her family.
She muttered to herself as she shifted through the wires, stripping back casing, popping up to tap gauges and open another control panel hidden in the left side of the cabin.
Toni knew that if he tried to draw her hand over to his erection she would happily take over, but he did not. He held her hand tightly, his other hand speeding up, his chest rising and falling rapidly as he approached his peak.
She slid her hand slowly down to rest it against the side of his neck. She saw the small shiver it elicited, feeling a smug sense of satisfaction at his responsiveness.
“Yes Miss, I have you. There has been a lot of concern about you since you went off radar. Do you need medical assistance?” Jarvis spoke, his accent such a contrast to the wild environment she had been living in.
He followed her movements like a magnet, sitting back to examine the apex of her thighs. She parted her legs ever so slightly in invitation, to see if he showed any hesitation. His nostrils flared and he leaned forward, staring at her.
“Ok Cap, that’s a pretty substantial leap there big guy. Let’s not go making promises while we’re post-coital, our brain chemistry isn’t right.” She said weakly.
As she gaped, in pain and confused at the muscular form in front of her, she heard the heavy thump of paws on bracken as the jungle cat relaunched its attack.
“Smart. You will fix this.” She looked at him curiously. Again, these were words she had used in front of him, but the way he strung it together…
“It’s like a perverted version of breakfast in bed. Get to it big guy.” Toni crossed her arms behind her head, confidently presenting her body to Cap.
Toni grunted as she pulled the knot tight, her leg now securely wrapped. He shifted his gaze back to her leg to assure himself they had done all they could for it, but he was unable to resist his gaze darting back to her chest one last time.
He had not seen creatures like this in the jungle. One was light and pointed, and now he looked closer, it had no discernible face. It was entirely still, not alive. His gaze moved to the bright red one that shine in the rays of sunlight that broke through the trees.
He took a deep breath, gathering his courage, and stepped forward to press his front gently against her back. He had remained tense, ready to jump back if she snarled or chastised him in any way.
! Yeah baby, you get me so wet. You’re so good, touch me just how I like, always want to make me feel good huh?” she asked, pulling his head back to look at him.
She looked up at the metal structure, shrouded in vines and moss from the last twenty years of neglect. The windscreen was now opaque in addition to being heavily cracked, so they could not see what it looked like inside.
He was panting and sweating heavily by the time he got back, bursting in through the wall to ensure that Toni was still there, was still safe.
His curious tongue traced her lips, quickly seeking out her clit. He licked over it, closely in tune with her responses to follow what gave her the most pleasure.
“Crash landed in the African jungle. No coordinates logged. Not exactly swimming in parts around here, no handy Radio Shack or even a LOST bunker. Took me a couple of days to work a miracle.” She said dryly.
“I – I would be interested to hear more about your sudden English-speaking abilities. In your own time of course. For now, I just have a little more to do…” She eyed him with keen interest before she turned away, picking up a collection of wires.
Once there she quickly stripped, this time removing everything except the scrap of black material she called ‘panties’.
She normally would not allow such a display of macho chivalry, as being seen carried princess style by a big strong man threatened her own badass motherfucker reputation. But there was no one here to see. And her leg hurt. And her weight seemed to be barely a blip on the radar of his biceps…
An idea seemed to hit him then, his bright eyes lighting up as he cleared some of the leaf matter to reveal the soil underneath. Then with a stick, he drew what seemed like a crude map in the soil.
She stepped toward him, Cap automatically responding and meeting her halfway in a sweet embrace. She let out a sigh of relief. Even after a few days it would be so inconceivable and heartbreaking for him to not reach out to her.
Before Fury could respond, Jarvis was back. “Miss I have a possible local resource that can help to triangulate your signal. Shall I patch them in?”
He glanced up at her through his lashes, his lips still sucking lightly on her clit, making her wetter and wetter.
“Shit. Ok just… let’s not set too murderous a pace, I’m more in to kick boxing than the ropes course.” She said, wrapping herself more tightly around his torso.
But no, she was wrapping a strip of material she had ripped from her other pant leg around her slim calf where the wound was deepest. As she leaned forward, his eyes were drawn to the tight material surrounding her chest, which now afforded him a glance straight down to the skin underneath.
He followed her and let her manoeuvre him in to laying close to her. He propped himself up on an elbow, leaning close to her, eyes flicking to her lips and body clearing thrumming with anticipation of what she would show him next.
She had moved one bold hand to his rear, firmly pulling him forward and rolling her body, the sensation of friction sending sparks through his body.
Across the field he could see Thanos fighting Thor, the stones glowing brightly on the gantlet as he shook off the lightning Thor was driving through him. He launched himself across the field to help Thor, but he was too far away.
Cap immediately picked up on her slowly blinking eyes, gesturing a spot for her to lay down. She did so, keeping her curious eyes on his for as long as she could.
“Just… back it up a step there Gladiator. I’m grateful for the assist, turning in to cat kibble is one of the few things that could actually make this day worse, but you are-“
He stroked himself with a firm grip, capturing the fluid at the tip and working it down the rigid shaft. Toni absently wet her lips as she watched. This triggered an immediate response in Cap, a low noise coming from his chest, his hand speeding up before he choked out her name.
The message must have translated because he drew back and in a graceful movement, removed the material covering what was left of his modesty and wrapping his hand around himself.
He did not release her hands as she stepped forward, drawing her close to him with those deep blue eyes still piercing her soul.
One final surge of power emanated from her chest, running a scorching beam straight through the drone’s chest plate. It suddenly plummeted, Toni following. As she approached the ground, she felt the controls of her suit failing.
He landed on his back and Toni got a quick glimpse of a scruffy beard covering a handsome face and huge, strong arms pushing back the leopard by its throat before she raised the arm of the Iron Woman suit, setting off the flares that fired directly in to the jungle cat’s eyes.
Jarvis continued with a bit more hesitation in his artificial voice. “Miss, the mission report dates this at just over twenty years ago.”
innocent. She saw the heat in his eyes when he looked at her sometimes, and there was no mistaking his reaction to her earlier in the water.
Toni seemed equally shocked. She opened her mouth, presumably to ask about it, before she reconsidered.
His head was buzzing with all the stimuli. The cool water to his knees, the faint sound of their combined breathing, the heat of Toni’s skin in his hands, the smell of Toni’s hair as he nuzzled the side of her face, the shiver of anticipation as he moved his lips lower, the snapping of a branch behind them…
He could see trees outside of the strange, cramped room he was in with so many buttons and levers and boxes of metal.
Toni felt a lump in her throat. Maybe his steadfast dedication would not last once he was back in the real world with options, or even last his full memories returning. But for now, it was incredibly moving for a man as special as Cap to be so devoted to her.
Toni was melting. She was not going to be able to fix the suit if the parts kept slipping out of her stupid, sweaty fingers. She was worse than Butterfingers.
Toni scoffed. “Not even close to a personal best. I’m getting somewhere with the new fit, I just need to make it like 20 pounds lighter…” she said, trailing off as her attention again turned to the suit.
“It’s a note for the ‘to-do’ list. The proposal will come some place other than Pepper and Happy’s wedding.” He told her matter of factly.
‘People you knew…’. The image of the dark-haired man hit him like a tonne of bricks. A group of men, dirty and tired but laughing. A red-haired woman looking at him with a slight upturn of her painted red lips. A metal disc in red and blue – no not a disc, a… shield?
He realised he had automatically wrapped a hand around himself. He reluctantly let go, moving where she urged.
Toni’s confusion increased. She suspected that cartography, even as crude as this, was not something a man born and raised in the wild might take up.
Cap moved to the edge of the shelter, showing her a pulley system he had rigged up to deliver water up from the base, and a small pile of fruit he gestured her toward.
He had always thought of his past as emptiness, as darkness and solitude and pain. Even in dreams, in nightmares that took him to places that bore no resemblance to the jungle, he felt pain. He felt small and weak, misunderstood and so heavy. Heavy like he had something to do but couldn’t, heavy like he was failing.
The leopard sprang forward with a harsh snarl. Toni reached for the suit arm, but as her hand wrapped around it, she felt red hot pain shoot up her leg.
The Wakandan soldiers greeted them, providing blankets, water and protein bars (thank God, no more fruit) and told them to rest in their seats as they transported them the two hours back to the city.
Toni felt her eyelids drooping. She usually had more stamina than this, but the two previous sleepless nights spent tracking the stealth HYDRA team that had created the drone already had her running on low.
He was sure she could feel his eyes drilling into her back, but she did not seem to mind in the least. The third time his eyes darted back to her she looked at him over her shoulder, giving him a sly smile.
He grinned, quickly situating himself between her legs. He swiftly licked inside, savouring the feel of her opening for him, the pleased sigh that fell from her lips. He flicked his tongue up to massage her clit while his finger gently slid inside her.
“You know for someone avoiding stress you picked a hell of a place to settle” Nat smirked at the 13 year old boy. God he was cute. Was she blushing?
“Natasha!” Tony shouted as a hole opened up in the floor right under where she was standing. Loki had escaped, and Clint and the minions were blowing up the Heli carrier.
“Leave us alone Flash, no one here is scared of you.” Came the bored reply from MJ, one of Peter’s two only friends. He wasn’t like Natasha or his dads, he wasn’t popular, but he didn’t mind it. Peter glanced over his shoulder and shot a look of thanks over to MJ, but her head was already back in her book.
“Let’s see it.” Natasha demanded. As she ran her hand over the raised skin she felt a thin string protruding from the two small red dots on the top of the lump. Looking closely, she immediately recognised the markings. “Peter… this is a spider bite.”
“Um, yeah. I’d really like that.” Peter moved over so that Tony could sit next to him on the already messy bench. Tony quickly looked over at the project that Peter was working on.
“Peter, you will lead a new race.” The man who had brought him here spoke from above his head. “A new race of super-soldiers who will lead the world to Salvation. HAIL HYDRA.” He shouted the last words in the face of the 14 year old, as he began to drift out of consciousness.
It had been a long fight. The Chitari were hard to beat and even with the Hulk, who, even after apologising several times, Tony and Steve didn’t trust. And that’s when they saw it. The Nuke headed straight for New York with the intent of limiting the damage to the city, and destroying everything in it, alien or not. Suddenly like a bolt of lighting, rockets shot across the sky, and the nuke changed its course.
However, his superhuman hearing was able to pick up the most disturbing noise. The sound of the highest bidder for Natasha claiming his prize. His stomach retched at the sound, but he was restricted by the straps holding down his wrists.
The Lazer game was fun, and for a couple of hours he almost forgot about his dizzy spell and the pain in the back of his neck. He and Nat were playing against the robots, which was a bit of an unfair advantage on the robots side, as there were more of them and they were robotic, and so didn’t tire out so easily.
“Happy bring Peter back to the Stark tower. It’s safe and the aliens are gone but I think Daddy has just…” her words trailing off at the end. How is she so calm? She knew it was impossible that her dad had just died, just left her there in the world. She couldn’t hear any crying. Turing around, she saw Tony sitting on the ground in his battered suit, looking bruised but very much alive.
“Woah he’s big now” Peter muttered under his breath towards the camera, which was still filming. “Hold on.”
Almost on cue, the baby cooed contently, like she approved the name. Natasha looked even smaller than a normal infant in Steve’s huge muscular arms as she stretched slightly, opening her big blue eyes to stare directly up into her Pops’ eyes, a slight smile crossing her lips.
Again I'm not incredibly happy with how this chapter is written, as it is more focused on action rather than the relationships. I promise more fluff next chapter!
“I need to go. I need to see Bucky. He’ll understand.” Steve said, making his way towards the front door.
Tony sprang into action. No. This couldn’t be happening. He couldn’t lose Peter too. No. He couldn’t comprehend a life without all three of his family.
“We’ll talk about this later” Steve said, clearly annoyed as he wiped the blood from Peter’s face. “We’d better get you all cleaned up before your head teacher sees you.” Directing Peter towards the boy’s toilet, again earning some puzzled looks.
“Dad?” Natasha asked, and Steve instantly turned around, terrified that she too was going to disappear, but she stayed where she was, looking around at her friends and team mates disappearing into dust. She ran towards Wanda, who was hunched over Vision’s lifeless body. As Wanda looked up at Natasha, she too turned to dust, blowing towards Nat on the wind.
Toni did not have the headspace for feelings right now. She would deal with that when (1) the suit was fixed and rescue was on the way or (2) when the suit was beyond hope and she had to fashion her own loin cloth so she could spend the rest of her days in the wild, swinging from vines and never touching another piece of technology again. She was pretty positive she would only last a few weeks in the jungle after going native, so it’s not like a lifetime commitment would be a tough call if the latter option came to pass.
Toni excused herself briefly but when she popped back in to tell them that Jarvis could order them dinner if they liked, Steve held her hand in his own and Bucky began asking her if she had any footage of Steve in a loin cloth. She stayed, telling Jarvis to project the images captured in their first day in Wakanda.
Weak sinner she may be, never let it be said that she did not know how to show a man a good time, feral virgin or otherwise.
“But this is good. This will let me call for help. And Cap… you were military. You might not remember it, but this is a SHIELD-built aircraft. I don’t know how someone as young as you would have been flying such an old model… but this is the biggest clue to your past! There will be files on you, people you knew to help you remember who you are.” She said excitedly.
“Just like.” Steve said fondly. “But that also means me taking you to bed so you’re ready to keep going tomorrow.”
He brought her off another three times that night, almost reluctant to let her touch him in return in case it got in the way of his opportunity to have his head buried in her lap.
Toni let out a rather unappealing squeal as Cap launched them through the air, loping from one vine to another with one arm and seemingly no effort.
He had never seen another person for as long as he could remember. Sometimes he would dream in faces, in people he may have known or may have made up, but they always slipped from his grasp when he woke.
All of the controls were going haywire, causing a cacophony of alarms to fill the plane’s cabin. Comms were dying, the crackling voice of Colonel Phillips cutting in and out. “Rogers, report… location… package…”
Toni let out a relieved sigh when she spotted the water, squeezing his shoulders and grinning at him. When he let her down, she was quick to slip off the light material covering her feet, stepping into the bank.
The man was a huge, intimidating presence, though he did not draw himself up to full height as he watched her. He had piercing blue eyes, the likes of which she had never seen. They were fixed on her with laser-like focus and in them she could see his intelligence, his careful assessment of her and his empathy.
She trudged over, picking up the small container that held the package she had been trying to retrieve.
“Cap…” he said aloud, seeing how it felt on his tongue. It did not feel quite right, but it would have to do for now.
He moved toward her, placing himself behind her to rub gently on her shoulders, wanting to ease the tense muscles.
He seemed to get it almost instantly, moving them to the side of the platform where he urged her to wrap her arms around his neck and climb on to his back.
She kept talking to him as he washed away the blood from her leg and showed her the plant before he squeezed and wrung it out. He dropped the resulting liquid over her wound, wincing slightly as she did. It was needed to avoid infection, but he did not like being the cause of her pain.
He sucked on her clit and when he added a second finger, the stretch perfect, and she came with a high moan.
Toni dislodged herself from his back, coming around to his front to gauge how upset he was from his expression. He just looked thoughtful.
She could roll back in her suit and clamp it shut again. It would still be powered down, but she would like to see the cat try to bite its way through Iron Woman’s metal alloy.
Once they had both spit, Toni opened her mouth to speak, hoping she would be able to convey her need with gestures and not have to humiliate them both by going full mime.
“I hope you’re right. I just… he thought I was dead for twenty years. How do I…” Steve trailed off, torn.
He was going to crash. Even with the serum running through his veins, he could not hope to survive. And if he did, he appeared to be in the middle of the ocean. How far could his injured body swim, and in what direction?
When the waves died down, he did not release her but rather wrapped his arms fully around her waist, embracing her and nuzzling into her hair.
He grunted in the negative. “Toni. Cap.” He said, nodding firmly afterward to try to tell her that it was only the two of them, as far as he had ever seen.
She shivered at the picture he painted, his pupils entirely black with lust as he pushed one finger inside of her.
He moved so gracefully for someone of his bulk, managing to press the top part of his torso to hers. She gripped his wrists, moving them away from her face which made him pause his kiss.
He did not run off straight away. He touched his knuckles gently to theirs, to all his Siblings that he had lived with for so long. He suspected this may be the last time he saw them.
He slowed his steps as he approached, not wanting to frighten Toni. He did not want her to send him away.
Toni placed a hand on his shoulder, gently urging him to lay on his back. Next she wrapped her fingers around his wrist, bringing it slowly down so his hand covered the sizeable tent in his now almost redundant loin cloth.
“Cap, we have officially made progress. With the wiring reconfigured to power just the GPS and the comms and the drone’s battery hooked up, I just need to set up the relay so Jarvis can use the jump-start to start cycling power back through the suit. You could be meeting Jarvis as early as tomorrow morning!”
He picked a beautiful spot, one with a large area of flat rocks he used to lay on, warmed as they were by the afternoon sun but still surrounded by the cool, fresh water.
He clenched his fists, shifting his weight nervously, but eventually leaned out of the cabin to beckon Toni in.
He stared wide eyed at her bare chest, his eyes drawn to the rosy nipples that sat so perfectly on her bosom. They moved hypnotizingly as Toni quickly rinsed her clothes in the water before laying them out to dry across the rocks.
The power of the stones faded, their work done. As the chain broke, all of the Avengers watched sombrely as the Guardians took their revenge on this being that had tortured them, killed their families.
The stones were sparking where they were integrating into Toni’s gauntlet. Her face plate was gone and Steve could read the determination there.
“Cap is back. And he brings water. Super helpful, thank you. Plant yourself down here bud.” She said.
She laid her hands over his, encouraging him to feel their weight, squeeze them slightly and use his thumbs to brush over her nipples. He licked his lips, entranced by the way they filled his palms and the feeling of her nipples responding to his touch.
Suddenly Cap sat pack, his strong hands lifting her on to his lap and he continued to pump into her.
She was shaking her head again, pointing back to her shell like she wanted to stay here, in the open.
He yelled into the comms for anyone that could to make their way to Thor, but everyone was fighting for their lives. Thanos’s army was huge and his Children so powerful. He was still a quarter mile away, separated by a dozen monsters as he saw Thanos knock Thor away and raise his fist.
She happily splashed the water over herself, moaning at the feel of the cool liquid on her tired body. He watched her helplessly now, the sounds sending clear signals to his cock that something interesting was happing that he had not experienced before but should definitely investigate further.
“Quinjet? We don’t have any downed quinjets on the books, or any operatives that would have been even remotely in that area.” Fury said suspiciously.
a voice in his head supplied. He did not much care what they were called though, as long as he could keep looking at them.
When he finally felt ready to let Toni go, he stepped back, surveying what she had done to the quinjet. The console was in a hundred pieces scattered around.
she thought dazedly. But surely she had not been this sensual? And she definitely had not maintained this heavy eye contact while she touched him.
Her eyes reluctantly left her mysterious bearded protector and looked down to assess the damage wrought by the leopard.
Given what was coming to light about his super-solider past, she thought she would be able to get a few rounds out of him too. The scientist in her delighted over the potential experimental parameters for her make-Steve-come-so-hard-he-passes-out project, but then he started sucking hard on her clit and all other thoughts temporarily left her mind.
“Why don’t you come up here and let me do that?” she asked, tugging on his shoulders. But it was too late. He was groaning out his release, panting in her lap with his spare hand still clutching her hip.
He guided her up the branch where she found a surprisingly well-formed platform, almost like a cubby house. It was built around the natural curves of the tree, thick branches and tightly woven leaves making it seem cozy.
“Whatever you like. We should try them all, narrow down what sort of dance we might do at our wedding.” He said, sounding almost dreamy.
“You and I are having a long talk when I get to Wakanda.” Toni said almost excitedly. This girl had some serious tech.
fantasy role play – wild man or naughty nurse. Being both is neither fair nor intuitive – clashing genres if you do not mind me saying.” She chattered as he gently inspected her wound. It looked ok, no signs of infection thus far.
Cap whined, flexing his hips forward three more times before he buried himself in Toni completely, coming hard inside her. He let out a broken cry that descended into a groan, his hips twitching so his pelvis was grinding against hers.
All of a sudden Cap was a flurry of movement, turning around and grabbing her. Though his abrupt movement knocked the air from her lungs, she automatically wrapped her arms around his neck. His powerful legs took them to the river bank, taking long strides toward a large tree north of their position.
He placed the water closer to her, gesturing for her to drink from it. She did so with a small smile at him.
“Toni, that’s… that’s very kind and thoughtful, really I appreciate it. But you can’t work yourself to the bone trying to build something for me.” He said, softer now.
“The operative’s identity was classified as ‘need to know’. I suspect a history of experimentation will be found with more digging. He was a captain, name of Steven Grant Rogers.”
Cap had behaved himself while she worked on the suit, the charge of the battery going a lot slower than she liked. But when he stopped her for lunch, he ran a hand down her side, eyes twinkling as they asked for permission.
Cap moved quickly, his hands gently holding her waist as he raised her to her feet as though she weighed the same as a feather. He stood incredibly close as he steadied her on her feet.
He had never even met another person, let alone had the chance to be intimate. He had seen other animals mating, but no matter what angle he looked at Toni, he could not imagine just draping himself over her back and… doing it.
It was possible that a combination of being back here and having spent time with her was triggering memories – it was so hard to tell with head injuries.
Toni was a very confusing woman, even when she was not speaking. But he longed to find out more about her.
“Holy shit!” Toni wheezed, clutching tighter to Cap and immeasurably grateful once again that he was here. He launched them up the trunk of the tree, leveraging the vines to carry them quickly away from the territorial beast.
His eyes shot up to her face but he knew it was too late, he had been caught staring. He could feel himself blushing deeply. Something told him that is was very rude to stare at a lady like that, though he was not sure how he was supposed to stop himself.
It would take precious seconds to get in to place though, and the leopard could probably shred her in three. She needed to distract it or scare it enough to hesitate while she climbed to safety.
He raised his hands and cupped her breasts, delighting in their mass and quickly assessing how he might handle them that would make her feel good. They felt so soft and his hands were so rough, the last thing he wanted was to cause her discomfort.
… oh, oh, OHHH I’m-“ Toni’s hips pushing up impatiently before she cried out, clenching hard on his fingers. Her clit throbbed under his tongue, which he flattened against her to draw out her orgasm, just like she told him. Her smooth thighs clamped around his head as he crooked his fingers once more, feeling merciless and impatient to keep her going, to string out this moment for as long as possible.
The silver lining is that the HYDRA weapon on board would die with him. At least the world would be safe from the destruction it could cause.
“It’s a new armour. If you’re going to be joining the Avengers, you’re not going out in vintage Kevlar and spandex. Your shield only covers so much, and if you need to get airborne and I’m not around, the propulsors in the boots will get you out of trouble. You won’t be making any cross-country trips with them, but they’ve got at least a few blocks in them.” She confirmed, still lending some of her attention to the components spread out in front of her.
Cap started with a couple of short thrusts, withdrawing only a couple of inches before pressing forward again. She spoke a mixed of encouragement and dirty words to him as he picked up his rhythm, this powerful thrusts now making her slide on her back.
“Hey, it’s ok. I didn’t really do anything here…” she said, feeling slightly awkward to receive his praise when all she did was crash land and follow him around the jungle for several days. Hardly her best work.
“I am relieved to hear that Miss. I am attempting to calculate your coordinates now to arrange extraction. It is proving rather difficult.”
He followed her lead, opening his mouth to let her tongue playfully stroke against his and draw him out. He mirrored her movements, Toni making soft, pleased noises when he did something particularly right which energised him and made his groin throb.
“Here – this is my clit. Use your lips, your tongue.” She said, tracing lightly across her clit but still with enough pressure to make herself shiver slightly. He tilted his head in fascination at her reaction, already raising a hand to her pussy.
Toni had been descending rapidly into a foul mood from when almost the first moment she starting working on the suit this morning. She had taken to muttering angrily under her breath, his sensitive ears picking up mostly curse words.
“Yes! There’s still juice left! Cap, this is it. This is what I needed to get the suit working and get back to the world. In fact, it will be quicker to send a transmission from here rather than fix the suit. I just need to cannibalise some of this radio equipment…” Toni turned to look at him, her voice trailing off as she saw the expression on his face.
The tearful reunion lasted about ten minutes, a heartbroken Bucky hearing about Steve losing his memory and living without human contact for so many years. Steve sped through that part, focusing more attention on telling Bucky about finding Toni in the jungle. After that, the boys found their rhythm, ribbing each other and laughing about old friends and memories.
She knew he was protective of her and had a major crush, probably experiencing all sorts of new romantic and sexual feelings. His adoration was worn on his non-existent sleeve. But the honest sincerity with which he promised her safety – like he was prince charming from a Disney movie, like he would let no harm come to her while he still drew breath…
And he had figured out that when he said “you’re welcome”, he was also allowed to lean forward and kiss her.
But then, she had built the Iron Woman suit in a cave with less sophisticated materials, and now she had a working (albeit powered down) suit and a whole other high-tech drone to pull from.
The Guardians stepped forward, the ones that had introduced themselves as Gamora, Nebula and Drax days ago when they had first landed on Earth to warn them Thanos was coming. Each drew a blade.
he thought, pleased with himself. He may be addicted to the sensation of her coming against his lips. He felt that if he went too long without hearing her sounds of pleasure, he may waste away.
Again, his thoughts strayed to the faces that were coming back to him. He felt a sudden swell of protectiveness and affection go through him when a sharp image of the dark-haired man in a crisp, green uniform surfaced.
“Woah Superman, I’m not quite that injured. Which way?” she asked, pointing her finger and waiting for him to set off in direction of wherever he wanted to take her.
His silent support helped to ground her nerves. If this did not work (though it would), he was still here, they would be ok and she could try again tomorrow (she would not have to).
He stopped as she yelled, looking concerned rather than offended. It occurred to her that if he was going to knock her over the head and drag her to his cave or otherwise engage in creepy behaviour, he probably would have done it already.
He groaned at the sensation, his eyes closing and mouth halting for a moment before he returned to flicking her clit with his tongue.
Once they were on the ground, she hastily ducked behind a tree, slipping her fingers in the bands of her tights to pull them down before she realised that Cap had followed her, wanting to keep her in his eyeline.
He felt himself growing hard again but did not press against her. He wanted to keep making her feel good. He rubbed up and down her back, focussing on the spots where she responded loudest.
“I don’t have anything I need. How am I supposed to make this work without parts? I can’t MacGyver goddam jungle flora in to suit components!” She continued, her breathing picking up as she ran an anxious hand over her chest as though it were aching.
“Cap, I know it’s a lot, but this is who you are. Cap probably isn’t even your name – you were probably a captain. Don’t you want to know who you are? Where you come from? We can find out, I can get you answers-“
She sighed in frustration. There was no use trying to follow him. She would get lost in moments and with her luck, be attacked by an anaconda or panther or something equally as exotic and deadly. She would stay here and hope he came back for her before her water ran out or a jungle animal found her regardless of the crude shelter.
“It’s ok. You’ve got a bit of catching up to do, but you have time. Probably a lot of time, given how little you’ve aged…” she finished with a mumble.
“Six and a half, and you wake me up too so we can have breakfast.” He responded, wrapping his arm around her shoulders.
He sat back and gestured as though he wanted to pick her up, making another soft noise in his throat.
“Mmmm, very nice. Shall I book us a salsa teacher? Perhaps a bit of tango, that’s the dance of lovers isn’t it?” her teasing words punctuated the soft stroking of his neck, the mindless gesture of affection warming him from the inside out.
She did not usually go for the rugged type, nor for men whose muscles emulated the Rock’s. Right now though, she could not imagine how this type of man
It was late afternoon by the time Toni let Cap hoist her into his arms and carry her through the canopy back to the river by his shelter. She had considered staying in the quinjet overnight, but they were both sweaty and dehydrated. What was a few more hours delay on getting home? One last quiet night with Cap with just the breeze and sounds of birds and insects serenading them.
“Just like that… does that feel good? … fuck it, here…” her hands abruptly pulled at the cloth wrapped around his hips, his erection springing back up to press into her stomach. At the feel of skin-on-skin he let out a wounded noise, pressing more urgently into Toni’s belly, the movement of his hips becoming erratic as he quickly approached the edge.
He took up a place protectively by Toni’s right, closer to the jungle’s edge should something try to sneak up on them, but also close enough to grab her if he had to.
Toni felt another shiver of arousal go through her body as Cap looked at her like she was the most delicious buffet being presented to a starving man. She hitched up her bottom to rub the wetness clinging to her skin against his prick.
“Fuck it. We’ll call this educational. Every boy should experience rubbing off against someone and coming in their pants… or loin cloth, whatever is on hand…” she said to him, bringing her other hand down to his backside and encouraging the movement of his hips.
“I forgot that. My name. I forgot who I was.” He said, not even hesitating over the words coming from his mouth.
He launched them into the trees as smoothly as he could manage, lopping through the vines at a leisurely pace (for him). He grew more and more edgy the closer they got, but this was for Toni. He pressed on.
His other hand twitched where it lay awkwardly next to him, his fist clenching as he seemed to struggle to not reach out. To not touch her, not without her invitation.
Toni bit her lip, sorely tempted to just climb on top of him and take care of his arousal herself. But there were just too many variables and complications for that to be a good idea. She did not know how he would respond, they had no contraception and no timeline for when it was likely she would even see another human. What if introducing sex to their relationship made it sour? She resolved herself to be more restrained tomorrow, but for now…
He held his hands up as though to gesture she should stay where she was and walked to the edge of the clearing. He cast one more look over his shoulder at Toni before he disappeared.
Pepper looked radiant, and Happy looked like he thought he was the luckiest man in the world. He certainly was lucky, but not as lucky as Steve.
“Oh, no. No this is not a damsel situation. I need to stay with the suit. Stay. With suit.” She gestured at the suit laying prone next to her.
He set off, knowing he needed water and to find someone… else. To find another living creature. It was important, he thought, that he was not alone.
Natasha shot Tony a death stare. “Dad. Why is spiderman here?” She whispered over the comms, placing extra stress on the word “Spiderman.”
Going to keep trying to upload nearly everyday but not always possible so sorry if you have to wait! As always if you are enjoying the story please leave a like and a comment!
It had been about 11 months since the day Steve had marched Peter into school, and its true school life had got easier, but home life was hard. Steve still didn’t know about him being Spiderman, and that weighed on his conscience, but he didn’t want to tell him. He knew he would stop him from going on patrol. Even that had become less frequent, as after the school incident, Tony had stopped him from patrolling every night.
“Bruce? Seriously? He tried to kill you Natasha! He put you in the hospital!” Steve yelled, dragging the two teenagers apart.
Tony chuckled. This was his life now, and he couldn’t be happier. Natasha had small wisps of dark brown hair, clearly taking after him in that sense, but took after Steve in the colour of her eyes. Tony didn’t mind who she took after, but secretly he hoped she would take after Cap more than him, Steve’s caring nature was something Tony had always envied, and was his sexiest quality in his opinion. This little being in his arms depended on him, and he vowed to never let her down.
“Yeah and if he had stopped picking on me he would have just picked on someone else Pops. It doesn’t matter honestly.” Tears falling from his eyes, ignoring the strange looks he was getting from people in the corridor. I mean, Captain America was sat right next to him.
The room laughed, but no one could have for told the adventured in store for Bruce away from this planet, and away from Natasha.
“I can do it!” Peter pleaded, but was interrupted by the sound of FRIDAY welcoming back Steve. “You can’t say anything to Pops. I don’t want him knowing just yet. Just let me porve myself to you – I’ll join Nat on one of her missions and…”
“Tony, can we talk for a minute?” Steve asked gently at his husband, who was staring at Natasha with such adoration and love Steve almost felt bad that he had to steal his attention, but this was important.
“Peter Parker?”  A female voice cut off the 5 year old before he could reply. “You need to go to the principal’s office right away.”
“I’m proud of you Pete. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that before. I love you too much to lose you, you know that right?” Tony looked deep into his son’s eyes and placed one hand on his shoulder. “behind that door are about 50 reporters, so why don’t you put this on, and I’ll introduce the world to the newest avenger.”
Hope you enjoyed the chapter! The plan next is the last Civil war story, then spiderman homecoming, and then the dreaded INFINITY WAR! If you have any ideas please don't hesitate to comment them/like the story!
This chapter focused more on Natasha than I meant it to, but the next one is all Peter/Tony I promise! As always Like and Comment if you enjoyed the new update!
“You having trouble remembering your own name there Pete? Just take off the mask and tell me.” Steve said, becoming conscious once more of the heavy transport tunnel on top of Peter.
“If you’re nothing without that suit, you shouldn’t have it at all.” Tony felt no further explanation was necessary. “I’m taking you back to Aunt May’s.”
“TONY!” He yelled as he ran towards his husband, his shield raised high above his head. “YOU GOT THE KIDS INVOLVED. Are you being serious! They could get hurt!” The words started to get harder to come out as Cap slammed his shield into Tony again and again, each one blocked by Tony.
“Banner please, please just help me and calm down” But her pleas were interrupted by a giant roar. She was in danger, and she was scared. More scared than she had ever been. Turning her attention towards the pipe on her leg, she managed to lift it up slightly, enough for her to get her leg out. The pain was unreal. It was definitely broken, as she could see the slight protrusion the bone had made under her skin. But she couldn’t focus on that right now. Using her training, she quickly reset her leg, biting on her hand to distract from the searing pain. But by now that was no longer her main priority, he had fully turned and was coming towards her aggressively.
The next half an hour was filled with backflips, dodging balls and papercuts, which was admittedly a little weird, but they needed to test his healing ability, and sure enough, he could do all that the genetically modified spiders could. Peter was halfway across the living room ceiling when the doorbell rang and both Tony and Steve stepped in through the door.
“Steve?” Bucky’s questioning voice could be heard from behind Steve. They had lost and Thanos had won. Steve turned slowly towards Bucky, fearing the worst and his fears suddenly became his reality. Bucky had what was left of his arm held up, parts of him slowly disintegrating until he collapsed on the floor and disappeared completely. Steve was frozen in disbelief.
“Daddy has been taken away for a while by some bad men, but he will find a way out and I am sending all of the avengers, including uncle Rhodey, to find him. All except one…” He trailed off as he felt Bucky walk into the room, ready to surprise his favourite niece from behind.
“Don’t worry Mr. Stark. It will.” She assured him, pressing an ungodly amount of buttons causing the machine in front of them to light up like a Christmas tree. The machine whirred and strained, but it was working.
“I put everything in your suit, including these heaters” Tony had been waiting for a chance to fully show off his tech to his son, so at least this could showcase some of it.
I should be uploading soon and the next few chapters will probably be focusing on the main avenger's films. I know the storylines and timelines are soooooo messed up but I hope you can look past that! As always, if you like the story please leave kudos and comments, they mean a lot to a new writer!
“And, and then he just picked me up like a monster and he swooped down and he took me up like a thousand feet and then he just dropped me… How did you find me? Did you put a tracker in my suit?” Peter cringed at that last question. Of course he did – half his family is MIA and the only one left in his life is Peter. Of course he would want to know where he was at all times.
“Yeah sure…” Steve sighed, glancing back at Natasha, who was looking out of the window with an unreadable look. She knew something was wrong.
Ned: And you’re always hanging around that Natasha girl. Hasn’t she got two Dads as well? And you do look very alike…
“Go away brother!” Shuri shouted, entering her lab with Natasha and slamming the door shut behind her.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter! I'm going to try and upload on Monday, but I'm not promising anything! As always, Like and comment if you like the story or have any suggestions!
Peter understood his father’s rage, but not his tone. It was hushed but also so loud, the words themselves were quite but the impact was enormous. He stared up at his father’s disappointed face, guilt and sadness seeping into his bones.
“Due to this recent diagnosis and information, I have sent out a high alert, and your Parent’s and the avengers will be returning shortly.” FRIDAY interrupted, making Natasha groan and Peter’s eyes to flash with worry. “ETA, 30 minutes”
“Natasha.” Steve almost growled. “Come on. Let’s go.”  When he received neither an answer nor movement from the 17 year old, he added “You chose your side. Pay the price.”
“This accords thing? I saw them on Dad’s desk so of course I had a look. They are trying to reduce the power of the avengers, something about reducing civilian loses? I didn’t have much time to have a look” Natasha replied, eyes still glued to the two men arguing.
I'm going on holiday for a week so I'm not sure if there is going to be another chapter for a while but don't worry! It'll come! As always, like and comment if you're enjoying the story!
“So what? Pete is gonna have to sign those accords, give up his suit, which, is very obviously designed by you. What’s gonna happen to Nat?” Steve questioned angrily.
Tony’s face was unreadable as the CCTV footage flashed before his eyes. His parents. And Bucky. What was happening? What was Bucky doing? Suddenly it dawned on him.
“Ugh how are you so good at that? Let’s go back down then” Steve sighed, picking up Natasha and pulling her into his arms and placing a soft kiss on her smooth cheek. She may be nearing two, but he still couldn’t stop loving the fresh baby smell of her head, it made his heart melt every time.
Natasha just continued to stare at him in shock. “Peter what happened to you? How are you able to do, you know, that?”
Okay so I'm back! I've just realised I haven't put tags on this work so will do that now - hopefully will be able to update nearly everyday now again. Hope you enjoy!
Peter was in the play corner of his classroom, tinkering a small toy robot which he had been naturally drawn to, which was hardly surprising considering his parentage when a smaller boy with dark hair pushed past him. “Do you want to play with me?” Peter asked, holding out the toy to the boy.
“Woah Peter come and look at these freaky ass spiders. Ignore Flash you know he is just jealous.” Ned said, pulling him over to a glass case filled with blue and red spiders.
“It was okay. I made a friend called Ned and I played with a robot. It was broken so I fixed it like Daddy had taught me to, can I show him it when he comes home” He asked with such excitement in his voice.
“Ohhhhh yeah its kinda an internet thing. You need to be young to understand” Peter explained, laughing under his breath.
“Take him down now huh? There are people that deal with this kid.” The last thing he wanted was something to happen to Peter because he felt that he had to do the right thing and take down criminals. He was too much like Steve, Tony thought to himself. He couldn’t lose Peter too.
