Then again, if he'd been phased, he wasn't going to say anything anyways. With Peter in this state, the last thing Wade wanted to do was put the kid farther off, and scolding him would do just that.
"Can God be cruel?" he asked, with no hint of anger or hostility, almost as if he wanted to clarify the boy's question. "Why, yes. He can. But I promise you, my child, God will never be crueler to you than you can handle. Everything he does has its reason. If you think that God was cruel to you, it may be that he was trying to teach you a lesson of sorts, or he was trying to show you a truth that could not be found without his help."
Directly above him was Mister Doctor Strange, looking like a worried mom. Peter's actual worried mom didn't look so much worried as disappointed. Her fiery hair was no match for the burning anger in her eyes.
For fuck's sake, the baby's father was a murderer, a kidnapper, a rapist, and a fucking Hydra agent... But if he put the child up for adoption and Hydra came after them... The baby wouldn't be nearly as protected. Keeping it seemed to be the best option, despite all of Peter's other thoughts about the situation. But he didn't want this, he knew that. Everyone knew that. He said he'd keep it but how could he?
He was just a kid, he didn't understand why there was such a tax on happiness, a price to pay for being a part of humanity. He didn't understand how the world could be so cruel. Steve tried to say something else but Peter just insisted that he was tired and would like to lay down, politely asking if he could please be wheeled downstairs.
a calm day at the compound... probably.
What none of them knew was that the answer was sitting right beneath their noses.
Tony decided that from that moment on, he was gonna do whatever it was gonna take to make Peter feel welcome. While Peter slept on his lap, Tony checked the real estate listings, searching everywhere between Brooklyn and Queens. He bookmarked one that he knew would be perfect before returning to messing with Peter's hair.
"Nah, I don't think I made it into much of that..." Bucky knew what this was. It was flattery, being used in a way to distract from one of his earlier questions. Bucky knew the signs, he was no idiot. This man had a secret, and that was dangerous. He made easy work of changing the subject to something else, a common factor.
He'd only come out of the ice a few years ago, so there was no way Peter could be his son at all. He'd had James with him, so there was no way that Bucky was his father either, based on what he remembered about him. Despite how close he was to Natasha, somewhere deep down he knew that she didn't have any kids, and he knew why.
The king shakes his hand firmly, though his face shows nothing but politeness. "I was told you may be in need of some help. Wakanda's borders are not currently open to outsiders, but I believe in this case I can make an exception, should you choose to accept."
parent at that? He'd never even had parents before!
Peter rubbed his forehead. "Can you pick me up? I need a ride home."
"Bruce Wayne never would have given us the chance to leave the school."
Nat looks a bit shocked for a moment and then repeats that violence won't bring May back, and once again he agrees because he knows that.
Tony shook his head. "I don't think you're fit to look after Peter."
Peter asked how they were doing, but the answer surprised him a little. He knew that Tony and Bruce had split, but he hadn't heard anything about him and Miss Potts getting together, and now he felt like being a little nosy... He'd resist the urge though, just happy to see them being happy and holding hands in the front seat.
Nat was back at the compound. She didn't know how not to work. She's always needed to have something to do with her, ever since he dropped her off with Hawk-boy all those years ago.
That was the last time he saw him, storming out of the lab, eyes half glowing and full of rage.
"Do you want me to show you what to do, Petey?"
Steve was at work, Bucky and Nat were working on something, Wanda was on a date with Vision. Sam wasn't available to babysit today and Tony was supposed to pick him up six hours ago and he was nowhere to be found and wasn't answering his phone. He was meant to call Nat if Tony didn't show, but he couldn't be bothered to bother her if she was busy.
we all need a little love // light stucky smut
Three days. He has to wait three days to see Peter again, and he already misses the little web-slinger so much. Monday, Peter will be cleared to go back to school, which means he'll be unsupervised. Whenever Peter gets the chance, he's going to slip away from the school to meet up with Wade, and they'll probably end up fucking in an alleyway somewhere close to the school. It's an amazing thought that Peter would still want anything to do with him, though, Peter didn't know what he'd done yet, and he certainly didn't know what was going to happen the more time they spent together.
Peter ended up falling asleep with his head on Wade's shoulder, and when he woke, Wade had carried him and their things off of the bus. He asked Wade why he didn't just wake him and make him walk, and Wade said he'd rather carry him than interrupt whatever sleep he was managing to get.
When Peter woke up, the first thing he was made aware of was the searing pain in his body. It burned in his leg and in his shoulder, and for a moment he couldn't remember why. It took him a long minute, but then he remembered the way that those Hydra agents shot Wade right over him... The way that they shot him at close range without care.
"And then... I came 'cross this old apartment building. It's been empty for a really long time... Maybe you'd recognize it." He nodded towards the wall where the building was projected.
Bucky'd spent far too long near this man in his life, and one way or another, Bucky was going to be the one to take him out. It's what he deserved. He deserved to finally die for everything he'd done in his miserable life.
The watch beeped and he coughed again. "Friday, call Mr. Bucky please."
. He missed being with Steve like this... Sitting here across from the gorgeous blonde, all Tony wanted to do was lean over and kiss him right on his beautiful lips.
He was gentle in waking Peter, just like Steve was gentle in waking him when he had nightmares. Peter jumped at first, grabbing the hand that touched his shoulder. His eyes held a fear that made Bucky's chest hurt.
Steve nodded like he knew what was going on, but he didn't know in the slightest. "I still have no idea what that means for us."
It'd already been made clear that if he failed his mission, then he would spend the rest of his life as a dancing monkey behind a thick wall of glass somewhere. An experiment for their amusement. He'd be a lab rat all over again. There were a lot of things he could handle, but he didn't think that could be one of them. He never wanted to do that again...
A shiver ran down Peter's spine. It was the visible kind of shiver that made everyone else wonder what the hell was wrong. In this case, everything seemed wrong.
Wade thought Peter looked exceptional while killing bad guys, but if ever there was a bad time to fantasize, it was now.
"You passed out. Peter, can you tell me if you've been suffering from shortness of breath? Increased heart rate? Dizziness? Um, chills? A sense of intense fear?"
"You're gonna be a good boy and let me have what I want, right Parker? And, you should think twice before saying no, because I have authorization to kill you if I have to."
Bucky was beginning to worry, even more so than he was before. He'd been leaning in the door for the last two hours watching this boy, his son, shake so violently and uncontrolled. It reminded him of a much harsher time in his own life, and he hoped to god that this was nothing like that.
It was almost like Peter was waiting for Wade's permission to cum, because in the next couple of moments, Peter stilled, and then he spilled his load all over his own chest. Wade didn't think twice to take that moment to cum inside of Peter, either.
"I'm very busy lately, Peter. I've been doing a lot of stuff, I wouldn't have the time to look after you in the way that you need me to."
He cut off when the door opened. Peter could tell that he was worried by how slowly he was repeating himself. This was not a good day for them. An Agent stepped out of the room and Rumlow pushed Peter through the door.
It was only when the fight was over and his adrenaline died down that he felt the stinging pain in his side. When he looked down, he saw the blood seeping through his suit. He pulled on his jacket and said nothing once more.
It had been easy enough so far to trick the boy into trading himself for his own rewards that doing the rest should be easy.
Some nights, that's the kill that wakes him. Sends him shooting up from his bed drenched in sweat and screaming. Sometimes it was the kill that made him go statue still at random during the day. Sometimes it's the kill that brings a tear to his eye once he's finally alone. And sometimes it was the kill that made him lash out at others to keep them away.
Wade just shakes his head and sits up a little straighter, "Oh, no, you're okay it's just... Nobody's ever asked me that. You know, what my life was like? Nobody's ever wanted to know more about me than what I look like under the suit." He lets out a laugh, but it sounds more nervous than anything, so Peter is quick to say that he doesn't have to tell him anything if he doesn't want to.
"Yeah, Petey, I do know you."
Bucky's voice trembled and it made Steve crumble. "How... How can you love me...?"
He turned and retched once more as Friday connected him to Bucky, who took a moment to pick up. "Hello? Peter are you okay?"
Peter's mind blanked for a moment at what the hell Wade was talking about, but then he remembered and nodded. Wade said that he thought that's what Peter would say and directed the boy to fish the protection out from inside the pocket of his jeans. Soon as he let the boy go, he bounded over to the jeans and searched through Wade's pockets, only returning to the bed when he found what he wanted.
They were the only ones to look at him any differently, which was good. He could handle Flash being a dick, and he could handle Ned being... Ned. He could handle getting shoved into a locker and he could handle getting a sandwich at the newly rebuilt Delmar's after school.
Tony stared at the mirror.  “While I was trying to testify in front of a congressional committee.”
“Is he gone?”
She clicked it a few more times.  Just to be certain that it was working.
“Hey!” Steve said, his voice full of laughter as Tony ate half of one in a single bite.  Unashamed, he held the other half out to Steve.  Steve considered it, cracking open his soda.  “I get your leftovers?”
“Because I’m normal,” Carol said.
“I saw the pricetag on these shoes,” he said, his voice dire.
“Please tell me there's no acid-” Rogers started, and Tony leaned back in his seat.  Tweaking the man had rapidly become one of his favorite games.
“Are you?”
“Hey, can I have a soda?” Clint called from the kitchen.
“Sadly, yes,” Jarvis said, as Steve reached the doorway to the kitchen.
There was a sudden, hard roar of the repulsors, and Tony’s head snapped back to DJ, who was accelerating towards the sky at full speed.  His eyes narrowed.  “What is he-”  He straightened up, his shoulders going tight.  Up.  Up.   Til he was almost out of sight, until he was barely a spark of light among the stars, so far up-
Jan snagged the back of his vest in one hand.  “Anthony.  Edward.  Stark,” she purred, and Tony groaned.  “What have you done?”
“You seemed to think it was a good idea at the time,” Jarvis said.
“This one got close,” Natasha said.  Her fingers flexed in her lap, and she forced them to be still.  “Closer than he should have.   Pepper is...”  She scowled down at the officer, who was now walking along the path towards the garden, his head swiveling from side to side, down at the path and then back up, looking at the house.  “Displeased.”
Tony frowned.  “What are you-”
“Thank you,” Jarvis said.  “If you could, sir, bring him upstairs, and I'll draw him a bath.”
"Not having been part of the discussion, I'm going to guess it is," Victor said.
He barely had a chance to brace himself before he was hit sideways.  He staggered, grabbing for the workbench to keep himself upright.  “I’m injured,” he pointed out, not that he expected that to change anything.
“Where’s Steve?”
“Deleted, I know, but I also know you.” Tony’s fingertip rattled against the workbench.  “Get me anything and everything we’ve still got.  I don’t care what kind of breadcrumbs we’re talking about, get me everything.”
DJ sniffed, scrubbing his the back of his wrist over his nose.  “Yes,” he said, the word almost inaudible.
“I’m pretty sure he’s not a fairy,” Carol said.
(sits down)
Bruce went to look at his watch and nearly dropped both the bowl and the box.  For a moment, he just juggled them both, finally managing to wrap his arms around the box.  Steve was pretty sure whatever was inside, it didn’t survive.  “Nearly ten pm,” Bruce said.
Bucky ducked under his horse’s neck.  “Here.”  He tossed T’Challa a pear, its damp, pale green skin catching the sunlight.  “She likes those.”
Pepper exhaled, and it was a sigh, he knew it was a sigh, but she was doing her best to cover it.  Tony appreciated that.  "Tony.  I can't stop you."  She spread her hands.  "We both know I can't stop you-"
He was perhaps eleven or twelve years old, absurdly small against the backdrop of the decimated lobby.  His thin shoulders rose and fell in quick, sharp bursts, his face marked by blood at the temple and beneath his nose.  It had dripped down to his t-shirt, splattered across the front, and matting his dark hair to the side of his head.  He was pale, his eyes feverish bright beneath lowered brows, but his chin was up, his jaw a sharp, hard line.
Tony’s hand dropped back to his side.  “All right, it’s not fine, but what else am I supposed to say?” he asked.  And that came out sharper than he intended.  Pepper just arched an eyebrow at him, and he took a deep breath.  “It’s not fine.  But it’s…”  His mouth worked.  “I’ll handle it.”
“No,” everyone in the room said at once.
“No,” Tony mumbled into his lemonade.  Pepper smiled at him around the tines of her fork, and he made a face in her direction.  “Encouraging.”
“Oh,” DJ said.  “The Cabal.”
For the void.
No one stopped him.
Jarvis's lips twitched.  "Sir.  Really."
“I wasn't trying to hide the fact,” Pepper said, her voice tart.  To Jan, she said, “Please?  I could use some conversation that doesn't center around motor oil.”
“Yeah, and so we’re there, playing some pickup ball, and the class let out, and-” Sam let out a long, sharp whistle.  “Everyone was a sweatball.  Like, red faced, dripping, gross-”
Steve didn't say anything.  Tony wasn't even sure that he heard him.  But then, in a sudden, almost frightening rush, he rolled over, pressing his face into Tony's stomach.  Tony's breath left him in a rush, the shock of the contact rolling over his skin in a wave of heat.  “Don't-” he choked out, but Steve had already gone still again, his body curled forward, one hand in a fist next to Tony's hip.
She glanced up the stairs.  “I need your help,” she said, the words hushed.
“I’ll keep that in mind,” was all he said.
Jarvis studied him, his eyebrows arched.  "For you, that is exceptional."
He glanced into the kitchen.  “Then I come here.  My kid's artwork's on your fridge,” he said.  “And that's it.”  He looked back at Steve.  “If we break up, it'd leave such a-”  He shook his head.  “A hole in my world.  You're so deeply embedded in my life, that if you leave, it'll just leave this gaping empty space and I don't know if I can fill that again, because you're everywhere, you're part of my life, a big part of it.”
DJ's head tipped to the side.  “If it's ours,” he said, the words slow, “then we know how to break it.”  His smile was just as slow, just as certain.  “If it's ours, we can break it.”
Steve frowned down at the line that wobbled across his page.  He shook the ache out of his hand.  “Why?”
Not many people managed to surprise Tony Stark.
DJ studied the top of the sushi tray, where his name had been scrawled with an oil crayon.  He picked at one of the letters with a fingernail.  “Yes.”  He looked up.  “Why?”
Sam poked his head out the door, his brows drawn up tight in confusion. “Fire me? How can you fire me, I don't-”
“From both a childcare as well as a pruning perspective, yes,” Bobbi said.  “But if there’s one word that could be used to describe Stark, it’d be contrary.”  She tucked her hands in the pockets of her overalls.  “The harder Rogers argues, the more Tony’s going to dig in his heels.  Until one of them-”
Steve cut across the final intersection, heading back towards home.  It was still early enough that the city was just starting to stir, pale light spilling over the sidewalks, lights coming on behind windows high above him.  Pigeons whirled over the streets, taxis and delivery trucks trundled on their way.
“And the paper I work for has a headline that reads, 'Spider-Man Destroys Public Art,'” Peter said.
“Excuse you, I’ve been a great help,” Carol said.
DJ considered him.  “You're supposed to be fixing,” he said.
“I didn’t lose him,” Stephen interrupted.  “I know exactly where he is.”
“Yeah, you’re ruining Christmas for everyone,” Clint said, one leg thrown over the side of the couch.  He had his box balanced on his stomach.  “Get on with it, or I’m skipping you.”
“She's good at getting her followers in a lather,” Marcy said. “You can discount her, but I'm not about to.”
“Of course, if you let me live, I'll make you breakfast,” Steve said.
“I’d appreciate that.”
“Looking forward to hitting the streets again.  Back then, I was a radical with a spatula and a knife, and I did more damage with the spatula,” Isaiah said.  He sounded gleeful, and considering the way he was handling the pastry brush, Tony was inclined to believe him.  “Now I'm just old.”
She fell silent for a moment.  She reached for the basket, picking an apple seemingly at random.  “They came, in the morning, the shift supervisor and the overseer, to tell me that he was dead.”  A muscle in her jaw twitched.  “Shot.”
“No, I-”  Peter’s mouth worked.  “He’s going to be your son, though, and-”
“He leaves pieces of the newspaper in every room of the penthouse. In case he wants to reread something, or maybe in case I do.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “He laughs at stupid old movies. He stacks up books on every flat surface. He folds laundry while he watches the news and grumbles at his shirts when the news isn't good.”
Tony nodded.  “Where?”
"Probably," Peter said, wiping his hands on his apron before he pulled it off.  He hopped out the back of the truck and turned back to peer up at Steve.  "Hope the food truck fest went well, but glad you're back, Steve!”
Sam rewrapped the loaf of bread.  “I’ll-” he started, but Bucky was already striding past him, snagging his water flask as he went by.  Sam watched him go, an eyebrow arched.  “Or, Bucky’ll go with you.”
Tony sighed, an audible exhale.  "Darling.  You walked in looking very fancy and I'm sure, very fine.  I am wearing a suit that's about two steps above my usual satirical excellence.  If we were both sweaty and unshaven and carrying, I don't know, various pieces of sporting equipment, we could probably make a meet-up at the local Applebees look like just a couple of guys grabbing a burger."
“Love you,” DJ said.  He held up a flashcard.  “One more.”
He paused, his head tipped to the side, a faint smile on his face as he set Steve’s bag down next to the door.  “I promise, I’m not here to wake him.”
“Yes, he has,” Tony said, as Clint pulled into the drive through.
Tony tried to look up, and his head didn’t move.  He tried to say something, and that didn’t work either, his tongue swollen and stubborn in his mouth.
“I'm fine, I'm-”
“Right.  Where it’s a little quieter,” Tony said.  He held out a twenty dollar bill to her.  “If he has a reply, will you bring it to me?”
“Stay and have some breakfast,” Pepper said, “and then Happy can drive you back.”
“Promise,” Steve said.  He smiled.  “Love you.”
“I'm on it.” Eli dropped into the arm chair across from Tony.  Tony glared at him, and Eli grinned.  “Sorry, man, I owe him, so...  Just sit your ass down, okay?”
“Mrs. Parker!” Pepper darted around Rhodey.  “Thank heavens.  I need you.”
“That’s the worst punishment you can come up with?” May asked, her voice exhausted.
“We’ll put that one in the ‘maybe’ column,” Steve said, as if he had any idea what bakery he was putting in that category.  Of course, right now, everything was in the ‘maybe’ column, so he didn’t suppose it really mattered.  He looked Greer.  “Do you want me to-” She held up a hand in his direction.  Steve tried not to smile.  “Guess that’s a no.”
“Just go, Stark,” Steve said, and laughing, Tony went.
Sam shrugged.  “Look, I'll be honest, as your friend, I don't think you should sleep with him until you get this whole thing straightened out.”  He stopped.  “So to speak.”
Chuckling, Steve reached for a cup, but stopped, his hand just resting on the pot.  Through the windows, he could see a balcony, a small glass and metal table and a couple of chairs warming in the sunshine between planters of ivy and flowers.  Curious, he moved the draperies, finding the door tucked away behind them.
“Give it here,” he said, holding up the whiskey bottle.
“Know what?  I would, too,” Tony said.
On the other side of his desk, separated from him by that gulf of polished wood, Peter paused.  He swallowed, his throat bobbing.  “I know the only reason I’m here is because Uncle Ben died at the factory,” he said, and it was so small, so quiet, and it fell like a rock into the space between them.
“Could’ve sworn I did,” Tony said, but his smile was tight now.  Thin.  “Didn’t realize anyone was paying attention.”
“Which is now universally regarded as a mistake, it's true,” Tony said, trying not to laugh.  “Barton, seriously?”
“I want to go home,” Tony said.  “I want to be able to take us home.  Now.  Right this minute.  Ten minutes ago.  I want to be back in where I belong and I want to find some way to staple the kid’s feet to the floor so this doesn’t happen again, that’s what I want, and I’m not going to get it.”  Exhausted, he rubbed the back of his neck.  “I’m not going to get any of it, so let’s just…”  He tried to smile at Steve, and judging by the way Steve looked up at him, it wasn’t very successful.  “Can we just-”
Peter moaned and all Wade could do was smirk as he moved his free hand to stroke Peter's aching cock.
"Awe, Penis Parker needs his mommy- oh wait. Oh, isn't she dead, Parker? She is, isn't she Parker?"
Bucky's words were like a violent punch to the face. "Rumlow is alive."
Peter sighed and gently closed his laptop. He stood and swayed, he hadn't stood in hours. Wade carefully lifted him and as he carried the boy to the bedroom, he could feel Peter tracing the burns on his arms. Peter's touch burned his skin, and it hurt. But it wasn't the kind of burning that made his skin that way, and it wasn't an awful hurt.
Bucky nodded and kept inspecting the ground, right up to what looked like fresh tire-tracks not far from the blood. "Steve, here."
"No!" Tony suddenly stopped pacing and turned on his heel to face his new beau. "Don't you even start. You knew that Steve was gonna propose and you didn't tell me?"
Plenty of people would be better off without him, he thinks. Except now he isn't sure. If he had died, who'd be here for Peter right now?
Bucky slammed his metal arm against a bunch of hanging chains to make a noise loud enough to get the prisoner's attention. Nat circled around the chair he was strapped to.
He looked down to his arm and she saw the scratch and determined that it was what was bothering him so much, so she grabbed his wrist and covered the scratch with her thumb while caressing his cheek with the other. "You're safe Peter. You know I won't let anything happen to you."
TW: religion
Peter makes it easier for himself by picking out the words he can read and then using the words other readable words around it to find enough context clues to form a fucking thought. He rubs his temple in annoyance and sighs. Where was Wade?
Bucky frowned impossibly harder and turned to Nat. She seemed to understand, just like Steve did. Despite the whole ordeal, they'd all just gone through, Peter needed Tony. He just hoped they'd all be on the same page of pretending that nothing happened between them, for Peter's sake. The poor kid had enough going on already as it was, they didn't want to add to his stress.
When Nat opened her eyes, her pulse quickened in fear. She was alone and tied to a chair. It wouldn't stop her, but the scary part was the fact that she'd never been kidnapped without her allowing her captors to catch her. This time... Rumlow was fast, and he hit so fucking hard there was no way to stop him.
going to hurt you."
Tony stopped walking entirely and Bucky almost collided with his back. Luckily his reflexes were fast enough he was able to jump back before Tony turned around. "VX9013 and CX4376 are two highly dangerous symbiotic organisms from another planet. They on adrenaline and grant almost spider-like powers to their hosts. They've been trapped in our high-security vaults for years, and NOW, your brat has endangered EVERYONE."
Again, he was smacked and again he silenced, hot tears rolling down his cheeks. He saw Bucky rise to his feet and turn to go back the way they came and Peter cried harder. He was so close to being out of this hell-hole...
"You always knew it'd be me, didn't you, Brock?"
Sorry about how long it's been, I'm trying to pack up to move in a couple of months on top of still trying to graduate.
He wishes that he could do it for himself, but his arms just aren't strong enough yet. He watches as Bucky walks around the yard before asking Peter where he thinks a good place for a garden would be. Peter says that any place would be a good place for flowers, as long as there could be a lot of space for them to grow. Bucky noted that the yard wasn't much of a yard before asking what Peter thought about a regular garden for vegetables and such.
She would never know that she was the key.
With a smirk, the man pulled again, only he didn't let up. He opted for pulling enough that Peter leaned back to lessen said pull, and he pulled until Peter's head was in the water. All the while, Rumlow was still stroking the boy as he whimpered and fought, thinking he'd be drowned otherwise.
Even once he let go, Wade didn't move away from Peter. He didn't stop being concerned. "That was a flashback, wasn't it?"
Peter watched as the man sat down on his bed, and he felt something he never remembered feeling before. He thinks it's what other people describe as butterflies in the stomach when you get nervous around someone you like. "I feel... Like I should've gotten you something."
? She... Was she really there?" He rose from his chair and so did his voice, "
when he looked inside.
Peter's touch was distracting. Wade remembered hearing people talk like this when they admit they're in love. Is that what this was turning into? Love?
Steve gave Tony a real, true smile. "Thank you Tony... I don't know how I'll ever repay you for this..."
He remembers a super-soaker fight in the fifth grade. He remembers being given money for school trips, even when money was tight. He remembers being her number one priority... And it was all taken away. He'll never have those things again... She won't ever have those things. Hydra took all that she was. All she could've been... Gone.
The door opened and in stepped a tired looking blonde, munching on a sandwich. "Sleeping Beauty's finally awake, huh? Good. I'm here to tell you what your problem is. Your Banner guy? Not the top tier. If you arrest him, I don't think you'll ever catch the real big bad."
They needed to be quick if they were going to get any kind of head start on Rumlow. Wade urged Peter to hold onto the back of his hospital gown as they continued on, so he could keep him shielded and he wouldn't fall behind.
Maybe, he thinks, Bruce had been listening to him the whole time, relaying the information to Tony. Maybe he was helping him change and somewhere the line got... Muddled.
Peter nodded and wiped his palms on his jeans. "I'm going with you... I'm going to make that motherfucker pay for what he did to me."
Peter absolutely noticed and in his drunken amusement he started flirting back. The flirting ranged from touching the guy's arm to running his fingers through his hair while the guy stood between his legs. The flirting peaked when Peter went from laughing to sloppily making out with the unnamed guy.
"Why? So you can keep usin' him as an experiment? He's a human bein' for cryin' out loud!" Bucky held him a little closer to his chest, a little tighter. He stood a little higher, a little stronger. Way back when, in the far away 40's, there was a version of James Buchannan Barnes that wanted to have children in his life. He wanted to have little versions of himself and the man that he loved running around, despite the impossibility of it all. They'd once considered a surrogate, but with homosexuality still being illegal, it was nothing more than a dream... But now there was a child, and even though he carried none of his blood through his veins, he had plenty of resemblance to him and Steve both.
thoughts on more christmas smut for part 5?
"Thank you, Father."
Tony could see Steve's heart-eyes at him, and the look made his heart swell a little... But he knew that it's just how Steve looked at him, it didn't mean anything. Steve and Bucky were engaged now, he ruined his chance, he knew. It hurt him to even look at Steve now because he finally realized just how much he really loved Steve and he ruined it.
She keeps talking about these kids for another couple of minutes before he asks her to
"Oh, Peter... What happened to you? Come, sit back down." She says, and her accent is coming through and it's
Peter watched her as she walked into the bathroom and came back out. She handed him a plastic package with a soft sigh. "It should work... The instructions are on the sink."
Everything he'd done to get here, all the orders he'd taken, the lives he'd ended. Even all of the people he saved... It seems like it's all been for nothing when things like this happen... And if anything happens to Peter, then the whole world could end... And what would he get out of it?
Right at his feet was Wanda... Or, what was left of her. Her head was turned the completely wrong way and her left leg was laying several feet away. Over the back of the couch was Sam, two large slices through his chest. His blood trickled down the once white upholstery and onto the face of Clint, whose eyes looked as if they'd been clawed out of his skull. Several bullet holes filled his stomach.
The bag contains the following: 6 pairs of spandex leggings in varying solid colors, 4 pair of all black cotton leggings, and another black spandex pair with some kind of cute mesh around the knees.
him, tortured him too, and probably did the same to loads of fucking people. Thirdly, this asshole had already been taken in the legal way, and nothing fucking happened because he
Wade shook him once. "Peter. Peter it's going to be okay."
Peter was aware of one thing when he woke: he was alone. But that wasn't unusual for him, as he was quite used to being left on his own for long periods of time.
Tony's eyes went wide, but then he laughed. "That's terrifying."
fucking reasons.
Much to Wade's actual surprise, Peter did as he was told and immediately started begging. He begged to be fucked harder and deeper. "Please Wade, please, fuck me, fuck... I wanna be your good boy, Wade, shit."
"You mean to tell me you've never seen or heard of it?" She asks as Bucky stands next to her in stoic silence.
Steve looked shocked, and Bucky's jaw was set, and with the way Natasha was staring, almost emotionless, Peter was sure that he was in for a world of hurt. She reached up to touch his face but he flinched away from her fingertips. That one small action clued in everyone in the room just how bad all these kids really were to Peter.
Steve's eyes were wide as he stared at the photos as he spoke. "How..."
Peter did nothing but nod his head, wanting to do his best to be good. Wade got tired of muffling the beautiful sounds Peter was making, so instead, he just slipped his fingers into Peter's mouth, letting the moans and drool run all over the place. Wade could feel his own edge, and he was standing on it.
With that, Bruce turned and walked back into the apartment without sparing so much as a glance back in Tony's direction. Sure, Tony will admit, not out loud or to anyone else, hell, barely even to himself that yes. The real reason he started hooking up with Bruce in the first place was to get Steve's attention back. He thought if they were caught sleeping together then Steve would have no choice but to pay some attention to him... But then Nat caught them in the most ridiculous way. With Tony laying like a pretentious asshole across their bed and Bruce, knelt down between his legs blowing him like his life depended on it.
"Isn't that when that anomaly in the bloodwork appeared?" Bruce nodded. "Shit. Alright... It could be nothing, but it could also be very much not nothing... I suppose only time will tell."
Bucky, with a mouth full of pancake, said, "Not a damn thing."
(I'm actually really depressed because my computer restarted sometime and I lost half of a chapter, so please bear with me for how long this may have taken to be put out and how the quality may be.)
It showed Wade, and it showed a group of guys they didn't recognize grabbing Peter. They heard a familiar voice on the recording, but the camera didn't catch who it was, so there was no way to be totally sure. There was one thing they knew for sure though.
Bruce shook his head. "I can't let you tell him, and if it means I go down with you, so be it."
And it made him even scarier.
Tony's eyes widened, and he looked so goddamn afraid that Bucky had learned something terrible. And in a way he had. Bucky squatted down to look Tony dead in the eye.
He nodded and asked the boy to pull as hard as he could manage on one of the chains. The boy put all of the effort he could into pulling the chain, and it creaked and pulled. Wade put his weight into it and after a minute of their combined strengths, a brick holding the chain to the wall came clear free from the concrete. He reached out and pulled the boy close.
"Where's his hearing-aid?"
With another flash, the room looked back to normal. May looked alive and breathing and not dissected in the slightest... And then he heard her sing-song voice coming from somewhere other than the body in front of him.
Eddie, halfway out the window turned back and as he spoke, Peter could hear the Symbiote's voice. "Anyone."
They'd started the moment he opened his eyes this morning, and he couldn't avoid them long enough to go back to sleep. He was alone now, and he didn't know how to make it all go away.
"Nobody's been inside in a long time... Historians went into the old place exactly once to record what the apartment used to look like, for the museum replica..."
"What happened to me, Wade? Was I... Taken advantage of?"
Peter protested through the man's speech.
Special Spideypool Smut and Tony Stark needs Space
In just a short time their small basket had a nice size amount of stuff including concealer, foundation, color and spot correctors, bronzer, luminizer, and other things that Tony couldn't remember the name of. He didn't really care what Peter and Pepper picked up, he was just happy he'd get to shop for them both.
Steve frowned and walked around the bed to pull the blankets away from Peter's face and tuck them beneath his drool-covered chin and he chuckled at the sight of this young boy asleep in their bed. And he reminded him of the innocence that these two boys both once held inside of them. He saw the boys unruly hair sprawled across his forehead and took a moment to brush it back. In his sleep, he looked so peaceful... It hurt Steve to think of the chaos he may feel once he wakes. So he backed away to give Peter the space to sleep in the burrito of blankets that he'd made for himself.
Nowadays they didn't have that problem. Money was a lot different now. A dollar then was almost 20 dollars now. 50 dollars was now worth 900 dollars. Bucky's still amazed at this new world.
Tony made time for him after that. Time to fight with him and argue that he couldn't just give up on the boy just because they hadn't found him yet. He knew the boy would be found eventually, no matter what Bruce thought.
"Haven't bothered to touch ya 'cause ya haven't bothered bein' good." Bucky watched the look on Tony's face. He saw the way his words stung Stark's ego, the way they stabbed his heart. "You ain't been nothin' but rude and inconsiderate to e'ryone around you, and m'gettin' really tired of it."
But none of that was real. There was no glory in being a scapegoat for the whole world. The only reward you get for saving people is to have the number of casualties thrown back in your face; the higher the death toll, the harder it hit. Even if there were no casualties, they'd still pin the damage on you. The buildings knocked down by the bad guys were your fault, every death on their hands was on yours...
Peter quickly stood and backed up as quickly as his shaking legs could carry him. He tripped backward over something and when he looked down, he saw his own body there, in a pool of blood. His stomach had been ripped open and his wrists had been slit. Part of him wondered which happened first.
Peter pulled Wade's sweats down far enough to reveal his cock and his eyes darkened with lust.
"I... I-I didn't..."
It was quickly made clear that Peter didn't have underwear on underneath. It took a lot of self-control on Wade's part not to just take Peter right then and there.
Bucky was quick to agree. "It's funny. I didn't like your father either."
Bucky rose his gaze from the floor and let it settle on the men in front of him. He quickly glanced at Natasha who just shook her head. They weren't going to interfere. If Tony and Steve were going to be at each other's throats then so be it.
I also haven't written any smut in a while so if you do read this and it sucks ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"Steve, listen to me... I remembered waking up in the snow... Briefly, and there was blood, and it was mine and it hurt so bad... But... I was being dragged, and despite that and all the blood and all the people, all I could think of was... I wondered what happened to you. The train was already long gone, and I kept looking around... I wondered if maybe you fell too and..."
Steve followed close to Bucky and Nat followed close to Steve. Tony and Rhodey were maybe 10 steps behind and back to back while they blasted some assholes in their faces. Sam and Scott were making a great team against a group of Agents trying to escape the way they'd come in.
Bucky knew the parent card was an extremely low blow, especially after everything they'd been through. Natasha and Steve both shared a look while Tony stared up into Bucky's eyes. The conversations passing through the air were quickly brushed away when Steve asked what they should be doing. Tony just shook his head. "The only thing we can do now is doing our damndest to find Peter."
Peter flicked his wrist and suddenly Bruce's arm was webbed to his stomach and the doctor was webbed to the wall. Bruce looked surprised.
Peter looks up as he plugs a thin cord into the top of the code box and then links it to what looks like an old Game Boy. "I need out of here, and I need you to help me."
Wade tells him that usually, people exposed to extreme torture have troubles remembering things clearly. In fact, torture can make the subject forget the information you want to get from them. It's not uncommon, but with the high levels of torture that Peter must've endured, it's likely that they were able to make him believe in things that were completely false or even falsify things that were 100% true. For now, they couldn't know.
With some tweaking, Peter was able to save passcodes and mission reports onto his chip. As he was about to close the window and remove the chip, he came across a folder he nearly missed.
There was no hiding it one day when he came home with a busted lip and blackened eye. He hid the black eye with sunglasses, hungover Tony style. In order to get to his room, he had to get past all four parents though, which obviously didn't work.
Wade and Peter have a heart to heart of sorts.
looking after him either.
Steve knew Tony was cheating, but the part that probably hurt the most is that he was cheating with Bruce. Someone who called himself Steve's friend. Someone who regularly smiled in his direction greeted him with kindness and respect. Someone who cracked jokes with and ate dinner next to and spoke to when he was having problems. He used to go and rant about Tony sometimes because even if Bruce wasn't listening then Steve would've gotten it off of his chest.
Wade wanted Peter to feel it all. He wanted Peter to feel him when he walked and when he sat. He wanted Peter to remember the feeling of being pounded in this alleyway when he beat off late at night when he knew nobody would see his sinful indecency or hear his pathetic moans. Wade wanted Peter to need him. To desperately plead and beg for another chance of having Wade inside of him, and at this point, he could already have what he wanted.
And so they went on back and forth, asking the questions that maybe nobody else cared about, like what color Wade's hair used to be, or if Peter remembered any of his old friends. And the answers to those questions came as easily as breathing did and they were churning out answers like dirty blonde and the girl named MJ. Peter asked Wade if he remembered any old family, and in turn, Wade asked him the same.
Wade seemed lost in thought for a minute. "Do I need to take you home?"
Exactly one week later in Montepulciano, Italy, on the steps of San Biagio, they waited. The "Doctor" was meant to be inside in
welcome back to hell, or the one where Peter returns to Midtown for his Sophomore year of high school.
If May wasn't here, then where the hell was she? Peter's eyes fell on the broken coffee table and he began to fear that the worst had happened to her. "May?!"
"Wade is gonna fucking kill you if you touch me again!"
"If you're not busy tomorrow, we can have our own Christmas at my place, yea?"
The figure stepped forward and shushed him, and he recognized the voice instantly. Nat must have come down this way to check on him. Peter didn't speak Russian, but whatever she was saying to him was soothing. She sat down on the edge of his bed and the light from his lava lamp lit up her face. "быть спокойным маленьким."
Thankfully, deciding against that thought, he looked across the way to an alley where Natalia was meant to be waiting for him. As of right now, he was out of his direct line of sight, which was perfect. The less he worried about her right now, the better, and let's face it, she can handle herself.
"Hit me like you did when I was shot!"
It was Eddie's turn to look confused. "How'd you uh, h-how'd you know it was me, exactly?"
TW: self-mutilation, suicidal thoughts, slight gore.
And they were. They were human and they were different and broken. But they were still people.
"Who the hell is Eddie?"
All he could do was shake his head slowly, not nearly trusting his voice to carry a coherent thought across in a conversation. Steven sighed.
Bruce just stared down at the angry boy in front of him, silent, unmoving.
He whipped around but saw nothing in the darkness. He needed to get to his room for his suit, and quickly... He'd be able to see better, and maybe it'd give him some clarity.
“I’ll be honest,” Bobbi said, her head bent over a stack of notes, “I’m less worried about the fact that he knew him, and more that he felt he had to tell us he knew him.”  She made a see-saw motion in midair with one hand.  “He usually plays everything on a ‘need to know’ basis.”
She glanced at the coffee shop by the front door.  "I don't..."  Her voice trailed away, and she looked up at Steve, her eyes steady.  "I don't want to be that far away from them."
“Deal.”  DJ popped an orange gumdrop into his mouth, savoring the spicy-sweet crunch of the sugar coating.
Steve made a sound that might’ve been a laugh.  “No,” he said.  He glanced at Rhodey, and his eyes were red.  “We’re not.” He shifted his bags, rolling his shoulder, and looked back at the stairs.  “Okay if I take the passenger seat up front with you?” When he looked back at Rhodey, he managed a thin smile.  “I was never comfortable in the back.”
“I should've known.”
Clint looked at him.  Jarvis looked back, the tiniest hint of a smile creasing his cheeks.  “I do believe it a good sign that they’re making an effort,” Jarvis offered.
DJ's face fell, and Tony gave him a rueful smile.  “Had enough of that last night, I take it.”  He looked down at the page, where a clear outline of a swing had emerged from the scribbled lines.  “Right.”  He pushed himself to his feet, and headed for the door, punching the call button before turning back to face them.  “You should have a picnic.”
“He absolutely was,” Pepper said to Rhodey, her chin braced on his breastbone.  “He was-”  She made her eyes huge, fluttering her eyelashes.  “He did the thing.”
She picked up DJ’s cup with one hand, turning it so that the handle faced him.  “Yes, but I know you,” she said.  “We’ve met before.  Many times.” She leaned forward.  “I may not know your face, but I-” One finger flicked in his direction, the diamond in her ring glittering with the movement.  “Know.  You.”
“I believe he is questioning his parenting abilities,” Jarvis said.
Tony choked on a laugh.  “Fine.  Fine.” Tony stripped his shirt over his head, barely wincing as his shoulder protested the movement.  He tossed it aside.  “I’ll just have to break up with you before the blender comes out.”
“Everyone who isn’t a groom, let’s go take our places,” Trip said, gesturing towards the two wooden doors that separated the lobby from what Steve supposed was the chapel.  As everyone started filing through, she looked back with a smile.  “Gentlemen, when you’re ready, we’ll be waiting.”
Despite that, it took about five steps to realize the obvious.  “You don't know how to dance, do you?" Tony asked, his tone musing.
“Wonderful, looking forward to unwrapping the box of half broken metal scraps that you’ve glued together,” Tony said, and strangely enough, that wasn’t even sarcasm.  He couldn’t remember the last time he’d anticipated a gift this much.  “Before that, though, I’m going to need you to decorate the house.”
The blonde stared at her.  “What?”  His eyes went wide.  “Oh.  Oh, God, no.  No.  Not-  Not that kind of a documentation problem, it’s-”  He took a deep breath.  “It’s so, so much worse than that.”
Justin Hammer was a trying man under the best of circumstances. The middle of the Grand Foyer of Radio City Music Hall twenty minutes before the show was due to start was not the best of circumstances. With the crowd pressing in at all sides, and more people pouring in off the street with each passing moment, he was inescapable.
“It’ll be appreciated,” Steve said, and Tony was strangely grateful that he had the words to say.
Halfway through replying, he gave up, tossing it back next to the sink and heading back to the bedroom.  “Darce?” he called as he rubbed his hair.  Outside of their bedroom door, he could hear the faint sound of voices, rising and falling in quick bursts.  Concerned now, he struggled to get a pair of sweatpants up his damp legs.  Wrestling the fabric into place, he grabbed hold of the waistband, making sure they stayed up as he stumbled towards the door.
“She told me so many things that I’m no longer even sure why I’m here,” Shuri said.
“Right.  We had tacos yesterday, Deej.”  A taxi came slamming through three lanes of traffic, cutting them off with the blare of a horn.  Steve hit the brakes, his right hand shooting out to brace DJ in his seat.
Steve realized his mouth was hanging open.  “You’re lying,” he said, flat out, and Clint burst into laughter.
Tony stared at him for a long, silent moment, then turned on his stool, going back to the open journal in front of him.  “You really need to read the things you’re passing off as your own,” he said.  “So you can, at least, help sell that lie.”
“Well, since you asked so politely…”
Steve laughed.  “That's...  Not a glowing review,” he said, as the press conference started on the tv.  Marcy stepped up to the mike, and Steve's pulse was so loud in his ears that he couldn't quite make out what she was saying.  He took a deep breath, and another, and Pepper touched his arm.  He looked over.
“You lost my kid.”
“I can only hope.” Tony glanced at him.  “Can I let Steve do all the talking?”
But Steve kept reading, almost as taken with the story as DJ was.  About five pages from the end, Furbro popped up behind the book, one paw hooking on the spine and pulling it down.  DJ laughed as Steve lay the book down, letting the cat pad across it and settle down for a nap.  Steve grinned down at him.  "And that's the end of the story, I suppose," he said.
If Miss Potts heard the unctuous note in Murray's voice, she didn't acknowledge it.  Instead, she smiled up at Steve, her big blue eyes surrounded by long dark lashes.  "Hello, Officer Rogers," she said, extending one white gloved hand.  "So pleased to meet you."  She sounded almost sincere.
The flash bulb went off with a crack.
“Hey,” he said with a smile.  He held up the bowl.  “I’m taking this, unless anyone else wants it?”
“Rhodey is as big of a human disaster area as you are!” Pepper said, nicking a slice of pickled carrot from his plate.  “He just does a better job of covering it up.  Until he’s in your vicinity.  Then that carefully maintained facade collapses like an undercooked souffle.”
“Adults don't think kids know about things,” Val said.  She tossed her head from side to side, the movement sudden and almost violent, her hair tumbling around her shoulders, around her face.  “I think they tell themselves we don't, because it makes them uncomfortable if they have to think about us thinking about things.”
“There’s seltzer, milk and chocolate syrup in the kitchen,” Tony pointed out.
“You really don’t.  Can we focus here?” Tony asked the room at large.
“Because the floor was taken?” Rhodey said.
Clea looked back at Strange.  “Is that the Captain?” she asked, gesturing in Steve’s direction.
Rhodey looked like he wanted to say something about that.  Instead, he leaned back, his arms crossed over his chest.  “How'd the team take the news?”
“No,” Tony repeated.  “You are going to Harris’ apartment.  You are going to go pet a cat and play video games with Darcy and, I don’t know, I’m sure your Strange will bring your homework, you’ve got homework, don’t you?  You’re going-”
The portal stretched in all directions, a chaotic space with no ground or sky, no up or down, just a constantly shifting landscape, all flat planes and sharp edges.  There were colors he had no words for, glowing with a light that made his stomach twist, a sick, nauseous feeling of something being very wrong.  Some instinct, buried deep, knew this was wrong, and wanted nothing more than to get loose of it, to get free, to put his feet back on ground that would bear his weight.
“These are all words,” Tony said.  “How did you get this number?”
“I mean, you are nearly naked, if I don't at least make a try, I'll never forgive myself,” Tony said, holding out a hand.  “You understand.”
“If I’ve learned something, I can go,” DJ pointed out.
“Excellent,” Thor said, forking up the last of his potatoes.  “I should make it worth their time.”
“Yeah.” Danny tossed his plate at the nearest flat surface.  It might've broken.  “I’m a better kisser than you.”
Steve sat.  “Your Majesty-” he started, as Shuri and T’Challa pulled up seats next to him.  Behind them, neither Bucky nor Sam moved away from their positions on either side of the door.
Rhodey clapped a hand over his mouth to muffle his laughter.  “In my defense, random rich white men are not to be trusted where I come from.”
“No.  What we have is a large reward,” Tony said, his voice tight.  He braced his hands on his hips, his head hanging forward.  “For any information that leads us to finding him.”
For an instant, she was still, her mouth pursed tight, her chin up.  "Yes, Chef."
“Tony?”
“I’m not sure what we’re worried about here,” Tony mused, the words tart.  “Is it his hypothetical parents, or my hypothetical children?”
“You're going to have to face congress someday,” Rhodey pointed out.  “I mean, it's going to happen.  You being you.”
Jarvis snagged the gun, darting back out of reach, the weapon held in his left hand, the coffee pot in his right.   “Sir, are you all right?”
Tony's fingers fumbled down at his hips, grateful to find that he was still wearing his shorts.  “Not naked,” he breathed.  “Okay. Minor victory.  Right.”
"Well, I'm not okay, but you were always more resilient than me," Tony pointed out.  Steve opened his mouth, and Tony waved him off.  "We don't have to do this."
“Let's not,” Tony said, even as Steve force marched him in that direction.  Giving up on moving under his own steam, he turned his focus on being nosy.
Clint straightened up.  He looked at her.  He looked back in the fridge.  “There’s no-”
“Secret?” DJ asked.
Sam studied him, his face unreadable, and then gave a slight nod.  “Want me to read you some of that?” he asked, nodding at the book.
Miss Potts studied him, her eyes steady.  "Good."
Billy burst out laughing.  “You think he tells us?” he said, a wide grin splitting his face.  “You’re a funny guy.”
“No,” Bruce yelled back from the other side of the kitchen.  He ducked down, just far enough to meet their eyes under the rows of gleaming copper pans.  “Whatever you’re doing over there, taking my name in vain, the answer, uh, is no.”
Steve took a breath.  His ribs protested the small movement, but the pain was manageable.  Almost comfortable.  “Pretty bad,” he managed.
It hadn't worked on his father.  Tony locked his jaw, keeping the words caught behind his teeth with a force of will.  “I'm sure that some woman, somewhere, just shuddered in abject horror, and has no idea why,” he mused.  “In that you just made marriage sound like the most unpleasant job posting.”
The night passed quickly and Tony woke up early when he felt his baby kicking against his blatter. He grumbled when he opened his eyes and realized he'd slept on the couch, making his backache even worse than usual. Steve stirred in his sleep when Tony struggled to sit up straight and get his feet on the floor.
[[ Few days later ]]
''What? Just because we are single and you got me pregnant, we have to start dating? I wanted to be with you but you told me you loved Bucky and I got over it. I love you and I want to be best friends forever, raise our baby together. I just don't want to be with you like that. I didn't use you, I thought we were on the same page,'' Tony assured Steve but he wouldn't have it. Steve snatched his jacket from the rack and slid into it. ''This is ridiculous, Tony. You could've said something earlier. Maybe before I fucked you on the couch!'' he yelled and ran his hands through his hair.
''What's up?'' Tony asked when they were outside, sitting on the stairs in front of his house. ''I lied to you last time. I didn't tell Bucky to leave. We're still together. But I couldn't keep it a secret. I had to tell you, it's only fair. You're carrying my baby and I really want to be here for you. I want to be a father. I just... I just don't know if you're okay with me dating Bucky, things are so complicated now. That's why I came to you,'' he explained and swallowed nervously, waiting for Tony to talk.
Hey, everyone! I hope you're all having a wonderful day. This is a late update, I know but I still love this story and surely want to continue. I'll try to write faster, it's just a little tricky because of my busy schedule. Enjoy this chapter xoxo
Tony spends the night at Bruce's home. The day after has a very surprising turn of events. Someone he doesn't expect to see shows up at his doorstep.
But Steve's answer was simple.
***********************************************************
''Now let's make an appointment for an ultrasound, make sure your baby is healthy.''
''Yes, Tony. I think we are,'' Steve replied but his best friend shook his head. ''What about college, Steve? Your career?'' Tony said, getting irritated. ''You don't understand what will happen, all the things that are going to change,'' he paused and took a deep breath. ''We don't even have enough money, Steve. How do you want to feed the baby?'' he rambled but Steve couldn't stand it anymore and pulled him closer, kissing him hard.
Hey! Hope you all like the story so far and thank you for reading :) I appreciate it so much.
''Can't wait for next time,'' Steve whispered in his ear and pressed another kiss on his lips then stood from the couch and got dressed within seconds.
The angst has begun ;) enjoy this chapter! Thank you for the kudos, everyone!
Peggy laughed and shook her head. ''No, that can't be it, sir. He hasn't- wait a minute... Tony, were you and Steve safe?'' she asked and Tony licked his lips nervously. ''Í, uh, thought nothing would happen, we weren't thinking, Peg. And the day after I was so drunk, I had forgotten about it,'' he replied and took a deep breath. ''Am I really pregnant?'' he asked the doctor then and he wrote him a note. ''I think so but there's a slight chance I could be wrong. Just take a pregnancy test to be completely sure.''
''Wait, I don't understand. Did you use me for sex? Tony, I am the father of your baby. Shouldn't you at least give it a shot with me now that we're both single?'' Steve asked and Tony laughed at him.
Tony's lips curled into a smile and a blush rose from his neck to his cheeks. ''Steve,'' he whispered and tugged at Steve's blonde locks. Steve licked Tony's lips before Tony accepted the kiss and pulled him close, their bodies hot against each other. Steve began to move and picked up his pace soon, their skin slapping against each other.
''What? Don't be sorry. It's okay. It's good, actually. Because I think you're kinda cute too. But I am pregnant, Bruce...'' Tony said and chewed on his lip again. Bruce nodded and fiddled with the sleeve of his sweater. ''I know, I was expecting that answer. I hope we can still be friends?'' he admitted.
Hey, guys! Thank you for reading and sorry for the delay, I had some things to take care of but expect to see another update soon! Enjoy this chapter <3
He laughed. ''I know, thank you.''
Tony looked up from the tv, his feet against the table and his mouth full of pizza. ''Bye, Peg. Love you too!''
When he woke up this morning though he had this strange feeling something was going to happen although he couldn't figure out what it was so he decided to ignore it and continue having breakfast. ''Peg, I'm going to the mall, alright? Pepper texted me, she's hanging out with Steve and asked if I could make it,'' he said and Peggy took a sip of her coffee before nodding. ''Sure, just be careful, alright. You're responsible for two lives now, sweetie,'' she pointed out and Tony smiled softly. ''I know, we'll be okay. See you later,'' he rambled as he left the house, slowly walking to the mall, taking a deep breath now and then. Pepper was waiting at the entrance for Tony, smiling when he got there. ''Hey, Tones. How are you doing?'' she asked, hugging him. ''Good, I feel really good. And you?'' he replied, returning the hug. ''Me too,'' she said and walked at his pace to where Steve was sitting.
''What do you mean, no?'' Tony asked and looked at him, confused by his decision. ''Shouldn't you at least consider it? I mean, it's a huge deal, Steve. We're going to have a baby. If we keep him or her, we're going to have to take care of the baby all our lives. Are we ready for that?''
''Are you sure?'' Steve asked a few minutes later, not wanting to take advantage of him but Tony nodded. ''Steve, I'm giving you my consent, okay? Stop asking and take me,'' he replied and that's all Steve needed to hear. It took nothing but seconds for them to get undressed and Steve licked his lips when Tony spread his legs, leaning on Steve's shoulders. Steve slicked his cock with lube and after a little preparation, he pushed himself into Tony with a groan.
''I'm sorry, this is kind of a lot to process, Tony,'' he mumbled and didn't know what else to say or do. His mind was a mess and it took him another minute to talk again. ''How long have you known?''
''But it was just that time,'' Steve blurted out and glanced at the traffic. He felt like his life would never be the same again.
''I have to be honest, I was a little upset when I found out Steve left you that morning... but I'm relieved he wants to be there for you and the baby.''
The beginning is based on a Friends episode in case anyone noticed. Couldn't help myself to put this in the story. Enjoy!
Hi, guys! Took me a little longer to update this time, I was quite busy but enjoy reading this chapter! Thanks for the kudos and comments <3
''Steve?'' Bucky said, frowning as he arrived. ''What's going on?'' he asked as he sat down, unsure of what to do. Pepper decided to leave them alone and walked away. Tony's eyes widened when he saw Bucky and swallowed nervously as he placed a hand on his four-month pregnant belly. Steve fiddled with his sleeve and looked down. ''I want you two to meet officially and get along because... I need to tell you something Bucky,'' he mumbled and looked at his boyfriend. Bucky didn't like any of this but was willing to listen to Steve. ''What?'' he said and stared into his eyes. It took Steve a while to start talking and Tony sat awkwardly next to him. ''I'm the father of Tony's baby. We're... having a daughter,'' he admitted. ''I'm so sorry for not telling you earlier, I was terrified for your reaction. I don't want to mess with what we have. I love you, Bucky,'' he explained but Bucky stayed silent, shocked with what he had just heard. ''Tony is having your baby? How long is he pregnant?'' he asked and Tony got scared, not wanting to be in this situation at all. ''Four months and a week now,'' Steve replied and Bucky shook his head. ''This is unbelievable, Steve. I can't understand why you wouldn't tell me. I mean, are you planning on being involved?'' Bucky asked and Steve then glanced between Tony and Bucky before nodding. ''Yes, I want to be involved. I'm gonna be there for my girl,'' he pointed out and Bucky let out a laugh of frustration. ''This is too much for me, Steve. All I wanted was some fun, this is not what I'm looking for,'' he said and grabbed his backpack from the floor.
''I can't believe you remembered that. Thank you!'' Tony replied and ate a few. ''I really appreciate you letting me sleep here while you don't even know what's going on. But I owe you an explanation so-'' he got interrupted by Bruce. ''No, you don't. You can stay here as long as you want. I guess trouble with Steve?'' he asked and Tony nodded. ''You were really upset about it so you don't have to tell me what happened, alright? Just want you to feel comfortable. Do you need to let your godmother know you're here?''
Tony got the sonogram from his bag and looked at Steve. ''What?'' he asked and Steve just smiled. ''Nothing, I'm just happy,'' he said and scooted closer to his best friend to see the picture. ''And she's healthy? Everything is okay?'' he asked and Tony nodded. ''Yes, thankfully she is. Now I think we have to come up with a few names and choose?'' Tony suggested. ''Yes, of course. A name. I like Isabella, Maria, Sarah. Do you've got some already?'' but Tony wiped a tear away. ''Sarah Maria Stark-Rogers. Doesn't that sound beautiful?'' he said but Steve raised his eyebrow. ''Stark-Rogers? Would you really do that for me?'' he asked and Tony looked at him in confusion. ''What? Of course, this is our baby girl, Steve. She needs your name too,'' he said and grabbed his bag. ''I've gotta go back home but I'll see you tomorrow, alrig- Oh my god,'' he said and sat back down, holding his belly. ''Steve, she's kicking!'' he rambled and looked up at his best friend. ''Give me your hand,'' he said and placed Steve's hand on the spot she just kicked, just on time so he could feel it too. ''Oh my god, she is! Our little Sarah!''
Tony was silent for a few more seconds until he came back to his senses. ''Uhh, the appointment with Doctor May. But I can go alone. Can I just borrow your car?'' he asked as he tried not to look at Bucky too much. Every time he saw him, it scared him how muscular and big he really was. ''Sure. I'm sorry that I forgot. But when you come back, you'll tell me everything, right?'' he asked while handing him the key of his car and Tony quickly took it. ''Yes, of course, Steve. I'll see you later. Bye,'' he said, waved and got into the car, driving off to the hospital.
Tony and Bruce go to the hospital to find out what's going on. Tony makes a mistake and Steve has a secret he has to tell his best friend.
''Hmm?'' the other student asked, not looking up from his phone.
As soon as he had his eyes on the monitor, he had forgotten about Bucky and smiled with tears in his eyes. ''The baby's heartbeat is steady, growing at a normal rate, everything is just fine. Now, do you want to know the sex of the baby?'' Doctor May asked while she was writing down some notes. ''Yes, I really do,'' Tony answered, not able to stop staring at his beautiful baby. He couldn't believe there was a little human growing inside of him. She smiled and sat down on her chair, printing the sonogram. ''You're having a girl,'' she told him and Tony began to cry again. ''I'm sorry for crying,'' he managed to say and took a deep breath, excepting the tissue the doctor offered him. ''That's totally fine, it happens almost every time. Don't worry,'' May assured him and handed him the sonogram. ''You need to come back two weeks before your due date for one last ultrasound. But if there's something wrong, you can always call me. Your due date is June 17th and our next appointment is June 3rd. Do you have any questions right now?'' Doctor May asked and Tony smiled. ''No, thank you so much, Doctor May. I see you in five months,'' he mumbled and left the hospital happily, relieved that everything was okay with his little girl and he was so excited about the fact he was having a daughter. His parents would've been proud.
He pressed send and waited for an answer, not believing he just did that. He felt a little guilty about it towards Steve but he had slept with Bucky and he was still upset about it. While he was wondering what Steve would say, he received another message, saying it would be great. Tony smiled and got out of bed to get dressed.
The man above him screamed this time before kicking the boy away. Peter fell just a couple of feet away from Wade's body. When Rumlow turned to look for help, he found himself looking directly down the barrel of a gun.
He knew asking for help would make him a bother, so he just left it.
But then again, if he completed his mission, then the girl would suffer that fate instead. She'd live her life knowing nothing more than torture and pain inside of a 4x4 room. She would never know love or gentility. All she would know how to do is be the weapon that they wanted her to be. She'd never know what she was truly capable of...
Steve felt a tug on his heartstrings, as there stood his old apartment building, out of time. The old brick building stood tall, seemingly the only building left untouched on the whole block. He saw the way it stood, tall, almost proud if a building could even be that. he saw the old stairs and remembered how they groaned when walked on. He remembered the cold winters he spent there, in the poorly insulated rooms, shaking from the cold and hoping it wouldn't kill him.
Unopened cans of beans and year old packages of burritos were what he'd left for his future self to come back to. He knew that what was here, and what Peter had brought was not enough to last them, and so he knew he'd have to hike back and ferry back to the mainland to buy more groceries.
Peter's eyes were wide. Drugged? MJ? "M-MJ's here?"
Said scarred mercenary chuckles softly and nods, "Yeah, unfortunately."
Peter shakes his head and wonders where the old man is going with all of this.
Steve basically met Bucky in the dead center of the alleyway when he came from the opposite end. Standing in the middle of the alleyway, it was clear that neither Rumlow or Natalia were here, which instantly begged the question,
Bucky let out a breath and scratched the back of his neck. Steven looked a little tense.
Peter looked up at his closest father figure. "I'll leave the tracker on my watch on. So if I'm not back in an hour, you can come get me."
"Shut up... You don't get to call me that... Not anymore. Not after what you've done." He squeezed tighter and Tony's heart rate quickly elevated. He was afraid... Good. He should be. With the way Bucky was staring at him, eyes darkened with pure hatred and rage, he was lucky he was still alive.
The hallways inside were as dark as the alleys outside. All of the lights seemingly broken, every word seemingly suspended in the air above their heads. It was quiet. Still. The air felt crisp and cold, despite the insulation in the building. There was a creeping thought that somehow, someone was watching. Hairs rose and nerves were rattled. Surrounding everything was the unnerving thought that though nothing could be seen, someone else was in the room as well.
. From what he could gather, the first of the threads was nothing but theories about what happened to the Queens-dwelling hero, and the second was started by his friend as a way of spreading the word that he was missing. Any sightings or information were meant to be tweeted with the hashtag to help the Avengers and authorities to find him. It was a short thread.
She laughed. "Apologies, Spider-Man. I'm Shuri and this is my lab."
Tony watched the teen, worried now as Peter's face was completely expressionless. There was videographic evidence of the man that Peter had been seeing, seemingly kidnapping the boy's only living relative.
Through the hallway he went, stepping silently. He approached the wall of Wade's cell and gently tapped on the glass. Wade's face was hidden but somehow Peter could tell that he was smiling.
He absentmindedly thought of the scratch on his wrist and when he looked down at it, he allowed his eyes to focus in on the silvery-white scars he had there for the first time in a year. He hoped to God that nobody else would ever notice. He wore long sleeves, his jacket, his watch. And when he didn't he hoped to God that nobody paid close enough attention to see.
Wade let him know that he was going to shore, but that he'd be back as quickly as possible.
Hence why it never happened.
Natasha flipped the switch and the lights turned on with an audible clank... And Steve didn't know what else to do but yell in pure rage as he stared at the chair in the middle of the room.
Wade thought it would be better for his inside man to only know the main part of the plan. All of the extra flair was on Wade. The symbiotes were his idea, and it's a good thing too. It added drama to everything, sent everyone into a panic, and the panic was the perfect cover to the underlying chaos.
"Maybe we can get one of those four-foot ones, so it's still small but not..."
Following the doctor inside the church was easy. He was preoccupied with his phone and it was easy to tell he'd never been taught that looking over his shoulder should be second nature. It was clear this guy had probably never been tailed like this in his life, and with the coating Stark made for the bottom of their shoes, their footsteps were literally silent anyways.
She let out another shuddering breath and wiped away a tear before it got the chance to escape her eye. Wade didn't say anything, just put a hand on her shoulder. She glanced up at him.
In the back of Steve's mind, he could hear Rumlow's voice again.
Tony bit his tongue.
Bucky took a shaking breath and lifted his head slightly, hair in his eyes, "Before when I... When they had me... When I was... Him. When I was him, he... They made him, made me... Sometimes, sleep with people... T-To get information..." He swallowed loudly before continuing on, shaking getting worse as he progressed. "It always felt wrong... And I didn't... And I didn't know why until I was coming back... Until I was starting to be me again, and... And then I knew why. B-Because, if Steve was alive like I thought he was then that meant that I... That I was..."
, all 3 shades of
Wade would be lying if he said that Peter's defensiveness of his parents (and the way he looked when he was pissed) didn't get him a little turned on.
"Что случилось, маленький?" Bucky spoke into Peter's hair. Natasha smiled at the name he called Peter.
Steve knows their planning is over for the day when Bucky glances at the clock and grabs his jacket. Steve knew better than to ask where he was going. He was going to go to the same place he'd been going since they rescued Peter. An old 'abandoned' S.H.I.E.L.D. warehouse only a little ways from here. Steve wanted to deliver his usual,
She sighed and grabbed onto Peter's arm to pull him off of the ground and into a standing position. "My name's MJ, I'm at Peter's place. He's having a party and he's wasted and I figure that you know how to help better than I do."
Peter stopped running with Sam and did a complete 180 to go back the way Sam came from. He didn't think he'd ever run faster in his life. Right now nothing scared him more than Bucky being hurt.
While Peter was being searched for, Natalia and Bucky never stopped training. They were pushing themselves harder than before. They were willing to do more damage than before. They'd do whatever it took for their little boy.
He had no right to do any less than Bucky.
Wade told him he couldn't promise that he could do both and hung up with a laugh before running off... Maybe this would be a good day after all... If Wade kept himself in check.
Wade knew that Tony'd put the kid down more than once over something like this, even if he didn't mean to. He knew that Peter was fucking terrified of Tony Stark. Wade just didn't know why. He'd understand if Peter was afraid of the little redhead or even the dude with the badass metal arm, or even Captain fucking America because Christ, his muscles are threatening.
"You were worried, about what
Wade made quick work of pushing his own jeans down to his knees before grabbing Peter by the hip.
"Buck? Are you coming?" Steve could see Bucky's hands shaking as he stared at what used to be their front door. "Baby?"
The fact that she didn't do so much as call for Christmas was the last straw for Peter. He understood that she might be busy sometimes, with work and whatever she does in her free time, but he doesn't see how it's any kind of fair for her to cut him out the way that she did. She raised him almost his whole life and now she treats him like he doesn't exist anymore, and he demands to know why.
Peter meant to run straight to Bucky, but he was busy. In fact, they all were. They were busy holding onto a man in a red suit, who was joking about how they should have a safe word if they were going to cuff him up.
The way Peter nods and curls himself up against her legs makes her heart ache. She begins to play with his hair and wonder if this is what her child would have been like had she been allowed to have any. She thinks she hears him tell her goodnight, but with the way his face is smushed into her thigh she can't really tell. But that doesn't matter. All that matters is that she's here, and she'll have no problem killing anyone that comes near her Little Spider tonight.
"I'm safe now, right? You're not... Nothing's gonna happen, right?" His voice was breaking a little and it hurt Wade's heart.
.....                          .....
And Peter did his very best to hold back his tears as he stood next to Okoye as Bucky boarded the jet out of Wakanda, and he tried so hard but the moment the doors closed and Okoye was touching his shoulder all kind and gentle like, he was bursting into tears. And he felt weak but he'd spent so much time apart from his family, and he was the last of his bloodline for the time being and the rest of his new family was so far away and it all just
"Shooter."  Natasha's voice floated in the strange, hollow silence.  "Keep him down, Bruce."
“No, it’s quite funny.”  She paused.  “Now.  Now, it’s quite funny.  At the time, it was…  Just confounding.  And I would’ve said something unforgivable to him, except Miss Potts was there, just behind him, looking quite horrified by the whole situation.  She was the one who managed to say the right things, she’s quite good at that.”
“Sorry,” Clint said, as the girl adjusted the piece of armor on his shoulder.  “I’m hard on clothes.”
He smiled.  “Merry Christmas, Val.”
Clint clapped his hands, startling both of them.  “Focus here, geniuses.”  He leaned a hand on the table.  “Deej.  What are we looking for, here?”
“No, you like to be the only smartass in the room,” Steve said.
Steve smiled.  “Do you really think that someone from this group of scofflaws and miscreants won’t break the door down and drag us out of here, lack of clothes be damned?”
“Don’t take it personally, this is their problem.”
Clouds of the west—sun there half an hour high—I see you also face to face.
“Weak, Wilson.”  Abigail Chase walked up next to Tony, slipping her arms around Sam's neck.  He leaned in for the kiss, and Tony resisted the urge to kick them both in the shins.
But he could taste the honey in the first bite.
"This was my idea for other people, not me.  I was not involved in these plans,” Stark pointed out.  “All of my best ideas involve things for other people and not me.”
Tony wrapped his free arm around Steve’s back, pulling him in, coaxing Steve into the shelter of his body.  Steve buried his face in Tony’s shoulder, his breath shuddering in his chest.  Tony’s fingers tightened, digging in, like he was afraid that Steve would somehow slip out of his grip.  “Sorry,” Steve whispered against his neck.
“Right,” Jan said, drawing the word out.  “Moving on from friendship-shattering betrayals-”
“Almost like,” Steve said, and he kissed Tony.
“That’s either really smart or really dumb,” Tony said, making DJ smile.  He bounced his phone against his leg.  “How’re you doing, kid?”
“Bruce makes his own choices,” Tony said. “Which are, mostly, to stay in his garden.  And drink.”
“Not-”  Tony's mouth worked.  “I don't think that Steve's cheating on me or-  I don't think Sam's making a play for him, it's not like that, I just-”  He stopped.  “Why does he get an invitation and I don't?”  He sounded petulant, even to his own ears, so he added, “I'm not jealous.”
“Yeah, uh, your name came up on the phone, and the picture he has attached to your phone number is, it’s just wow.  Really.”
No,” Agatha said, but she was smiling.  DJ could tell she was smiling.
He was safe.  He was here, and healthy and safe.
“Not by a long shot.”  Pepper  pulled out a fifty dollar bill and held it out to Peter.  He stared at it, an expression of fear rolling over his face.  Pepper shook it.  “Take it.”
“I'll let you know if anything changes,” Coulson said, grabbing Clint by the back of his vest.  “You.  Sit back down.”
Tony pushed himself up on one elbow.  “Kid?”  DJ looked at him.  “I love you.  And when we get home, you’re grounded for the rest of your natural and robotic life.”
"Yes," she sing-songed, as DJ did a handstand, Miss Van Dyne still holding his feet.
Hammer's spine straightened, his chin coming up. “Glad to be of service, Mr. Hogan. Especially when I benefit.”
DJ rocked a bit forward, his fingers digging into the fabric of his pants.  “Hi,” he said, the word a bare whisper of sound.  His big eyes blinked, studying Steve with his usual concentration.  “Dad?”
“Call him Rhodey, everyone who can tolerate him does,” Pepper said, and Rhodes brushed a kiss on top of her head.  Her nose wrinkled up, her face flushing.  “Get off, you.”
Sam held his hands out at his sides.  “Really, man?”
The door to the yard opened, and Happy poked his head in.  “Evening, all!” He walked through the door sideways, a bushel of apples braced on one hip.  He was a big man, with big shoulders, a barrel chest, and a nose that had been broken more than once.  At home as much in the fields as he was under Obie’s newest engine, he was a jack of all trades, filling in wherever Tony couldn’t. “Tony, you left your toolbox down by the pump room?”
“We can use frozen,” Clea pointed out.
Tony grinned at his back. “You read a lot of Lord of the Rings growing up, didn’t you, Celeborn?”
“Are you sure you don’t want to come in?”
DJ thought about that.  Then he gave Tony a thumbs up.  Tony pinched the bridge of his nose.  "You got stuck in a corner for three days once, Deej."
“No,” Tony said, before Harris could say anything.  “DJ.  No.”
Sam pushed through the bushes.  “One would hope,” he said, his voice wry.  He looked at Steve.  “Redwing caught up with us.  We’ve got someone waiting for us at the next inn.”
“And two-” She held up a second finger.  “Mortal enemies, you are the reason for every bad thing that's ever happened to me and I will burn your works to the ground and then pee on the ashes.”
Tony nodded, heading for the table.  As he was setting the wine bottle down, he noticed a box tucked next to one of the chairs, pushed up against the wall.  He gave it a nudge with his foot, and it didn't budge.  “What's this?” he asked.  “Did you bring your own cooking utensils?”  He gave it another push.  Maybe cast iron?  “I know I don't cook much, but I promise, I've got everything you need, and a wide variety of stupid gadgets that you're going to be disgusted by.”
Steve exhaled, his eyes falling shut.  “Okay,” he said.  “Okay.”  He leaned forward, pressing his forehead to DJ’s the same way he had, ever since DJ was small, ever since Steve had met him, as a bot with just a camera, just a claw, the gesture familiar and comforting and right.  “Are you-”
DJ's eyes slid shut, and Tony smoothed the tears from his cheek with a swipe of his thumb.  “Do you believe me?” he asked.  “It's okay if you don't.  It just means I have to keep telling you.  Keep reminding you.  Until you do believe me.”
"That's a damn lie," Carol said.  "Have you seen the people he dates?"
“Hold it while I kiss Cap,” Danny said.
Steve followed him out into the hall, doing his best to ignore the crashing sound behind them.  “Huh,” he said.  Jarvis glanced at him, his expression inquisitive.  Steve shook his head.  “Sorry, I just-”
Harris looked at the door.  Looked at Tony.   “What did you do.”
“Get out.”  His lips pulled back, his teeth bared.  “Of my home.”
DJ looked at Clea, who was ripping pages out of a book.  They hovered in midair, reforming themselves into what might have been a completely different book.  “Will…  Will he be okay?” DJ asked.
“Yes, but it's good for us, and that's all that matters,” Jan said, crossing her arms over her chest. “You need to tell him, Steve.”
“Fix your watch?”  Bucky’s eyes narrowed.  “The one that-”
And he missed the warmth of the air, and the scratchy-soft weight of his shirt against his skin.  He missed the smell of oil and citrus, and the flex of is toes against the carpet.  He missed being able to reach out and feel Franklin's hand against his, but when his claw tapped Franlin's palm, Franklin looked back at him and smiled.
Rogers gave him a wide, bright smile.  "I'm going to go upstairs," he said, and there was a note to his voice that Tony had never heard before.  Low.  Dark.  Almost threatening.  "I'm going to wake Jarvis.  And I'm going to tell  him that you're in danger of lighting yourself on fire or losing a limb down here."  His teeth flashed in a grin that did very interesting things to Tony's blood pressure.  "And make this problem...  His problem."
Steve stared at the front door.  "Fix my collar?"
Her face went blank for an instant, and Tony smiled.  “Don’t worry.  Nothing illegal, immoral or distasteful.  Unless, of course, you have opinions on coffee?”
Steve's fingers brushed against his thigh, and Tony gritted his teeth.  “I don't know,” he whispered.  “He's always talked sense to me when I needed it.”
“Probably with a trash can, but you've got no taste,” Sam said.  “Now, come on, before-”
The sudden memory of Steve, breathtakingly handsome in a perfectly tailored suit, sprang to mind, and Tony felt his face flush.  Not a date.  Not even close to a date.  And anyways, he suspected that Steve was probably as likely to attract bullets as he was.  “Any news from Happy about-”
“I’m better off not knowing the details, most of the time,” Clint said.  “Though in this case, Phil dropped the dime on the situation, so-”
“In his defense, he would’ve eaten the toast, too,” Steve said, making a half-hearted grab for DJ as he passed.  DJ ducked under his hands, giggling as he went.  He continued across the room, his feet following a set of rules only he could understand. Tony held out a hand, without even looking down, and DJ caught it, using it to swing himself around Tony’s legs.  He peered past the panels, out into the yard.
“Okay, you can be a little sorry about that,” he said, settling down and tugging Tony into the shelter of his body. Tony twisted in his arms.  “Okay?”
“Who’re you talking to?”
Tony stared at Jarvis.  “Why do I still employ you?”
“Please let me dress you,” she said, her eyes huge and liquid.  “I'm begging you.”  Her lower lip poked out.  “At least for the next few months.”
He'd been in the penthouse before; they all had.  Most of it was open floor plan, the kitchen at the center, with dining room and living room space forming a half circle around it.  Off of that were the media room, a library of sorts, a laundry room that looked unused, a few guest bedrooms, and the master suite.
He was lost.  And still, he moved forward.
Tony let out a bark of laughter.  “No.”
“Hi,” Clint said, focusing on the girl in his arms and not the voices yelling in his ear.  He had a lot of experience in ignoring that.  “I'm Clint.  How're you doing?”
The man rubbed the back of his neck, leaning back against the stove.  "That so?" he asked.  Natasha nodded as she picked up the kettle, crossing to the massive sink.  His hand flopped back to his side.  "Right then. I'm Clint.  I do the cooking around here, or most of it, anyway."
Steve looked up at Tony.  “Yes,” he said. “Yes, we want to know.”
“And when his aunt finds out you're teasing him again, none of us will get any pie,” Natasha said, whisking Stark's empty cup from his hand.  “Yes.  There's an apple pie and a banana cream pie in the pie cabinet.”
Tony licked his lips, his stomach growling.  “I'll give you this couch for that burrito.”
His dad smiled.  “I’m here,” he agreed, going back to his book.  “Is that okay?”
DJ paused in the act of dumping half a pitcher of syrup on his waffles.  “Fitted?”
Wang leaned back into the hallway.  “Sunday,” he said.
Steve leaned in, holding out a garlic knot to Tony.  "Pick a number," Steve said.
Clint gave them a thumbs up.  “Nat is good at distraction.  Things get rough, she'll make sure no one's looking at you.”
“Two, Phil’s problem,” Fury said, and Harris flinched.  “So those are your choices, Mr. MacIntyre.”  He raised one hand.  “A Stark.”  He held up the other, like a scale seeking balance.  “Or a Coulson.”
“And yet, somehow, they like you.” Jarvis took him by the shoulders, turning him towards the door.  “Now, sir, if you'd care to-”
Her eyebrows arched.  “Do you?”
“And sadly, I know that’s the best I’ll get, when it comes to you,” Strange said.  He pointed at the bench, his other hand tracing an arcane set of symbols through the air.  “Sit.”
Steve let his eyes drift shut, strangely at peace here, despite his aching head, despite the things that he wanted that he was never going to have.  "As drunks go, you're a pretty harmless one."
For the most part, however, he didn’t really try.  Tony held him like an anchor, the only thing that seemed to make sense in a world turned on its head.
Clint grinned.  “Did you make the right decision, Doc?”
“I'll open a museum, even bigger tax break there, I'll just call it 'The Stark Gallery of Failed Projects,' and it will contain only you because everything else I've ever done has been a resounding success, everything else was perfect, you're the only exception.”
Steve nodded, just once, a jerk of his chin.  “You go left, I’ll go right,” he said, his voice clipped.  “Herd him towards the stairs and Mrs. Parker.”
Okay, so maybe I just want credit for having self-preservation skills. 8D
Steve kissed the nape of his neck.  “We tried that, and you tried to sneak out in the middle of the night.  Stealing my pants,” he whispered.  “So now you get to be the small spoon.”
Agatha nodded.  “I have confidence she did, but I will make certain.  While I quite enjoy Stephen’s rather…”  Her mouth pursed.  “Laissez faire attitude towards our shared discipline, Clea knows full well the long term effects of errors.  She will not risk it.”  She swept a hand up, and a shawl swirled into existence around her shoulders, floating into place with a flutter of fabric.  “Wanda, perhaps you should return to the council?”
“On your completely fake story?”  He let out a sharp snort.  “Yes.”
"Yeah."  Tony stared at him, water dripping in his eyes.  "Wonder how that happened."
Smiling, Tony turned back towards the stairs.  It was good to be home.
“No,” Phil said, and it came out just a little too fast and a little too sharp, and he snapped his mouth shut, going back to his forms.
“I can take them,” Tony said, shaking the last Goldfish out of the bag.  “I’ve got a car.”
“I'm sure he's used to it.”
“He ain’t here.”
“It’s fixed!” the lady yelled up at them, and Tony’s shoulders slumped.
“What is this thing?” she asked.  “Since my computer is taking its sweet time about opening it.”
“There shouldn’t even be an OPTION to do that, Daedalus,” Tony snapped, and Iron Man waved a hand in his direction, a dismissive, disdainful flick of his fingers.  “What were you-”
“I would,” Jesse said.
“Oh, she will be.” Jess crossed her arms over her chest, one hip popped out.  “So we were playing touch football with everyone, because we’re idiots, and it went about as well as can be expected, because no one in our circle of ‘friends’ has any measure of self-control, and the Ms. Suave and Sophisticated comes up to me, slaps me on the back and says-” She paused.  “And I quote, she says, ‘Good game, Drew.  If you weren’t straight, I’d ask you out.’”
A shoe hit the floor, and another, solid thunks against the wooden floor, and Tony was preoccupied with getting Steve’s pants off.  Steve’s hands slid up under Tony’s shirt, his fingers spread wide against his skin, and Tony caught his wrist.  “Leave it,” he mumbled against Steve’s mouth.  “Just.  Pants.”
Tony leaned back in his chair, not so subtlety putting some distance between his throat and the lump of fur.  He considered moving DJ as well, but the thing seemed to like him.  Tony took a deep breath.  "Are we sure it's...  Domesticated?"
The stone steps seemed ominous somehow, looming in front of him, drawing him forward.  He put one foot on the bottom step and froze, suddenly aware of being watched.  He twisted around, glancing at the path behind him, and then up at the windows of the house.  Nothing moved.
“So you're just going to date a man and not know where he lives?” she asked.
Steve blinked at him.  “But…  What am I supposed to do?”
Shuri leaned forward on the wall, her feet braced against the stone. “Nakia!” she called, and Nakia raised a hand in a wave.  Shuri cupped her hands around her mouth.  “How much do I have to pay you to take my brother off my hands?”
Pepper was staring at him, silent tears rolling down her pale cheeks, and that was a body blow he wasn't expecting. His shoulders slumped. “Oh, God, Pep, don't-”
Pepper Potts was even prettier in person than she was in her photos.
Big dark eyes considered her, then blinked with slow deliberation.  His head tipped to the side, his eyes flicking towards Hammer, and Pepper could almost see the gears turning in his mind mind as he weighed his options.  Pepper waited, struggling to keep a straight face, as he came to his conclusion.
Tony sighed.  “I know, but-”
Marjorie gave the room an unimpressed look.  "Yes.  We are."  She fished a sleek phone from the depths of her equally sleek black purse.  "I'll call in some favors."
His face flushed, his hair damp, and his eyes dancing, Steve crossed the lobby at an easy lope.  “Hi,” he said, his arms still full of flowers.  Before Tony could realize what Steve was up to, he'd leaned over, pressing a gentle kiss to the corner of Tony's lips.  It was intimate and casual, all at once, a public display of affection that Tony hadn't been expecting.
Steve frowned.  “Hogan?”
“I've got it.  Sorry to leave you to handle the hordes alone.”  Steve took a turn, squinting up at the stoplight.
Tony looked at Carol.  “It’s Steve’s logo,” she said, her voice flat.  “You got his truck logo on your shoulder.”
“If you cut off the front of them, you can-” Steve started, and Carol reached for a trash bag.  Before he could stop her, she swept the paint tubes off the table and into the bag.  “That was mature,” he told her, and Carol leaned in, almost nose to nose with him.
Against his will, Steve smiled.  "Yeah, it's funny, until I need to sleep in here in the winter."  He tossed the food packages onto the kitchen table and shrugged out of his uniform jacket.  Tossing it over the back of the a chair, he crouched down beside the coal range.  "Then I'll be noticing that you unassembled something that you couldn't manage to assemble again."
Steve took a deep breath.  “Like you said,” he said, his arms falling back to his sides.  “Lie to me if it makes you feel better.  But don’t make the mistake of lying to yourself.”  He met Tony’s eyes without flinching.  “You knew where he was going, and you knew what he was doing there.”
Steve gave a quick, hard shake of his head.  “It’s stupid.  I know.  I know it’s stupid.” He gave Tony a lopsided smile that died almost before he got it into place.  “I mean…  Why do you think I never told you?”
Harris shrugged.  “‘It’s his father’s fault that the the curse got placed and the place got cursed in the first place!’” he sing-songed, his voice light.  DJ blinked at him, confused, and Harris smiled.  “It’s a song about blame, and how sometimes, in the end, placing the blame doesn’t really do anything but make people feel better.  Because if there’s someone to blame, then everyone else can wash their hands of it.  And a lot of the time, there’s blame to go around.
Steve realized his mouth was hanging open.  “What?”
“I will, I will!” she said.
"Thanks, but think I can handle opening a door on my own," Steve said.  He headed around the back of the car, his shoulders squared and his jaw tight.  He did manage to open the car door, but any sense of pride he might've gotten from that small act was immediately wiped away when he smacked his head trying to maneuver his way into the back seat.
“Well?”
“Look, they can't all be gems,” Sam said.  He picked up Steve's water cup and took a sip from the straw.  “So.  What'd he get you?”
“Yeah,” he agreed.  “Right.  Maybe we should… Do something?”
“I think eating off paper towels is safer at this point,” Tony said.  “And that's probably the least of our problems.”
Steve grinned. “I could apologize and you could not,” he pointed out.
"Are you drunk right now?" Luke asked him, his arms crossed over his chest.
Steve nodded again, strangely resigned.  “You were robbing him,” he said.
“Didn’t even slow him down,” Clint said.  “Especially since Nat just pointed at me, and went, cool as you please, ‘What do you know.  He’s a chef.’  And Stark just stared at her, just, I guess awed is the best way to put it.  That she’s really going with this.  He looked at me and smiled, and said, ‘I just bet you are, but I need a French chef.  They’re the best, and we hire only the best.  It’s a requirement around here.’”
“Coming down off of a Code Green,” Sam said.  “Looks like he's going to be taking the rest of the day off.  SHIELD medical's got him; I'm on my way back in.”
“Might’ve been you,” Tony said, his fingers smoothing Steve’s hair down.  Steve raised his head, just far enough to meet his eyes.  Tony was smiling at him, slight and warm.  “Don’t know if anyone’s ever told you, but you’re kind of an ass sometimes.”
Steve stared at him.  Sam wiggled his eyebrows at him.  “How are you this odd?” he asked.
The pages rattled against each other, and settled back into place.  DJ held up a hand.  “Turn!”
"Not as important as you," Steve said.  "Nothing..."  He leaned in.  "Nothing is as important as you."
“No, the trapdoor is how you fall,” Shuri said, her head tipped to the side.  She gave him a sweet smile.  “Do not worry, brother, I will aim you at something soft.”
"We all have our specialties, it is true," Jarvis said.  He emerged from the bathroom.  "Will you be needing me to run your bath, sir?"
"No," Tony said, unimpressed.  She turned traumatized eyes on Steve, and Tony straightened up in his seat.  "Steve.  Do not fall for it.  Do not-"
His voice trailed away, and he risked a glance in Tony’s direction.  Tony was standing there, his face blank, his coffee cup held in front of his lips.  After a moment, he took a sip, the cup lingering against his mouth.  “Right.” He smiled at Steve.  “Someone.”
The photographer grinned around the matchstick in his mouth.  “Don't ya want to be in the papers, kid?” He leaned an arm over his camera and tripod.  “C'mon.  Everyone wants to be in the papers.”
“Uh-huh.”  Tony dropped down on the bed next to him, one arm thrown over his eyes.  “So.  When did you get here?”
Steve caught his elbow, loving him so much it hurt.  “Time to face the music,” he said, steering Tony towards Bobbi and the car.  His fingers tightened.   “Tony, we need to find Stane.  He…” His jaw tightened.  “He might be involved with DJ’s disappearance.”
Shiro set a second egg in a bowl and handed it over to Peter.  “But you?  You’re my favorite.” Shiro shifted trays of gyoza onto the racks behind the counter.  “I’d say it’s on the house, but I want him to pay.”
Steve gave him a look out of the corner of his eyes.  "Are you mocking me, Mr. Stark?"  But there was a smile hiding at the corners of his mouth, a faint upward twitch to his cheeks.
Tony gave the mylar bag a disdainful look.  “No, I refuse to be seen with you if you’re wearing a cheap Halloween Iron Man costume.”
“Never have what?” Darcy asked.  “You’ve never been on a roller coaster?”
Steve blinked at him.  “It's a door, Tony.  I don't think we need an entire crew.  I wouldn't even need him if I didn't have to take it off the hinges.”
Steve charged him at full speed, feet flying over the pavement, body tucked behind his makeshift shield.  He hit with all the force he could manage, lifting the man off the street and slamming him hard into the storefront across the way.  The glass of the window gave way behind him, cracks like spiderwebs arching out from the point of impact.
Steve’s eyes shot to Tony’s.  “His-”  He looked at DJ, but DJ was still sleeping, his breathing slow and even.  “They’re long gone.  Why do you-”  Care.  The word stuck in his throat.  It seemed wrong, somehow, and he didn’t know why.  Probably because he was stroking DJ’s hair, and he didn’t seem to know he was doing it.  “Why do you want to know?”
“Are you-” Clint choked on a laugh.  “Are you trying to leverage this into watching Star Wars?  Despite the fact that you're not supposed to watch Star Wars, and your dad's warned me like, six times, that if I do it again that he'll have me demoted to part time security guard?”
“He's trouble, mark my words,” Happy said.  He wandered over to stand next to Clint.  “Hey, jam.”
"How lucky for you," Jan said to Steve.
“Yes.”  Jan's teeth flashed.  “I like that.  Unnaturally powerful.” She pressed a hand to her chest.  “Something to strive for.”
Steve’s jaw locked.  Not if he had anything to say about it.
Stark leaned forward, his eyes narrowed.  "I do things right the first time," he said.
Tony glanced at the stacks of boxes piled near the fireplace.  He refused to acknowledge just how many were scattered around the room. “And how is it that we have suddenly manifested quite this…  Volume of decorations?” he asked.
Clea paused.  Held up a hand.  Snapped her fingers.  “Now it won’t!” she said, sounding very pleased with herself.  A book bounced off the ceiling, and she reached out to catch it.  “Now-”
"I'm always a-"
Cursing, Peter lunged for the next table in the hallway.  “You-”
“And there is this terrible, terrifying moment, when you are at the end of your proverbial rope, when you realize, he’s smarter than you.”
“Thank you,” Neena mouthed back, and turned to ringing up the next person in line.
“It's the sex, isn't it?” he asked. She gave him a look, and Tony huffed out a sigh. “Humor me.”
Bruce pulled his glasses off, polishing them on the hem of his untucked shirt.  “He should be fine,” he said with a slight smile.  His eyes darted amongst them, blinking rapidly.  “Head injuries are tricky, but it looks worse than it is.”
Pepper considered the cream with a critical eye.  She wasn't sure it was worth the risk.  She handed it back with a smile.  “Thank you,” she said, as he handed her the sugar bowl.  "So you know Officer Rogers?"
“What are you doing outside of the workshop before midnight?  What have you blown up?"
"And that averages out to a good solid maybe," she said.  "Don't worry.  It's-"  She plastered a smile on her face.  "It's the Atlantean delegation, so no one will be paying attention to you anymore."
“I wasted so much time,” Ellen said.  Her voice rose to a whining pitch, and that was not very professional.  She should probably try to be more professional.  “So much fucking time, Jesse.”
Jarvis paused.  “Sir?”
“So when did this start?”
"Why did you do this in secret?" a feminine voice called.
“That'll make the proceedings awkward for everyone involved,” Rhodey said, but he was laughing, Tony could hear him laughing.
For an instant, Steve went still, his skin icing over.  “I’ll…  Remember that.”  He took the watch from him.  “Thank you.”  He looked up and met Tony’s eyes.  “What do I owe you?”
Tony took the cup back.  “Not drunk,” he said, his tone arch.  “Just comfortably relaxed.”  A pack of dancing women went by, signs decorated with peacock plumes held high, and beyond them, Tony spotted a battered panel van with a fryer set up by its back bumper.   Elated, Tony made a sharp right, drawn by the promise of something desperately unhealthy.
“Believe me,” Steve muttered, glancing at the window.  “I noticed.”
“Spoken like a man who's never slept through the night in a tenement,” Rogers said, his voice coming from so close behind him that Tony's heart rate went right through the roof again.
Was gone.
The kitchen seemed like it was a long way away.  “Why are you on my couch?” Tony asked Rhodey, because bothering Rhodey was less effort and more fun that trying to make his knees work.
“I have to work with these people,” Harris told him.  He looked like he’d been through a couple of wars.  Tony was pretty sure that suit wasn’t going to be salvageable.
“Me, too,” Steve said. Tony gave him a look and he shrugged.  “No.  Seriously.  I’m like one of those, you know, Great Danes who thinks he can still sit on someone’s lap.” Tony’s lips twitched, and Steve grinned.  “I’ll see a gap, and think, ‘go for it, you can fit in there, that’s totally something you can squeeze through’ and thirty seconds later, my chest is wedged between a shelf and a brick wall and my legs are just pinwheeling in midair-”
Franklin gave a half shrug.  “Okay,” he said.  He glanced back over his shoulder, his face tense as he watched his mother hand the car keys to Johnny.  Only after she slipped into the lobby did he seem to relax.
“They got married,” Pepper said to Maria.  “They really got married.”
“It’s a fight,” DJ said and Steve grinned down at his bare feet.
"Leslie, you wound me.  You-" Tony leaned forward.  "You.  Personally.  Wound me.  I thought we were friends.  I thought we had something, you and I, this can't just be on my side-"
“Cranberry,” Tony said.  He tipped the test tube to the side, watching the gel coat the inside of the test tube.  “Maybe less ghost pepper...”
"It's, like, an orange, right?" Jessica said.  A phalanx of nervous looking fashionistas was hovering just out of arm's reach, huddled together like a flock of birds with particularly elaborate plumage.  One, a tall, lanky young man wearing something Steve would've called leiderhosen in another life, took a cautious step forward.  Jessica pointed a wrapped fist at him.  "No," she said.  He retreated.  Quickly.
Steve caught himself grinning.  “Not my room,” he said.  “Talk to Tony.” He reached out, his fingers trailing over the soft surface of one of the pillows.  “Preferably when I'm not there.”
The coffee cup hit the counter with a final sounding snap.  “Excuse me?” Tony asked, and he was very, very proud of himself, because his voice was controlled.  Precise.  The words were quiet.  Measured.
“Yes,” Steve said.  “Take whatever you want.”
"I'm fine," Bruce said, with a wan smile.  "Tony-"
Caught off guard, Tony choked on a laugh.  “What?” he blinked down at Steve, waiting for him to start laughing, too, but Steve just looked up at him, his face tense.
“And I didn’t even stab you,” she said with a smile.  She reached for the blender.  “Come on.  You’ve got work to do, and it’s work better done while sober.”
Rumlow sighed and brushed the dust from his shirt before dragging a once again unconscious Natasha towards one of the meat lockers. He pulled the heavy door open and the blast of freezing cold air made him shiver before he dragged her inside. Carefully, he propped her up in a corner and then turned on his heel to leave.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Clint broke off from the group and when he turned, Peter could see the dried blood on his face and it made his heart drop. This was his family, and they were hurt. If they had just let him come along then maybe he could have taken the worst of it for them, and they'd all be okay.
Peter shook his head. "No, he couldn't, because Wade's not the father."
so badly.
After all, he was a murderer, and who could love a murderer?
(Christmas Special part 3)
Peter walked through the glass doors to the tower, still nursing a limp on his twisted ankle and bruises all over. His shirt was sticking to him where he'd slathered his burns in an antibiotic ointment. It wouldn't have been so bad if he'd had the bandages he'd needed to doctor them correctly, but for now every move he made caused his shirt to stick to him and pull on the already sensitive skin.
Peter frantically shook his head. "I can't... Not yet. They'll ask about the fight, and-"
Peter tried to squirm away from Wade's touch, away from the touch that felt so good and still hurt so bad as it worked to coax more sensations from his oversensitive body, but Wade held him in place and refused to let up. Even as he came inside of Peter, he kept beating against the boy's now swollen prostate. Peter was full on sobbing from the feeling, tears now accompanying the drool on his face, but he made no move to push Wade away.
Tony's eyes dropped to the floor and all it took was for Bucky to snap his fingers loudly before Tony was holding his gaze again. "You're startin' fights with Stevie... Gettin' snippy with Nat... Yellin' at the kid... And don't think I don't know about your lil' secret, Tony."
Steve's shield bounced off of one of the trucks and swept a woman's legs out from underneath her. Sam kicked a man while he passed through the air. Peter jumped from the ceiling onto one of the trucks. All he could think about is what would happen were one of the boxes of weapons to explode. About how the walls would all cave in around them.
How did Wade know these things? Wade doesn't seem like the kind of guy to know anything really, so this was surprising, to say the least. Peter made a mental note that Wade's handwriting kinda looked like a mix between his Aunt May's and a doctor's. Neat, but nearly fucking unreadable.
He pushed the double doors open and wished that he hadn't. He could smell the blood and he wanted to throw up. Windows were broken and so was the furniture.
"So when I saw her there, it was
As the day progressed, and Peter helped unload the crates from the jet, he began to look paler. Tony chalked it up to it being all the 'excitement' from the guns.
When Bucky woke up with his lovers on either side of him, he thought it was going to be a good day. He was fully prepared to lean over and kiss both Nat and Steve on their heads before leaving for the day... But when he leaned over to kiss Steve, his hand came away covered in thick blood that stuck to his fingers no matter how hard he wiped his hand on the sheets. When he turned to Nat, a river of blood cascaded from her just like her hair.
With a glance over his shoulder, Peter slips the chip into the code box outside of Wade's cell.
“He’s a teenager, you know. So, he thought it would be better to continue school as a normal kid; at least
He figured alcohol couldn’t numb his feelings at this point. He just wanted to feel nothing, was it too much to ask for? He just wanted to will the pain away, to stop hurting, but he couldn’t ‘cause they were dead and he just couldn’t-
“How so?” Tony already knew where this was going.
“It was impossible to catch him on time. You did the best you could.” Steve said and the other man broke down full on sobbing. The captain gathered Tony in his arms and stayed like that until the engineer seemed to have calmed down.
He exclaimed softly, probably sensing the boy’s fragile mood.
but all in all it was a small ceremony.
Steve had come next to him by this point and took Tony’s hands in his, trying to calm him down. “It’s okay, you’re tired. You’ll fix it tomorrow.” he said softly.
He carefully sat down on the scrappy couch and placed the tools on the cushion beside him.
The smaller man immediately got the message. It was clear from the heartbroken look on his face.
He questioned.
The whole time they were looking into each other’s eyes, beaming and hardly realizing that there were other people around them.
the other man exclaimed softly.
That’s how their relationship bloomed.
“No matter what happens, always remember your dad gave up his life to save us all, to give you a future. Please never blame him for leaving you, it’s the last thing he had ever wanted. He loved you with his whole being, he would never ever want to hurt you on purpose. Okay?” he continued.
He stretched his arms and looked directly at the lab’s camera. “Tony, if you don’t open the door in the next thirty seconds I’m breaking the glass.” he said confidently.
He felt himself laughing to a joke his soulmate had said and even though he couldn’t see his expression, he knew he was smiling, too. The man in his dream, who he supposed was Steve, due to the voice, had dishwater blonde hair, broad soldiers and delicate long fingers. He wondered if his love actually fit to that description. Shame he’d never find out.
“I was just wondering... do you ever miss your mum?” Tony continued.
And of course, the kid explained to that doofus that the relative strength of nuclear force is 10^38, while the relative strength of gravitational force is only like one. And he knew nothing, nothing I repeat, about fusion and fission!”
Tony could hardly breathe between his sobs at that point.
“Okay, now we should go have some dinner, it’s getting late.” he continued.
He clenched his jaw hard, but if Tony noticed, he decided not to comment on it.
Suddenly, a cold breeze passed by them and Tony shivered. Just like that the moment was gone.
He interrupted.
It’s been eight months since Steve had last seen Tony’s soft brown eyes.
He said as a matter of fact.
Tony just knew no else would ever make him feel the same way. So, what was the point in searching?
“Maybe I will, if you ask nicely.” he said smugly and knew that now Steve definitely blushed, if he hadn’t before already.
Steve always knew a way to calm Tony down from his panic attacks. He brought him food in the lab and dragged him to their room when he had been working for too long to make sure he eats and sleeps enough. He would tell him he loves him every night to calm his insecurities. He attended the galas with him most of the times, mostly to keep the greedy investors away from his genius boyfriend.
He giggled at the absurdity of it all.
Steve reminded him.
“I think it would be better for you to sleep, mister Stark.” Yinsen suggested gently. “You’ve been through a lot today and you need to gather your strength for tomorrow.”
But his mind latched on another thought,
The little boy thought bitterly.
It‘s been four hours since Steve tried to fall asleep.
“How often do you have nightmares about me? About the fight?” the captain whispered.
“The bullet is still in and the flesh healed around it. I just have to dig it out and-“
“I think you should better get some rest now.” Tony said softly.
He replied without really sounding sorry.
So, it came to him as the most natural thing in the world, while he waited in the elevator, to take out the burner phone and call Steve.
Peter nods again before Steve pauses. "Buck said he wanted to talk to you when you got home, but he's not exactly in the best mood, so I'd be careful if I were you."
Bucky hung up the phone when he reached the bottom level, boots kicking up dust as he marched to his bike. He swung a leg over it and slammed the kick-starter. He spun out of the driveway, kicking up all kinds of rocks and dirt into the air as he did so.
Bucky smirks and takes another bite from the candy bar. "I didn't, until just now, but I had a hunch. It's amazing you're so good at your job, falling for a trick like that."
Peter strides over and lifts himself onto the small countertop. He pulls his knees up to his chest and rests his arms on them, eyes totally focused on Wade, whom Peter is hoping will share more of his story with him.
Not with Peter's fingers touching him the way they were. His fingers were gentle, delicate, like a ballerina's dance across a stage. His touch was light, soothing. Wade didn't remember ever being treated so gently, so kind.
He lets out a heavy breath. "Which one's easier?"
Nat continued to play with Peter's hair and tried to fill the silence by asking him if he still felt sick from yesterday. He said no, and he just felt sick yesterday morning and that was it. That sounded like something to Nat, but this was Peter, so that wasn't really possible... Was it?
When he tunes back into the conversation, Nat's talking to him about some girl named MJ that he used to hang out with and how she'd love to come and see him, and how Ned would too, and she even asked him if he'd be excited to go back to school in a couple of months. He didn't answer. He didn't remember the people she was talking about, despite knowing they were probably once
Just before he closed the door, he tossed his pistol in with her. So if she managed not to freeze to death, she could at least kill herself before the hypothermia took over.
