****************************************
His boyfriends nods grinning making Cas smile more, his teeth clinched. "I want to do something for you too. Zachy." Cas lays both his palms on his boyfriends chest while the man just smiles dumbly.
The omega gulped his tears as he shouted "What did you expect? This day has to come Luci, you knew it but instead of talking to him, you choose to keep him locked in this Hell hole."
Dean slips from underneath Cas's hand-cuffed arms and goes towards the washroom, brings out tissues. Cas looks up at him confused, and it befuddles him more when the man starts cleaning him up.
"We thank Lord for our friends and family. For the food on the table and may he bless us all and protect us from the wicked. Amen."
"Breakfast is ready, Castiel," Sam says as a butler arranges plates after plates on the table. Crowley and Rowena had gone after their tea saying goodbye to him and Sam. For people associating with Mafia, they surely have better manners than his office associates.
Raising an eyebrow at his brother he conveys the silent question for treating his mate like that, Sam pulls his headphones off and grumbles "He started scratching and punching saying He doesn't want to go and he also succeeded one time if Benny hadn't blocked him."
, Cas doesn't let it show but he is heartbroken that he couldn't meet the brothers. He knows how much Gabe or Balthazar hates even mention of the Winchesters, and maybe it is valid in some way because of the circumstances, still, it pains him to not go to Sam or Adam.
"Yes" He whisper to voice that sounded strangely like their father's. He stared up at the photo of the Goddess of Retribution, Nemesis and joined his hands in a prayer "Protect my brother, please protect the little angel."
"How can you say that?" He accuses, not believing the words. Everything he and the brothers fought for at the end was nothing.
The younger one looked baffled, eyebrow reaching his hairline "You don't want me to keep an eye on Cas?"
Cas is confused by her what is she talking about?, Gabe answers snarkily "Why is it any of your damn business mam?"
"You're joking."
When morning came, the tents were starting to get packed again as Cas woke up. Dean was nowhere to be seen so his guess was that the Alpha has left to look over his duties as the King.
He didn't listen to his brother rambling instead looked towards the sound of boots coming from behind him, a blonde girl stood there dressed in the same armor as the Winchester. Cas could scent she was a Beta, she bowed before him "Consort, my name's Joanna. Lord Winchester wants me to assist you while you pack."
, Cas rarely cursed but this time he couldn't stop as the horse turned around taking him back with an impeccable speed. Oh, so Dean was calling the mare Baby not
Dean took the chance of his undefended self and jumped throwing the sword away by wrapping his big hand around Castiel's wrist, twisting it. Cas let out a pained scream letting go off his sword which fell on the floor with a clatter as the Alpha came close to his face looking at him with a cocky smirk.
Cas flushed at his brother's assumption about his 'vacation', he laughed when he heard Michael scolding Gabe on his words. Oh, how he wants to be with them right now, being a Neko and omega at that. He needs a lot of affection, being taken care of. But unlike others Cas is different, he is not so dependent but he still likes to be cuddled and pampered.
Dean adjusted himself in his seat "Can you stop it?"
He heaves as tears stream from his eyes in alarm. He loathes conflict but this is the first time he has hit someone, well
Dean hears a snap of fingers in front of his face making him flinch and fall of the stool. He groans at the pain rushing in his cock which is tight in his pants. His head snaps up when he not only hears his brother's laughter but also of the freaking candyasshole Gabriel's.
"I'm...urinating." He said hesitatantly so the Alpha would leave.
"See, I told you." The officer pipes up.
time, Castiel is the first one to turn away.
**************************************************
He rolled his eyes fondly at the fatherly tone in his brother's mate's voice "I...will try."
I hope you enjoyed it, please leave comments so I would have an idea about what are things that needed to be corrected and if you like my writing.❤❤
***********************
But, the words did something to Cas. He felt his head thrumming like he was being banged with a wooden stool, and then there was a memory coming back.
Dean grumbles "Shut up Samantha"
Cas took hold of her, hugging her to his chest murmuring meaningless sorry's but it was of no use. He can't bring her husband back, and he is at fault for this. "I'm sorry, I promised to protect your family but I failed."
******************************************
Cas falls back in his seat with a sigh as he puts his hands over his head as he sighs "Son of a Bitch."
He licks his lips and snaps at the man "If your such a boss, then give me back my cellphone and laptop." He can see the irritation and amusement behind those green orbs.
are the one who took everything from me, first my dad and now my mother is gone AND ALL BECAUSE OF
No, he did not just say that but by the affectionate
He decides to fake his confidence since he has already shown his vulnerability, rolling his eyes at how the irrational part of his brain seemed to enjoy Alpha's closure so much. He picks up his wardrobe slipping it over himself, it's a red maxi dress showing his back, with a slit down his left leg. It's too much eye catching and with his heels nobody is gonna think he's about to escape.
, Cas thinks fury flaring inside him. Grunting breaths through his mouth, face turned away form Dean looking at the vase.
Gabe grimaces holding his breath "Oh honey, you have no idea."
Cas jerks awake when he hears rustling of the door. His head is still screaming at him but atleast its not as bad as before. He looks up towards the door and he can see shadow of someone peaking beneath the doors.
"No dessert?"
"Hello, Mrs.Butters." He greeted putting Riot down and preparing a treat for him. The elder women gretted with her sweet smile as she kept making sandwiches for everyone.
"Consort?" "Is he alright?" "Should I call the King?"
"Oh my god." Cas mutters hiding his face, he glances over his brother and boyfriend who are already up to embarrass him, grinning like Cheshire cats. He closes his eyes just as they start, he knows he is flushed, Zach who takes his hand making him stand, and wraps his hand around his waist singing.
"Dean, Dean Calm down. Cas will be fine, Gabe's here."
After his shower Cas raps a towel around his waist, putting his luggage on the bed and looks for what to wear, Dean has said that they are going out shopping, to god knows where. But he sure is gonna have the perfect chance to runaway, but he has to dress up the way that nobody can guess it.
She turns to him with an eye roll when the demon coughs suspiciously and muses loudly "I'm sorry for calling you a monster."
The seriousness of Sam's words shuts all questions in Cas's mind. If he stayed then he will risk many things, his family can be in danger for affiliating with a mobster, his own life will be in danger. Cas has firsthand saw the ruthlessness in Dean's eyes, no mercy when he killed that man and for better or worse he never wants to see that day when instead of Dean, news of his death came...
"So?" Cas said dejected "If I don't do this, Dean will kill Michael and Lucifer's baby. He might even kill Michael too just so he can enrage Lucifer and take over Angeles."
Dean was trying to focus on Balthazar, but he just couldn't. They were at Central park sitting at the benches, with an amazing backdrop of the sunset. It was a truly mesmerizing sight with mild wind swishing now and then.
Cas nods along but it surely comes to him as a surprise that Dean is involved in politics. Though the Alpha did say he's wealthy which means good financial banking. But this is also so disconcerting, he asks worrying his bottom lip between his teeth "Is this 'friend' of yours is also...involved in your...mob business and drug trafficking?"
"Yeah, I am." Dean grunts out, clinching his teeth. As he pulls back the knife, Alistair laughs again to annoy Dean. Dean wipes the knife in holy water, before coating it with salt, affective for Demon hybrids when Alistair starts talking again.
His head snaps up to look out for the vamp but it automatically settles on Cas who flutters the cloak side to side pursing his lips. Dean flinches almost falling from the stool when there's a sudden burst of fire as Cas covers himself. He removes the clothes and there's a freaking Python around his neck. Dean's eyes pop out of his eyes as his mouth falls open when the music starts and Cas's hips move in rhythm.
Dean picked the room service phone to order some heat meds, he groaned when Cas's hand came close to his cock. "Alpha..." He grabbed the hand, glaring at Cas but resisting, that sweet face was unbearable for him.
Rolling his eyes, he sidesteps the man and starts going towards his friends. Something stirs in him, he bites lips and looks back for just a little peek...nothing more. His bones chill to the bones when he sees the man has vanished into thin air.
Cas tries to scramble away flailing, the dress of his skirt is probably flying making him more embarrassed as he punches and screams to get away from the rogue Beta.
"After that, he became restless and took to painting, he has drawn portraits after portraits of you." Cas doesn't how to react to the indebted and happy look the boy is giving him. "That piece above the fireplace was one of his best. From what maids and guards gossip about every night he sat there gazing longingly at you. For you."
Yeah, maybe he can try to be happy however he still reflects upon what Dean did to him. Biting inside of his lip, Cas can still feel the touch of Dean's rough hands on him. And the problem is he loved it and when Dean took his pleasure it aroused him more. The omega smirks devising a plan to taunt the Alpha.
Beny gave a big reassuring pat on his head, making the omega hiss "Don't worry pal, you can count on me."
'I'm waiting for my punishment.' He knows its not right way to treat someone but he can't help and yawn already bored by her antics. Shutting off his phone Dean stares out the window, the city lights illuminating on the car. He remembers when he was little, his mom tried to fool him by saying these are fireflies. His mother was an amazing person, she was an omega but she had more authority than Alphas. She was one of the best fighters.
Clutching on to his sword he turned around only to gasp at the huge wolf-like dog in front of him. But it was not a dog, it was something more faunal than those cute creatures. His eyes were blazed red like a fire were dancing around them, a thick coating of blood and saliva around his muzzle dripping on the floor but the worst was he only had his angry gaze set upon Cas.
"Omega" He commanded in a stern voice when Cas tried to reach at him again. Dean let out a breath of laugh when Cas accepted the defeat and turned away from him like a petulant child. At least they were safe for now, after ordering the meds he focused back on Cas.
Max snorted "Oh, I like you."
Sam rolls his eyes, if it was even possible in this form and nips at the fawns neck, who ducks at the right time running for Cas, chortling. Sam runs towards Gabe, telling him to not disturb Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean pulls back and smiles sweetly at the angel "Cas I am, not only today from now on I'm gonna love you every second." And yeah Dean is, he doesn't have much but he will do everything to make Cas happy.
"No, I would like to eat here." He backs up when Dean gets off the wall with a terrorizing look, maybe that wasn't the right thing to say but after his talk with Sam in the morning he thinks maintaining distance would be in his best interest.
He unbuttons top of his collar, folding the sleeves of his shirt glaring the torcher objects on the table. He picks up a knife and glazes it with holy water and moves towards Alistair stepping on the fractured foot just to hear the cockroach scream in agony. He slices up a good chunk from Alistair's chest making him scream more.
There was a squeal as Michael replied "Yeah, we are just coming back now. Luci say hi."
(See the end of the chapter for
His eyes closed when Dean's strong hand gripped on to his waist tightly, small tears slipped from his eyes as he let out a silent prayer
The angel's eyes turned to his lap, he was hurt to know after all he did for the man, Dean was still referring to him as nothing. He says "You got what you asked for Dean."
The archangel held out his head and a white beam of light came. Then Cas was back in the garden, his nose was bleeding and it felt like someone was squeezing his lungs out, turning sideways he spitted out the blood wheezing. He held onto his stomach, terrified.
He can see the resignation in his brother's face. When the man is about to remove his hand, Cas grips on to it pleading with his eyes "Please Balthy, do this for me. For my baby."
With a smile, the man leaned down bumping Cas's pinkish nose with his making the omega nibble at his bottom lip adorably as Dean said "We are home, Angel."
He saw Dean's eyes darkening for a second bleeding black before they were back to emerald green but still as much terrifying. Cas smiled at finally having the crime boss's attention, he plucked a grape from the nearby bowl and slid the round fruit in his mouth rolling it in his mouth still staring at Dean who excused himself without breaking their eye contact.
He bites inside of his cheek thinking why his captor is keeping him in a well furnished room instead of some basement? Maybe its something good they want to do before slaughter him, Sacrificial lamb is always treated good.
. He had no idea how Dean can be? He gasped closing his eyes when the Alpha stralled his right leg kneading at his length beneath the robe. "So good for me Cas, laid out all for me to taste."
He listened as Sam's gaze turned to him, eyes looking straight at him "Dean and our father was there. At the World Trade Centre with the rest of the Hunters. He was scurrying the area with a pair of binoculars when someone came at the direct line of sight?"
Dr.Lucifer Morningstar has quite a fame to his name. He is a Pharmaceutical Scientist known for his medical research and if Dean is able get the man in his team than it will be brilliant. He has gained a meeting with the Alpha but if he didn't agree then Dean has other options for the man.
choice and realizing this I am going to do just that, I will not stoop to that level again. I don't care if people like my story, I don't care if people hate it or anything for that matter, I will write this fanfic for my love for it, not anyone else's. So, Deal with it, my book, my rules.
(See the end of the chapter for
asshole was so dehydrated that he couldn't even walk one lap."
English is not my first language. Ihope you liked it, if you did then comment and if you hate me for taking so long then also comment. Just so you know, I will love you guys even after that😢😢❤❤❤
Dean nods at Sam who is beside him, when the Demon pulls back they get out of their cover, Sam shoots the vamp with a dead man's blood while Dean locks the Demon with a trap bullet. He runs towards Cas, breaking him off his misery. "Dean....."
He growled at the Alpha who laughed "Cas, violence is a part of our life...and now you are too. If- and I said
Then his eyes land on someone waving at him, he squints and sees Sam and Gabriel smirking at him. "Son of a bitch. How the hell did you get here before me?" He grunts out.
" The man's voice is low and softly deep. Dean likes it, it soothes him, he looks at figure who is still smiling "Stay for me."
Cas looks up through lashes and smiles as he kneels down. "I learned it from the babysitter." He says still looking at Dean who is gazing down at the angel lustfully.
"Cas...." Cas waits for the man to finish the sentence but tilts his head in question when the man on top of him trails off with a fond chuckle. He feels the Alpha shift and the weight is off him. Cas sits up slowly and stares at the Alpha who raises his eyebrow back "Aren't you going to pee?"
***************************************************************
He got know that Rowena is a doctor and Crowley handles the transporting business. Cas wouldn't lie but he did laugh when Sam teased the woman by saying that she is more of a witch than a doctor and Rowena threatened to turn Sam into a real moose or puppy if he did it again.
******************************************
Phew, I finally completed another chapter. I hope you liked this. Don't forget to give your opinion, 🥰😘
Cas looks at him with excited eyes and nods beaming through tears "Yeah..I do. It's my baby after all." He turned back to his middle, cradling it like there was already a full-grown 9 month baby in there.
He tried not to laugh at the nickname as Dean glared at the woman but it was harmless. Rowena chimed in scolding her
Someone cleared their throat, snapping Cas's attention. It was Dean all glorious in his crown and heavy coats, the Alpha held his hand out "Why don't we sit first, angel? You must be hungry." He was so shocked that he couldn't even protest just let Dean directed him towards a seat holding on the omega's waist.
"Give us a name" Crowley banged his hand at the table and for some reason Claire mimicked him shouting "Yeah, Bitch give us a name."
**********************
"Who are you calling Dimwit, shorty?" The burly Alpha retorted. Cas put his head over his hands, looking at the threesome of people over 20 but bickering like toddlers on too much sugar.
Hey guys, so I edited my cover for more realistic look and for wattpad, how does it look?😊
and it's heavenly somehow to feel that. When he turned around his garrison was standing there.
"Its alright Anna. You can give it to him."
The only sound coming was of his breathing, and people walking outside. He pondered his thoughts the idea of Dean with someone else nagged at him, before he shook his head and sat up determined to get his answers.
Cas turns around and looks up at Dean with lidded eyes and parted lips. He can see the vehement look in Dean's eyes, he closes the distance, so his cock is aligned perfectly to Dean's. Though he is not as big as Dean, he is more omega-sized. Cas backs Dean's towering figure on the tile, as he runs his palms over the broad shoulder going down to his chest with the water flowing down both of their chins. Cas slides more down and grips the Alpha's cock.
Dean glares at his brother who is also shocked. Sam was sure he locked the door before getting out of the room. He gets the omega is scared so he tried to calm him, make him understand that Dean isn't some monster, least of the time he's a good guy. More than that he's a good brother, son, leader, friend but he needs someone in his life and if Castiel can be that someone then who is Sam to question it. Even Sam has already planned to be the best man for the wedding.
"Woah, last night I didn't get to say but damn no doubt Dean is so smitten with you. Your a sight to see." She cheered all in one breath, making Cas tilt his head uneasily and kind of flustered at the woman.
"Everything good, Cas?" Dean asked as Cas got back on baking pie for his Alpha...he did not just say that
He kicks at Dean's shin out of spite, chuckling when the man winces at the surprise attack. "Still feisty huh?"
Tears prickle from his eyes, mixing with the shower water. On the way, to the room Sam has asked him if he was okay? Cas was shocked from the question would be an understatement. What about all of this was okay to him?
Dean patted his brother's shoulder "No need to pout, Sammy. I know Cas, he will never leave his family to get killed." Yeah, Cas was like an angel. Too selfless for his own good, he motioned the soldiers to bring in Miracle and sniff out the angel of Dean's dreams. Sooner Cas will be in the place where he belongs, in the Alpha's arms.
**********************************************
He flinched away scared when the curtains pulled back. In walked Dean Winchester radiating of his power, Cas snarled at the man "Get the hell out of here."
*************************
Cas pouts calculating Crowley's face on chances of the demon blackmailing him "How do I know, I can trust you to not leak the information or manipulate me for your own use?"
The blonde man pulls apart, his both hands clasping Cas' upper arms with a bright smile he shouts "How's the birthday boy?"
"Balthazar!!Balthazar!! BALTHY!"
Cas puffs his cheeks in anger when both Sam and Rowena chuckles at the word. Are these people gonna stop saying he's cute, adorable or squishy, he's already had enough of that with his parents and siblings.
. Sighing he put Cas back on the bed, smiling faintly when the arms around his neck tightened as his omega whined. "Don't leave Alpha..."
He can hear the sweet words she whispers to Dean, how much he longs for it. And it's even worse when the man of his dreams kisses her back with the same passion. He slides down, pulling his knees to his chest and cries on his folded arms, the ache keeps building harsher than ever when Dean laughs at something she said.
"I wanted you to scream but not this way"
Why was he feeling sad? He doesn't even know Dean.
He doesn't get what Dean is trying to do here, Cas is surely not impressed with the dresses and accessories. Maybe Dean wants to strip him naked to see his body, the thought makes him perk up terrified. He shakes his head, Dean wouldn't get to that level but he's a Mafia, capable of anything.
"What I do and don't is non of your business, Dean." Something possessive invades Dean's feelings on the words.
"My name's Dean. Dean Michael Winchester. Ruler of Kansa Indians and I have come to take you with me, Cas."
When Cas is finished, he smiles at his work. The mountain is covered with life, frogs and snakes too come out for enjoying the light and spring. Cas looks back at his husband. "See.....all....better...."
Flapping their wings like house flies, they jump the gates of Hell landing at the Cemetery. Cas looks at his angel brother bewildered when the man kneels down at the ground and kisses it.
"You have harpies?" Dean loses his balance a little before gets back again while Cas giggles.
"Consort, Sorry for interrupting but we need to leave before the sunset."
Cas comes back wearing a soft white sweater and black sweats. "Well Gabriel did it since he was down for years, he took 'a hand at fashion'"
Cas looked at the man sharply, holding the unshed tears and snaps back "What? You will kill me?"
Lifting his right hand up, Cas touched Dean's face lightly arching neck "Just a couple of dollars of yours."
But still comments are appreciated. Lots of love
"Okay, I will just be by the door."
Slipping on the robe set in a neat pile, Cas laid on the bed bouncing on the soft cushions as he stared up at the ceiling. The floral design of the chandelier was exquisite.
When they part and stand up, Gabriel is behind the tree with tears falling from his eyes. He looks up at them, but his eyes stay on Crowley. The demon sighs, rolling his eyes and holds out his arms on which the messenger of God jumps in a second, hugging the life out of the demon King. "I can only wish that I still have my reputation in Hell after this."
Cas slammed his hand on the girl's mouth, chiding "Language, young lady."
"Cas you alright with that?" The omega shrugged, it's not like they were going to leave him alone so better her than anyone else. They waved at Sam who was already on his way dressed in his hitman like suit.
"Cas..." The voice is rough like a rock but to Cas it is the most beautiful sound. "Sweetheart...you look...enchanting..." Cas giggles at the compliment his cheeks tinged cherry red, and looks at those red eyes, his hands still on the rocky surface.
Cas's eyes snap back to his brother, he shakes his head and gulps to ease his fear. He smiles and starts walking again "Nothing, what were you saying?"
"He's a politician, recently he has helped us a lot. Since the elections are coming, I have decided to help him with campaign strategies."
Rolling his eyes Dean let his brother inside, "Don't ask." The mob boss directed, he doesn't want to hear another person commenting on what went down in this room.
That brings him to a whole other platform, Cas doesn't know if he wants to indulge with some Mafioso. But Dean only wants to see if they are really made for each other, after that what will Cas do? What will Dean do? Kill him or like the Alpha promised free him?
"Sam" Dean snaps to the young man, who is instantly on Cas's side hoisting him up carefully, checking for injuries. Cas dusts off his dress, feeling uncomfortable and panicked by the turn of events.
*******************************
He was thrown of from the ferocity the red-haired has asked, her eyes warning him to go against it. He nodded terrified of the girl "Y-Yeah."
He looks at the self-satisfied bastard with an angry pout and glares back with full force. "Yes, you will. Or else...or else..." Cas tries to think of a threat to come up with, while the Alpha has busied himself with admiring his future mate.
The omega jerked his hand over his cock as he pushed his finger inside his pink hole, moaning loudly when it was deep inside him. "Louder, Cas."
(See the end of the chapter for
The Castle stood atop of the hills, with a glorious waterfall to the side and just beside was a window which opened to the room of none other than Castiel, the youngest child of the house and one of the most precious jewels to Kingdom. He was named beauty of Heaven because of his selfless soul, the will to help everyone.
"Fuck me.." His voice is barely above than hiss, eyes glued to his portrait heartbeat going above the speed of a bullet train, his body trembles in anxiety when he hears.
He nodded and she got back to preparing the dishes. It's a simple thing to say follow your heart but if he did then this Hunter life he was going to get pulled into will be just selling his soul to Hell. He will be Dean's, the idea of belonging solely to someone seemed erotic and controlling at the same time.
Rowena smirked at Dean
"Castiel" Lucifer glared at him wearing the mask of Samuel Winchester. "Did you just Molotov my brother with holy fire?" Cas flinches back a little scared "Uhh... I'm sorry?"
daughter and I know she will never do something like that."
He turned to Charile and Garth standing side by side with matching grins and a gleam in their eyes. Frowning Dean asked "Can you explain to me Charlie why I recieved an Emergency message when
Dean lifted his mug of coffee to his lips, staring at him with raised eyebrows "Didn't I explain about getting to know you?"
Dean strides towards the outdoor basement. Checking the messages for the 'delivery', when he feels Booby's judging eyes on him making him frustrated.
Cas petted the horse around her jowl "I'm gonna need your help." She tilted her head at him, as the omega looked around before taking her out of her den. He was grateful that the Winchesters set the barn a little away from their tent and wouldn't be able to see him.
As he walks to his friends, Cas can't help and feel aroused imagining the man as his fantasies. The Alpha was so similar to his dreams, with blonde hair, muscular body. Cas feels his upper body heat where he collided with the man. He is grateful that he wore something baggy or his cold perked nipples would have been on display.
He sits up and flinches when he sees none other than Dean holding his feet and ankle, he tries to pull back terrified but Dean grips at it soothingly "Calm down Cas, I'm not doing anything bad."
Crowley gave a tick of lip and complimented "For a little girl, your very brave and strong."
Updates are scheduled only Tuesday's.
He follows his brother who looks like he's trying to control his laugh. "Sammy, I swear. If you guys are planning on some prank-"
The angel looked up innocently and honey dribbled from his chin,"I'm hungry and I have a baby to feed now too."
Cas's Wardrobe:
"Don't you dare finish that, Sammy. I have gone through too much to get Cas back with me and you want me to just give him up." The Alpha King snarled, he was not leaving his angel again. The first time someone snatched the omega from him it was agonizing.
Dean was standing with his hands inside his pockets, not at all affected by Cas' scream "Get out. Get out or else.."
Dean's face gleamed as he drawled "But
"Y-yeah..." Cas stutters out appalled, he feels relieved when the gun is pulled away from his face. But then he registers something else
They both looked at him startled, trying to calm him, he exclaimed in despair "I need help. Someone kidnapped me. Please Can you help me?"
"Who are you?"
He wants to trust Dean, but something in his mind keeps bugging him. He looks over his shoulder to confirm that the Alpha is not staring at him and yeah he is not instead Dean is staring straight at the wall, his hand clasped on the tile so tightly like he is trying to force himself down from doing something.
At the moment, Dean takes the binoculars from Benny to keep an eye around. He takes in the sight of waves and coastline. He loved beaches since he was kid, his mom used to walk him after he learned took his steps. He moved the binoculars around when a figure catched his eye, the most.
Benny is on the driver side, Sam beside him. Bobby on the backseat with Dean as they bring the car in a roll. Benny drives as back gate opens to let them out. Dean stares out of the window while others discuss about the potential threat who stole their container. Well those were not bad drugs, they were medicinal drugs getting delivered to Africa for the sick people.
He leans back on the seat getting comfortable with his arm reclined over his seat keeping one ear on the conversion going around him, he stares at the crowd of people stepping out of the gates of airport, some haling cabs, some waiting for friends, some runaway trying to find motive. But something catches his eyes as the car keeps on moving.
He didn't know what he was expecting, a fire explosion? Some fucking intruders managing to get in the compound- but that certainly wasn't the case, there was no sign of destruction in front of his eyes just Cas standing with his back turned to him and swearing while kneading the dough for something.
Beside him Cas is having no problem flying with Adam on his back, somehow he has this mothering instinct to take the kid wrap him in blankets, and cuddle with him all day. The Winchester kids didn't have the nearest childhood, but this little one had no idea about anything and the choices he made were also based on believes that he will get his mother back which was nothing but a lie.
When I step out, I strike up a pose my arms out, Todo hiding beneath the cloak. I feel many eyes lingering on me and I kinda enjoy it. After a burst of fire, I shake off my cloak, python around my neck. The chords string with the drums creating a melodious tune, I shake my hips from one side to another and Todo goes up from my chest to my neck.
Dean sighs and pushes past her to climb up the stairs, he hates fighting with his siblings. Jo may not be his own blood like Benny, still, she has been in the brood for long. However, what she did to Cas is unacceptable, Dean is trying here to get Cas to give him a chance and open up more to the prospect of their relationship. And that is not going to happen anytime soon if the man is scared shitless.
Cas huffs and lays back on his chair, as Sam continues eating his salad. He snarls at the man, biting harshly at the crossaint "I get it, you're a person with no moral values. Just tell me how the hell Dean has my portrays lying around the house if I've never seen him in my whole life." He probably screams the last words impatiently.
They watched Impala take big leaps under Cas's instruction. Almost everyone present there was in awe of how beautiful the angel looked at the sunlight, the seams of his dress flowing with the wind. The Kingdom of Angeles really wasn't joking when they said young prince looked like an Angel from Heaven.
They sit around a table with plush white and red couches, a vase with exotic flowers decorating the coffee table. The crowd of people on their other side. Cas can't help the feeling that someone's keeping an eye on him but puts it at the back of his mind to not ruin the joyous moment. For the first time in weeks, he and Zacharia finally got some time for themselves.
The omega seized his actions pouting sadly at Dean. The Alpha licked his lips when his cock twitched at the lustful look in Cas's eyes. The pupils were dilated to showing only a ring of blue. He looked ahead to not crumble so fast to those innocent eyes.
"Can't you take a small break? Please?" Cas says pouting looking at his boyfriend with his irresistible blue eyed puppy stare.
Cas was surprised at the sudden hesitancy in her voice, and over all he also couldn't believe that she was one of the members of Hunters. She had this cheeriness that it was hard to believe, the Neko smiled "Sure, what do you want to do?"
Cas glared at Dean's cheery grin as he said his a challenging tone "Oh, I have something better planned, Alpha." He picked up the now empty plates and strutting out of the office swinging his ass with a mischievous grin. Tonight Cas was going to give the Alpha a heaven of a show.
Cas's eyes pop out comically, where did the hunk vanish to? Or was that a ghost?
Sam grinds his teeth and Adam curses knowing what's about to go down "Then what are you good for? Just eating donuts and drinking coffee."
He exhaled caressing the blush over Cas's cheek, his heart stuttered when his omega leaned to it happily mewling. "I am not leaving sweetheart, I am going to take care of you."
"Go get ready, Cas. We are leaving." The Alpha grunted making the omega grit his teeth as he turned away with a scoff hurrying towards his room with Gabe on tow suggesting plans.
strong? He should've tried that before then he maybe wouldn't be here in the first place.
Cas breathed in relief as the pompous Alpha got out of his sight, he was so scared when the man ground on his ass talking in filthy ways. He was grateful that Max and Alicia were with him, they only looked young but certainly were as dangerous as the other older hunters.
Gabriel was speechless, trying to form words before he chuckled "So, I guess you do take after me, Cassie."
He awkwardly waved his hand "Hello."
But even they couldn't just kill without a meeting, and these little affairs were not always the main topic in sit-downs. His eyes snapped to Cas who ruffled and turned in bed, his calm facial features were now distressed and scared.
He gazed into the green orbs, shining in the orange light. Dean was truly handsome with a stubbly jaw, pink lips, dirty-bloned hair, broad shoulders but that was the thing, he only looked good, he was
There was a silence in the other side, his guess was that his colleague was eyeing the burly Alpha critically before she spoke again "I'm sending you his picture and then I need you to talk to him for confirmation."
Like other times, Cas wasn't receptive to Dean. He smiled back, feeling a rush of shyness and affection bond through him. He ticked out his odd behavior for the secondhand embarrassment.
Cas sighed his mind was still on the scrolls who could have betrayed them? But now is not the time to think more on it, he followed his newly made friend. He gulped watching every corridors for an escape, but Dean was not an idiot he has put a guard at every place.
"Alpha, Take me.." He looked down at his omega amazed, trying to believe he didn't overhear something. He controlled himself, his stomach churned and his dick hardened with a throbbing pulse.
Tu veux parier?  : You wanna bet?
"Good for you baby." Dean says fondly caressing Cas' chiseled jaw. He sighs lovingly gazing on the beautiful eyes of his angel. Cas puts his hand on top Dean's smiling. Suddenly something comes into his mind.
Gabe knows what is going through her mind, he quickly shakes his head "No, no, no. What he means by 'we' is that we are siblings and Cas here is adopting so we decided to help him."
5 years later:
"Kitten, when your whole life is based on taking everything with force, it's hard to react the other way. Especially if someone's taking the pleasure you so much desire." Dean growls leaning down, Cas looks up at the man vehemently. Dean grumbles with clinch teeth "Do not provoke me again."
Dean....didn't touch him, he pondered on his thoughts and the only thing he knew was how careful the Alpha was with him. His eyes snapped to the side table where a glass of water and painkillers were present, but what made him flush was the heat meds beside it.
They started upstairs there were lesser people here it seemed like a section for upperclassmen to him. There were two hunched men standing one of whom Cas recognized from the night he was kidnapped, the one who drugged him, he thought bitterly and another one he didn't know.
After moments of awkward silence, Cas has decided to look around. The place contained several rooms, a big kitchen, basketball coat, gym, swimming pool, and a
"Luci? Friend of yours?"
. So Mister Dean Wimchester, I kindly ask you to let me the
Cas laughs heartedly, his brother was one to never curse. But his thoughts are again demolished by his boyfriend, Cas bites his lips, feeling the skin breaking. Yeah, anniversary or birthday, Zach is always too uncaring.
Alpha turns to him and says, his voice fond, astounding Cas by it. "Five years ago my whole life was changed. My father died...in front of my eyes. The bullet went through his heart and hit me."
He puts on his outfit, as he is putting on his wedges a knock comes at his door making him lose balance and fall back on the bed with a shriek. Groaning he tries to scramble out of the bed, getting all his dress messed up with his hair.
*********************
The man nodded and continued "One day I saw him tie up some of them...he cut them and inhaled something...and I was out of that life..."
Dean snorts as the redhead smirks at him. Somehow these people always have the right word to cheer him up.
Alistair looks up his body and clothes bloodied, and smiles cheekily. He spits out blood, starts singing with his voice coming in gurgles
"Oh hell no." Sam shook his head so fast that his brown locks were flying everywhere, his eyes were wide as he replied "I wouldn't dream of it. My brother would practically mutilate me for even thinking of you in that way."
"Don't know brotha'. Maybe it's homesickness or he's just hungry, fell down just as he woke up." The Beta explained while he kept walking to the biggest tent in the place except for the war tent. Sam revealed the curtains to let them in, there was a mattress in the middle under Dean's orders there were only some clothes arranged not any weapons.
He looks at himself in the mirror, just runs a hand through his hair applying some red chapstick over his lips. And he's done. He closes his eyes and looks around the room to see if he can take any necessary weapon or anything he can use to redirect the Hunters attention but it seems like these people are 2 steps ahead of him and had already taken all his important stuff away. He scoffs and saunters towards the door for 'breakfast'.
With that said he materialised more desserts for his baby brother taking him towards the living room where Balthazar was playing PS3, cursing other players and using his angel magic to cheat a little bit.
So, I hope you like this chapter and if you did then don't forget to spread your love by hitting on the 'Kudos' button.......I know I sound like a desperate whore, thank you. 😅😳
Dean frowns, he did answer the question. Did he say something wrong or did his omega actually asked if Dean was going to force himself upon him? Dean looks at Cas sharply "Cas, don't worry. I'm not going to force you to love me. I will give a chance to fall in love with me, not because I made you do it because you'd want to."
"Me too, brother."
Gabriel turned him around and Cas saw his brother also bawling his eyes out as he shouted "Why are you like this, Castiel? Always so selfless, all ready to sacrifice yourself. You deserve better than the asshole sitting on
Jackpot!
He hears a crunching sound as his elder brother's voice reached him laced with worry "Castiel, what are you talking about, and how much is 'a while'?"
Cas steps back and looks at the man with an unimpressed eyebrow. He isn't gonna let the Alpha affect him, it has been so long since someone has made his knees go weak this way. He looks at the man up and down before his eyes lock back with him. Cas pouts angrily at the smug expression playing on the man's lip but from the perfection radiating off of him, the man is someone to not mess with, and lucky for Cas he's not looking for trouble.
Cas breathed lightly staring up at Dean's green eyes, his stomach flipped again when he saw the concern in the Alpha's eyes. He gulped "I-I-I can't marry you." Cas whispered without blinking, the hand around his waist twisted gripping onto his nightgown as the Alpha ground his jaw.
Cas sneers at the offered help and pushes himself off his chair on his own, and glares at Dean. Dean grunts a sigh, shaking his head like he is exhausted, before he takes Cas' wrist making him wail in pain, as the Alpha practically drags him out from the garden.
"Good evening, brotha." The Alpha says in a thick accent. Cas gulps, he has read somewhere that fear paralyzes you're body. He always used to snort at that and say that if he was ever in the situation he would have no problem running away. But now, his feet are like jammed to the floor, so he does the first thing that comes in his mind and lets out a blood curling scream.
" He teased leaning forward, Dean gripped at his waist with an animalistic strength.
"Hi Lisa"
Cas lays his daughter on the bed, covering her with blanket. The poor girl has cried herself to sleep, he pats her head affectionately and sings the song he has heard Dea murmur sometimes.
"What's the benefit at that?"
How did Dean get out before him? The Alpha looks at him with mirth "Cas, you can't get very far with your head in clouds."
With a flutter of wings, he was gone. Gabe groaned flipping the demon who snorted. "I think Cassie's in Mama Bear mode."
Turning his eyes towards the new archangel, Raphael regards with his poker face "Do I look like I'm joking?"
"Fighting with my teammates will not be tolerated."
He storms in the room and locks the door. He closes his eyes, and bites his lips breathing in and out. Before letting out a needy whine as he opens his eyes again  they are slitted like a cat. He starts undressing and shifts in his half form, fluffy black ears on his head, he slips his panties down to let the slim tail out. It feels good to change in his form again, strollimg towards the draw he opens it and takes out a box he kept safely tucked under pliers of clothes. Fishing out the key, he unlocks it to take out things he needs when his heat are close, in 3yr relationship Cas has never trusted Zach with his heat since the man is too much irresponsible and impulsive.
Don't forget to share your thoughts in comment.😘😘
Dean feels a presence behind him and looks back feeling relief flood in him when he sees the angel "Cas you're alive?" "I'm better than that." Cas puts his hand on Dean's bruised cheek, healing him. Dean without knowing leans into the touch feeling warmth in Cas's hand.
Cas couldn't keep the gasp when the Kingdom of Kansa Indians came into his view. They were atop a hill looking down at the town, there were so many blinding lights lit shining yellow and orange creating a breathtaking view.
Sam led him towards the black VolvoXC40. Cas is wearing a teal shade flowy strap dress, the strap is forming a cross at his back with white kitten heels and his hair in usual mess. He was going through his mind on how to ask someone to get him his heat meds and his office files. Truthfully, he doesn't want to ask Dean and give him the idea that Cas is trying to be
Dean stops midway and nods. He shrugs looking at his baby brother who is too tall for being 4 years younger than him. "What are you waiting for man? Drop the stuff in his room."
Cas backs up a bit when the blonde jumps from the bed ruthlessly staring at him "You are no angel, you're a
Through the glass panel, he can see two horses pulling his cart, on one Benny and in another some women he doesn't know. Ahead of all of them is Dean trolling on a night Black horse, Samuel beside him on a brown horse with white splotches.
Dean smirked as his round around the table ends and he sits back in his chair. "It's good you realised your place in time because it's quite a work to set plastic sheets" he said in mocking tone enjoying when the man's scent came out terrified.
His constant moving through the boardwalk was giving him ache in his ankles. He saw two police officers, one Beta, and Alpha standing near the railing discussing something. Cas ran up to them, catching his breath as he shouted: "Excuse me..."
He steps out and says "Let's catch this assbutt." Dean chuckles and looks up to comment but it dies in his throat when he looks at his angel. Hot Damn, Dean nods unable to form words. He follows behind Cas trying hard not to focus on the distance between the angel's ass and his cock.
is gonna kill you." The tall boy mused with a shake of his head "then he is gonna kill me."
"Cas, you're scaring us now. Are you alright?" He felt bad because Gabe never tried to show his emotions too much, but right now the underlying concern was visible through his voice.
They ordered vodka shots, Cas cheered and clinked glasses with the twins before taking a sip. His eyes shot up to the balcony only to find Dean looking over the crowd before his eyes zeroing in him predatorily.
He crosses his arms over his chest, his feet dangling from the bed as he huffs. Dean raises his eyebrow at him when he answers chuckling "Your cute when you're angry."
"Winchester."
"I mean it, Dean, what would you rather have? Peace or Freedom?" Dean turns to look ahead grinding his jaw and with that said Cas leaves him alone. He wants to do the last thing for this human, who he grew to feel something for but realized it was just an illusion.
Cas looked at the corrupted officers in horror. So Dean has everyone in his pocket here. Even the officers.
That audacity triggered Cas in both good and bad ways, Good because he wasn't going to go back and bad because Dean's rough voice made him want to submit to the Alpha.
"Let's go."
Cas thinks over Dean's word, he has heard it from Dean, Sam and many others. But he never got to know what it really is? "D-Dick? What is that?" Cas asks frowning biting his lower but still palming the "dick"
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas let's out breath after breath, water blowing through his lips, he's sitting on the shower floor, letting the water making him feel some sensation because he needs it. Needs it bad, he's back in the room he got out of. He can't believe that all of this is happening to him.
Cas looks at Dean, who is looking at him with a patient expression. This is the first time, he's seen this look on Dean. He nods puts his leg back over Dean's lap who raps a bandage around it.
Benny leaves smirking, as Cas turns towards Dean or more like his chest since the man is taller than him, Dean looks down at him with a smirk and starts to close the distance.
She was looking at him with this pleading look that Cas just couldn't deny "Okay." He breathed out, raising eyebrows at the trio who cheered. He climbed up the stairs carrying the tray overflowing with variety of food, when he was in front of a dark brown door he contemplated on how to knock.
Nothing about this is funny to Cas, he was thrown around like a rag just minutes ago. He makes to pull the trigger looking at the Alpha in his eyes, but Dean's hand comes down to his wrists thrusting the gun away ringing the shot above the mantle, he twists Cas' arm behind his back, pushing him to the wall.
Cas turned around at the Alpha's command,
"Do you really need to do this? It has been years since-"
Pressing the call button, he waits unaware if knows what is he gonna say, can he tell his brothers about things happening around him? Would they have even realized it by now? What if they thought that he had just up and left? What if they didn't care enough? He knew it was foolish to think that, his brothers wouldn't be like that but the thought made his eyes sting.
"Sammy are you gonna clean this?" Dean asks looking his brother who shrugs back and sits back down. Bobby gets busy with reading a magazine to find something for his husband.
RRE, Cas recognizes that name it was one of the biggest companies in the network. Owned by the millionaire Dick Roman. It was involved in many different markets, like real estate and the food industry but the company went bankrupt when Dick was found dead in his office with a rod going through his neck. The omega feels his stomach churn at the reminder of blood, he throat tightens like he was going to puke his breakfast out.
Cas's eyes are hooded, he looks up at Dean and sees the man fretting over him. "Cas? Cas? CAS....?" Cas doesn't even have the power to respond, he feels warm arms wrap around him as he is picked up, putting his head on the shoulder Cas looks up to see Dean looking ahead, he can feel the tense muscles as Dean walks faster by each step "Don't worry. I'm gonna take you to Rowena."
The Alpha snarled, pressing his body to Cas more. The omega's hands were crossed behind his middle by the Alpha in a tight grip, the metal of Dean's armor scratching against his naked back burning the area. "Cas, not for nothing but the last person who looked at me like that. I got laid." The Alpha snarks with a cocky grin and a wink.
"We thought Lucifer destroyed you."
"OHHH SO NOW YOU FUCKED UP!!!!! NOW YOU FUCKED UP!!!!"
The guy looked down, Dean knew the guy was scared, if the sweating and trembling could go by anyone's eye. He stood up and look out the big glass window. Outside was beautiful, the city lights glimmimg from buildings, streetlights.
"Cas it's fine," Dean says smiling but Cas still frowns not convinced but Dean kisses it away. Dean leans over the bed and takes out the lube and a condom.
He looked away and breathed out "So you chose to betray us? Share all of our secrets with the Winchesters huh?"
"Who's the baby daddy?"
Gabe nodded breathing heavily "Come on. We have to get to them before-" he stopped mid-sentence, eyes flying behind Cas. The blue-eyed omega saw the look of terror in his brother's eyes, so it was an easy guess whatever it was behind him was not something good. There was a deep animalistic growl that made Cas's hair stand on end.
He looks at the blue eyes running his hand on the high cheekbones as he says "Cas, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything, I'm sorry I hurt you, I'm sorry I made you feel used, I'm sorry-" Before he can finish Cas puts his forefinger on his lips
Cas eyes blew wide, a deep blush around his cheek. "I-um-W-What?" He stumbled on his words still dazed. He looked up to see Dean starting at him with his dominating green eyes like he was stripping him naked.
Cas looks at his boyfriend who dugs his hands inside his pockets and shrugs "You know I was with clients."
Dean commanded gruffly at Cas, "Now, bring your fingers around your hole, just above it. Keep them there thing about me opening you up
Dean shrugs patting their shoulders and moved towards Cas who was glaring at anyone and everyone while trying to get out of the cuffs. Dean's demeanor changed to worry on seeing the bruises forming over the sun-kissed body from minutes ago.
His fate was decided just the day he was born and he excepts it fully with wide arms. He can only wish that his husband treats him right, not just as some broodmare. For an Omega, Cas can fight better than any Betas, but not Alphas because those are born for it with blood raging with fire and aggression.
Cas keeps his poker face, the man sighs "Okay, when I came I did come with my own motives...But now, I'm changing that to listen to your story. I won't judge, promise. Bobby Singer also broke my heart so..."
Her eyes flickered scared before she was glaring again "Dean, that is Castiel. How can you do this to him? I thought you
He blinked, he didn't feel any burn or pain around his hole which only meant one thing, frowning he ducked deep into his memories.
The associate smiles at him in sympathy. "I'm sorry dear. I can't, we have been instructed to not give you any technical objects or tell you of the location." Cas gawks at her from the mirror, that son of a gun is again ahead of him. And these people,
"No..Cas,..Sammy...gone.." Dean says sadly though his voice is still thundering. He looks upwards, feels anger boil inside him as he growls "Its...all....those...humans...fault..."
Dean grips more tightly to Cas hair, his other hand on the wall. He groans and pants and starts pushing his pulsing cock inside of Cas mouth faster. "Cas.."
The golden-haired man choked a sob "No, you can't Cassie. It's dangerous, I'm not letting you go." Gabe swallowed wiped tears from his cheek as he repeated "I'm not letting you go. I am coming
your property."
"Mr. Winchester, I hope our services are pleasing you?" She asks fluttering her eyes in cute manner but all it does is make Dean want to throw up. He thinks how this bitch is not a bit scared? Does she have no idea what Dean does to traitors? He smirks and raps arms around the Abaddon's waist, if the tag is correct, checking for possible weapon secretly.
"You're not giving up, are you?"
His eyes raised up at the voice to see Anna standing with her jaw twitching as she glared at him. "Anna, who do you think I am to need your permission? "
Cas smiles, wish he could tell them that he's not very much single. But after telling about his one-year stay, he doesn't want to give more shocks to Michael. "Yeah, I will. Bye Gabriel, Michael. Tell Luci I said hi."
Rolling his eyes at Crowley's words, Gabe vanishes to the kitchen to make something for the little girl Cas has adopted now. Seriously with this rate, they are gonna become a lose-and-found child center.
"Are you lost, Kitten?"
He tilts his head dazed when Dean fights off a chuckle and says with a smirk "Well I have no problem with that since I made it."
things in it." He says pointing towards the suitcase and handbag set near the couch.
Dean scrunches his face, patting his ears while rubbing his nose. Maybe he shouldn't have done that, and how the hell his omega learned to punch this hard with cuffs on. First the slap then this, now he is more thrilled and wants to see if his omega also this feisty in bed.
"Dean, he's not a prisoner." Sam drawled from beside him, they were going around the place last time to check on the injured soldiers when his eyes caught the omega sneaking away. Eventhough he has warned Cas, it seemed like he didn't understand.
Cas panted slowly through his mouth in astonishment, silence is settled around them with only wind swishing past him. He can never forget the day, the crowd around him going insane as loud noises of shooting can be heard around.
Balthazar chokes out trying to keep himself in the air with the giant in his hands. He closes his eyes in disgust when Samuel Winchester farts during his coma-induced state. If he didn't at least get a smooch from Cassie after this labor work then he is losing faith in God.
So now all I want to say to all those people who read my story or write your own. Please,
(See the end of the chapter for
"I will kill them and drink their blood." Sam growls looking at Bobby who is in the opposite sit in the opposite sit to him.
Cas looks up at Dean stunned, he throws the comfort off him and gets out of the bed flailing, the bed is too high for him and snaps "Depart? Where to? What are you talking about?"
Shrugging Cas walked along with Benny, "Anything is good. I'm not a picky eater."
Dean took a hold of his hand as they started going inside the ginormous gates of Castle Kansa Indians. Cas swallowed looking up at the blackened, clawed towers. It wasn't a sign of an attack, it showed that something dangerous lived here and sat atop the tower. What kind of creatures did this Kingdom had?
"Meeee" Both Crowley and Claire screamed at the same time, the demon smirked when the child insisted to be put down and shouted "Last one will be a hippo."
Gabriel's cherry voice piped from the door, he was in a green robe with a gold halter rope going around his neck for keeping the dress to its modesty and a gold circlet set upon his wavy golden hair. Cas turned to his brother with a frown, "I don't understand that reference."
The man in question looked sheepish, he answers laughing awkwardly "I-I didn't order it though." Cas's eyebrows flow to his hairline, the bottle costs over 600$, if his boyfriend didn't buy it then why did the waiter place this here.
"His job is to show a path, it's our decision on what we do next." Cas said optimistically, he wasn't a total Choir boy but being a born in Catholic family, his parents were very religious. He had his beliefs, but he can see where Dean is coming from.
Dean groans as he fully enters Cas. He looks down to see the more gorgeous picture. Cas eyes are not fully closed, his eyelashes fluttering, his lips ruby red like his cheeks and whole body, his pinks tongue lolling out, sweat on his head, hair more messier than ever. Dean wants to capture it in his heart forever. "Damn, baby you're beautiful." He chuckles when the blush intensifies.
Dean looked at the whiskey in his hands, swirling it. He was so tired of the man's babbling. He looked up and fixed a hard gaze at the man "You recommend? This investment was also highly recommended by you." He said leaning back in his chair.
"Yeah, right." The Alpha nodded amused, his eyes flickered to Cas's middle then back to his face as the omega blushed at the mutiny of his stomach.
Cas just smiled innocently shrugging. "Can I go in, now?"
Cas entered the room and sat on the chair beside Raphael "So, I have been told. I'm archangel now."
Now he realizes what Dean was doing, the Alpha was taking returning him with the same thing he did to the Alpha in the morning.
Non il ne le fera pas : No he won't
Cas blushed ducking his head, it seems like the news of his arrival traveled like a wildfire. They talked for a while before she had to tend to her other customers. Cas thought that it has been over a minute where was Sam? He chewed on his bottom lip, should he go see Dean for himself? The Alpha is not going to get angry with him, right?
Crowley says smiling like a Cheshire cat with Rowena who just sips her tea. Cas puts his hand over his mouth to not show his smile when Sam looks at the Beta with a bitchface, somehow the air lighten ups around him.
He cursed himself for crying for Dean, he is only staying with Dean because the Alpha kidnapped him, that man is nothing to him except the reminder of his fallen wings. Then, why he feels so heartbroken thinking of the Alpha with someone else.
He orders Sam to keep an eye while he gets a beer. He sits on a stool, taking a swig of the beer looking for the stripper kidnapping bloodsucker when lights go deem around them.
Castiel glares at the sleazy policeman, holding Claire close to him "She's
Since the Alpha wasn't here Cas started looking through the man's stuff, he was shocked that Dean left him alone with the amount of weapons in his room. Is he not scared that Cas could run away or try to kill him? As he sort through the cupboards and drawers, he found some old scrolls and decided to check on it.
Going around Dean, Cas picked up the phone. He was still burning up in desire for the Alpha. He wanted the gangster to touch him, praise him, just do something with him. Shaking his head, he looked at his screen to see it was Anna, seems like Benny has reached the office.
"Well...this for both of us...since you were working, she told me take the food upstairs." He saw a clever smile on the Alpha's lips meaning he also knows that this kind of a planned date.
Does he think about Why he didn't tell his brothers about his current position or call the police? Well ,yeah but they wouldn't be of much help since Dean has them under his thumb and if he did tell his brothers, the Alpha has all information on him. He can do anything to hurt his family, shaking his head he tries to remove gruesome images littering his mind.
And also about how are you liking story so far if you want some changes or anything.
Cas smiles when 'Whole Lotta Love' starts blaring up from the stereo, nothing can compare to the rock music. He sees Dean staring at him with an unknown smile, he asks "What?"
Cas touches the area, gliding his fingers through places Dean's nose nudged him, the feel of soft lips tracing his neck, warm breath evoking goosebumps in his body. When Cas turned his head to Dean for a few seconds he could've even counted the freckles and those warm big hands on his body was somehow comforting. He shakes his head feeling ridiculous for his newfound Stockholm syndrome.
He bats his brother's helping hand, scowling as he stands up. "What the hell?" He looks at the messy duo. Sam's hair is messed up the same as Gabriel's but the difference is Gabriel's pants are inside out.
But the show was going to be over, Dean didn't like everybody eyeing
So all the knifes and blades you saw in the series are swords in my fic...that's it. Enjoy
on our minds."
A petite boy walks up to them, and the officer curses "Johny this is not the time for your stories."
"There is never enough bees brother."
"And purgatory for the wallet?" Dean smirks and finishes the line his father has told him since he grew into his second gender. The man was the one who told him how omegas and beta females will always roam around him but he has to be careful and not let them get to him.
Dean puts his hand over Cas', picking up the slightly smaller hand, his lips hovered over the pale hand. Cas is passed out on the bed while Rowena checks him over. His heart clenches thinking that If he wouldn't have gone too far and entered the room without permission, Cas wouldn't have run away and this wouldn't have happened.
"And I you, more than pie...but not the apple pie." Dean says smiling playfully as Cas laughs, happy crinkles showing in his face. He nods "Yeah, I like apple pie too."
"You will know exactly what you will need to know."
As the omega looked around he felt so small, the place was even bigger than his own castle. Hallways that could fit 30 elephants, lit with chandeliers and candles, several paintings of Kings and Queens before Dean. "Henry...Winchester" Cas read the name on the bottom of an enlarged painting of a young man with dark hair holding some resemblance to Dean.
The Alpha snorted thinking about the secondhand embarrassment Cas is going to go tomorrow on remembering the things and activities he performed today, the show of his pink butthole will be Dean's favorite.
The Alpha was silent beside him for a while, Cas thought maybe he has extended his limit and was about to apologize when Sam sighed "Don't take Jo's harsh words to heart. From what I think she was gentle, some may have done worse considering our business and the fact...you are a beautiful omega"
Cas frowned but he couldn't ask much before Dean turned dragging him along, the omega tried to get hold of something to throw at Dean, and the other one holding his elder brother hostage. But Dean was too fast, his breath caught in his throat as he was brought in the throne room.
He grins when Cas bites his lips, looking down shyly. His hands on Dean's chest. Cas nods giving a bright toothy smile "Yes Dean, I will." Cas tiptoes a little and leans to kiss Dean. Their lips lock in a sweet a chaste kiss, one that spreads butterflies flying on both lovers tummys.
Dean looks at him intently as he replies "I told you, business."
His gaze turns away like a shot, not wanting to look at the man on top him. Dean takes a sharp intake of breath through his nose to calm himself, he is trying to take in the indiscipline Cas is showing him but he is not sure how long he can, if the omega does it again, it surely won't be good. He grabs Cas' soft shoulder again to bring attention to himself. he says in admiration "Is this what you call temper? How are you not from Kansas?"
"August 20 2011, Miami Florida," Sam said seizing his actions. He folds his hand on the table as Cas looks at him in shock.
I think it's inappropriate to mention my brother and very rude to knock on his door for sexual intercourse. But, I still dance, Todo goes between my legs. I feel sudden arousal burst through when it comes in contact with my winkle. Some other strippers take Todo from me as my eyes fix upon Dean who still has hungry look in his eyes.
The gate opens and Cas is in front of him, leaning on the door with a questioning look "Hello Dean." Dean can't help but look at Cas's face, it has gone pinkish and sweaty from scrubbing the makeup off and the uhhhh..performance. his hair in the usual mess and He is wearing a dark blue robe making a V on his upper body giving Dean a pie-worthy gaze.
"Suck it..." The Alpha orders softly, passing the cold ice cube past his chapped lips. The man's thumb caress his lips, his fingers lingered on Cas lips far too long for his liking. Cas can feel a tinge of whiskey on his tongue from the ice "You had a bad reaction to the sedative. I didn't know you had a heart problem."
*****************************************
interesting for Dean. He feels a possessiveness rise within him at the thought of Cas bonding with Zacharia.
"You know, not a lot of people have balls to mock me," Dean says sitting on the left side of Cas, he exhales closing the distance between them. Licking his lips Dean lets out a short puff of warm breath on the omega's neck, loving the sweet aroma coming off of Cas.
The archangel chews on the inside of his lips, he is again confused on why his heart is aching so much looking at Dean with that woman and child. It's like someone was scraping him with an angel blade or he would wrench out it guts.
"It's alright, he understands but....you could have done better."
"Don't know about the dress but I'm very much fond of the person wearing it." The omega flinched away at the gesture, was he getting hit on? Does Dean know about this?
Michael frowns but continues "Oh, I was saying. Don't you wish Gabriel was here?" His eyes downcast and lips turn in pout whilst Cas chuckles fondly.
Dean's voice was rough but the music fitted his tune perfectly. He whispered turning back towards the wall "Thank you" His Alpha kept singing lowly making Cas sigh in comfort. He snuggled back to his chest, his stomach was in flutters as he put his hand over Dean's, inter wining them.
"Benny, I would need you to get something for Cas from Boston."
When they get outside, Dean fake gags when he sees Sam and Gabe eating each other faces. Gabe just gives him a middle finger while Sam smugly eyes Dean hand around Cas' shoulder
When it will birth, it's gonna wreak havoc. Destroy everything." He kneels beside Cas, putting his arms on the angel's knee and gazing at the teary archangel "Now tell me Castiel, do you want to give up all you have done for saving this world just for a mistake procreated one night."
"Screw you, Assbutt." Cas glared at the Alpha, not turning away from the green orbs boring into him. There was some familiarity to the man but Cas just ticked it off as nothing. He was scared and making up these things to have some peace.
The omega pats the powder formed from Madonna lily's roots to his face lightly, lining around his eyes with a dark black pigment. He coated his pink chapped lips with an even darker pink colour taken from pomegranate seeds and flower. Looking up at the mirror, he again felt the feeling of helplessness.
He sniffles realizing what does Dean mean exactly, Dean wants him, to own him, to be his and only his. And he is gonna take it, consent or not.
They stay like that for some more time before Cas asks scared "Where is Claire?"
He looked over to see one male and one female with tanned skins getting comfortable in their seats. He hunched over himself, as he looked at them suspiciously. They were both Betas but still stronger than him "Hi, I like your dress."
"H-How do you k-know that?" Cas asks gaze saddening a bit...
Don't forget to share your thoughts and don't lie to me that you didn't want to just go "Awwwwww" when Dean called Cas 'angel'.
"He lives at the outskirts of town, there's a barn beside the cottage. You can find him there."
"Follow your heart."
"W-what?"
"Hey, honey. Finally ready for that date."
"I still don't get it, Cassie. We can just make stuff for the baby, why do you want to buy it?" Balthazar asks raising his eyebrows at the chubby girl who stares at them intensely.
Dean nods and goes towards Cas who is healed up while Gabe fushes over him. Dean has to own it up, how much of a douche Gabe is, the guys a good brother and it's a big deal coming from angels since all are assholes.
"So, why did you do all day Cas?" Dean asked in a carefree tone, his breath rubbing on the omega's neck. Eventhough Cas knew Dean wanted to know more about him, it was still every bit of surprising that the man even cared. Dean was a hunter, Alpha of Alphas, underworld's most wanted criminal. If he wanted something he can get it, but still the Alpha was letting Cas get familiar with everything.
(A/N: Haha, just kidding🤣🤣................ that was bad....sorry)
What does Dean eat? The face is like punching a brick. He cradles his hands to his chest, sniffing. When did he become such violent b*tch from the saint omega, probably when he met Dean that is literally the explanation.
He sees Cas fiddling with the stereo which is totally off-limits, even Sam is not allowed to touch his Baby. But he is not about to ruin the domestic mood created around them, somehow Cas is warming up to him and he is not about to put a dent in it.
Determined he stood up, glaring down at his Raphael "Then I won't let you."
***********************
She stepped back a little and smiled at him with her arms held out "Can I get a Cas hug, now?"
Cas eyes snap to Dean as he asks "Why are we at New York?" Sam has not given him much information just that they are going offshore.
The old man laughs lightly "I have to say Mr.Novak, you make good points. i should not have under-estimated you. I want to take you out as my apology?" The man asks him humbly but Cas just gives a tight smile "I hope I could have but I really need to get home early."
Alpha. It was just the basic need of having closure to an Alpha not
The omega scrambled towards his brother and Michael checking for breath as Gordon put his sword down backing away on Dean's nod. He pulled Michael's head to his lap as Gabe did with Lucifer, he winced at the pressure on his broken wrist. They needed to get them to a healer, check if the baby was alright.
The pants were bigger than him and he was practically flowing in the shirt. It was time to use 5-minute crafts, he rolled his pants and sleeves up, knotting the two ends of the shirt like a crop top opening a few buttons from above. He wore back the heels he came with and all in all he looked amazing.
***************************
Dean was still cold, harsh, aggressive making people follow him with his dominance and power but he was gentle with him, the green eyes soft when on
." Cas said smugly taking Sam's offered arm "Shall we?"
He closed his eyes, waiting for Gabe to begin. Gabe's wing align with his to sooth him, and the new archangel basks in the feeling of having his favorite older brother back with him.
Cas breathed in, letting his skin exposed to sun rays. Kids playing in the pool, Michael was beside him doing the same. Cas was in deep thinking, his mind still on the Alpha with forest green eyes, after the bizarre awkward meeting instead of going back to his friends he decided to go back to his room.
He shudders thinking of the headlines on the newspaper of people's who got lost in different countries never be found again, he yelps when the dogs bark. He stops for a while and leans on the wall, breathing heavily "I'm such an idot." He mutters lowly and goes other way. He turns around and starts running the other way.
*********************
Sam came to pick him up for breakfast, chuckling at his look but gave him the confidence he looked good. Halfway to the breakfast area, they caught up with Dean who smiled at him, pleased at Cas for wearing his clothes.
"Cassie?"
Cas shrugs nonchalantly humming to the music, not trying to fill up the silence with casual talk because that is something you do with your companion and Dean is far from it. He stares out the window as the vintage car is brought to life.
The distance between them is gone in past seconds, Cas's legs are curled to the side with Dean beside him side sitting with arms backing his body. He didn't even know when they came this close, Dean's lips are so close to his, his heartbeat rockets when the warm breath tickles his face creating a light blush. "I would like you to teach me how to be gentle. For you."
He was relieved when he saw Benny coming towards him with a smile. "Finally, you're up. Let's go Dean's been waiting on you at the table." The burly Alpha offered his arm, and Cas slid his walking with the man.
"D-dean..." Cas moans his name so beautifully that Dean starts leaking, wanting to fuck the omega right on the chair. He groans and starts jerking his hand up and down over cock. He slides between Cas's stretched-out legs, other hand gripping onto the seat behind Cas.
The glare intensified from Cas's side, how dare he? No one has ever talked to him in this filthy way, he was a noble omega. He tried to get his hands free and slap the Alpha but Dean was bulkier than him, kept his arms in place. He looked away breathing throw his nose, his teeth clicking.
"Don't test me, Cas." The Alpha warned, Gabriel and Sam had silenced on the sideline watching the couple like they were watching a drama, the golden-haired even got comfortable in the taller boy's arms and the taller one equally snuggled to Gabe.
Dean mouth is moving like a gaping fish, when Cas' hand palms his erection. "C-Cas" Dean growls when the angels fingers rub against his cock. He breaths heavily fanning it on Castiel's messy hair. "I-Its my dick."
Begrudgingly she nodded and Cas sighed in relief, if Claire came with him then he would not be able protect her and handle his overflowing belly at the same time. He strides towards the sliding doors of the barn and sneaks inside, there she was Amelia Novak tired, bruised laid on the rugged hospital bed with her hands tide.
Pursing his lips, he allows the Alpha to upright him. He blushes to yelp when Dean's hand is close to his rear, when he tries to get away the Alpha puts his hand around his waist "Don't worry, I will control myself."
Rachel, she was a Lieutenant of his garrison. She said in enthusiastic shock "Castiel, you're alive?"
He started towards the Kitchen where Mrs.Butters has vanished too. He liked the old lady, she was nice and sweet. She didn't treat him like royalty or with glares like some of the maids did, she treated him a human being which was a good.
"Don't worry about that just answer the question." Dean demanded to him smugly, one of his hands left the table taking a hold of Cas' flour covered hand. The omega followed the movement with his beautiful blue eyes, watching as Dean kissed his knuckles making the omega flush.
"Bubbjsgwmklkh..." Cas said around his food, falling on the soft cushioned pastel couch.
"I know you're not, I don't hear the flush. I'm not repeating myself Castiel."
Cas smiled and said playfully "Thanks for reminding me, I'm getting old Zach."
"Would you stop? Or you might fall again, you don't want another concussion now do you?" Dean asks running a soothing hand over his omega's red fabric-covered butt, oh the things he's gonna do with it.
Cas gasped rocking on his finger, Dean's dirty talking kept going as the omega's felt about to release imaging the Alpha taking him on the pool table downstairs, he choked a sob when he couldn't take the final leap on his own.
"Where's Dean?" He asked looking around, searching for the Alpha and trying to know anything about the destination.
Cas closed his eyes holding in his tears as he choked out "Dean...if I didn't marry him, there will be a war...please understand." He peered up at the Alpha his blue eyes shining, Dean lifted up his hand and brushed the tears from Cas's eyes.
"Nope. But is it necessary? God isn't going to help us." Dean grunted chewing on the sandwich. He was not a believer, everything was a lie. Sam prayed but at the end his brother was pulled back to the family business, Charlie prayed but God never came to help her, Benny prayed but he was also betrayed, Jo prayed but she also lost her father.
He hears double sighs coming from the other side of the phone, "Fine..." Michael trails off. Cas knows he has agreed reluctantly, he feels such relief knowing his siblings care for him so much.
"Silly Angel. Still trying to run away." He blushed when Dean nuzzled his cheek, smiling. Cas hunched on himself biting his lip and staring at his middle trying to ignore the heat of Dean's breath on his earlobe. His stomach clouded in something warm when the Alpha pecked his cheek "My sweet little Cas."
Dean grunts heavily, his breathing hard as he looks at the teary eyed angel. Cas is so freaking beautiful, his blue eyes shining with tears of pleasure, the redness of his cheeks, his chapped pink lips now red, drool and cum slipping out of them and his oversized trenchcoat slipping off his shoulders. "Baby you're...so beautiful." He growls and tries to pull Cas back on his feet.
"Just Cas is fine." He swallowed.
Cas walked towards his sister, one of his sisters. He stopped in front of her "They're gone."
"Brotha?" Benny calls him interrupting his fantasy, "What you looking at?"
The Alpha gave a short shake of his head with a chuckle. When they reached, Cas had to stop himself from laughing. Charlie was sitting on one of the chairs with her red hair all wild up even messier then his and she was chewing on Krunch Cookie Crunch.
He can do this, one swipe...maybe not one since the man is stronger than him, it will be probably take Cas all his might. There was sounds of metal clicking and thumping as Dean undressed, now the Alpha had mixed scent which announced his position as the King. He smelt like his pack. Like an Alpha.
Nodding they part and Cas wipes his cheeks with the sleeves of his trenchcoat. Before in a second he is grinning again puzzling the blonde angel at the mood changes "Let's go, Balthy."
Cas' feels his legs tremble from the flush coming from the sun, Dean's lips twitch in amusement "Maybe you should accept the adventure fate has decided for you."
Dean radiates his anger by increasing the speed. He feels so ashamed of himself, he has done so much to Cas but he never said sorry. No wonder Cas is maintaining distance, he would also. He laughs humorlessly, how idiotic of him to think something so pure will want to be with him.
It was a simple question but for Cas it was like an anvil was dropped on him. If he said yes, then it means he is coming to terms with the situation. If he said no, then it will be too mean and Cas can be anything but mean to such a nice old lady.
Cas shakes his head and regrets it when a wave nausea spurs through him, he speaks louder "But I've got a boyfriend, friends and family. I have a job to attend, I don't need a chance for love from
Cas shook his head looking down, "Just can't sleep." He replied, only sound he could here was his heartbeat and Dean's breath on the back of his neck. He looked up when a soft rumble vibrated from Dean's chest. He smiled as his Alpha started singing tune of an old song.
"We lost our dad that day, I thought..." Sam sighs as his eyes turn glassy, now Cas feels bad for reminding the boy of the nightmares but he needs to know the truth, "I thought, Dean was gone too but he was saved...by you."
Still? Does he know the Alpha but he has no memory of it? He frowned and bellowed "I get, we know each other. But I don't remember you" He lifted his sword to the Alpha's neck when the man came forward "Don't take another step." He gritted through his teeth.
Running a hand through his hair, Dean gets onboard. He is still overwhelmed by the show his omega has put in the shower. He can feel himself arousing whenever he thinks about that beautiful body, how hard it was to hold back and not give in to the desire for his angel.
"We have been invaded by the Winchesters, and the new King is here. For
"Let me go, now," Cas demanded, failing to get himself free from Dean. The Alpha raised his eyebrow and gave a side tick of lip shaking his head.
"I....um..Uh.." He stuttered trying to form words but there was this lump in his throat that wouldn't leave. He tried to swallow it but he can't, he didn't know if someone was tapping his phone. He tried to reason that
But if Dean extended his limit then the omega will have no problem leaving the Alpha...if he could. Huffing he dropped his chin over his crossed arms on the table, he needs a day off from all this family business drama.
Dean chuckled, shaking his head "Yeah, she's like my little sister. And I do apologize, she has always been protective towards the family."
"Heaven... I'm in heaven,
Cas recognizes the blond hair from the night, there's a burned scar on the woman's head. Her hair is tied in a neat ponytail, but what is more dreadful is he realizes from the scar and hair that this woman is no one else but Joanna Harvelle, the well-known assassin with unknowing kill counts but no proof to take her into custody.
Cas doesn't snarl because it is said good-naturedly but he tilts his head confused "Short-cake?" His tilt intensifies when the Beta laughs before holding out his hand for Cas to climb the stairs.
Cas stands infront of Dean to stop him while Sam stands infront of Gabe to do the same and also to protect him. "Dean...Gabe..is pregnant..."
His concentration is broken when Cas wiggles his ass desperately, and rubs Cas against Dean's cock making Dean hold a groan as blood flows down.
Cas squeezed his eyes sniffling, Dean might be taking him but the omega promises to take his revenge. When he opens them again, Gabriel is in front of him trying to hold back his tears as the shorter male comes forward embracing his brother. The omega whispers desperately "We will save you, Packo."
He raised an eyebrow challenging the Alpha to come down and find out on his own to which Dean just gave a quirk of the lip before whispering something to Benny and Jo keeping his eyes on Cas.
***************************
The woman doesn't step down, and speaks loudly intriguing other people "A child deserves to have a mother."
okay, so i wanted to ask you guys that what should Dean gift Cas, in series Castiel doesn't want much but that he serves for people's benefits and help everyone but it doesn't turn out the way he wants. So i am in dilemma so please give some suggestions in the comment section.
"I'm an archangel now."
Rowena says putting her manicure hand on Dean's shoulder, squeezing it.
Meanwhile, Cas' face is red with embarrassment, he tries to forget about the soothing warm hand on his rear. He blushes more, when he sees many of the workers also saw this act of Dean and are giggling, he puts his palm over his face to hide flushing when the soothing hand feels so very good. He punches Dean's back one more time feeling irked with the Alpha, which gets him another hard slap on the rear, making him mewl.
"I thought I would die too. My heart stopped when I saw, everyday I had this image in front of my eyes." Cas mouth is agape, his breath caught in his throat listening to his captor "Cas, you were the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. I looked for you everywhere, I waited for you for so long imagining that one day you would be in front of me and be mine, my omega."
Cas is utterly gone, he presses his lips to muffle the sound. When Dean slides between his thighs he doesn't even protest, arms flying over Dean's head. He opens his eyes to see everything in a blur, his eyes are moist and slick drips from his hole. Dean's lips are on his neck, mouthing at it.
Rowena sighed exasperatedly while the atmosphere around them darkened again with the fuming Alpha at the head of the table.
Alistair looks wide eyed at Dean in fear, he knows that Dean is not just gonna torture him, he will make an example out of him.
Cas grunted snapping his sword in the enemy's chest and pushing forward, "You okay?" He asked Gabriel, who has fallen when a soldier jumped at them from nowhere pushing him down. The younger one helped his brother up, their robes have gotten all ripped while running and they don't even have enough time to put on their armor.
The obvious dark frowns have vanished from his face, he looks so calm and at peace. Then his eyes flicker down to the muscular chest that just makes Cas drool, he jerks away from those thoughts registering the tattoos littering Dean's torso.
Cas leaned down when she gestured for him to come close, she whispered "But I know it, he just wants to keep you for himself." The omega blushed, speechless, Dean was very possessive over him but hearing it from someone else's mouth made him feel tingly and all funny.
"Are you lost, Kitten?"
"Tomorrow. I have called for a full assembly of the holy host. You will kneel before me and pledge legion to the flag. Alright?"
Dean pulls Cas back to him when he sees the angel walking towards the kid with a cheery expression. Cas collides with Dean's chest "Dean, I was going tell the kid we are okay. He's concerned for us."
. He quickly stood up when a knock came on his door before his brother in law entered wearing off white robes stretching around his round belly, he had a proud fond smile on his face when his grey eyes set upon his mate's baby brother. "Look at you... All grown up. Ready to leave our nest."
Sam was still shocked that his brother is actually letting Garth protect his mate "Really Garth? Are you sure about that?"
He ruffled the dog's head, and didn't notice Sam running up to him. He looked at the boy who was breathing heavily, the dog jumped from his lap waging his tail circling around Sam "Sorry, his name is Riot. He tends to be like this on seeing someone new."
Dean smiled at him, green eyes shining. Everyone has already left when they saw everything was under control, Cas didn't say anything just kept his head turned away from Dean.
"Me??" The red haired shrieked, her arms going up about to strangle Benny but Sam stopped her as she cursed "I was just sitting by the pool and was trying to say Hi, you dimwit."
"Care to elaborate?"
He rubs his fingers over his eyes to scurry out the soap in his eyes. He is so embarrassed that Dean knows about all his stuff and kinks, and
This got me many likes and good review, that made my loneliness decrease, made me feel good about myself like Yeah, I am doing good. When I saw Supernatural, I liked Destiel and started reading more fics on that but there always...wasn't enough. So I wrote my own and the pride from my first fictions was still there eating me. I craved for more...so that atlast I forgot why I started this. There was a time I hated someone for commenting about how I am luring people thinking how could they say that about me, but as that anger subsided I loved that person for being honest and giving me a mirror.
He stopped clutching the tissue when his heartbeat sped up turning others attention to him though nobody interrupted him which Cas was thankful for. Claire started "When dad was gone, she started..to search for him and left me at grandma's....for some while she sent me postcards of where she is.....and one day-"
anymore. He couldn't even remember that person's name just a pair of green eyes and freckles dusted around his nose.
Just because he took water from the man, does not mean he will also eat. "I'm not hungry." He said determined, but it drowned when his stomach protested making him stare at it betrayed.
The associates and manager at the shop shower him with dresses, trying to please him or more like please Dean that his omega is taken good care of. Cas never in his whole life thought, he would get a sugar daddy. When he is inside the changing room, an associate helping him with dresses. He looks out the curtain to see if anyone's at the door, he turns to the woman and asks politely "Mam, can you pass me your phone?"
Cas, Crowley, Claire and Gabe were now stood outside the building observing it. The messenger said "Do you guys also feel bad angelic vibes coming out of there?"
Lucifer laughed ruffling his hair before Gabe got up leaving his elder brother to rest, just as he was out of the room tears welled up in his eyes. He slides down the wall sobbing, muffling his crying by his palm.
"Dean Winchester, your days are ending. You will just end up like your father and after that it will be your brother, your uncle and anyone you ever loved. Even god can't save you." Abaddon growls like a pig, struggling in Benny's arms as everyone gives a hard stare.
But in the morning, he found himself again in Dean's embrace. The man's arm holding him protectively as his breath blew in Cas's ear. As silently as possible Cas slipped from Dean's arm and locked himself in the large bathroom. His brother was right the world is not what he thought.
"What Cas?" Dean says sharply looking at the dark locks infront of his nose, When did they get this close?
He hates himself, he saved the world for what cost...a child lost her family because of
Dean smirks, as Bobby turns red. He glares at him "And he stitched it back up, Idjit." Dean shrugged uncaring, Bobby gripped Dean from back of his head as he said worried "Kid, you know this is wrong. He doesn't
Gabriel snorts at the rejection "Ohh Burrrn."
Cas feels irritation bubble inside him when his boyfriend looks so detached as he says "Castiel, Don't get so worked up over it. Look I got something for you.." Cas raises his eyebrows when he sees the Beta digging his pants and taking out a card with Sicily scenery on it.
"Hello, Anna."
Dean smirks, he doesn't care that he didn't have his release because the power he feels looking at his omega now is far greater. Cas prepossessing like this, with his hands cuffed, clothes ruffled, flustered even the sulk only adds up to the heavenly beauty.
He gripped the railing for support, groaning. Somehow the pain subsided on it's own and he was walking again.
"Next time I am switching places with Sammy." Dean said cursing his baby brother who was researching while Dean and Cas are doing the work.
"Cas." Dean called out, his voice was low and deep, making the blue eyed omega shiver in delight unable to respond.
********************************************************
Cas chuckled looked down at the dance floor before he looked back at Dean again cupping the Alpha's cheek "You don't know me, Dean. I am a little rebel and I never go along with what I am told."  He took Dean's hand and put it over his erection, to let the Alpha know what his presence done to Cas.
"I know. Goodbye Gabriel."
Now the point of Cas's Angel blade was inches from Dean's neck but the Alpha wasn't even bugging a little. As he said, "Cas you said I was yours, and you are
"Let me go, you Too-Tall." He warned elbow and punched the man on any part available but the Alpha just held him around his armpits like a child, making Gabe angrier.
**********************
When the woman is finally out of the shop, the employee smiles at them "I'm sorry about that. I can give you a discount for the commotion."
So, what are your thoughts in this chapter? Who do you think it is? Charlie? Anna? Sister Jo? Who?
Cas nods and leaves, the last thing he hears is the deputy a screaming something before the station envelopes in big bright light. He is back on his room, panting. It wouldn't be long before he couldn't move anywhere. The little ones take all his grace to form flesh and bones, form a body to sustain a Nephilim grace.
"Some people, some matters." Cas repeated with raised eyebrows, "Your leader is going play hunter, isn't he?"
Cas's blue eyes fixated on the muscular Alpha, Dean didn't look like the type who speak his heart but the Alpha did to
"Don't worry lover boy. Cassie's with the guy, they are going to a 'party' towards the lakeside " Gabriel says. Dean storms out of the door, not caring if his brother or the archangel is following him.
"We did got some photos..... though its not clear." Sam says opening his Macbook, Charlie their tech engineer can hack in any device. Sam passes his laptop to Dean warning him to not break it in a fit of anger. Dean just rolls his eyes and looks at the picture, there are three people in it, he zooms in the photo of a guy whose wearing a mark on his arm, he looks closely its a 'Z'.
"Yeah, he should have" Sam replies unsure.
" Dean cursed, he was on his feet immediately, running out of the office with his gun held to the side. He has to resist himself from knocking his entire door down as he raced down the hallways towards his mate.
Castiel's jaw drops agpe as a dark blush covers his cheeks, he tries to search for a retort "You...You..." he comes up with nothing and huffs again making Dean hold his laugh. Cas looks away pouting towards the window, he can sniff the scent of the delighted Alpha making the omega in him pleased but human side pissed.
He can hear the concern and irritation in his brother's voice. The rambling is cut off and Cas catches shouting at another end like someone is trying to get the hold of the phone and income voice of the trickster.
"Are you sure?" His big brother asked tilting his head at him mockingly "You know better than anyone, Castiel. They are soldiers, they weren't built for freedom, they were build to follow."
Bile rose in his throat as the man came even closer, caging him between both of his arms, and said nastily "Oh so you're playing hard to get but, I know you are desperate for my cock."
jacuzzi. He even came across a wall filled with wines and drinks from around the world, he turned away quickly from that like he saw Hitler.
"I hope you enjoyed the ride, angel." Cas scrunched his face like he has chewed a sour lemon as Dean kept the giddy smirk in his face coming around him as he ran his hand on the mare's muzzle "This is Impala, I call her baby. She never let's anyone on her except me. Guess she also knew you were
He was having goosebumps feeling Dean's heat behind him, he gasped lightly when the mobster's hands came on top of his, "Charlie said you needed help with the pie and I'm kinda specialist for pies." Cas chuckled at Dean's light joking tone.
Cas archs his back, his cock throbbing, he pants and moans when he feels Dean's saliva covered fingers slip inside him one by one. "Dean....More." He can't help himself and moan, he has longed so much for this closeness. Now he finally have it. His hearts thumps on his chest as more redness come over his body. "Cas...you're so good." The roughness of Dean's voice makes him more hard, there's an underlying affection to it. Reserved only for him.
Cas doesn't make any move again, not trusting any of the people. He gasps when he hears click of the gun, Dean has thrown from his hand and the first time he actually held a gun. He hears Dean ordering someone.
"Bitch, I did"
Benny lowered his gun and slowly took steps towards Cas taking the omega's hand. "Let's get ya outta here, 'kay?" He said putting a coat on his shoulder as he led him out.
"You don't get to speak my father's name, you sick son of a bitch. And what family? My family does not involve in trafficking humans, hybrids or any such disgusting work."
His heartbeat rocketed, he felt bad for lying to his siblings. They were the only people he has and Lucifer too. And he felt so bad and guilty for worrying them, he breathed heavily putting the phone away for a second before he said "I have been offered a job here in Kansas and it's going to be a 1-year contract."
Still, he didn't want to tense his older brother more with these thoughts. Lucifer already has a lot on his shoulders with the oncoming wars conducted by other clans and a pregnant mate. Castiel's brother in law, Michael was also an omega but unlike Cas, he wasn't given a choice just sold off by his uncle Zacharia like a cattle.
Cas looks around the place as he steps down the royal staircase and it seems like it
Chewing his lips he brought it to his nose taking a big sniff. Shit, he remembered, limping out of the room, thrashing into Dean's arms, presenting to the Alpha, splashing him with water, and most important of all kissing Dean like there's no tomorrow.
He doesn't believe it but it felt good when someone said that, like his sins were cleansing somehow. Cas isn't sure if he is an angel but he doesn't care because if being angel only means being someone like Tamael or Raphael, then he is as good as he is with his newfound family and his little fledglings inside him. For now he is happy enjoying a butterscotch and chocolate parfait with the people he loves and cares for...
Looking into his brother's eyes, Cas said calmly "No, you don't understand. If I'm alone then I would have a lot more chance of getting away"
Cas jerked away surprised, he turned around to come face to face with the creep from before. He was trapped against the railings making him grit his teeth "Don't come close."
"Ouch." Cas rubbed his head, which was thundering like the worst hangover he ever had but according to his memory, he didn't have a lick of wine yesterday.
Right now, the boy was perched on the window watching the bees roaming around the little flower pots on his window sill. His blue eyes followed the bees buzz, he has just talked with his brother Lucifer who has told him about Balthazar's arrival today.
(A/N: I know how awful the description is but it's not my fault. I'm just not familiar with Mafia life. Sorry.)
Dean feels the wetness in his lips and tightness in his pants. He wipes his mouth and realizes he was drooling, suddenly he feels a sudden urge to growl and take Cas away from the attraction, his anger flares when he realizes the possible threat must also be gazing at the fire lit on the stage.
Cas tilted his head when the only look matched his cousin's face was confusion as she replied "I gave no such thing to the King. I know you think of me as the lowest right now, but I would never go this far."
So after Michael graduated, he ran away with Luci. After 2 yrs of living through harsh conditions, they were still with each other. The two little brothers helped as much as they can and finally their dad accepted, though it took a lot of criticizing from their mother Naomi for him to get back his senses.
Dean looks back at his falling omega and curses "Fuck."
Without wasting any time, Benny leads him to the black limo parked outside. Getting him inside the car the Alpha takes the wheels rushing out of the club lot.
"Did not believe I was serious?" The mobster shrugged "I was, Cas. I am"
Squinting his eyes at Raphael, he asks bitterly "And what flag is that?"
He was met with ultimate bitchface, as the younger one hissed "You could've just said no."
Changing the topic, Cas asks "What do you want?"
He snaps back to reality realizing what he was about to do, taking his hand back he sits upon the bed. Thinking how much of a fool he is that just two affable words can make him swoon for the Alpha.
"What?"
piece of furniture in the room."
Behind them is the mess of police station, nobody got hurt which is weird looking at the condition of place. They look over their shoulders at someone calling them
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh really?"
"No, I'm an angel, Gabriel."
Now, the smile on Dean's lips were bigger as he replied "Well, I'm not good with holy stuff but I'm sure Guardian angles aren't supposed to leave their humans."
The blue eyes looked up at the Alpha whose face was downcasted like it was painful for him to say that. "You all say that you know me but still keep me in chains like a
"N-no, Sir. I will find him, he couldn't have gone far."
Rubbing his eyes, he yawns again. He stretches his arms, the bones crackle he is soo tired. Right now, he only wants the soft pillow beneath his head with lots of chocolate icecream and spicy potato chips.
"Dean, boy. Is this how to treat family? Tie them up and torture them. Seems like Daddy Winchester was not a good teacher." Dean growls, and punches the man across his face. Making Alistair head snap to left, choking on his blood.
Finally, another chapter guys. I hope you liked it, don't forget to give your thoughts on it. 🥰😊
Though it's very fancy, the room is three times larger than a hotel room, small chandelier above his head, polished tiles, the room is decorated in dark green and maroon colors. Cas registers only the sheets are blue, matching his eye color.
Dean spares him one last glance before he is gestured towards the stairs. Cas wants to resist but he is down on his energy and is proving hard to move any of his muscles.
Cas realizes how close they are, the Alpha's breath is fanning his cheeks. Cas flushes from the heat of the moment. The man is beautiful, with a sharp jaw cascaded with shaved stubble, plump pink lips, freckles dusting his nasal bone, his eyes looking down at Castiel with something so...possessive? His thoughts are broken by the man's breathy rough voice.
The raven-haired man brought his sword up, he was not going without a fight. But it never came to it though, two overlarge figures stepped from behind the animal. One of them was too tall and other one was too muscular, Cas and Gabe's hackles raised when the air around them only told one thing, Alphas.
"That asshole" She hissed clutching onto the railing as Renny leaned on Cas's ear saying something that definitely the raven-haired didn't like. He was trying to move away but because of lack of space, he couldn't. Jo growled lowly about to go down and shove the man off herself but she didn't need to.
Cas was looking at his brother in melancholy, trying to understand. "Get out? Why woul-" he was interrupted again as Gabe said defeated.
Sorry if my English is not perfect, I'm not too.
Cover :
No, he stares wide-eyed at his phone with only 3% battery, he groans and starts walking while trying to call his brother. He sighs sadly when there are no bars. He gulps and tightens his robe around him to feel se heat as he strolls. He legs are feeling cold from the wind. He did not expect this to happen, the day are so shiny and nights so cold.
She looked down, swallowing the guilt as she said "I did what i had to, if I had stayed in Angeles then I would have been like you, like Gabriel, like...Lucifer caged in our own dream Heaven that Chuck wrote for us."
"Hi, Cassie. Are you ready for a session of diaper change and endless crying?"
He snapped his eyes at Gabriel who flinches back from the ferocity of glare "And you? How are you not dead and if your not then why didn't you help us?"
Cas watched a ray of emotions on Sam's face like he was looking through the moments again. He released his omega pheromones to calm the distressed Alpha, and it did work when the boy smiled at him thankfully before he started talking again "When I was studying I fell in love...with this beautiful Beta named Jessica... for a while, it seemed we were meant to be... I even thought of our baby's name."
What he didn't anticipate was Mrs.Butters was also allies with the trio, she said cheerfully "Oh No need to trouble Dean to come down, he has a lot on his head. Castiel why don't you take the your and his lunch to Dean's office. You can have your meal there."
Cas came out after a long time, he can understand the excitement. He can't wait to see his brother's reaction when he sees his Consort again after so long. He yelps when feels something wet in his winkle, he looks down and sees a small fawn looking him mischievously, Gabriel.
"Well that's kind of an advantage that comes with being a leader." Cas snorts because he has heard this, Sam the Alpha with puppy gaze has been trying to convince him that Dean's a good person. Well good people don't kidnap others.
"Ami?" Dean turned back his attention to this friend, who was staring at him amused "Has something caught your eye, l'homme?"
He was there with his siblings, celebrating his 20th birthday and his degree. He remembers standing at the water giggling with Gabriel who was splashing water on him. Michael on the beach with Lucifer recording him, as Mich tried to take the camera from him. He remembers the joyful moment vanishing in the horror. A dead body dropped right in front their eyes, blood flodding and eyes nothing but blank.
Two years later Dean Winchester was born, he learned using his first gun when he was 4 yrs old. The year he became a big brother and the year he lost his mother, Dean's father was never there for him or his little bother they were taken care of by his father's right hand man Bobby and his husband Crowley, both Betas but loved both brothers like their own child. When Dean turned 15 yrs old, he had his first kill, and his secondgender was known as an Alpha's Alpha. Imagine John's happiness when he knew his first son is an Alpha's Alpha, he was very proud and involved Dean more in his buisness. They had everything in their control, police, politicians. They were untouchables.
"Cas, you're not a prisoner." Dean said in a exhausted tone.
Dean takes steps towards the table and picks up the glass of whiskey offering it to him. "You should have a drink." Cas moves his head away, sneering at Dean.
Dean's arms tighten around Cas's waist as he settles him down. He nuzzles his mate's neck, sniffing the flowery scent. He has missed this, waiting so many months to catch a glimpse of his lover, even Sam has started calling him annoying and love-sick.
Suddenly, the woman changes into a serpent, and manages to escape Dean's hold. But before she can go further Sam smashes his big feet on her head. Green blood pools beneath his feet.
His heart leapt out of his chest when something jumped on top him out of nowhere making his glass fall. Yelping Cas looked down to only be licked on the side of face. He gasped happily staring at the joyful fluffball pawing at his lap barking happily "Puppy!!"
Cas this time just kept himself hunched on himself infront of Dean, pondering on what the Alpha has said. For his benefit? How was
"Dear father, what does this kid eat?"
Lucifer's voice chimed in "Yeah, I'm going for a meeting with some clients. I will come just the day before the wedding and I hope to find you there, young man."
"That's king's bride? He looks like an angel."
"Thanks." He says meekly but Dean hears him, the Alpha sits down at the chair beside the bed looking at Cas.
This time Gabe chooses to not say anything as he nods smiling "Yeah, yeah you are Cas."
"Everything's fine Luci, he is resting and the baby's okay too. No need to worry." Gabriel assured standing up and pushing his brother to bed slowly "Now, go to sleep. You need rest."
"Good things come to those who are patient, angel." Dean says smugly but Cas just glares at him as he says "If your looking for someone patient then maybe I should leave."
Michael hung up as Cas muttered to the phone "Oh you have no idea."
"I would see you at the dinner table." The gangster ordered, his eyes and demeanor living no chance of arguing as he left without a single glance.
"Jerk"
"It wasn't me who changed you, it was the maid." Dean says in a comforting manner like that makes everything so simple. Cas clinches his jaw hugging the blanket to his chest, though he is relaxed that the twisted man didn't lay his hands on him.
Dean brings his palm up in awareness, an appreciating and alert look in his eyes "Cas, put down the gun. It's not a toy, put it down or this will stop being funny."
He can almost picture his brother's frown through the phone, he heard whispering from the other line meaning that Gabe was probably telling Michael about his 'vacation'.
However, Rowena saw through his facade as she smirked with her perfect bow lips
deserved it so Cas doesn't have any regrets for that. But his eyes shot in terror when he heard the grinding of teeth and a low growl, as the man grips his shoulders roughly, pressing him to the bed more.
Huffing, Cas nods, all the fight leaving his body as he slumps on his seat. He crosses his arms over his chest, Dean stands up looking down at his future mate. He raises his hand and pets Cas's hair making the omega look up at him, Dean gives a genuine tock of lips  "Thank you for understanding. Your safety is everything to me Cas."
This got me many likes and good review, that made my loneliness decrease, made me feel good about myself like Yeah, I am doing good. When I saw Supernatural, I liked Destiel and started reading more fics on that but there always...wasn't enough. So I wrote my own and the pride from my first fictions was still there eating me. I craved for more...so that atlast I forgot why I started this. There was a time I hated someone for commenting about how I am luring people thinking how could they say that about me, but as that anger subsided I loved that person for being honest and giving me a mirror.
Cas tilted his head up and for some reason waved his hand childishly before snapping it back to his lap embarrassed. He glared when he saw Dean chuckling but it didn't look malicious so he guess it's alright. The blond raised his hand holding the whiskey towards the twins asking a silent question about where he found them to which he only shrugged.
Alistair, his dad used to trust him. He was their right hand man but when he stole from his family the first time instead of killing him, his dad let the bastard go. Big mistake!!!
Dean looks at Cas's innocent look, it's hard to say no but he doesn't want to get beat up by a woman so he has to. He circles his arm around Cas shoulder taking him towards the counter.
******************
. Imagine my tongue doing that to you, again and
The Alpha was shocked that Cas still recognized him, but he pushed those thoughts away not getting his hopes up. He sighed getting off Cas and gave the meds to the omega, who obediently took it from his Alpha.
Eileen signed at him, Cas took a deep breath in and out as the doors opened for him. Who he saw sitting on one of the chairs made his chest tighten uncomfortably, red hair, small face, same smile.
meaning the other person is someone he knows, the possibility of being kidnapped for ransom is fading.
"You have so much blind faith, cousin. It makes me pity you." Cas felt his heart break on Anna's words, he looked at her with utter confusion. 'Blind faith' he had blind faith, Chuck was great king and father, he knew his father.
The owner goes to the stage and shouts "Gentlemen and pretty ladies, today we have something special for you. I personally like to call it Angel with the serpent."
(See the end of the chapter for
***************************************************
Dean squeezes Cas's knee to reassure him "I'm not." When his omega keeps his head down, not looking at him. Dean lifts his face up gently making the omega look at him "Cas, you need to understand that Jo and the rest of the hunters are dangerous people. They know that nobody is allowed to threaten or even lay a single finger on you without your or my consent, ever. But that does not mean you can provoke them or fight with them."
The guy licked his lips and stuttered "I used to work for a faith healer and..he was the real deal. Fixed my eyes..."
"Ohh la la. Look who got extra hot today."
Nodding, the older brother gestured towards the seat "I gotta a mission for you, Sam."
He doesn't look at Dean, staring at the pillow at his left. He heard Dean's snarl as the man breathed heavily on his neck, Cas felt goosebumps rise, as Dean hisses at him "If you hit me again.."
"We..can..still...make..it..better..Dean.." Cas says before he jumps from his place, Dean tries to catch him terrified but Cas is a free bird, no golden cage can satisfy his will, he swifts and opens his arms letting the rain pour from them, creating a new life.
Dean crunches his already broken glasses more on his hand, his knuckles popping. He hated it when his sister was holding Cas, the way she manhandled his omega. Nobody is allowed to touch Cas except Benny or Sam. He has made the instructions clear and when Jo hauled his omega in her arms something twisted in his stomach, seeing his omega so terrified and crying.
His jaw clinched, as his eyes started bleeding black, Bobby who was infront of him took few steps back, knowing not to tame the beast. He sighed "You know, the thing you did with Braeden's is gonna cost."
But few days ago, I decided to post a little about the fic on social media and it was weird for me when there was so much I can't say hate...but close it and someone commented "Are you just trying to lure them in for reviews?" And for the first time I stopped and thought over realising how right she was. How I forgot that i started writing because I liked it, I was going through a tough time with my parents and brother fighting, my uncle's death, my sister's health and needed to get my mind off from... hurting myself. So, I was reading Sterek fanfics for a time and then I wanted to write something because I was not satisfied and those ones which satisfied my "greed", the writers of those stories just stopped posting.
La fontaine était plus proche :  The fountain was closer
He bit his lip to not laugh when the man again got the constipated look on his face, seems like the Hunters don't pray easily. He can't wait to let them meet Michael, wait where did that come from? None of his family is ever meeting with these mobsters,
Riot was chewing on her shoe straps, directing her attention to him. Picking the puppy in her arms, she pecked him on the head "How did you get here? Sam never lets you out alone."
"Now, you. Why are you crying over someone like Dean Wimester?"
"Well, All done." Dean declares getting up after putting his leg back on the bed, covering him with the comforter. Cas can feel a blush rise on his cheeks at the gesture and ducks down to hide it.
Looking back at Dean, he sees the man seating Indian-style on the hood gobbling his burger like he hasn't eaten for months. But Cas is not at all sickened, he has lived with his siblings and Gabriel used to eat food in the weirdest way possible, one time he started moaning like some pornstar in front of their relatives while eating.
"Thanks," he says, voice raspy from crying when Crowley passes a handkerchief to him. "What are you doing here?"
He stops when a warm hand covers over his, not letting him scratch himself. Dean asks looking deep in his eyes "Tell me you understand that."
Bobby looks at him unimpressed, if the boy thinks he is soft like Crowley. Then he ain't fellas, he isn't gonna falling for their childish antics. He shakes his head and hisses "Dean, my boy how did you let him get to the gun? He could have
Cas blushes embarrassed and said "No, I don't think so. He was intoxicated, it was the night before we talked to Raphael."
After today if he somehow rescues himself he is never gonna drink
Gabe was the first one to step in, putting his hand on Cas's shoulder "It's time to leave Castiel, sooner other angels will be here."
it." He growled the last part looking around the room.
He opened his mouth, before closing it he wanted to apologize for what happened between them but he wasn't sure if it would be appreciated. He turned towards Dean who was staring at him with passionate eyes, elbow on the table, and head on his palm.
Cas bites his lip to not moan when Dean lays sweet pecks on the hand he was holding. Some bruises have started forming from Dean's tight hold, Cas blushes when Dean licks on his wrist to soothe the pain. Suddenly, he remembers that this man is his captor. He pulls back his hand from Dean harder this time and scrambles to his side, hugging his knees to his chest to not let Dean see the blush, but he actually gives Dean a very good view of his milky legs picking out from the cut. Dean licks his lips, smirking at the omega and says "I think you should put on your seatbelt though nobody will stop me. I don't want you to get hurt."
Cas shuddered listening to the traumatizing memory, but instead of saying words of sympathy he asked "Did you get him?" If he can agree on one thing with Dean, it would be that both men hate getting pitied because no sorry can bring what's lost.
Cas pants heavily as he releases his load over his hand and legs, waist with a scream pushing his on the pilloe. His pale face is now all red from the activities, his lips turned rosy red. Swallowing he looks up through lidded eyes, eventhough he doesn't have power in him he knows he has to get up to clean himself. With a sigh, he limps towards bathroom to clean and changes the sheets. He puts the toys back on the box, locking it but instead of the closet, he keeps it in the suitcase. He slips on a nightgown and lays on the bed dreaming about a green-eyed monster, but somehow its not scary and he's not terrified.
"Well, isn't he too well mannered for Dean?" Ellen grumbled smiling secretly as the Alpha snarled. Sam hid his smile behind his napkin, while Jody just drank her water because what was said was actually true. Castiel was too innocent for Dean.
"So, What are you doing? Clubs, Strippers,... Orgies. I'm telling, you have to get at least 2 dicks inside you."
The blooming feeling inside him, that something's happening with
"Course... Take care Cas." It was not a well wish but a warning Benny gave him for whoever was in the room. Lights were shining and there were two stripper poles set with dancers grinding on them performing for the suited men and women sitting on two far walls. As Cas sidestepped he caught Dean's eyes in a second like the man already knew he was here.
will, we are not allowed to question his decisions."
Dean confirmed "Heaven?" "With Michael in the cage, I'm sure it's mess up there." The human looks away and grunts roughly "So God gave you a new shiny set of wings and you're his bitch again." Cas looks at Dean hurt by the cruel words but refuses to show it. "Your angry" "That's an understatement."
Cas tightens his jaw, his eyes burn. He has heard this before, Dean has told him this before. But the hunter has also said that Cas is like his brother and he can't forget that. He raps his hand on Dean's wrist "No, it's not. Dean, I know you care for me, and trust me I am grateful for that. But it's not what I want. And if I remember you were one of the horny men sitting there."
She gets cut off by one of the employees who glares at her "Mam, I'm going to have to ask you to leave."
"I just wanted to call you down, Dinner's ready I would like it if you joined us."
The warm shower somehow helped him calm his nerves, this whole thing had been like a roller coaster to him. Going up and down, taking abrupt turns. He feels conflicted on what to feel or what not to feel.
The girl nodded in understanding and asked "So he's genderfluid?" Everything was confusing to her, her 'kind' of dad was preggo and for some reason she wasn't weirded out by that.
But the most precious thing catching his eye was the enlarged library on the second floor, it was enormous with infinite selves covered with books. That was the moment he felt sympathized with Belle's decision for staying with Beast, even
He dabbed his brother-in-law's head wound with his robe, "Wake up. Please wake up..." he begged as tears spilled from his eyes falling on Michael's forehead. He prayed to the higher deity for his family's distress. He felt hatred towards Dean when he saw the Alpha getting himself comfortable on his brother's throne, and the man also knew it because he just grinned at him sharply not at all fazed.
He chuckled at his silliness and took the pill, moving to the bathroom. While he scrubbed the soap on his body, his mind lingered on Dean. He wanted to dug a hole and die in it, whenever he thought about how he had displayed his body to the Alpha but instead of taking advantage, Dean tended to him kindly.
His husband looks at him surprised, Cas fidgets and tries to fly so he can show his lover. But its futile when he register his left side if robe has grown black from the scars if fire. He hears a shaking thunder but Cas knows that's not it, in reality Dean is sobbing.
Cas screams flailing on Dean's shoulder "Heyy, you...you...Assbutt, put me down." he hits Dean on his back when Dean mocks his cursing skills. The wind is flapping his skirt sending shivers on his skin while Dean is getting tired of all kicking and scrambling he is doing, he slaps Castiel's ass making him squeal astounded, turning bright red when he feels induced by the action.
But Enjoy and one more thing, the art is not mine, the editing is mine. The artist is from Deviant Art, name is 'kalun52' and the arts are great.
Before it can get further, his savior Rowena was there, she gripped both boy and girl's ears with each hand making them wince and Cas slightly confused and giggly.
Balthazar blinks and quickly raps his arm around Castiel, "Hey, Hey. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that okay? Not quite okay since that was true"
After cleaning up, he was on his way towards the kitchen. Nowadays, Sam was busy Cas only knows that he's on a 'case' and he has been assigned Benny as an escort. Dean thinks that until all the Hunters get familiar with Cas's presence, someone should stay with him when the Alpha is not present.
Cas giggled watching the couple who started bickering with their eyes.
Lucifer sighed and laid back groaning his chest was covered with bandages same with his head. He held onto Gabriel's hand as he said "Send a letter to the Winchester clan. As soon as I am up, I going to meet them."
Cas sighs and looks at his brother wide-eyed "You can pray before bedtime Mickey. Let's go now." He grasps his brother's arm pulling him to the door. He rolls his eyes when his brother still keeps praying while Cas drags him.
"Or else...I won't shower." Cas says triumphantly, feeling proud at finally having something to say. Dean laughs as he says "Don't worry kitten, I don't mind if you shower or not. I won't care if you dipped yourself in cow dung, you will still smell like honey to me."
Sam swiftly opens the door, and their noses are clocked with the smell of dead bodies and blood. They enter and the sight is gut-wrenching, several dead bodies are on the ground. Dean makes a quick check and some of them are alive but they could die any minute from loss of blood.
This is not an update, if you want to skip it you can but I would suggest you read through it.
He scratches that option from his list. Castiel rests his hands on his hips, running his hand through his wet messy hair and goes through his memory. Something clicks in his mind. He remembers one time, how him and Gabe came late from a party and they had to get in their apartment but the warden was someone bitchy Beta who probably didn't enjoy her school life and locked them out.
Cas hook his arm with Michaels looking around at the beautiful gardens and fountains. Cas in awe at the hotel's luxury, his brother and boyfriend really go all out for his birthday. Suddenly, he feels a prickly cool sensation on his spine like somebody's watching him.
But his attention zeroes on two people sitting around a table, there's a man dressed in all back even in this heat and a red-haired petite woman wearing a blue gown sitting across at the table, both of them sipping tea elegantly. But he is terrified of the aura roaming around them.
Cas scoffs at the man and shouts "It wasn't fate, it was
And I seem to find the...... happiness I seek,
He pushed his hands in his pockets as he turned back "I expect a refund and five percent interest." Dean cut the man's protest saying more loudly "Refund and ten percent interest. Until the month end" Dean gestured towards his brother who nodded and in a moment Benny and Cole, were behind the man.
"Come on, Cas." He looked at the hand Dean offered to help him get down. Cas ignored the hand getting down on his own, but his dress caught with stirrup. He yelped ready to get his face planted on the rocks and dirt but the blonde Alpha caught him around his shoulder and waist.
"Well your sensing correct, but my apologies if I sound rube but I am sure we are not here for the topic of second genders." Cas knows he shouldn't talk to an Alpha or the man who he has to condict business with like this but it pisses him off when people talk about his second gender during business meetings. They are here to do a job not drinking beer like old friends. He continues "And about why you
Cas stares out of the window, the sky is grey like the day of Apocalypse waiting to pour down destructions. He has just came back from shopping and on the way he saw a pregnant woman being helped by husband, his heart ached for that.
"So when were you going to tell me that you were abducting my cousin? "
Dean shook his head "Not now, we will discuss it after you get information."
The omega wasn't sure what did he anticipate while entering the town, but it surely wasn't the happy people bowing to him or looking at him in awe. There were rumors that Winchesters were like Hunters, only doing something for their selfish needs but watching the smiling faces of immigrants just told him different.
provoke me. I can't be gentle. I'm not used to tolerating disobedience."
The Irish Alpha stepped back when a dangerous growl came from beside them, Dean stood behind Cas, holding the black-haired male around the waist.
Cas blinks awake, his head hurts so much, like someone is banging it with a hammer. He sits up grasping the fact he is still in the hands of his captor. He flinches back when he finds a figure sitting to his left.
She engulfed him in a tight embrace, strangling all the air out of the black-haired omega who was wishing that Sam was here to help him. He liked hugs but right now if she didn't let him go then he might die from oxygen depravation. Cas sighed in relief when she finally broke away, every single person here is trying to suffocate his lungs.
***************************************
He replied back before asking
Just then a shout broke out and he recognized it as Benny and Jo's. He stood up, taking his sword as Sam collected his own named 'The Demon Sword'. He and his brother scuttled towards the barn with some more guards behind them.
Cas doesn't register the word clearly, his legs shake as he blinks trying to stable himself. But his head spins making him dizzy. His knees buckle as his legs finally give out, Dean catches him bewildered by the turn of events.
Benny nodded and touched Cas's head which was warming up, it concerned him. He barked at the workers "Giv' him som' 'pace, you idiots. And bring food for him to Lord's tent."
"D-Dean I-I would like to do something for you." Cas says shyly looking down. Dean raises his eyebrow "What?"
With a deep protective snarl, Cas pushes the guy off Claire "Don't you dare touch my kid." He knows his eyes are blazing blue in fury and his power. The officer flinches back, hand on his gun.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas feels like timer for death is clicked when the man glares at him, green eyes blazing in unbidden anger. The man jerks away, Cas leans forward, the dryness in his throat has gone now. He shouts "Where am I? Who the fuck are you? Why am I here?"
He signed with his hand smiling
Jo lets out a shaky breath, her hands behind her back standing straight "Dean he provoked me. He said that-"
Cas's heart dropped to his stomach, as he sighed. Why was he mad or jealous of Dean ignoring him? He didn't want anything to do with the man but the fascination was growing on him.
He turned around just as he heard the click of door closing, his eyes widened when he saw Dean locking the door before slipping inside. Cas bit his lip hunching on himself "W-what are you d-doing?" He stuttered backing up as Dean looked up.
nether regions because of the Alpha's arousal.
"Hmm," Cas looked up at him through his eyelashes, blue eyes pure and lips shining with his saliva. Fuck, the picture of Cas like this has Dean want to rut up on something, to get some relief with his cock "I'm bored and dirty."
They look around the dimly lit area, few customers on some booths, drinking bear or eating food. Cas passed Claire to Crowley so he can ask the woman on the counter but was stopped by the demon "Oh satan no, you're not going to talk. I will handle this."
Here they were standing in front of grave of Amelia Novak, a loving mother, wife and woman. It was a beautiful grave decorated with flowers, the marble reflected 4 people.
. Cas guessed she was an omega from her scent, she beamed at him pushing him towards where his death lies "I thought you would be shorter."
His thoughts are halted when the car's back door opens and there's a woman, Beta sitting at the back looking at him with utter hate making the omega back away.
infront of them and how can she just belittle him for his second gender, Cas has gained his position in the headsails director not by some whimp, he has worked for it. How many omega's can do that, huh?
He can see horses running in the Alpha's mind, regarding his question "Somewhere safe?" Cas stares at Sam with a dumbfounded look,
Cas rolled his eyes and retorted "Okay." It didn't take much time for the photo to come upon his screen, he couldn't help but laugh Benny was posing on the picture with his lips curled inward, teeth popping out and eyes rolled upwards.
Cas shakes his head, sitting up, he glares at the green eyed man in front of him "What is wrong with you? I am not some object. You can't just kidnap me and think that I am yours." Cas clinches his hands in fist, his scent turning sour as he pouts huffing.
When Cas opened his eyes again, he thought everything was a dream maybe he had too much to drink. But obviously he was wrong when he sees the Alpha in front of him. The man is crouching looking at Cas with a worry making Cas utterly confused, the Alpha holds an ice cube to his lips.
He picked up the dress set aside by Michael for this day. With a heavy heart he breathed out touching the light blue robes, blue was his colour. Many complimented him on how he blends with it so beautifully, many but none of them ever acknowledged how much philosophy he had, how much knowledge he acquired. Maybe Balthazar would, maybe...
Dean looks at Cas while sipping his whiskey. He didn't get one ounce of sleep all night, Cas' health has been bothering him. Although the doctor has reassured him that the sedative must be out his system till now but he is not reassured. Rowena has advised to get an x-ray after Cas wakes up, and Dean can't agree more.
"I know."
Cas rolled his eyes exasperatedly taking a huge gulp of champagne while his brother and husband laughed. Cas glared at his boyfriend who apologized quickly. "Sorry, sorry.....I mean my beautiful omega CASTIEL. Happy 25th birthday love."
omega. He pulled away from Cas's hand, cupped him around his jaw gently to make his omega look at him.
The omega was burning with embarrassment. Yesterday night was something he wants to forget but it seems like Dean is to happy to remind him again.
Dean takes hold of both of Cas's legs circling them around his waist as he slides inside Cas slowly. Cas gasps when he feels pain, he grips on the sheet as the flies onto Dean's back, scratching it. "Deeeean" Cas can't stop the moan as he looks at the man on top of him with closed eyelids eyes.
He chewed on the inside of his cheek as the food was brought in, he was sitting on that empty chair from before. There was an obvious tension over the table and he wanted to vanish as soon as possible.
Castiel's dress:
was the reason behind that.
She says taking her hand back, putting her arms on the hands of the chair and crossing her legs like a businesswoman.
"We will be on the road again in a few hours. Lord Dean wanted to check if you have woken up."
out."
The girl laughs, and holds out her hand "My name's Jesse."
. He groans, hits his head on the wall before wailing in pain and rubbing over the throbbing area.
The man in question stood up from the bench and strolled towards them with casual steps, holding the ice cream cone. Cas stopped a few feet away from them, wiped his fingertip over the cream on his bottom lip before sucking it with a noise that went straight to Dean's dick "Are you talking about me?"
His older brother bellowed "Okay, we have reached home, I'm going to call you later. Be safe, don't forget to lock your doors or check the windows. There can be various kinds of bad people around you."
Cas feels fear build in him as he looks at the top of the Volcanic mountain. He climbs up feeling dreaded, he bites his lips when he is on the top. He looks down at and sees no lava, he tilts his head and slides down, the smell ashy and the wind warm.
daughter."
Then Dean points upwards beyond the tree line, Cas looks up to see another breathtaking view of stars aligned on the night sky. Cas breaths out, feeling blood rush in his ears and cheeks, tears forming beneath his eyes. He bites his lips, thinking of ways to hate Dean but it's getting harder and harder.
He asks tilting his head up at the man, who looks over at him with a suspicious eyebrow. Cas looks back with a pleading kitten look, urging the man to talk.
The Alpha grins and waves with his pie-covered hand, Cas gasps and shies away from the window not seeing a slight hurt in Dean's eyes. He strolls back towards the closet, to get ready for bed. He feels angry at himself, how could he have forgotten that he is not a guest here and he is a victim of a wicked tragedy.
He wheezes laughing like there's a comedy show going on. "Ha-ha I know I shouldn't...laugh because this must be an...emotional moment for you but...are you serious?" Dean ignores the man, as he signals the guards to hurry out the door.
Dean rumbled from within his chest "You're so ravishing, Cas. Come for me,
Cas retorts back with a scoff "It's not like I
The Alpha cuts her off with a dark growl "Joanna Beth if you don't put him down this instant...."
Cas grinned as he asked with an appraising look "You really idolize your brother, huh?"
"Do you want lunch?" Zach asks him pulling back, Cas can see he is out of breath. Cas looks at his brother who is motioning with his hands to go for the break up. Cas shakes his head and asks "Yeah, sure."
They cuddled each other for a few seconds before Lucifer pulled back and looked at Gabriel eyes wide as he asked "Where is Michael? Is he okay? Is o-"
Dean's Wardrobe:
He arched his eyebrow when the Beta stood up turning to the crowd.
"Mm-hmm, you're lying. And trust me Cassie you're not the most deceptive one." Gabriel said it so straight away that it made Cas gape at the phone in disbelief.
The doors to the castle was open and Cas saw many figurines standing at the gate but the most astonishing thing was when he smelled an omega, a pregnant one at that. "That's Samandriel, Benny's mate." Dean informed him as they came to a stop.
Cas asked standing behind the bar in an alley still in bumblebee slippers and Claire attached to his hip. She sniffed, and nodded "Yeah, her diary said Tulsa, Oklahoma. Some guy named Ronnie.... Cartwright."
Sam bellows swinging his head up and down. He bends one of his knee to bow before the nature and his brother's husband. The nature, Castiel gasps and hugs Sam again more tighter, he thought Sam was gone last season because of the killing earth temperature, he was a forest god. But it seems like at last minute he has saved himself by changing into an animal.
Gabriel shook his head snarling "Protecting from what? His destiny? His Lover? His Al-"
His boyfriend kneels a little, so his face is infront of Cas. Cas doesn't take a second as he leaps and hugs the man around his cheek, the skin is warm and it's not the usual good kind of warmth that he is familiar with. "Dean...Sam...is...here...with...Gabe..."
"Touch yourself." It was an order that Cas was happy to oblige as he dragged his hands across his chest imagining them as Dean's rough hands. "Good, take them to your nipples and circle them."
? Maybe you were the one doting on Dean all along and now he has me, you feel threatened that Dean will never be yours?"
Gabe cuts him off with a slight shake of his head, holding back his sobs "I-I don't know. One moment I was coming here for you and...and the next thing I know guards are running everywhere. Raphael told me to find you and get out as soon as possible."
He sighed and undressed, getting under the shower to get his thoughts back up. He grasped on the fact how little he knew about the Alpha's love affair in the past.
"I'm hungry." He says pushing out his lips in a moue, Dean looks down at Cas's hand and then back at the shorter man. Nobody has ever done this, they would've probably had their hands ripped off before even coming two arm distance. His eyes shot in mirth, annoying Cas more who pulls his hand back, folding them behind his back not looking at Dean, he plays with the green grass beneath their feet sullenly.
was the reason not because he was starting to feel something.....
The Beta's lip form into a harsh sneer directed at Castiel and he couldn't help but cower under the disdain look. With help of Sam, he climbs inside of a luxurious crossover SUV. He smiles back at the tall Alpha who gives him reassuring smile back.
Cas blinks at the amount of food, being placed on the table. He snorts and says "You boss must be trying to fatten me up." Sam shrugs and says.
He blinks he thinks he just now saw it, he looks back at the attendant who is a redhead folding the sheets. She looks back at him biting her lips seductively, Dean smirks cockily back at her and turns back to his brother and uncle. He opens Word pad and writes:
But Dean doesn't even look up from his phone a second, they thrive from shop to shop but he ignores Cas. Cas was happy at the beginning but he is getting frustrated as the time goes by. He sees Benny's and other bodyguard's hands overloading with bags.
Cas's stomach invoked in flutters as he grinned at Dean for holding his part of the deal.
"But you have to know he deserved it." Cas looks back at Alpha in confusion, his head tilted. "He had been hurting kids, cheating and stealing from his own family. We don't forgive it." Dean looks towards Cas whose eyes have fallen down again, he can see how his uncovered chest is affecting Cas. He leans forward his elbows on his knees "Cas, you need to know, He killed himself with what he'd been doing."
"You know he hates you for what you did, right?" Anna concluded as Dean's heart squeezed in sadness.
Cas shakes his head, thinking that maybe he should stop drinking for his own benefit.
Lucifer gawks his eyes wide "How- it's not possible." Then he straightens up as he warns "If I can't kill you, then I'm gonna send you away." With a snap of fingers, Cas land on a field with a grunt and the sharp edge of a broken metal butchering his heart. He doesn't feel anything but he's half percent sure Jimmy's gone. He prays for the soul without the man he would've never come this far but right this moment a fight is going to begin.
Taking Sam's offered hand he stood up from where he was laid on a rag under the tree for shade. With a teasing smile Cas slipped his hand in both Benny and Sam's crook of arm who both shook their heads with a tired smile. There was no stopping Dean's free willed omega.
Cas breathed in and out the air, looking down the airline runway. He can feel Dean's body heat behind him, it was surprisingly pleasant. Snapping on black Persol glasses over his eyes, Cas stepped down the stairs gripping the railing.
The guy exhales panting "I don't know her." Gabe punches the guy in face for a good memory push, "I met Amelia, but she was the last one."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas can't help but feel a little-
" Cas ignored his brother's interruption.
"Good morning Mr. Winchester. We will take our leave, sir."
Link:
Cas gawked at the now-closed door, who does he think is?
"Rowena, Crowley." Sam nodded towards the duo, who greets him back before their eyes shot to Castiel who has the deep urge turn around and run back to his room. But when he tries to do just that, Sam takes a hold of his shoulders, smiling unapologetically and drops him on one of the chairs.
Cas looked away, trying to cover himself with his hands when he felt Dean's heated gaze on him. He looked back at the man and saw the lustful look in his eyes as his green eyes peered him up and down. A sudden burst of reliance burned within Cas.
Cas continued his assault on ice-cream, the muscle darting in and out of his mouth, lashing around the chocolate smearing on those lush rosy lips. He wiped the cream off his lips with his middle finger, then brought it to his lips, sucking on it.
But then the music changed to something erotic and people started coming close to each other. Jo watched them for a while before coming to terms with that something was horribly wrong. Cas was just standing there, but she can figure out his hunched shoulders, uneased expression, and a familiar face behind him as the omega tried to get away, it was none other than Renny Rawlings.
When he is healed he stands up and asks "Cas are you, God?" Cas smiles and replies "That's a nice compliment but... no. Though I believe he brought me back. New and improved." He turns back going towards Bobby's body, Dean follows him.
"Cas, I need your help."
The Alpha watches him for a moment before starts talking again "My name's Dean Winchester. My brother's Sam, our parents are gone but we have our surrogate parents Bobby and Crowley, My friends are Benny, Charlie, Jo and some more, you can meet them later. And I do...business."
"Your boyfriend doesn't deserve you. He had been cheating on you for months Cas. He's a stupid son of a bitch and don't worry about for your friends and family, I've informed them about you. And you can work from here, my people will accompany you. I will do
He kept walking through the jungle of snow covered trees. He can feel the weight of snow tiring him as he shakes it and starts walking again. He stops and looks at cave, he huffs happily at finally finding the place.
Dean feels smug when he sees Cas's reaction "Get started angel." He growls possessively.
Both turned to him at the same like they had some weird twin communication. They looked like guilt-ridden puppies, must have learned from Sam. Alicia mumbled with a grimace "Sorry for all the teasing, we were just having a little fun before introducing ourselves."
was an oddball for walking so silently nobody could catch him and getting in people's space. What about this dimwit who just enters anywhere without a single knock?
His head snaps towards Benny on driver's seat, beside Sam. The burly Alpha speaks "We will be at the airport in few minutes." He looks towards Cas through the rear-view mirror with a smirk "Dean will be there, he has few calls and arrangements to make."
"You're still so beautiful, Cas."
"Sam shut your boyfriend or I'm gonna send him to Lucifer's cage," Dean growls as he glares at the duo behind him. Sam sighs and puts his large paw around Gab's mouth.
The omega blushed when Dean put his palm over his mid-back, his skin getting warm from the heat radiating off Dean's hand.
He screamed when the hold around him tightened painfully as the man smirked "Really? I don't see a mark and I'm sure he can't take care of you better than me, you need someone like me who can knot your little hole like an Alpha. Mark you so good." Reaching forward the man grabbed his ass.
Cas was at some villa looking around for the angel who can help him, he needs to find out about his grace. Since the moment with Raphael his anxiety has grown up. He teleports to second floor stairs, and winces clutching his stomach when it squeezes unpleasantly.
Dean sighs, accepting the hostile treatment from Cas. He sits across from him, deciding to talk about this problem more when they are in the air he buckles his belt for the take-off.
"You know its destroyed, Cas." Dean rolled his eyes at the sulking omega, he knew what happened to the four wheeled thing and his brother and friends are idiots to think that he doesn't. He has a good sense of smell and the place reeked of their scent. And did they forget he is The Head Alpha.
She nodded at him making the omega feel happy that finally he has someone who doesn't know him from before.
"You don't get it. This wouldn't be happening if I wasn't being a dick to him." He grunts out, running a hand over his face.
"Are you trying to start a business with our little brother's baby?" Gabe asks dumbfounded.
Cas sighed and opened his eyes looking at the bright scenery through his sunglasses. "Here" He took the champagne glass from his brother, plastering a smile. After taking a big gulf, he let the burning sensation prickle like fire in his throat, dim the hurt in his heart. He didn't like champagne much, he was a beer kind of person, cheap, raw but still amazing. But for now anything was fine.
Cas practically sprints inside the station as soon as Gabe is finished. Looking around for Claire, his protective instincts are high right now. He sees several officers looking at him confused and shocked but his eyes focuses on the slimy officer caging
fondness when the mobster removes his handcuffs checking for any injuries asking if his knuckles still hurt and apparently arousal has become great medicine. The other seatbelt wrapped over him from when he tried to get away is also removed.
"Okay,
"Oh my God. Stop killing me with your cuteness" They laugh more when the woman makes a butchering sign at her heart.
The Alpha tangled their legs together and the omega has no problem with that as he closed his eyes. Dean's warm body was like a drug to him and he wanted to get drunk in it more and more. He registered when the man pecked his bare shoulder murmuring softly "Good night, kitten."
Cas looks at the man in disbelief. He blinks his eyes and mumble at the Alpha "You've gotta be kidding me???" The man looks taken aback by his words well good for him after all the Easter eggs he's been giving Cas from the moment he stepped foot in Sicily,
He kisses down from Cas nipple, beholds on to Castiel body as he kisses down the middle to the navel making the angel arch his back and groan. Dean's mouth hovers on Cas's cock covered by Jean's. He quickly does the job of removing it. He is surprised to find the panty still on. He looks at Cas who notes his lip and says "We had a vampire to catch remember?"
The 'please' seemed to have done the work as the Alpha nodded.
He looked up at Dean who was eyeing him with heated eyes. "Alpha, Take me.." He let out a chocked moan, his eyes was falling shut so he didn't register the thunderstruck look in Dean's face as the mob boss tried to process everything.
He cursed himself for scaring Cas, who flinches and was looking at him with a terrified look. Grabbing another soft towel Dean ran the cloth over the omega's body before dropping him back to bed.
Cas sighed smiling and ran his hands on both of the young Winchester's heads to heal any wounds. Before they vanish, back to the field where Lucifer threw Cas before.
*************************************************************************************
The omega sat on the bed dejected, still thinking about how his Alpha yelled at him. He didn't like the man angry so he has to do something to please his Alpha. Then a brilliant idea popped into his mind.
"I'm not sure, it might take some time. I guess after my cousin's wedding is over, my vacation would also be done." Maybe, if Dean even let him go.
"I am still waiting for that kiss,
There's a tattoo of a five-pointed star in a ring fire just under his collarbone. His eyes flicker to the number...date? tattooed under it. November 2, 1983. His fingers move on their own, wanting to touch the graving. Cas is sure there's a deep meaning of the date.
Eventhough he did broke up with Zach, he is not happy. They have been together for so long, Cas cared so much for the Beta but it seems like it was not returned. He sobs, as more tears rain. He feels his phone vibrate and looks down.
Cas looked at the demon and hissed, hiding Claire behind him who stuck her tongue out mockingly at the king. Gabe chastised "I'm bored. Can we just go already?"
Closing his eyes, the new archangel cringes before replying "It actually is a Winchester. Two to be exact."
"Just that my brother is probably going to kill you when he finds out about this."
"W-well I'm not a lot of p-people" Cas looks away and bites his lips to not make a sound when his body tenses on having Dean so close, the man sniffs the area below his ear, he thrashes his hands trying to wiggle them out of the cuffs. Goosebumps stand on his body, he bites his lip to hold the moan when Dean's lips follow down the curve of his neck making Cas arch desperately, his stomach heats when teeth graze on his neck.
"I'm starving." He doesn't hide his smile that came over his face when Dean looks like he has done something very devastating by not offering him food as the bloke runs to the backseat of the Impala. The omega never thought that someone like Dean, the menacing mafia boss of the Hunters could be so...so...adorable.
"ll est"
The whole mountain was covered in a thick layer of snow, the cold wind harsh like razor daring anyone to step out of their house. Not a bird or animal was in sight but there was one moose walking through the blankets of snow. His hooves digging through it.
Dean is caught ogling again at his boyfriend. It's not his fault that Cas looks ao adorable in his clothes. The oversized T-shirt shows all the bites around Cas neck. Dean wraps his arm around his angel's waist as Cas snuggles into Dean's chest their legs tangled under sheets.
They look at each other eyes dilated. "I-I remember what d-d-dick is now." Dean laughs at the words comes out the angel's mouth.
He pulls back and takes his shirt off as Cas does the same with his. Cas locks his forefinger to the chain on Dean's neck pulling him in for another. He never gets tired of the kisses, their lips move together and tongues dancing.
"You rebled. Against God, Heaven, and me. Now you will atone. We'll start by freeing Lucifer and Michael from their cage. Then we'll get back our show on the road."
"Shut the
But it seemed like it didn't work on Dean who replied with his face a little apart from Cas and a heated gaze "I hope you whine like this too when I bed you, my omega." There it was again the arrogance of the Alpha.
But he knew, Cas wouldn't let him leave, so he grabbed the Neko again and took him towards the bathroom. He seated Cas on the toilet seat while running a cold bath.
"Well, it's just that I'm not coming back for a while."
Cas sits up, keeping his gaze down at the floor. He presses his lips in a thin line, trying to reason with himself. He fairly misses the comforting heat from Dean's body but does not show it, he looks at his barely covered lap in fright gasping for breath, his lips shaking in terror when he hears Dean's voice "I-I'm sorry Cas."
"Stay away from me or else he will never be here." Dean reluctantly steps away from Cas. He watches from a distance as Cas steps up to the bar ordering a drink, lot of people recognize him and try to talk. Dean feels smug when his angel turns down all offers. But then a guy steps up and Dean can 'feel' that the guy's a vampire. His look speaks 'I am a blood-sucking douchebag'.
There was a conspiracy of silence settled around them as Benny brought the car to a halt just beside the jetliner. Cas gulps being aware of the words he has said in a breath. Jo was looking at him gobsmacked before she let out a harsh growl and pounced on him like a wild animal, Cas screamed trying to get away from the woman. He can hear Sam and Benny's voice trying to calm the Beta, he cries out when Jo's nail digs on his bare back as the woman hoists him out of the car.
Cas looks away trying to keep awkward tears at bay, Dean huffs softly going for his skirt which makes him stiffen and hold his breath looking anywhere but at the Alpha. He is literally burning head to toe when Dean's hands come around his underthings getting the mobster more amused.
Cas blinks, thinking through "You never look like you're joking."
Cas tugs at his wrist,  "Let go, Let go. Dean let me go." He cries out to the Alpha who stops suddenly, and looks back at Cas, his eyes shining emerald in the sunshine. He looks at him in annoyance, well its
Cas stumbled flushing adorably as Dean glared at his cock-blocking brother "If you hate third-wheeling so much, then find a beauty for yourself, Sammy. Don't ruin my fun."
"Superpowers duhh." Gabe sasses. Dean curses the guy, he wishes he could stab him but he doesn't want to see his brother moping around and also because they kind of need the archangel.
Falling to his knees he opened the paper more all the while holding onto his breath, it was the map of Angeles Castle, every hallway, every dungeon, every secret door was marked on it. "H-how?" He scrambled to check on other scrolls which terrified him more.
he thinks looking at the heavy eye makeup before he nods at her smiling tightly, not hiding how uncomfortable these people are making him.
