“I’m sorry. About tonight,” Steve said with a grimace.  “I wanted it to be fun, a night out for you.  Someone like you, you should be…out there.  Having a good time.”
He should've gotten a plant. Or flowers. Flowers would've been right. Flowers were things that Omegas did, right? Made arrangements that meant things. Red for love. Yellow for friendship. White for sympathy.
Tony’s thought cut off, his whole mind going blessedly, remarkably blank as Steve brought his mouth down to Tony’s.  This kiss, this wasn’t anything like Tony’s awkward attempts, his uncoordinated, careful maybe of a kiss.  This was hard and bruising and
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve said around a smirk that said he wasn’t even remotely sorry.  “That’s very nice of you to offer,” Steve continued, biting his lip while his shoulders shook.
“I’ll bet,” Ms. Romanov said.  “I got a rather disgruntled call from Mr. Hammer last night.  He claimed you left him high and dry at the gala last night.  That is a problem, Steve.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied, his mouth set into a grim line.  He’d gotten his ass kicked by enough Betas who didn’t like the idea that someone like him was born an Alpha to at least begin to understand the mentality, even if he couldn’t see how anyone could aim that at Tony.
“Sorry, love, didn’t hear them,” Ty said smoothly.  “This is Dan and Preston,” he added, nodding his head towards the two men who had followed him in.  “I was telling them about you. They wanted to meet you.”
“You sure everything is okay, Steve?” Natasha asked.  Her voice was quiet, more pointed, and Steve had to resist the urge to rub his hand against his cheek.  He was fairly sure they couldn’t see anything, not in the dark, and not now, when there was nothing really to see, but somehow, he thought Natasha might know, or at least have an inkling that things had not gone as smoothly as Steve was letting on.
“Me neither. Apparently,” Tony muttered glibly, with a flash of a smirk that would’ve brought a flush to Steve’s skin if he wasn’t already red from the heat of the water.  “Turn around,” Tony ordered, twirling the cloth a bit in his hand by way of demonstration.  Steve turned to face the showerhead, ducking his head to let the water sluice over his face and down his chest, then tipping his head back and looking up at the bright circle of light on the ceiling until it could see it behind his eyelids when he closed them.
And then Steve did know what to do.  Or, what he wanted to do.  He wasn’t sure which one it was anymore.  He leaned down and kissed Tony.  Kissed him the way he’d wanted to, all those years ago when Tony had looked up at him from a New York street, wonderfully, beautifully alive.  He kissed Tony the way he’d dreamt of when he watched the Malibu house explode on television, with fear and relief and blinding certainty that this was everything that mattered. He kissed him the way he wanted to at Clint’s farm, when he was angry and scared and wondering if he’d missed all his chances at anything that wasn’t a fight.  He kissed him how he’d wanted to that day in Berlin, filled with regret and pain and self-loathing because he had screwed everything up, and he’d failed Bucky and Tony both. Everything he’d wanted to say, everything he’d felt all these years, it all poured out of him.  Tony tasted like heat and metal and salt, and it was everything Steve had ever wanted.
“Hello!  Mr. Stark! Welcome!” a man in a black polo shirt emblazoned with the Romotive Group logo on the front said as he walked towards them from where he waited at the building’s entrance.  “Carl Estes, Vice President of Development.  Wow, we are so thrilled to have you here—honored, really. I’m a huge fan, as you can imagine, being in the industry and all.  I couldn’t believe it when your assistant called.  Told my secretary someone was pulling our leg!  But, here you are!  Wow.  Tony Stark.  The Tony Stark!”
He stared, stunned, mouth agape, at the scene in front of his eyes. It was difficult to comprehend so much strangeness at once.  Being here instead of in his bed.  This place, in the maw of the mountain where it seemed impossible that it should be. That
“Welcome to SHIELD, Mr. Stark.  Mrs. Stark.  Anthony, good to see you again,” Agent Coulson said, shaking Tony’s parents’ hands.  “Captain Rogers’ is waiting for you in conference room B.  If you’ll follow me?” he asked.  There wasn’t really anything to do but follow, since running was probably an exercise in futility considering the guards, fence and massive lack of any actual plan for life.
“Promise I’ll behave, Mom,” Tony assured her though found it came out far more serious than the words themselves.
“He had a degree in Engineering, you know?” Steve told him.  “Actually worked for the Water & Sewers Department out in California for a bit.”
“I’m so, so sorry! That--that was rude. God…sorry. Sorry,” the man mumbled again, then moved past Tony into the hall. “Bucky! Buck!” the man shouted. “Dammit, Bucky, get out here, you ass!”
“I’m fine.  Really.  So, all that running through your head, you can just…just forget it, okay?  Get your ass in here, Rogers,” Tony ordered gruffly, tapping at the space next to him.
“Your fleet is spread too thin to trail merchants up and down the coast,” Steve said, swallowing thickly around the words while his stomach seized up.  This wasn’t strategy or war. This was anger.  On his behalf.  It had been so long, he almost didn’t recognize it, the feeling that someone else shared the horror at an experience.
“I get it, Tony.  Love you, too,” Steve said, cutting him off.  “You’re all, I don’t know, all sweet and…and grumpy in the morning, you know that?  I like it.”
The suppressants were a kindness, in their own, strange way.  More kindness than he’d thought he would get from his Alpha, that was for sure.  Something that did nothing for Steve, except perhaps relieve a guilty conscience, but helped Tony immensely.  Not being at the mercy of his body was a freedom he’d never dared to so much as consider, yet here it was, nestled by the unopened twinpack of Axe-O Dark Temptations body spray his mom had sent with him, which promised to ‘Drive Alphas Wild.’  In the first place, in what world was that ever a good plan?  In the second place, God, who the fuck wanted to do it while smelling like chocolate, amber and red peppercorn?  Amber wasn’t a scent, for fuck’s sake, it was fossilized resin.
Please do note that I've added additional tags.  Some things in this chapter may be troubling for people, so I wanted to make you aware.
“Bet you were a handful,” Steve said with a grin.  Steve gave a small nod in the direction of a couple of teens snapped their photo as they walked by.  Tony wondered how quickly it would be making the rounds on social media.  Pepper would be proud.  He let out a sigh, then smiled and waved half-heartedly, making the teen jump up and down in their excited attempt to wave back.
“Definitely,” Tony acknowledged, grinning back. Safe territory, then. He could do this. He could do this and have his coffee and not ask about why Steve kept all that stuff or why Steve wrote letters to him instead of someone else or what the holy fuck he had been right about.
“I don’t know if I can fully explain it.  If anyone truly can. Even the elders at the pleasure houses guard their secrets so closely that you wonder if they truly know anything.  But…sometimes, it builds up inside you, this pressure,” Tony continued, his gaze going steady and inward. Steve wondered what he saw in his minds-eye, what memory had captured him, but didn’t ask.  He wasn’t even sure which of them Tony was talking about. “It’s all screaming in your head, demanding release, pulling you apart, but the only outlet you know is violence. This is…it’s another way.  Pleasure and pain, when done right, it isn’t violence. It’s—it’s beautiful. Wondrous. That kind of submission. That kind of giving, that
“Ah, right,” Steve said, a blush staining his cheeks.  “Well, anyway, Army helps with some college now, though, so that’s good.”
Steve sank into the water, floating, letting the waves lift him.  He looked up at the sun.  Blinded for a moment, he blinked and closed his eyes.  Bright circles danced behind his eyelids.  I cannot see, he thought for a wild moment, then righted himself and blinked, rubbing a hand across his eyes while he waited for his vision to clear.  When it did, all that was in front of him was the sea.
“I could teach you to swim,” Steve offered quickly.  “This probably isn’t the best—I mean, the pool would be better for that, but—“
“I said, you can’t be in here!  Hit the security button, for Christ’s sake, this is an operating room,” someone called out.  “Coulson, what the hell is the meaning of this?”
“So sorry to interrupt this important debate—actually, no, I’m not, and, also, Barnes, you cried when we watched John Wick and had me tell Nat it was because of the spices in the salsa, you are not the least bit a Stratham.  Steve is Ford. Anyway, point being, and I’m repeating myself here, I know, but WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?” Tony demanded.  “Cap?  Seriously?  These two were talking about St--”
Steve preened a bit under the praise, feeling himself relax even more. He felt as if he could sink into the carpeted floor and be swallowed by the sand beneath, the way Lord Murdock warned the dry sands could sometimes open up and take unwary travelers to their depths.
else, and you’d have had it handled.  You don’t mess around when you want something done, and patience, let’s face it, has never been your strong suit, but this?  This, you let sit there.  Because it’s him.  Steve.  God, Rogers was the only one who ever…because he fucked you over, and you’re still half letting him, for some stupid-ass reason that you won’t admit to, but probably sounds a lot like your dick of a father’s voice in your head.”
“Simple.  But…not.  Not really.  I like it,” Steve said.  “I’ll take good care of it, I promise.  Won’t lose it or anything.”  He was looking down at the ring, but made no move to put it on.  Instead, Tony watched him look off to the side, brow furrowing, mouth downturned like he was trying to hold back a frown.
“It’s going to be fine,” Tony assured him, reaching out and squeezing Steve’s hand, then dropping it like it burned. What the hell was he doing? There was no need to play it up right now. Just get out of here, into the limo and back to the hotel.
“No comment,” Tony said with a grim smile.  “Steve, can we please just,” he nodded towards the waiting elevator car.  “Please. Steve.
Steve scrubbed a hand over his face, then rubbed the heel of it against his forehead.   He could feel his chest tightening, straining with the need to cough.  He had to fight the urge to suck in great gulps of air.  Instead, he tried to breathe in through his nose in short, shallow breaths, counting out carefully as he had been taught, until the panicked feeling left him and he was able to do more than wheeze.  He finally reached for the waterbag and took a few quick sips.  It was nearly empty, which gave him as good a reason as any to get up.  It was quiet, but not silent.  He could hear the sounds of their horses and the larger group that camped behind them, distant glows from their fires seeming to float in the dark of the forest.
“Thank you for such incredible gifts,” Tony said, his voice unwavering. “I am sure they will be welcomed additions, though we are without a harem Master at the moment to see to them. I hope to remedy that situation soon, and would appreciate your counsel, of course.”
, if he did, like some kind of accomplishment---it all swirled inside Steve’s head, pleasure, yes, but the freedom to let himself go and enjoy it, too. He felt light. Floaty, even, like he was still weightlessly buoyed in the pool’s water.
“There was the one with you and that actor we had emcee the last Expo back in—what—‘93?” Ms. Potts said, letting her head rest against the curve of the back of the sofa.
“It’s not just about the arm! There’s the VA appeal…that can still happen.  We’ve got your appointment tomorrow, remember?” Steve reminded him, turning to face him, adrenaline coursing through his veins.  He needed Bucky to stop thinking like that.  That this wasn’t going to get better. That there wasn’t a way out.  He wasn’t even sure if that’s what Bucky was thinking anymore, or if it was just him, or which one of those scenarios was worse.  “Tony’s coming with us, by the way,” Steve rushed on.  “If that’s okay? He thinks it’ll look weird to the press if I’m there with you and he isn’t, but I think he really just wants to try to help.  He does that. Wants to help.  He really does.  So much of this…hell, that’s what
, his mind urged, throbbing with an almost overwhelming insistence. Which, he couldn’t do, of course. Not with Ross and the entirety of the global security forces on the hunt for him.  Steve sighed and tossed his keys down on the counter by the sink, then pulled a bottle of beer out of what the landlord, spitting a wad of something onto the gravel by the door, had told him was a cooling box in such a thick Irish accent, Steve had barely been able to decipher the garbled words as English, and sat down on the narrow bed that was shoved against the far wall and acted as the room’s sole piece of furniture.  The laptop was stashed in a hollowed space between two water pipes that served the small toilet on the other side of the wall, behind what had quickly become a loose concrete block just under the bedframe.  He didn’t reach for it right away, just sat and sipped his beer, staring at the yellowed window above the kitchen sink where the towel that served as a curtain was pulled back at one corner just enough for Steve to see anyone who might be bold enough or stupid enough to try the front door. He nudged his boot at the floor and clasped the bottle between his hands in his lap, then glanced over at the newspaper spread out on the end of the bed.
“I’m sorry.  I know. I didn’t mean it like…” Steve trailed off, dropping his hands from Tony’s arms.  “You don’t want this, Tony. You’re just…you’re…hurting and you’re…I don’t know, trying to forget or—or trying to be someone you’re not, I don’t know, but this isn’t right.  This isn’t you. I—I can’t.”
“Hey,” Tony replied, striving for nonchalance and probably missing by a mile. He cleared his throat and sat down behind the desk, flatting one palm on top and holding out the other hand in the direction of one of the chairs directly opposite for Steve to use.
“This Alpha who lets you roam around all by your lonesome?  Try selling me something else, how about?” Stone said with a low, conspiratorial laugh, like they were sharing something.  Tony felt a rush of warm breath against his neck as the man leaned down and sniffed, closing his eyes dreamily and licking his parted lips.  “Don’t smell Alpha on you.  Just smells…nice,” Stone said with a small smile.  “Very nice.”
“Ah, I think it will just open now,” Steve suggested. “You…um…you want to try it with the, uh, the glove…thing…off?”  As it turned out, Tony did, very much, thank you.  Steve had the best suggestions, really.  The gauntlet retracted, peeling the layers of metal away so his hand was free.  He pulled down the small door in the wall, and peered inside for a moment before reaching his hand through, grasping, searching, and then finally closing around warm, solid skin.  He felt his hand clench tightly around Steve’s, nails digging in for a moment, before he was able to release enough to thread his fingers through Steve’s, wrapping their hands together in an overlay of skin on skin, and that…that…that was everything perfect in the world, written in skin and bone and blood and nicks and cuts and marks etched into their palms, and the itchy, dizzy, nausea thing died down to something else, something that thrummed inside him,  sending stars dancing behind his eyes.  He blinked and placed his other hand braced on the wall for support.
He was tall, all red and gold, like something straight from one of those battered Amazing Stories Steve’s mom would bring home sometimes when a patient left it behind.    He was standing in the middle of the conference room, between Steve and Fury, both hands up, palms thrust out, each of which was emitting a strange, blue glow.  He’s protecting me, Steve realized, the thought careening through his head with a hazy sort of pleasant buzz.
“Sorry we were gone so long,” Steve said to Jarvis.  “The evening went in something of an unexpected direction.  We didn’t mean to keep you, Mr. Jarvis.”
“Well, I guess…I guess he’s probably been closest to Captain America.  They kind of had something of a rocky start,” Stark told him behind his hand, as if sharing a secret.
“I’m not saying a word,” Steve laughed, shaking his head and holding his hands out in front of him in a placating gesture.
Tony wandered over to the wall of neatly folded jeans and pulled a couple of pairs in his size out of one of the bins.  Even though he didn’t need anything, picking out his own clothes was a bit of a novel experience.  A dark blue long-sleeved shirt almost made the cut, but then he remembered his mom’s admonition about blue, and put it back on the rack, pulling out a black Pink Floyd t-shirt off the bottom of a stack instead.
It was the same, never-ending circle of thoughts in his mind as it had been all these past weeks.  What he wanted, Tony would not give him, not yet.  Maybe not ever. And even if he did, Rhodes was right about what the consequences of freedom would be here.  Steve would be no one, own nothing.  A man with a common name and not an ounce of noble blood.  Certainly not someone fit to be in the company of the King. As his concubine, all of that was overlooked, and his presence in Tony’s life accepted by Court and commoners alike.  No matter which way Steve’s mind turned, it always came back to the same choice.  This life or one without Tony.
Steve loved this part, if he was being honest with himself, even if it wasn’t something he usually got to enjoy.  Brock wasn’t exactly big on cuddling, which Steve understood.  Probably most people weren’t, especially after sex when you were, to Brock’s point, kind of a mess.  But, well.  Steve did enjoy it the few times he was able to indulge.  It just felt so intimate, even more than the sex sometimes, because, well, sex was pleasure and heat and all of that and this--there wasn’t really a point to it, he got that.  It just felt nice. Made his head go soft and hazy, and usually, he slept better. Plus, it sort of seemed to signal he’d done something right, even if he knew that wasn’t what it was about, but he couldn’t help but take it as a bit of a rejection whenever Brock wasn’t in the mood.
Steve would be warm and soft, but solid, which didn’t make sense, but it felt true.  Tony could curl up against his side, lay his head on Steve’s lap, and feel Steve’s fingers lace through his hair, and it would feel so good.  So very good.  Tony had looked at Steve’s open hand, splayed out on the plaid sofa cushion, and wondered what would happen if he slid his own over Steve’s palm.
“Had a girl in Poughkeepsie I shoulda chased,” the elderly man mused.  “Dorothy was’r name.  Great legs.”
Tony just stared unwaveringly at him.  “Obie, for the service you have done my family, I am not having your ass hauled out either in handcuffs or on a stretcher.  Get out.  And never come back.  Ever, Obie.  We’re done.  We are so very, very done.”
“Good.  I made a vase,” Steve said, pointing over at one of the shelves where a line of Not Bowls stood, with the new addition of a fiery red vase with small dewdrops of gold sliding down the side.
“You found him.  Then six months later, you Bond him to me,” Tony ground out.  His voice was loud, too.  Like the chip bag.  Maybe everything was loud here.  Because they were all too damn quiet here.  Too damn quiet about a lot of things.  He hadn’t realized how angry he was until now, but it was as if seeing Fury was the force that moved all that rubble off of that particular box, letting it spring open and gush out, all at once.
Mrs. Habersmith’s Rules for Courting, he thought it was.  Or something like that, anyway. It was one of the before memories, all jumbled and distant.  He wondered if they still had that in print.  Everything was so confusing now, and the Internet was a vast web of contradictory advice.  Simple, straightforward rules to follow. That’s what he needed.  He was doing this all backwards, true, but that seemed sometimes to be the course of his life. It didn’t mean it wasn’t worth doing, and worth doing right.  Tony deserved that much, at the very least. Court him properly.
“I told you, I looked into all that.  There is nothing, zero, nada, that links this judge guy to SI back when all that went down.  He didn’t join the sub’s Board until after he retired from the bench, and that’s the first contact he has with SI.  If I couldn’t find it, it isn’t there, I’m telling you,” Tony assured her.
“Natasha is going to be part of the team,” Steve told him.  “And I met the Strike Team leader today.  Rumlow.  Seems like a good guy.  You’ll like him.”
,” Bruce said, glaring at the prone figure with a crisp, white sheet pulled up to his chest, “screwing around with your brain and your memories is all kinds of dangerous.  I know, I know, I’m not one to talk about experimenting on yourself, fine, but,” he stopped and rubbed at his temples.  “We shut it off like that,” he said, snapping his fingers, “and maybe we don’t get him back.  Or we don’t get all of him back.  The thing with this tech, it’s—it’s giving him what he wants to see.  What he wants to experience.  Pulling him out of that, the brain fights back, you know? And between that and whatever that nanovirus did to the tech, I—I think that’s a last resort, to tell you the truth.  Which is where you come in,” Bruce said, holding up a hand to stave off Steve’s protest.  “I know you don’t like it, but what?  We gonna send me in there?  BARF shows me something the other guy doesn’t like and how’s that going to end for everyone? Exactly.”
“I would’ve gotten away with it if it weren’t for those meddling Feds,” Tony replied.  “Though, your willingness to take the fall for my Weird Al oeuvre still warms my heart.”
There was a gnawing, sour feeling in his stomach, like he was hungry, but if he ate anything, he was fairly sure he’d just see it again.  Something acrid sat on his tongue.  Bitter.  Like the time he bit his lip when he fell out of the tree, a combination of disappointment with himself and pain that took the air from his lungs.  He wiped a hand over his mouth, a flash of memory, the way the world looked from the top of the branches before.  Before.
“I—yes.  Yes, I did. I’m surprised you heard about that,” Dr. Barker swooned.  Well, he didn’t swoon, but close, Tony amended.
“That’s not…Okay, that’s not at all what was going on. Like, at all.  I never—shoot him down?  Why the hell would I—I didn’t—“ Tony sputtered.  He hadn’t.  Had he?  There as a sickening pit opening up in his stomach, and he was fairly damn sure it was filled with realization.
“Once,” Tony replied.  “A long time ago. You hear stories...or I did, when I was a foolish young man who longed for adventure.”
“Speaking of, where is my dear Yoko, anyway?” Tony asked, craning his neck to glance through the glass doors into the apparently empty penthouse.
“Exactly.  I need you to review that and sign it. Be sure to initial the liquidated damages portion,” she told him in a clipped, efficient tone, like she was ordering from a menu.  “That will be the part where it says how much we will collect from you if you violate your NDA. I see from your service record that you had a classified clearance, which means you know how to keep your mouth shut.”
“Looks like the whole package is industrial sized,” the man said with a lascivious smirk, continuing to rub up and down Steve’s cock.  Steve was this close to bolting when the limo stopped and moments later, the door popped open.  Air.  Breath.  Good God, Steve thought, sucking in a lungful.  He’d been on the verge of a panic attack over a little groping.  How was he supposed to get through the night?  He knew what he’d signed up for, after all.  He wasn’t an idiot.  She’d asked very specific questions about what he was ok with and what he wasn’t.  He’d blushed down to his toes, but answered them all.  So, this was no surprise. He knew he could expect much more later.  Later.  Later, when this guy was doing a lot more than putting his hand on Steve’s dick through his suit.  And Steve had said yes to this.  Eagerly.  Best not to forget that.  He’d signed up for this, whatever it was.
Somehow, her asking him that had snapped him out of his fugue, and he’d thanked her, said no, shoved the check back in his wallet and somehow ended up here.  Okay, not somehow.  He knew why he was here.  He was here because Tony was here, and he supposed, he wanted to say goodbye to Tony in his own way.  On his own terms.  The way he should have, back in Vegas.  By standing firm that some things didn’t have a price, and that Tony’s… his… his
So sorry for the long delay.  I hope there is still some interest in this.  I do plan to finish it, though real life has just made it slow going.  i hope to pick up the speed with the new year, but bear with me.  Thank you for your patience!
“Well, I’ve got stuff to do, so…” Tony said pointedly, gesturing towards the workstation, where the screensaver sent images from the Spitzer Space Telescope across the monitor.
“You really have hidden depths, don’t you?” Tony asked, looking askance at Rhodey.  “Boot camp, really?  How have you not told me this?  You just throw that out here.  Now, I’m picturing bunks. Were there bunks?  Did you put a picture of me above your bunk, next to Lisa Bonet?  Please tell me there were bunks.”
It was over quickly.  Steve had a moment to appreciate Brock’s comically-surprised expression as his training kicked in and he caught Brock’s fist, twisted his arm around and got Brock in a sleeper hold.  He hooked one leg around Brock’s and brought him down, capturing both of Brock’s arms behind his back and shoving him to the floor.
“Tony?” Steve asked, brow furrowing into a pinched frown as his eyes darted just beyond Tony long enough to realize Tony had come alone.
Steve rolled his eyes and reached for the doorknob.  “See you guys later,” Steve said in parting.   He could feel Bucky’s eyes following him as he left.
He could always go by himself, now that he wouldn’t have to work so much.  There would be time now. Maybe it would help him get his feet underneath him a bit more, and then he wouldn’t be so dependent on Brock for everything.  Brock’s friends had become, well, not his friends, exactly, but the people he saw the most, just because of circumstance.  He missed Bucky.  And Nat.  Thor.  Everyone.  Even Brooklyn and his crazy neighbors who made him pies and dumplings and carefully segregated their weed from Mr. Leary’s herbs in the greenhouse Steve built for them on the building’s roof.  He’d given up his apartment when he moved in with Brock, and he kind of missed having his stuff around, having a good place for his paints and easel, that kind of thing.  Maybe they could get something with more space and he could get his stuff out of storage.
, he thought.  The thought rang through his head in his own voice, but off, somehow, and he drew back, making Tony’s expression drop into one of concern.  What did it mean, Steve wondered, though no answer came this time any more than it had any of the other times his mind had conjured the same question.
“Exactly, Your Highness!” Ross said, leaning forward over the table, his voice urgent, “Which is why we should strike now. Now, while they are weak and still bleeding. Put this Carter woman they call leader into chains and see if they don’t all fall into--”
. You coming home white as a sheet and taking an hour-long shower after going to some asshole’s hotel room for a party isn’t
Even after all these years, Steve could take his breath away.  He was older, of course.  The lines of his jaw were sharper, the angles a bit more pronounced.  His hair was darker than Tony remembered and cut short, just falling over his forehead enough to hide the scar Tony knew was there at the curve of his hairline where Mike O’Malley had gotten him with the corner of a park bench when Steve was thirteen and trying to right the wrongs of the world one Mike O’Malley at a time.  His eyes, though.  You think you won’t forget, but then your mind lets you, needs to let you, Tony supposed with a dull sort of pang spreading wide in his chest.  Wide and blue, like fire that takes away all the air, he remembered with a start.  He’d thought that, once before, when they first met.  Damned poetic nonsense from the bottom of a bottle, is what that was, but the thought lingered.
Everyone was trying desperately not to stare at him, except for Barnes, who was probably working out the pattern for his Tony Stark voodoo doll because he’d upset Steve, which, why was Steve even upset about any of this?  Guilt?  Well, karma with a side of payback is a bitch to choke down, Tony supposed, and if Steve wanted to play the woe-is-me victim card around his friends, then fine, but it wasn’t like Tony had to just sit back and take it.   Which, he supposed, was probably Rhodey’s point.  Or, one of them, anyway.
Steve shook his head and glanced down at his half-full coffee mug, turning it slowly in his hand.  “I was thinking.”
“Yeah.  I missed y—” Tony began, only to have his words swallowed by Steve’s mouth on his, lightly at first, wind-chapped lips just brushing against Tony’s.
“Oh, hey,” Steve said, almost in surprise when Tony opened the garage door.  “Got what you asked for.  And, some lunch. If you’re hungry,” Steve finished, holding out the white container of food and brown bag of put-it-on-the-list-crap that Tony didn’t really want.
The water was too hot.  Steve stood under it anyway, feeling it make tiny spikes of cold-burning points against his skin.  Tony adjusted the temperature, then stepped inside, nudging Steve more fully under the stream until it coated the back of his neck and ran down his spine.  He tipped his head back, closing his eyes and letting the water run over his face.  For a moment, it tasted like salt.  That was the sweat and soot, he knew, but he swished it in his mouth and spat it towards the drain, anyway.
The image hit Steve’s head with a clang—bell, Steve thought hazily—kneeling at Tony’s feet while he worked and talked, naked, but for his collar and the bands of yellowing blues and purples around his wrists, knees and thighs that Tony had put there, that were a part of Steve’s punishment.  Reminders.  Steve’s eyes found Tony’s and whatever Tony saw there made him smile, soft and gentle.  “You would be beautiful,” Tony said. Steve breathed out, soft and even, keeping some sort of mental tally as he did.  One breath, two breaths, three, he wondered if the bruises were forming even now.  Four, five breaths, six, and Tony was looking at him, but he was distant, as if Steve was looking up at him from under the water, though he could breathe just fine, and Tony was right there.
No one seemed to pay Steve much attention once he’d agreed to his role in Stark’s hasty plan, other than Ms. Potts asking for his social security number and Stark pointing towards the kitchen after they exited the suite’s dedicated elevator, announcing, “There’s food. Probably,” with an air of distraction as he tapped at his ever-present tablet without looking up.
“First of all, you’re blindingly wrong, but don’t change.  Second of all, don’t go on the internet. Ever,” Tony urged.
“I did, Colonel Rhodes,” JARVIS announced.  “He assured me that he is on his way, and asked that I remind Sir not to say anything at all whatsoever to the police or to any other emergency personnel who may respond, though he seemed to regard this as an unlikely outcome.”
“I really don’t,” Tony replied, then blinked and ran a hand over his mouth.  Where the hell had that come from?  “I mean, gym is state of the art, which actually means something around here.  We’re not Apple.  Uh…forget it.  Not important,” he continued with a wave of his hand at Steve’s confused look.  “You spend a lot of time here.  And you run.  Early.  So fucking early.  Anyway, mostly through the park, but sometimes down to Brooklyn.  You help at a couple of the soup kitchens there.  Do some work at a one of the residences for the elderly the Diocese runs there.  You and Wilson volunteer at the Veterans’ hospital.  That kind of thing. You—you do good,” Tony finished lamely.  Why was he even babbling on about this?  It was just gym equipment, for crying out loud.  Still…it was the first thing Steve had shown any actual interest in, so there was that.
He was a thousand percent certain Steve did that on purpose, which was weird and manipulative, but altruistically manipulative, if that was possible.  It was like Tony’s efforts to do the Right Thing, no offense to Spike Lee, were being thwarted at every turn by Steve’s little campaign of interesting topics and decided lack of a Right-Thing-O’Meter, though God fucking knew he could borrow Howard’s anytime.  Tony was fairly sure it would have two settings:  the Right Thing to Say and Things Tony Said waaaaaaaay down at the other end.
Steve nodded once, finished his slice of bread, then closed his eyes again, grateful for the excuse not to have to respond. Steve couldn’t sleep, of course, not with the having to move and shift in a vain effort to find a moment’s respite for his aching bottom, the effect of which was to worsen the situation with his cock, where each movement triggered a beat of agonizing need down his length.   He tried not to move about too much, lest he draw Cam’s attention again, but sitting still was simply impossible.
He tossed the pillow to one side and sat up, gaze flicking to the closet before sliding off and focusing on the framed drawing of Tony’s mother, silky hair smoothed back into a neat chignon, a string of pearls around her neck done in soft pastels that somehow still managed to capture the dark quiet of her eyes and proud tilt of her head.  She had posed for that one, at Tony’s request, sitting in her parlor.  Her silver plate proclaiming her tomatoes the best in show at the Garden Club’s Annual Spring Fling was clasped between her hands. Steve’s idea, much to Tony’s delight.  He rather thought his mother looked pleased as well.
Steve was up and had his arms around Tony before the thought had finished forming.  Tony tried to wrench away, but Steve held him fast, pulling him tight to his chest, his arms locked behind Tony’s back.
They were all quiet for a while as they walked, each lost in a sea of their own thoughts.  Suddenly, Bruce made an excited sound as his hand darted for a vine-like plant that was clinging to the husk of a dead tree.
“Well, he said you painted. Art school dropout thing—look, doesn’t matter.  Use the stuff, don’t, not a big deal, okay?  It’s just…stuff,” Tony said with a flash of annoyance, waving his hand in the air.  Barnes’ smile got wider.  Tony bit back a grimace and instead, shook his head and took a deep, bracing breath. “I’ll be back in a couple hours.  Call Matt or Pepper if you need anything,” Tony rushed out in a tight voice, then headed for the elevator.
Steve rolled over and stared at the wall, letting his eyes fall shut.  Duty.  Sacrifice.  A soldier’s way.  Keep telling yourself that’s the only reason why you’re wondering if he’ll send for you tomorrow, some traitorous part of Steve’s mind whispered as his heart sped up.  No! He didn’t want this.  He didn’t want any of this.  He wanted to go home, share his grief with Natasha, have Clint make them all smile, tell Sam what he could of this nightmare and let him tell Steve it would be alright, even if they both knew it was lie.
Steve stared at her for a long moment, swallowed, then looked away.  He felt his hands curl into fists on the top of his thighs, the knuckles digging in there, and had the fleeting thought that it was dark in the cold, but it was gone before he could grab onto it.  The bubble burst, he thought, the words sounding odd and wrong in his head, and for a moment the world seeming to tip crazily on its side before everything righted itself.
“And what would I get if I were still and good for you?” Tony asked before dipping his tongue to circle the hole in Steve’s belly as he kept up the slow, steady rhythm of his hand on Steve’s cock and his hips rocking across the path of Steve’s groin and stomach.
“You take too much blame upon yourself, Tony,” Steve protested.  “Your parents had only just died.  The accident, you were—“
“I’ll…I’ll keep that advice in mind,” Steve said, returning Sam’s smile with a chagrined one of his own.  “Thanks, Sam…for everything.”
“You don’t say,” Rhodey remarked, stepping up to knock harder on the door, as if the sound of Tony’s pounding on the door had been lost in the massive echo chamber of the apartment beyond.
“Of course.  Why not? You have far more knowledge of what is needed than do I. After the fiasco with Zola, that much is clear,” Tony said, a slight frown pulling down his features.  “For one, it should be ensured that all concubines are purchased from reputable training houses...though I refuse to regret that policy was not followed in every case,” Tony added, nodding towards Steve, his gaze softening.   “And a system to honor the tradition of manumission so that concubines can buy their freedom, should they be gifted well enough during their service. Zola had been playing favorites with that, apparently, and while some portion
“A question I ponder daily,” Coulson said.  “He’s Rogers’ Omega,” Coulson added placidly, rocking a bit on his heels.
.  Not quite Hepburn and Grant, admittedly, Steve had never been able to manage that kind of thing with any Omega, even the few Bucky rounded up for him on occasion, but it felt...it felt...like a glimpse of how things
“Yeah.  Yeah, I noticed.  Not even going to pretend that’s not totally hot.  In retrospect, anyway,” Tony said, slight smile appearing again, so Steve took it as a win.  Not wanting to give Tony time to come up with some other way to blame himself, Steve dipped his head to Tony’s mouth, tracing Tony’s bottom lip with his tongue, before running it lightly between them.
“Going to want to have a nice, long conversation at some point, Stark,” Fury added, tipping his fingers to his forehead in mock salute.
“Hey, you shacked up with Nat for like a year,” Steve reminded him, laughing as he reached out to land a light punch on Bucky’s shoulder.
“Yeah, well, you were always the hero. Wasn’t that Erkine’s whole point?  Believe me, I get it, Cap, I really do.  I don’t need to hear whatever it is you think I did wrong this time—“ Tony started, feeling his control slipping bit by bit.  He did not want to start an argument with Steve, he really did not.  The guy just got out of the hospital and was dealing with a shit-ton of Loki’s fuckery.  Tony knew that, he really did, but damn it all, it was like the fucking helicarrier all over again, and all of Tony’s walls and defense mechanisms went from a pleasant background buzz to ear-shattering in the span of one smug, self-righteous comment.
Tony’s hands were in his hair, gripping hard, tugging his head back for more access.  Steve’s own hands wandered, exploring the planes of Tony’s back, running his hands beneath the water for more, then back up. Tony’s chest pressed against his own, teasing his wet nipples into hard peaks, and he must have made some kind of noise because one of Tony’s hands pushed between them to find the sensitive nub and rub it between his thumb and forefinger.
Steve looked over at him, assessing in the way only Steve seemed to manage to be able to do.  “You don’t like it, either,” Steve said after a pause.  “I saw you. Earlier. That’s not even…you’re not even you in there.  I don’t know who that was.  The guy in the file, maybe,” Steve said with a shrug before turning back to face the city. “I may only have a few weeks of memories, but even I could tell that.”
“Just keeping it from being a Twinkie,” Rhodey snorted.  “Big, yellow thing taking all the white kids to school across town,” he explained at Tony’s blank look.  “Twinkie.  Mom used to wait at the stop with me every morning and she’d be waiting there every afternoon. Drove my cool points way down.  In retrospect, it probably also kept me from doing something truly stupid. Oh, God.  I’m going to have to wait at the bus stop for you, aren’t I?”
“I can,” Steve acknowledged. Rhodes pursed his mouth and covered it with one hand, giving Steve a considering look.
“I had work to do,” Tony lied.  To be fair, ‘I sat at my computer for hours thinking about how I shouldn’t have tried to kiss you,’ sounded way worse.  “You didn’t have to wait up.”
“Fury tells me to say a lot of things,” Natasha replied obliquely, then gave him a quick, mercurial half-smile that pursed her lips and stood up.  Steve watched her walk away, back to where Clint piloted the transport, probably, though he saw her give him a long look over her shoulder before she ducked out of sight.
“I forget sometimes that you are unused to our heat.  A whole day in the sun, no wonder you are overtired.  You were not well this morning, and I knew it.  I should have insisted we put off the day’s events until some other time,” Tony murmured, voice rough with regret as he stroked his knuckles along the ridge of Steve’s cheek.  “I am sorry, my treasure.  You will rest.  Tomorrow, nothing, save staying in bed for you. I mean it.  I’ll call for the boy to come and entertain you with losing at chess. If you even think of taxing yourself, I’ll tie you to it, don’t think I won’t,” he teased with a soft smile.  “Now, sleep.  If you are not feeling better in the morning, I shall call for Doctor Banner to make you one of his concoctions. They’re terrible.  You’ll likely despise me—and I’ll probably not want to kiss you for some time after—but, they do work.  Rest,” Tony ordered lightly and leaned down to place a quick kiss to Steve’s brow.  “I will work in here, in case you have need of me.”
So maybe not, he thought dully, the familiar hot flash of annoyance that he could now, at least, recognize as something else entirely, running through him.  At one time, maybe he could have.  He liked to think that, anyway, probably better for his psyche.  But now, after coming so close to everything, the idea of having part of Steve, but not all of him, made something sour and bitter curl in Tony’s stomach, tightening like a vise around his chest until he couldn’t breathe.  He was familiar enough with panic to recognize it at this point.
“Well,” Tony shrugged pointedly, looking back down at his empty yogurt cup.  There was a single streak of pink still on the bottom of the cup, and Tony scraped the spoon tip against it, mostly for something to do that wasn’t thinking about how badly he wanted Steve to be okay with this, though he wasn’t entirely certain why it mattered so much.
“I know,” Steve said. He flattened his mouth into a grim line and stared off towards the mountains, forcing himself to say no more. It was the closest they had come to speaking about such things for a long time.
He probably hates me, Tony thought.  He’s probably right to hate me. It still hurt like hell. In all of this, he never wanted an outcome where Steve was hurt, and yet, it seemed preordained that he would be the one to hurt Steve. Over and over.  Afghanistan, the aftermath with Barnes, now this. Steve was probably right to want nothing to do with him. After all, what good had Tony brought to his life? Seven thousand dollars and a side of betrayal and PTSD.  The Tony Stark Trifecta.
All in all, Tony thought dinner went well.  Stilted conversation, but no property damage, so he considered it a win.  Steve gave him an introduction to Obie, half-hearted though it may have been.  Mr. Stane, my Omega would like an introduction.  Tony puffed out a breath of air through his nose.  Passive-aggressive Alpha-posturing-bullshit.  Honestly.  My Omega would like an introduction.  Not, I’d like you to meet my Omega.  Or, this is my Omega.  My Omega would like an introduction, and I’m not at all happy about it, though that last part was silent.
“All deliveries for Mr. Stark are handled by Ms. Potts with the utmost discretion, I assure you,” the receptionist said.  “I’m sure she’ll know just what to do with it.”
He’d gotten one look at the stage and immediately taken back every not-so-glowing thing he’d ever thought about strippers. Strippers were wonderful. Strippers were the best thing God ever put on this green earth. And this one? Tall, blond and incredibly muscled, though not the scary-huge kind that made you concerned they were just going to explode if you poked them. All-American good-looks right down to his red, white and blue striped thong. God Bless America. Tony had never felt more patriotic in his life. He’d even sent a wad of bills back with the waitress in the hopes of some private time, but all he’d gotten was an apology, a seemingly sincere ‘His loss,’ and a refund from the sympathetic waitress. He hadn’t been sure if she’d been gazing longingly at him or the roll of cash. Actually, he was pretty sure which one it was, and that didn’t do much for his disappointment. The night hadn’t exactly ended how his mind had briefly envisioned, though he’d put those thoughts to good use later.
“I thought it was sweet,” Nat put in.  “I mean, it went to a creepy place when you ate it, but right up until then, kind of cute.”
The topic switch caught Steve off-guard, but he was starting to adjust to Tony’s rapid-fire conversation changes.  “My friend brought some over,” Steve reminded him.  “Last night.”
“Look at you,” Tony breathed out.  He reached out a hand and held it over Steve’s chest, then pressed it down, tracing a pattern down Steve’s stomach.  Steve felt his cock twitch again and caught Tony’s eyes darting down to the motion before coming back to follow the trail of his hand across Steve’s chest.
Steve was polite.  Thoughtful.  With everyone, probably, not that Tony really had any way to know that, but it seemed like the kind of thing that would be true.  It’s just a few ready-made meals, Stark.  Unless the carrot sticks spell out a secret message, probably best not to assume it meant anything other than Steve didn’t want him to burn the cabin down.  Clean-up was such a bitch, after all.
Their hotel wasn’t particularly big, but Steve slowed his steps as he headed for their room.  What was he going to say when Brock inevitably asked him about last night?  He wasn’t sure.  That it was fine, he supposed.  That he was fine.  He had the check.  Probably, Brock wouldn’t really want to know all the details, and for whatever reason, Steve didn’t particularly want to share them.  It felt… like something he wanted to keep for himself.  At least for now.
He reached out a hand and pushed at the door, which, of course, because this was his life, didn’t have a lock and opened right up. Figures, he thought dully as he looked up the winding staircase that wrapped itself around the building’s interior. He shook his hair out and wiped down the front of his shirt, sending droplets of water onto the cracked pieces of the black and white tiled floor. For a minute, he just stood there, dripping, letting the unreality of the whole situation settle over him. What the paparazzi would give for this picture, he thought with a slight quirk of his mouth. Some billionaire playboy….he might have more in common at the moment with the drowned rats scavenging for wiring than whatever image the press wanted to deify or destroy him with this week.
“Ha,” Barnes snorted, taking a drink from a bottle of…Tony tilted his head, squinting…Dom Perignon.  Of course, Tony sighed. “He’s got your number, Stevie,” Barnes said, tipping the bottle in Steve’s direction.  “You did good, Stark,” Barnes added, nodding approvingly at him.
“Look, do you want to explain to her that you left that giraffe thing she played with one time but now wants more than anything on earth back at the house?  I didn’t think so,” Tony said at Steve’s sigh.  He hefted Lily a little higher on his hip and looked back at the house.  He was probably forgetting something, but it wasn’t like the cabin was truly in the wilderness or anything.  He’d walked across a desert. He could make it two nights away from home with a baby.  “Should we bring the swing?  I think we should bring the swing.  She likes the swing.”
Stark Sells Avengers Tower, the headline blared in large, blocky letters, though reading it now had lost the pang of shock and grief that had punched through him the first time.  Now, it was just…a resolute sort of numb acceptance in its place, though he knew that wasn’t it, not really, not with the way his gut twisted and his eyes tightened when he looked at it.  It was a stock photo of Tony underneath, from some event months ago.  The MIT thing, maybe, Steve couldn’t remember.  Or, he could.  If he thought about, he could remember a lot.  But, he didn’t want to think about it.  It looked like the same suit, though.  The one Tony had held up in one hand with a lighter grey one in the other.
The words sort of twisted themselves through his mind and down to his gut, settling cold and sickly there.  I handled it, my ass, Tony mentally scoffed. Tony was fairly sure that ‘handled’ was code for ‘got the ever-loving fuck out of there,’ but he wasn’t stupid enough to press Steve on it at this point.  Still.  He didn’t like the way Steve’s whole body pulled taut and rigid whenever he’d talked about it, or the way he wouldn’t quite meet Tony’s eyes when he spoke.  He didn’t like thinking about Hammer with Steve in the same sentence, let alone the same room.  He didn’t like any of it, to be honest, and Steve clearly wanted to try to keep it in the past. Tony was fairly sure his better half wouldn’t approve of this little digging expedition, but he had spent most of the last night going over the past few days in his mind and this thing with Hammer was the piece that stuck in his craw more than any other, needling at him until he had to do
Laughing, Steve dove after him. The pool shallowed near the waterfall, where a tumble of rocks seemed to have at one time or another fallen down to fill in that part. The water was waist-high on Tony, and Steve watched as he stuck his head into the falling water and turned his face up into it to let it wash over him.
He’d asked the Reverend once, just after the dreams first started during his twentieth summer, right after his mom died, how to stop them. Which, admittedly, hadn’t been a good idea, but he had been desperate to understand what was wrong with him, though the answer and proposed cure had been more frightening than the dreams ever were.  Demonic visitation, the Reverend said, was the only explanation for dreams that would cause a man to commit such a sin and then wipe away any memory of it.  You are more vulnerable in sleep, the Reverend told him, when the mind was free to consider all manner of lasciviousness and not shielded by prayer as you are during the day. The only protection was constant prayer, a tithe to the church--which Steve couldn’t afford, but the Reverend said there were all kinds of ways to make atonement--and removal of the temptation of the flesh by wearing what turned out to be a truly terrifying metal belt-like contraption at night.  Steve remembered recoiling, just looking at the device the Reverend showed him, but if that was the only way...what choice did he have?
“Trust me,” Steve replied, moving behind Tony.  Over Tony’s shoulder, he could see them standing together in the mirrored wall, Tony in his perfect suit, Steve naked and sweat-slicked behind him.  Tony’s eyes were wide, eyes glinting in the bright overhead lights as he caught Steve’s gaze.  “Trust me,” Steve said again, making it a request.  Tony held his gaze a beat longer, then dropped his eyes to the floor before moving forward.  When Tony stood in front of the mirror, his eyes found Steve’s again, something heated and determined moving behind them.  Tony mouth was parted slightly, breath coming in pants. His tongue darted out to wet his lips, and Steve’s eyes traced the movement in the mirror before catching Tony watching him in the glass.
To her credit, Stacey Not Becky/Darcy, who had apparently been Hammer’s date for the evening, turned on her heel and left him there with a disgusted groan.
It didn’t take more than looking at the food to realize he was starving, his bowl of Lucky Charm marshmallows and Wheatabix--because dammit, who let Clint do the grocery shopping?—already long gone from his stomach.  He piled a plate high with croissants, muffins, fruit and crispy strips of bacon, grabbed the chocolate milk and sat down at the table, letting the sun warm him as he looked out over the expanse of blue ocean.
“Fine,” Tony said abruptly, then turned back towards the elevator and hit the call button again.  “I can’t believe I fake married the only idiot in Vegas with both the guilt complex and penchant for public nudity that rival my own.  What’re the odds?”
Steve blinked and looked down in momentary shock. The cage fit around the length of his cock, though just barely, and only after Tony shoved it on with enough force to make Steve hiss out a surprised gasp.  The extra weight of it pulled at his cock.  He clicked the golden band around Steve’s balls into place in the lock and stood back to admire his work.  Steve’s cock was already straining against the metal bars, red and bulging.  A large pearl on a golden chain dripped from the end of the cage in what was an obvious reference, and a heavy weight that Steve thought must be solid gold by the feel of it hung from the band that circled his balls, tugging them down until the skin at their base stretched thin and smoothly pink.
Tony reached up and lifted the coronet off his head, holding it in the circle of his hands for a moment.
"My squad was the first one there.  After everything.  Came looking for us when the convoy didn't check in at interval,” Steve said with a twist of his mouth.  “We didn’t do much except hold things together until the evac and trauma teams got there.  Wasn’t much we
“Team Army calls the chimney for our base,” Barnes shouted, putting his good hand in the air like he was waiting to be called on.
“Yeah, something's definitely off, I'll grant you that much,” Rhodey acknowledged with an air of resignation, bringing Tony to a halt next to a streetlamp covered in fliers advertising everything from Pho-to-Go to erotic massage, possibly from the same place.
“Yeah, but…” Tony began, trailing off as he stared up at Steve, his mouth twisting and eyes darting around until they finally settled on Steve.  “See, I needed this to be about the money, and it was, and that was fine, but now?  Now, maybe it’s not, maybe it’s something else, I don’t know, and that’s…” he stopped, looking away and seeming to gather himself, sucking in a breath. “Knowing you were with Broth, that
“Why, my purpose is the same as always, Your Highness, of course.  To see to your pleasure and comfort, as is my highest duty,” Zola said in a high, lilting voice that made Steve want to grind his teeth together.  “I thought, perhaps, you might be inclined to enjoy some company this evening?  To celebrate the occasion?  A virgin, untrained, but eager to please, I assure you, Your Highness.”
“So, speaking of names, you all have like a cool gang name or something?  Sharks, Jets, Bloods, Crips, what do people call terrifying gangs out for vigilante justice these days? Fangirls?” Tony asked, squinting up at the dangling light as Steve angled them out the office door.
Steve’s shoulders tightened at Tony’s approach, but he didn’t move.  Tony stood behind him at the sink for a long moment, then wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and pressed his head against Steve’s back where it dipped between his shoulder blades.  He felt Steve stiffen, then relax and go loose-limbed, almost curling back into Tony’s embrace.  One of Steve’s hands came up to cover Tony’s, rubbing absently up and down Tony’s arm where it hugged Steve’s waist in a soothing gesture.
Putting thoughts of the shell aside, Steve gingerly pushed himself up and peered around. The beach was empty.  In truth, he had expected that. His clothes were strewn on the beach not too far away where he discarded them the night before.  The stone circle he made for the fire held in little but damp ash. The silver cup and cask of rum were there where he left them, but there was no sign of Shellhead.  With a sigh, Steve got up, and walked down to the water. Nothing moved except the waves, and Shellhead’s usual sunning spot amongst the copse of rocks was empty, Steve noted.
Steve sighed and shrugged off the robe he was wearing. He let Cam help him don the one Tony had sent, his mind still full of Cam’s revelations. At least the process of dressing gave him something to do other than turn the information over and over in his mind, like a ball of snow, tumbling down a hill, gathering more and more flakes and debris as it went.  If he kept at it, his thoughts would end the same way, in a broken heap at the bottom, unrecognizable as to what once had been.
He wanted this. Maybe he didn't want to want it, but he needed it. Pepper was right. He was wallowing in righteous indignation when one of life's few chances at happiness was right here, with nothing more than inches of regret between them.
The doorman opened one of the doors as they approached, and they walked into the suite.  To Tony’s relief, it was less pink floral vomit and more salon waiting room.  There were long couches and comfortable looking chairs with down pillows, tables with snacks and magazines, and a flat-screen on one of the walls that was showing a closed circuit of the ballroom, with a second, smaller screen embedded in the corner giving a celebrity news report.  He scanned the footage long enough to find Steve’s broad shoulders still next to David’s chair, though a woman, obviously a nurse, was bending over David and fitting a clear, plastic tube into his nose to give him oxygen.
“Don’t apologize. It will be alright. Soon. Soon, it will be alright. I promise,” Tony said, sounding worn and pained, the way Steve felt most of the time.
“I’d like at least one,” Steve told him, which made Tony’s gut clench and the fish stick to the roof of his suddenly dry mouth, but he thought he kept a pretty good game face.  “Money.”
When he walked out, Ms. Potts was on the phone again, and she held one finger in the air in a gesture clearly meant as ‘hold on,’ and went back to her conversation, which stopped abruptly. Steve turned his head back to her, and caught her with her mouth parted, as if she’d stopped mid-word before she snapped it shut. “I’m going to have to call you back,” she said to whoever it was on the phone. “You. You, ah—where’s Tony?” she asked, dropping the phone onto the table and walking off.
The problem was, Steve could almost picture the whole thing in his head.  Someone making a pass, maybe thinking someone like Steve didn’t belong where he was, some fancy party or something, and then Tony swooping in and telling whoever it was exactly what they could do with their offer.  He wasn’t sure, but he rather suspected Tony could be fairly terrifying when he wanted to be. You didn’t get to be who he was by being timid, after all.
No, probably best to just stick with the usual, at least if that was what Tony wanted. Though, God, he was probably going to embarrass himself with that. He got too nervous, too in his own head a lot of the time, that was what Brock said, and it wasn’t like tonight was exactly what he would call relaxing.  Maybe he should have the nightcap after all. Couldn’t hurt.  He needed to relax or Tony would probably ask for a discount, and then Steve could just fling himself off the hotel’s balcony.  Simple. At least he had a plan.
“Do not ask me to regret my intervention,” Tony said, leaning back slightly, which seemed to at least allow Steve’s head to clear somewhat.  “As long as my Claim is upon you, I can do no less.”
“I made some changes to the cabin. Mostly—some, ah, electrical. Minor, um. Minor adjustments. There's a hole by the breaker box. I'll fix it, don't worry. And put the breaker box back. The, uh, power. The power lines,” Tony admitted, the words coming out in a rush of air. He ran an absent hand through his hair, and it came away sticky with the mousse he'd used to try to smooth it down. Damn. He saw Steve's eyes follow the movement, and a slight twitch a the corners of Steve's mouth. Great. He probably looked like he'd been using Cameron Diaz's hair-styling regimen. There's Something About Tony. Perfect. He dropped his hand back to the chair with a sigh.
“Of course.  You’ll like them, I think.  They’re smart.  Like you.  Or, maybe not like you, but smart,” Steve amended with a quick, rueful look at Tony.  “I just have to meet with Fury.  Won’t take long,” Steve told him.
“You understand why you are being punished?” Tony asked.  His voice was calm, matter-of-fact, but there was a clipped hardness underneath it.
“Can you two argue over Steve’s meat lat—you know what, forget I even started to say anything,” Rhodes cut off, walking over to the fridge and pulling out a beer while Tony and Barnes exchanged snickers of laughter.
Embarrassed heat flooded through Steve, but instead the usual horrified feeling that he had done something wrong, the shame actually felt good, twisting hot through his gut and down the length of his cock.
“Great,” Wilson beamed uncomfortably into the silence.  “So, um.  Air Force?” Wilson asked Rhodey carefully, clearly not blind to the tension filling all the empty spaces in the room like pressurized air.
“Ready?” he asked Steve, who gave him a knowing look, then nodded, stepped off the deck and started down the trail with the basket in hand.
“I should’ve told you.  They told me not to.  Not to tell anyone.  And I listened.  I don’t know why, except…” Steve trailed off, gaze flicking to the spot where the shield leaned against the wall before coming back to rest on Tony.  “I wanted something that wasn’t
“You’re really going to name a foundation after me?” Bucky asked with a frown.  “Why not Steve? He’s the—he’s the one with all the big ideas and speeches and whatever. You should name it after him, if you’re gonna really do that, I mean.  It’s a great idea, but I’m not—I’m not the guy you want for that.”
Steve’s thoughts wandered, and he found himself regaling Tony with one of the team’s missions that had almost gone completely wrong, saved by happenstance or luck or a combination of whatever it was that made them a team.  He could feel Tony relax against his side, his breath evening out, his body stilling along with his mind, or so Steve hoped. There was something deeply satisfying about managing to get Tony to relax, and talking about the team kept them real when it was so easy to let that life slip away.  Memories pulled away like the tide going out, constant and inexorable, but talking about them…he could picture them all in his head as clearly as if they were pantomiming the actions in front of him.
Tony’s hands slammed down on the table, making the silverware jump and clink loudly against the china.  “I think that’s enough storytelling,” Tony said, a bitter twist to his mouth, looking anywhere but at Steve and something terribly like pain flared in his gaze for a moment before he shuttered his expression completely.
“What is it?” Tony asked suddenly, drawing back enough to look at Steve.  He brought his hands up to cup Steve’s face and held him there.  “Steve?  Are you unwell?”  Sharp concern laced Tony’s voice, and a frown marred his features.
At lunch, Steve walked down to a small park near the construction site and sat on a shaded bench to eat his lunch.  He was somehow completely unsurprised when Tony plopped down next to him halfway through his sandwich.  Tony didn’t immediately say anything, so Steve just bided his time, giving Tony a moment to decide how to proceed.
“Rejection is a bit like looking at the sun without one of those boxes, isn’t it?  Even when you look away, it is still there, burning brightly over everything else,” Jarvis said, voice tinged with regret.  “It becomes all you can see.”
“I’m sure I would.  Tell me more about them,” Tony said in a quiet voice.   “Take this nonsense with Ty from my mind.”
Tony sighed and maneuvered the Bugatti under the No Parking sign in the alley on the far side of what looked like the only building in Brooklyn too far gone to ever manage to catch the eye of gentrification efforts. There was a large, rusted brown dumpster in front of him, one side of the lid flipped open as if it hoped maybe the rest of the building would just crumble into it, the lone light in the dark alley illuminating it like a spotlight. Probably to discourage dumping, though of exactly what, Tony didn’t particularly care to think.
“I’m gonna fuck up, Steve,” Tony mumbled into the curve of Steve’s neck almost too softly for even Steve to hear.  Tony’s body went rigid beneath him, then Tony lifted his head, letting his chin scrape along the column of Steve’s throat as he put some space between them, sending a  shudder through Steve’s body in response.  “We both know that.”
“Can’t an interested investor check in on—okay, okay,” Tony amended quickly as Steve shoved out of the chair and stood up so quickly it wobbled between them, spinning on its base out of Tony’s grip.
“Yeah. I figured that out on my own,” Steve said, his brow furrowing and mouth dipping into a frown. Frown means sad or upset, Anto thought to himself.  “I didn’t mean to cause a problem for you. It was just a carving. It’s---that’s what I do. I’m a carver by trade. I didn’t mean—well. I knew I shouldn’t do it, but I was leaving, and…I wanted something to have of you to take with me.  That’s no excuse. We don’t---we’re not supposed to put faces on them. I know that. But, I thought, if I left this for you,” he continued, tugging his amulet from around his neck, “then you would have part of me, too, so it would be okay, maybe,” he said, pulling whatever it was that Tyber had thrown at him out of the pouch at his waist.  “It was rude and stupid, I know, I should have asked first. Or just not done it, I don’t know. Bucky always said I—I did things without thinking sometimes. I just didn’t want to leave without—without something of you to take with me.”
“Stark said it was because they lived in the mountains with these big ravines in between them, and so, if you shouted, you know, it’s hard to understand, but whistling would carry.  Isn’t that something?” Steve shook his head, leaning back in the boat while the sail billowed above him. “That was his last one. The last Adventure, then the War Department called him back to come help. And then, well.  Always surprised me that he would go in something as mundane as lost at sea, not after everything he’s faced. Guess that’s something we share, huh? Lost at sea. Never thought I’d share much of anything with someone like Tony Stark,” Steve shrugged.  “‘Cept I have you, so I’m not really lost.”
What if, indeed.   Life wasn’t meant to be lived as a question, shrouded in uncertainty and the unknowable.   We are meant to know we are capable of being loved. That is the gift the universe gives us, and he had known that his whole life, only doubting it when it was actually presented to him.
“Fine,” Howard bit out after a pause.  “Fine, whatever,” he said, waving a dismissive hand. “We’re starting this in, what, ten? God, I need a drink.  Where’s the—is that the latest?” Howard said, motioning a young man over and taking a stapled stack of papers from him. “Who wrote this?  I sound like fucking Walt Disney.”
Maybe this is all I get, this one time, Steve thought, his mind flashing again to the bird tucking his prizes away for safekeeping.  It was more than many ever had, that was true enough. He should be happy with that. Hadn’t he just said he was going to stop being unhappy with what he was given?  If this was what he got, then he wouldn’t trade it for a thousand nights that paled in comparison to last night.
He walked past the crowd without a backward glance, though he could feel the stares on his back as he pushed the doors to the locker room open and walked out. For once, it didn’t bother him.  For once, he wanted people to see him. See what he was like after his time away.  See what was
“I can get in the safe, Tony.  If you’d just—if I can have the room.  Please,” Steve asked, stone-faced. Could he, though?  Could he get past Howard’s defenses without damaging the plans? He regarded Tony, suddenly unsure, his stomach tying itself in knots.
Tony could hear his voice raising, which seemed to have the sole effect of upsetting Steve, who started making distressed whimpering noises and ducking his head into the crook of Tony’s shoulder like he could bury himself inside Tony’s armor if he tried hard enough.
Talk to him, Rhodey’s voice echoed in Tony’s head.  He’ll hate me, Tony thought back.  Would it be so bad to just lay it all on Stane’s doorstep?  Let him take the fall, while Tony played the innocent dupe?  I could have spared Steve this pain, Tony thought.  I could’ve stopped this from happening if I’d paid attention, dug in, gone through those reports the way Pepper always wanted me to…but I didn’t want to, it wasn’t fun, it wasn’t what I wanted to be doing, so I just…didn’t.  I trusted.  I left it to someone else, signed what I needed to sign and went on with my life, while people like Steve were—God, suffering and dying on my watch.  All because it was boring.  The downward pull, the tug in his chest just behind the reactor, he could feel it all slipping away like a physical force, and it was all he could do not to clutch at his chest and try to hold on, just a little bit longer.
“I’m pretty sure I still have our Bro Food Decision Tree from sophomore year,” Tony admitted.  “If that wasn’t a worthwhile application of our time and energy as the brightest minds about to shape the century, I don’t know what was.  The One Fun Ring was something of a low point for you, coolness-wise, I’ll give Barnes that much.”
Tony was wet and warm, all flush against him.  Steve could feel the evidence of Tony’s arousal pressing against his groin, and he let out a low gasp, arching his head back as he instinctively ground his hips up against the hardness.
“Looks like I win the prize.  What do I get?  Isn’t a soon-to-be-dead goldfish the usual?” Tony asked, seemingly to himself.
“Right, sure,” Brock said.  “We just, we gotta be careful, you know?  Because it seems like a lot of money, and then poof!  It’s gone, that’s all.  Can’t be handing it out to everyone.”
“I’m David Sterling.  I own a small art gallery down in Soho and we are currently working on an exhibition that involves photographs that soldiers from various wars took on the front lines.  It truly is a fascinating retrospective of life in the field.  I think you might find it interesting, and I would certainly appreciate any perspective you might be able to offer on the subject, of course,” the man said in a smooth, low voice. The crowd and music was such that, combined with the man’s softer voice, even Steve had to lean in a bit to hear.
Steve wanted to ask what he meant by too much, because with Tony, he just needed more. It was never enough.  He didn’t think that was what Tony wanted to hear, though, so he nodded again.
“Whatever.  So, you gonna let me blow you or what?” Kirk said, finally tearing his eyes from the piece and looking down at Steve with raised eyebrows.
He pushed Steve’s legs apart again and ran the warm, wet cloth along the crack of his ass, dabbing carefully at his hole.  It was already tightening up, Tony noticed.  He felt he shouldn’t like that as much as he did, so decided not to mention it.  He got the rest of them cleaned up, then tossed the towels on the floor.  Looking down at the bed, he shook his head and grabbed the edges of the sheets and pulled them off the bed and out from under Steve, who lifted his hips helpfully when Tony tugged.
“Oh,” Steve replied. “Ah—Well. It—it really isn't a good time, Tony. I guess, maybe we could step out into the hall for a minute or...”
“I will treat him well, have no fear. Though,” the Ul laughed lowly, licking his lips as he regarded Steve, “he may not wish to return to you so quickly afterwards! Perhaps this is your worry?” he chuckled, looking back and forth between his generals, who joined in the snickering like children following their leader.
“Sorry,” Steve said over his shoulder.  He didn’t sound sorry, Tony noticed.  Coulson noticed, too, but just craned his neck towards the damaged railing with a speculative look.
Tony’s head snapped up a bit at that and Steve could see the lines of his face harden.  He was about to ask what was wrong, but then, without a word, Tony turned abruptly and walked to the dining room, sitting down heavily in his chair.  Steve followed, confusion welling up inside him.  Tony didn’t speak, still hadn’t greeted him, and Steve wasn’t sure what he’d missed.  Ok, clearly, Tony was upset about something.  Well, certainly everyone had their off days.  Not like Tony wasn’t more than entitled to a few.  They ate in silence for a bit, or, rather, Steve ate and Tony pushed food around on his plate, staring at it moodily.
Steve shouldn’t sound like that, but Tony had put that there somehow, and now he didn’t know what he was supposed to do or say to fix it.  Everything he’d done so far had been wrong, had ended up with his Omega barely able to look at him and obviously upset and it hurt, it hurt deep down in his gut like someone had taken something and jabbed it in and twisted and kept twisting and he just wanted it to stop, just stop, but he didn’t know how to make that happen.
“Steve,” Tony said, quiet, but firm.  He looked down at the cloth held in his hand, then back up at Steve, his face pulled down into a mask of despair. “Do not ask me to take that much from you.”
“It’s okay, Tony.  I get it.  You think you’re ‘uncool,’ you should’ve seen me discovering the wall that gives you money,” Steve declared.
“I’m not lost, I live here,” Steve insisted, giving the man a pointed look.  “I’m just--” running, he thought, but he didn’t want to say that to the man and have him think Steve was a coward, though he wasn’t sure why it mattered what the stranger thought. He snorted wetly and pointed.  “I live right down that way. The one…” the one that’s barely standing with the patched roof and the empty barn that’s falling apart, he thought, then just shrugged and drew his arm across his mouth again, wincing slightly at the burn where his lip was split, “Down that way. It isn’t far,” he finished lamely.
“Remember how I told you I was sickly as a boy?” Steve asked.  The creature nodded, then a burst of bubbles formed under its chin, which Steve took for an expression of derision or disbelief.  “Believe what you will, but it’s true. I would draw. All kinds of things. The things I read about in those books or magazines. My Ma.  My friends. Things I just saw in my head. Anything. I used to love that,” Steve continued. He lifted his feet up off the sand and floated, letting the gentle waves lift and set him.  The water rushed into his ears, leaving a hollow, calming echo. “I was going to be an artist. Before the war. Not exactly a lucrative career choice, I know, but I’d thought maybe I’d get a few commissions from one of those periodicals.  Maybe some advertisements,” Steve shrugged lightly.
Steve made a couple more stabs at conversation, all of which fell flat.  Tony indicated he was done by pushing away from the table and heading back to his workstation with a quickly muttered, “Thanks, Cap.”  Steve gathered the dishes and deposited them in the dishwasher on his way back to his room.
“I’m here. I’m not—I’m not going anywhere.  I’m right here, Steve,” Tony soothed.  “Everything’s fine. Docs say I check out.  Nothing to worry about.  Hey, you always said I was practically part robot, now it’s kinda true. Bit like your Metropolis girl, huh?”
“Bonding hormones,” Steve told him, grinning a bit. Of course, Tony knew about the rush of bonding chemicals from basic biology class.  Everyone knew about it.  He wondered why he wasn’t affected by them?  Probably because of the suit.  And being awesome.  He should tell Steve about how he wasn’t affected like some raging Alpha maniac, so Steve would know he was awesome.  Once they got to the island. Must be awkward for poor Steve though, to have gone through that.  He nodded sympathetically in understanding.  He didn't want Steve to feel badly about it.  It was just biology, after all.
.  But, there was nothing there, just the dull throb of the thought that he wanted to go home in the back of his mind, distant and fading.  Preston had his button open and his hand on his zipper.  Calvins. Of course.  Tony licked his lips.  Breathe through your nose, he thought.  It’ll be okay.  Ty was right. It wasn’t a big deal.  Not like he hadn’t done it tons of times before.  It’ll be over soon. Then he could go home. Ty promised.
“Hey, it’s okay, shhh,” Tony husked out, all breathy and soothing.  His hand was making slow circles on Steve’s chest, knuckles dragging through the droplets, like he was spreading them out over a canvas.  “You don’t have to. I’m gonna think about it, though.  When it’s just me, you know.  Gonna think about you touching these gorgeous tits of yours.  You don’t mind, do you?” Tony asked, glancing up from his ministrations to look at Steve from under impossibly long, wet lashes.
“I understood that reference,” Steve said happily. “Tony, we really should get going. Don’t want to keep Bruce waiting,” Steve said as he started to push himself up off the sofa. 23 and 25 sprang into action to help. 26 clapped excitedly.   Tony sighed and scrubbed a hand over his face.
kept on changing.  He couldn’t seem to stop himself.  When he woke up, there was this buoyancy that followed him throughout the day.  He stopped measuring every, single word for correctness, stopped worrying that every action was going to lead to an equal and opposite reaction, and slowly found himself feeling like he was crawling out from under an invisible weight he hadn’t known he was carrying.  Sometimes, it would come crashing back on him, slamming into his chest with enough force to knock his breath out, when he said or did something he knew he shouldn’t.  Except…except, nothing.  Nothing happened.
What the hell was wrong with him, anyway?  Golf on the moon?  Astronaut trivia at fuck-all o’clock?  God, he groaned into his palms.  Would it kill him to act normally for once in his whole, God-forsaken life?
“I have them, too. The dreams,” Tony said after a pause.  His face scrunched up around the words, as if he didn’t care for how they tasted in his mouth.  “The water.  They used a bucket, pushed my head in it just long enough for it to feel like I was going to explode if I didn’t get air, and I’d open my mouth and swallow just enough water to feel like I was drowning.”
