don’t be mad, I - get off me - I have to see Dean,
Cas wonders if the kid knows he's there, or if he thinks he's alone. Either way, he doesn't say anything. What could he possibly say, anyway? He stays still on his mattress, curled up, knees to chest. The light comes on.
"Don't do this," he tries. "Please. I don't... I don't want--"
He should have known.
He feels Dean pulling on his hands and realizes that he's taking the cuffs off, presumably so he can wash up. His hands fall limply to his sided, knuckles dragging on the floor. Dean leans down and grabs a fistful of dark hair, lifting the boy's head slightly.
Dean clamps a hand over his mouth, and the reality of the situation sets in. Cas struggles, prying at the man's arm, trying to kick him away. He's frantic, calling out from under Dean's hand, but it just presses down harder and Cas sinks into the pillows. When Dean's free hand wrenches one of his legs to the side, he gives up.
In case it wasn't clear enough, please note that the vast majority of this chapter is flashback.
Sam takes a few more seconds to gather himself before continuing.
Castiel has never felt so disgusted with himself. To kiss Dean - willingly and with hunger, as if he actually wanted it - that was the ultimate betrayal. Betrayal to himself, to his family. When he thinks about it, thinks about curling up in that man's arms and sleeping next to him, he feels a wave of shame engulf him. Pull him under. Drown him. It fills his lungs, he's gasping for breath, but all he can get are the rolling waves that threaten never to stop filling him up. All of that mixed with the trauma he's stuck with because of what happened to that boy?
Cas lets his hand fall to the side and he swallows, feeling the stifling closeness and the suffocating heat of Dean's body on top of his. He's covered in a layer of sweat, but he doesn't know if it's Dean's or his own.
He can hear Sam screaming objections as John stands up, grinning like a fucking maniac, and grabs Dean by the front of the shirt. Dean feels a tooth snap out of its socket with the very first punch. Tries not to swallow it.
Pretty graphic rape in this chapter.
"See? He won't," Dean says to his brother, as if the boy isn't sitting two feet away.
Cas glares at him.
But Dean is always gonna be Dean. He can't change who he is. Sometimes, he gets ticked off or downright angry, and he forgets to include the nice stuff. He just takes, and inflicts, and you know what? Sue him. Cas always has it coming, anyway.
Time to sit up-- wake up? Is he awake? Yes-- he can feel drool coming out of his mouth and it wets his cheek and helps him peel his face off the leather… the leather seat. A leather seat.
Dean makes him choose the method: do you want me to hit you until you cry, or cut you until you've learned your lesson, angel? D'you want to go two days with no sleep, or no food? If you can take all of me without gagging, I'll give you another blanket.
"I know you're awake. Don't ignore me."
About an hour later and Cas is curled up on his mattress for the first time. He hasn't been able to fall back asleep, so he lays awake trying to get comfortable and refusing to let himself think of home. If he thinks of home, he'll think of how much he misses the smell of it. If he thinks of home, he'll think about how Michael has been asking him for the last two weeks to clean his room and now he doesn't have the chance to. If he thinks of home, he'll think of his brothers sitting in clammy silence at the dinner table, hands clenched and feet tapping and jaws set as they all think about where their little Cassie could possibly be. He can't let himself remember the mornings spent bickering over who's taking all the hot water, or the once-in-a-while evenings where everybody's getting along and they're watching the game on tv or they're playing cards or they're wrestling. Above all, he will not think back to the night he was taken, when he seriously thought that if he were not to show up in the morning, it would serve Lucifer right to feel horrible for locking the doors. He will not think about how he imagined Luci wondering if his brother had been kidnapped right from his front porch. He will not think about it. He will not let himself miss them. Because if he starts, he will never, never stop.
It's the closest thing Cas has ever gotten to comfort from Dean. He's crying, and this time it's part relief.
Cas lets out a soft whisper of breath, the mere suggestion of a pained "
Cas swallows. Steels himself. Gets up on two feet and shuffles over to Dean, the chain behind him scraping on the hard floor. It sounds like an omen.
"Relax, kid." He reaches out, grabs a bit of fabric near the collar and tugs. "Should have gotten somethin' from the drawers. This one's been worn."
He doesn't want to become void. He doesn't want to be stagnant and emorionless. He doesn't want to become a robot; a puppet. But he fears that soon he won't be able to handle all the inner contradiction, and he'll give himself away to be Dean's toy. He thinks of his brothers, how hard they'd want him to fight. To think of himself as a moldable, usable un-person isn't bearable.
“I… I have to pee?” Cas says, uncertain, not wanting to cause any problems. He hears Dean sigh, and there’s a moment before he responds.
“Don’t tell me I misunderstood,” Dean seethes, his tone dark. He’s getting the look on his face where he’s about to hit something.
submissive. He grabs his chin, forces his head up again.
Cas just shakes his head, tries to speak but he's kind of freaking the fuck out. It doesn't help when Dean moves closer to him.
“It’s okay, kid. Go slow.”
"Let me go!" He persists, and it doesn't sound demanding, but rather desperate. "I want to..." he has to stop to let a stuttering breath out. He doesn't want to keep crying.
The bitter-sour-saltiness of it when Dean made him open his coated mouth and speak.
waiting to hear about his parent's demise. It's... it's sick. And although Cas never knew his mother, and never liked his dad, it's still hard for him to talk about.
move away.
"What do you have to say for yourself?"
He starts to reach for Dean, grabbing at his jacket collar, pulling himself closer to the front seat. Practically clambering over it. He’s desperate to prove himself. Prove that he wasn’t trying to escape. Prove that Dean doesn’t have to shoot him again.
, Cas thinks. Dean shifts a little, giving a small exhale as he rests his elbows on his knees and clasps his hands between them. "What about your parents?" He asks. "What are they like?"
Tonight, Dean took what was left of Castiel's innocence. It was something he waited a long time to do, wanting to get it just right. He knew from the start that Cas was special, that he was worth waiting for. In that moment, Dean wasn't just powerful, he was power. He took something Cas can never take back, and it was ownership and infliction and greed.
“Cas? Talk to me, buddy. You’re okay.”
Dean stands, drags Castiel with him, shoves him over to it. He lands on hands and knees, glancing up at Dean for approval before opening the bag and looking inside. There's a first aid kit.
Dean scoffs, shoving Cas back to the ground and standing up. Cas lies there, breathing ragged breaths into the damp grass. The man takes a few steps away, and Castiel hears the Winchesters conversing. Dean’s voice is harder than his brother’s.
Cas speaks past the blood coating his tongue. “I was covering my eyes,” he whispers. Sinuses stinging with fresh tears. “It was too bright.”
He thinks about everything Dean does to him. What he ever did to deserve it. By now, he's an experienced sexual assault victim. He knows what it feels like to have a grown-up hand sneak under the blanket and down his underwear in the middle of the night. He knows to hate himself and he knows that Dean doesn't care if he does. So he puts his hands where he doesn't want them and he puts his tongue where it shouldn't be and he moans pretty like he's supposed to, when he's supposed to, the way Dean likes. And if he ever fights back (only every once in a while, the fight is leaking out if him day by day), he gets punished.
Because he can imagine what it's like. Back pinned against the stone floor, legs pushed apart and up. Everything forcing and pulling and tearing and heavy. Dean on top of him.
And it looks like-
, he'd make it say.
Four hours or maybe twenty minutes later, Sam comes into his room. Dean wakes as soon as the door opens because of course he does. He sits up, reaches a hand out for Sam, wishes the kid didn't have to cry so much.
When Cas wakes up, he doesn’t know where he is.
. Instead he just lets Cas curl up against him and fall asleep.
Please, god,
He drops to his knees.
"I don't want any blood left on my floor, understand?"
shivering now. His teeth are clenched and on the verge of chattering, and he couldn't relax his jaw if he tried. Rubbing his arms doesn't help, moving around improves nothing, and breathing warm air into his palms is completely useless.
Cas starts to ask where they’re going, but Dean shoots him a look that tells him he doesn’t have the right to ask that question. Sam hands him back a water bottle and a jacket that looks like Dean’s. Cas assures them he isn’t dizzy anymore, and he doesn’t have a headache. Despite some sluggishness, confusion, and shot nerves, he feels no lasting effects from the drug. He still doesn’t know what Dean injected him with to get him in the car, and part of him still feels like he’s gonna get in trouble for leaving the bunker. But he squashes that fear as best he can; Dean seems to be in somewhat of a good mood, and Cas doesn’t want to spoil it by whining.
But he's cut off once more as he feels Dean grab his hand and force the fingers back. His knees bend to accommodate the pain, but he can't retract his arm unless Dean lets go. His mouth is open, and there's a cry of pain stuck in the back of his throat that won't come out. Someone once told him that fingers can snap as easily as a carrot.
Sam makes a show of staring out across the bar, searching for a stray listening ear. Then he shrugs. "I don't think any of these shitfaced people are listening, Dean."
Cas won't look at him. He can't. If he does, he'll be scared into submission and he doesn't want that. He leans heavily away; as much as is possible. It's still a chore to breathe, and Dean is shaking him slightly as he speaks.
Intrusive,
There's something in the back of Castiel's consciousness that's starting to push at it, fight the blackness, and he finds that he can bend it out of shape - push it into something thinner - if he really tries. His thoughts come to him in glimpses and shambles.
Makes a fist and hits himself in the face.
"Doin' good, baby," Dean says, and Castiel's eyes flick up to meet his for the first time.
And with that, he leaves. Probably to his room. Cas stands there for a moment, his heart pounding. That could could have gone a lot worse. Like, a lot. In fact, he was expecting it to. That's the thing about Dean: he's unpredictable. His mood can change like the flip of some cruel, cold switch.
He falters, drops his gaze again. But his hand has stopped moving and Dean has to bite his lip to ground himself, keep himself from
Then he puts a hand on Cas's shoulder and shoves.
John looks over at Sam, who just
And then the man stands, his chair scraping back, a dark shape in the shadows that had been invisible before.
First of all,
Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh jesus. This is actually more than Cas can handle.
He's being dragged backwards and he's trying to find his footing, kicking nonsensically, and that's when he starts to scream. He's frantic. He doesn't know what he's screaming; if it's words or just noise, but eventually there's one impossibly large hand clamped hard over his mouth, and an arm snaked across his chest, under his armpits, supporting him from the torso and continuing to drag him back.
Can he? He doesn't think so. It's so easy for Dean to say, but for Cas to do? That's another story. He thinks about the debilitating fear, the incessant paranoia. You can't just shut something like that off with the flip of a switch. Cas is suffering from trauma. Definitely serious, probably permanent. He can't just
"My brothers," he says. "They'll be looking for me. They'll know I'm missing. They... they can track my phone! And they'll find me, and... and..."
It started a million years ago, when Dean was a kid. A fucking kid, chubby-cheeked and motherless and utterly without positive influence, unless John's influence counts as positive (it fucking doesn't). Dean learned - no, he was
Cas swallows, blinks hard to keep the tears in his eyes. If what Dean's saying is true, then that means... oh, god. That means Cas has been here for nearly six months.
It's a rainy day when
Dean has made him do some fucking humiliating things. Things that happen between just the two of them, but burn in Castiel's mind forever. Let me feed you, Castiel. Let me stick my fingers down your fucking throat, Castiel. Tell me you're sorry. Crawl to me, Castiel. Answer me. Look at me, I'm in charge. On your fucking knees.
Dean is carrying something in his arms, and there's a wave of long blonde hair falling down past his arm and blowing in the wind. It's unmistakable. He stops and adjusts whatever it is he's holding, and that's when a limp arm flops down, hanging next to Dean's side, fingers curled slightly but unmoving.
By the time Dean reaches him, Cas is a shaky mess. It took him all of two seconds to fall to his knees and beg forgiveness, beg mercy.
"Nightmare?"
"There you are," he says. Cas cranes his head back, feeling betrayed by the spark he feels deep inside his belly. But then the fingers are gone and Cas clenches around empty space, feeling a deep ache that he's never really experienced before. Dean's hand is still over his mouth, and it's getting a bit hard to breathe.
"How long?" He asks, gaze fixed on the door ahead of him. "How long has this been happening, Sam? Tell me."
"It was never about him, Cas."
Sam Winchester's voice is deep in a way Dean's isn't. Dean's is deep and booming, like lightning cracking through a dry, dusty valley. Sam's is deep and enveloping, like being plunged into the black end of a bottomless lake. Neither is particularly comforting.
He hitches one eyebrow up, staring at Cas like a challenge. Fear and uncertainty are clear on Castiel's face. He locks eyes with Dean, then slowly forces his gaze to meet Sam's.
It's terribly boring, and Cas is miserable. It doesn't take long for the cold to become virtually unbearable-- he's completely exposed, nothing to protect him from the bite of it. A few minutes pass and Cas is
it. He doesn't want those things, but he has them, and he
He obeys Dean to survive. He obeys Dean to avoid being hurt and hit. He obeys Dean so that his face doesn't get shoved under the running tap, cold water pouring down his nose and throat. So that he won't get sweet-smelling smoke blown in his face, making him cough and laugh and feel like jelly in his limbs. So that he won't be blindfolded and restrained, unable to tell where the blade of Dean's knife is going to land next. He obeys Dean so that he'll stop holding his wrist in a vice, an iron grip, threatening to break it if he stares into space for too long.
He must be delirious. That's what this faded, careless feeling is, isn't it? He's losing his sanity.
His fault.
. It sprouted as Dean got older, growing right along with him. John got worse as Dean outgrew his Skechers and overalls, and eventually little Sammy got a taste of it too. The seed finally bloomed when Dean started adopting his fathers' bad habits as his own: when he stole his first wallet, smoked his first cigarette, punched somebody weaker than him for the first time, hit a dog not-quite-on-accident and left it in the middle of the road.
Cas has the decency to look sheepish.
"Now you go."
If the boy's eyes were uncovered, he'd be giving Dean that adorable, confused-and-questioning look. Puppy-dog eyes made brighter with tears. But Dean ignores his confusion, just waits for an answer.
He shakes his head. Dean feels himself smirk, a dry laugh tumbling out of his throat. He'd have thought by now that Cas would know better than to say no to him.
After so, so long, Dean speaks.
"You gotta get past it. You gotta get over yourself. I need you
It's really bad news for Cas, but Dean is living life on the fucking
"You raped me and made me think you'd kill my family if I didn't comply with everything you say."
Two hours later he comes back from wherever he's gone to dispose of the boy - the body - and lays down on the mattress. Cas wraps himself around Dean's solid form, nuzzles his face into his neck like he's a lover and not the man responsible for completely terrorizing him. Cas knows Dean is a terrible person and that he's never going to recover from everything that happened today-- happened because of Dean. So he can't explain why he clings to him like a lifeline, but he does.
He hasn't lost all control. He has to remind himself of that every once in a while. He's still alive. And although sometimes his mind seems disconnected, his thoughts scattered and uncontrollable, Castiel Novak is still flesh and bone and there is still blood rushing through his veins and he can still breathe and blink and shift and sleep. That has to count for something.
His family is on the screen. His brothers, sitting somber on the couch in the living room. Their faces are grim and there's a woman with a microphone.
"Have to show you, baby?" Dean mumbles. "Jog your memory?" But he's already pressing his face into Cas's cheek, his neck. He doesn't dare move.
"Are you scared of me, Cas?" He asks.
"Don't you dare make me the bad guy here," Dean interjects. It's a warning. "This isn't my fault. You made a choice. You could have stuck it out and cooperated."
This is what he should look like, Dean thinks. This is what this little boy was made for. Hell, maybe what all little boys were made for. Put a dick in their mouths and they've suddenly accomplished everything they need to in life. Can't get any prettier, can't be any more useful.
Castiel cringes. He'd forgotten about his little trip through Dean's laundry, and he's unsure how the man will react. He bites his lip, looking off to the side.
Dean clicks his tongue, pitiful, runs his hands over Cas's head and they come to rest at the sides of his face. He's still holding the knife in one hand.
Sam looks concerned. Whether it be for Castiel's comfort or the fact that the boy refuses to speak, Dean can't guess. "Enough," he says. "That's enough, Dean."
Maybe...
"Strip," Dean orders, and he's talking about Cas's underwear.
When Cas finally works up the courage to raise the small stone weight, ready to smash it through the window in pursuit of freedom, Dean can't help but chuckle at the sheer
Good to know.
“He’s awake.”
Cas falls back, catching himself on his elbows. He stares up at Dean, scrambling back until his shoulder blades are up against the wall. Dean stands there, staring at him. His dick fucking aches, because jesus, he was practically done and then Cas had to go and... what is this, anyway? A protest?
Movement somewhere ahead of him. Garbled noise and commotion and rustling and voices and..?
with his brothers on halloween night. Lucifer never believed in censorship, always said that if Cas was old enough to understand something, then he was old enough to view it. So there were no refusals on his part when little Cas climbed up onto the couch and asked
Cas isn't inside the blackness, it's inside of him. It's all he knows.
He isn't stuck down here.
"You've done it again, haven't you?"
Castiel whips around.
"Why did you have me stitch him up if you were just gonna kill him anyway?" He asks, monotonous.
Dean makes him lay down on the floor. Cas tosses Dean’s jacket down and then shimmies onto the floor, curling up as much as possible in the limited space. Sam doesn’t stand up for him, and Cas doesn’t expect him to. Castiel’s face has undoubtedly been plastered on the news for long enough by now that passersby might recognize him. Dean isn’t going to take that risk.
was that?” Dean hisses into Castiel’s ear, his entire body weight pinning Cas to the ground. Down here, everything is impossibly darker.
This one gets nsfw. ALSO: Dean as the narrator! Yay!!
Realization dawns and Castiel’s eyes grow wide. “No,” he says. “No, Dean, please! You misunderstood, I was--”
He keeps remembering the feeling of slippery blood on his fingers, warm flesh giving in to his prodding, the feeling of pushing a needle through someone live and real and definitely feeling it. His stitching was patchwork, maybe hurt even more than the initial stabbing because it wasn't precise, wasn't clean, wasn't quick. It was messy and clumsy and cruel, and Cas will never forgive himself for contributing to that poor boy's suffering before he died.
that.
He lurches forward suddenly, a wave of dizziness ripping through him. He holds his stomach, head hanging off the seat, face close to the floor.
"C... cut me?" He asks, voice small. "How... what does that..?" He's looking up at Dean with tears in his eyes.
Cas screams.
“Dean?” Cas begs. His voice is a question. “Dean, please? I didn’t mean to leave. I-I… I didn’t… please don’t punish me, Dean, I promise I’ve been… I’ve been…”
Cas takes a breath and forces himself to think of something else. It's a hard thing to do, almost physical. His hands leave the sink's edge for the express purpose of pressing hard on either side of his head, squishing the bad memories out.
"He's probably in shock."
A steady stream of tears flows from his eyes as his face contorts in terror and pain. It's sharp, deep, coming from his side, and he can't get away. That's the worst part. That's what's cruel. He can try to escape, but he's pinned down and Dean is there, chasing after him with his cold metal tools, tearing his flesh open like he's already dead and this is an autopsy.
He sneers, a hand flying up to his face. “For fuck’s sake, he’s -
But is that what he is already? When he complies with Dean's orders, is that what he becomes?
As a rather predictable result, Cas was plagued with a stubborn and persistent fear of Norman Bates, and refused to shower with the door shut for weeks afterward. The sounds of Marion Crane being stabbed to death haunted him, even causing him to lose sleep. It was unsettling and scary and gross, and Cas kept imagining a shadowy figure emerging from around the corner and stabbing him when he least expected it. It would sound just like in the movie, screeching violins and all.
Is he freezing from the outside in?
Blank screen.
Cas doesn't necessarily have to have done something wrong to get hurt, right? Not
Sam’s hands are still on Cas and now they’re grabbing at wrists and elbows and trying to force Cas back.
"It's okay to say you liked it, baby. I already know. You practically slept in my back pocket, remember that? Couldn't get close enough..."
Cas begins to cry. He
Cas takes a long breath, nods a little to himself, and wraps his lips around the head of Dean's cock.
Dean swallows, and feels his skin break. He doesn't dare wince. He can hear Sam crying in the corner.
. For a couple weeks after his birthday - the night he was terrorized and raped and shot - Dean layed off, for the most part. Cas retreated into himself: became the mute, unresponsive, depressed zombie that Dean hated so much. He was allowed, mercifully, to rest. Lounge in bed, stay under the covers, sleep his days away. Allowed to recover. And although Cas is so incredibly used to the ordeal of living at Dean’s will by now, there was still a small part of him that couldn’t help but to latch onto that period of relative safety-- the immunity granted to him for two blessed weeks.
“You got ‘im good,” Dean teases. Cas feels his cheeks flush as the brothers watch for his reaction, but then they both start laughing. Almost
"Please," he sobs into the ground. "Please, I'm sorry, I don't want-- I need you to... I'm sorry, please, oh
like. In the back of his mind, he is distantly aware of a dull
. I'm merely giving you some incentive to improve."
"I know we've had a rough start, but it was necessary. If it's okay by you, I can fix that nose and clean the blood off you, then we can see about that duct tape and we'll have a nice, civil conversation." He smiles.
Also some pretty graphic... other stuff.
Fuck. Holy fuck. How did he manage to get in this situation? This is something that only happens in movies. It happens in movies, and books, and on the news to other people. People who live in different places, who Cas will never meet and doesn't care to. It doesn't happen in his town. He never expected it to happen to anyone he knew, let alone himself.
"Have you ever been fucked?" Dean asks, hot breath on Castiel's ear.
and it's a pain that Cas can't comprehend. It's quick and unfair and deep, something internal and incessant that threatens to rip him apart.
Dean raises an eyebrow, doesn't say anything. Cas knows he wants him to go on, so he steels himself and licks his bloodied lips.
But then something rushes to the surface, something that says
Tendons in his arms strain as he pulls on the bonds at his wrists, his toes curling and feet kicking against the attack. His knees slam into the table again and again as he twists and thrashes against his restraints, but in the end it's all useless.
"Then give me a reason not to!" He yells.
In a way, he's not surprised. He's horrified, don't get him wrong. Paralyzed with fear, a cold lighting strike tearing its way through his spine and making him freeze. But he's not surprised.
Dean doesn't respond, which enrages Cas even more.
And he's yelling and they're both crying and the boy is bleeding and making these awful, fucking awful sounds (gonna haunt me, gonna stay with me in my nightmares, Cas thinks) that never relent and never die down and never go away. Dean is laughing from somewhere behind him. But Cas must have scared the boy because he stays still. Grits his teeth when the needle goes in. Closes his eyes when it's done and sobs quietly. Cas can see him striving for deep, calm breaths, but knows he's never gonna get them.
But he can't.
It’s strange to see a grown man giggle, let alone two of them; it’s even more strange when the two men giggling are your captors who’ve just recently drugged you and dumped you in the back seat of their car.
He stares into the freezer, then looks up at Dean with a puzzled look on his face. He doesn't ask any questions, just waits for instruction. Dean lets go of his wrist and instead shoves him forward, hand flat between his shoulder blades.
Dean gets him out of the chair but leaves it in the room.
Dean fucks him into the mattress, lifting his hips for easy access. Cas can do nothing but
Dean grabs his forearm, hoisting him to his feet.
He pushes himself up fully, ignoring the ache in his slowly-waking limbs. When he’s upright, he can see into the front seat. Pitch-black night looms outside the windows, pushing in from all sides. Headlights illuminate a dusty highway, dotted yellow lines speeding by so fast they look continuous. Two silhouettes in the front seat, sitting side by side. Sam and Dean Winchester.
Cas nods, eager for the chance to maybe gain some sympathy from Dean. Prove that his defiant act was provoked, justified.
"No!" He exclaims through his tears, shoving Dean's hand away. "
A sobbing, hiccuping mess. That’s what Cas is.
those," Cas says, sounding rather pathetic. Small. He looks up at Dean again and suddenly there's anger in his eyes.
"I will cut that pretty little mouth of yours, and don't think I won't. I'm trying to have a nice fucking moment, I don't need your disrespect. Got it?"
It happened five days ago, and Castiel is a mess. He can't sleep and he won't eat, and his mind is an endless playback of those horrible, horrible sounds. When he lays down to sleep, he imagines Dean charging into the room with a knife in hand, Bates-style, or using his ridiculously strong hands to grasp and hold and squeeze and
Dean is studying his face, eyes darting across his features, and it feels like a violation.
to you, isn't he? And I'm so terrible? Why don't you ask Sam how many times I fucked him while you were shit-faced on the kitchen floor, Dean?"
No response.
Stay calm, Cas.
He leans down again, this time so Cas can hear his quiet, sinister tone.
The heel of Dean's boot slams down onto Castiel's hand and his words cut short, his mouth agape in shock and pain. No sound comes out.
Through all of it, Cas stays still as a block of wood. Even his breathing is too shallow; there's no rise and fall of his chest to be seen. Dean sits down next to him and lays a hand on his bony shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
thank you very much.
“I know you didn’t,” Dean says, and he sounds exhausted. “You’re not in trouble. Okay? Sam and I took you out to the car ourselves. I know you didn’t leave on purpose.”
"Fuckin' pouring," Dean says as he comes down the stairs. He sheds his jacket, flinging it over the rail with a wet
"Then I'm glad we're on the same page." Dean turns to the container he'd set down earlier. "Right," he says. "You can eat now."
"No." Sam's voice is barely audible. "No, Dean. I mean... sometimes he... does some stuff to
trying to flag the driver down and just didn’t realize it. Because Dean is always right.
"C'mon, Cas. It's right there in front of you. Feel for it."
“It’s never gonna end,” he whispers, so quiet that even Sam doesn’t hear him. “It’s never gonna end, it’s never gonna end, it’s never gonna... Gonna...”
He knows Cas is gonna hate himself in the morning but that's alright; he'll get over it. Dean wants to tell him
"I'm trying to help you!" He pleads. Desperate. If he doesn't do this, he'll die. He will die. He has to let Cas help.
Dean doesn't say anything. He looks down at the glass tumbler in his hand, ice long since melted, and taps his fingers against it so that he doesn't have to think about anything else. He hears a long-suffering sigh come from across the table and briefly considers telling his brother to stop being such a drama queen, but silence seems better.
Dean knows it's true. He knows it.
A sob.
"Don't leave me in here," he says, sounding disbelieving, and sort of betrayed. "You don't have to! It doesn't make sense--"
"Jesus christ, can you calm down? How long is this bullshit act gonna go on for?"
"That's sick," he says. It's not an objection, it's just a fact.
, take until you're cowering underneath me with your legs spread like you want it.
What he did after?
Cas bites his lip. There's something he's not getting, and he knows it. "How am I s'posed to..?"
not giving me everything I need from you. You just don't get it. You're still holding onto the past, when I need you to grow a pair and forget it and devote yourself to
He jerks involuntarily, wincing at the pain it causes in his wrist. He's in suspense, in distress, and he knows that nothing good is about to turn the corner. Sure enough, there are a few more heavy footfalls, and then a towering form appears in the entrance of the room. It's dark, but not dark enough so that Cas can't recognize that deceiving grin. He starts to kick back, a futile attempt to shrink himself further away. His heels slide uselessly on the floor as there's nowhere for him to go. Dean starts to laugh. His shoulders shake with it, and it turns Cas's heart to ice. He stops kicking, frozen.
He looks up again, his face turned to Sam but his approval-seeking eyes flitting toward Dean. “I didn’t mean to hurt you,” he says quietly. “I’m sorry. I was… I was scared.”
The ground is a muted grey, like a painting faded by the low light of the morning. The grass is cold and stiff with frost under his feet, the dirt hard and crumbly. Where once Cas would have seen a pretty, mysterious forest, he now sees ugly, snarled trees: obstacles in his path to liberation, a stretch of land taunting, neverending.
That's what it is, isn't it? It's his room. It's fucking cold and poorly lit and he's chained to a pole going up the wall and he's got nothing but a bare mattress and a pair of boxers, but it's his room.
He rolls over, clawing at his throat. He retches, dry-heaving and managing to scrape in a stubborn breath. His voice is raw as he pants, his head hung low and his stomach convulsing with each gag.
The pain is more than he can actually bear.
Dean raises his gun.
Dean starts to climb.
to care. Stopped
He feels feverish. The first thing he notices is the pressure in his head, like he's been shoved underwater, and he stretches the sleep (drugged sleep, it was a drugged sleep, Dean drugged him) out of his bones. The next thing he notices is that it's dark, and he knows it for sure because his eyes are definitely probably mostly open, but he still can't see very well. Dean has turned the little lightbulb off. The next thing he realizes is that he's not alone.
He sits Cas down on a couch, in front of a tv. Turns it on.
His chair goes crashing to the side and he cries out before he even hits the ground, rendered silent when his head smacks into the hard floor. He groans, his vision going black for a few seconds as Dean drags him back up. When he's upright again, his head hangs, chin to chest. He feels blood start to drip from some unseen gash on his forehead, down the side of his face, down his neck. He tries to speak but it comes out as a pitiful moan. Makes Dean laugh.
God, he misses them. The weird texts he used to send to Gabe. Homework help from Michael, who was patient and always taught a little bit more than he needed to. Luci, who he never got along with the best, but who always had the best interest of the family in mind and did what he had to to keep them afloat. He misses the quiet nights, the four of them each doing their own thing but being comfortable in each other's company. He misses begging Lucifer for a dog and labeling his food in the fridge lest Gabe eat it all and stealing shirts from Michael's drawer when his were all dirty. Fighting for the hot water in the mornings, going out for drives in the middle of the night just to show each other the good music they'd discovered recently. He'd kill for the chance to have one more night with them. One more night to tell them goodbye, and he loves them, and he's sorry.
“Shit,” Dean mumbles, irritated, and finally he pulls the car over to the side of the road.
and Dean just raises his eyebrows.
"You can end this, Cas. Isn't this what you want? Don't you
is pink.
Cas can't breathe. He really, really can't. He looks up at Dean with shock evident in his features, eyebrows turned up.
Sam lets a long breath out through his nose. "Dean, I can't help you if I don't know exactly what it is we're dealing with here."
He finishes his drink and sets it down on the desk next to him, taking the opportunity of a free hand to smooth down Cas's hair.
Cas forces himself to open his mouth. Tries and fails not to taste any of the come coating his lips, tries and fails not to gag.
"Enough monologuing," Dean spits. "I never claimed to be perfect. This is about your mistakes, Castiel, not mine." Then he says, "give me one reason why I shouldn't kill you right here, right now."
He can hear Dean behind him but still he runs, the numbness in his limbs telling him
! I... I hate you. I fucking
Let this happen.
"Cas, buddy, if you're out there... If you're somehow hearing this... we love you. We're not gonna stop looking for you."
Dean takes the first few steps into the room, and Cas knows his boots must be steel toes. He stands over Cas, looking down on him like he's a puppy kicked to the curb. He may as well be.
"...I want to go home. I want to see my family, please, you have to let me go! I... I won't tell anyone. I won't. I promise I--"
to be close to him. He bites his lip, holding back a whine of complaint, and tries his luck again. This time his arms are slung around Dean's neck and he slumps against him, practically hanging. He stands on tiptoes and inches himself closer to Dean, even though that's impossible. His grip is desperate and it's like he's pressing forward all the time, pushing further into Dean's body heat, holding himself against the feeling of a warm body.
and other hippie bullshit. He sees it in the way Sam locks his jaw down tight; the way his eyes dart between the boy on the bed and Dean himself. They'll need to talk, alone. Privately. For now, though, Dean has other issues to deal with.
"So what the hell am I supposed to do about it?"
His dad's car is in the driveway. Dean feels a tightening in his chest, because he didn't expect John back in town at least until Monday, and this means he and Sam have been alone in the house together for who knows how long? Sam's scared of their father, has every right to be, and John hates it. No way of telling the fucking arguments those two have already managed to get into while Dean was at work. When he gets through the front door he can tell something is off, and he thinks maybe it's the smell. Garbage? Has anyone taken the garbage out lately? A look over to the kitchen tells him no. He smears half-congealed motor oil across his forehead with one dirtied forearm, takes a deep breath and inhales Sam and old wood and whatever alcohol John's trailed in behind him tonight. He's tying up the garbage bag when he stops, because that's the other thing. Sam hasn't come to see him yet.
Sitting still on the shoulder of the highway with both Winchester brothers staring sternly back at him (one with a squeezed-shut, bleeding eyelid), Castiel casts his eyes downward. Their gaze is scrutinizing, and instantly he feels like a child being reprimanded for a supermarket outburst. He huffs, trying to regain control over his breathing. He realizes he’d started crying in his panic, as small hiccups now interrupt the silence.
He'd tried to protect his brother from it all, protect him from turning out the same as him, but there was only ever so much he could do. He tried and failed, and so protector became bystander, and bystander became perpetrator, and perpetrator became partner in crime.
He still has to earn the privilege of being upstairs full-time, and he's trying. It's hard and humiliating and wrong and it goes against everything he's ever stood for, but god help him, he's trying to please Dean. After all, he's not sure how much more he can take of that basement.
Cas has done this before and it shows in the way he sits back on his heels, licks his lips, steadies himself with one hand on Dean's thigh.
"You've broken the trust we spent so long building up, Cas. I can't just let you get away with that."
Dean completes the code, pulling open the first door and then striding through the second, which Cas left open in his haste. His boots tread over broken glass and then grass and then dirt as he stalks after his prey. It's a manhunt, and Dean has the upper hand.
"I was wrong," Cas insists. "I was just confused! I'll... I'll try. I can try, Dean, I'll be better--"
"If you weren't running before, you'd better start now," comes the gruff voice from behind him.
There's more. There's a whole report on him, interviews with police officers and images of his missing shoe in a plastic bag labelled "evidence".  But Cas is barely paying attention. All he can think about are his brothers, and when it's done Dean turns the tv off.
Doesn't know what's in store.
, dig his fingers into the muscles of Dean's back and press back his own cries.
Five minutes have passed since the flash of grace, and Sam barely caught his brother before he toppled off the chair and onto the floor. He seated Dean on the bed’s edge, so at least if he tips over there's a fifty-percent chance he'll land on something soft.
Castiel is on the F-train when he sends off the text. The lockscreen on his phone tells him it's 11:37pm. He tries to justify why he lingered at the bar after Dean left; partly out of indecision, but mostly because the more he drank, the more he ran up Dean's tab. If he's lucky, he'll get home and asleep just in time to hate himself in the morning; in addition to practice, they've also got an evening performance somewhere important.
Cas is a smart kid. He uses his common sense where and when it's due. "I... I don't think so. Thanks, though. I'll just... wait til morning, I think."
Cas is expecting to be hit, but Dean just clicks his tongue.
"I... Dean."
When he was a toddler, and he'd have tantrums, Lucifer would pick him up and drag him away with strength that he couldn't ever hope to beat. It frustrated him, because it wasn't fair that there was someone so catastrophically stronger than him.
"Dean, please," he chokes out, his hands gripping the man's shoulders as Dean sucks hickeys into his skin. "L-let's do something else."
There are lips on the side of his neck and Cas tilts his head to the side instinctively, closing his eyes and praying for this to be over.
Finally. He's given up. Decided Cas isn't worth the fight. He starts out of the car, leading with his torso, and that's when Dean slams the door back in his face. He slouches back, pain exploding everywhere, everywhere. He thinks of Gabriel, and everything goes dark.
"You know I can't stand it when you mumble, Cas."
"What's the matter, Cas?" And Dean's voice is patronizing. "Just a few nights ago, you seemed to like doing it. Don't you remember? Show me how much you liked it, sweetheart."
Over pink lips sealed tight.
Two minutes later and Cas is groaning through his teeth. It's not guttural or deep, but tearful and high-pitched and whiny. It comes in bursts. The poor kid is trying to hold it back, but he can't.
, Cas," Dean coos. "So fuckin' hot, baby."
This may seem like a filler chapter but I actually really love it and it's important!
Dean's looking straight at him, deliberate and grinning, and Cas knows it's a test-- one that he's already failing. He casts his eyes downward, unable to look at that evil face any longer. He's standing close, at least. He was brave enough to do that, but was it really? Was it really enough?
"If you let me cut you, I won't make you put my dick in your mouth."
Dean doesn't say anything, just rocks them back and forth a bit. Cas watches a stream of blood go down the drain in the floor.
He goes back up the stairs, and by now he feels sick. Light-headedness is a common occurence under Dean's control, but this time it's almost too much. He gives his head a shake, forcing a small, steady breath out through his pursed lips.
"My brother wants to help you."
Cas is pattering around in his bare feet and boxers, small shoulders shaking visibly even in the dark. It took him five minutes just to climb the stairs leading up from the basement, as he kept stopping to listen for Dean-- and have multiple small panic attacks. Dean was sure in those moments that the kid would scurry back down and tuck himself in, but he stuck it out and eventually made it all the way upstairs.
Cas sighs in relief. He lets his head hang, running two hands down his face as the panic settles. Then he smells the blood underneath his fingernails. His stomach tightens, and in his head he kicks himself because this is yet another thing to apologize for. Dean’s probably so disappointed.
Don't ask Cas what he's feeling. Just don't.
"I need you to shut the fuck up and cooperate, or I swear to god, I'll put your nose back the way it was."
, Dean," John says, and pink spit flies off his lips, lands on Dean's cheek.
It's dead silent in the room. Dean's gone stock-still, and there's this feeling like all the oxygen's been sucked out of him. He has to remind himself to loosen his grip on Sam's hand a little, and his next words are measured. Trembling, but controlled.
He opens his mouth and then very quickly shuts it again. Lets out a little
Dean tugs a bit on his hair. Another warning.
Cas pushes himself into a half-sitting position, staring up at Dean and looking a little disgruntled at having been woken up. It's adorable.
"What does this have to do with my house?"
"Look at it," he says.
from their father. But Dean's not gonna take a thing from Sam, not in
He's trying to conjure up some feeling, some remorse or guilt or hatred or sadness or
"Yeah, I know."
As Dean moves away from the car, Cas has to do a double take.
and caresses him and strokes his cheek and presses soft kisses to his lips. And he likes it.
" he says darkly, thumbing at his tongue.
Cute.
"How'd they die?"
"Dean," Sam chides. "We've talked about this. You can't just keep... acting on your instincts every time you get the urge. I mean, that's what this is about, right? That's why you called? What did you do this time?"
and then spends a couple minutes crying because he feels guilty.
Dean nods, seems to be mulling over the tragedies in his mind. He looks a little dazed, like he's lost in his own thoughts; revelling in the idea that the little boy in front of him is broken and grief-stricken and feeling guilty. After a while he seems to come back to reality, Cas hears him clear his throat.
"Eventually, I'll even let you upstairs. You won't be chained up. You can walk around freely. Don't you want that?" Dean is grinning like he's the most gracious, most amazing person on the planet. Like he's Willy Fucking Wonka and Cas is a poor kid eating boiled cabbage. Like Cas should sing his praises. Look up to him. Love him.
"Would you like me to uncuff you?"
He immediately lets out a rush of air, mouth hanging open as he breathes. He's licking his lips, probably trying to get some moisture back on his tongue. Dean holds his face in his hands, leans down, and kisses him. Cas has to let it happen, sort of welcomes it, actually. It's the least sexually invasive thing Dean's done to him in days.
No radios, either. No computer. One laptop he found sitting on a table once, but it had a password and Dean mocked him when he caught him trying to decipher it. Then, when the mocking was done, he slammed his head into the table and told him not to test his luck.
"You ready, baby?" Dean asks, as if Cas has the option to say no.
Cas can see nothing but tables and chairs, shelves of books, hard floor and shadow. He's holding the paperweight out in front of him, feeling like he's about to throw up. Dean might strangle him, or throw him over the railing, or beat him to death, or worse.
The air is soupy and he knows he's still gonna have his brother's sweat on him by the time he gets to the shop. Sam's getting to that age where he's hanging off of Dean every chance he gets because he's fucking tiny and he can, and Dean doesn't have the heart to tell him that acting childish and clingy like that isn't cute, it's annoying as fuck. Okay, sure. Sam has kind of always been like this, and Dean can cut him some slack. Given the way they were raised, close quarters and no privacy and seeking shelter in whatever form of physical affection they could score, he's not surprised. He gets it, really. It's just that lately - the past year, really - the kid has been stuck to Dean like fucking glue and he really wishes he would cut it out every once in a while. Right now, he's pressed himself close to Dean, twelve years old and shiny with perspiration and holding his brother's waist as if that'll actually keep him from walking out the door. But Dean has to work, Bobby needs him, so he pries Sam off and leaves with the smell of little kid on his skin.
"...No," he says, after some hesitation. As soon as he says it, he knows he shouldn't have lied.
And this? This fucking
Then, of course, there's the bullet wound. Dean knows his way around a needle and some suture thread, but even then, he's not a professional surgeon. On Castiel's right side is a sizable mass of gnarled pink scar tissue, sitting just under his ribcage. The whole length of his torso is red and green with the aftermath of some pretty bad bruising. Cas curls in toward his side instinctively as he sits, as if protecting the vulnerable part of him from the men in the room. But even as he sits with those wide, vacant eyes clinging to Dean and Sam where they stand, he doesn't speak. He is a silent building, abandoned years ago, the support beams inside the empty cavern of his chest cracking and crumbling into more and more dust with every day that passes.
"Good. You have to keep being a human, Cas. Can you promise me you'll do that? I need you getting enough sleep, I need you
Just as they reach the cover of the trees, just as they cower down, just as Dean pulls Cas into his chest and slams a hand over his mouth, using his other hand to shove a gun into his ribs, Cas sees a car come over the hill down the road. He's instantly sobered from whatever hilarious, dizzying insanity spell he experienced a second ago, the reality of the situation crashing down on him. A car is coming toward them, toward the exact spot they were laying mere moments ago. If the driver looks hard enough, they'll see blood on the road.
"Fuck you," Cas spits.
And so he stays. Never leaving, never changing, never doing anything about this life.
"Get up."
," and he sounds so pathetic he can't stand it.
at that. Nice pants. Cuff links. The whole deal. Nothing quite like a nice degrading power imbalance to really show someone their place.
, so he ties a basic shoe-lace knot and it takes him a long time because everything is wet and slippery and red and unable to be made out. Dean hasn't said a word, and the boy is unable to. All he can do is try to push Cas away, which he does to no avail. Cas can't blame him, not really. He's been raped and stabbed and sewn shut all in under twenty minutes and he must be desperate for the pain to end. But Cas still has one stab wound to care for.
Cas thinks about how Dean punishes him like a parent might. Like he has the right to hit him. Thinks about how the two of them are, arguably, strangers, and Dean still slaps him when he does something wrong like it's teaching him, training him. It's weird. Cas hates it.
Dean grabs his chin with a firm grip, lifts his head up so they're facing each other. Holds him in place. Cas closes his eyes, breathing heavy through his nose. It's different from five days ago. Five days ago, Cas wasn't in his right mind. He wasn't thinking. He kissed Dean because he was vulnerable and helpless and had been deprived of a soft touch for so long, but it's different now. He knows better now. The man in front of him is terrifying, dangerous, someone Cas couldn't be paid to kiss. Not like he has a choice.
And he has to keep doing it until everything's eaten.
The two of them are still fighting against each other, that much is clear. There's still all the sounds from earlier, whimpers and cries that seem muffled or scared or quiet for some other reason. Cas sees Dean lift an arm back, sees that cruel fist being curled, and flinches as it's brought down.
Cas is still screaming, and it turns into a pitiful moan as he's slammed against the frame of the passenger side door. He slumps down, his back leaning against the seat, his knees hitting the asphalt.
Every time Dean drags him down there again he realizes more and more how much he hates it, how badly he longs to stay out. With each time Dean grabs his upper arm and starts pulling him toward that fateful flight of stairs, he fights a little bit harder not to go. Once in his panic, stumbling over his own feet as Dean manhandled him toward the basement, Cas slammed a closed fist against the man's chest three times in a row before being stopped, and
"What's that, angel? I couldn't hear you."
it earns him brownie points with Cas, because after the pain comes the comforting and that's what's gonna make Cas fall for him. The gentle touches and the kind words and the praise and the aftercare.
He feels nothing.
It looks like-
"Look, if I'd known he'd act like this, I wouldn't have shot the kid."
"You really think that?" Dean says, a smile playing at his lips.
Instead he says, "Get over here," and points to the ground in front of him. Cas starts to stand up but Dean stops him with a wave of his hand. "Crawl. I want you on your knees."
of his fingers dislocating-- or maybe they're breaking. He can't tell, but either way, they'll be crooked for the rest of his forsaken life. The scream that comes out of his throat is patchy and guttural, and he knows he'll have no voice by the time Dean finally kills him.
In the last five days, he can't tell how much he's slept. Besides that first night, when he was exhausted, mentally and emotionally compromised, unstable... he's hardly slept through a night. Much like with
He's tied to a chair. Dean's brought a chair down and tied him to it and now, for some godforsaken reason, he's taking photos like Cas is a model for some fucked up, deep web torture porn magazine. He can see the headline now:
"I... I can't... I'm
, Cas."
Without a word, Dean stands and grabs the boy's upper arm. Then's he's dragging him into the bathroom and lifting him onto his knees. He shoves him forward so his chest is pressed against the edge of the toilet, and it hurts. Dean is right behind him, chest pressing against his back, and Cas gives a little sob as Dean puts one hand on his forehead and pulls his head back. Then the fingers of his other hand are in his mouth again, except this time they're pushing pushing pushing,
as you."
It's dark. Pitch black, actually. There's nothing to see and nothing to do and nothing to focus on but the chill seeping into his bones; settling into the nooks and crannies of him. Cas can think of nothing but how badly he wants to feel warmth again. It aches, the sensation of it aches. It's piercing and controlling and Cas wants to succumb to it. His blood has stopped running, his thoughts have stopped forming, all he knows is what it means to be cold. Frosty the fucking snowman, except his name is Cas and he's a human being and there's no magic in this story. Every muscle in his body is involuntarily tensed, shivering almost violently by the time the door opens again. It feels like it's been five seconds and five hours all at once. Castiel's brain is fried - no, totally frozen - and time doesn't matter anyway, when you can't escape a feeling like ice in your bones.
The thing is, he doesn't. Dean is well aware that he's not what most people would call a "good person", and he doesn't give two shits.
But he can hear.
Hello I'm back and I'm here to tell you that you're gonna get what you came here for in the first place with the next chapter! ;) be patient my loves
He clears his throat, feeling stupid and scared. Tries it a little louder.
Or maybe... maybe it's hunger.
It wouldn't work, anyway. Dean'd just get mad before he could even get a swing in and overpower him like always and actually Cas would prefer to
Another quick glance at Dean (to make sure he doesn't get hit or pinched or shot), and Castiel opens his mouth.
Cas takes in a few deep breaths through his nose, steadying himself, and then brings his hand up the shaft of Dean's cock. Squeezes just the right amount, and Dean
And by that point Cas is stewing in embarrassment and shame.
Dean draws the boy forward and slams him back against the frame of the vehicle. Cas groans, tasting blood as the movement causes him to bite his lip.
"Help me," he whispers, and his shoulders convulse with sobs.
to prove Cas wrong.
Everything's coming up Dean. He's got a system. It works. And the best part? He doesn't have to follow it if he doesn't want to. He doesn't need a fucking reason to hurt Cas, he doesn't need to explain himself. Doesn't have to answer to fuckin' anybody. He can put off Cas's rape, draw it out as long as he fuckin' wants, make him wonder when it's gonna happen. And at the same time, he can force him to go down on him until he's clawing for air. And what's Cas gonna do? Overpower him? Talk him out of it? Come up with an ultimatum? It's unlikely.
Cas thinks, then laughs quietly to himself because he hasn’t worn a pair for six months. He takes the moment to appreciate being outside. The
"... He's alive, but I fucked everything up. He got out--" Dean hears Sam's breath catch in his throat. "--and I went after him. Hurt him bad. Shot him in the side, and I--"
Dean isn't of this fucking earth. He'll get away with it. Nobody will ever, ever catch him. Nobody will ever, ever rescue Cas.
that indicates his discomfort, and then closes his eyes again and allows his head to fall back against the floor. Completely defeated. He can't do shit about this and he knows it.
Six months? That doesn't sound right. It can't have been. A few weeks, maybe. A month, month and a half at most. But six? It's not possible. This must be a trick, another way for Dean to send Cas into shambles just so he can pick up the pieces and build them back up into his own twisted version of the boy again. That has to be it.
"Why don't you call for help again?" Dean suggests. He doesn't sound angry, but
"You didn't fight me before, Cas. In fact, you initiated it."
He would, Dean thinks. And if he doesn't, he'll learn to.
Soon enough, he figures out how to reach himself through the blanket of blackness. He finds himself amidst it all and pulls hard on the strings connecting soul to body, cringing when some of them snap and become fly-aways. And then he's shifting back into his own body and some primal instinct deep inside him tells him to open his eyes.
starts to cry. Uses Dean's t-shirt to muffle the sound. Dean clicks his tongue, holds the back of Sam's head and rubs little circles on his back because what else can he do?
about it. Girls and their emotions and shit. So Dean told her to knock it off and drop the subject before she killed the mood and when she didn't, he got up and walked out, leaving her on Barbie bedsheets with her blouse unbuttoned around her waist and her purity ring sitting on the bedside table. He hasn't talked to her since.
Dean's voice is raised now - he's almost yelling - and paired with Castiel's desperate, angry pleas, it serves to escalate the chaos in the room. Raise the stakes. Put fear in Cas's heart.
Cas starts to pull on the man's arm, trying to make him let go of his chin. When that doesn't work, he pushes against his chest. It's all fruitless.
One of Sam's fingers reaches out and rests on Dean's knuckle, stopping him from carrying on.
Finally Castiel sets his palms flat against the mattress, and Dean watches as he pushes himself up, elbows and shoulders jutting out like he's a zombie building himself back up from bones. When he's sitting up at last, the sheet slides off his little torso and Dean can
Cas is breathing rather heavily through his nose, still leaning his head against Dean's legs as he thrusts. It can't be comfortable, but friction is friction is friction. Another minute or so and he's groaning through the cloth, movements becoming jerky as he coats Dean's laces with come.
, Cas, I don't know what I'm gonna do with you if you let yourself become this... mess."
The bullet hole in his side.
"Mh-hm," Cas manages, staring right back up at Dean through heavy-lidded eyes. Dean lets go.
"You wanna tell me about it?" He asks, thinking about Jenna and her stupid need to
The legs stop kicking, but the whimpers continue.
One of his sneakers falls off. Cas watches it recede, sitting motionless on the road as he's falling, falling, falling back.
with Dean. he doesn’t
And he raises Cas's hands, forcibly lifting them up and up, until they're pressed against Dean's throat.
He dreams of a girl in a ditch. She’s reaching out to him, but when their hands touch, his fingers crumble into dirt. He watches as her blonde whips in the wind, wraps around her throat, and strangles her until she’s not screaming anymore. On the road just past the ditch, headlights flash past.
Cas gives a tight-lipped smile. "Castiel," he says, and is greeted with the same reaction he always gets.
It's been a while since he's seen those.
"Why don't you fucking kill me, Castiel? Why don't you? Go on."
Cas is out of the car before he has time to process any of it, panic fluttering in his chest like he's a kid with a crush and the butterflies are trying to kill him. He leaves the passenger door open and all he knows is that his feet are pounding, pounding, pounding against the pavement. He can't know for sure what he saw. But he sure as hell knows what it
Thud.
Cas groans, teeth clamped shut and bared. As Dean starts to thrust in and out, his sobs become more and more rhythmic.
"Take me back. Take me back
"You need to learn some
How about get him the fuck out of here, asshole?
"Look at me, Castiel. Look at me!"
Might as well be.
what Cas has got to
Cas steps back, lets his shoulder hit the wall. Continues to stare at the floor, rubs at his eyes a little.
They go into a room, a bedroom, lit with a dim yellow light that seems almost natural. Cas can't be sure, though. He has no idea what the sun looks like anymore. There's a desk and some shelves and a bed with dark grey covers, but that's all Cas has time to take in from over Dean's shoulder before he's dropped.
"What is it?"
He slumps, shoulders shaking slightly, pathetic little moans coming from the back of his throat.
Before they pull off the shoulder, Dean turns toward the back seat and holds a piece of fabric out to Cas. Taking it, Cas realizes it’s a pillowcase. Black. Not quite opaque, but solid enough that he won’t be able to see through it. He frowns, looking up at Dean like
"Cas," Dean says, voice booming overtop of both Cas's panicked murmuring and the boy's just-been-stabbed cries of pain. "You need to focus. I don't know why you let that happen, Cas, but what's done is done."
Sooo yeah I'm back! I can't make any promises as to regular intervals of updates or anything, but at least now you know I haven't completely abandoned this fic, right..? The next chapter or two will be much more juicy. I wanted to write this one as a sort of warmup to get you and I back into the flow of things. As always, thanks for sticking with me!
Sometimes Cas analyzes his behaviour and thinks,
Cas has a pit in his stomach and he doesn't want to roll over, doesn't want to see what's happening. He knows it can't be good, and he doesn't think he can handle this much trauma in one day. He rolls over anyway.
He doesn't want Cas to deteriorate. He wants him to take care of himself, which would be hilarious if it weren't so grim.
"No. That's not the case."
Cas is still moaning, whimpering behind his hood as he grits his teeth and cradles his hand. Sam is careful not to touch the area, instead stroking Castiel’s hair through the pillowcase. The boy curls up on the seat, too shocked to cry anymore. His shoulders and hands are shaking, and he rakes in deliberate, laboured breaths. Wordlessly, Dean gets behind the wheel, slams the door shut, and shifts into drive.
Dean stares at him. "You want me to go get you a goddamn
Icy talons sink into his chest, cutting deep into the bone, lead weight crushing his lungs. The more he fights, the tighter they clutch, dull pain bleeding deeper and deeper through him. Dean can't
They slow as they forge deeper; the demons here are old and do not scare so easily. This is not the first time they have seen God's warriors, and they do not show fear. They fight back, ruthless and reckless. Castiel sees some of his brothers and sisters fall. He will miss them, and he may eventually join them, but it's unimportant. Only the mission matters, and Castiel has no doubt they will succeed; Michael is with them, and he is less a being than a force — not of Nature, but of God, blinding and fierce and a finality. He can do this alone, if he must, but Castiel is honored to lead his garrison with the archangel.
"Tell me you understand, Cas."
Dean is straddling his hips as he writhes on the ground. He's uncuffed the boy's ankle and used the cuff instead to restrain both hands above his head. Pulled the chain taut so he can't move around as much as he'd like to. Dean is watching the tip of his knife dip into soft skin every now and then, dragging down when it needs to. It's a small knife, something that'd been tucked into his back pocket, which makes for easy control. And it's sharpened, of course. Dean's father taught him nothing if not how to take care of his weapons.
Dean lifts the phone and takes a picture, praises Castiel for cooperating.
remember?"
And yeah, alright,
"What the fuck," Sam says, and Dean agrees. They're all wings-out and in full armor, and even burned and broken from the fall, it's an impressive sight. Hannah is carrying a goddamned
"I kind of have a big favor to ask." Sam scrubs a hand through his hair.  "When's the last time you went to confession?"
Dean remembers cold. "Not much."
By the time he's exchanged cash for keys from the half-blind old man behind the desk, Bela's parked her bike at the side of the building. She eyes the place in disgust. "Would it kill you Neanderthals to get a five-star hotel once in a while?"
"Touché. Tell you what," Crowley decides to change gears, "why don't you go explore for a while? Feel yourself out, then we'll talk. Take a little demonic honeymoon. See the sights, wrong some rights. It's a Brave New World."
The man is shaking the entire time Dean leads him out to the car, pops the hood, and points wordlessly to the box. Human or not, Bela's witch friend isn't able to move it any more than the rest of them because Sam isn't an idiot — the entire thing is crafted out of cold iron coated in salt. Just standing too close to it makes Dean's skin itch. The random pedestrian struggles with the weight, but manages to lift the box and take it inside, and deposits it onto a table in one of the backrooms Keung led them too.
all of a sudden you give a shit?"
"Cas,
"Why do you sound like I just ran over your dog?"
It's dark and the air is ripe with the pungent scent of incoming rain. Heavy black clouds roil overhead, suffused with pink lines of energy. The thunder crashes in time with the lightning, filling the sky with noise. A blast of wind shoves itself down the empty driveway, creating tiny tornadoes of leaves and refuse. They die as quickly as they spring to life, over and over again, an endlessly shifting constellation of debris.
"And your point is...?"
Castiel briefly considers throwing Balthazar's iPhone in the fountain.
"That's a damn shame, 'cause I could really use
Castiel turns again to find himself looking up a guy that wouldn't look out of place dressed in leather and straddling a Harley. Maybe he's stashed the leather jacket; he's wearing a dark henley, sleeves rolled up, exposing a couple of tattoos. A large skull with crossed-rifles catches Castiel's eye,
about me. This is about Dean, it's — it's about the mark, and whatever the fuck Crowley is up to, he — "
"Something like that." She doesn't elaborate, or acknowledge the pun. He isn't sure which annoys him more. "You look like you lost a fight with a meat grinder."
." It doesn't seem to discourage Dean, eyes darkening at the challenge. "But that isn't to say you haven't earned something," Crowley continues with a smirk as he slips past.
find this body attractive," and it's closer than
," Dean snaps.
The first poor bastard to move gets decapitated. It won't kill him, but it'll slow him down. Looks like they were smart enough not to bring an angel blade, but there's dozens littered around the bunker — and once he gets the blade, he won't need anything else.
," he says again, laughing like he can't quite believe it. He extends his wings, stretching, letting them soak up the sun's rays. "I could use you up there. I'm no good at the day-to-day shit. Michael was a tyrant, but at least he kept the place going, and it was never
There's so much more Dean can become, if he can truly let that old part of himself go. The part that cares to a damn fault, that shoulders the blame for every injustice he doesn't have the power to stop and every wrong he can't right. The part crippled by guilt and shame, stupid notions of what's right and wrong and
But Cas isn't done. "I'm not intoxicated," he says. "I'm not confused or a prisoner or unable to communicate, or otherwise incapable of consent. And I'm definitely not underage," he adds, and there's a hint of a smile there.
make?"
Sam flinches, and Dean's smile grows. It hurts because it's true, and truth seems to be Dean's weapon of choice. Even tied down and powerless, he knows exactly where to cut to inflict the most pain and simultaneously leave Sam intact to draw it out as long as possible.
me. The me that knows what I want, and isn't afraid to take it." He blinks and his eyes slide back. His fingertips drag light and slow against Castiel's throat. "It means everything to me."
"There isn't a manual for this," Dean bites out. "It's not a fucking twelve-step program on how to be
Something
The grip of the angel grounds him, eases the pressure, clears the fog clouding his head. Cas doesn't speak, just holds on as Dean inhales and lets it out slow, realigns with gravity and opens his eyes to darkness.
The angels laid siege and Dean took up arms with the demons, stood his ground when he was cornered. For three decades he withstood every torment Alastair threw at him, until pain and pleasure blurred and Dean couldn't tell them apart. For ten years, he ripped souls to pieces trying to forget it, to redefine that line, to carve out the part of him that cared with every slice of Alastair's blade.
He wanders back into the bedroom without remembering to dress, and finds Cas sitting on the edge of the bed, wearing one of the spare pair of jeans from his go-bag and an old t-shirt with a logo too faded to read. He's tugging on his boots and looks up when Dean moves past him to the other side of the bed, digging around in the go-bag by the window for a pair for himself.
"Over my dead body." Dean says, then rolls his eyes. "Then I'll come back as a goddamn vengeful spirit and haunt the place."
"Sorry," Dean says, in-between giggles, thumbing tears out of his eyes. "It's just, when I said lube, oil, filter, I meant for the
, and Dean nearly trips out of his pants as Cas pushes him backwards, trapped tight inside a tornado of black feathers.
, Dean. Seriously."
Castiel can see the long line of Dean's body jerk as his joints stiffen, can feel the panic bloom and spread down his limbs even as Dean forces a scoff. "You know I wasn't — "
. Not that I mind in this case, but — "
"But, uh," Dean fumbles with the gear lever and the words, almost reversing back into the garage door, "I can show you a couple things. If you want."
Dean says "Shut up," because it's his go-to for stupid questions that don't deserve answers.
The hallway is empty, but full of echoes from people up and about doing things. He nearly collides with some kid on the way to the kitchen, and steps out of the way when two women open the door.
"I come in peace," Gabriel says, raising his hands and wings as one in a gesture of surrender. "Don't shoot the messenger."
Well, screw it. If Sam's gotta be the fucking adult, so be it.
Sam. Damn, that kid must be out of his mind right about now. Dean has the fleeting impulse to go back, to assure Sam that hey, sure, he might be dead, but that doesn't mean he's
"That's your objective opinion, is it?" she asks. "Who're you to decide which is which?"
"It doesn't have to be like this." Lightning strikes outside as Cas moves closer, and Dean gets a flash of something else, a shadow of the being beyond the vessel, a sliver of grace and skeletal wings and charred feathers. "It's not too late to fix this."
right. Hester, Alastair, Uriel — your brother is a
Cas regards him quietly for a moment before looking away, picking at the hem of his t-shirt. "You said the purpose of extracurricular intercourse is to experience a deeper level of intimacy."
He's not bad-looking, either, insofar as Sam will allow himself to judge, dressed in a dark suit and waistcoat, shirt sleeves rolled down to expose muscular forearms. Neatly-combed black hair frames bright blue eyes that Sam doesn't really appreciate eyeballing Jess, thanks much, but Sam should be used to it by now because Jess is a bit of a bombshell. He feels better when Waistcoat takes himself back to the stage, and Sam slings a possessive arm around his wife.
) before looking back down. Cas is pacing, which is actually weirder than the topic at hand. "If it was all just about making babies, half the porn wouldn't be gay, so," and, yep, that just came flying right out of his mouth without any warning whatsoever.
with that," Krissy mutters, and hurries after him.
"Okay, look," Sam says, taking the seat opposite. "It's been a long fucking week, and you're — I mean, I get it, I guess? But what does that have to do with — "
"His nightmares don't come as often as they used to," Cas says, and Sam wonders if it should bother him how quickly Cas picked up on that. He turns his attention back to the pie. "And when they do, I can discourage them."
Cas whips around, fear gripping his heart. He presses his bare back to the cold metal of the door behind him, eyes so wide it hurts as he scans the dark entry hall beneath the railing. Dean's here, he has to be. That laugh was too real.
sound begins down the road. A split second after Cas hears it, the road to his right starts to light up. Cas turns toward the approaching headlights at the same time Dean starts heading toward him. The car’s still far away - the road is flat - and the headlights haven’t reached them yet. But they’re bright, especially in the middle of a dark, forested highway, and Cas brings a hand up to shield his eyes from the brightness of it.
He goes for more thread and the boy groans, shoves at Castiel's hands as soon as they come near him again.
“Jesus
Every now and then Dean hits that same spot as before and it feels sinful, something that Cas might enjoy if the circumstances were different. But right now it's just intrusive, an overstimulation.
"I'm not gonna fucking break!" Dean shouts.
"You're welcome." Benny shakes his hand and gives Gabriel the first genuine smile Castiel's seen. "You look familiar."
What a
Jody eyes the fire ax leaning in the corner, then grabs the toolbox next to the dresser instead. "Uhhh, no."
Dean scowls at his reflection in the rearview. "I'm fine, Sam. No, really," he adds, when he hears Sam's intake of breath on the other side to argue. "I mean it, okay? Passed out with a full stomach and logged more than six hours, how's that for a record?"
Castiel winces as the burn settles in his throat. "Has anyone bothered to tell you that you're kind of an asshole?"
Dean pops the hood, careful to keep his hands off the upholstery. "So what, you're content with this?" He makes an expansive gesture with his hands to signify the bunker, the garage, the two of them fixing up his damn car. "No more holy crusades? Hangin' up the halo for good?"
"Heya Sam," Jody says. "What kinda trouble you in this time?"
"Fuck," Cas says and it sounds completely vulgar coming out of his mouth and Dean can't get enough of it. He slides his other hand under Cas' neck, grabs his hand and can't even make the chick-flick joke when Cas laces their fingers together. Dean buries his forehead between Cas' shoulderblades, eyes squeezed shut, because Cas is tight and hot and it's been years-too-fucking-long since he's done this.
Cas stops directly in front of him and looks him over with cold eyes. "That's a risk I'm willing to take."
It doesn't take long. Dean lets out a low, nasty chuckle at his back, the sound echoing in the small chamber. Sam braces himself, turns around, and finds himself looking at black eyes.
He takes the blade anyway, tucking it out of view. There's still a lot of people clustered outside, and there seems to be little regard for the police tape that has been erected around the scene. "So what is this, some sort of demonic pyromania?"
Dean sighs, body going lax against the bed. His eyes are human again, glazed with lust, utterly unconcerned with the state he's in, naked and debauched on the bed.
He tosses Bela the keys so she can get the plastic hose out of the Impala's trunk and takes the proffered clean t-shirt. He changes while she siphons fuel from the old pickup they parked beside, admires the curve of her body as she bends down to saturate the wooden trim of the building.
"It's a long story," Sam says, eyes scanning the other cars on the highway. It's rush hour but at least the traffic is moving, though he keeps an eye out for cops just in case. Dean refuses to install a stereo with Bluetooth capability in any of the cars, including Cas' piece-of-shit Continental, and Cas won't let anyone except Dean touch his stupid car. "I don't really have time to explain. I think he's heading east, so have them keep an eye out for him as long as you can, okay?"
The hand in Dean's hair twists and the jolt of pain lances through him like hot spike, little tingles of heat and pleasure curling down across his shoulders. Dean can taste the first pulse of wetness through the thin cloth and suddenly Dean's out of patience, grabs the hem of Cas' pants and tugs them down to his thighs. He takes in the sight of Cas' cock, curved and hard and uncut and already dark at the tip and goes right back to where he was, licks a long stripe from base to top before taking the head into his mouth. Swirls his tongue around it. Gently sucks the tip of it. Slips a hand between Cas' legs and palms at his sac. Hollows his cheeks and takes him inside.
It smells like home.
Sam winces at the memory of pain, but mostly he feels alright. A bit more tired than he was an hour ago. Then again, an hour ago he felt like he'd been hit by a truck with
Castiel watches as Sam slips into the driver's seat and pops the trunk. "We have a better chance of locating him with Sam."
He scrubs both hands over his face — twice — but Cas is still lying there looking at him when he peeks through his fingers. And it's really
"Or we could do that," Dean agrees. "Would certainly lend some cred to us being cops, showing up in her truck."
Dean looks back at the star in his hand. It looks so innate, even covered in Bela's blood, sitting in the palm of Dean's hand. Crowley's so close he can
to a radical shift on the low end of G string for
Dean holds it up a little higher and Castiel's heart briefly tries to jump ship out of this throat; Dean just tilts it and Castiel relaxes a fraction. Dean's just squinting into the f-holes, trying to see the inscription there.
"When you brother died, how did it make you feel?"
"This certainly would qualify," Castiel says. He doesn't even wince, just hands the phone back like he didn't just read a detailed account of what the police summarized as 'vivisection'. "How're you feeling?"
Sam wakes up in the front seat of the Continental with a start.
Sam doesn't try to summon Crowley again. There's no point. And Sam isn't sure he can trust himself not to kill the bastard the moment he sets eyes on him. He might need him later. He might be the only one who can fix this.
Sam doesn't push it, just waits it out. The game above them goes from halftime to the fourth quarter before Dean sighs, sagging in his seat.
them, like a physical shove between them. Cas crumples as he slams against the back wall, collapsing on the floor in a tangled heap of limbs and broken wings. Dean almost darts forward before he catches himself, tightens his grip on the blade. He can't see Crowley behind him, but feels his words whisper against the back of his neck, the red eyes on him. "You’re really just going to stand here and listen to this? Listen to
"Pot, kettle." Gabriel extends his wings, feathers splayed stiff like sails against the building wind, and steps in front of Sam. "Let’s skip the foreplay, shall we?”
Castiel is about ten seconds from writing this off as just a weird afternoon when there's noise from the entryway. He hears laughing and a high-pitched squeal of excitement before they round the corner, arms loaded with pizza boxes, a tray of coffee, and a six pack. The two newcomers look inordinately out of place; the girl's in green skinny jeans and graphic t-shirt that proclaims
Nails scrape up his back with just enough bite to make Dean shiver. "I think I prefer 'creative problem solving'."
"If you really wanted to stop me," Cas begins, and Dean turns on his heel to find Cas in front of the doorway, like Dean has any intention of running from this fight, "you should have killed me."
. The cuffs are still in his back pocket, and they'll definitely need those. He can't believe Cas left without them...
"Dean — "
"Long enough." Crowley isn't sure where this line of questioning is going, but he doesn't like it. "You just going to sit there?"
When Dean starts to sink down to his knees, chasing the water down Cas' chest, the angel grips hard at his shoulders. "Dean, what — "
"I know," Sam says, but doesn't look up as Dean takes his plate over to the sink, the sound of water from the faucet filling in the pause with white noise. "But... how much of it was true?" When Dean doesn't answer, Sam looks up, glancing at Castiel again before turning to look at his brother. "The stuff about when we were kids, that you..."
," Sam finishes. "And you wouldn't want this. You'd rather be dead."
The lights shine brighter as the noise onstage fades from rock-n-roll-bordering-on-death-metal to the incessant roar of the audience beyond. Moments later, the massive black curtain is unceremoniously yanked aside and people dressed in shirts proclaiming STAFF and SECURITY begin scuttling up and down the tunnel, carrying clipboards and rolling dollies, loaded with amps and cables and dissected parts of drum sets. Castiel glances at his watch, idly curious how long the switch will take; orchestras use a limited amount of electronics depending on what instruments are performing, but the setup and teardown could take hours.
Dean swallows and licks his lips. "Blowing this popsicle stand. Cops respond quick to shots fired."
But Cas keeps squinting at him, and it's easy for Dean to forget that with his full mojo back, Cas can see a lot more with a glance than Dean's exactly comfortable with. Dean sucks in a breath as goosebumps erupt on his arm where Cas touches him, fingers light and caressing, little sparks of
"You have to help me!"
The knocking gets louder.
Cas doesn't bother to get up, just vanishes in a whisper of wingbeats. Dean spreads out in the empty space and flops down. "
Castiel looks away to where Sam has the trunk of the car open, displaying the angel warding painted on the hood in red paint. The chances that Dean left the blade in the car are slim to none, especially if it was left unlocked. "I don't know," Castiel admits. Sam had more-or-less filled Krissy in on the details along the drive, mostly because she wouldn't stop asking until he did. "The mark complicates things. I am also not at full strength. He may very well just kill me."
of the machine and Dean's ragged breathing.
That's news to Castiel. "I thought Cain was doing him a favor."
's again and he sees the single line of reply:
"We should go," she continues. Crowley's quickly growing bored with her unease. "Sir, even for you, this is mental. He isn't like us. You know what he's capable of. If he remembers anything, he'll — " She stops abruptly and swallows.
Dean eyes the syringe in Jody's hand. "Probably not." Warm fingers slide around the back of his neck, curling against his jaw. Dean leans into it, closes his eyes, and nods. "Just get it over with."
Sam goes through his routine; gets their shit packed for the long drive home in the morning, and calls the hospital to check on the victims. He checks his voicemail, and the local scanner to see if anything else is amiss. He browses online for a while, getting lost in wikipedia until he feels his eyes start to drift shut. He yawns and glances at the clock; it's almost midnight, and Dean still hasn't come back.
. "That was a  — "
"Dean's gonna be fine," Sam says, and has to believe it. "I'll call you when we find him."
want you back. What you're feeling, however much it hurts, you're strong enough to handle it. It may not seem like it's worth it right now, but it is. It's worth
The sun is blazing directly in Dean's eyes from over the horizon, a swirling molten orb of fire, when he finally turns off the road. He followed Bela on her bike in a south-east diagonal on Hwy 135 for the better part of two hours before she took an abrupt left at Wichita, and started leading them down the long straight of Route 400 to nowhere fast. It's not that he has any place to be, but the leftovers from the bar and the bunker caked against his skin are starting to get disgusting, and the eight-minute-old photons from space are shooting through his pupils like quantum-sized ice picks.
"What?" Castiel says, turning back around. It actually hurts to talk when his mouth is so dry and, fuck, Dean's standing up, stretching until something in his back
It's still compact, though. Violins are much smaller than people seem to realize. He touches the square plate beside the catch and the locks click open. Dean will eventually ask and he at least might appreciate it for what it is, and he's certainly not touching it after getting any pickle chips.
. "I also care about
Dean's pretty sure his body is one entire blush and the urge to shy away is overpowering, but he's losing his goddamn mind with the idle way Cas is stroking his dick, quickly pushing him right up to the edge again. "Fuck, no," Dean breathes out, earning a smile from this kinky son of a bitch. "Just — " he rolls his hips as much as he can under Cas' weight, dick slapping wetly against his stomach. "Fuck, Cas.
"Smells like Heaven, doesn't she?"
"The kids got hold of the whip," Sam offers in explanation. "Apparently they haven't had it... well, ever, so..." So Sam and his big heart couldn't deny them, yeah. Dean gets it. "Uh. You okay, man?"
Worse than that, it's freezing in here — wherever
, hunting Sam while Sam hunts him. Castiel isn't a threat, not anymore —
Face-down on the bed is another naked backside, albeit one much more pleasing to gaze at than the others Castiel's been privy to this afternoon.
"Jealousy becomes you," Crowley informs her, turning his attention back to the show. Four hands are roaming over Dean's now-naked form, chest to thighs, back to front, and Dean arches between them. It's beautiful to witness. Even more beautiful to listen to, the rustle and wet slide of hands and mouths on skin lost under every uninhibited sound crawling out of Dean's throat. "Perhaps if you'd been less of a slag for the
of us. We try so damn hard to make it better, and all we do is end up makin' it worse."
them. "It's not him — "
"Little late for that," Dean remarks.
Warm hands slip around his waist, thumbs rubbing circles against his skin though the fabric of his shirt. Dean leans down to press a chaste kiss against his throat, a show of affection he tends to keep private and Castiel prefers it that way, enjoys keeping this softer side of Dean all to himself.
Dean downs the rest of his whiskey and wanders over.
All the free labor he could ever need. Good music. Even better weather. Breaking the righteous one. Desecrating the divine vessel. Watching Dean Winchester get wantonly fucked from both ends.
True to its truly ridiculous price-per-night, the place is beautiful, covered in marble, crystal, and floor-to-ceiling windows with a fantastic view of Central Park. There's a twisting staircase leading up to what appears to be a second floor. Castiel follows Ash's path to the main room, and is greeted with the sight of more nudity; two women this time, half-curled around each other on a plush couch. On the glass-top table next to them are several empty dime bags, a couple of razor blades, and a hundred dollar bill that's been rolled so many times it just decided to stay that way.
ways."
They wait a full extra week to return Cas to his body, just to be safe, though Dean insists they can wait until the weekend, really, it's no big deal,
"This isn't something you can be cavalier about — " Cas starts.
"How?"
, pale gas and points of light shimmering along four legs and a long, curved neck. The spectral horse turns, its wedge-shaped head tossing among the stars.
Sam's sitting on a chair, elbows balanced on his knees and hands wound tight into his hair. Jody reaches out and lays a gentle hand on his shoulder, stilling them. "We'll get him back, Sam."
"So what was it?" Dean's fingers curl tight around the star, hiding it inside his fist, wisps of white smoke leaking out between the gaps. "I know why you sold your soul, but why'd you Fall?"
," he adds, and Cas having afterthoughts is just the cherry on Dean's shit sundae of a day.
Dean's been tied and trussed his fair share of times, but Sam isn't fucking around. The devil's trap is problem enough, and the cuffs aren't doing him any favors. The straps holding him to the chair are just overkill. Dean can't even slouch, much less shift to adjust the uncomfortable crease working its way up his crack. Sam is
Gabriel's eyeing the blade like it might explode in his grip. "You've seen
"Cain's a
Sam is on his feet and in Castiel's face so quickly that Castiel takes a step back. "You don't get to decide what her life is worth," he says, and jabs a finger in Castiel's chest for emphasis. "That's not your call, Cas. It's mine."
"I'm sorry," Castiel says, and leans in to meet him.
"Not yet," Sam says, stepping around his brother. "Gotta give it some time." He pauses and glances at Castiel. "Cas, you should take a break. We got this for now."
," Dean points out, a little petulant. "There's still two people on that spirit's to-do list. I dunno about you, but I ain't about to sit on my ass when it's a two-hour drive to make sure they both wake up tomorrow."
Castiel suffers a mild anxiety attack while Dean turns the instrument over in his hands. It seemed harmless enough, but as Castiel watches Dean's fingers rove over the scroll and the waist he feels the panic build inside his chest as rapidly as a collapsing dam; those hands are used to beat-up acoustics and Les Pauls and microphones — and guns and drugs and groupies — not priceless, irreplaceable seventeenth century works of art.
Cas looks back, alarmed. "What is it?"
He doesn't know if he'll last another eight hours, and isn't entirely sure if he would want to be here at the end to face a cured Dean after what Castiel has done him, given the choice.
"Not much," Benny says, flashing an unnecessary ID at the teller before handing over a credit card. "I feel like he's got more talent than anyone's bothered to notice, and he's old enough that it won't go to his head. No, I got this, you get the door." He gathers most of the bags so Dean also pops the trunk, and just in time — Dean can see a meter maid working her way down the street. When Dean closes the lid, Benny's smiling at him. "Kinda comes off as a stuck-up asshole, but honestly? He seems okay dealin' with your special brand of crazy, and that's the best we can hope for."
Sam nods, but calls out, "Dean," as Dean pushes up from the table. He glances at Castiel before continuing. "I've been meaning to ask you. Some of the things you said," he starts, picking at a piece of corn with his spoon, chasing it around the bowl, "during the injections. About dad, and you and me."
The sounds move closer, flashes of movement in the dark. Bela ducks behind the bar, but Dean stands his ground, doesn't flinch when the machete whistles through the air towards his throat. The blade stops inches away, the kid holding it blinking in the dim light.
utterly indifferent to sexual orientation, it wasn't just my own conviction," he says. "The only thing I understand less about sex is why you — considering how much of it you
The words roll off him without effect. Dean has no idea what an exorcism would feel like, but
The universe counts out several cosmic beats before the energy in the air takes shape and becomes a voice; the sound is familiar, but the words are layered over one another, fractured and nonsensical — save for one. Eyes open, searching. The air beside the bed is a heavy miasma of brimstone and fire.
Jody raises an eyebrow, but administers the syringe with more care, slowly depressing the plunger as the needle works its way into Dean's jugular vein. Castiel can feel the muscles in Dean's neck and shoulders stiffen, heart picking up pace as the human blood enters his body, slowly forcing the demon to retreat further with each dose. It hurts almost as much as Dean's terror, rising like a tangible thing, sweeping through Castiel and making him shiver.
Jody grabs a bowl and a box of cereal and sets up across from Sam. "It might be good for him, gettin' outside."
"That should do it." Dean grunts as he flips the tailgate closed and rubs his hands together, trying to work back the blood flow. On second thought, he sidles up to Cas and holds out his hands — Cas takes them, looking perplexed, and holy
She's right on his heels as he slips out the door and closes it quietly behind him. The air feels sharp, cutting at his eyes as he moves through the hall. He hears muted gunshots the floor above them as he steps into the main room, feels the tacky pull of blood under his his soles as he makes his way to the bar.
The room floods with a voice again, different than the first, just as alien and familiar. It's speaking to someone, but not any recognizable tongue — save for that one beat of a word, uttered by the bodiless voice from before.
the once," he admits. "And it was not altogether an unpleasant experience. It was quite the opposite, until..." until April stabbed him in the chest, yeah, Dean remembers that, wishes he didn't, wants some sort of Vulcan mind-wipe because then maybe he'll stop having nightmares about it. "I think I understand," Cas says, and Dean isn't even aware he was holding his breath until it comes rushing out in relief. "Intimacy. That explains a lot, actually. Thank you."
going to do?"
"Yeah, well, bang-up job so far," Dean snipes.
intro lyrics from
"He almost said yes to Michael once before."
Sam looks to Castiel, but Castiel doesn't acknowledge it. It's not up to him to decide what secrets Dean wants to keep. Sam lets out a shuddering breath, then shrugs. "Yeah, I guess. I was just — okay. Good."
to do. It's the choice that makes the difference."
As blood begins to perfuse the tiny blood vessels in his brain, his vision blurs. He's aware that Crowley is moving, but he can't focus on him. The room tilts. Neurons start firing, and with them come flashes of emotion and memory.
The outside of the Impala is trashed, dusty and scraped and done no favors by the Enochian ward spray-painted on the trunk. If Sam needed any more convincing that Dean isn't himself, this would be enough. But Dean hadn't killed him. He could have, could've killed him and Castiel both back at the bunker. He didn't. That's all the evidence Sam needs that there's still some part of his brother left to save.
"Headlights," Dean reminds him, then has to lean over to show him where the controls are. "The bar has food. And it's small enough we won't look out of place, and big enough not to be noticed."
"Would it've killed you to mention the damn thing before? I could have gotten it the first time."
Dean's thing. Sam isn't above admitting having been a little jealous at first. The two of them always seemed to be perfectly in tune, so dialed up into each other that it often left Sam feeling a little bit of a third wheel. He spent his entire life having Dean's full attention — as soon as Castiel touched down, he's felt that overbearing urgency shift, little by little, and recently he's begun to wonder that if Dean were forced to choose, if he could.
replied:
The static in the air spits like hot oil, and the angel spreads his wings.
"Hi," Sam says loudly, the steam he built up quickly fading away in wake of whatever the hell is going on
It's a long drive to Daylight, Indiana, one that nearly ends early after Dean's third attempted side-swipe. There's half an argument about Sam taking over, one Cas must have Sam's back on, because Dean hands over the keys without much of a fight.
They eat in silence, filling the kitchen with muted chewing and the sharp bite of forks against their plates. Sam finishes first and makes a quick trip to the storeroom — pointedly ignoring Bela's complaints about stretching her legs — to grab a couple of things. When he places the items across from Jody, she raises her eyebrows at him. "Keep those on you. The charm's for anti-possession, and the hex bag will keep demons and angels from being able to track you." One of her eyebrows arch a little further. "Just in case, okay?"
," someone behind them shouts. "Get a room, you two."
"I meant," Castiel starts, but doesn't finish. He doesn't know this friend, either, but trusts Sam's judgement. Hopefully Jody will heed their advice to completely ignore their captive while they are gone. "I still maintain you should have stayed with her."
to save. And you need to realize that, Sam — you need to be prepared for the eventuality that it may come down to killing him, or we're both already dead."
"I could find him faster on my own — "
Sam's nearly asleep when a low voice murmurs to his left.
. A consciousness stirs, shivering.
Dean is trapped inside — only just, but it's enough. He bears his teeth and raises the blade as Gabriel stands, jerking his weapon out of the dirt. They can hear them, now that the noise of the storm is gone.
It reminds him of the beautiful room, listening to Dean beg to see his brother, for Castiel to take him to Sam. The moment right before his Fall.
Dean nods to Sam, and they step outside the room.
Calm down, Dean. This isn't new, is it? Sam just means that he doesn't like it when Dean gets hit. Right?
Just as Cas starts to give in to the blackness creeping toward the center of his vision, the pressure is released and Dean is gone from his line of sight.
They don't talk, really. Dean just keeps ripping off pieces and Cas has to take them from him with just his mouth, finding it harder and harder to look the older man in the eye. He's sure his face is an obvious shade of red, because the burning feeling is yet to subside.
Cas blinks back tears and stays quiet, stays still. Lets Dean touch him, assault him with those pretty, disgusting words.
While Cas is crying, in the length of a single wavering sob, Dean lifts the boy’s hand, wraps a fist around his pinky finger, and wrenches it back. All three of them hear it break.
"But I can't--"
The brothers look at each other, and it’s almost comical how obvious it is that they’re somehow sharing a conversation in just a glance.
Dean goes to check on Sam again, who's hiccoughing in his sleep from how hard he was crying earlier, then goes back to his room and gets in bed and tries not to focus on the smell of John Wichester there.
When Dean mutters "C'mere" into the dark, Cas doesn't hesitate. Doesn't even think. He just obeys, lifting his head and crawling up a bit and crashing his mouth against Dean's, and it's funny because this very thing is what brought him so much agony just earlier today. He feels Dean wince a bit, and then remembers why as he registers the feeling of a split lip underneath his own. It doesn't matter, though. The kiss is long and deep and exactly what Castiel needs because it means that he's taking everything Dean has to offer, connecting to the source of heat in every possible way. It's ongoing. Needy but not vulgar, not sinful. When he opens his mouth and feels Dean's tongue slip past his lips, Castiel just about dies.
Cas cries out, grabbing onto Dean's arms with a vice grip. The man isn't going slow, he's not hesitating. He's pushing
"Anyway, I had to do it because even after your little time-out the other day, you're
"I know," he says. And without thinking about it, he adds, "I'm sorry."
"...Yes, I understand."
There's a shocked, pleased sort of sound from Dean but he reciprocates nonetheless. It goes from chaste to downright shameful in a matter of seconds, and Cas really, really can't explain it.
"...You know, you made a pretty big mess, Cas."
There are limbs flailing and fingernails clawing and it's useless, it's not gonna work.
His free hand is still on Dean's thigh, fingers curling into denim. He kneels there and jerks Dean off, aided by the slick of pre-come leaking from the tip. He looks so adorably conflicted about what he's doing, so corrupted and lost and upset, that Dean can't help but laugh a little.
Dean kicks the bottom of his bare foot and watches him stir. Notices how tired he looks, and realizes it's probably not due to lack of sleep.
on hand. One thing in particular, if we're getting technical. And he's waiting for this back-door whore (one pair of fishnets and a couple bucks away from being a full-on hooker) to either climax or fake it so he can finish up himself. Ladies first, after all. He's not a complete animal.
Let them.
Nothing.
Yeah, it really is pissing him off.
! Just stay fucking
And they're screaming over each other, and Cas is crying, and Dean is fucking
Finally he pushes his hips forward, his dick sliding across the top of Dean's dress shoe. Cas is so embarrassed, so hesitant, that it's going to take a while for him to actually get hard.
take a while), he gets to the point where it's actually doing something for him.
Cas wants to scream no, it isn't okay, nothing about this is okay, you kidnapped me and broke my nose and tied me up in your basement and I'm pretty sure I watched you put a dead body in a ditch. Instead he says, "okay".
"Fuck you!" Dean spits, and that's when he starts to panic. He's pushing against John's chest and trying to buck him off with his hips, reaching for his face or his hair; anything he can scratch or pull or break. "
Once John's decided that enough's enough, it's over. He's reaching over blindly to his bedside table (littered with garbage and bottles and rolling paper) and his hand finds the lamp. He smiles through bloody teeth and Dean gets one more swing in before he smashes the lamp base into the side of his son's head.
look kind of pretty when he was crying.
And Dean is always there just behind him.
At last, Cas finds the dirt road leading into Dean's property. If he keeps following it, he'll get to the highway.
Dean's lip is split and bloody when he puts a boot under Cas's chin and forces his head up. He looks down on him, anger evident in his features. Cas is starting to seriously regret his decision, and wonders when he's ever going to catch a break.
Sick. That's how he looks. Skinny and sore and droopy, sallow skin and bags under his eyes. Tiny bits of stubble. Dean says he'll get him his own razor soon.
Dean walks over to Cas and grabs him by the hair before he has a chance to flinch away.
. It's not just a possibility, it's not a mere chance, it's a surety. This is over. The unlocked door was not a mistake, and Cas realizes he was being tested from the start. It was a test he was destined to fail, and now he'll learn his lesson.
"It's traumatizing, Dean. It'd be better for them to think I'm dead. They've been through enough."
So, listen. I've never felt guilt or shame while writing before. I love the pain + suffering too much to be sorry. But I'll be honest... this one was hard to write.
It doesn't let up. In his wrecked state, the boy probably thinks that Cas is just another abuser. After a few more seconds, Cas snaps. He can't take it anymore and he snaps.
Dean is dark and pissed off and scary as shit as he leans over Cas, and he gives no sign of stopping.
This.
Dean chuckles like this is all some silly mishap.
The back seat of a smooth black car that he’s been in once before. Windows open and music turned down low and Cas sitting on his front porch and Dean Winchester, the handsome stranger, flashing perfect teeth from behind the wheel. Cas smells leather and the forest and something metallic, and it makes him feel nauseous. He remembers that night.
Cas flinches when the wound is touched, and soon after his face twists up like he's suddenly become acutely aware of a strange sound, like skin on wet skin.
It could have been him.
"I have to get this bullet out of you, love," Dean says sweetly. "So I can sew you back up. I can't have you dying on me, now. That'd be too kind." And digs suddenly and relentlessly into the wound.
At some point it registers faintly that he's in indescribable pain, and that's when he blacks out.
No, thanks.
But Dean just lifts a hand, right hand crossed above his left shoulder, a threat that leaves a phantom sting on Castiel's cheek, and he flinches away. Drops his gaze. Is humbled.
So you see, at least Dean's not
. It's a terrible way to live, if you can still call what Cas has "living". It's like he's an un-person, not totally gone but not entirely tethered to reality, either.
There's a crackling sound as Dean throws the bottle down, whatever water was left in it spraying across the floor. Then he stands up, and Cas is helpless as Dean puts his boot on his shoulder and kicks, hard. Cas goes crashing to the floor. His head actually bounces off of it. He cries out, but it's cut short as Dean slams a hand down onto the side of Cas's face. He's being pushed into the floor, Dean's fingernails digging into his skin, the bruised side of his face pressed painfully against the cold stone. Dean must be putting most of his upper body's weight onto that one hand, because Cas honestly thinks that any second, his skull will cave in and that'll be the end. He senses Dean lean down over him, hovering over him where he's pinned. He feels a drop of water drip down off Dean's face and land behind his ear, then roll down the back of his neck. He shivers. His mouth is gaping open, no sound coming out. Dean is an incredible force, a steady weight that refuses to relent.
His forehead hits the ground and there's a moment where he can't see anything. His arm is trapped underneath himself, and as soon as he's down, he feels two hands grab the back of his jacket and haul him up.
Then Cas's shirt is being worked over his head and he struggles, but it actually just helps to get it off even more. As Dean sheds his own, Cas scrambles back on the bed until his shoulder blades hit the headboard.
The outside world is disappointing.
Dean shoves the black hood back over Castiel’s head. In an instant, he’s enveloped in darkness. Strong arms pick him up, a car door opens, and he’s deposited once more into the back seat. Someone crawls in beside him, guiding his head down into their lap. Sam.
"Right," he says. "I'm sure you are."
There's nothing to say. Not one thing that can save him. There's a moment where Cas is sure he's going to be sick on the floor. He watches Dean helplessly, searching his brain for even one retaliation. Nothing comes.
been this way. At least his shitty personality isn't a
His elbow smashes into the floor as he lands and he yelps, curling into it immediately. In any other situation, he would stay on the floor and wallow until Dean yelled at him to get up, but he already misses Dean's warmth.
The grim reaper looks an awful lot like a cruelly beautiful man wearing flannel and a ranch jacket.
, and he lifts his t-shirt up and off. Unzips and steps out of his jeans. Sits down on the bed and opens up his arms to Cas, who falls into them. Dean lays back, still not saying anything, just letting Cas burrow into him as he needs to. Cas is sprawled on top of Dean, which would bug him in any other circumstance. But right now he's revelling in the feeling it brings. He's sure it doesn't feel as great for Dean as it does for him, all cold gangly limbs and a shivering form against his own, but he seems not to care too much. Cas sits up only for the purpose of grabbing the blanket from the foot of the bed and pulling it over himself, covering the two of them with it as he lays back down. His head is tucked under Dean's chin, their bare chests pressed close, and Cas has snaked both hands around and under Dean. He feels two strong arms wrap around him and he's too busy loving it to feel ashamed. He lets out a moan of what could be interpreted as relief, his lips parted and pressed once more against Dean's burning skin. He's pretty sure nothing has ever, ever felt this good before.
He pushes himself up onto his elbows, eyebrows furrowed together. It's a strangely hard action to perform. It shouldn't be, should it? But Cas feels groggy and slow in a way he never has before. He somehow manages to get himself turned around to face the empty (not empty, definitely not empty, there are people) half of the room.
Of course there's still the other thing, the thing on Dean's mind pretty much every waking moment, the thing that he's ashamed of and will not ever, ever talk about. He made John swear on his fucking life that Sam would never go through that, never experience it, and John knows that if Dean ever found out he'd broken that promise, hell would break loose. Damn right, it would.
"That's not — "
The guy is tall, maybe not as tall as Dean or Benny, but still in the range of six feet and lithe, the long line of his body silhouetted against the white walls and snow-flurried windows, sunlight shining around him in a halo. His hair is parted so neatly that Dean could line it up to a ruler, and he’s clean shaven, exposing a square jaw, and has the kind of high cheekbones that Dean could cut himself on if he got close enough. He's discarded the baggy trench coat to reveal a loose button-down rolled up at the sleeves, forearms well-toned from what Dean suspects is a mixture of working out and spending six hours a day holding a violin. His right arm guides the bow across the strings in a fluid dance of up-and-down, in-and-out, tendons and muscles causing the skin on his arms to endlessly shift. His eyes are open while he plays but heavy-lidded and unfocused, and Dean knows the look, has seen it before when Ash gets into one of his trances while working out a new solo or when Kevin's trying to sync six amps, five microphones, and eighteen different speakers.
It takes him a second to swallow. Nod.
He tries so hard to rip free of Dean's grip but all he can do is thrash around a bit and gag. Dean leans forward, pressing into Cas from behind, making him lean over the toilet. Fingers going down his throat. Cas is making sounds like sickness and he's gagging and it's a horrible feeling, it's a nightmare, and then spit drips past his lips and down his chin and there's a tight pull in his stomach and he's throwing up.
Something flashes in Dean's eyes and he reaches for the plastic bag Cas noted earlier. He opens up the top, grabbing whatever's inside to pull out.
