Enjoy.
"Give it to me," Cas says, coming from behind and reaching for Dean's hand holding the phone.
"That is not true."
Dean swallows the butterflies in his stomach, breaking the long stretched silence. Time for some payback when he asks about how much Castiel paid for his flirting and brings the bartender topic back on track. Now, it's his turn to chuckle and then they're replaced by a laugh as they continue to walk around the campus.
Finally, he gets the bed done, and, flopping down, he sighs. That was quick. He's tired, last night was rough. Slowly, closing his eyes, he drifts into emptiness.
Rolling his eyes, Dean sighs. Thinking Cas is never gonna let go of it. The dinner wasn't peaceful at all with Castiel threatening to sue him. The guy is just overreacting.
Dean hears the doorbell the first time but thinks whoever it is can wait. Walking lazily, he opens the door and closes it back immediately with a gasp like he has seen a ghost, leaving no time for Castiel to grab the door before it shuts back right at his face.
Exchanging a glance, both men look equally confused about what they are fighting about. "Wait a minute, you guys were watching us this whole time?" Dean speaks up first.
Dean is down two drinks when Charlie texts back confirming the Ketch story. "So what's your story? You in love with the pretty face?" Alfie asks, refilling the glass.
Ladies man? Because every word that comes out of his mouth is stupid and sounds even more flirtatious with that hideous smirk, which Castiel hates so much everytime it is directed at him.
"You look amazing in that leather jacket," Dean says complimenting his appearance to ease up the atmosphere, which would usually work if it was a girl.
They don't know when they arrive home because, in between Dean's laugh and Castiel trying to give a poker face, they lose the track on time, "It's not that funny," Castiel shoots, flopping down on the couch.
"I don't drink." Cas shrugs off, eyes pondering the book.
“Sprinkles?” Dean retorts, with a disgusted face. “It's been barely five minutes and you have already given that thing a name?”
"Good luck banging her when she knows how irresponsible you are," Charlie threatens him, crossing her arms. He's not the only one receiving threats, the two idiots beside him are going through the same for helping him out.
"Oh yes, I will, Winchester," Castiel snaps, throwing yet another glare from the rearview mirror.
Reading the menu, Dean says, almost hiding his flustered face, "You know, I could make up with a kiss."
"Guess what?" Dean says. "You just bought an
"I'm sorry," he says with a pause in between, "For everything," Dean repeats quietly before releasing him.
“Buy some water and cat food,” Cas says, holding the cat in his arms protectively.
(PS; I hope this helps. I don't know how to write summary.)
He crumbles to the ground when Alastair punches his cheekbone harshly. Right now, he doesn't care about the pain, but he struggles to get up on his feet only to kick Alastair on his stomach, and, in an instant, he's on top of Alastair. ”
"It's okay, Cas, it's okay, I've got you, let it out," Dean says in a soft tone, his hand rubbing circles on his back. Not a chick flick moment. Just a dude helping out another dude.
Its barely audible and Dean is pretty sure he would have missed it if they weren’t this close. He looks back into the honest blue eyes and slowly, Dean's face falls into much softer features. He smiles back, his hands locking on Castiel's waist and bringing him closer as he confesses, “I love you, too, Cas.”
"It's been just a couple of weeks and you are already in love?" Castiel questions.
"I never applied for the `Babysitting Dean Winchester Internship`," he says, putting air quotes on the last four words.
"And I won't be doing that again or driving you when you have drunk your ass off," Castiel replies, looking at Dean from the couch.
Hoping the loathe will end if Dean works out his frustration, Benny suggests, pointing at the pie, "This goes on the next person to walk in that door." The pie sitting on the table is doing no good to shut Dean up, so an alternative might be helpful to take out the loathe of meow guy slash cat he's talking about.
Castiel looks up at the man standing above him and holding his arm as Dean returns the glance, both of them still contemplating.
Deancas are getting married today. How are we feeling?
Castiel rolls his eyes at the response.
"Hiya, Bobby," Dean yells over, just to let his presence be known.
you remember my name. Interesting, what a head hit can do." Castiel furrows his brows.
. He goes through the stuff, looking for something important, a
Acknowledging the discomfort Dean has laid upon Cas by asking about his siblings, Dean makes a mental note to never bring that kind of topic again. Dean replies, "Nothing like I planned but it's good. What about you?"
*. *. *. *
By the time they arrive at the bunker, Cas is seriously pissed off at Dean and the hunter is equally mad at the angel. Castiel trudges down the stairs, not surprised to find the younger Winchester still reading some lore.
She raises her eyebrow. "And also for the flirting."
Dean reaches over quickly with his free hand, bringing the cotton near Castiel's face while using his other hand to push Castiel’s hair back, to keep it from falling on the wound. Surprisingly gently, he then slowly dabs at the forehead wound with the cotton while Cas just sits still, staring at Dean with his big, blue eyes.
Hoping Winchester is asleep, he goes for the doorknob, thinking he will move back in quietly without making a complete fool of himself, but his luck has yet to hit the rock bottom because the door is locked from inside.
"I wasn't hiding," Cas says, sitting upright.
Closing his hand into a fist, Dean gives in to the anger just when Castiel least expects it and, before he can stop himself, Dean's tight fist launches at Castiel. Now, Dean has been in plenty of fights before. Mostly, in arguments, it's his fist that does the more talking. He throws the punch hard enough to cause a dark bruise. His aim never misses the target but something at the back of his mind wants to stop him when his arm reels back, to stop before he hits Cas' jaw, but restrain is not an option because his fist is already into motion, until the last moment when he feels his knuckles connect to the hard surface right next to Castiel's face.
"You really love your brother," Castiel says.
Dean almost gasps in shock, then utters very slowly, “You do?”
me, Winchester?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dig in," Dean says, sliding a plate full of mac and cheese.
Sam nearly chokes on his beer, struggling to swallow it. He erupts laughing loud enough that it echoes in the library. He can't stop giggling at Castiel's words.
Hello!
"Let me clear that misunderstanding: it was
"I am not playing your stupid game. Open the door."
Reaching the car, his precious baby, he removes Cas' arm around him, gently getting him inside the shotgun. By the time, his stomach is growling from hunger and it's the same with Cas. Maybe they could hit in a diner before getting home.
Why is he so cute? Dean is busy admiring his angel when Cas does something incredibly gross. Cas kisses that damn thing on the forehead. Get a room! And that's not the end of it, Castiel lifts the monster into his laps wearing the same goofy grin on his face.
“Sam, please tell Dean to go away. He is disturbing me,” Castiel says.
I don't know what's gonna happen today but if Chad doesn't gives us the wedding then let's just celebrate the day like we did with Dean's Birthday. Spread happiness. Pretend Dean and Cas are getting married in heaven and slow dancing to the tune of Elvis. It is soft and everything they have ever longed for.
Castiel doesn't bother responding, he just wants out. Swallowing thickly, he tries making his leave without even turning around but Dean's hand goes all the way down from his back to gripping the edge of the counter, and trapping Castiel between him and the platform.
"Go to sleep," Cas commands, feeling Dean's gaze on him, as he turns the lights off before proceeding towards his room.
"Nah. Not in the mood." Dean shrugs off.
The cat meows at Dean, snapping him back to reality. Folding his arms over his chest with a disgusted look, Dean replies,“You want to feed it so badly you buy it.”
"Thanks for the offer but my body is longing for rest so I'll stay here." Sipping the coffee, he speaks, "You two should carry on."
Violence doesn't solve anything, stating he's the one at fault here, but the need to get out a clever retort overpowers Dean with the hit, "Okay. We're past the innocent phase now."
Internally, Cas is trying to calm the fuck down, adjusting to the weight on his right shoulder, while Dean eyes him the same freaking look all over again. It's like a part of his brain is fighting to not look back, or he'll be doomed.
To his relief at least Baby is warm and cozy because Castiel still is passed out of exhaustion, his head lulled to the window glass. In the middle of the ride, Dean brings up a hand to check if he has caught a cold, which stirs him back to reality.
“I do not want to talk to you about anything. Why are you not getting that,” Castiel snaps.
"It did. Years ago, when I first received it," Castiel answers.
"Yes," comes a dry reply from the moon-eyed creature.
Dean rolls his eyes as he watches Cas tell the stupid cat to eat the food. Cas pets the cat in encouragement, and once it starts eating, there is no stopping it. Dean has to fill the bowl twice because that monster just keeps on eating and eating like it hasn't been fed from ages. Look at the size of that thing. Where does the food even go?
Well, that escalated quickly.
Crowley and Benny both stop and exchange a glance. Sighing, Benny asks, "What time?"
. A faint buzzing in his ears. It’s Benny. He squints at the phone, interrupting his sweet slumber. Still not very conscious, he picks it up, muttering a muffled sound.
I've fallen
And when they arrive back, Dean finds himself leaning on his companion. They walk up to the warmly lit front porch and Castiel takes a bit more time than usual to open the door because of his tensed shoulders, which are not quite adjusting to the weight upon them.
. That hurts.
Shaking his head, Castiel refuses, staying curled up.
Castiel hurriedly scoots away from him, closing the rift of cold winds, his fingers clutching the doorknob a little longer before he sighs, turning around. He helps Dean up to his feet before guiding him upstairs, and, to his relief this time, he doesn't fall back like yesterday. He's not surprised to find the taller man leaning on him on the way when he guides him through the staircase, taking small steps one at a time.
Cas looks up at the hunter, asking politely, “Can we take this cat with us?”
"You're already cooking Dean, I can hear you." The phone is placed right on the counter, it's no wonder he could hear him cooking.
Castiel can't hear anything, his mind is focused on one thing and one thing only, he wants Alastair to suffer the same way he did. He will fight anyone who comes in his way, he's lost and before he knows he ends up holding Dean's collar and hitting him. "Stay out of this, Winchester," he warns before going back to smiting Alastair.
"What the hell, Bobby?" Dean complains.
Castiel has
His eyes fluters, blinking, he looks around.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
Castiel remains silent the rest of the night, he watches as the room fills with students, some known faces and some unknown. Honestly, he enjoys only the first few minutes when the music wasn't brimming through his ears. It's an annoyingly loud sound, which everyone else finds entertaining. Winchester is lurking around with some girl, Castiel sighs as he sees, Charlie and Garth are already hitting the dance floor. The lights are dimmed out for no reason, providing the dance floor with flashes of light. It's giving him a stroke, it's suffocating. "I need some fresh air," he shouts over the sound of music, leaving Kevin at the bar.
Castiel folds his hands on his chest, looking away grumpily.
"You guys are my only friend."
Dean lies there quietly for a while, rubbing a hand on his forehead and the other supporting his nose, when the stuff lying on the coffee table catches his attention. Dean shuffles through, fishing the mess of notes and books occupying the whole space.
Dean observes the scene before it becomes a memory, there is a warmth filling up his chest as he watches the corner of Cas' eye crinkle in joy, his cheeks brighten up red as his teeth peeks out when he throws his head back laughing. It's truly the kind of smile that can brighten up anyone's day. And, suddenly, he doesn't mind if Cas is making fun of him as long as he gets to enjoy the company.
"You are in so much trouble, loser," Alastair barks before attacking Cas.
"Yeah. That was my secret plan." He continues to drive in silence with Castiel, who is paying attention to every detail on the road. This time of night, it wasn't easy to find a diner that was still open.
Hello! Everyone.
"When I get in, then help me God-" Castiel grits angrily, bracing himself as he warns Dean, reeling back a little.
"Not even if I buy you dinner?"
They then get working on phase two—finding the nerd CR, convincing him, first by asking, second by bribing, third, more bribing, then Crowley steps in with threatening and he's onboard.
"Geez. Must be Benny, doesn't sound like me at all," Dean denies, making himself comfortable on the couch.
Dean has not said a word since they got home. The awkward silence is killing Castiel from the inside. He knows Dean is mad at him for hitting him but Dean had it coming anyways. Castiel has refrained himself a lot in the past few days but he feels kinda bad? Maybe? He wasn't in his right mind. He was angry. He's not like that. He would never do something that brutal. He just wants to explain it. His actions. Everything. Dean can hit him if he wants to. He will accept it. Happily. That burden needs to get off from his chest because the silent treatment is killing him.
Cas sobs are ragged and broken when Dean slowly begins rubbing his back up and down. Somehow, Dean is here but he doesn't want him to be. He doesn't want to show him his fragile side. Back in the days, when he and Gabriel shared a room, sometimes he would wake up from a nightmare in the middle of the night mumbling his name, shivering, with tears rolling down his cheeks, but, every time, Gabe was there for him, to comfort him, to hold him, to tuck him back to sleep. This time, though, Gabe isn't there and he certainly doesn't want to be alone, not right now.
These are only a few things that Sam has noticed for the first time, although he is already immune to most of it—like Dean and Castiel's long, intense staring contests while they stand too close to each other. For God’s sake, it is not subtle at all. Sam is right in there in the same room, his throat hurts from clearing it loud enough to distract them ten times a day. If it happens one more time, so help him God, he is gonna push one of them so the little gap between them is no more.
Dean smiles again. The angel looks adorable. He knows how much Cas loves animals. Bees, cats, guinea pigs. But Dean has to be the tough one here. No matter how much Castiel pleads, they can't afford to have a pet. Who is he kidding? In between hunts and long road trips they can't manage to have an animal roaming around bunkers, and pets are not easy. They need to be vaccinated, they’ll shit anywhere, they need to be taken to the vet frequently, and they require separate food and attention.
"Why are you being so generous?" It concerns Castiel.
"Why would he—
Cas loses at this point, he wants to know what they’re both talking about for so long, it would be his worst nightmares come true if they both are planning to gang up against him or pull a prank on him.
Dean freaking Winchester told her about the nickname too?
"You okay?" Dean says, sounding worried when he sees Cas lying on his side, curled up into a ball and sobbing quietly with his knees on his chest.
Hitting the gas, his mind estimates the math; it’ll be nearly
Hello! My Darlings.
, Sammy," Dean states, working on a giant sandwich.
SMASH that kudos button. SMASH it like your LIFE depends on it!! And come SCREAM at me in comments, even if you read 10 years from now. I wanna know everything.
Leave me kudos or tell me about it or save your sexy silence for next one
Another day is followed by another night in which Castiel is busy typing on his laptop when the phone rings. He has a bad feeling about it, probably because he knows what's about to come next.
Finally, when he has tucked in the tipsy man, Castiel is ready to leave when something takes hold on him. "Stay with me, Cas," Dean murmurs, holding the trenchcoat around Cas' wrist.
Any sign of pleasure will serve as evidence he had every intention of doing it.
That's all it takes to get Cas back on his knees again as he pets the animal, talking to the creature like it understands everything he says. “Sorry, I can't take you with me. That man doesn't want you,” Castiel explains politely to the cat.
"If you say so, Sam."
"Hey, you are here," Dean says, smiling.
"Fuck off," Castiel replies in an instant before his mind slams,
"I’m sorry, please," he tries apologising, hoping Castiel will respond.
"What do you want, Gabriel?" Cas asks.
"Wait, this is the Ketch you have been with?" Dean seems confused at this point, because the guy seems like he just popped out today out of nowhere.
"Wait. There are more?"
Good things don't come for free. The place is great. Except for Mr.
"Hate you, Winchester." He sighs, taking a head hit on the concrete floor.
"You called here, dude, so you're gonna answer me first. Who are you?"
His mind contemplates. It feels quite real. He could hear everything clearly.
It's Castiel who backs off first, turning away with a frown, gathering his book as he walks away, hearing Dean calling back, "Hey, Meow. What's your name?" Castiel hears him in the background but doesn't bother replying.
There's a silence at Dean's end. Dean understands he might need some time alone but he still doesn't trust the guy, not after what he has seen in the past couple of hours. "Just-just don't do anything stupid, okay?" he says.
"Not unless you ask me to anyway," he adds, before removing himself from the spot with yet another wink.
Castiel glanced at him, giving a
Don't remember what? It's been just a few days with this guy. Not like Dean had done some research on him, Dean contemplates in his thoughts. Life's tough sometimes. "Can't believe someone can do this," Dean says low, which gets Cas' attention and his head snaps up.
. The whole concept of it: drinking, heavy music, dancing, hooking around. The whole atmosphere is suffocating.
Dean fixes himself near the entrance, giving thumbs up from distance. "It won't help getting rid of him for long," Crowley contemplates.
"I've to move my stuff into the house, so peace out, I guess?" Dean says. "I will get back to you soon." He parts with these last words, receiving no response, thinking Castiel must be
Say something, Dean.
Those words pinch Castiel's ears like a thorn, making him rush forward to take the phone out of Dean's hand before more words spill out of Gabriel's mouth to prick him.
Pouring the drink, he says, "I saw you, dude, the other day, you were pretty drunk and the way you were looking at him, man, believe me, there was something."
"Why?"
"Okay, Mr. Charity." Dean sighs as he begins to walk away from the pair. He goes back inside the same store, and the cashier gives him a forced smile like they’re wondering if Dean forgot something.
"Talk to you about what, huh? That crazy shit?"
Five hours straight with a Dean who won't shut up about his imaginary crush is much to handle. He saw the opportunity and took it. Same goes for Crowley, who's least interested in listening to the same thing over and over again. Engaging Dean in a useless activity until they both are refreshed enough to deal with him again doesn't seem that bad of a plan. Taking a long sip of his tea, Crowley smirks, resting his feet on the opposite chair.
"But Bobby—"
Darting his eyes on the table, "I'm fine," Castiel lies.
Let's just agree Dean and Cas are married.
On seeing those watery eyes, Dean can't help but bring up his hand to wipe the tears away. His hand ends up cupping Cas' tear stained cheek when a drop of tear, which he was supposed to blink away, rolls down from his wet eyelashes, disappearing into the hand cupping his face, giving Dean a chance to wipe it away.
Castiel looks terrified because he still hasn't let go, but that doesn't stop Dean from uttering out a clever retort that suits the situation.
Castiel glares at Dean, eyes going from top to bottom briefly pausing somewhere down his waist, before settling on his face.
“I would love to, but someone needs to stay with Sprinkles and I am not leaving him with you,” Castiel answers, cuddling closer to Mr. Sprinkles protectively. knowing how much Dean hates Mr. Sprinkles and he doesn't trust the hunter in this case, he knows Dean will scare that kitten away.
Jo might get his distraction when she turns around. There's a pause when she looks back and forth between both of them before waving a hand to Castiel and snapping him out of the staring contest.
Cas stares out the window the whole drive. Accusing Dean of being stone-hearted, he mutters a few harsh words that pierce Dean's heart but the hunter stoically ignores them.
Aching and throbbing. His knuckles hurt. Electricity is jolting up his arm as Alastair lies underneath him, his face is bleeding, he had stopped fighting back long ago when Dean interrupted him, he's unconscious maybe, he's breathing comes shuddering. Castiel literally has no idea how he did this. How could he be so cruel in anger.
One hand still rests on the back of the couch while the other is attempting to reach out for the remote held further away from his range. Leaning in softly and slowly, being careful not to scare Castiel away anymore, he fixes his eyes on the man who's leaning back from him to maintain the distance between them. Like a warrior, Castiel is fighting till the end with determination as he stretches his arm, holding the remote further away from Dean.
Well, this is awkward. Sam clears his throat pulling his concerned-Sam-face at Dean, saying apologetically, “Dean, I am pretty sure the latter was meant for the cat.”
Castiel begins to elaborate. It was back during high school days, they were kids. Castiel was nothing like he's today. He was a timid little nerd kid who got bullied easily. It goes way back when Dean was the new kid. He remembered Dean. He was mostly used to lying back and watching Alastair and his friends bully people like him. Except for one day when they forced Dean to participate. They were watching him from a distance when Dean came around him and pushed him from behind. He went past him hurriedly as Castiel fell on the ground. His head hit the concrete and some stone left the mark. It was only a few days after that he heard the news that Dean had left. No wonder he doesn't remember the incident at all.
"Thank you for calling, I'll be there soon," he says, hanging up the phone.
"I never signed for this," Castiel complains, lifting his head up a little to frown at Dean while clutching to his strong biceps.
All the way back, Dean doesn't say a word—he surely is mad at Cas for punching him for no good at all but, in his mind, he keeps thinking that this guy is on fire since morning, no wonder he couldn't let go of an opportunity like that. Castiel just sits there in silence, trying to get words from his mouth, but not being able to bring up the courage to speak.
As you know english is not my first language forgive me for the mistakes I tried my best to make it work.
Groaning, he opens his eyes.
"He said something and I couldn't help it, I lost my temper," Castiel sighs, looking anywhere but Dean.
Castiel walks into the hallway, confusion puckering his forehead, when a loud thud causes him to shiver in terror. Hurrying to the kitchen, he takes the very first thing he lays his eyes on for self-defense. The door must be jammed with rust because he can still hear the rambling of the doorknob. If a serial killer walks in, he might as well go down with a fight, clutching his life line, so, quietly, Castiel positions himself by the door.
They sit in complete silence before Dean releases a small sigh, asking, "How are you feeling today?"
"You said that already."
"Mystery solved. He is real," Benny concludes, looking back at the mess.
Not speaking, Dean proceeds to clean the cuts Castiel received by falling on the glass table by the pool. He soaks it in alcohol before he leans down to get a better look as he carefully dabs at the blood dripping from his forehead.
"And that's the reason you don't have any girlfriend or boyfriend, whichever you prefer," Dean speaks up.
"Don't steal my thunder, Cas, these people love me," Dean protests on hearing the people making disappointing noises when he gets interrupted between the show.
Dean stands there, with a shit eating grin on his face and raising an eyebrow, but says nothing and Castiel feels the need to defend his honour. He hates the faint feeling of vulnerability he gets when Dean says good things about him or flirts with him every so often to leave him frustrated and confused at the same time. Castiel stands high on his heels and finally says, "I feel nothing for you. Absolutely nothing!"
As a brother, Michael was always there for him. He was the only one Cas could really open up too. Gabriel was also there for him but he was more of a trickster, always taking things less seriously. He sighs, staring into the emptiness for a long time before going back to bed.
He has already tried making peace with reading and literature but the class is filled with nerds like Cas and their professor, Miss Beverly, isn't quite a blessing. There's always the option to ditch the class with a coin flip but, today, his mind is thinking of giving it another shot because, somehow, he has to keep up with the attendance and he haven't seen Castiel since yesterday and there might be some chances of finding Cas in that purgatory, so it's a win-win situation for him, and how hard could it be to sit through one hour listening to a hot professor lecturing in British accent.
"Castiel, man, you shouldn't leave your stuff laying around for strangers," Dean says.
He had felt terrible for leaving Dean like that in the morning but it’s not his fault; Dean chose to stay there, he had asked him to leave last night. He recalls staring down at the unconscious man this morning, and he wanted nothing but to wake him up, take him to bed, maybe tuck him in and free him of the misery, but that's not what he did because there was a voice screaming in his head,
The cat wakes up completely, trying to sneak it's head out of the box to reach for Dean's hand and hoping to rub its head against Dean's palm. Dean flinches, pulling his hand back just as quickly and dropping the end of the sleeve he was holding. “I am not doing that.”
a bit scared of the look on Dean's face.
Bobby then lays down the conditions.
Castiel reaches for Dean's arm, tugs at his sleeves, raising his eyebrow skeptically in the process when he notices something written with a black marker; he holds the wrist of the tipsy man, reading the words out loud,
Tearing his hand away, Castiel sits beside him, voice low, he breathes, "I can't."
Dean halts mid sentence, his excitement fading when he turns around after closing the door. The hunter doesn't realize the angel is missing until he ducks his head out to notice he has been talking to himself the whole time. Frowning, his head snaps around but Cas is nowhere to be found. Great. Dean takes his eyes off that idiot for one second and he is already gone. This is worse than being a babysitter.
"Yeah, he is pissed," Dean retreats back, accepting the defeat.
This is your Captain speaking, there's a storm approaching in the distance and I want all hands on deck. I repeat all hands on deck. Hoist the colours. The wind is not in our favour. Hang tight sailors and fellow pirates. Ship is about to go down and sugar we are going down swinging. I'll see you on the other side. Do not abandon the SHIP!!
"Then I pity you," Castiel replies, switching in between the channels.
"Yeah, thanks, Charlie. Text me if he's there."
Castiel thinks before his mind catches up. "You used my shampoo?" Castiel eyes widens on hearing the response.
Castiel settles on ignoring what he just heard, as he’s too tired to pay attention to their drunk chit-chat. Somehow, he manages to get the Impala keys from Dean before he stuffs both of them in the backseat. Yeah. It was a real challenge to get the keys from Dean.
"No. I normally spurt beer from my ribcage."
Somewhere between whispering snappy jokes to make the angel smile and earning an eye roll from him, the time flies by quickly as they continue to walk closely side by side in the aisle with Cas holding the cart. Cas loves to assist in these sorts of things. Sometimes his nose will scrunch up while examining a product, and sometimes Dean will toss things into the cart from a distance, earning a disgusted look from Cas.
"Bye, bitch."
The bar isn't really a decent place, according to Castiel; right now, there are people making all kinds of comments on Dean, starting from his perfect voice to his perfect ass, he could hear people cheering, a group of girls in the corner giggling and making assumptions whether he's a top or a bottom, and that's when Castiel thinks,
Castiel knows he is never getting in this way so he might as well break down the damn door and make Winchester pay for it.
A smile spreads on Dean’s face, remembering the time he bought it for Sammy as a Christmas gift when he was 9 years old. The book isn't in a good condition, probably has been read more than a few times. Opening it, he notices something written in a beautiful handwriting on the very first page.
"It was nice meeting you, Cas," Lisa says with a smile, gathering her purse.
Castiel storms out, shutting the door behind him while Dean sits there in silence trying to remember the events of last night. He pulls the covers off him and, thank God, he has pants on. He slowly lifts it a little bit more on Benny's side hoping the same, and turns out Cas was just messing with him. What has gotten into him to act like a jerk, not that normally he's a blessing to be around, but he's more of a bitchy kind now.
Castiel hissed. "That is a generous offer. But fuck off."
Yeah, Dean is mad. He has every right to be. He thought angels were emotionless or they didn't bother with feelings. That's why he never laid his cards out on the table. Now because of that thing Cas has strange love for, Dean is beginning to hate it even more. Just look at it, enjoying Cas' hand along its length. It has no right to get that much attention from Cas. Dean isn't jealous. No. He isn't. It just sucks he never gets that kind of attention from Cas.
"Hi. I'm speaking from Heaven's bar. This guy here, Dean, is pretty drunk with his friend and they are causing a lot of disturbance and breaking things. You might wanna take them," some guy says from the other end of the phone.
"Who is it, Dean?" Castiel shouts from the other side of the room, watching Dean being all secretive.
That's a whole new territory. Even with Lisa, that's not something Dean will ever agree to. And this, with Cas, it's hilarious, because, for starters, Cas is the last person to show any affection towards him. And he's here, calling Dean pet names. "You know how much I love your cooking. Angel. Especially the sizzler bread-toast," Dean says, holding back a laugh, indicating the last time Cas went cooking all by himself. It sounds damn funny saying out loud. The smirk that escapes his lips soon turns into a serious face when Castiel glares at him.
Dean, on the other hand, seems confused; he doesn't know how to respond to that, asking himself for confirmation, did he frighten Castiel? He doesn't know if he should be worried or thankful that Castiel is all zipped at the moment.
Walking up slow and steady, he makes the last turn to his destination, climbing the last flight of stairs to the third floor, when he hears someone calling out,
"I'm fine, there's nothing to worry about and I'll call you if something's wrong."
"You already walk around like that. The beer topping only made you cool."
It is all his fault, anyways, so he should be guilty and offer help. Everything has happened because of him. If he wasn't here, then maybe Castiel wouldn't be looking for another place. Castiel doesn't think twice before hurriedly getting out of the sight and leaving Dean alone.
"To stop the
After all this time? This is what his image is in Castiel's mind? This is what Cas has narrowed him down to? A guy that everyone desires to be with? Perhaps he doesn't know Dean at all. Dean considered Castiel as his friend. A good one or maybe he never was. Castiel was only pretending to be all nice and interested for the sake of the living arrangement and surviving in the same room without killing each other off. Disappointed, Dean doesn't realise when his fingers have gone weak, losing the grip as the material slips from his hold.
Dean is busy stocking up the refrigerator and emptying the grocery bags when he responds, “Why don't you ask Mr. Charity over there?”
You guys hated Dean at first then warmed up to him when he got drunk but in last chapter you didn't liked him. So please for the sake of story let me know about Dean and your take on this chapter, how you all feel about these two because I've to make it right and make few changes accordingly.
Two arms come to wrap around Dean's neck and a face sinks to hide between his neck and shoulder. Having a meltdown is normal but not being able to handle is another low. Usually, Castiel would manage it alone but this time it's bad. Choking on sobs, shivering, also wanting to crawl down in a hole and disappear because he doesn't want anyone to see the mess he really is. He doesn't know what to do. And Dean is here, making it worse.
So we got queerbaited again three months after the show ended but jokes on them because we are used to it.
"My stomach hurts, man," he manages to speak between his laughter. Castiel is annoyed, not because he has made a fool of himself but because he's disappointed by the fact that he hasn't developed any urge to punch Dean right in the jaw. Thinking deeply for the reason, he's also kinda amazed to find himself enjoying the ride.
Does Cas not trust him to let him know, because that's what Dean is concluding from the statement. Castiel is not Batman or anything, his secret is not gonna ruin his life if it's out in the open; Castiel doesn't have to deny it right at Dean's face. Or maybe he is embarrassed of letting him know. Whatever it is, Dean doesn't take it well because they are supposed to be friends who tell each other everything, Dean has laid his cards out in the open long before and Castiel knows pretty much everything about Dean but, unfortunately, the favour is not returned.
"But he-he didn't deserve it," Castiel whimpers in a shaky voice, burying his head on Dean's shoulder. He can't bring himself to pull away. He cries on the flannel as Dean continues to stroke up and down in his back.
Cas is still ignoring him. Dean hates it when Cas acts like this. Taking a deep breath to calm himself, Dean tries once again. “Whatcha reading, Cas?”
"Wait. What? No!" he denies firmly.
"Well, that was easy," Dean says, collecting himself.
Dean rolls his eyes at that, but snapping back at Cas' brother is not really a nice idea at the point, because he's curious to learn about the things only someone close to him can answer.
Castiel stops shivering, but he’s still struggling, breathing in shallow breaths. Dean keeps on saying soothing words to him, "I'm here, Cas, it's okay, I've got you," is all he can say to comfort him. After a while, Dean drops his hand from Castiel's back to his waist, and rests his cheek on Cas' head before closing his eyes.
He was supposed to get him out by six. Seven tops. He slept through it. Jangling the keys, he locks the front door. It's eleven fucking o'clock. Castiel has been locked in there for how long?
It's been a long day and he really needs his sleep. Maybe try out a toast or two that Castiel made this morning to calm his growling stomach. He really hopes Cas is alright. It's been a long day for him, too, and he still doesn't know if he has eaten anything at all. Jeez, he really screwed up this time.
. Damn it.
Still too weak to get up, Dean sighs dramatically. "Get over yourself,
The big
Dean know Cas is not guilt tripping him but he is also is pretty sure at one point Cas even said something like hunting monsters has messed up with Dean’s sense of right and wrong because he thinks all the creatures and animals are bad and evil like the supernatural monsters they hunt and he is too blind to see that the cat is nothing but innocent and friendly. And he goes on and on while Dean tries to defend himself, saying they can't afford a normal life or a pet. A hunter should be focused on work and work only, even if that means staying away from things that bring joy to their already pathetic life.
Wait. Are they friends? I don't know
They walk over to the group. "Name's Crowley," he says, offering a hand to Cas. "Big fan, by the way," he continues, while Dean orders drinks for everyone.
His body twirls around, pushing Dean away forcefully so he goes stumbling backwards. He wants to scream through the tightness building in his throat. "Stay away from me," Castiel warns through the anger raging as he tries to resist the break in his voice. No one gave Dean permission to play with his feelings like this.
Castiel only laughs harder this time, thinking of Dean’s face when he was being thrown out as they proceed to walk in the empty corridor and a wave of flush spreads across Dean’s cheeks as something in his chest flutters watching the man beside him, he wanders about this new feeling, studying Castiel closely.
A moment passes by and he doesn't have any memory of it, although Dean remembers it vaguely. He has always felt a familiarity in those blue eyes. From the first day when he stumbled on the staircase. Except for the intense gaze, the memory holds a tremor in the glance.
"Yes, I do, but I'm not your driver." Castiel lifts his heavy stare from the book.
There is a cold burning in Dean's rage, playing his signature move, a solid uppercut to the jaw. Shirt in his fist is crumpling of the efforts Cas is making to free himself. The eyes, which were filled with so much warmth and light, are now replaced with bitterness and hate. Dean does not flinch or move, he’s staring at Castiel the whole time.
"Do not touch me." Castiel blinked coldly.
"You okay?" Dean asks.
"You're not asking me to cook."
Castiel doesn't have any more energy left to deal with the drunk Dean situation every day and, moreover, they are sharing a living place for quite some time now so it is merely essential to know each other more than the surface level. After all, Dean did want to hang out with Castiel and talk to him and, to be clear, Castiel can do that he is open to the idea of getting along with Dean but only if the man can act like a normal person for one tenth of a freaking second.
"Goodnight, Dean," is the last thing he whispers before switching off the light.
This can't be right. Beer drenching his shirt? He would be fine if he had cracked up a few bones.
Dean doesn't hide anything from his friends; he told them about sharing the place with him first thing in the morning, although he skipped a few details about him getting hit by Castiel again. But the clock is ticking, there's no way he can execute the plan alone. He needs help.
"As per the stubbornness of Squirrel, I don't see that happening until a year or two. And my ass is worth, at least, five pigs," Crowley snaps, shoving his palm up and letting his small fingers out in Charlie's direction.
Weekend rolls. In a click, it’s seven pm.
Walking over the phone, Dean answers, "Hello?"
"Yet you are one of our best candidates," Dean smirks, teasingly.
I know your deepest darkest secret. You all read so many fics. If you guys forgot or got it mixed up, we have established in first few chapters that Cas can defend himself. This info will come in handy in next chapter and heads up there's more so buckle up.
Matching the disgusted expression, Dean stands up, swaying in place because of the pain.
Ten minutes into the class and Dean's eyes are already falling shut. He yawns, stretching his legs while Castiel is busy taking notes at the moment, following Ms. Beverly's every word and Dean shouldn't be bothered by Cas not minding the hand that’s resting on his knee, which belongs to Ketch. The guy didn't even exist until yesterday and now he has gone whole boyfriend mode, touching Cas without his permission. They are in the middle of the classroom, for God’s sake, can't he keep his hand to himself? Wait. What’s that noise? Dean's breath nearly gets caught in his throat, he's certain he isn't dreaming of Cas whimpering in silence.
"I could make up for the shirt with a kiss."
Dean has already done his research on Ketch and, turns out, he is not the type to stick around, not that Dean cares, but at least Cas needs to know if the guy is a good character or not. If he is gonna break Cas' heart or hurt him in any way. The guy is just a sick show off, who is only pretending to care for Cas as long as he gets laid. That British don't deserve someone like Castiel. No, Dean is not jealous, he already has a loving girlfriend but he knows these kind of guys, hell, he used to be one of them, random hookups to bust off some steam, not getting too emotionally involved with anyone, but all that was before he met Lisa. He's a changed man now and he is only trying to look out for his friend, who doesn't know the kind of monsters that live in the society, looking for weak prey.
"No need for apologies, both of you get out. Now! And Mr. Winchester, don't bother coming back next time if you plan on disturbing other students who are willing to study."
Enjoy!
Today is the most they have ever talked and Dean might be thinking to cook mac and cheese everyday because Cas seems to like it and he would do anything to have more conversations like this and know him more. It's nice to talk with the guy without fighting, "Lisa is gonna swing by after, today. Is that ok with you?"
Clenching his jaw, Castiel grits, "Don't say his name with your filthy mouth."
"Is that so?" Dean asks in the tone of amusement and mockery. That escalated quickly.
Embarrassed, Castiel lets go of Dean's arm and shirt, scooting away as soon as Dean lifts his weight off him.
Castiel looks up at Dean, his eyes probably drilling into Castiel's, searching for some answers. He stiffens when Dean settles on the chair opposite to him, and he can only reply to him back in his gravelly voice, "Hello Dean," and tries not to catch his eye.
"Why don't you lock it up on a roof?"
hours.
Maybe Benny can move in if he's moving out; the place is fucking huge.
Everything feels so overwhelming. He thought hooking up would put an end to that feeling but it has only made him feel worse. This is all Dean’s fault. Castiel is angry; with himself, with Dean, with Arthur. He feels guilty as if he has stabbed someone to death. He can picture the disappointed look on his father's face for disobeying the belief that runs in his family. And he hates it. Bringing disgrace to the family. Being a disappointment. He can literally hear his father in his head.
*****
"After mom, dad was quite miserable, man, we all were." He sighs, playing with a spoon. "He couldn't look at us after the incident," even after so many years, Dean still finds it hard to talk about the day he lost his mother, his childhood, his apple pie life. "He was always on his business trips and, before joining college, we had a fight and I left, haven't spoken with him ever since."
Castiel's hand balls into a tight fist. It is taking all his will power to not hit the man before him. "Keep talking like that and I won't hesitate to punch you again."
That's it, this ends now, it's enough that he has driven him home after making himself clear that evening, and he can't do this anymore; he's done trying to play good with his enemy slash housemate. Things would have been way better if he had turned his selfish side on when he received that call, God knows he might have been asleep by now. Unfortunately, that's not true and here he is, slowly turning away from the unconscious man and walking upstairs cursing under his breath. He is so fucking done with Dean, his job is fucking done, it's his fucking choice to stay there, and after climbing what seems to like the last step, he turns and takes one last look at Dean, who is lying unconscious on the staircase.
Dean has a tight grip on Castiel's arm so the idiot doesn't slam his head on the floor and gets more crazy than he already is. Castiel's fight and flight instinct kicked in when he slipped and he clutched Dean's forearm, somehow managing not to fall face flat on the floor but falling on his knees.
"Hate you, Winchester," Castiel barks, walking out from that place grumpily when he hears Dean call back.
. His temper doesn't go well with the face. To be honest, Dean will be lying if he says he didn't find the other man attractive at first, which was before his mouth chimed in. But there's something about his voice though, the way he talks, cold but intimidating.
HOT! DAMN! Right? I hope you all enjoyed it just as much. Where are my ghost readers at? I'm sorry but please don't hate Dean. Pretty please. I know you all expected Cas to lash out but it happened other way around and in my defense I gave you all heads up. I don't wanna be the one to say this but GIRLFRIEND I'm WITHHOLDING next chapter until you break your SEXY SILENCE.
the whole time he was here. Still admiring the crush?"
Dean became friends with her the first day of physics class when he tried to hit on her. Apparently, she swings the other way, which is cool, but she found a perfect match for him. Lisa Braeden. She's hot. Smiles every time Dean smirks at her, which is good. He thinks. But Dean has never approached her that way. He's been waiting around for a perfect moment.
"Never saw him around here before," Dean says, telling the truth.
"That's because you never come here," Castiel contemplates.
"Why are you glaring at me?" Castiel asks, looking down at him in confusion.
Castiel doesn't make it any easier for Dean to clean up. It hurts. It stings. He jerks his head away the moment Dean brings the cotton up for the second time.
The shorter man looks down at the hand getting in his way to escape, and he's not certain how he's supposed to get out of this. Sighing out loud after a lot of thoughts, Castiel finally decides to turn around to face his doom.
"Not for too long, Novak!"
The same manner when he was a kid.
Reading always helps him calm down in situations like this. He's not doing any research for a case; it's been quiet out there lately. There aren't a lot of hunts right now. A few simple salt-and-burns or a vampire nest in one of the nearby towns. Cas and the boys are living stress-free lives and lurking around the bunker..
"Ketch is a nice guy, Dean," Cas says, meanwhile, Ms. Beverly resumes the class, gaining their attention.
Castiel begins to walk upstairs, hoping to get some sleep and muttering, "Lie down," in response before abandoning Dean.
Cas looks disappointed when he starts walking with Dean quietly, and Dean knows the angel is mad at him because he hasn't said a word. It is some kind of sick habit Cas has picked up recently. When he gets mad or things don't go his way, Castiel starts giving Dean the silent treatment. It sucks because he doesn't do it to Sam.It will be a normal day and suddenly, out of nowhere, Cas will start ignoring him, acting like he doesn't exist at all, while Sam gets an easy pass and is left to mediate because Cas refuses to speak to the older Winchester directly.
“I'm sorry, Cas, but we can't. The life we live, man... it's crazy enough that we have a permanent home.”
"I called your cell phone earlier to check up on you, but you didn't answer."
, let me in," he says, stressing at please.
Dean notices Castiel flinching just a little when something lands next to his face the second time and Cas doesn't need to open his eyes to know it's Dean's forearm, he can feel his breath bouncing back and the warmth radiating from the angry man's skin. Castiel can hear nothing in the immense silence of the place except for the sound of Dean's breath coming out laboured against his skin. Dean studies Castiel for that moment, the scared being trapped before him, Castiel is breathing heavily too, his lips parted, eyes still not daring to open. Dean allows himself to close his eyes for a brief second as the pain continues to flare up his arm, which remains attached to the wall, blood dripping from his knuckles, just as slowly, he allows his breath to fall in sync with Castiel's, calming him to certain extent.
"And you need to get laid," Dean speaks casually.
"Mr. Novak and Mr. Winchester, is there a problem?" Ms. Beverly calls out, to which they both shake their heads in response, drawing their attention back to the class.
Dean holds his forehead, rubbing a hand on it, hoping to make the pain go away. His attention goes back to Castiel standing above him, still holding the pan.
"Slow down there, dude, I'm not banging your brother, and he's not my type."
Enjoy!
******
"It's none of your business," Castiel shoots back, shutting Dean off with a sour reply.
"I barely even know you."
"It was only one sip. Trust me." Everyone is familiar with Dean's beer stock on the roof, a clever idea indeed to sneak in beer, and what's wrong in taking a sip or two in the morning if that's what it takes to survive two physics classes in a row.
The bartender, a poor guy named Alfie, comes over. "I stopped giving them more after they were pretty drunk, but they started throwing the glasses at me so I had no other choice."
He dials the next possible person close to Cas. "Not with Kevin or Garth either," Charlie informs from the other end of the phone.
Knowing for certain Cas is trying to avoid him, "Look at me," Dean whispers again in his ear, sending an involuntary shiver down his body. "Cas?" It's the last thing Castiel wants to hear, the faint dizziness finds its way back to him, causing Castiel to shut his eyes, slowly, humming low in response, hoping Dean will stop calling his name like that.
English is not my first language forgive me for the mistakes.
But it doesn't seem appropriate to say it out loud. Instead, he releases another sigh, thinking it's getting harder and harder for him to deal with this whole drunk Dean situation everyday; he can't leave his work just to pick him up from a darn bar and get him to bed. This gotta
“What?” Sam frowns.
Dean proceeds to sit beside Cas, who is settled somewhere in the middle. "Found you, Cas," Dean says, settling down next to him.
His mind battles to repress those loud thoughts which will haunt him for the rest of his life. Fluttering his eyes open, he tries to pull himself out of Dean's grasp.
"Please! You're my only hope" Charlie pleads. The rest of the group is either too drunk or too hard to find on the dark dance floor.
The time to hoist the white flag has long passed, that ship sailed long ago, leaving behind his last two brain cells stuck with an insane man. It's fine, Castiel reminds himself. Everything is alright. He's fine, he thinks. It's alright. He's got this. There's nothing wrong with Dean's hand around his waist.
"Next time, pay more attention to what’s in front of you than the stupid book," Dean would apologize if the guy had managed to control his big mouth.
"Sure thing, you weren't, but the great eye is ever watchful," lighting up the mood before asking for forgiveness always works in his experience.
"I can do that too. No biggie." Dean winks.
"Don't patronize me, Cas," accepting the defeat, Dean retreats his arm back to his side on the armrest while his other arm rests peacefully at the back of the couch.
. Are you even aware that something serious could have happened to both of you? Trust me, I’ve been there and it doesn't end well," Dean says with a concerned face.
Alastair walks closer, questioning, "Or what? You can't do anything and big bro is not around to punish me." He just knows the right nerve to prick Castiel.
"Maybe for once you should drop that attitude and thank the guy for looking out for you," Dean mutters, as Ms. Beverly resumes the class, glancing at the other students in the room.
“Still gonna ignore me, huh?” Dean questions, walking towards Castiel, quietly, hoping the cat keeps its mouth shut.
"Nothing!"
"And your parents?"
"Are you with someone?" Sam says from the other end of the phone.
The image got blurry as everything around him swirled for a moment, his vision falling into an abyss of darkness before it focuses back again. His mother is there no more. It makes him sad, because he didn’t even remember her; she died before he was even a year old.
Dean hates emotion that makes people miserable. Like this. It's not fair. He isn't sure why he's helping but he's desperate to do anything to stop Castiel from crying. He can't stand to see him like this. Helpless and sobbing.
When Castiel walks in again, Dean finds himself commenting, "Trouble finding a new Paradise?"
Dean can't say no to that, and maybe after feeding that beast Cas won’t throw anymore tantrums. Hopefully, he will leave the animal, and maybe Dean won't feel like the bad guy.
Mirroring the smile, Dean speaks, "Does that means I get to call you Cas?"
"About finding love, to kiss someone on new year."
Failing in the attempt of keeping his voice even, Castiel feels the need to get out of here before he breaks even more when tears start burning at the back of his eyes. "Cas—" Dean begins, coming close, raising his hand to place it on Cas' shoulder.
“Sam, please tell your brother he is the worst and the biggest assbutt and I hate him,” Castiel politely asks Sam.
stupid and infuriating. However, there is a part of him that doesn't give a damn about Dean while there is also another part of him, a softer part, which is growing to care about him. He doesn't know why. Castiel doesn't give it much thought before going back to bed. It was stupid enough to help him but it was one time deal. At least in the way how Castiel sees it.
Cas hears a faint familiar voice.
Guess who is dead too. You guys remember the rooftop when Cas was seeing like two people, his mother and you know who (not Voldemort guys. I am talking about Michael.)
He thinks on his way to the bar. No matter how much he hates it, Cas makes an exception this one time. Dean helped him yesterday despite their differences. He could at least return the favor. Why does it have to be him, though; can't they call anyone else to pick them up? Dean has other friends too. Why would the bar call the last person on his list? Maybe everyone else bailed on him too. He can't imagine how the bartender or the owner is dealing with them right now.
It’s too quick for him to register; in one stride, Dean’s up close in his personal space, in a sudden moment, he has a flash of Dean's lashing anger, the rumors of which he had heard back in high school years, which he had never seemed to believe until now. There's a soft panic building inside him that can grow or fade, depending on what Dean does next.
An uneasy silence sets in the atmosphere for a few minutes. Castiel's family is equally screwed up. Man, Dean feels bad for acting like a jerk to Castiel at first. The guy already had it pretty rough and whatever is going on with Michael is pretty intense.
The whole ride home is like hell. Even though he dismissed the permission to play the radio, he should have seen this coming because they know how to improvise. Two of them singing Zeppelin at the top of their lungs while Castiel is left alone to deal with their madness is not fair.
"Spill, squirrel."
“One last thing. I promise,” Cas says, breaking free of Dean's hold before removing his trench coat.
"Look at me," he mumbles, contradicting Cas' thoughts of having everything under control.
"Enough with the chit chat, have you seen him or not?" Dean sounds angry.
Honestly, Dean can't be happier about Castiel looking for a new place. He doesn't mean to eavesdrop into the conversation, although he grasps a few words here and there, and Castiel not denying the fact makes it clear.
“Not happening!”
"I dare you." Crowley motions him to do the honor, forcing the plate of pie in front of Dean. Passing a glance back and forth between the pie and his awaiting friends, his mind battles a thought before accepting the challenge. "I'm gonna do it."
"Yes. He left with Ketch like two hour ago," Alfie informs.
"Right back at you, Novak," Dean snaps back, pressing a little tighter at the wound and getting a yelp out of Cas on purpose.
His brows come together, eyeing Dean. "Food is not going to run away. At least have some manners." Castiel tries teaching him some etiquette, which is really a poor choice right now.
He looks around. He can't let the man rot in the mess and so Castiel decides to clean the room, the job won't take longer than ten minutes. He gets started with straightening the covers; he picks up the leftover chips, yanking out Dean's bag from the laundry basket, he tosses dirty clothes in it while Dean watches him walking around the room back and forth, it kinda amazes him how fast Castiel can be.
of you."
"You okay there?"
"Sounds like an order to me. I think you can do better," Dean says.
Dean picks up a few, reading the names and ingredients in it before tossing them aside. What difference does it make to a damn cat, anyway? He goes for the cheapest one on the shelf but then remembers how protective Cas was toward the thing. If that cat has high freaking standards, it is not going to eat cheap food and Cas is gonna blame him for that. Dean ends up purchasing some above average cat food and decent water. He pays the bill and the cashier tells him, "Thanks for shopping. Come again."
“Aren’t you gonna introduce me to your friend,” Dean says, changing the topic.
Cocking his head to the side Castiel replies dryly, "I'm about to get really adorable."
"Thanks, sweetie. He’s right there." She says, pointing at the small stage on the other side of the bar.
(See the end of the chapter for
"This is bad."
Looking back at the lusty green eyes, Castiel snaps back before any more distracting thoughts can flood his mind. Castiel retracts the arm pinning Dean, dropping it back to his side, he takes a step back, breathing in the fresh air and clearing his head, he shakes off the dumb idea and releases a breath he didn't knew he was holding. He hasn't let go of all of his anger but he should wait for Dean to sober up.
"What did he say?" Dean asks.
"Because I don't get drunk."
Dean glares at Sam angrily, his face falling, all the happiness melted away on hearing Sam's words. “I know that. Shut up Sammy.”
“See he’s my number 1 fan, as you were saying?” Dean smirked.
"Jesus, so wait, what's going to happen to the baby?"
Art by
“Stop saying you don’t know,” Dean’s teeth gritted. Cas could see the look on Dean’s face and the memory in his head. “You can’t think I would allow this to happen?”
“Okay.”
“It was Enochian runes, it could generate a blast to disseminate any other beings. Including angels.... So what do we do now?” Cas replied sounding exhausted.
“Dean-”
"Everyone we love… They get hurt. They'll be a blind spot. After Gadreel," Dean's voice turned to anger. "How could I dare bring someone else into this? What happened to Kevin? I'm a monster Sam, I am not going to watch another child die because of my selfishness." After that, the bunker was quiet until Dean brought out his happy juice- mixing with coffee. Hearing Sam on the phone, maybe some hunter- nothing he could make out, like date, time… "Sam's going on a date, oh la la," Dean joked as Sam closed his phone.
Sam and Cas looked at each other with a big knowing smile. “We kinda knew… So we set up a nursery already at the bunker.”
“Well, you don’t do jack shit. Me and Sam will head to the hospital, see if anyone knew this walking nuke.” Dean added in.
“I would never ask anyone to kill themselves- I don’t understand. I think… I’m going to be sick.” Cas instantly stumbled into a chair, Dean let go. Leaning closer to him… Dean wasn’t really sold on it yet. But Cas nuzzled his neck for comfort, gripping into Dean’s clothes to stable himself. Dean pulled away from being held, he was not buying this. As he was burned by Cas doing this before.
"Yes, cause your mom must be so proud of you being the ideal kid," Dean snaps gulping down.
Shivering from the cold, Dean stuffs his hands in the pocket of his leather jacket and replies, “With that face any psycho will take him. We don't need to be an animal shelter.”
Castiel collects himself, sitting back in relief as he focuses back on the TV in front of him. His eyebrows shoot slightly upwards, giving a look of
already," Dean says, smirking and enjoying every bit of it.
"Thought Castiel stabbed you," he hears Benny shuffling around on the other end, probably at the bar.
"Nothing, he was just messing with me, well, he always does." Castiel answers.
There are no words in which Dean could’ve described the relief he is feeling when he sees Castiel’s eyes open. He is only thankful Castiel is awake and blinking. It takes so much burden off his chest that, honestly, he doesn’t know if he have any more strength left to deal with if anyone else got hurt because of him. He is too shaken up to think straight when he allows himself to lean down, edging closer to Cas without realizing.
“You heard him. That man doesn't have a heart for creatures like you. I'm sorry, Sprinkles,” Castiel says dropping low by the end feeling bad already.
"Oh, I'm sorry for walking down two stairs at a time while drinking beer from a fucking coffee takeaway mug to fool everyone around me," Castiel retorts.
"Shut up. I'll call back later."
He slept through the night outside Cas' door, like a pathetic little teenage girl waiting for her prom date to show up.
Dean thinks. Everyone needs to burn off steam at some point. That's why people hook up, isn’t it? "Like that Cas?" he teases in his ear. The feeling, which has swallowed Castiel whole, slows everything down into a distorted bliss, everything around him is a blur that swirls into existence at this moment.
"Then put it on speaker," Castiel demands, resting both of his hands on his hips.
"Shh-shh," Dean shushes him with another kiss. His lips lingering longer on Cas' skin when he says, "It's okay, baby," kissing him again gently, the softness coating his voice is enough to make Castiel bite down any other word that would put a wall between them.
Being lost in the moment, Castiel has totally forgotten what this was all about and his grip on the remote has loosened long ago, his fingers only holding it lightly when Dean takes it. Castiel flashes his eyes open, realizing what has just happened and thinking Dean was just playing with him all along, and he is still lying atop of him, giggling and hiding his face on Castiel's shoulder. "Get off me" he grunts, pushing Dean off him.
It's so peaceful without him around. Plugging in hard rock music, he gets working, arranging the room to his liking; he shifts the small study desk to one of the corners, he unpacks and stuffs his clothes in the closet. The view from the balcony is cool, the curtains are the same as Castiel's rooms, which is okay; the blue colour calms him.
After pleading a lot, he finally managed to get some food inside the grumpy idiot, when Cas demands, "I want a burger."
Dean licks his lips and Cas stiffens under his grips, his face going blank, trying to hide his emotions. Dean doesn't know, doesn't care, the way he licks his lips sends heat burning under Cas' skin.
"You have only climbed three steps," Castiel glances down at him while his hand rests on Benny's back.
Castiel tries to push the door open but it is locked again. "Yes. I live here."
"Not like it's any of my business but, according to Ketch, their hookups are only occasional," Alfie informs and, with that, Dean takes a seat, grabbing a stool next to him, fishing out his phone out to text Charlie about the whole Arthur Ketch thing.
Castiel nearly chokes on Dean's answer. It was all working, Castiel was feeling better about Dean but he just had to go there and ruin everything. Guess old habits die hard.
human" Crowley adds, analyzing the mess.
But he doesn’t get any response from Cas and so the next time Dean tries poking at Cas's arm to get his attention.
He wants to scream at Dean, who's coming closer, but his throat is suddenly drier than usual, the words get stuck as Castiel looks away just in time for Dean to end up nuzzling against his cheek. He brushes his lips back to a spot behind Cas' ear, kissing there, sucking hard on the spot. Losing control, his head falls back on Dean's shoulder, his eyes shut tightly, lips sealed to stop from making noise.
Wearing a smug look, "Not my fault," Dean smirks, "You got distracted," he corrects him. "Perhaps the charm always works." Dean replies, throwing a wink.
Meanwhile, Kevin, Garth and Jo join them. As per Crowley, he considers himself as a king, and sitting between the nerds is beneath his self-esteem. It's not like he hates the nerd gang, he just likes to make fun of their little quirks, which may sometimes offend them, but he gets along with this gang well, maybe because Dean is friends with them too or maybe they are fun to hang out with. They all chat until the break is over and later proceed to their respective classes.
. He is getting around.
"Real
Castiel sighs, reaching for the doorbell.
"He is not my boyfriend," Cas says angrily, earning a quiet chuckle from Dean.
There's something unusual in the way Dean is looking at him. It's a way he has never seen before. "Cas," he mumbles, observing him closely.
"There’s this same guy here pretty drunk again." Castiel had kinda recognized the voice at the other end of the phone from last night.
He will
Cas is mad. It is clear when he refused Dean's help for the second time when he struggles to walk to the diner. The diner is small and empty beside the staff, who seemed like they're about to wrap up before calling it a night. The entryway is lit, with rows of booths on both sides. Dean smiles at the lady behind the counter before settling in one of the booths.
Dean turns in to patch the forehead head wound when he comes across a faded scar on Cas' skin.
"I'm busy right now. I'll call you later," Dean says in a low, hushed voice.
Throughout the day, he searches around the campus for Cas, who is, apparently, avoiding him purposefully. He catches glimpses of him twice but Castiel ducks into the crowd before Dean can reach out.
Dean never intended for his voice to come out harsh and for it to echo into the silence of the living room, scaring the little kitty awake, but he kinda enjoyed the view. Smiling to himself, he walks towards the fallen angel. Soon, his smile fades away, being replaced by a frown when he finds Cas lying on the floor.
Dean's duty to cook meals for him. So yeah, if Dean is not buying shampoo for himself, then Castiel is not buying it either. They are both waiting for each other. Which is childish because they are both equally stubborn.
Explain it wasn't meant for him. Stammering in thoughts, he utters out loud only one syllable.
"If that means waving your ass in front of a whole bunch of complete strangers, then go ahead," sounding done with Dean, he presses a finger to his temple.
It is one of those days of the year when winter is not there yet, the days warm but the cold shoots to the peak as soon as the sun goes down.
Castiel frowns. Why does the professor need him? It just doesn't add up. And why on the rooftop? He hasn't done anything wrong. But it can’t be some kind of sick prank because there's a text from the professor himself.
"Who are you? A cupid?" Dean retorts. "I already have a girlfriend and I am very happy with her." Taking down his last drink, Dean says, "You just lost a generous tip for putting your nose into my business," and he storms out of the bar.
"Yes, my mother was into naming all of us after angels."
"Keep your voice low!"
from the other end of the phone. A quick nap, which was initially supposed to be not more than twenty minutes turned out longer than he planned. What if Castiel didn't make out? What if he tried to escape jumping down the five storey tall building?
"Did he have one again?"
Out of the corner of his eyes, he watches Dean roll his eyes when Castiel gives him a purpose, "You might wanna get that, maybe it’s your buddy Benny."
Staring back at 'the know it all Castiel', who, for the first time, has been rendered speechless, Dean snorts a laugh, chuckling to himself and thinking Cas knows nothing about how things at a bar work
Castiel looks away blushing, his gaze drops to the ground before he controls the red raising his cheeks and Dean smiles on his own this time, noticing the blush with a sigh of relief.
Castiel frowns at first, tilting his head to the side and watching Dean, when it comes to him: of course Winchester is mocking him. His expression changes seriously as ever. "In your dreams," he spits back, letting go of the hold quickly and standing back on his feet.
"I'm not answering that," Castiel tries to drop the subject when the doorbell rings, snapping them both out of conversation.
When Dean returns with the first aid, he looks confused.
In an instant, Dean grabs Castiel's wrist. His next action takes Castiel by surprise. It’s all too sudden. Dean pushes and stumbles him backwards until he plants Castiel's wrist on the wall behind him at the same time he shouts, "WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM?"
His voice comes out smooth and clear, quiet yet powerful. While shifting his pitch for a higher note, he spots Castiel in the middle of the crowd when he sings aloud the lyrics with added enthusiasm, "Darling! You give Love a Bad name!" pointing a finger towards Castiel and dancing along. The amount of booze he took is far more than normal, he doesn't seem to care that there are other people in the bar, cheering and enjoying his little show as he dances and swirls his ass along the music mostly to Cas.
"I don't need your help. I would have managed," Castiel says, adrenaline rushing through his veins, holding the stare.
Dean hesitates at first, but slowly his hand comes to rest at the angel's back. He can't stay mad at Cas. “It's okay Cas.”
"I'm sorry—'' Castiel begins, but shuts up soon as Ms. Beverly continues.
"But I still hate you, Winchester," the venom spills back so Dean doesn't take him for granted.
The only thing he regrets is paying Meg to get Castiel's cell number when he could’ve gotten it for free.
For a second, he thinks Dean is looking back into his eyes but he goes back to working again, applying bandages and pressing it against the wound.
She's surely taking advantage of an innocent looking guy like Cas but, in a situation like this, he has no other choice than sliding more cash in her direction.
The morning after he finds Dean in the kitchen with some guest. "Lisa, this is Castiel, he also lives here, and Cas, this is Lisa," Dean introduces him to the girl occupying his usual seat.
Dean waits for a beat but Cas doesn’t touch the food while Sam on the other hand puts aside his book and makes some more space in front of him and Dean knows his brother must be really hungry if he’s eating on the library table.
to go with the grumpy face, to be more precise.
Although Dean stopped by his room this morning, still putting up a nice act, he dropped in some meds and Castiel remembers him saying something about breakfast. The whole time he was there, Castiel didn't say anything. He's mad. Dean got that and so he didn’t push more before leaving him alone.
He is deep in thoughts when Dean walks in. His entry is silent, but he knows Castiel heard it anyway, well, he thought he did. There’s no one inside except for Cas and the running water of the sink that he's busy staring at. Dean walks over, closing the tap, the feeble sound of water comes to a halt, snapping Cas back to reality. He looks up to find Dean glaring at him. Looking back, he only feels empty inside. He just stares at Dean for a moment, seeming tense of having him near, and then steps away from the sink making for exit.
"Brother, I'm not leaving without you," Benny replies, making Castiel roll his eyes at them.
Castiel feels a rough force and, before he can get any chance to react to that, Dean has him pinned against the wall, his arm nearly presses a little too hard against Castiel's throat, which is accompanied by the loud growl directly at his face. Castiel's expression gets replaced by one of tremor, his heart throbbing in the chest, colour drains from his face. They both are breathing fast and heavy, one out of terror, other out of infuriation. Castiel watches Dean, hard hostility coded over Dean's face.
He even considered staying in the cab, which would make a good home. His luggage is stuffed in the back anyways and he could drive it anytime. A home and a transport. But the driver keeps on giving him looks of pity from the rearview mirror as he drives aimlessly after receiving the most precise directions. "Any place where there’s a spare room."
Castiel could have saved a couple of bucks if he had just noticed the stage. Dean’s pretty busy occupying the whole stage, performing for the tipsy audience, singing “You Give Love a Bad Name” by Bon Jovi on the top of his lungs while dancing in between.
"Are you liking college?" Castiel asks out of nowhere, changing the topic.
"Yeah, I do. He is all I got."
Reaching the bar, Cas spots the Baby easily, which is still parked. After being surrounded by a load of awfully drunk people, half passed out in a corner, some dancing around while the rest throws up, Castiel finds his heart sinking down when he doesn't find any signs of Dean. He glances around, pushing through the crowd.
"It is obvious. Harry Potter hates you"
Arriving at the destination, he braces himself on the way into the huge mansion. He is early maybe, the place is fairly lit, there's a group by the music system setting it up. Searching around the place, his eyes land on Winchester who hasn't been home since
Screw the cat. He is gonna die of cold if Cas doesn't get moving soon. Dean hates to say no. God, he feels terrible. The hurt on Cas' face almost makes him change his mind, but he reminds himself it is for the best.
I have been a bit busy lately so the next chapter might take a while but I will update soon.
Castiel carefully carries him back to his room and lays him down next to Benny, making sure he has removed their shoes, and places the covers over them before leaving.
He walks in, nodding his head along the lyrics, humming Led Zeppelin while tip-toeing around when someone calls out with the same energy, "Welcome Back, Honey!"
Maybe the cat recognises Dean because it makes the cutest little face ever, and Dean knows this is not just a normal cat. This cat knows how to play the game. Is that squinty face supposed to earn Dean's love? Because that is exactly what's happening. It reminds Dean of his angel, who makes the same squinty face and does a little head tilt and Dean melts on the spot.
Dean isn't a pro in handling a breakdown but he does know some things about being more comforting, hell, he has done before with Sam, when he had his first breakup in high school because that Sarah girl dumped him, and, more or less, Sam and Cas are practically the same, so it's not a big deal for him.
"Why me?"
Castiel sits on a chair in Dean's room, straddling it, chin resting on his hands, which are placed on the back of the chair, calmly waiting for Dean and Benny to wake up from their drunken slumber. Cas has been sitting there for quite some time now, doing nothing but watching them buried in sleep while listening to their gentle snuffles and the sound of birds chirping outside.
"Who knows?" Sam responded crypticly.
"Oh so you'll just wander around like a zombie, hoping to run into her again?" Cas shot Dean a wink, and the man's heart fluttered.
"Claire?" Jack asked. "Mr. Novak's daughter? I get to meet her?" He sounded excited.  "Can she sleep in my room? And Maggie? For a sleepover?" Jack was bouncing on his heels.
-----
"Come on, Cas," he pleaded. "You got dark circles under your eyes and you're filthy." He put his head on Cas's shoulder. "Don't you trust me with him?"
Bones sat at Eileen's feet, tail wagging and panting. Banshee was curled up in Miracle's bed by the armchair, eyes closed. Miracle saw how stiff the two humans were sitting, a lot different than his daddy and Cas; they couldn't sit on the couch without touching one other.
Dean sniffed. "We'll see what happens."
"Why did you get me a banana?" Jo poked at the fruit, staring suspiciously as if it was trying to contaminate her sandwich. "I didn't ask for one."
"A clue? What is this, a goddamn riddle?"
"But you and Cas had sleepovers in here all the time before he moved in."
"That was mean," Jack giggled. "Are you gonna come outside and play in the snow with me?"
"Uh huh," Claire responded, sounding bored.
In the Impala, Cas had held Jack close to to his chest as Dean sped to the hospital. By then he had stopped crying and just listened to Cas murmuring soothingly into his ear. The throbbing pain in his nose made him wince and the blood on his face made him feel itchy.
"Oh lucky you. My older brother dropped out during his first try and he owed at least 10,000."
"Ew. Morning breath," Castiel complained, but he was smiling.
"I'll only have a few drinks," his mom promised. She held up a hand. "Scout's honor."
"I'm serious. You always make good food."
"Anything else, Cas?" Kevin asked when all the kids were seated.
Dean smiled and tilted his head up, and Cas gave in to his husband's silent request for a kiss.
"If you want to."
"Why?"
"Oh, sorry," the boy replied sheepishly, dropping his arms to his sides. Castiel could see pink on his cheeks. "I'm just so excited to finally meet you! Cas told me all about you."
Helen shook her head, laughing. "Your friend would get along with Charlie. She does the same thing."
"Good kick, Maggie," he commented as he threw the toy against the mirrored wall. "But try to aim straight, not up."
"What do you think I'll have to do to make her forgive me?"
Face burning, Cas yanked her foot off him and flipped her off the bed. "I am not. I was... checking."
Squinting into the burning orb, Dean concentrated on looking past the bright purple spots that smeared his vision and studied the sky. It was a bright perfect blue, not one single cloud marring it, like the storm never even happend, and as far Dean knew might not have; If he wasn't at home or even in Lebanon, he could've been literally anywhere. He wasn't even sure how he was still alive after getting sucked into the tornado.
When Dean came in, yawning and stretching, Cas was ready with breakfast at the kitchen island.
"That's the best way to get your point across."
Jack looked at his uncle from the corner of his eye, and he noticed the man's mouth quirked up in a smile. He swallowed, attempting to push down the question that had been bubbling inside him since he noticed the white distraction floating above him.
Cas sighed, put the phone on the nightstand, and tried to put his best friend out of his mind.
Cas cradled the index cards close to his chest. "Nothing."
"Uh huh," Anael responded.  "Do you think we have a Jewish ancestor?"
'No, but i think you might b. Btw they left. Gunner paid.'
"You okay?" the girl giggled.
"I haven't lied about anything," Dean stated, taking his jacket and standing up. "Uhm, thanks for the food, but I think I should go."
Dean, his expression soft, leaned into the touch. They stayed like that for a couple minutes, Cas softly running his thumb against Dean's skin, until they were kissing. Castiel wasn't sure who kissed who first, but with Dean Winchester's perfect mouth moving against his own, he didn't care.
"It-it's fine. It was good we talked about it." The door finally slid open and they headed in. "I mean, we didn't really talk about it, but it is out in the open."
Dean squinted at Cas and pointed to the hand sanitizer on one of the nightstands. Sighing, Cas poured a large amount in his palm and rubbed it all over his hands and wrists. When he felt it dry, he held his arms out again and Dean jumped into them, hooking his legs around Cas's waist and folding his hands against the back of Cas's neck.
"Don't go straight," he muttered to himself, and breathed a sigh of relief when it turned right.
"Jo and I... are getting ice cream."
Cas snorted. "Always about money, isn't it?"
"No," Jack insisted. "You can't!"
Castiel nodded. "Good night, Mr. Winchester."
"They are fascinating creatures, Dean."
"What does it look like?" Dean snapped.
"Jesus, he's being pissy." Dean filled a mug with coffee and poured himself a bowl of Lucky Charms "Do you know what his problem is?" he asked Sam and Maggie.
"Cas!" Dean cut him off, laughing. "Chill, dude. I get it, okay? And I'm not going anywhere. Unlucky for you, you'll be stuck with me for a very long time."
"I can't possibly have messed it up," he assured himself. "It's just eggs."
"But-" Jack started, but his mom's tired voice cut him off.
"Your dog tried to kill me," Uncle Sammy replied, fixingp the chair.
Sam folded his arms and sat back in his seat. "What do you think he said?"
"Hello. I have poured you coffee and prepared a plate of fruit salad."
Dean cut him off on purpose this time, and said angrily, "Yeah I know how they are. Everyone does. That's why I have to stay here. Drop it." His brother opened his mouth to respond, but Dean made slicing gesture with his hand. "Stop. I mean it."
"You know what? I insist. I'm on my lunch break, we can use my discount." He started to walk off, Sam and Jo scuttling after him.
"Hey, we all forgot. It was an accident."
Miracle stopped what he was doing and looked in the direction of the voice. His daddy, Cas, a strange female, and two small humans had entered the house. Excited, he jumped down, and he heard Bones and Banshee close behind him. He jumped up on his daddy, panting happily.
"What?" Dean raised his eyebrows. "Oh. They're n- I mean, Sam is my brother but Jo is my cousin... second cousin? I can't remember what. Our moms our cousins."
"You'd make a cute chef," Castiel, leaning against the sink, commented as Dean hunted around for the ingredients.
"This is a restaurant. I assume they're eating."
His mom smiled at him. "He's wonderful, sweetie." Dean waited. "But."
Castiel stuck out his tongue.
"Everything. They grow a new bone when they hibernate, some can jump over twenty times their height, they drink water by absorbing it through their skin... oh, and a certain species of frog protects a tarantula's eggs, so the tarantuala protects it from predators. It's almost like the frog is its' pet."
"What happened?"
Jesse grinned wide and recited what Dean's dad had drilled into him, "Kick 'em in the downstairs and scream like all hell has broken loose!"
"Don't you apologize for me, it's a completely rational question."
"Seriously, what kind of crap do you watch?"
Dean rubbed his head against Cas's chest. Sometimes he wondered how different their lives would've been if he had pulled his head out of his ass and told Cas about his feelings. Or Cas had told him.
Jack crossed his arms. "Aw, man. You just got here!"
Castiel grinned back. "Sure. Come on in."
The door started to slide closed, but an arm shot out and stopped it.
"You got lost in the fo-woods. You must have been terrified."
Carolyn closed the anatomy textbook and looked up at him. "That is the seventeenth time you have asked me." Her voice was flat, but Cas could detect the rage sprinkled lightly on her words.
Castiel, in the backseat with Kelly's six year old, was nose deep in a book. They had all spent the last two hours listening to the young boy babbling about random things until Cas had decided to read him two Bunnicula books, which got the kid to fall asleep. Gabe reached back and smacked his brother in the knee.
*****
While Dean walked into the bathroom, Cas perused the room; it was painted light green and a few posters hung on the walls. The bookcase contained graphic novels, manga, and science fiction novels and the top of his dresser was covered in figurines. A wooden chest in the corner had the word "Toys" on the side in big block letters and there were a few framed photos on the wall above it. Cas walked over to look the them.
"I..." she sighed again. "James took my DS."
"It looks fine," he muttered to himself, suddenly feeling self conscious. "But does it taste okay... I probably should have done a test." He nibbled on the nail of his right thumb.
"I was free for a bit, so I thought I'd stop by and bring you these," he held the container up. It was filled with orange and purple frosted cupcakes. "I helped Claire bake cupcakes for school. Her class had a Halloween party today."
"He's cute," Dean said, already starting to fall back asleep, "but he can be really annoying sometimes."
"Yeah, kid," he smiled at the boy. "You can be goalie now. Maggie, honey, you're halfback."
Castiel sipped his coffee. "Not sure yet. I'll wait and ask Dean."
"There you are," Cas exclaimed as he walked into the den. "I've been looking for you everywhere."
"What?" Castiel was confused and a little hurt he was just hearing about this now at 2 in the afternoon. "Why?"
His daddy snapped his fingers. "Come. Here."
"Balthazar, could you do me a favor, as my friend and roommate?"
"He was just being clingy," Eileen said. She went up to the strange female and held her paw out. "Hi, I'm Eileen."
After grabbing the ripest bananas he could find and a bag of six apples, he decided to be nice and buy a few of the things Dean wanted. He grabbed a bag of nacho cheese Doritos and had just picked up a jar of habanero salsa when he suddenly felt very tired. He yawned and closed his eyes for a few seconds, then felt several taps on his shoulder.
Skateboarding down the boardwalk, Cas took a long sip from his kale smoothie. He had just finished his veggie burger and was headed toward the bookstore his sister had told him about. The board's wheels made a pleasant sound as they ran over the planks of wood beneath it.
They all went into the kitchen so Dean could paint their faces while Cas scooped ice cream into five bowls. The Winchester had to look up instructions on how to do a dragon for Jack. Maggie wanted to be a vampire and Kevin chose to have musical notes on his forehead and cheeks.
"Hey, man. What's up?" The younger Winchester brother walked out of the living room to another room of the house, and Castiel recognized the yellow wall of his parents' bedroom.
She pursed her lips. "Maybe that's a good thing." From her lap, Igor was munching away on a chicken nugget, sunglasses perched on his nose. Cas had Igor's twin, Jack, in his own lap, and Castiel had to keep stopping him from shoveling too many French fries down his throat.
"He switched shifts with someone at work. Anything else?"
"I have a rubber duck with an eyepatch and a pirate hat for my bath time!"
"My days off should not be this stressful."
Sam flipped the blanket off him. "I think mom and dad are headed for the hot tub."
Cursing and sucking on his finger, Castiel grabbed the oven mitt from the countertop and slipped his uninjured hand inside. He pulled the tray from the oven and put it on the thick red cutting board that was placed carefully on the stove top.
"Amara claims some guests have been making complaints about me, but refused to go into detail. Personally, I think she's just mad I kept saying 'no' everytime she asked me out."
Dean groaned, then yelped when Cas swatted his side.
"Shut up," she groaned and took a seat. Dean passed her a glass of water and two Tylenol.
"Her," Jack said, annoyed, "her name is Miracle. And yeah, just lick the salt off and don't give her a kernel. And don't tell Dean. He doesn't want her to have junk food."
"Dean will drive you guys to their apartment right after your class."
"I need to stay with Jack," he insisted.
"Kill the damn thing already," Dean demanded, backing into the wall.
"But, he did kiss you," Dean responded, brow furrowed. "Th- that's what happened. It's what you said happened. Benny said..."
Dean smiled wide. "Yeah. Sure, why not?"
"She's a baby, don't they all look the same?"
"Was I your rebound?"
Cas stared into the bright blue eyes of the sorority girl. Her lips were pressed into a thin line and he could see her jaw clenched tightly.
Dean pointed the spatula at him. "Don't give me any of your lip this early in the morning."
The boy rolled his eyes and walked towards the bathroom at the end of hall, but as he passed his mom and stepdad's room, he stopped. The door was cracked open, and he could hear the two of them talking to one other.
"Dean brought that actor guy to the shop."
The eyes burning into the side of his head made Cas skid to a stop on his skateboard and groan.
The silence swirled around him. The crackling of the fire and the sounds of the night time creatures echoing in the woods filled his ears.
The angel's cheeks started to turn pinkish, and Dean can't remember ever actually seeing an angel blush. "Yes it is," he whispered. "But Jack cannot see it. It would not in any way be appropriate. It is, uhm, something that goes inside of... you."
"Yeah. Have you ever played the video game Moondoor Kingdom?"
"Oh, your mom is the psychiatrist, right?"
"With who, the other people in your orgies?"
to look out the window and took in the Fitzgerald house, before turning back to Cas. "You told me we were going to the movies."
"It's okay, lovey," Castiel had said. "Go ahead and meet her. He's gonna be okay."
With his robe hanging open on his chilled body and his wet feet in his water shoes, Dean started the walk back to his chalet. Head down and arms crossed, he felt disappointed about how the night had gone. Cas probably thinks I'm just some dumb kid, he thought.
"I got it," Jack exclaimed happily. "Look. Look at the wall."
"Hey there, buddy," Sam whispered, grinning at Jack.
"Stop flirtin' with the locals, boy," his dad yelled and poked him with Dean's duffel bag.
"You guys aren't as funny as you think," Bobby said, walking in and giving Rufus and Stevie annoyed looks as everyone laughed. "And wipe your faces, you look like fools."
Castiel stroked a hand through Dean's oily hair. "Because you are going to shower, have a nice meal, and then we are going jogging."
His brother gave him a look. "I was able to figure that out." Reaching his hand out toward the elderly man, he hesitated.
Dean threw a pillow at him, hitting him in the head. "That's more reason to kill it. It's fucking poisonous."
"I don't. It's just yours, especially when your ballsack is hanging out."
Dean started laughing. "Y'know, that dick reminds me of something Miracle did once. I took her to the par dark, I-I mean the uh, the what is it ca- oh! The dog park, and, uh..." he trailed off as something occurred to him. "Wait... Where's Miracle?" He jumped away from the window and frantically spun around. "Miracle! Come here girl!"
"I wasn't gonna ask. Why don't you take a shower and I'll make you a grilled cheese?"
He was taken into the men's room, the floor covered with bits of toilet paper and candy wrappers. There was a crushed energy drink in the corner and Dean smelled disinfectant in the air. Castiel went over to the wall and opened the small window as far as it would go. He took Dean into the only empty stall and locked it. There was a condom wrapper on the toilet seat. He heard the nasauting sound of somebody in another stall pissing.
"Well... no. He just said to come... over. No real plan."
"Duh!" Jack hit her with his pillow. She hit him right back on the shoulder.
"You can't be too overprotective with a baby." Cas didn't want to admit that his husband was right; the past twenty-six days, Cas had been the one to feed, change, wash, and play with Jack. He hadn't let Dean do one thing even though the man offered several times. Cas even brought a sleeping bag into the nursery so he could be the one to soothe the baby back to sleep at night. He hadn't even allowed any family or friends to come over and meet Jack, insisting it would be too much "stimulation" for the infant.
"Oh no. No. I can't have you paying for us again. I got money, Cas. I was just kiddin' around."
"And Mom," Kelly went on, "sometimes I think you want to set me up because... well because you think Jack needs a dad, and that I'm not a good mother."
Dean had has legs folded against his chest, hands gripping his sheets. Castiel pushed one lube covered finger into his hole, and as usual when he prepped Dean, he went incredibly slowly. The younger man's cock was hard and leaking precum against his stomach, and he let out a high pitched whine when the second finger came in.
Dean rubbed his hands together. "Now you kids will see a how real player does it." His foot slid out from under him and he fell face first on to the mat.
Hannah shook her head, mouth quirked up slightly, a piece of lettuce sticking out. "You have no idea. He kept throwing loaves of whole wheat bread into the shopping cart when our dad took us grocery shopping as kids."
He hesitated, looking back into the living room. They were still just laughing and talking. "Uhm... alright."
"What's so funny?" Helen asked, filling up three glasses with milk.
Castiel tilted his head and blinked at him. "If that's what you wanted, why didn't you just say so?"
"Heya, Mr. Jones," John saluted, ignoring his son's "shush".
"The people in this bunker need to start talking like normal humans before I lose my friggin' mind."
"Okay, okay," Kelly said, laughing. She lifted her son up from behind. "Let's leave the lovebirds alone. You guys need to lock your front door, anybody can just walk right in."
"Look, Garth is gonna be here soon with a pair of pants for me, and then we'll be going inside. I don't want to hear anything from any of you, except 'amen's and 'also with you's and the like." He crossed his arms.
"Good."
"Nothing," Dean responded, reeling in his line and tossing it back out again.
Cas shrugged in a "what are you gonna do" gesture. "Jack picked it."
Sam gave him a smirk. "Wouldn't dream of it."
He shook his head. "We're having a dinner at 6:30. Your parents are coming, obviously. Sam and Eileen, Jody and James, Cesar and Jesse, and Naoki and Maya."
Cas cut him off with a kiss, and Dean moaned. He grabbed the older man by the shoulders and pulled him closer. His cock was getting harder, pressing against his sweats. Castiel shoved his t shirt up, pinching his right nipple hard.
Castiel jogged over to him. He knelt next to Dean. "Are you okay?"
"Yes, dear?"
"Knew he'd tell me," Dean finished for him.
"Fuck!" Dean shouted. "Fuckin' Christ."
It was a little past two the next day when they finally got back, and Castiel heated up the chicken noodle soup he had made, and they ate it in the "Dean Cave" while watching Scooby Doo on Zombie Island. Dean took the longest in eating his lunch because he kept picking out the vegetables.
"What are you two doing?" Jack asked, peering at them. Dean covered his groin.
John sat down and started in on his breakfast. "Tha- thi- it's delicious," the man said through mouthful off eggs. "What's th- what did you make it with?"
"M-maybe."
"You had a long day. I'll clean everything up. Why don't you get some rest?" He gave Dean a half smile before pushing Sam out of the bedroom and closing the door behind him.
"No, no. I-it's fine." Gabe waved a hand dismissively. "It's just a really long, really boring story."
"Hmmph."
Castiel narrowed his eyes at him. "Do you know why he bought me this?"
Blushing, Dean rubbed his neck and headed to the freezer. After a quick look inside, his stomach dropped.  "Uh, where are my bagel bites?" he asked worriedly.
He rubbed a hand over his face. "Why are you acting this way? Since when do you do the whole protective older brother thing?"
Kevin laughed, then seemed to remember something. "Here, Dean. Found this contest you'd be interested in."
Cas let out a low gasp. Why would they break up? he thought. Kaia was obviously trying to help her.
His sister looked up and down the tables. "It's... it's... right... about... oh! There it is!" She grabbed the plastic object and dangled it from two fingers. "Don't worry, he'll love it."
They were both startled by someone banging on the door.
Dean had gotten high only three times in his life and the feeling he'd had while smoking those joints could in no way compare to the feeling he had around Castiel Jones.
Cas kissed his temple.
Kicking the door open, Cas gave the man an icy glare as he led Dean by the hand back onto the dance floor.
Dean must have heard him because he wrapped an arm around Jack's shoulder, pulled him close, and planted a wet kiss on his temple. The boy gagged at the feeling of his uncle's lips suctioning his skin and the sticky maple syrup covered spit that was left behind.
Castiel stood, brushing chocolate chip cookie crumbs off his shorts.
"Someone's got a boyfriend," his dad sang teasingly.
The sheriff jumped out of the coach after pushing Alastair onto one of the benches inside and leaving him Deputy Talley. She headed oved to Dean, thumbs hooked in her belt and grinning.
He was taking a short break, doodling an ugly fat bee in his sketchbook, when someone knocked on his cubicle wall.
Cas tilted his head to the side. "Because it's my name?"
"It's Netflix, dumbass."
Eventually Dean ran into his house and locked the door behind him. Determined, Cas ran up to his room and stepped out the window on to the roof. Backing up a few feet, he squared his shoulders, took a deep breath, ran, and jumped onto Dean's roof.
"Dean."
Castiel sprung up from the bed and headed into the hallway. "I'm taking the Impala," he informed his boyfriend.
"A speech delivered at a funeral," Mary answered, shaking her head. Then muttering, "So dramatic."
She shrugged. "It was okay."
"Christ. Fine. I'll pay for your crap, I'll pay for his crap, I'll pay for everything."
Jody took a napkinh out of her pocket and covered the item. "Thank you, sweetie. Now why don't you head home and have your mom fix those scrapes of yours?"
"Nope. What do you think, buddy? Does Cas have a sense of humor?"
"Are you okay?" Cas asked, giving his left shoulder a squeeze.
"Oh, look at that," his mom said, glancing at Felix, "you're wearing him as jewelry. Again. I guess you wouldn't be able to do that with a dog. Listen, honey, how would you like to spend the night at Cas and Dean's?"
Castiel sighed. "Claire, would you please release his face?"
"You guys really aren't Christmas people, huh?"
Kelly nodded. "Yeah, my grandpa was kinda lookin' like he was trying not to laugh. I trust them to keep quiet, though." She snickered. "If I believed in gaydar I'd say we have to worry about Max, he absolutely would snitch."
"Why?"
"I like Papa Mousekiwitz," Kevin responded. "He's musical. And jolly."
They stopped at the bottom of the steps to the house, the wind picking up speed and drops of rain beginning to fall from above.
Stepping inside his warm home, he hung his backpack on the hook near the door and headed into the living room. He sighed sadly when he saw his mom and Sam sleeping on the couch, Claire dozing in her playpen. It was a sight he'd been getting used to seeing.
"Whatever. Just clean up when you and you're fin- when you and your boytoy are done."
The front door the Winchester house slammed open and their dad's voice boomed over the whistling wind. "Get inside before you two blow away!"
"Oh! Right. Yeah he is, with that actor guy."
Castiel sucked his teeth and skated towards him.
"Oh, is trying to prolong your lives a bad thing?" Cas asked crossing his arms. "You'll thank me one day."
"But h-"
"I... uh..." he mumbled. "I-I think you have to use the pump n-now?"
"I'm taking a chance h- you know what? Shut up." Dean turned on his heel and marched downstairs.
"I already know what I'm getting. Bacon double cheeseburger with a fried egg on top and chili cheese fries."
"Yeah, that's life. I assume you got evicted for not having any."
Jack smiled brightly. "Felix scared him."
“I do too…” Dean whispered back. Spending the night together, as if it was the last.
“Not without wings. He’s an angel he’s going to travel like a human.” Hannah glared at Dean’s detective statement. Crossing her arms and pouted.
Dean pulled him into a deep passionate kiss, making over-the-top moans. Messing his hands in Cas’s hair. “Mine. And My baby’s daddy.” Cas looked like a computer stopped working. Stunned blushing, a stirring mess of cuteness. Trying to look tough, but like that Dean can turn him into that bee catcher version of himself. A goofy hot mess. Then Dean pushed him away, the whole time glaring at her.
"Emotion support, okay, no. Let's go," Dean stepped inside. Sam just looked at news articles, possible hunt leads on his phone. Getting a text.
Sam smiled at Cas saying no and Dean looking shocked, it felt good to see someone tell his asshole brother no for once. Especially after the blade. “If you don’t want my help then I will follow the trail to Colorado. I have to do something Dean.”
"The bunker is safe, Dean,' Sam said out of painful silence. Dean just hummed. "You know you have the choice here, but how bad would it be to have a rugrat around?"
Sam came back. The hunt was a bust- or at least a sad ending, he knows by the way Sam is walking. Grabbing a stack of files and articles, sitting at the other table with a beer. Dean isn't going to ask. He doesn't want to push- he doesn't want to talk about himself. If Sam wants to talk, it's up to him- "You were right, Dean."
“Why would she do that?” Cas yelled at him.
"Cas?"
“When have you ever known Dean to rest?” Cas replied. Sam chuckled as it was true, but solemn thinking what trouble Dean was getting into. “People are going to use the child as a weapon. Or try to destroy them, either way, will be in danger.”
“Stow your baggage, Dean.” Sam snapped. “Look we got a case. Can’t you two function like a real couple for 5 fucking minutes. One minute it’s loud ass phone sex, now it’s murder. Pick an extreme, guys.”
"You're lying to Sam like he's your wife. That makes me your mistress." Dean wanted to turn around and push him, and again not. To be 100% honest, his fever started right before the mark, in that bar, Crowley and his stupid flower.
"No, dick won't listen to me. I've been calling him nonstop, prayers, I'm only going to tell him in person. I am not keeping it. It's not mine. It has no place in my life. I could never do that, bring a kid into all this crazy. Hell, Emma was a baby monster, and Ben doesn't even know me- So hey! I'm A+ dad material."
Taking a drive out to Jody’s getting prepared for any day now with popping. “So you’re still good about this?” Dean asked, Jody, patted his cheek. “Yeah stop worrying so much. We got this, and if you need any help I’m here. Now set the table I got a dinner for us.”
Major Character Death
"Yeah, well, getting a hold of him would be nice." Dean wiped his eyes, getting up. "I think I'm exhausted. I'm going to shower and nap. Enjoy the steak," Dean gave a weak smile. Sam could tell he was going to burst again. Sam sat down in the chair, taking this in. He was, in fact, was an uncle. Dean was carrying someone they both love's baby. Dean was 11 weeks. It was confirmed it doesn't show much on guys. He couldn't tell- yet it's probably only an inch big. Picking up his phone, leaving a message for Cas. "Please answer Dean. He needs you so badly right now. Don't be that guy while he's going through this- you helped this happen and know all he needs right now is you. Also, don't tell Dean I called you on this. He wants to do this solo… Dean."
"We need to find Abaddon. ASAP… She's mining souls."
"So the plan remains the same?" Crowley asked, also a little note of suicide. Dean is aware his baby will kill him- not important- and if it's angel's- that will be the most painfully c-section ever. -Also, not necessary. I don't care.-
“But these are my people, I can help,” Cas replied looking at him confused.
"Dean, this is like the trials."
“So this is some kind of hit?” Sam continued to question Cas.
“I don’t know.”
That first touch of sweet dark honey-colored medicine, running through his veins, calming him. In ways, it's like this bottle is like the only thing in his life, that it's that breaking bridge from him having a meltdown.
"Oh, if only. Does this mystery baby daddy know?" Dean didn't answer for a bit, continuing his game. "Well, anyway, the blade… You want to know what I think? I think you felt powerful, virile. After getting pregnant, you found out you are an omega, one of your fears. How weak a reputation, a bloody omega as a hunter. Dean Winchester's prime example of Alpha is with a child! When you touched that blade, you felt what you needed, that power, to be strong… and that's why you're afraid."
“Whatever, don’t let the door hit ya you fried chicken,” Dean called back. Angels staring at him. “What? We kid. Try it sometime you stiffs.”
"Shut it. Demons don't take leaks. Next time you wanna shoot up, why don't you find a better excuse?" Dean chewed, Crowley smiled- oh, cares for me.
“What the fuck happened Dean?” Sam yelled at him, ripping the duct tape off his mouth.
"I hate you, I hate you, I hate you, I hate you…." Dean chanted over under his breath, filling out paperwork. "Dean?"
“I agree, but we’ll do our best. We’ll figure it out, and Dean will figure it out too.”
“Because you don’t trust me?” Cas dropped his mouth in disbelief.
“Yeah his obsession with the blade is insane, probably doesn’t help he’s going into labor soon. Just gotta get this done, maybe he’ll then rest.”
"He was meaning that I ugh," Dean bit and tried to give that goofy smile like he was pushing something off. His worst tell. "That I was, you know I'm Alpha? I mean, remember I was once supposed to be a dick with wings' vessel. Come on, Sammy, how would he know? I'm not tested. Angels told us, that's enough."
“Alright fine, Sam is coming with you.”
"AH! No one, I was remembering something funny I watched on this show. What? You never quote shows?"
Crowley stood over Dean’s body, reciting a speech about the truth of the blade. He placed his hands on Dean’s stomach, pulling his skin apart from the stab wound. Looking up at him was a baby, healthy and breathing. Uncrying, but a glow around her. Taking her and wrapping her in a red cloth, as he placed the blade in Dean’s hand. Awakening a demon, his eyes flashed black. Waking up, unnoticing of the baby in Crowley’s arms. “I’m ready to howl at that moon.” The demon smiled wickedly, healing. The two vanishing in thin air, as Sam entered with Cas to find the bed empty. Starting the series of events over the next few months, the two trying to find Dean. Working together, Sam hurting his arm… Cas burning up and closer to a dead light bulb, the depression and mourning not helping.
The trap was set, but another angel was hurt. It was made to hurt Cas, and feeling the shame. Metatron with the angels, heaven portal. Returning quickly finding that Dean had killed Tessa the reaper. Dean was tied up and beaten up, as he put up a fight.
"... obsessed."
Sam instantly found him based on the vessel’s name. “That’s how we do things in the pros,” Dean smirked, point 3 for me. Thanks, Sam.
"What?" Dean asked, confused. Since when is the right with Sam.
“Dammnit Dean.” Cas ran his fingers in his hair. Hannah grabbed Dean, with a few other angels. Giving Cas a choice, to kill Dean or lose them. An impossible choice, he would always choose Dean. Watching his army leave. Feeling defeat, they stayed quiet the whole drive Dean kept his head down while Sam drove. Cas watched him from the backseat, Dean looked sick… like a drug addict. Hallowed, and small. Sam stormed inside to sleep, Dean grabbed a drink sitting with Cas.
"I find her. You bring the blade."
“I didn’t do it! She pushed herself, she killed herself!”
“Dea-”
Sam is actually maybe catching on Dean isn’t insane this angel is pining over Cas. By trying to be an utter suck-up, Dean wasn’t having her get a win. By being better, by doing the bare minimum of what he does for a so-called living. No two wit angel, pretty as she is. Will out hunt Dean, or make Dean look bad for Cas. Dean could be in a garage fashion show, covered in dog shit, and Cas will still want him.
“What really?” Dean was speechless. They finished the dinner with happy laughs and baby talk. Towards the end, leaving. He pulled Jody to the side. “Look, I don’t feel strong enough… Please don’t blame yourself if I don’t make it. Look out for my guys, and her. I want you to be the godmother, guide them through raising her.”
“Last time you had this kind of juice. You did kill humans. And angels. You did nothing but lie to me and Sam, the whole fucking time. You did everything in order to get your way including, putting Lisa and Ben in harm’s way. In order to hurt me-”
Dean spent the next day praying to Cas. Of course, that would never work. He doesn't have his grace or wings- also, getting that bastard on the phone was like winning the Powerball. If he wasn't calling Cas, telling him we need to meet in private, or a slight of I'm really sick- I need you. He needs Cas. He doesn't know what he's doing anymore- he should've miscarried already, it seems. If anything, the fetus is unaffected. As if Dean could fast, and it wouldn't need anything, just his breathing is making it strong. Maybe the mark, he only had the mark for about 2 weeks before he had sex with Cas- perhaps it's keeping it alive. "It." If he wasn't moping around, waiting for Cas to give a godly sign, he was in the files. If he wasn't in the files, he was having morning sickness. Which isn't really morning. It's whenever I don't give a fuck- as the baby, my job is to hate you, Dean.
“They like to hear me say their names,” Cas replied dully. Picking up Dean wasn’t the fan of it. At least anyone else.
“Please?”
Art by
"We aren't doing anything invasive if you'd like emotional support."
“You hold roll call?” Sam asked looking at Cas strangely.
“You gave up an entire army for me… no of course not. But we need to talk about your batteries. How much time left?”
“I told you not to bring that blade!”
“That’s sorta the problem. Manson girls aren’t going to give us straight answers with Charlie in the house.”
"Sure. Whatever you got to tell yourself to let you sleep better at night- clearly, you don't look like enough sleep."
"Okay… Hit me up if something comes up." Sam leaves Dean in his pestering mood of stick up his ass-ness. He was going to look into books, then drink an entire bottle of liquor.
"After a very little soul searching, I decided to embrace my addiction. What about you? Takes a junkie to know a junkie." Dean took an annoyed breath, patience. "You are just dying to touch it again, aren't you."
“No.”
Cas felt cold. His heart stopped. “He’s dead too.” Ringing in his ears, angels came in taking Metatron. Losing everything in the process. Losing Dean… Losing their daughter. Feeling sick and couldn’t move. As Metatron was placed in Heaven’s prison, unable to care about the angels especially Hannah speaking to him. He wanted to burn out, stop existing. It took everything to move each foot forward, going towards the bunker. Going to see Dean’s body… the horrific event. Imagining his asshole, taking and destroying the life in Dean. His hands-on her, made him fall over and cry on the sidewalk. He couldn’t stand another second, heaped over in tears. He didn’t get the happy ending, he wanted so bad for it to happen. Winning the battle but lost everything too. The only thing ever keeping him going, laid in the bushes turning into stone. Staring at the sky… wondering if Dean’s soul has already been taken.
"He has other things on his mind," Crowley said fondly. Thinking of the perfect weapon Dean is and that gorgeous mother glow he'll get in a couple months.
"It's okay Dean, hey I'm going to cook up a fat juicy steak- but you're the cook, can you help me. I mean, we never do anything like that anymore," Sam gave big cute little brother eyes that made Dean melt.
Dean felt his heatwave hitting him like a rush, making him puke in a trashcan by the door before going outside for air.
"Really- are you sure about that?"
"Fine, sorry, I guess." Sam teetered, rubbing his temples. "It has been a long day."
"Alright, I want a chick this time."
"Sam. I had broken my phone on a hunt and have been saving for a new one. I couldn't remember Dean's, but I had yours from when I finished healing you. I probably wasn't needed, but if I was, what is an update?"
"I'm fine," Dean said very quickly, cutting him off- leave me alone.
"Well, maybe if the government wasn't so fucking picking on girls getting abortions, they'd let guys too. It's like no one can get help these days… Not to mention, we're dealing with the mark and, well, Castiel's kid."
"Yes," Sam decides just to call- it's too important. "Sam?"
“Dean I…”
"Oh my god, does he know?" Sam asked.
"DEAN!" Sam said, shocked. "That's a bit cruel."
"Well cancel, I'm not in the mood to go on a blind date."
"Now we marinate it for a bit," Dean said quickly, leaving the kitchen breathing. Dean loves the smell, but the little bastard doesn't. "You better not be a fucking vegan," Dean growled at his stomach as Sam peeked over. "Who are you talking to?"
"So what happened? The doc called, what did you do- you were clearly hiding it."
"No, it's not," Dean warned. His head in a toilet, spitting- drinking cold water- puking again. It's like a hangover that won't go away.
His body was still shaken and trembled from when he touched the blade, in ways bringing memories of purgatory back. How pure, clean it was to kill. How easy it was to kill Magnus. This was still a human, though. Dean felt all the pain from the blade caused like he's had it forever, Cain and Abel as if he felt Abel's blood. Also, a kid pressing on the bladder, driving him insane from demanding so much sleep from keeping him up. He shouldn't drink, but this wasn't his idea to get pregnant. If he miscarries, he doesn't have to tell anyone. There weren't many abortion plans for omega men. Usually, getting hurt helps.
Cas appeared behind Dean and grabbed  his shoulder. "What happened? Why did you scream? Are you okay?"
Lip quivering, Jack dragged himself to his room. He quietly shut the door and dropped face first onto his bed and screamed into the pillow.
"What's wrong?" Cas asked, concerned.
Maggie snorted. "You would think... What's the matter? You made a face."
"Dean?" he called out, walking to the kitchen. "Dean?"
"I think so. I haven't thought of anything e- mmph!" Dean had jumped onto Castiel, catching him in a kiss. Cas, still holding the paper and pen, used his other hand to grab Dean's neck. He kissed back and pushed Dean onto his back. Something occurred to him and he pulled away from his boyfriend.
Dean furrowed his brow. "That's... nice."
-----
"Oh." Jack looked down at the linoleum floor between his slippers. "Where's mommy?"
Cas put his hand on his shoulder. "It's okay. We can order something."
"Stupid baby," he grumbled. Him and Kevin had been having a lot of fun; there weren't any other kids at the park. It was nice hanging out with another boy, but he still wished Maggie had come.
"Good." Jack responded as he descended the stairs. "Maggie fell in mud." The girl lightly punched his shoulder in response then headed off to her room.
Jack looked up at Cas and cocked his head to the side. "Mmm... no."
"No. No I did not. Why don't you just ask him out?"
Alastair sniffed and said in a soft voice, "Weapons? Me? Never. I'm a law abiding citizen."
"How do you know about his biceps?"
"Of course I do. It's just that... I don't know, he's so small and fragile I don't want anything to happen to him and if I'm the one with him all the time, I can make sure he's stays safe."
Dean yawned. "No, thank you."
"I... haven't asked my mom or Sam about that."
"Th-this one is fine. Quit your bellyaching."
"This is such a wonderful book," he said, running a hand over the cover. "Now, what did you want?"
She sighed. "I guess so."
"We should be eating chum," Jack had said when they put their shirts on, "but I guess PB and J is a good enough substitute."
-No, it's Miracle. Remember?-
Charlie pressed on her controller, and the gampelay onscreen stopped. "No, I'm gonna fuckin' turn it up." She spun around on her ass to face Cas. With the AC cranked up it was cold, and she had on a lime green hoodie zipped all the way up and oversized hot pink sweatpants. Ugly bright socks donned her feet and one had a small hole in the toe.
"Maybe tomorrow," Cas had responded without looking up from his phone. "Then you'll get to meet Claire."
The cat coughed. -Tell your daddy this dry food is horrendous. Get a different brand.-
Dean locked eyes with the doctor's reflection.  "This kind of stuff never goes well for me."
"You're the reason I knew, Cas. That I liked guys. Your stupid blue eyes and kissable lips and your body. Makes me crazy. Everything about you makes me lose it."
******
"Anything on your mind, bud?" Dean asked as Jack stacked his chicken nuggets into a pyramid.
"This is my son, Dean," his dad said, pointing at him.
Right before paddling away, the older man looked Dean up and down and gave him a half smile and a wink.
Dean focused straight ahead. "I don't see him. I don't have to do anything."
"Well you're really cute, so I'll forgive ya."
Dean leaned toward the doctor. "Yeah. I am."
"Will you take me to Rite Aid?"
Dean sucked his teeth. "Cas, maybe they really are too young for this. If you think they've been such a problem, we can rehire the babysitter for Sundays."
"Portabello mushroom burgers."
The red foam ball flew up and into the ceiling, snapping open a broad tile. Dust rained down on the dojo floor and decorated Jack's hair with little white dots.
John made a "tsk"ing noise. "Thirty seconds since you last asked. Oh look at this idiot. Can't fucking drive."
Jody crouched down and gripped tight to the man's ankles, not acknowledging his unintelligible screeches of protest. She nodded at Jake, and Dean watched him tip the syrupy substance on to the hood of the Impala, slipping the now empty bottle into his pocket. He curled his fingers underneath the car and, to Dean's complete and utter disbelief, lifted it high up in the air above his head, as easily as if he had picked up an empty cardboard box.
"I was not," Jack insisted. "I was looking for, er, candy."
Because he was holding his phone, Cas fingerspelled 'Congratulations' instead of signing it. "Another Winchester, huh? Your parents must be ecstatic."
'Of course ;)'
"You don't have to," Helen said sincerely.
Cas shrugged. "I just assumed you didn't like to go out. That's fine by me, I'm good staying in. I liked what we were doing. Eating, a movie, sex... I mean, you always came right over when I called."
Sam looked around warily. "What the hell are you screaming about? What's poisonous?"
"No dessert?" Gabe asked.
"Just so we're clear," Dean declared, pointing at Ben, "if there are any problems, then not only will you not be getting your 100 bucks, but there will be no video games or Impala for two weeks."
"Nah. My mom caught me right away."
Jack gasped.  "Really? I can?"
*****
Jack excitedly opened the lid. A dagger stared back at him, hilt carved with a grinning dragon.
She smiled wider, showing off her top row of teeth, and patted his shoulder. "No worries, sir. I get it. Got sucked up in a hitch-a-ride. Would be dead if it was a real tornado. Witches, am I right?"
"What?"
This trip was different. It was a surprise to him and he had a short amount of time to get ready. Unfortunately, his brother was making it harder; every item that was carefully folded into the bag was taken out and shoved back into his dresser.
Eileen laughed harder, and Miracle heard his uncle's heart beat faster. He was smiling at her, and he gave her the same kind of look the dog's father always gave Cas.
When the words had processed their way into Dean's brain, he sighed sadly. The sight that he'd seen in that room and what he had just listened to was familiar to him. His parents had spent almost every night with him at that table, trying to help him get through his own homework and study for exams, and it was always extra hard for his dad but Dean always appreciated how much he tried. Despite all their support and help, all he had to show for his high school career was a wrestling trophy and the framed GED above his bed.
When it got pretty late, the occupants all went to different areas of the house, most heading upstairs to one of the three bedrooms. Charlie and Stevie were on the pull out bed and Layla was squeezed onto the loveseat. Cas was near the fireplace on the air mattress he brought, Jack on the floor next to him tucked into his solar system sleeping bag, reading out loud from Goosebumps number 16, One Day at HorrorLand.
"Yes, the geriatric residents have currently not passed on," he responded sharply.
Sam wrapped his arms around Dean and brought them both to the floor. He grabbed the guitar and yanked it out of Dean's hands.
*****
Sam had essentially turned the living room into his bedroom; a full set of plaid sheets now had a home on the couch, and Dean's expensive coffee table was pushed up against wall, covered with stacks of Sam's books and little knick knacks he'd saved from the fire. He'd bought a dresser at a thrift store and stuffed it full of his clothes, and everytime Dean glanced at the ugly old thing, he became increasingly worried Sam would be there for a long time.
"Are you trying to say I should find another guy?"
Jack sighed. "Yeah. This building didn't have an empty three bedroom for us. Dean and Cas took our old place."
"Thanks, Mom," she responded.
They had jogged into the emergency room, Jack still in Castiel's arms. Dean yelled when they were told they had to wait a few minutes, and a security guard nearly had to escort him outside. When he finally calmed down, the three males sat on the chairs on the waiting area, Jack sitting on his own seat, a stack of napkins pressed against his nose. Dean kept tapping his foot on the floor.
🥞🧇🎈🎉🎊
He quietly walked into the ktichen and tapped his stepdad on the back. Sam turned away from the stove and smiled down at him. He gave the boy a side hug, spatula still in his hand.
Cas nodded, politely but obviously confused.
******
"Yep," Dean confirmed, hooking a thumb behind him toward the restroom. "Jus' taking a leak. You finished?"
Brow furrowed, Dean turn the heat on the stove down and turned to the man. "Jo's best friend. And one of her roommates."
"They taste fine," Jesse insisted. "Can't even tell the difference."
Dean quickly caught up. "Discount?"
Jack shook his head. "Nuh-uh, Aunt Stevie! Cas and Dean were boyfriends! Coach Gabe and him would never date!"
"I'm fine. How... how are you?"
"Oh. I guess I really did hide it well. At least from you."
He was allowed to come home after school the next day, and he had to be really quiet.
"Great, thanks." Castiel took the box and went to shut the door, but Dean stuck his foot out and pushed it back open.
Anael shrugged. "She said we could."
Reaching into the backseat, he pulled out a notebook that had a large white unicorn running into a dark blue ocean on the cover. After he locked up the car, he turned around and a man about his size zoomed by him on rollerblades, causing him to stumble backwards against the door.
Castiel took one step toward him, and then he heard the front door open.
Dean shrugged one shoulder. "I don't want to spend the rest of my life changing lightbulbs at some dumb hotel. In fact, I went to see my parents after Amara canned me. They said they'd let me work in the bodyshop as long as I take business classes. So I can run it some day." He stood straighter, puffed out his chest. Proud.
Whenever he came in to clean the stalls he always went to Empty's box last. It allowed him to spend a little more time with her, and he thought of it as perfect type of therapy; it was free and he didn't have to hear anything he didn't agree with.
Cas nodded to the bag of pretzels and sour cream and onion Pringles can Dean was holding. "Getting snacks?"
He was inside the tornado.
"Hey, kid. Your mom wants you."
Dean inclined his head towards Max and shot Castiel a wink. "Cute, right?"
Cas left them to their playful bickering and took his food and drink to the back, where Dean was sitting in the biggest chair, book in his lap. He whispered "I love you" into his ear and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek, and ignored the collective "Ew" he heard.
Claire covered her mouth and went over to the sink and turn on the faucet. "Jack, can you go keep a look out?"
Mary smacked John lightly with her book. "Babe, just suck it up and give them more money."
"Yes! Are you Queen Redhead?"
"You always ask me that," Dean panted. "Everytime. And I'm alway fine. Come on." He pushed back against the angel, encouraging him to move. "Please?"
"Your father is in there, destroying the toilet. I warned him about eating all that broccoli."
"Would you look at that," Castiel smiled at the sight, "doing the right thing despite your bad example."
Dark hair sticking up in a hundred different directions, eyes the color of a sky on a perfect summer day, scruff covering a sharp jawline. A labcoat was hung on the back of the rolling chair he was on, and the short-sleeved white buttondown showed off the doctor's muscular arms.
"Oh. You have cooties!" Adam giggled and ran off, taking his bag upstairs with him.
"What are they doing?"
The thought of his sister being born made him feel anxious. Nerve racking thoughts would start to swirl around in his head, like  whether or not Sam would still have the time and energy to make him his special breakfast art on weekends after she was born. Or whether his mom would still sit with him and read a book on her phone while he watched Star Wars. Or if his family would still come to see him at his Taekwondo classes and soccer games. He really wanted his sister to be born as soon as possible so it would be over with and he would find how much his life would actually change.
Dean sighed. "Her name is Claire. And that's not true, they love you. That's why they think it's best you spend a little time away from here so you can sleep and function properly."
"Jack, bud. We gotta go."
Dean shook his head. "No. No don't be sorry. It's okay. We don't have to. Uhm, are you tired? 'Cause I'm not. We could do something else. A movie?" He reached over and took his laptop off his nightstand. "I actually found this cartoon you might like. This girl ends up in another world dominated by like, frogs and toads and stuff."
🥞🧇🎈🎉🎊
Master Turner had them warm up with stretching first, touching their toes and reaching up as high as they could. Then they did jumping jacks and ran in place. When they had to stand on one leg, Kevin lost his balance and fell, and Jack helped him up and they both giggled.
"It is," Dean and Sam replied in unison.
"The wire I plugged in over here is s'posed make it play on the projector," Jack went on, and Castiel could hear him furiously tapping on the keyboard. "It shows on the wall there. That's why it's bare."
"He invited you?"
"But he tried again?" Dean asked. "And did he finish?"
The dog, lying in her bed, lifted her head up to look at Dean, yawned, panted for a few seconds, then put her head back down and closed her eyes.
'How about that u not so secretly want to marry him and adopt 3 kids nd open a b&b with him?'
"Y-yeah." Dean gripped his keys tighter.
There was a sigh from under the car. "The keys?"
"That's not gonna last long, man. You'll have to face them sooner or later."
"Like, I don't know. H-hugging? An-and gifts and, cuddling! All that romantic crap!"
Dean chuckled. "Very admirable of you." Wait, he thought. What did he say? "Boyfriend?"
"That wasn't what I meant."
"You didn't answer your phone."
He grinned. "De-" His happy shout was cut off when he rode right into a bicycle rack. "Ow."
When it was time to line up to kick the plastic targets, an exercise they did every class, Jack grabbed Kevin and Maggie's hands and ran past the other two instructors to Instructor Singer. Them and two other kids, Clark and Patience, lined up in front of the man.
Dean chuckled and hugged Cas from behind. "Mmm. You smell terrible."
In retrospect, Cas thought as he ran through the woods, this was probably a stupid idea. There had been plenty of opportunities for Castiel to take Dean home, but no, they had to go to the stupid party.
"Yes," Cas responded, giving Dean a kiss. "You cleaned."
"When can you come back to class or soccer?"
"You need to put some clothes on."
"You don't have to," Cas said, getting out himself.
"Will you at least walk? It'll be less tiring. And I'll buy you ice cream."
With his stomach full of the veggie burger his dad somehow made tolerable, Dean sat on one of the chairs on the porch. The sounds of leaves rustling and crickets chirping was loud out in the woods, he noted. He yawned, stretched, winced when his elbow cracked, and pulled out his phone.
Sam dropped his book. "Can I come?"
"First bees now frogs?" Dean asked. "Are you serious?"
"You sound just like Dean," Jack commented. Castiel silently agreed.
Cas pressed his lips into a thin line. "Half siblings. And sorry about that. Not inc- counting Anael, you should've met all six."
Cas shrugged, even though Anael was facing away from him. "I guess you're allowed. I'm assuming Spruce really likes that red string you call a bathing suit."
"No. Dean has... tried. But I've been able to avoid him these past two weeks."
"You know I'm an adult, right?"
They smiled at one another.
"No way!" Kevin and Jack said in unison.
"Hello, Mr. Winchester," he greeted, putting the paper he was scribbling on onto a stack of papers to his left .
The boy, just brushing fifteen, bit his bottom lip. "It's just... it's coming up soon and I was just... it seems kind of..." He couldn't think of the right word  to finish the sentence. Barbaric? Cruel? Animalistic? He finally settled on "Unfair."
Cas laughed, a big hearty laugh that Dean loved the sound, and clutching his stomach. "Is sh-she around?"
Cas looked in his direction. "Possible werewolf in Topeka. "
Tuesday afternoon Jack was waiting in the schoolyard with his classmates for Cas to pick him up. While he was looking around for the car, he was lifted up into the air and a kiss was pressed to his ear.
Ever since him and Cas became him and Cas, Dean had started noticing things about the ex-angel.
"Oh, what? They can't be both? Very narrowminded of you." He shook his head, as if disappointed. "And why the hell didn't she ask you two fucking weeks ago? Or last week? Why'd she give you ten minutes to get ready? Huh? That's not weird to you?"
An hour later, Castiel's dad picked Jack up and drove him home. Donatello let him sit in the front seat, even though he wasn't big enough, and they sang along to Radio Disney.
Four minutes later, when he finally came out, Cas had his legs folded up on the couch and a pillow blocking his crotch.
"You left them in our room."
"I'd rather you didn't," Dean replied.
Cas shook his head.
Cas looked down at his sleeping son and then at his husband, the other man's beautiful face smiling sweetly at him. He let out a long sigh. "I'll go to the store."
"I wasn- " he started to say, but his dad threw the bag at him, making him stumble back.
Dean jumped out of the way of a woman speeding by on a bike, scowling at her back; she came way too close to his car. There were several people riding around on bikes or skateboards, some walking around, and most of them were ignoring him completely, but a few looked at him with expressions that Dean could only describe as annoyed, and he found that very weird. A car fell from the sky, wouldn't a crowd of confused people be surrounding him?
His dad came back into the office then, drying his hands with a paper towel from the bathroom's dispenser. "Damn, that was brutal. I pity the next person to go in there."
Suddenly, there were arms around him, hands clasped together in the middle of his stomach. Kisses were pressed to his shoulder, and Dean found himself instantly relaxing.
"And seems to like kids," Cas pointed out. "Your dad and Kate will be happy about that."
"Gabe-" Cas started
"There is nothing satisfying about sore legs. But I will take and enjoy the ice cream as my reward for letting you drag me out here."
"No," Dean said sharply. "No. Tha- thanks but no. I'm seriously okay." He stood up from the bench and stumbled, and Cas grabbed him, hands gripping his elbows. The helmet knocked lightly against Castiel's forehead.
Dean made a fake gagging noise. "Gross."
"Kind of," Dean agreed, grabbing one of his hands and kissing his knuckles. "But we can be obnoxious sometimes."
"Claire," Small Dad yelled, "you are in so much trouble!"
"Why are you torturing yourself?"
The cookie dough was flattened onto the baking pan, and Castiel and Jack took turns pressing in the shapes. There was a gingerbread bread man, a tree, and reindeer. Cas loved frosting the cookies best, and he started thinking about when he helped Dean and his dad bake them at the house. Dean would always draw genitals and breasts on them.
"Dean. Stop. It'll be fun."
******
"Hm. Maybe an ex? Like Sarah or Madison?"
Dean had taken his nephew to the park and the two had played in the playground, chasing eachother, racing on the monkey bars, and swinging on the swingset. After about two hours they had started to feel hungry and went for a snack at Cafe Parfait. They planned on heading to Barnes and Noble when they were finished.
Cas laughed.  "I won't deny that."
"Hell if I know."
Cas, smiling wide, splashed him back. "You don't seem too upset about it."
"I got nowhere to be."
Castiel sat up straighter in his chair. "I apologize as well."
"Shush," Uncle Sammy scolded.
Miracle whimpered but obeyed, and Uncle Sammy gave him a nice head rub.
Castiel playfully slapped his shoulder and kissed him. As they got their own slices, the bell over the front door dinged and Jack came barreling in, his mom and Gabe behind him.
"Cas!"
The nine year old struggled weakly and giggled as he was continuously tickled and kissed by his uncles. The two men finally stopped when Sam came over to the couch with breakfast.
"Oh, no," Dean answered. "I'm actu-"
"Merry Christmas!" He threw his hands into the air. "Are you and Cas boyfriends again?"
"Cas, please help," she pleaded. "He's being-oof. Difficult."
-You're in trouble,- Bones said happily.
"My boyfriend," Gabriel exclaimed, grabbing his hand and planting a kiss on his cheek. "We, uh, had a big fight a couple days ago. And he... texted me yesterday and we talked and I invited him. For dinner. But I guess he decided to come early. Is this okay?"
"Was the sound too muffled for all of you to hear properly?"
"Hey, chill. I was just asking. Sometimes I forget to wash my hands."
Dean cleared his throat. "Uh. Here you go," he said, handing his driver's license to the sheriff. "I'll get it back right? I need to drive. Home, I mean. I can go home, right? I'm not, like in trouble or anything?"
An evening breeze blew in from the open window and Castiel stuck his head out. It had been a tiring few hours for him. After a dinner of fruit and cereal, he headed up to his room and emptied the boxes the movers stacked up in his bedroom a few months ago. He was sweaty and ready for bed.
'Campbell's Weightless Solution. A few drops and any item of your desire weighs absolutely nothing! Keep out of reach of children.'
"Okay, call him," she said.
Yawning, Dean scratched his stomach and rolled out of bed. In the mirror on the dresser, he could see his hair all messed up. Bruises and bite marks covered his neck and collarbone and dissappeared underneath his white sleeveless shirt. He poked at one that looked like it was from a vampire attack.
"Y'know Dean, Cas has been talking about you a lot," Gabe continued, smirking.
"They have a spa. And an arcade."
"Did you... you know."
"I need to set a good example for my patients," he replied simply.
Castiel looked up from the bag of mini KitKats he was inspecting and smiled warmly at Dean, making his face blush.
"Deano still asleep?"
"You guys should write a song together, " Caesar suggested.
"Yeah!" Jack jumped onto his feet.  "Lemme see it!" Cas turned the box in his direction. "Cool, face painting!"
"Please?" Cas asked, drawing out the "e".
Dean, eyes wide, stammered out, "Wh- I- y- dating? Wh-when? How?"
"Uh. Yes?" he answered, sounding unsure. "You said your sister is... deaf and your uncle is bald."
Dean rolled his eyes. "Just give us money."
Suddenly, he was yanked out of the air and  pulled over someone's legs. His shirt was hiked up and fingers started lightly running all over his back.
"I can put on an act when I want to," Castiel replied, indignant.
"I like you," Gabriel blurted. His eyes widened when he realized what he had said. "Uh."
Jack tugged on his hoodie strings as he watched his friend walk away.
"Gross," Jack muttered.
"Can I give the snake anything? " Claire asked teasingly.
His husband swallowed and shook his head slightly. "Doesn't seem like it, with the way you've been hoggin' him and all. I've held him like twice. I think you're being way too overprotective."
Cas glowered at her. "Do you know what that stuff is made out of?"
Castiel threw his arms out wide, exasperated. "Those are gifts!"
While the movie started, Jack ran to a corner of the kitchen and grabbed the spinning chair Dean had bought him last Christmas. He rolled it right at the end of the kitchen table, then went to get himself a glass of milk, an apple, and a peanut butter and banana sandwich.
When Maggie had served everyone, she took a seat next to Jack and Cas sat next to Dean. Castiel poured a handful of croutons and Thousand Island dressing into his bowl.
Naomi held her hand up and the head gaurd brought Bela to the noose and slipped the woman's head through.  He stepped back and pulled a lever, releasing the trap door below her. Her lifeless body stayed suspended in the air, swinging slightly.
"Oh, hey," Sam's voice called out from the entryway to the kitchen. "It's you! Is... is Dean your brother?"
"Nah. I drove him home and kissed his cheek." He looked back at the booth, where the two men they left behind still didn't notice they were alone. "How long have they be-"
The boy furrowed his brow. "Why would he..." Jack let out a small gasp as he realized what had happened. "You forgot me?!"
"Hmm... Can Castiel do anything? He is the town astronomer. He's the one who tells the council when the blue moon happens."
The moment he spotted his father and sister slicing through the water, he jumped high in the air, cloak flapping behind him. He watched as his sister, Maggie, tied  a thin rope to an empty hook in the dock, joining the other waiting sea vessels.
Dean felt his face heat up. "Shut up."
"Are you having an orgasm?" Sam asked from the cot, sitting crosslegged and flipping through one of the books he bought, the rest stacked precariously next to him.
"Wow," Cas said when he was done. "Bless you, bless you, and bless you."
"And yet," Maggie added, "she can lick dirty plates. That man's mind is a mystery wrapped in an enigma."
"Don't worry about him. I really wanted to talk to you. I know you hate me right now, b-"
"Can we get chips? " Sam asked. "I didn't bring any money."
Dean sat up on his elbows. "So? You can swim."
"Grown ups are weird," Jack said to himself as followed the two men.
Maybe it should have been when Cas convinced him to dress in a button down and khakis so no one would know he was in high school. Maybe it should have been when they waited an hour at an abandoned lot for Cas's friend Gabriel to show up with a most likely stolen school bus. Maybe it should have been when they trudged up a path in the woods to the zipline, and Dean nearly shook with fear when he was strapped into the harness. Or maybe it should have been when Gabriel told them that to get to the area where the DJ and tables of food and drinks were, they had to run through a dense group of trees.
Concerned and curious, the young boy walked around the back of the tent, where he found Castiel and his husband Dean. Jack's hand went to the leather sheath around his waist. Dean had made it and given it to him for free to hold his dagger. The two men were whispering and he walked closer.
Jack had been jostled by the sea of people scrambling towards the town square. It was a race to get to the front for a good view. A fire was burning brightly in front of the gallows, orange embers floating upwards into the air, disappearing in front of him.
Dean leaned over and looked inside. "Is this a joke?"
By the time he was able to right himself and fix his glasses, the guy was gone.
Him and his uncle finished the dishes and his uncle went back to his own home. Jack headed into his bedroom and rubbed the yellow cream  from the medicine chest against his mother's sweaty forehead while she slept. He watched the rise and fall of her stomach for a few minutes and then crawled into his bed at the other side of the room. He stared at the bottom of the bed above him, the darkness making his eyes see strange patterns in the wood, until he fell asleep.
"N-no... I... uh, it would be hypocritical of me to not like gays considering I am bisexual." He grinned and gave him double finger guns.
"Nothing sweetie. Eat."
"I'll keep him safe," Dean said softly.
Cas scoffed. "I had to pry out of Sam where you lived. You didn't want me anywhere near your place."
"What are you reading there?" he asked Dean as he waited for his appointment card.
Cas nodded. "She's worried about the cost. I told her I'd pay and it would be so much easier for them to move now, when Jack and Claire are so young."
"How about an apple? Or a banana?"
Castiel was grateful when Kevin offered to help him carry the boxes of pizza. They each carried two, and put them on the scratched knotty pine table. It had been cleared of its display of new arrivals, and along with the pizza had two bottle of Sprite, stacks of plastic cups, and paper plates on it. Red heart shaped balloons floated around and pink streamers hung from the ceiling.
"My dads and my grandma cooked everything... and I cleaned the dining room for the adults! It's probably a mess now, bu-"
Sam let out a whine. "Come on, man. Jo wants to sing!" He reached for the guitar but Dean kept it behind his back and put his free hand on the taller man's chest. "Gimme that! Don't you want your sister to be happy?"
"Right. So, a bunch of us were playing baseball and Jimmy Novak was second base and I felt... nothing. No emotional or physical reaction. He was just... there."
"Yeah, yeah. Whatever." Dean grabbed the salad and drizzled Ranch dressing over it.
Dean clapped his hands. "Good morning!"
Four episodes played, and Dean was surprised when Kelly and Gabriel recited some of the lines perfectly, making Claire laugh. Stoic looking Hannah even smiled, looking up from her computer once in awhile. When the last episode ended, Gabriel scooped up his daughter, who had fallen asleep with the remote in her hands. Kelly picked up a yawning Jack and followed her husband up the stairs.
Castiel leaned forward and slotted his mouth against Dean's, pushing his tongue in with ease and Dean taking it eagerly
Dr. Garrison turned his smiling face towards him, and Dean gave a shaky wave. "The fireman, right?"
"But the whole point is for you to relax. Here. At home."
-----
"Oh good you're here," his mom said from the kitchen. She had on her floral patterned bikini. "Do me a favor."
"Cas!"
Claire thought for a moment. She looked over at her dog and smiled. "I have an idea."
"Do you see the mug?"
"Ugh," he grunted when he saw the liquid soap. It always dried out his skin. He sniffed it. "Hm. Honey."
Instructor Singer dragged a stepladder from the utility closet and climbed up. He reached into the ceiling and quickly found the ball.
"Oh. Hello, Kevin," Cas greeted politely. He yawned again. "I didn't think you worked Saturdays. It is Saturday, correct?"
"Aw, come on," Dean whined. "It's gonna some stupid indie artsy film, isn't it?"
Eventually, Cas's dad finished his food and, eyes still on his book, put the empty plate and full glass of water into the sink, leaving the bowl of untouched salad on the table. He passed by Gabriel and patted his shoulder, mumbling "Good burger" and went up the stairs behind a door just outside the kitchen.
The town of Tadpole was atwitter with the sounds of croaking frogs and crickets singing their songs. A dog scratched at a tree and a cat hissed in annoyance as its prey escaped him.
Cas gave him an irritated look. "Four grams from a sugar infested concoction is n-"
Lora from the other team kicked it away past Max. She passed it over to Krissy, and she kicked it to the net on Jack's team's side. Kevin dove to the floor and caught it.
"Ooh you think I'll live that long?"
The Winchester pulled away and Castiel yanked his hands out of his trunks. Standing next to the tub was the blurry shape of Dean's father.
"Hey are you okay?" Dean, who'd been about to walk into the kitchen, asked worriedly. He held his hand out and helped Cas up. "You just slammed on to the floor. Why are you running?"
When Cas pulled back, he looked serious. "If I... if I maybe flew out to Kansas... do you think maybe we could... I dunno, hang out?"
-----
"Please Carolyn?" he whined. His friend Hannah's twin sister was being surprisingly stubborn, but he was sure he would break her. "It really is important. I promise I'll clean up and everything!"
His daddy sat up straighter. "Cas! You're back!"
"How was the hunt?" Dean called out when the three walked in.
"Oh," the boy said again, quieter this time. He walked over to the table, dragging his feet and not caring if he messed up his slippers. He sat down on one of the chairs and lyed his head on his folded arms, staring sideways at Sam as he cooked.
Gabriel leaned down and directed his attention at Castiel.  "You're supposed to be talking through your issues, not trying to get Dean pregnant."
👨🏼🚒❤🧑🏻⚕️
Dean pulled at his long hair and Sam dropped the instrument to try and get the hands off his head. The taller man kneed Dean in groin, and he released his hold and curled up in the fetal position, groaning in pain. The younger man picked the guitar back up and took off for the living room.
With the first floor air conditioner broken, the summer heat creeped in from the outside and battled with the wind from the small fan at the counter.
He reached over the table and squeezed her hand. "All I'm gonna say is that if you really like someone, open your big mouth and tell them."
Jack exhaled through his nose and turned back to his book. "Okay, Dean."
"Hey, pretty boy!" Castiel yelled loud enough for everyone to hear him. Dean looked up at Cas and skated right into one of his teammates, knocking them both to the floor.
John laughed and clapped his son on the back. "Means Bonfire Boy thinks Deanie here is sexy."
"What happened?"
Cas found Dean as he was taking a shirt out of his dresser. He looked at it and tossed it on the growing pile on the floor.
Jack shuddered when he heard Sam's lips start smacking against his mom's stomach. He covered his ears with his hands on the way to the bathroom.
Jack smiled. "Yeah. I miss it. I'm so bored."
Cas rolled his eyes. "Fine. Straight to bed afterwards." He fixed his gaze on Dean. "You too. And you're  the one moving the coffee table and pulling out the bed from the couch."
"What the hell is on your head?"
"Wh- I needed something one handed to eat! How was I supposed to drive?"
Jack smiled and sat up properly. His hair was ruffled by a light breeze. There was a comfortable silence that stretched between the two for a few minutes.
When they finally got to the safety of the wooden structure, Cas took the coat off and held it bunched up in his right hand. Their laughter had subsided, and they stood staring at eachother, breathing hard.
"I like the last one best."
"I told him what really happened. That it was really my fault. I was worried he'd try to get you arrested."
Jack had one hand curled around Dean's  arm and the other holding tight to his Mimikyu doll. The only light in the room came from the flickering of the television and the violet glow of the reading light clipped to Dean's book.
"Have any weapons, Alastair?" The sheriff asked as she searched him, Jake keeping an eye on the handcuffed man.
"Well that was because I-I y'know," Dean lowered his voice slightly, "like you. But I never thought we were actually... together. It was only sex."
"Stop talking," Gabe muttered quietly.
"It wasn't just Mick," Castiel pointed out, clutching the box tightly. "You freaked out everytime I talked to a guy. It's not healthy."
"I have a sense of humor!" Cas scoffed. "It just isn't juvenile."
Dean twisted up his face. "Gross."
"Hurts so bad you wanna break things."
"Pretty boy!" Cas watched as Dean turned to him, eyes wide, and then hit the side of a bench and landed facefirst onto it.
The young boy let out a gasp as the girl on screen came face to face with the sharp teeth of the werewolf and was chased. He tightened his grip on Dean and his toy, and closed his eyes for all of two seconds. He was scared, but he was enthralled and wanted to find out what happened next.
"Still not the biggest fan of that." He pressed the lightest of kisses to the man's forehead and reluctantly slipped out of the guest room.
After the sixth person was executed, Jack felt somewhat relieved. Like a large boulder was lifted from his back. It was over, at least for another two years until the next Blue Moon Festival.
Soft, soothing music was playing from Cas's phone that had been placed carefully on the sink, the scented candles were lit, and Dean had never felt more relaxed. He sunk deeper into his boyfriend's embrace and closed his eyes.
"What are you writing over there?"
"It's, uh... too early," Dean answered, cheeks turning pink. "I'm slow walking in the morning."
"Soup," she replied, not looking up.
"Holy shit," he muttered when he saw the twister. It was about twenty feet from the house, spinning like a toy top at a dinner table in a broad clearing, kicking up dirt and loose blades of grass. It was a whirlwind of grayish purple and smaller than most tornadoes Dean had seen, and instead of a narrow conical column, it was thick and straight, and the top had two spherical swirls on either side that were spinning in opposite directions. Every few seconds tiny forks of purple lightning disappeared and reappeared in different places on the strange looking rotating column of air.
"Any of those options, your pick."
"No need to be stingy. Don't you stay out too late. Night, Cas."
Dean, staring at him with a blank expression, slowly turned
"I didn't know that. Neither of you ever got adopted?"
"Sorry to hear that."
"You need to be more healthy." Cas stated, hands folded.
As Castiel chopped up celery, he asked, "Who is Ash?"
Gabe pursed his lips. "Ah. Well happy to help."
"No, that's everything," he replied. "Thank you again and Happy Valentine's Day. And flip the sign to 'closed' on your way out."
"I was talking to your brother."
"Ow! Why did you do that?"
"Holy shit," Dean panted, on his stomach as Cas finished the massage. "Holy shit."
"Of course. Do you want me to come get you?"
"You locked the door?" Cas grunted.
"And Layla's hair hasn't completely grown back from her surgery," she was saying. "She's got this bandana thing around her head. Got it?"
"Did you... did you think about it?"
"Oh. Hey, Cas." The older man was wearing a tight black sleeveless shirt and a pair of dark blue shorts. His hair was slightly damp and he had a whistle hanging around his neck.
Helen's cousin, Lorraine, Cas remembered, started the inquisition. "I think the most appropriate question is how did you two meet?"
"Chew, honey," Kelly scolded.
"Aw I'm sorry, Jack-o. I'm taking your mom and Sam shopping for baby clothes. They need a ton more."
"Yeah. Yeah, you too."
"Okay, on three," Dean whispered, hand poised on Sam's doorknob. Held tight in his free hand was a plate with three waffles and threes pancakes, blueberries placed around all around the stack, and a little candle on top. Jack had the syrup and glass of orange juice and Cas was holding onto a knife of fork and colorful balloon with "Happy Birthday" written on it. "One, two, three!" He pushed the door open and the three rushed into the room.
"Put some clothes on."
"Because you do."
Suddenly and quickly, Cas stood, picked Dean up, and jumped into the water.
"Why did you do that?" Dean asked, a little angrily. "Isn't that for me?"
Clamping his teeth tight over his lower lip, Dean stood straighter, the world no longer moving. He walked a few feet from the car, Miracle at his heels panting. He was in a large open space, and he could see plenty of houses and stores and buildings, but they'd been strangely built onto the rock of what looked like a mountain that had had the top lopped off and the inside chiseled out, leaving a huge ring made of black rock around the area where Dean was standing. Bubbles floated around in the breeze and pinwheels the size of children where placed around sporadically, the plastic curls all different colors and reflecting the glint of the sun. Several ceramic brown pots full of bright flowers in full bloom were dotted around here and there.
Jack only noticed the sound when she had pointed it out. "Sounds like a log getting sawed."
"Knock yourself out, kid," Gabriel responded.
"Thank God," his uncle muttered, putting his phone away and scooping Jack in his arms.
"It's fine, I guess." The rollerblader llifted the other can that had fallen. "Glad these were empty. My dad would have thrown a shit fit if anything spilled out."
Sam patted her shoulder. "I'll just lock the door."
"It's hilarious animal abuse," Dean responded.
"Well, what did you think?" Bits of paper rained down upon his face. "Okay. Why?"
Jack studied the ceiling. "How do you know it's poisonous? It could be venomous. There's a difference."
"I... I... I..." The high schooler breathed in and out heavily. "I don't know what happened!" He ran over to a chair and pulled it to the wall. He stood on it and grabbed the smoke detector, popping it open to take the batteries out. The silence was abrupt and a ringing lingered in Cas's ears. "I knocked over a c- con- contianer of apple juice an-and I wasn't watching what I was doing and I... I'm not an idiot, I kn- swear. I know how to cook, I just..." Dean jumped down and ran to the sink. He picked up the pan and stared forlornly at it.
Kelly sighed. "My mom keeps trying to set me up with a guy. I hate it, so Cas is pretending to be my boyfriend so she'll leave me alone."
There wad nightstand next to the door, and in the drawer, hidden among an assortment of random junk was a pocket knife, and Cas reached inside and grabbed it, flicking the knife out and holding it close.
"You wanna get a drink?" Max asked and Castiel almost tripped getting out of the booth.
Dean exhaled through his nose. "Probably because you've barely slept since we brought the baby home. That's why I woke you up, I wa-"
Castiel had woken up early, as usual. The house was quiet and he tiptoed into the kitchen and got himself an apple and a glass of milk. When finished, he chugged two cups of water and tried to make as little noise as possible as he put away the clean dishes that had spent the night drying in the dishwasher, and he washed the ones that were in the sink.
The sheriff's voice faded to a dull buzz floating aroind Dean's head. He watched her march Alastair to a stagecoach Dean hadn't noticed before. He squinted and concentrated hard at the words written on the door; Green Allium County Sheriff's Department. Two white horses attached to the coach stood patiently, one drinking from a bucket of water on the ground. Miracle sat at Dean's feet, head cocked and looking curiosly at the horses.
10/26
Dean might have been in love with him.
The doctor sat up a little straighter, narrowing his eyes. "That's a little bit inappropriate to ask isn't it?"
"Nightstand drawer."
"Just because I have an unconventional sex life does not mean I don't have feelings. Like with Bela and... oh! Crowley and Meg, there was actually some overlap there. And there w-"
"H-hey," Dean stammered. He cleared his throat. "I thought I would come over. You're uh, invite. Y'know?" He smiled nervously.
It was still running, so Dean turned it off and shoved they keys in his pocket. He searched the car, looking on the floor and undet the seat. Opening the glovebox, his black leather wallet fell out and he caught it before it hit the floor. He rubbed the worn material, remembering the day his dad gifted it to him.
She sighed and pinched the bridge of her nose. "Not now, Dean."
As he walked by one of the pumpkins that littered the steps, it let out a mechanical laugh and glowed bright orange, startling him.
-Whatever.-
Gabe crossed his arms. I'm dreamy, he thought.
"I don't know where the ice cream store is," Jack admitted sheepishly.
"Judge strangers?" his dad questioned.
"Take me to the movies?" Dean asked as Cas carried him out of their room. "And to get burgers? I need to decompress after the trauma I just endured."
"I guess so. Do you need any hel-"
Gabe closed his eyes and relaxed into the hug.
Dean pulled the blanket off and tossed it in on the floor. "Well, what is it? We out of lube?"
"You're dead!"
His dad shrugged. "Got nothing better to talk about."
"Half-brother," Miracle's daddy answered.  "And it's good they look like Cas, because Lucas is awful, inside and out."
The deputy snorted. "Think Jack and Michelle Montgomery would disagree on that. She's pregnant, and you knew that when you stabbed her in the stomach."
She nodded. "I just gotta go grab my bag." She glanced at Dean before running off
"Spaghetti and chicken parmesan." Cas went over and pulled one of the chairs out. His heart beat fast as Dean sat. Grabbing two bowls off the counter, he placed one in front of Dean and sat down himself.
"What? No! Of course not. Where's this coming from?"
"Hold on," Jack said. He dropped his bag on the table. "I wanna show you something." He reached inside and pulled out two small objects.  "We stopped by a toystore and me and Castiel bought these. Maggie says she's going to teach us how to do the yoyo."
"Why not?"
"Th-thanks," Dean replied, blushing again.
"I can't... I can't help it. I know I should be happy for him... but it..."
The young boy shrugged and turned to his plate of food. There were three medium sized pancakes stacked neatly on top of each other. Maple syrup was poured onto the plate at the top and on either side of the stack to look like hair and ears. The top pancake had a syrup nose and a wide syrup smile. Sam had cut two strips of bacon for eyebrows and two small globs of scrambled eggs for eyes. Jack smiled sadly.
Cas crawled across the bed and kissed him, hands squeezing his knees. "Lube? Condoms?"
"It's a- hic- contest to win a- hic- date. With either Tracey- hic- Bell, Aaron Bass, or Gunner freakin' Lawless!"
"Hmm. Walk in the park? Pssh. Lame. Tour of the bunker. Think that one would just be for Claire, yeah?"
When he got home, Jack was waiting for him next to the map table, dressed in a tuxedo and holding a sign that said "Winchester" in his handwriting.
"What is it Sam?" Dean yelled.
"Uh, yeah," Dean replied. "Tellin' people about me?"
Dean cleared his throat. "So, uhm, your family. Pretty quiet people, huh?"
Dean patted his head. "Nah, kid. Sorry. They're with my parents and their mommy."
"Yes, well," Dr. Garrison said, picking up a red folder and opening it. "As for your EKG, i-"
The two grown ups had been so busy with the new baby, Jack had not be been able to speak to them much. The longest conversation he had was with his mom when she told he couldn't go to soccer or Taekwondo for awhile. Usually they were taking care of Claire or asleep. The few times when they weren't doing either, they were clearly too tired to talk to Jack. His mom and stepdad had not once driven him to school since the baby was born; Cas or one of his grandparents had had to take him.
