ATTENTION!!! I raised the ranking just to be safe, but the efforts one take to not mention genitalia is astounding.
'I'm sure you were expecting us a bit later this morning.'
Oh, Sherlock. 'I don't have mixed feelings about you.' he says gently, fists curling around around the armrests of the chair, willing himself to rip the bandaid out so they can be properly English again and just not talk about it. 'You are the one certain thing in my life. I spent 4 hours digging your grave to bring you back and I would do it again.'
the day he does a break in, the suspect in question decides to pay a visit to the property. Of all the ones he used in the scheme, he
John furrows his brow. 'What are you on about?'
His head snaps on Greg's direction. 'What?'
'Why didn't you tell me?' he asks while twisting a lock of hair in his finger.
'Sure.' Sherlock answers dryly after a huge swallow. John refills his own glass because apparently it's going to be a long night.
'It's not up to you what I do or not! If I make a mistake it's my problem!'
-- * --
He comes home directly from the clinic since Sherlock told him he wouldn't be at 221B. He hadn't add much to that, which makes John a bit annoyed. Anna is rearranging a portrait when he arrives but comes close to him and sniffs his shoulder. He jumps back, perplexed. 'Did you just
'John, please...' he can hear Mrs. Hudson had also come after the brother, but John is completely focused on the man in front of him.
'Do you want to smoke it?' she asks gingerly. 'Just this once, of course.'
'What do we do now?' he asks looking at Sherlock's hand splayed at the table. He wanted to hold it.
'Can't wait for that. But being sincere, I'm grateful to her.'
'Tell me about how you met Mrs. Hudson. What were you doing in Florida?' he closes his eyes to enhance his other sensations.
'Sorry, Watson, this will be a bit uncomfortable.'
'You must be John Watson. Really nice to meet you! I'm Aadhya. Mary's old friend.' she smiles politely at him while they shake hands. 'I was
Sherlock narrows his eyes a fraction. 'Yes. Why?'
'You actually liked me at that point.' Anna interrupts his reflections.
John drops all his weight over Sherlock, burying his nose in his neck so his voice comes out muffled. 'It's so weird when you talk about me as a separate entity.'
'I don't know. He can perfectly not want anything with me anymore.'
At some point fatigue starts to win him over, and he enters a light sleep. He's not overly conscious of what he is dreaming, he knows Sherlock is there as usual, but a loud bang interrupts the train of thought and Sherlock blows up, body parts being thrown in all directions. He opens his eyes with a sharp intake of air, feeling paralysed, muscles locked tight. Then he realises the loud noise is actually Mrs. Hudson knocking on the door.
He realises too late that it will be hard explaining his situation without the sensitive details he can't unravel to her without putting her in danger. So he decides for a more abstract approach.
The unsaid implications are left hanging over them for a few minutes, but Sherlock can't hold back anymore. 'We can't keep doing this.'
As usual, not betaed, not brit-picked, not first language. See any mistakes please point them out!
'I've been thinking you know,' she says scrolling down some website. 'since John and Mary are such common names, we should choose something more unique to her.'
"Of course we're taking the case!" Sherlock cried, gesturing wildly with his hands, his eyes darting around the room as if he couldn't assimilate data fast enough.
“You’re beautiful,” John breathed.
What greeted him was so quiet that he automatically whispered an apology into the fog. It was still early morning, just before sunset, but the lanterns around the ship had been doused, plunging them into a darkness that was only exacerbated by the deep fog around them. Holmes hurried to his side and doused his lantern while John stood dumbfounded.
“Yet they are in league with them, providing food and other comforts. This will solve our problems for the
John sat still on the bed, a corner of the blanket covering his privates, as he tried to decide how to react to that story. He’d killed a man in cold blood, a man who had done him no harm, all to make the crew take him more seriously? Yet he was barely a man when he’d done so, and he appeared to feel guilty at the very least.
,” John argued.
“Yeah… okay. Which way to the mess?”
. Admiral is an honorary title, of course. Lord is his official one.”
“Yes, but I’ve never been the
“Who would be interested?”
“Aye, Cap’n.”
John lifted his jaw challengingly and stared him down, “That may be so but you’re not just going to
“My brother was willing to overlook an Island woman being First Mate, but Captain? Never. We captured two pirate ships and I declared them captains and pulled into a harbour to start renovations. I designed the alterations to the ships myself after studying architecture and boat structure for a week. They all told me it would never float. It did. They told me it would never
“You’ll lose your doctor.”
“Why?” Greg asked, completely at a loss.
“No, we’re all fit and healthy,” Sherlock replied, “I’m interested in his person.”
“No,” Greg replied with a headshake, “I’m just… surprised. You usually go for complicated or dramatic.”
Sherlock led the way down to sickbay while John grumbled about his abused body. The withered young man who had refused to work until he ran into serious debt and was then too
you!” Holmes growled angrily.
John let out roar as he spilled down Sherlock’s throat, shaking in pleasure as his knees gave out. Sherlock let him sink to the deck and before the doctor was fully recovered from his own mind blowing orgasm the tip of his captain’s hard cock was sliding past his lax lips. John recalled himself and began to suck hungrily, savoring the taste of the precome on the tip and taking Sherlock all the way back into his throat. He choked on him and slid back off. Every ridge and vein was a joy to have caressing his lips and cheeks. He opened his eyes and stared up at Sherlock’s wrecked expression in adoration as to beg for the man’s seed.
“Oh, it’s a ruse? So I’ve been running chores for you for laughs, have I?”
They had drifted off the coast, just out of firing range of the land bound cannons, and watched as a few frantic ships launched at top speed within an hour of their warnings being posted. They fired a shot at each, sunk them, and circled around to watch for more while scooping up survivors from the water. Women and children were stowed in their small prison, the men were put through Sherlock’s deductive test, and those he deemed pirates were killed. Then there was a lull in the early morning hours as the late-night folk turned in until around mid-day. When they woke up there was some hustle and bustle, a few people walked the peers, an attempt at shooting at them was made, and then silence as they were ignored.
“Who is dis moron?” The Negro captain snapped. Her voice was heavily accented and quite beautiful.
Another sailor clapped their hands down on him and he was prevented from even stalling his ascent to the decks. The whipping post was just the rail between the poop and the quarterdeck, but that wasn’t where they led him. Instead John was abandoned in the crowd milling about on the quarterdeck while Holmes ascended to the poop and stood beside a man who was rail thin and shaking and a woman whose skin was the darkest John had ever seen.
“Did you see how many hands voted for a whip? You’ve been on this ship less than twenty-four hours and you already have enemies. What did you do to piss so many people off? Hmm?”
His beautiful prism eyes fell shut and Sherlock’s cock pulsed in John’s mouth. He swallowed down his salty release as the man shuddered and moaned above him. John thrilled as his hair was pulled and his airways blocked. Sherlock pulled free and gripped his cock to jerk a few drops free. He smeared them across John’s lips as he posed with his mouth open in supplication.
. While on three year voyages. To tropical islands and cold regions. How is no one ever sick or injured?”
“We’re approaching our prey,” Holmes explained, “Keep a good grip on that rope or something else solid. When we strike the ship it will feel like
“I don’t know,” John panted, his neck and scalp throbbing, “I’ve tried to pull my weight! I was just looking for a place to sleep last night, but they kept laughing at me.”
Still sounds off.
“Well?” Greg asked cheerfully.
. I thought you just said you wanted to beat
“You waited and waited, watching my every move. Rarely reporting me. Letting me take out your ships. For this? So I could see what it was like when I killed your lover in front of you? Are you avenged, James?”
myself.”
Sherlock’s eyes moved slowly to Mycroft and he saw just the barest flutter of a smile. The younger man pried himself up off the ground with a groan of pain. He’d been flogged the day before and it was likely paining him greatly. He limped forward and Mycroft unlocked the door and swung it open. He pulled Sherlock along by one arm as the man shuffled with his chained hands and feet clinking loudly in the darkened corridors. Mycroft waited until they got out to the he reached the courtyard with the gallows in sight before he let himself speak softly.
“We’ll need supplies to make the poison,” Sherlock shouted over his shoulder as he scrambled down a ladder and headed for the galley.
hit him for kicks?”
, then.”
. They both knew he wasn’t either. This was a man of exceptional abilities and mental stamina. Not intelligent no, but not dull either. His mental faculties were as unique as Sherlock’s were, but just in a different way. He was the sun to Sherlock’s darkened window, brightening the desk so all the letters and numbers were visible for his perusal. He made it all
“And if it were not for you,” Sal pointed out, “Der would be tree.”
“Why not?”
Holmes’ face screwed up in confusion, “How would whipping
“It was my first captaincy. I was fifteen.
“Keep your wig- ah, I see you’ve left it behind!” Lestrade laughed, “Well then, keep your trousers on. We’ll be ready in a mo.”
Sherlock held out a ribbon for him and John eagerly knelt so it could be wrapped around his eyes and tied at the back. Once Sherlock was certain his vision was totally hidden he moved across the floor and John listened as he opened a chest. The rustle of fabric and clink of metal. John’s hopes were twisted up in his chest. He wanted Sherlock desperately. He was longing and aching for him. He was already hard and leaking in his loincloth. He wished he were tied up and helpless for Sherlock’s brutal punishment of his past behaviour, but it was entirely possible the man wasn’t planning on giving him what he wanted. Perhaps he could at least get what he needed. John didn’t expect to climax that night. Sherlock might not allow it. Not yet. That was when John recalled he hadn’t washed himself out. He opened his mouth to inform Sherlock of such, but a clearing of his throat had him coming to attention.
“There’s a web of these throughout the deck,” Holmes explained, “Always to your right. We walk the ship in a circle and cross the deck in three places, or we stay put. Put your hand out in front of you to avoid crashing into anyone. Silence. Absolute silence. No lights.”
” The priest snarled.
“I will have to make up for the evils I’ve done. The new king will move into place within a year. In that time we must survive. We may not earn leniency.”
"I don't want you
Sherlock moaned, the vibrations traveling along John's engorged cock. John's hips jerked in Sherlock's hands, responding to the assault on John's senses...and then Sherlock began to swallow.
sense, John. I never thought I had any reason to be jealous."
"You and Mycroft, and Mrs. Hudson, and anyone else who bevies this lunacy have gone utterly mad," John continued emphatically.
"Drugs?" John asked, pressing in closer.
"Mr. Walker, we are both busy men. I know all about your business dealings, and you, by now, have had plenty of time to educate yourself on mine. I see, I observe, and I am relentless. People can hide nothing from me because the little hints they leave behind are only too obvious to me. Extramarital affairs, underhanded business dealings, petty rivalries, I've seen them all. It is not my fault that you owe money to the wrong sort of people and are trying to appease them by trying to offer one of their wives or daughters Nikki's seat. So far only you, the people you owe, and I are aware of your situation. How much your superiors become aware of, Mr. Walker, is entirely up to you."
did you guess his password so quickly?"
has as good a chance at recovery as anyone else."
This was the part of working that John didn't like: the politics. He wasn't sure if Sara really was open to giving him more hours or if she was just saying that to be polite. It was hard to know where he stood. He
"Sherlock, we don't have time for theatrics," John's voice quavered with restrained anger. "People are
I would help keep you safe, Sherlock," John cut him off. "I meant mentally and physically. You
are you helping him?" John asked, looking up, his hands still clearing the excess blood away. "What had you so panicked back at Holloway? I'm not brilliant like you are, you're going to have to spell it out for me." John's tone was becoming clipped again as he lost patience.
The stranger chuckled again. "So it is. Would you like to try one?
Sherlock noticed the shift in his flatmate's demeanor and asked, "John?"
"The Nines," Marcus replied, pulling out of his parking space with practiced ease.
John rolled his eyes and muttered, "You're
to be ready; he'd spent the last several months trying to distance himself from just this sort of madness, but "Yes, definitely," was out of his mouth before he could think any more about it, then the cab was rolling to a stop and they all hurried out of it.
John tore his eyes away, just catching the final line of the article:
"Sherlock, we might have time, but we don't have all day," John broke in. "Weren't you the one going on about all these hacking skills Mary's not using as a nurse? Just let her try."
Sara nodded. "Yes, of course."
do you mean, Sherlock?" The world's only consulting detective grumbled under his breath, then felt John's fingers at his wrist. "Look at me."
Greg nodded. "Thank you, John. Someone needs to be Sherlock's voice of reason."
Sherlock swallowed hard, a tumult of emotions running through him. John was offering more than he had ever expected. He was willing, albeit reluctantly, to let Sherlock continue taking the suppressants if that was what he chose to do. Bonding, while usually completed during sex, only required John to puncture the scent glands in Sherlock's neck, specifically with his teeth... it would hurt, but he had been told it was also pleasurable. With no promises or expectations of fulfillment... Could he really do that to the man that he'd come to love?
John stretched and yawned, grateful that the end was in sight at last. He rolled his head to stretch his neck muscles and his eyes fell on the sharps container, and the bin that held used medicine containers for appropriate disposal. Emily, now that he knew her name, had been in dire straits when she arrived, but she'd still had a chance... What if it wasn't
John stiffened, and slowly drew his arm away. He was silent for a long moment, studying the creases at the edges of Sherlock's eyes and lips, taking in his posture and the message it sent. He'd always thought of Sherlock's slouches as lazy, but now, he wasn't so convinced. "The only person your fooling, Sherlock, is yourself."
"Isn't this a little sloppy?" John asked. "Everything he's done so far has been easy to explain in other ways, that's what made him so hard to catch. This isn't exactly catching him red handed, but it stands out. Even the Morphine dressed as Narcan didn't stand out, exactly. I had it tested on a
Sherlock stood, adjusted his suit, and used a small kerchief to dab the blood from his cheek. It wouldn't conceal the injury, but that was to his advantage. A visible mark would certainly win Mrs. Wallingford's sympathy and, more importantly, it would help soften the younger brother, Nathan.
just to the left of his microscope. The difference was so jarring that it took him a moment to remember that
John respected that point of view immensely. These days, far too many doctors were arrogant, and self-assured, much like the world's only consulting detective. "Do you want to stay on in the morgue? Or did you have something else in mind to work towards."
John turned about, and found himself facing another man, several inches taller than him, with thick brown hair and sympathetic looking brown eyes. "You might have more luck in a medical supply store."
That gave John pause. If
"This is a mistake, Lestrade!," Sherlock insisted, jerking around as the Detective Inspector forced him down the hall. "Their getting away with murder!"
"It's fine," John insisted, pocketing his sister's letter. "My fault for not stopping off home first."
right not to be. It was hard enough pretending for himself that he had everything together; he resented having to pretend for everyone else, especially when they never really believed him... not even when he
"I just said, there will be a replacement violinist here," Sherlock replied.
and he had meant it. Exerting himself to stretch out his hand, John met Sherlock's steely blue/gray eyes with determination. "You have a deal."
Sherlock made a small non-committal noise, his eyes moving over everything he could see from just inside the foyer. The ceilings were high, arching delicately overhead with intricate molding adornments. The walls were paneled in wood, and the floor was marble. A long staircase rose up from the entrance hall to the second floor. The walls held skillful oil paintings tastefully displayed and lit for viewing. This wasn't so much a home as it was a place of business, but that was often the case for men such as Mr. Wallingford, the only privacy they could expect was in their personal rooms, and even that was limited.
Mary nodded, her eyes sweeping over his face. "Well, I can tell it's not because you're in need of my makeup services again."
"You're welcome," John replied, his voice equally gentle. He squeezed Sherlock's hands lightly and resolved to sit up with his friend until he could be sure Sherlock was sleeping soundly.
Slowly Sherlock stood, and turned to face Molly. She had quieted for the moment, but her breathing was elevated and she was glaring daggers at him. In other circumstances he might have attempted to lay a hand on her shoulder, or take one of her hands in his, but today that was not going to illicit the desired emotional response.
friendly connection which crossed his path... John sighed, and turned the letter over in his hands, studying it in the florescent light of the kitchen.
~*~*~*~
Sherlock turned his head and opened his mouth to begin an interrogation-assistants, drivers, and secretaries were almost as good at gathering information as little old ladies and their twitching curtains- when a faint edge of purple caught his attention. There was the barest hint of a love bite peeking out over the edges of Marcus's collar. It was dark, but healing. Two days old... Sherlock narrowed his gaze and leaned forwards. He was both staring and invading Marcus's personal space, but something about the mark had caught his attention, and he had to know why.
"I'm in his security system," Sherlock explained, beginning to open video and picture files. "Very high-tech for a nondescript middle aged man in the shipping industry."
"s' contradiction," Sherlock declared, weakly pointing a finger at him.
He had just needed a distraction…
"I'm—not—going," she panted, her head lolling against the tiled wall in exhaustion.
Harry's brow furrowed. "That's an odd thing to go wrong, if just the names were switched, especially just as that poor woman relapsed and her family had to be called."
"I'm not trying to pressure you, John. I just know what it's like to be in a tight spot. I don't need a flatmate, but I wouldn't mind one. I'm not a landlady, there wouldn't be any official paperwork, so if you tried it and wanted to leave, it would be easy. Well, as easy as what you're doing now."
: The river
Sherlock nodded, pleased, and his hands came up to assume his thinking pose. "It's important to watch all the angles of a pressure cooker. If any of the seals break loose the meat won't cook through."
"No?" Sherlock pressed, crouching down slightly to be closer to her eye level. "He wouldn't have gone after it? Trapped it when it was alone? He wouldn't have starved it, beaten it, used it's fur to hide its' bruises? Fur is a better concealer than any makeup."
feel like a business meeting…It wasn't that he wasn't grateful for Greg's friendship, or the fact that he had actually avoided talking about Sherlock; John just couldn't handle the elephant in the room anymore.
John sighed and shook his head at himself. He needed to stop trying make a good man out of a broken one. The war of perspective between Sherlock and himself was something to be survived, not won. He could never make Sherlock see or believe in the good in people, and he certainly wasn't going to succumb to Sherlock's Hobbesian perspective.
They turned and made their way inside. They made it to the examination room in one piece, but John nearly had to trip Sherlock to keep him from brushing Mr. McGregor aside. The ex-army doctor had to bite the inside of his lip to keep himself from smiling at Sherlock's childlike energy; he was always this way about a case, but smiling would only encourage him.
"You two!" Lestrade called out, storming over to Sherlock and John while several members of his team wrangled Mr. Werner into handcuffs. "This is
The retreating footsteps stopped, and the other man's voice came again. "Sir?"
"No," John said flatly, "He was trying to insult someone to prove a point."
'Sherlock… stand.'
Calling Cynthia Lavalle is only the first of his concerns. Now, there's a number of people who need to be contacted immediately, so he has to prioritise the order. As usual, Rosie Watson comes at the top.
'I don't know what do you want me to do.' he tells her defeatedly.
not betaed, not brit-picked, not first languages, please point out any mistakes!
It was very hard to not spend his shift daydreaming about the day before. Every now and then he catches himself drifting off--
Just before getting asleep he had received a message.
'If he's in the mood to eat, why not?' he answers not very sure of himself. Anna is not paying attention to him.
He's so exhausted he only finds the strength to shower before falling in bed.
She folds her body with a moan instead of answering. He is on her in a second. ‘What is it? Are you okay?’
but if he's threatening our family--'
(See the end of the chapter for
He just adjusts his hold on her. 'No, Rosie. We can't play now. Let's go.'
He just walks straight to the office door, and the man jumps out of his seat. 'Sir, you can't enter!'
After they both sign the transfer contract and finish the transaction, Mrs. Hudson suggests stopping at a cafe to have something fancy. It's a hard cold day and as usual he never has gloves on, which means burying his hands on the coat pockets to alleviate the numbness in his fingers. Coffee is very welcoming right now. He is, however, still unemployed, he probably shouldn't.
'I'm not doing that.' Sherlock answers. 'You could, however, have been a bit more observant.'
The thing is, he tries to rationalize it later, in two days he went from married and expecting a daughter to living in 221B again with no expectations of a child and having a murderous ex-wife (is it ex if technically his marriage never existed?) who is probably presently being sent to a psychiatric prison in Hungary, but not before trying to kill his current…
'Marvelous.'
In the cab he watches her closely. She's still whining, and feels warm to the touch. He opens her mouth delicately, despite her protests, and there it is: some mucus running in the back of her throat. He taps the glass separating him from the driver to call his attention. 'Stop at the nearest pharmacy from Baker Street.'
'Like that would happen' she laughs. 'I'm happy! I'm already missing him. We are talking a lot more these days, you know?'
Mycroft talks to someone in the room and goes back to the speaker. 'I'll be in touch.'
Not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language (any wrong grammar please let me know).
While they are wheeling him to the imaging room, he chins up a bit to look at the nurse pushing his stretcher. 'Where's Sherlock?'
He tries to speak, but he is receiving oxygen, apparently high flow rate, so it's impossible. He just closes his eyes and tries to disappear from life again.
'John, weren't you working this afternoon?' Sherlock asks looking a bit anxious.
'A waltz for John and Mary.' she states thoughtfully. 'Lovely of him. I still have the scores he left at the reception. Such a shame he is… like that.'
He moves for her to pass, closing the door immediately after. He runs to the kitchen, Sherlock hot in his heels. The detective tries to get the paper bag before him, but John has the surprise advantage, so he just sticks his hand inside and pulls a small box, surrounding the table to put distance between him and Sherlock.
Her flat is smaller than 221B. They need to cross the kitchen to get to the living room. Sherlock hears from afar the front door of the building opening and closing. John must have gone looking for him after all. He sits at Mrs. Hudson sofa, practically burying himself in the furniture, since it was way softer than the one upstairs. She brings him a plate of chocolate digestives. He grabs a handful of them and stashes in his mouth.
Brent Sullivan doesn't smile as he doesn't seem the cartoonish type of villain. 'Then we'll find out, you and me, since you're so smart. Come here.'
Oh, but that wouldn't do.
'But then… Magnussen finds out about her.'
The girl comes back with Rosie, who is whining lightly. 'She's been fussy this afternoon.' she says, sniffing a bit. 'Didn't want to take a nap and coughed a bit. I think she's coming out with a cold.'
She stares right back at him, wearing the blank face he learned to despise. 'Honestly, I don't know. Could be anyone.'
She sighs. 'I was going to tell you I lost her. But I had to guarantee I wasn't going to lose you too. We could have tried again. We could have adopted if that didn't work. But I wanted our family. I thought we wouldn't need all this. I didn't consider I would have to lie for so long. I thought we would move on. But you never moved on, did you? You weren't there for me, never.'
By the end of January an interested buyer finally makes a move, after one desistance mid negotiations almost a month ago. It's a couple with two primary school age kids. They go back and forth for a while after visiting with John's estate agent, until they settle a reasonable price. John goes with Mrs. Hudson as a witness, who had been rather bored at home after fighting again with Mr. Chatterjee. Sherlock stayed behind to give a consultation on a case Lestrade was working on. He also clearly stated it would be tedious.
Mycroft speaks in an alarmed tone, which gathers John's attention. He finally releases himself from Anna, only to finds out Moriarty is back. Mycroft calls Sherlock, and John feels like someone removed a hard weight from his throat because the plane is
‘So…’ he gets up. ‘I'll be going now.’
He calls Greg, who gathers a kidnapping team to go investigate Keona's address. Not strictly legal procedure, but he knows better when to call favours from the Met after Sherlock helps him so much. Keona also gives him the name of her stalker, discovered by Sherlock himself. Greg puts someone to look into the archives.
'Now, hang on, are we having this conversation ag-'
'Just please don't advertise our involvement.'
'Ah.' he can hear there's someone else in the room. 'Which name has she used for the documents?'
They are talking over the details when the car stops. John finally looks up, glancing around nervously. Sherlock pays the driver, removes his coat and throws it over John's head. They walk inside together.
'I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have--' he swallows.
‘What is he doing here at this time of the day?'
'You didn't need me doing anything to desert our family, and you fucking know that!'
"Using what name and killing whom?" he reflects. 'Nice. Was the… ah, food any good?'
The painting had been a gift from Harry. Deep down he knows her enough to know it had been a gag gift so she could see Mary's reaction, because it is ugly as hell. Yet, the thing has a wooden frame and is protected by glass. He positions the clothes box close to the wall, puts the painting over it and cautiously steps over it. It doesn't feel very reliable but it's enough for him to reach the baby monitor box with the tips of his fingers and pull it with him.
Sherlock has already arranged the furniture for client mode and is sitting in the leather chair, distracted by his phone. John puts his bag away somewhere he doesn’t care, strides to him to get his day share of kisses, which Sherlock complies without hesitating, to his delight.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock is at the reception and the nurses walking by are glaring at him, so John just pulls him lightly by the sleeve of the coat to the entrance of the hospital. He keeps doing this until he spots the driver who took him, resting against the car and smoking. The moment he sees them both he enters the car and turn it on, leaving the back door open. They climb it just after him.
before he came along. When I finally have the family I wanted, he just swirls his coat from the death and
'You'll find out that your wife was to one who took the dvds, converting them to digital archives I assume, since dvds are an increasingly obsolete media format. Didn't tell you to make a surprise, so I would check if there isn't an anniversary date coming up soon that you forgot.' he gets up and opens the door to the foyer gesturing for the man to leave. 'You can make the deposit after the confirmation, I have to get this, you know your way, bye.'
'There were two occasions you didn't update your blog.' she continues, still trying to take something out of him. 'First, when you didn't have anything to talk about, and second, when you were in a bad moment of your life. Is any of this happening right now?'
'We will need to talk to the police.' he says finally, strained as his voice almost fails him.
John sees him out and goes back to the living room. He sits on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and buries his nose in the silky curls. He must have washed his hair this morning because it’s smelling like expensive conditioner with the notes of argan oil he hides on the far back of the cabinet but John knows it’s there.
'When did your learn to knit?' John asks sharply. Sherlock sits up, eyes wide.
'Cat stuff, obviously! I know you are basic, John, but you shouldn't expect a nicely treated cat to survive with a tiny litter tray and a bowl of water.' he's already putting on his coat.
She smiles at him all teeth. 'My ex-boyfriend came to visit out of nowhere. You don't care?'
'I think something bad happened to him.' she interrupts him sounding determined. He inhales sharply. Mrs. Hudson stage whispers
'She won't be a concern anymore.' Mycroft says. 'My contacts in Hungary are already in London. She is going to official facilities at the moment. Do you need to go to the hospital, Sherlock?'
'You have to stop doing that.' Sherlock says. 'It's not good for the environment.'
Anna is
'What happened?'
John gapes at him. 'You mean get her killed?'
oopsie
John is contributing to the renovations with his own funds. He is involved after all, even if he can't pay the proper half share. Sherlock is taking more private cases to supply for this, and the deposit from Keona Douglas had been generous. Two clients from upper class, with cases that barely ranked 4, also had paid beautifully. Sherlock is sure Mycroft had sent them as a way to help, and John agrees and is grateful for that.
He looks incredulously from one to the other and spreads his arms. 'Sure thing. It does seem we are in need of some
He creates a routine of going everyday to have dinner at Baker Street after work to avoid being at the house, occupied by its real owner for weeks now. The renovations have started, and the flat is a mess. During the day the noise is almost unbearable, so Sherlock has taken to have long walks to run away from it. Today the evening is very pleasant, and Joyce had told him Rosie hasn't been in a good mood, so John suggests they meet at Regent's park to take the edge off her.
'You putting our cases together?' he asks getting the picture of the elephant. Now that had been weird.
'Dr. Watson.' not-Anthea opens the door wide to him, and closes after her, leaving only him and Mycroft in the dramatically dark office.
Gradually he started to open his defenses. They would talk about amenities, but that wasn't good. Colleagues talked about amenities, and she wanted more.
'John.' Sherlock gives him a look that he hopes expresses his unconcern for the matter. 'You're a fortysomething with erectile dysfunction probably linked to anxiety scenarios and the preconceived notion of ideal male performance formed in your teenage years, it's completely expected that the elements of the vicious cycle combined generate episodes of passive-aggressiveness towards the issue, but honestly yesterday you accepted quite well the change of strategy and accomplished in bringing a very pleasurable experience.'
'Well, I think you're lying. You know where she is, she would have told you.' he holds the gun more firmly, raising again at eye level. 'If you don't spill it out I'll have to take you with me.'
‘Do you think she would run away with David?’ he asked in low tone.
Greg grimaces. 'He's highly susceptible to emotional damage. He just tries so hard to hide it.'
'Go change your socks before you catch a cold, dear. And stop dripping on my carpet.' they smile and move each in their own directions. 'By the way, John?'
'We offer integrated services, actually. He just wants to go back playing Cluedo with Mrs. Hudson, Donovan.' John smiles pleasantly, skim-reading the case folder. Sherlock throws back at him the sheet containing the toxicology report of the deceased woman, possible murder victim. She is a kidney donor, who was found with a considerate amount of naproxen in her system, resulting in kidney failure and death. DI Donovan suspects the administration was not accidental, nor she was conscious of the intake. 'He was winning for once. And while I agree misuse of medication fits the Health And Death Division criteria, the coroner work already found that out. We need to know
It's like the world is underwater. The house could be at the bottom of the ocean, where the water is so dark that the creatures below can't see others, can't see themselves even, and nothing good is supposed to be alive. One doesn't expect to be heard between drowning walls. It’s a heavy environment, to the point that any light disturbs him more than it’s alluring.
'Oh, that is questionless.' he pushes the door open. 'But what pseudonym would fit AC Doyle?'
'Yeah, I suppose. So now you and Mycroft will search for evidence on Aadhya?'
I have plans for other fics. There's this AU in my mind for months that I hope I can write soon! After recovering from series 4 trauma perhaps.
He blinks at her. 'That's… good. It's good. I--ok.'
'And you want me to convince him to behave, as usual.' John responds trying not to be sarcastic.
'Controlled usage of drugs-'
? 'Well, I like to dance.' he shrugs.
'Don't you remember when he makes sure the couple are together before leaving?' she asks him with loomy eyes. 'I never forgot that. I can't believe I'll have my own tarmac scene!'
It makes sense now her taking care of telling him bad things, being all content about the mission in East Europe, making up a dinner just to pick Sherlock's weak spots and intimidate him. She had been jealous. She even used the word "threat", which wasn't at all a good sign for a trigger happy person. Only the fact she went hysteric at breakfast gives him bad chills, since it's a whole new side of her John is getting to experience.
Not that a piece of paper mattered. They were together… fair enough, not a long time, but sufficient to be significative for him. She is pregnant with his child! But the lies weren't the worst thing.
He's still wary of leaving Rosie with a sitter for the afternoon, but the twenty-something girl was recommended by Molly. Daughter of a work colleague or something like that. Mary has her annual appointment with her gynecologist in central London so she will take the car and pick Rosie up after that.
‘Obviously this has to do with your maintenance of romantic feelings about Anna-Greta even after three years of her breaking up with you.’
That had been an exhausting conversation.
He warns her to stay away from home still. The thing with stalkers is, they almost always don't get in trouble because until a "serious" crime is committed, nothing can be done. So Sherlock needs to set a trap for him and keep Keona safe at the same time. His initial idea is trespassing. Pretend she's at home so he can record Todd entering the house and being generally creepy. Simple enough.
Let's get past the miscommunication bit.
He is so inattentive he doesn't notice their meeting is over and they are in a cab until halfway to Baker Street. 'Where's my lemon tart?' he inquires, glancing around the seat.
She scowls at him.
Reluctantly he reclined on the sofa again, but kept an arm across Sherlock’s shoulders just because he could. ‘So, she’s going to do what? Talk to her? Do you really think
'Brent Sullivan was caught they day you left.' he recites in monotone. She just hums, sounding uninterested. 'Did you know?'
'Then is it so awful with me? Because it's far from the first time. And you didn't seem stressed or worried the whole night, so don't use this excuse.' her voice is very light, and she doesn't sound angry or sad as he expects from someone in this kind of conversation.
'You didn't want to see.' Sherlock says. 'People can be obtusely blind to determinate things they don't want to deal with. You are not less prepared as a doctor because of that.'
'I- guess.'
. 'John, I watched him confess at your wedding because he didn't know what else to say. It was the most heartbreaking thing I've ever seen. He won't just "not want anything with you" because of one fight.'
And now, as Mary and other three comrades watched the scene by the pool, she asked herself if this Sherlock Holmes fella was just a detective interfering with the crime scene (hence the business) or he had something personal justifying Moriarty's obsession with him. In her experience she knew many other men and women in England considerably more powerful than him, as in they could destroy his empire just by talking to the right people. The skinny guy was just solving some crimes to his clients.
"Please, please, please, I can't do this now, please"
'I also didn't forget delusion.' he retorts.
John goes straight to Baker Street following the end of his shift. Sherlock is standing on the sofa (although his feet are bare, thankfully) pinning photos and post-its in a complicated web on the wall. Getting closer he notices a clipping from The Sun with Moriarty on the day of his trial. It's in the center of the web, which is expected, but connected by a line, also in the center, is a somewhat blurred picture of Aadhya.
And then the first month as a husband… it definitely wasn't what he expected. Although he didn't know why to expect things in the first place since they already lived together.
'... Right.'
Sherlock appears at his side, both looking at the fire eating the little object. The smell of burnt plastic invades his nostrils. In the background Rosie throws the piano on the floor again.
'It's over. Time to resolve this. He's been over relationship problems before, and you are actually present for making up.'
She starts with the veggies, and then the pie. She places a generous amount in Sherlock's plate, which John is not even considering being accidental anymore. She prepared this to purposefully torment him. Sherlock gazes his plate defeatedly and pokes a single green bean with his fork. John discreetly mouths 'Just pretend.' to him. They start to eat and John contemplates if it's possible to sneak Sherlock's food into his own plate without her noticing.
'Of course. Do you think I put trash on my tea?'
'I don't have anything to do with that.' her voice has a little note of prospective tearful desperation. 'I don't want that life anymore. I told her when she came here. I didn't have any connection with her.'
'I know.' John smiles at him, then it fades away. 'I'm sorry about this morning.'
‘I know.’
'Why can't I go with you to choose, then?'
He gets closer to inspect the cat tree. The cushion on the bed is screwed in the wood, so it doesn't fall. He moves to do what Sherlock asked. Not only there are several plush and silicone made little toys, but also a super premium type of dry cat food and some sachets of wet food. He whistles. 'Someone is having a nice dinner. Is this salmon?'
He watches her bake a bread while navigating on his phone. Why nursery for girls have to be all pink? He decides to invest in other colours. Everything is more expensive than he anticipated, which makes him regret not starting to buy sooner. They don't have absolutely anything! He has been in denial about the parenting situation, but Anna had months to think about what they needed. Why she hadn't contacted him? Of course, she probably didn't think he was coming back to her at all before the christmas call, but he still had responsibility with the child.
They only talked to each other about Rosie, and every interaction was functional. Two nights ago he had fallen into temptation and texted
'Wow, my standards are really low these days.' he holds himself up on his elbows to look down at Sherlock, who is pouting. 'Ok, ok, let's do it. But put on some trousers, nobody wants scratches on your balls.'
'Why are you stuttering? It will seem you yourself don't believe it.'
The nurse that checks him out last for the night says he'll probably be discharged in the morning. They are all wary of him after being the target of his anger for the last couple days, so he seems surprised that there's no snapback comment this time.
'If you weren't here right now, I could save my marriage.'
'There's absolutely no guarantee she would do that of course' Sherlock complements. 'Consequently, we must plan for long-term. She needs to go through her pregnancy being calm, and we drop the idea in small doses, until she's compliant with it.'
The issue however is that Mycroft, despite basically being the government, cannot go over every single protocol existent. So other people had to be involved in the decision process of releasing said prisoner. And how the favour should be returned was up to them, so the transaction would avoid the official routes. And these high ranked government officials wanted Sherlock to do their dirty legwork in familiar land to him.
After she leaves, closing the door behind her, John sits Sherlock on his chair to tend to his wound. It's really just a scratch, but quite annoying. He slides down the shirt to uncover the damaged side so John can clean it and put on a plaster, as promised. There are already traffic noises on the street, and Mrs. Hudson put the radio on downstairs while making breakfast.
John chuckles at that. ‘Only because a certain detective likes smooth skin. I wouldn’t mind growing a beard.’
He shrugs and gives up on this (for now), plants a kiss on both heads before going to sit at his desk and finish his write-up.
To say silence fills the room is wrong, because her breath is loud, too loud to be normal, and she’s pale and shocked, looking at him with wide eyes, evidently distressed. ‘What did you call me?’
Walking back home he thinks about his career possibilities. He needs flexibility, to be able to help Sherlock, an activity that has always pleased him, and also be a constant to Rosie, who despite everything was deprived of a mother. He also needs money. It's just so many factors he has to work on, it's hard to make a plan of action.
'Not exactly. I do have memories of what I did, but it's more like a movie I watched a long time ago, from a dissociated point of view.' he had replied to Sherlock, who for once was the one drinking his every word.
her what is bothering him, but like every time he talks to Ella, he finds out he doesn't appreciate sharing what he feels.
are not going to die, ok?'
However.
Sherlock finally avert his eyes, featuring so much vulnerability that John's heart clenches painfully.
Of course she was an old acquaintance of work, if they really know each other long as Aadhya had said. Instead of querying Anna as he wanted he decides for texting Sherlock discreetly.
‘Upset stomach.’ she answers, opening her eyes just enough. ‘Shouldn’t have drink coffee.’
Almost a fortnight after Sherlock Holmes blows up and has the gall to leave John on his own in this world, he gets up and goes out for the first time. Not before locking the door to the living room and Sherlock's room, unless Mrs. Hudson has some funny ideas. He hopes everyone just respects his wishes and stays the hell out of their flat.
He groans. ‘Yeah, all right, Anna-Greta! It’s your name, isn’t it?’
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. 'Doing a bit of research, aren't we?'
'John, what are you doing?!'
The tabby cat seems to think he is a prey somehow? Before he can ask, the cat turns to look over their shoulder and then runs and climbs the wall of the stall, perching on top of it just out of the sight of the door opening. A short blond woman enters carrying a gun and a huge green parka, telling him with her eyes that she's not here to play jokes with him. Right behind her, … Jim the gay boyfriend?
'Right. Yeah, you know what, that's true. Let's go.'
All the papers over the desk he divides in categories, and by cases. Many of them refer to Moriarty, across different categories, but John simply puts everything together inside a chunky plastic file, and moves to the archived section. He vacuums and dust, positions Sherlock's favourite pillows on the sofa, and even uses a pine air freshener.
As if in response, she groans and starts to move. Before Sherlock can react John grabs a large piece of glass lying on the carpet and bolts at Anna, trapping her on her back and thrusting the slice to her neck. '
'First, as you're probably aware, Magnussen died instantly. We searched Appledore up and down. There are no documented files on… Mrs. Watson. ' he acknowledges her with a neutral expression. 'We also inspected security cameras in his building and you haven't been recorded in any of them. So you can cease your distress on that regard.' Mary doesn't respond, but John feels the satisfaction emanating from her miles away.
He contemplates this and perceives she's probably right. 'I'll try that.'
He doesn’t turn towards Anna-Greta, heavily pregnant beside him. Her voice is mocking and he doesn’t want to see the smugness on her face. 'You're always saying that people don't observe and you went beyond. You didn't even allow yourself to properly
First thing he notices, Sherlock's bed isn't as soft as he believed. The mattress leans on the hard side, and is still more comfortable than John's… couple bed.
, but not knowing what. He felt a bit hollow after talking to her, so he invited Sherlock to come by and check if Rosie also smiled to him (she did).
'She will definitely talk, then.' John replies mischievously. Sherlock has a smile that mixes danger and fondness. 'People do little else.'
'So, see you in the morning. Good night.'
'Mary...' he gives a warning tone.
'Well, it's not what it seems!' John is almost shouting now, he's seeing everything a bit red.
- John is the best person I know
Through the years he gradually occupied the interior of this cabinet, and it seemed it always had space for more. Initially he put a purple shirt, a Belstaff coat, a blue scarf and a Woolrich parka in the hangers. In the bottom drawer a single slipper with cigarettes stashed inside. In a space he put clippings of newspapers obituaries, next to a printed version of the peculiarities of 243 types of tobacco ashes. Top drawer contained his casebook, abandoned. Burned gloves, a vase of
He goes to his room first. He had almost run out of cat litter, so he'd gone out in the middle of the rain to buy more, along with more dry food. Sherlock had left earlier because Molly had promised him he could use the centrifuge. After she found out her boyfriend had been the one responsible for the bombings (and for blewing them up), she's been more agreeable to Sherlock making his way in the morgue and the lab. John should talk to him about taking advantage of the poor girl, but they are not really on the best terms recently.
'-eek al-ne na cell' Sherlock grumbles not paying attention to them. Mycroft looks up to him with raised eyebrows.
On the sixth day, he notices Sherlock is not only playing with Rosie to get rid of the boredom of them both, he is testing her abilities. On the development milestones chart he has been keeping (
He keeps gazing at Sherlock, who keeps avoiding him. He goes to the kitchen to drink a glass of water. The black paper bag mocks him. He stays there a minute or two longer than he needed. In fact, scratch that, he needs it very much. He takes a deep breath and comes back to the living room. Sherlock looks like someone who was defeated painfully. John walks to him and stops only when the point of his boots are touching Sherlock's obscenely expensive dress shoes. He still doesn't look up from the floor.
The effect of the weed is wearing out when she tells him to take a shower if he doesn't want to be smelly when John arrives. 'And Sherlock? Don't hold back. Your fights with John would be reduced by half if you two talked more. Three quarters if you clean the fridge.'
He had never been never completely comfortable with Mary. She had a very deliberate way to seduce him, presenting herself as the perfect partner for life. At all their dates before getting serious they would drink, and he would get more relaxed. He was crowded, defensive, and she put herself in his way, being pushy, funny, quickly assuming the ride.
'Second drawer!' the answer comes from the living room.
Sherlock crosses his own arms over his chest. He's feeling super exposed and it's not comfortable.
Trivia facts from the chapter: about Syringa: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syringa#Symbolism
He groans. 'I don't know if I can't do this any longer.'
He opens the under the sink cabinet, where his shaving kit lies. The razor is sharp. He slides the blade over the scar and the dents quickly, like removing a bandage. In the first few seconds he feels nothing, and then the pain comes, acute and a bit uncomfortable. There's a thin cut where the scar sat, fully red, and a drop of blood comes out of it. He put the pain there. He knows how much it will hurt, and he can make it stop. He can end it anytime.
Pain frightens him. Torture is something he definitely doesn't want to revisit ever again. The prospectus of falling into this situation once more had been so pungent that when he was informed of the mission he should take up after murdering Magnussen, his first thought had been
'What do you mean?'
'Gave back the keys. Tol' her to choke on them.'
'All right! All right!' he exclaims exasperated. 'Let's do that. I hope you know what you're doing Sherlock Holmes.'
John wasn't doing well.
'So Sherlock,' she initiates the conversation, seeming unaware of the general wariness in the air. 'You're free to come and go now. Any plans? Open your website inbox again for criminals?'
'While I understand the visual and tactile pleasingness of furry beings, the polar bear is a hypercarnivorous apex predator and I don't understand why would you find and animal the would easily eat humans if there's no dietary adequate food available
Sherlock avoids his gaze by fiddling with invisible lint on his trousers, John just stares at him agape for some moments.
WARNING: there's a brief conversation about miscarriage here ok? I think it can be upsetting for some people.
Everyone expects "Dada" or "Papa" to be one of Rosie's first words, but John is not much the type to call himself in the third person when talking to her. Of course, she can't repeat what she doesn't hear much. One thing he does say a lot around her is Sherlock's name. The syllables are somewhat complex, he concedes, when she finallys blurts out 'SHOCK!' when calling him.
Sherlock lied too. In huge proportions. Not about his past, you see, but his future. Which figures, future is not predictable isn't it? Anything could happen. And it changed for him, bringing Sherlock back. Even if he wasn't really dead, he'd been gone for John. John practically felt like dying too.
She points to the fireplace mantlepiece, where there's a letter pinned down with Sherlock's knife. Getting closer he sees the official emblem from social services. He glances at the sofa, where Sherlock is lying in his typical praying position, trying to appear as nonchalant as possible. He snorts, and opens the letter. As he reads its contents, his grin grows bigger.
'It's over, John. Don't dwell on it.'
Then he notices the notepad by Sherlock's bed. Sherlock follows his gaze and clears his throat awkwardly.
? After they had to rescue you from Serbia? After they almost sent you on a suicide mission for killing the scum of a person that was Magnussen? What hell of a plan is that?'
It was never going to work, for starters. John has been in denial about this since the feeling first arose, when Mary admitted not liking the moustache. The awareness of this feeling has been buried deep inside him, showing its ugly head from time to time. The first time Mary left, to pursue Ajay, John felt so relieved that he was right she would run, that she would refuse help from Sherlock, that she would leave Rosie behind.
It's a horrible night all along, he keeps waking up, he is still in moderate pain, his stomach is not happy with his recent choices. At some point around 2am he decides to fetch his laptop and
'Interesting.' Sherlock says to the TV, and pulls out his phone. John peeks the screen: it's a google search of
It was late afternoon when she saw a notification in her email.
'No.' Sherlock answers immediately. 'That song was for you and Mary. The Mary from before, obviously.'
Said subject is currently vigorously pumping her fists over one Sherlock Holmes' chest, so John decides to join her, cupping the nape of the victim, fingers tangling in the soft curls, and kissing him right over the full smile.
-- * --
'I had an anxiety crisis, you were also stressed, we weren't at our best. But I had no excuse to be condescendent about you, and your… sexual experience.'
Dr. Coleman gazes up at him, confused. ‘What baby?’
'John...'
Sherlock looks away, embarrassed. 'I haven't yet. I watched some youtube videos. I was still… getting hold of it.'
'We are pretty fucked up, aren't we?' Sherlock affirms more than asks, a hint of smile in his voice. He's looking at John from under his eyelashes, head still bowed. John snorts unattractively at him, trying not to giggle.
'Well… that was annoying. The rest of my clothes is in my room.' he moves to leave the bathroom but John presses himself flat to the door. Sherlock steps back, brow furrowing.
He trembles with the sudden wish of punching her teeth in, and clutches the wheel to cram it up. The car is still parked and he doesn't remember if his ticket time is over.
'Oh shut up, just a story you probably didn't want to hear' she retorts playfully. 'But take care ok?'
Sherlock glances at him from the dresser, where he's supporting the notebook. 'Nobody is coming to get you.'
-- * --
'No. Personal matters. I'll stay at home, it's just not… a safe environment for the next 12 hours.'
'That bugger's birthday, I almost forgot' he murmurs to himself. He mostly ignores that Sherlock's from the eighties, because it's silly that he feels the detective is much younger when the difference isn't more than a few years. He gets self-conscious, which is not good if he wants… whatever he wants. It never helps that Sherlock shows a bunch of self-confidence.
'You and Sherlock have this poor habit of overestimating the power of my position. I am
Second thing he notices, he is a lot calmer now. Angry, he guesses for the rest of his life, but coherent, even if needing the loo insistently, and having a faint nausea sensation creeping up.
Sherlock has been indexing his shirts by colour palettes for the past hour in their bedroom, but the door is open. As he sits Rosie on the toilet step stool, Sherlock appears hovering over his shoulder, probably having heard him. The two of them stay still, hardly breathing.
'Dada, ughhhh.'
'A car will take you to the tarmac, if you wish to… say good-bye.'
John favours from his silence and continues. 'I was so bloody angry that you had made me a fool that I refused to see, again, the signs you always show. And you were going to do it, weren't you? The Moriarty excuse, that was bullshit. Mycroft's face, you didn't get to see that. He
'What do I do if she keeps coming to my house?'
Yeeeey, for everyone questioning Mycroft in here. There it is. I'll try to update on Monday but I won't promise anything. I'll just leave the synopsis for the next chapter here......
Sorry (again) guyssss!!!!
sure?'
John is too sober for this. But he doesn't want to go fetch alcohol, he's afraid he'll give the wrong impression. 'Who else knows?'
He uses his key to open the door. He didn't warn Sherlock beforehand, but he expects he's at home. Ascending the stairs he hears some music and laughter… of two people? He frowns and climbs up quickly.
Sherlock joins him on his chair, kissing with abandon, and finally,
After an endless series of doors, Mycroft finally stopped in front of an unmarked one. He glanced over his shoulder at John before opening the door for him, and letting John pass through unhindered. The door clicked shut behind him, leaving John alone in a room with a gossamer curtain separating him from the man in the bed. A near translucent piece of fabric separating him from...
! This was intolerable. No, it couldn't be ignored or deleted, so it had to addressed. But not now,
Regardless, Sherlock was here now, and moments away from making his final move. Arthur Jones, one of the two main candidates for the next Prime Minister, was about to be arrested for treason.
Not that Sherlock intended to use his own communication skills to reconcile with John. John had been very clear when he'd left that he wasn't coming back, and Sherlock loved him too much to persuade him when Sherlock knew he'd only hurt John again.
At just that moment a long back Bentley pulled up at the end of the ally and idled there.
Letting go of his cane, Sherlock draped himself across John's lap. Although the good doctor grumbled, it was belied by his warm smile and encircling hands. Sherlock held John's face in his hands and kissed him slowly. John's hands tightened at Sherlock's waist as he responded to the kiss, opening his mouth to Sherlock's eager explorations.
"It's no trouble," Mr. McGregor insisted. "I have been authorized to allow you to examine the body of Mrs. Mary Dwight. I feel I must warn you that her official cause of death has been ruled a suicide. The cremation is planned for tomorrow morning."
Miss. William's eyes grew wide again, and John offered her a friendly smile. She was a bit off, center again, which was probably the best place for her to be right now; it made her more likely to believe what they had to offer.
For several months now Sherlock had done his best to ignore John's feelings. He certainly hadn't been obvious about it, by normal standards John had been the picture of discretion. Sherlock doubted John even wanted him to know, but there was little anyone could keep from Sherlock for long.
John's eyes darted over the screen as Sherlock worked, trying to keep up. Whether he had hacked into the computer in front of him, or simply turned it on, he seemed to be rapidly scrolling through the files inside it, digging deeper and deeper into its core memory. Sherlock was opening and closing things so quickly that John had little chance of identifying them before he moved on to the next one. He wanted to ask Sherlock again what he was looking for, but he knew he would receive no answer, not when Sherlock was closing in on something.
Mycroft's scowl deepened. "I don't have time for your stupid games today, Sherlock. This is important!"
They walked together to the door, which Mary opened for him. "I'll see you again next Thursday?" Mary asked.
John was leaning against a wall for a moment, catching his breath, and surveying the crowd, when he saw someone walking towards him. They weren't rushed, so John made no move to push off the wall and into action, he just looked up, and smiled when he recognized Eric.
Sherlock had only 'hmmed' distractedly, as though this would be enough to get John to stop bothering him and leave him alone.
"And have you had any contractions
Sherlock was nowhere to be seen for the time being, a fact which John was immensely grateful for. It was so rare to have a moment to himself in this flat, that he was not about to let the moment pass unappreciated.
promises, Sherlock!" Greg called after him, knowing that his words, as always, fell on deaf ears.
John yanked a tissue from its box on the coffee table, and wiped away the tears. He took a deep breath and ran his hand over the letter to smooth it and remove the tears. John tried to steady himself as he took up his pen again, but his hand shook a little. Still he wrote, because he most definitely had his answer.
Susan nodded sympathetically. "Roses can be temperamental; you need to give them a lot of attention, sometimes. Miniatures on a trellis might work best if she doesn't have a lot of space. Has she tried burying banana peels near the plants roots? That can help ward off diseases."
"Watson?!"
: Home
Thank you to everyone who has left comments, given kudos to, subscribed to, and or bookmarked this story!  I can't tell you how much your support means to me.  ^_^
, real, in front of him. Sherlock didn't think he'd ever have this opportunity again. John wasn't here in friendship, naturally, a very different emotion was burning in his eyes. The feelings John held for him weren't gone, merely hardened and buried.
The lanky man peered at him curiously, his index finger slipping from his mouth. John strode forward so as not to embarrass him by yelling across the garden. Sherlock might not care about other people's feelings, but
"With how often I go to the bathroom?" Laurali asked, her breath coming in gasps now, "Didn't seem worth it."
Nathan sighed long and loud, looking up at the ceiling. "
had they stopped like this, still half out of the ally? They were supposed to be running, not getting ready to make out like a couple of teenagers!
"Yes," Mary agreed.
"Mr. Holmes?" They both turned to face a slim blond woman with gray eyes. She was neatly but not lavishly dressed, with a long grey trench left open in the wind, and her hair swept up in an immaculate bun at the back of her head. She carried a small black purse laid diagonally over her torso, just under her coat and in her left hand she gripped a pristine black violin case.
Molly tightened her grip on his hand, giving it a sympathetic squeeze.
James's eyebrows lifted expectantly. "And?"
He almost frowned when he realized that they'd already reached the steps up to 221 B. He didn't want the evening to end so soon, but the ex-army doctor had never run away from his responsibilities, and he wasn't about to start now. John took his hands out of his pockets and turned to say goodbye. He almost jumped when he realized how close James was to him; John had to tilt his head up to meet his eyes.
He ran his fingertips gently over the gravestone.
Sherlock was relatively silent when he entered the sitting room, but he was immediately noticed. A middle aged Caucasian women with brown frizzy hair leapt up from the sofa and hurried over to him. "Thank you for coming, Mr. Homes," she enthused, reaching forward to grab his hands. "We know you can get to the bottom of this!"
"Nearly," Sherlock confirmed, the hint of a smile gracing his features.
They look they shared next belied John's words. Sherlock's lips quivered with amusement under John's touch, even as he felt his heart stutter in his chest. He would have to run another EKG soon... His eyes dipped down to trace the curve of John's smile. Soon, but not now...
"I think you've moped about for long enough, don't you?" Mrs. Hudson asked, peering at him over the edge of her tea cup.
The good doctor didn't reply. Instead he leaned forward and placed the back of his hand against Sherlock's forehead, looking intently into his eyes. "You still have a fever."
Sherlock looked casually over at Bryan standing up at the podium, with Nathan just behind him, and his mother and sister standing a little ways behind them both. It wouldn't be long now...
Mycroft and Lestrade had continued their association, on and off, as Sherlock began to stabilize. Shortly after John had become a fixture in Sherlock's life there had been little reason for Mycroft and Lestrade to continue their association. The likelihood that they would still interact was high because of their mutual association with Sherlock, but it was still not likely that they would interact often. Sherlock wasn't clear on the details, but his brother and Lestrade must have continued meeting.
She glanced down, perplexed. "My wedding ring?"
"I have a case," Sherlock said softly, watching Nikki take a sudden step back from him, betrayal sweeping over her features. "I'll be here for tonight's performance, and tomorrow there will be a replacement here for me."
Mary nodded and slowly moved her hand to John's other shoulder. The process was slower with his bad shoulder, and she asked for more feedback, but once Mary had a sense of what was comfortable she ensured both shoulders were well tended to. She finished by spending a few minutes working the muscles along John's lower back with her knuckles and the heels of her palms. When she was finished she rested her palms flat against John's back, smiling as he rolled his neck and sighed. "Better?" She asked.
Mr. Wallingford, one of whom was
himself some tea, he poured a mug for Sherlock as well, before returning to his room. The
Sherlock turned his smug expression on John. "One never knows when little old ladies might be neighbors of a suspect. They're better than any security system I've ever seen."
John could follow the logic, but he didn't appreciate it. It made him wonder if Sherlock had become so attractive to him because of his innate desire to 'fix' things. John didn't think that was the case, Sherlock's eccentricities had grown on him, more or less. Then again, he never would have thought Sherlock would dismiss him so summarily and completely. That act alone made John question everything he thought he knew about Sherlock. Had John built him up in his head? Had John been that lonely after all his interrupted dates? John hadn't really thought Sherlock would be that cruel, not to him. It made John wonder if he had ever really known his enigmatic flatmate.
Sherlock had his cabbie stop about a mile away from Holloway Sanatorium. He wasn't going to be let in, neither was Lestrade. This wasn't a legitimate investigation; the timing of this was too convenient. This was an
~*~*~*~
"Sherlock," John panted, feeling the younger man insinuate himself between John's thighs. John meant to protest about protection, but Sherlock, as usual, charged recklessly forward, and took John into the velvety heat of his mouth, pressing his tongue into the sensitive glands at the tip of John's penis. John groaned and pushed into the warm, wet cavern of Sherlock's mouth. John's hands reached out, searching for purchase, and curled ineffectually in Sherlock's wild hair.
“This is that thing about your brother not trusting you,” John realized, “You like hitting them. You’re afraid you won’t be able to judge when you should and shouldn’t.”
“H-how,” John drew back again, trying to get a grasp on his mind, “How do I know I can trust you to stop? To not go too far and…”
Sherlock gave them all a critical look as he waited for Mycroft to outline his plan. Instead the man handed Sherlock a map, which he unfurled and smirked at.
“Oh for gods’ sake, tell Lestrade then!”
“Hell yes, I am, and I’m the only one on this ship without an ounce of debt. If you think I’m changing that you’re out of your damn mind. Here are the rules: You don’t wake me up. If I’m asleep you don’t eat. I’m awake for half an hour before and after each bell except for the dogged watches; I’m awake all through them and an hour before. If you’re
“Yes?” John wondered.
climbed the rigging. He missed four opportunities to swing over before picking the
“That’s… amazing. I haven’t told anyone that. Not even you.”
He fought himself for a moment and then turned and headed back for the bed. He climbed back in slowly, noting that Holmes was already working his hand over his shaft, his eyes closed and his face settled into lines of concentration. John slid beneath the covers, sighing at the return of warmth, and moved to take the man in hand. Holmes surrendered his cock to him with a relieved sigh and relaxed into the mattress more fully. John tried to pretend it was his own member he was stroking and found that worked rather well at first, until the man began to moan softly and thrust up into John’s hand. Then the sight of the cold man coming undone in front of him distracted him. His tan and freckled skin flushed as he arched his back, his sleep mussed hair began to cling to his forehead as he broke out in a light sweat. John was surprised to see he’d slept nearly naked- John had been to tired to notice anything besides warmth- and once the covers slipped down John was treated to pebbled nipples and a chest with a small patch of rough curls.
“I thought not.”
Mycroft was pale and drawn as he sat staring at the packet of papers in front of him. He’d found them lining the fancy dress that his brother had returned with, puffing it out like a Primadonna’s gown. Inside of it was a detailed account of things that would alter the course of the very Empire itself. He could deal with this all in silence, which would allow Mycroft to save face, but turning it in would mean Sherlock’s freedom.
“I can’t wait to see your tattoo fully healed. It will be at least a week before you can uncover it. I plan to coat you in ink, my dearest. Will you let me?”
“I’m going to enjoy this,” Sherlock purred.
“You’ll get rid of your system if I deal out the punishments?” John asked.
“That,” Sherlock chortled, “May be the best thing you’ve suggested yet. You know… bringing the king scientific advances… John, as a conductor of light-“
No one called Sherlock ‘Freak’ anymore. ‘Demon’ was far more accurate. ‘Terror’ also applied. The loyal stayed, but there were those who deserted. In fact there were so many who deserted that soon there were only enough crewmen for one ship. That at least improved the situation somewhat because Lestrade and Donovan could take turns reining him in while they were all on
Day 29
“You’ve made a grievous error, Sherlock,” Mycroft stated coldly, his eyes narrowed in anger, “What am I to do with you?”
“When he attacked me,” Sherlock replied.
tipping to one side. Voices shouted, screams echoed through the foul smelling prison. Some shouted they were saved, others begged for death, but still more lay still and past the point of salvation. Smoke filled the prison. The boat tipped again, this time falling on such an angle that John slid down his hay-strewn cell and slammed fully into the wall on the far side. The world erupted around him in smoke and the scream of wood. John sobbed as he realized the boat was under attack and coming apart at the bulwarks. A wall was literally
. You sing our songs and survive our insects and beasts. Den you tell me how smart you are.
“Laziness,” Sherlock replied, “Captain Sal filled me in quite some time ago. A few months ago he started to…”
“And women aren’t nearly as stupid as most men believe…”
“I’m to take care of you. Of your whole crew.”
“I was drinking a tea to…” The man started to say when his eyes widened in alarm.
“Bring us about!” Sherlock shouted in horror, “Bring us about! Put us to shore!”
“I might have lied about the temper.”
John lifted each arm one at a time with a gentle caress to the bottom, undid the knot at the front by wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s torso, and slid the chemise over his head. His curls bounced back into place, beautiful as always. Sherlock’s underskirt was knotted so tightly that he had to work it a few times before it finally came free, and then the soft fabric pooled at his feat. John let out a low groan as Sherlock’s pale bottom was shown to him at last. This part of him that never reached the burning sun was almost white and John couldn’t stop himself from dropping to his knees and pressing a kiss to each shapely cheek. When he stood again to move around he found his lover hard for him once more.
. I cut through enemy vessels and then net the remains as if they were dead whales, picking up what I want and discarding the rest. Each crewmember that survives takes a cut after the Queen gets her share. An
you want?” John asked, his voice trembling as Holmes leaned down and began licking the rum from John’s body, “Oh gods!”
he was seeing it. There was supposed to be a
“Three months in, eh?” John asked curiously, “Go on.”
John. I can’t stand to be laughed at. I went down to my cabin, found Lestrade’s old bullwhip, and walked up to the deck with it. I beat him with it. I beat him and fought off everyone who tried to stop me after the fifth lash. I was a skilled swordsman. It took Lestrade to disarm me and even then I screamed and ranted in outrage. By the time they managed to subdue me the man was dead.”
Mycroft paced his chambers anxiously until it became obvious that delaying his decision was not going to make it any easier. He walked into the next set of rooms, his private study, and sat down at his desk to do what he had known his brother would force him to do someday.
“You loved it.”
“Have you woken me just to tell me how much you
“A doctor,” He stated.
“Oh gods,” John panted, and all but sobbed with the pulsing desire in his body.
“Den you don know shit.”
Then the crash. Then the ship. Then Sherlock holding him through the night. Then the feel of another man’s cock in his hand and the
“Have you touched yourself, John?” Sherlock asked.
“Good man, straight to business,” Sherlock agreed, “Sadly, I don’t care. You see, I’m here for one treasure and one treasure only; a man by the name of John Watson. So fetch him if you would. Spit spot. Faster you go the faster you’re back, and the condition he’s in will determine your fate.”
not beta-ed, not brit-picked, not first language. Any wrong grammar please let me know.
It's not any cat of course, it's the tabby cat. As they walk closer, John can see their purple eyes gleaming at him. They stop in front of the bench and do a cat yoga pose to lick their back paw clean. John watches and watches and thinks, hell, it seems he's going to die anyway.
Sherlock colours slightly, and just grumbles something with his mouth full. The notebook is made with thick and high quality paper. He's making a collage of photos, newspapers pieces and printed emails. There are pens in at least five different colours, post-its in various sizes, and the whole thing looks bloody trendy in John's opinion. He recognises the elephant in the room case from the current page.
He breathes with relief. 'Ok, can you get me there? I don't have transportation.'
'You couldn't have known.' Sherlock replies gently.
Sherlock muffles a sob.
'No. No, no,
He waits for Sherlock's mind gears warm up a bit. And… there it was, the blinking. 'Ahn… sure.' he clears his throat, looking suddenly very shy. 'Please do.'
'Nope. It's school holiday, John will be locking himself up because he
Anna-Greta. He presumes that's how he should call her by now. According to the reports, all the documentation used was false, which meant he was never married after all.
'I'm aware now that I never said that properly to you. I think I took for granted that you were here. So I'm saying now. I love you.'
She tuts. 'Well, I can, but what if she's hungry?'
Mrs. Hudson pops by and makes Sherlock put the kettle on. Around dinner time, Lestrade comes by with Rosie. He lets him and Sherlock talk on the foyer, while he cuddles with her a bit. She babbles a lot of words at him, and he listens intently, humming and nodding in answer to her.
However, to assume behavioural patterns exist and to categorise them systematically are two completely different things. And Sherlock is the detective, ergo, the specialist in the matter. Even John, who supposedly planted the concept in his head, can have trouble interpreting the subtleties of people's attitudes.
people might react to something, whether Sherlock prefers to focus on
It seems that Sherlock is a blind spot to John. He fills every part of John's life, he's all John can see when they are in a room, and while it may have sounded a bit unhealthy for his old therapist, since the beginning John didn't mind the least. And yet, he keeps missing these things. How Sherlock truly feels. Is it because the intensity of his relationship to him is already so much without acknowledging Sherlock's reciprocity, that he unconsciously overlooks it so he doesn't get overwhelmed?
They freeze, staring at each other. The man is wearing a black hat and dark clothes. John doesn't recognise his face, but he knows is the one who followed him. He has light brown eyes, and a burn scar that starts at the far right side of his face and goes all the way to his throat, at least the part of it that peakes over his collar. John's hands itch for his gun.
Aaaand I'm back. I'll try to post the late chapters through the weekend so by Monday we are back on schedule.
'Janine's idea of fun.' Sherlock mumbles, going to the living room. John follows him.
‘Piss off!’ she bites back, putting a hand on her belly and wincing. ‘Like I would let Sherlock Holmes anywhere near my children!’
'Didn't say that.'
Sherlock cleans his throat. 'To be honest I'm not sure if she even remembers you, but you did place a bomb in her car, that alone warrants someone to flee.'
'Three months ago.' she supplies, cocking the gun and putting her finger through the trigger.
Mycroft approaches him, stern image in place. There's a tall blonde by his side, typing hurriedly in her Blackberry. 'Doctor Watson, Robin will take you and your wife home.' He starts to leave.
? He did go all the way to another continent to get his wife back, however, during the flight back it occurred to him that perhaps she hasn't wanted to be rescued. He had followed the signal from the implanted GPS, perplexed at the long way she took just so she wouldn't be noticed. She also never told him what she was doing in the during the travel.
The worst people one could have pointing a gun at your face are the amateurs. Brent Sullivan clearly doesn't know much about how to hold a weapon, being only motivated by anger, resentment and the macho need to prove himself better than a professional assassin woman. Very boring and dangerous combination, in Sherlock's opinion. The cherry on top is that he doesn't really have a plan, placing Sherlock in a chair on the living room.
'You see - when I got married I barely knew my husband. I told you that before. Love seemed to just bloom overnight. When he asked me to do the typing… well, it never crossed my mind to refuse. Obviously I ended up getting involved with many things. So when I'd get too stressed he would give me some marijuan-oh don't look like that, it's not the end of the world.'
Sherlock, you're hurt!'
He wakes up in hospital, as he's able to identify automatically due to experience ingrained in his brain, but said brain is also not so sure as to why there are no bombs nearby. He keeps expecting a loud noise disrupting his whole comprehension of reality, but it never comes. Instead there is the dim sound of a machine helping him to breath, and nurses and doctors quietly talking to him. Well, he assumes they are talking because their mouths move and there is vibration in the air, but he cannot capture any words. It resumes to wah wah wah, like they are the teacher of Charlie Brown.
. 'Her daughter gifted it on Christmas. Now we can message each other, isn't it fun? How do I forward messages? There's this video of a himbo gentleman afraid of getting his flu shots, I bet you'll laugh.'
He jumps at the bright tone, but smiles all the same.
Oh, but he was definitely going to rectify that.
He smiled. ‘Indeed.’
She smiles hugely at him, and takes his hand, apparently satisfied. She doesn't ask anything else during the trip, but John already has a pounding headache all the same.
'I hope you're not expecting me to reciprocate in your birthday.' Sherlock alerts suddenly, looking very relaxed and still smelling like tobacco.
(See the end of the chapter for
'We will rehearse it, John. I will give you a script if you want it. You'll have time to get used to it. But in the way you want things, I don't see any alternative.'
John is idling looking at the crime section of the newspaper, out of years' habit. Gruesome murder always improves everyone's mood, including himself, even if he has better social tact than to admit that aloud.
They toss around but she doesn't release the gun. If that goes on, she will likely find a window of opportunity to shoot him. She was trained and everything for that. His ears are ringing so he is not really listening to anything around him. He makes the mistake of using both hands to take the gun and she elbows his throat and knees his kidney.
look, it had to happen
"And I don't know how I will reconcile you and a child on my own." but he doesn't say aloud.
Not knowing their youngest is living on the streets sounds a bit neglectful to John, but given his own strained family relationships, he says nothing. 'But what exactly happened? Did you suddenly run out of money?'
John sits down next to him, their legs fully touching. 'Do you think they can fake a persona 24/7 for the cameras?'
'I would never show you this if I wasn't.' he replies firmly. 'Are
‘I'm aware.’ she doesn’t remark that he can’t bring himself to say it even after three years and even it it ended up not being real. ‘So it’s quite recurring. When would you say this feeling is triggered?’
- it's somewhat shapeless but definitely aiming at something, since it's small and round. Could be a coin bag.
Mary Watson has been deemed unreachable, obliging the court to find her neglectful. Case was closed as child abandonment, making John H. Watson sole legal guardian of Rosamund Watson.
It hits him that if the manufactured story is already out in the press, some decision has been made regarding Sherlock. Sudden death wasn't it? It meant he wouldn't been charged! Perhaps Mycroft finally managed to cover the issue, and he's got no reason to withhold information from John anymore.
She pushes him weakly, going to her knees. ‘Fuck off.’ but she doesn’t have the force to bite.
Mycroft's eyes narrow, mouth upturning slightly. 'I mean after that, John. You seem to be making yourself at home again in 221B. But surely you don't expect that Sherlock accommodates you and a baby in his flat that easily, do you?'
'She almost went down the stairs!' he replies furiously, going downstairs again, Rosie secured in his arms. 'How did she get there?'
He takes his phone as surreptitiously as he can, and sends one last text for the day.
Air-filled organs such as lungs, stomach, ears and even joints could simply collapse, depending on how close and how long a soldier was exposed to the interaction between high-frequency stress wave and lower-frequency shear wave. Concussions are also a type of primary blast injury.
Sherlock just nods and doesn't reply. John wants to shake him into the joyful state he was before, but he knows he can't help it right now.
'You're not going to drink?' Sherlock asks cautiously, still marveling John's knee touching his thigh. 'There's still whisky in the cupboard.'
“I’ll tell Anderson. My Phillip cooks like a king’s chef.”
A few days later John left the sickbay, and headed to the mess next to it. The mess was also where all the non-com’s slept, half of it devoted to hung hammock’s full of sleeping men while the other side held tables for eating and socializing. Sailors, John had discovered, could sleep through anything except the ship’s bell. John found out quickly that each man had their own trunk which they stashed their hammock- and anything else not on their person- in at night and locked. If one fell behind in their debts they could trade their hammock for a few days worth of meals and then curl up with a friend on the same shift or barter to use the hammock of a friend on a different shift, otherwise he was left to sleep on the floor of the mess. The hammock was apparently the first item to trade for necessities, closely followed by shoes, combs, blankets, any money they might have won or brought, and personal items. They
“The left shoulder blade, I think,” Sherlock decided.
you take from this galley with
There was an audible gasp from the crew and John stilled as he apparently
“Hope,” John sighed, “What a poor name for a madman.”
“Not bad for your first try,” Sherlock chuckled, “Although you may have disproved my theory about us being descended from apes.”
past him as if it had a right to! Then the scream of wood registered in his shocked brain and he clamped his hands over his ears as he realized that the wall moving beside him was in fact another boat. A gigantic boat made of
John woke to the feel of something cold being dripped into his mouth.
John headed for the edge of the boat to relieve himself since he still hadn’t earned a key to the privy and that was one thing that couldn’t be added to your debt bag- it wasn’t a necessity so you couldn’t have it if you were in the red. Once he’d finished pissing off the side of the boat- made more difficult by his slowly wilting erection- he cast about for something to make himself useful and spied a mop and bucket. As always there was a bucket of chips beside it. If he scrubbed the deck he could turn that chip in and decrease his debt, and that wasn’t anyone’s specific ‘job’ so no one could tell him not to do it. He headed over and grabbed the mop, determined to push himself as hard as he had to in order to eliminate as much debt as possible. He wouldn’t dishonor himself again!
get out. And stumble right into a nest of plotting assassins in true John Watson fashion. I spent the time sketching their faces and writing down any names I overheard. Their plot seems pretty convoluted but above is what I understood.
,” John replied sharply, giving Sherlock a reproving look. He was so unused to receiving such looks that his jaw clicked shut and he leaned forward to hear the wheezed reply.
“I’ll die avenging you.”
“Don’t make me repeat myself,” Sherlock stated, cocking the flint and levelling the weapon at his head, “I’ve murdered more than enough to guarantee my place in hell, your blood will only bother me if it splatters my boots and
Sherlock knelt in the fore of the rowboat as they took to the docks. The shallows hadn’t allowed them to dock completely without being grounded a heavy boat at such a small pier. Sherlock stood easily on the side of the boat with his usual catlike grace and stepped off onto the lower dock meant for fishmen to disembark in skiffs. He strode up the steps and down the longdock with a wide smile to his face. There he stopped. His cannons could reach further, but he wasn’t about to risk it. These were uncivilized people and might open fire before engaging in dialogue. Sherlock smiled widely at the people hurrying down to see him. In quick order he deduced the leaders on their way towards him.
“The doctor is dead,” Sherlock stated.
John woke in his old bedroom after many days of fever and many weeks of miserable travel. He had recovered quickly in the Spanish settlement in Florida, but they hadn’t waited until he was completely well before shipping him straight to Virginia. He’d been shaky when he’d arrived and his mother had fretted and put him straight to bed. She told him she barely recognized him, that even his eyes looked different. Then she told his father and brother to stay out of his room.
Sherlock ran the blade across my shoulders, then down along my side. I had to hold my breath because the touch was so light it was almost ticklish and I was afraid of what would happen if I jarred his hand. Then he moved it across my lower back in a motion that drew him directly over where my trousers tied. It had a peculiar affect on me and I gasped as my cock began to thicken. From that moment on every nerve in my body was alive. Every touch of the blade was a river of fire across my flesh. My fear vanished as I arched into the drag across my trembling skin. He teased me with it for over an hour, leaving me gasping and panting, my cock weeping a puddle on the floor… then he pressed harder. I gasped and stilled as he pressed hard and I could feel something dripping down my sides. I knew I should be as still as possible but the fact he was slicing me open had me losing all control. I was hyperventilating. My breath came in frantic pants and I was wheezing with each one. I could hear him behind me, laughing darkly as he moved the blade across my lower back again, and damn him to the ninth hell if I didn’t let lose a scream and then come spectacularly across the floor. My vision went white, I was drooling, sobbing, and shaking horribly. I had no idea how bad the damage was or if I would even be able to have it cared for since I was the only doctor on board.
John opened his mouth to reply something utterly ridiculous, but all that came out was a low groan that escalated to a scream as Holmes gripped his cock and pumped it until he came harder than he ever had in his life. John blacked out and when he came to he was sobbing, Holmes still lapping rum from his back and arse, as he fell apart completely.
“Ah, there you are boy,” Holmes stated cheerfully, “I’ll need you to…”
“The man who just left? His name is John?”
“Aye, Cap’n?” Lestrade called back, leaning over the deck.
“Five chips. Well. That’s less than a hammock.”
knew when someone tried to cheat with it. The punishment was horrific apparently. So why was this man taking his chip? John squared himself to tell the man off, when he started in on
RANDOM PIRATE FACT: By 1640, the buccaneers of Tortuga were calling themselves the
I’ve left the isle where I restocked my food and water. I just have to hope it wasn’t a testing site for Sherlock’s madness. I’ve been measuring on the map and if this wind keeps up I’ll get to Tortuga in two days time. With any luck I’ll make it before he kills anyone, but without knowing his timetable it’s entirely possible that I’ll make it there too late or early.
“That’s what people do,” He replied coldly, “If someone is sick or lame for more than three months they’re gone; either to the murky depths or off on the nearest dry rock. As a doctor you can help prevent that. Now tell me everything you know about James Moriarty of
” John asked in horror.
John’s eyebrows rose and the man chuckled and added: “Just don’t let her hear you call her that.”
“Then for the sake of this crew I suggest you find something to trade.”
Mycroft looked positively gobsmacked, and in other circumstances it would have been a delightful look on his face. In this instance it was just mildly amusing, seeing as how Sherlock was locked in a damp, chilly prison cell in London on his way to the gallows. Mycroft, his plump and
John nodded still thinking of how he’d patched up nearly the entire crew of the other ship, but there had only been about four injuries to their own crew.
“No one I know,” Dimmock shrugged, “Some won’t share and others
a shite doctor,” Holmes corrected arrogantly, “He was a traitor. Mr. Wilkes here was just about to tell us that he was drinking a tea since he couldn’t eat apples and disliked vegetables. That tea would be an extract of the needles of the Eastern White Cedar, which is a known preventative for scurvy when other means are not available. We have several bushels of the needles on the ship… we also have several bushels of various other pine needles on the ship for use in deodorization of the privy and to stuff the captains’ mattresses. A substitution with the
“I’m too weak to work.”
earlier. You were
“I may sleep for an entire day,” John whinged.
“Thank you,” John breathed, “If I could just have a free hammock and a few blankets…”
Sherlock smirked as they all reached the dock at various times and stood there looking awkward while waiting for the last to arrive. When the four were finally situated in front of him the drunkard politician was the first to speak up, and that said a lot about what kind of town they were. Sherlock normally found the religious leader to be the one who spoke, but with a town divided between Protestant and Catholic it was likely the two spent too much time fighting to actually create a unified structure in the town.
and lover/pet of Admiral W. Sherlock Holmes. My life started out simple and planned out. I was to follow in my father’s footsteps and become a doctor like my brother had before me. I was to marry the lovely farm girl I’d grown up with. Then everything went to hell. My brother fell to drink and gambled away his inheritance before our father could grace the grave. Then lovely Mary Morstan vanished in the night, snatched up by another man who her father approved of more than I. Or so I thought. Upon chasing after her I discovered that it was
“Most of us are headed there anyway,” Sherlock replied with a casual wave of his hand.
“You call that a mop job? Trust me son. The Admr’l won’t be taking a chip out of your bag for this, he’ll be
“He wouldn’t have torn them out if they weren’t important. I’m certain he meant to use them to save my life. I left him his treasure- and I searched that thoroughly- but I returned with a few items that I hadn’t had time to search before they arrested me in Florida. Examine them carefully.”
“Toby?”
John crawled forward on his hands and knees and lifted a corner of the soft garment to breathe in the scent of Sherlock’s herbal soaps and pipe smoke. He smiled lovingly up at him, adoration taking his words away. Sherlock stroked his cheek and then leaned forward to guide his chin upwards. Their lips met in a slow, steady kiss that left John breathless as well as speechless.
“Why?”
. You see, Watson,” Sherlock stood and moved into the doctor’s space, “This crew risks it’s life day in and day out, but they feel
“I’m tired.”
DAY 5
“I love him,” Sherlock stated.
“Cap’n Sal,” John stated politely, “I’m afraid I was a bit rude last time we spoke. My apologies ma’am.”
terminated most of the danger on the way in to make way with looting
in charge.
“John wants the ship chip free. He knows I have a temper-”
“You disagree with it?” Sherlock asked.
“How much?” John asked warily.
“You look cheerful,” Greg noted.
“No! Wait!” John was snatched up in Frank’s firm grip and tugged upright, “Hang on! I’m still recovering! I can’t just… Wait!”
“Do I randomly kill people often?” Holmes asked.
. He was running a blade along my body, and knowing Sherlock it was razor sharp! ‘Sherlock’, I said, ‘I don’t think this is such a good idea. Especially on a boat that, you know, rocks.’ He replied, ‘Did I tell you that you could speak?’ So I shut my mouth and let him do what he pleased with me. I was always doing that. Trusting him when I knew full well I shouldn’t.
new plan for me. He restrained my arms and left me face down. Then he brought something cold and sharp to the back of my neck and slowly dragged it down my spine. My breath caught. It was a
“Nothing,” John spat out.
Victor and Lestrade carefully manoeuvred John into the gig and sat down to row while Sherlock joined them and pulled John’s head into his lap, “John? John? Darling, answer me. Master is here, my pet. Speak to me, John. John?”
“As if I care!” Sherlock raged.
The town spat on them when they walked in the streets. Some stalls in market refused to serve them. John shamelessly stole what he needed if it was refused him legally, but he was good at what he did. They had no proof against him. When rumours of witchcraft started up he began to genuinely fear for their future, but by then, as His Lordship would have it, a boat was seen on the horizon and John knew he was saved.
“We’ve got one ship, Sherlock. I realized the treaty a while back reduced the pirating in Tortuga, but it’s still pretty wild there. We can’t take them on alone, so unless you’re planning on
“Maybe John ate them, the poor bastard.”
“No,” John replied, head dropping back down, “I did research this time. I’m not required to take a watch.”
Had a wank. Feel a bit better, yet I also feel guilty for climaxing without Sherlock’s permission. Sherlock. It occurs to me that is only the second time I have written his name in this book. Sherlock. I could write it a thousand times and it would not be enough, though I would laugh at myself for sounding like a giddy schoolboy. He makes me foolish like that.
John didn’t reply but he knew he’d obey. He had no choice.
John’s jaw dropped, “You don’t take more?”
. The pirate population was mostly made up of French and Englishmen, along with a small number of Dutchmen. In 1645, in an attempt to bring harmony and control over the island, the acting French governor imported roughly 1,650
Sal didn’t answer and soon John lay found himself simply waiting through the long process. He dozed and woke, studied Sherlock’s pretty visage or watched Sal chew on xyr lip. The tapping eventually ended and a bandage was placed over the tattoo.
John was halfway to the door when the second half of the sentence sunk in.
Sherlock chuckled lightly, “You are never sated, my depraved doctor.”
Sherlock sighed as he shifted out of his Mind Palace and surveyed the room around him. John was whittling in a corner to pass the time, his sickbay empty of patients for the moment. Sherlock was stretched out after having pleaded a headache in order to get the attention of his erstwhile cabin boy and soon-to-be-lover. The man had made him willow bark tea, rubbed his temples, and left him to ‘sleep it off’. He was gorgeous just sitting there in the corner pretending to be
John’s lips twitched, “I do so love the emphasis on the word
AN: I really, really wanted to write a kinky sex scene here, but this felt right with the submission and Sherlock showing himself to John as beautiful like a cute lil peacock.
,” Holmes replied softly as John sat down on the edge of his bed with fear curling in his stomach, “I was too young for it, but I was too smart, too stubborn, too curious to keep at home. Mycroft- my brother- had sent me away the year before when he caught me cutting up animals in the back yard and I quickly took over the ship.”
“Where does my Lordship want me marked?” John asked.
“There’s one on the Gloria Scott.”
Three men stood up eagerly, ready to take their sadness over John out on Moriarty. He bolted but didn’t make it far. He was a man of intellect, not strength. He was easily overpowered and Sherlock watched silently as Lestrade and Victor carefully loaded John into a wheelbarrow that had hopefully
he felt when he brought him off. The thrill. The satisfaction of having given someone else pleasure for the first time in his life. Then horror. Fear. Guilt.
uninjured
John stiffened in horror as Holmes gave him a predatory look and reached towards John’s still throbbing member. He scrambled backwards so quickly that he toppled out of the bed and landed hard on the rug. A dip of the ship added to his momentum and he rolled across the floor and slammed into the man’s desk chair, winding himself terribly. Holmes’ laughter followed him as he stumbled out of the cabin, gasping in humiliation and pain.
Sherlock flipped it open, “Some form of shorthand, no doubt. I’ll decipher it. Perhaps it will tell us what befell him to leave him in this state. He’s much dehydrated. I’m still not certain if he drank the water or not, but I think perhaps he heeded the warnings. I will operate under that assumption until symptoms develop. Water with a bit of lemon and honey in it will help him recover quickly. Then some chicken broth if he keeps that down.”
“We can’t laugh,” John stammered, “There’s a dead man in here!”
Spanish Main
make it look like a natural disaster. I may yet lose a great deal.”
“I’d be unsurprised if you tried to sell that too!”
,” John replied, adopting a haughty air and striding in before stretching himself out on the rug in front of Holmes’ bed, “The goose you plucked for my bed must have been made of feathers himself!”
, John thought,
“Then I guess he’s saved both our lives.”
John screwed his eyes shut as they approached fifty, his backside felt as if it were on fire and his erection was starting to dwindle. The next strike didn’t fall and he took a few minutes to shift miserably as he hung over the rail. Holmes dropped down on one knee and made a show of examining his consciousness. While the people below probably thought he was checking him for broken flesh the people
,” Sherlock replied, “You don’t know because you’ve never
“We should mark the occasion.”
“There’s evidence against you, dear brother. It was out in full long before you ever pulled into Tortuga. I even attempted to send them a warning, but it apparently didn’t get through. Your crew- or rather your former crew- turned you in, claiming madness had fallen over you and driven you to such behaviour. They begged me to stop you.”
“This ship has seven watches- shifts or rotations to you land lubbers.”
“No, I can’t say I have.”
“I know, I know,” John laughed, “But I’m still an idiot.”
His first attempt at shelter ended as laughably as his father’s attempts to keep him and he slept in the rain that night with his possessions carefully wrapped in leaves beneath a cache to protect them from moisture. John learned from his mistakes. He rebuilt and this time his work was good. It would need filling by winter, but it kept out the rain and he was able to line the floor with rushes until he collected enough river stones and sand to make a proper floor. John’s work continued in that shelter and eventually one of the women he cared for simply remained on. She lived in a corner of his home in a hammock she made herself and gave him no trouble and a bit of coin. It was a while before John caught on that he was her pimp, but by then it was simply amusing to him. Others moved in and John cared for their bodies and collected what they could spare him. When times were good he celebrated with a nice meal for all of them. It was almost domestic, in an illicit and shocking way. He had more patients than his father and wasn’t the least bit shocked- or indiscrete- when the village Reverend brought his daughter in for John’s ‘special’ services. He sat her down once she had recovered and taught her how to avoid needing his help again and sent her on her way with tea and a turtle shell. He made his own girls special sleaves out of sheep intestines that they swore by, but those were difficult to make so he reserved them for those who paid him for their upkeep. His home was crowded but for a man who had shared a boat with many it was hardly uncomfortable, even when the ladies synced up an took their frustrations out on him. John shamelessly whipped one who dared to slap him in a strop, but other than that there was general happiness in his home. Relief. A lack of judgement or abuse.
“I’m… sure I don’t know,” John replied, glancing at Sherlock for help. He folded his arms and gave John a look that he interpreted as ‘if you can’t take it don’t dish it out’.
“Your big fluffy bed, sir!” Holmes declared.
me to!” Sherlock replied gleefully, “He just needed an excuse to agree!”
Greg’s jaw didn’t
I now go to reclaim what I have lost… or rather to supplicate myself before the man who I do not deserve. Perhaps I can save him as he has saved me. I can only hope to be proven worthy.
Anyway, I’m trapped here and the ponce won’t let me go. I’ve gotten desperate enough to offer to give him the buggering he so sorely needs, but apparently he’s not into sodomy. The prick.
Watson gaped at him and then snapped his jaw shut and he visibly steadied himself, “Who?”
Finally the messenger arrived again and he had a shipman’s sack over his shoulders. Sherlock stilled and narrowed his eyes.
“A dog I had as a child. No, he wasn’t a good dog,” The man stated without John asking, “He shat on the floor on an hourly basis. Most flatulent creature I’ve ever encountered. I adored him. Our fleet runs on an unusual pay scale. You will work to get food and warmth or you won’t get food or warmth. So far you’re in debt.”
John howled, arching into the bed and then finding he couldn’t stop. He was gripping the sides of the cot and thrusting down into Holmes’ hand as it cupped his member, his bollocks rubbing against his forearm, and he had no idea how it had gotten there. The lines between pleasure and pain were far from blurred. The sweet smell of the rum tantalized his nose and the feel of another person’s hand on his cock was driving him wild.
John blinked in confusion.
“What are you telling
I’m being held hostage at an enormous castle with servants, fantastic food, more wine than a healthy man should consume, and three maids who keep offering me sex.
He propped his foot up on the rails and grasped John’s arm to tug him over his knee. He instinctively fought until Sherlock growled angrily and then he went with it, falling over his knee where Sherlock brought his hand down over his already ravaged bottom five times. John howled shamelessly, voicing his pain at high volume unlike his stubborn silence the night before. When he righted himself he had tears in his eyes that he quickly blinked away.
A scholar, likely the teacher for their tiny school. A Protestant reverend. A Catholic priest. A man who had too much to drink far too often and was therefore a politician.
“ALL hands, Cattle prod.”
“Tell me what?” Sherlock demanded.
John drifted off and when he woke again it was to see that dark mop of hair standing over his bed.
“They are,” Dimmock replied with an easy smile, “But most would rather not admit it. They’ll keep slugging along unless they’re unable to. Only those near death go to the doctor. Honestly, we rarely get hurt because the boat does most of the fighting for us.”
“Take the horses to the barn. Give them some attention. We’re nearly ready here.”
“Oh, my dear doctor,” Sherlock breathed, “My beloved.”
will be
“Are you going to kill him?” Dimmock worried.
“Wilkes is sleeping in there.”
“Good lad,” Lestrade grinned, “A doctor, eh? I’ll let the Admiral know. He lost his doctor a month back.”
Sherlock crossed the deck to John, mouth capturing his and arms moving around his body. He had John against the mizzenmast as he had so long ago when John had lost control of his own mind. Now John was bringing Sherlock back to his. Frantic and hungry, they pressed against each other, Sherlock’s buttons and bangles chafing and scratching John’s skin. One caught in a nipple ring and John groaned as it tugged painfully. Sherlock detached it with a wiggle of an eyebrow before capturing his lips again. Around him crew moved without a care, the remainder loyal to a fault and willing to look away. Sherlock’s trousers were easily undone and their hungry bodies moved together. John’s mouth fell open, his head against the solid wood behind him as Sherlock’s own mast ground into the older man’s hip.
John fainted.
Mary’s father came between them. He had supported their engagement, rejoiced that his daughter was so in love with a nice doctor, but then suddenly she wasn’t there. He’d gone to her house with flowers and her favourite pie baked by his mother and she’d been gone. To Iceland. Her father had found a richer prospective husband for her and he had sent her there. Her mother and brother had gone with her. He would never see her again. He couldn’t accept it. He chased after her, taking the first boat to Iceland only to be stopped with the green hills in sight and boarded by pirates. Beatings. Forced labor. The pirates had them rowing the gigantic boats during still weather, drums beating to keep them going while they were chained to the benches. Then they were moved to the hold where they were chained down again. John had been separated from the rest due to his tendency to try to escape at every possible opportunity. He had become the example to the rest. They gave him only enough food and water to stay alive, and barely that. The rest of the prisoners were marched past him twice a day while he reached through the bars of the cage to try and snatch at the food the guards dangled in front of him just out of his reach.
“They’ve brought their possessions with them,” John told him with a broad grin, “What they have and what they own.”
the beatings. You enjoyed beating me. How will you get your fix?”
“Are you?” John prompted, “Happy?”
“He’s pleading for leniency,” Holmes announced to the group, “You’ve voted for whipping. I’m going to lower his punishment to flogging and take him on as a cabin boy since doctors on this ship have a tendency to starve and I’ve never had the pleasure of having my own personal boy.”
Sherlock strode off and Greg stood on deck unsure of how he should take this bit of news.
it! That’s what makes this so wonderful! I’m guilt free!”
“He’s poisoned?” A few called out in horror. One called John by name, another by his nickname.
Then the first deaths occurred. They knew it had happened because the warning bells went off and people started panicking. A few more ships were launched and someone from the island tried to stop them from leaving. One shot was fired from land and a ship began to sink. Sherlock chuckled as he watched the madness from the forecastle through a scope. A bonfire flared up in what looked like it might be the main square, but it was hard to tell from this distance. They would be burning the bodies, but it wouldn’t stop the ‘plague’ from spreading. It was already inside of them, and the more water they touched and drank the sicker they would get. Soon all of Tortuga would be as silent as the grave; it’s houses, taverns, and houses of ill repute transformed into tombs.
“Doctor John Watson,” John snapped in mock politeness, “And you are?”
“The soap lasts months, even when used on your clothes…”
“It costs a chip for soap!” John shouted, “Which is why
Two more splashes and John was alone in a boat slowly drifting out to sea. John quickly adjusted the rigging and took off at a faster pace, abandoning his attempts to use Mary as cover. He saw one of the men swimming up to her boat and turned back to the rising sun, intending on using the glare for cover. She was behind him now in more ways than one.
The men were aiming the cannon to sink the boat and Sherlock was watching with boredom plastered on his face. They would have finished it off then, but the angle was wrong so the caravel made it into port before they could kill them off. Sherlock pulled out his glass and held it to his eye. Then he froze, his gut wrenching as if a knife had been plunged into his bowels.
“Hm?” Sherlock asked distractedly.
“You won’t be getting back home for a year, maybe more. I cut off people in debt once their debt bag becomes full. I’m sure you’d rather not go for eleven or more months without food, blankets, a hammock, and a key to the privy?”
!” Holmes hopped down of the rail and pointed at two people, “YOU TWO! MAINSAILS! YOU THREE BACK TO THE CHIPS OR YOU’LL BE FLOGGED! THE REST OF YOU BACK TO YOUR DUTIES!”
It would be as cold and foul as he felt inside.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, bolting around a bonfire and glancing at it worriedly, “John! John!!”
. I get far more from these raids than
“I’ve been more involved than you could ever imagine,” Mycroft stated, then rapped on the door and quickly left.
"When he returned the second time, I simply did not know he was there; I was too deep in my mind palace."
Marcus's hand slipped from John's mouth to his good shoulder. "Thank you for a brilliant evening. You have yourself a wonderful day." Marcus leaned down, and John met him halfway in a kiss.
Sherlock nodded in satisfaction, reached for the expensive looking shoes, and turned both over in his hands. Sherlock made a small sound in the back of his throat, set the shoes down and turned towards the covered body once more. "John, are you coming?"
"Shouldn't we let Greg know?" John asked, his breath coming in pants.
Harriet scowled. "You know bloody well what I meant! My addiction! My fucked up brain and the way I behaved! It took over everything! It is me and it's all I'll ever bloody be!"
voice, and everything it said was maddening. Whirling from his microscope, Sherlock quickly drew himself to his full height. Before him stood a resolute, square shouldered man with sandy blond hair and limpid blue eyes. He was three inches shorter than average, his head only coming up to Sherlock's chin. "You're a proper beggar, then? You'll take anything you can get?"
John shook his head. "No, he's right in the middle of an important case, actually, too delicate to leave right now."
"…'lo John," Sherlock replied faintly as John pressed his fingers into the younger man's wrist.
John chuckled and nudged her. "I think that's the
A sick, twisted feeling settled in John's stomach and he remembered words from half a year ago.
Sherlock dropped his voice a few octaves as he slid his hand into John's robe.  "Last night on the other hand..."
John moved his finger inside Sherlock, eliciting a breathy gasp. Sherlock's arms wound around John's shoulders, pulling him in, refusing to let him go. John fumbled blindly for the lube, applying more to his fingers before slowly pressing another finger inside Sherlock. Sherlock was rocking against John's fingers now as they moved inside him. Sherlock's legs gripped John's sides, urging him on, his whole body jerking and shuddering as John first brushed his prostate.
"You tell them, Susan!" Dan spat, lunging forward before the enthusiastic football players restrained him once more. He surged against their arms like a bull in a tether. "End this nonsense, we need to get home!"
"Bedside drawer," Sherlock murmured, lavishing John's thighs, cock, and abdomen in wet, sucking kisses. At length he crawled back up John's body and delved back into John's kiss swollen mouth. He'd meant to reach for the lube and condoms, but as usual John was distracting him, and for once, he didn't mind at all. John was
Sherlock gestured impatiently, and their guest sent a concerned glance in John's direction. "Would it be possible for us to speak, privately? This is a very delicate matter Mr. Holmes, and your companion already knows more than I had intended to reveal."
Mary caught his eye as she lowered her hand and followed his gaze to her ring. She smiled fondly as she looked at the ring before looking back at John. "I insisted on our rings being exactly identical, and this was the one we both liked. It's technically a man's ring, they had to special order it in my size." She slipped her hand into her pocket, glancing forward as they walked. "Now that I think of it, they had to special order Sean's too, his fingers were ticker than normal."
An answering smile curled on James's lips. "You're welcome."
Sherlock took the medicine without complaint and made room for John to sit beside him on the sofa.
"John?" James asked again, leaning forward to try to catch his gaze.
John lay limp, head lolling on his cot, one arm swung out, slopping to the floor with the very needle Sherlock had stolen stuck firmly into his vein at the crook of his elbow.
Sherlock spun slightly, gesturing to Greg. "Detective Inspector Lestrade informed us that you had no known enemies, that you lived a quiet, retired life. Clearly, given the body, you
Sherlock had stewed over his recent cases for the last two weeks before deciding to exhume his older ones and look for clues that might have been invisible to him before. It was somewhat surprising that his excavations, which had quickly spilled into the living room, hadn't woken John. Not that he particularly tried to be quiet, nothing of the sort. No, John must still be catching up on sleep debt from Mrs. Dwight's case.
Mycroft sighed and hung his head. "Yes," he murmured back. "But I fear it's a case of the lesser of two evils." Mycroft lifted his head again and met John's gaze. "I've been his only contact all this time. The only one from home anyway. He loves...his family desperately, but the time apart has been...hard on him. I feel some connection with his home will help him focus through the pain." Mycroft extended his hand, offering John the letter. "Just think about it. If you don't want to I won't be back. If you do, well, I'll be back in three days to see if I have a letter to pick up. If you don't come to the door... I have my answer."
John grabbed his coat and pulled it on as he hurried after the world's only consulting detective. Sherlock had been angry enough that John worried about having to pay his own cab fare home, then pay Sherlock's to assuage an angry cabbie he would most certainly leave for John to deal with. Luckily Sherlock had been too busy angrily stalking up and down the sidewalk to summon a cab.
Marcus pushed back from the wall, and John likewise eased back, giving Marcus the room he needed to shuck his jacket and shirt. His tie still hung limply around his neck, having been loosened and pushed aside in John's assault, but not actually removed.
Sherlock pushed back from the desk with an angry shove. He didn't like losing ground like this, especially not to
"Thank you for your flexibility in meeting me, Mr. Holmes," Mr. Murphy said, still distractedly looking at his computer. "I apologize for the change in venue, there have been many unexpected projects for the firm recently." This was both an illusion to Mr. Wallingford's demise and another power play.
to each other, Johnny!" She had laid her head sideways on her arms and was sobbing in earnest now. Her hair hung limp and wet with perspiration around her face. "It's
John frowned. "Doctors don't' fix anyone, and I never liked the concept of someone being considered 'broken' anyways." He paused thoughtfully, taking another drink from his pint. "Doctors do help people heal, so if you mean I want to help heal him, then yes, naturally. Damned if I know what ails him, though. He's impossible to get close to."
Sherlock felt as if the whole world were wrapped in thick cotton, and he tried, unsuccessfully, to move.
His first glance at the stairs told him there hadn't been any visitors. No new scuff marks, no minute deposits of sediment, no disturbance of the dust in the corners. Just as well, he could have his pick from the website this way.
interesting that you've suddenly taken such an interest in your work. I thought you were rather distracted, what with your date and all."
John squinted down at the picture and shook his head. "Maybe in passing, I don't remember. Mostly I've been focused on my work." He pointedly avoided Sherlock's gaze, but he still felt the shift in the atmosphere around them. They both knew perfectly well why John had been out of sorts these past few months. Though, if Greg was to be believed, Sherlock had been out of sorts as well…
the most important thing in his life, and the best and only thing he could do for John now, was to stay far away from him.
Mycroft had been kind enough to arrange it that Sherlock and John would be left alone for two months at 221B. He'd sent Mrs. Hudson on Holiday, and sternly informed John's friends that visits of any kind would interrupt John's "therapy."
The nobleman stood suddenly, paced to the windows and looked down on the street as he spoke. "You are right, Mr. Holmes. I have come to you in the hopes that you can help me avoid a scandal." He drew a deep breath before turning to face Sherlock once more. "Will you take my case?"
One would think that, after
"What?" James asked, leaning forward with interest.
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^
"Is he alright?" James asked, his brows furrowing in sympathy.
Sherlock ducked under a low hanging ceiling and turned a corner. When he had first entered the sewers he had intended to remain there only as long as was needed to approach the hiding place of the spider which he hoped his tracking devices would lead him to. He never expected that same lair would be underground as well, but he probably should have. Hadn't he been thinking, just as he climbed into said tunnels that so much space was left unused, and that one could easily get almost anywhere in London from said subterranean spaces, if only one knew how?
Mary's expression was both sad and thoughtful. "Do you think he's the one holding Nikki's seat for her while she recovers?"
barely tolerate you some days. What on earth makes you think I'm going to sick you on a colleague just because you have a hunch?"
They should've been alone when it happened.  Warm and safe in their apartment.  It would've been fine if it happened on an adrenaline high after a good case.  Hell, even in the thrill of the moment when Sherlock had been in danger, John would have been able to see that coming.
"Yes!" He was almost shouting as he threw his hands into the air. "It has to be! That's all he ever does. It's something with the Royal Opera House, probably, or someone connected with it. He probably saw Nikki's accident and recommended she ask for me. He probably wants to rope me into whatever scheme he's planning by playing to my sympathies." John cursed again. "I thought it was a little strange that she asked for me that night, considering I'd never treated her before, but I thought maybe she'd heard of me." John shook his head, chuckling darkly. "Turns out she'd been
John reached to take her arm and Mary allowed it as they made their way back into the main hall. "I thought you said this story was always tragic?" John asked.
Sherlock shrugged, then winced and wished he hadn't. When did his muscles get so sore? "Sherlock's condition, I suppose."
John laughed, despite his best efforts not to. It was just so absurd the turn his life had taken in such a short period of time. The last time his world had turned so completely on its head had begun one of the happiest periods of his life thus far... One couldn't ask for such a miracle twice.
-and he wasn't sure how much longer he could tolerate this...
"Leave me
John's expression became stern. "Sherlock, you can't work as effectively if you're not healthy. I'm surprised you work as well as you do with the way you starve yourself and never sleep." The good doctor reached back and lifted the tablets and glass of water from the low table. "Take your medicine."
Susan's jaw clenched and she began to glare at Sherlock. "I do love my husband!" She insisted angrily.
," Sherlock explained. "She spent most of her younger years in free lance special ops. That's how she's seen so much of the world, and she left the business after her husband died."
"I was giving advice," Mary admitted, closing her book and setting it on a nearby bookshelf.
~*~*~*~
John looked surely at the windows and said, "Oh he's in alright. I just hope he doesn't cause an explosion before we get upstairs."
John scanned blood work, MRI's, and dozens of other tests. She'd apparently been found collapsed and unresponsive in one of the rest rooms. It was a good thing the staff set a time limit to check on someone or... John moved his eyes over the page again, not really seeing the words anymore.
John was as fit and nimble as the next guy, but when he'd seen the criminal pull a gun and aim it at Sherlock he'd panicked and lost his footing.  It was stupid.  If he'd just kept going he could've easily closed the gap and pulled his own gun to protect Sherlock.  Instead he'd tumbled head over heels and landed with a badly sprained ankle.
At the time Sherlock had been grateful that John had recognized the significance of that information; that Sherlock frequently deleted basic information about the solar system from his mind palace because it was not important, but he
He remembered this kind of lonely. He'd felt it before, just after he'd been invalided home. His minuscule dingy flat of those first months had been barren and soulless not because of John's lack of funds, though that certainly played a part. It had been empty because John had been empty. As amazing, thrilling, and life-changing as his friendship with Sherlock had been, John still liked to think it wasn't all chance. That he'd placed such utter faith in the brilliant detective because of the remarkable traits he'd seen in him, and not just because he was
"They eyelids have been ripped off," Sherlock noted, peering closely at Mrs. Werner's severed head. "I'm guessing she didn't like the dog fights, and Mr. Werner wanted her front and center, unable to look away, so to speak."
"I'm here helping the work crew verify some human remains they think they found alongside the artifacts." James replied. "Come down off of there. There's a ledge here, I can help you."
away from your delivery date."
John sighed and pushed himself up into a sitting position. Sleep had been generally illusive since his exile from 221 B, but tonight it had abandoned him entirely. He
John smiled despite himself. "I don't know. We'll do our best, but don't wait for us." He waved as he turned to go, rushing down the steps as quickly as he had come.
"Then
"Agreed. Don't think too much about it, you'll only make yourself crazy. Do you know when you'll hear back?"
was calling a florist. I wanted to send an arrangement to the Dwight household. Not only did she let slip the address, which I already knew from glancing at Mrs. Dwights file in the mortuary, but she stated the arrangements would be better sent to Mr. Dwight senior, since Mr. Dwight has taken the children with him to stay at his parents for the funeral."
Marcus smirked, smug as he used two hands to tug his tie free from his body. "I'm afraid you have me at a disadvantage, John," he murmured, pressing forward even as he pulled John into another kiss. They stumbled a few steps back before they came to a stop, partway between the bed and the wall. Marcus's fingers slid over the warm skin of John's neck, then shifted lower to part the buttons of his shirt.
"Tell you what, let me treat you to lunch sometime, and I'll tell you what he used it for,
"I'm going to need you to run to Tesco's and pick up a few things for me," Sherlock informed him, plucking a hastily scrawled list from his desk and holding it out to John.
Marcus chuckled and nodded, but he did not lean back. "Exactly. When I have a night off, I don't want to run into anything remotely resembling my work."
John chuckled as he pressed a variety of kisses across Sherlock's torso. He'd never really pictured Sherlock masturbating. He'd fantasized about other things, yes, but not that. As amazing and brilliant as he was, Sherlock was, in fact, still human.
They were approaching the stairs when Sherlock ducked his head into a small half bath, grinned, and started to dash for the stairs.
Mycroft arched an eyebrow at his brother. "I thought you had been referring to Moriarty as a spider. However, the general principle is correct. Simply dispatching Moriarty would have left a vacancy some other clever and unknown person would fill."
Mary's reply was a long time in coming, so long in fact that John had assumed that was the end of it. But at last her almost-whisper reached him. "Yes, it is."
John nodded to himself. He remembered what it was like to be that homesick. He might not like Mycroft, but this operative of his had done nothing, so far as John could tell, worth being angry or resentful about. It was worth finishing the letter at least.
In the end, John had not returned to Charing Cross, although he had agonized over the decision. Instead he accepted a position as physician on-call with them, which allowed him the flexible hours he now needed.
," he had replied, quickly turning back to his studies.
Sherlock shook his head.  "I don't think so," he murmured.  That was all the warning John received before Sherlock slid forward and lifted John into his arms.
Mary smiled. "Excellent. Would you prefer sitting or lying down?"
"We must," he assured her, gently leading her along. "Come, I will be with you all the way through."
"I think it's cute," James replied.
me, John."
Love is worth it. Love is
John fought the urge to curse under his breath as he and Sherlock pulled on the thin blue gloves. Laurali had made a habit of things like this as a child. Whenever she was poorly she had tried to hide it, almost to the point of collapsing. He and Sherlock had tried to assure her that being ill or injured was not something she would get punished for, and that they wanted to help her. Laurali
John eased his friend back onto the bed, and lifted a damp flannel from the tray, wiping it across Sherlock's face. The world's only consulting detective grimaced and grumbled, but did not turn his face away. Even he knew the cloth only
drawer with a flourish before seating himself in front of the microscope once more.
seeing each other," John insisted. "We
"I saw that," John smirked, glancing at his sister over the morning paper.
Miss. William's eyes were wide, taking in the spectacle before her as she delicately placed her book on a side table, and sat up a little straighter to meet her visitors. She swallowed, licked her lips, and brought her gaze up to meet Sherlock's. "Mr. Holmes," she began, her voice somewhat strained. "Please tell me you haven't been excavating...
"He doesn't have anything to do with the case, John, I told you."
to make a sarcastic comment that there had been nothing wrong in the first place, but the words died before they could even make it to his lips. Instead he nodded, his fingers twitching with the repressed urge to curl around John's.
give me any warning about what we're about to jump into, you've bloody gotten me
John's initial reaction to Sherlock's return had been violent, and at that time Sherlock had been at a loss as to how to restore things to how they had been before. Still, John was reliable and loyal. He hadn't said he
John turned away in order to squash his sudden, and intense urge to ring the idiot's neck. He was heartless, irresponsible, and utterly without remorse. ...He really was a monster... The floorboards creaked as John leaned towards the exit. Except... he couldn't leave. Not without trying. This was his best, probably his only, chance. "You were right," he choked out, turning to face the lanky man once more.
"Yes, please…" The patient breathed, his breath coming in stuttered gasps.
~*~*~*~
"Like one night stands?" John asked softly, setting his beer down. Marcus was very, very close.
The two men stared at each other for a long moment in the silence that followed. Heavy emotions swam behind two sets of eyes. There just wasn't anything else to say.
Sherlock shrugged, absently reaching for his bedside drawer. "It facilitated masturbation and cleanup."
Screeching tires and a spray of water from the road caught Sherlock's attention before he could redirect it himself. A car was trying to stop too abruptly, and was hydroplaning out of control, close to the curb. In an instant Sherlock watched the car jump the curb and crash into a lamp post. A young woman had been standing by the lamp post waiting, with a violin case in her hand. She had tried to jump out of the way when the car jumped the curb, but she'd lost her balance and in her falling, her arm had been pinned between the car and the lamp post.
“That’s… lovely,” John replied, shivering miserably, “I’m the new doctor.”
“Why are the lanterns out?” John whispered back, “I was told there’d be a fight.”
Sherlock spun around, bringing his sword up just in time to knock a knife out of the doctor’s hands. John shouted in alarm and the doctor flung the contents of his pipe in Sherlock’s face. Blind and screaming in pain, he staggered back while throwing his sword up to defend himself. He had little chance to avoid a quick blow from a secondary weapon in this low-ceilinged room without use of his eyes and he knew it, but then he heard several loud thumps and a gurgling sound as if someone were choking.
Captain Sal strode into the room with two men behind her. John had informed the duty watchman of their situation while he’d been topside and these men were here to collect the body. John stood and faced them, giving them a polite nod and holding out his hand to the captain.
“It is. That’s the point.”
it was! He was so
“What was his name?” John asked, glancing over his shoulder at the dead man on the floor.
Lestrade joined them a moment later with Hooper and a wretched looking Donovan in tow. Donovan had been set for the gallows a week ago but escaped under hir own power. Anderson was in the wind but he’d likely show up at some point in time once he found out that Donovan was free and sailing again. He’d meet them at a port and they’d be on the lookout for him. Lestrade had been given a pass, but that was only because he was white and not
John turned several shades of white, red, and green. Sherlock worried he’d faint, but he took a deep breath and replied with: “I need to check on my patient.”
- ideas- comes originally from observation of the real world. False ideas are the result of putting simple observations together in the wrong order. To obtain true ideas we must trace our ideas back to their original observations, to make sure that the ideas in our head hang together in the same order in reality.
“I’ll die if I don’t have someplace warm and dry to sleep tonight,” Watson informed him, his voice strong despite the fear behind it.
“Oh my sweet doctor,” Sherlock breathed, “You will prepare yourself for me, wash fully, strip off those clothes, and lay supine on our bed.”
Sherlock smirked, “These three vessels are the pride of Her Majesty The Queen. We take in more bounty than any other ship. You saw the metal hull? I designed it myself. They can’t be sunk. They’re floating
I can’t help but think of a particularly wonderful moment we had together, one that inspired this mornings release. We’d just left a port and hit a rather dull spot. No wind to speak of. Most of the crew got pretty damn cranky and Sherlock was the leader of the grump. Lestrade refused to come over to calm him down and Sal just laughed when I pleaded with her for assistance and then told me to get him off.
“Lestrade and Donovan, yes. Donovan still hates me for it, but she loves me too. After all, I gave her what she likely never would have had.”
“What you always do. Put me further away from you. Perhaps the colonies will do?”
be enjoying it. Then John volunteered and I thought I’d lose my mind with how
“What about the people in the rigging?!” John hissed in alarm.
Sherlock continued to ignore him and mentally marked him as ‘oblivious to being dismissed and/or ignored’.
“I’ll take his lashings,” John shouted over the roar.
I look different now.”
“Nor can he save you,” Lestrade replied softly, “We’ll all hang for this.”
“I’m the captain of the
to it for you wasting soap! Worthless piece of shit.”
“Breathe, Sherlock,” Lestrade whispered by his side, “Breathe. We’ll get to him in time. We
“Come to bed and sleep.”
John scrambled into them and was about to bolt out of the room when Holmes grabbed his arm and tugged him back.
“And if it takes me first?”
,” She replied sharply, “And what you did was brave… for a white man.”
“Oh, I know. I’ve read all your cute journal entries,” Sherlock replied, “Mycroft delivered them to me, and he even managed to smuggle aboard a gift that I’m
John entered the cabin he’d called home with a slow breath of relief. He was surprised not to find Lestrade and Donovan’s things in there as well. He gestured to the room and as usual Sherlock knew what he meant without him saying.
