. Or 221B not being full of your things, the smell of your aftershave and your experiments, all the memories of you being there, sitting in your chair or pacing endlessly or sleeping on the sofa.
Watson sighed. “When I was in his class, I struggled a bit, as you know. Chemistry is hard enough, and my mind doesn’t absorb things as quickly as yours. Professor Bellamy offered to tutor me privately. While there isn’t anything wrong with that, I’ve been propositioned enough that I was sure that’s what he was doing. I turned him down, mentioned that you were tutoring me.”
Molly was his friend; he owed her something— honesty, at the very least. How could he break this to her? The existence of a sealed juvenile record was a red flag. That, combined with his sense that something was funny about Richard Brook, aka James Moriarty, made him worry about Molly’s inability to see the darker side of people.
It was several days later that I found an envelope resting in my chair. I had slept in, having made a late night of it at the Sutherland-Ruggles wedding. Watson was already gone, filling in for a colleague who had sent a note around, asking him to see a patient of his.
. When he arrived, Lestrade was already waiting, looking tanned and suave in a linen suit that set off his silver hair. Sherlock hated interviews; they made him irritable. He’d put on his usual, a slim black suit with the aubergine shirt that made his pale eyes look even more alien. He had forgotten to check his hair before leaving his flat. “Fuck,” he said, slumping into a chair for the stylist.
He was a stout man who neither knew or cared about anything outside of his sphere of business. His wife had poor taste in everything, to judge by her dress and the furnishings of their house, and his daughter was a product of their nouveau-riche attitudes.
And what would John want? The extent of Magnussen’s abuse wasn’t clear, but it had certainly left scars on John. He came back to London because he was tired of hiding, but that didn’t mean he was ready for a serious relationship. Even if he wanted to be here, he might not be ready for that. He was a victim of abuse. He might not want—
“Ninety-five,” he replied. “So what? It’s not as if talent matters. If it did, I’d have at least one BAFTA by now.”
“You agreed,” he replied. “Our mother wishes to have this matter settled by week’s end. A June wedding, I believe, is what she is planning for. She’s already reserved the church.”
Someone who won't be put off by his work, who won't object to the things he uses the veggie crisper for, who won't think he's a psychopath because he enjoys solving murders.
There is no doubt; I am a selfish man. While I could easily send Watson away on some business, I wanted to be alone with him, to have a few happy memories. I knew that the confrontation with Moriarty, whenever it happened, would be deadly. Selfishly, I wanted him at my side.
“True.” He took a swallow of wine. “What you did might have been reasonable, but at the moment logic does not appease my feelings.”
Before Clara could get to the revelation this was obviously leading up to, the back door of the gallery swung open with a bang, and a woman entered holding a flat box under her arm, probably another hideous collage.
Through the crowd of bustling travellers, I can see Mycroft Holmes, sitting in a coffee shop. That’s not what startles me. Mycroft in an airport is nothing out of the ordinary. He must travel a lot. His face isn’t well known, so he doesn’t worry about being spotted, doesn’t need an entourage of handlers and assistants. Maybe he has a bodyguard, probably that solid-looking bloke at the other table who’s pretending to read a newspaper.
The remaining one percent were the ones I studied. These were mostly women, few of them young, of various backgrounds. They could see ghosts, as I did.
I had made a vow. One day I would travel back there and see his bones properly buried. I did not know where he would want to lie for eternity. He had lived his entire brief life there, in that house, and might not enjoy London. One day I would visit him, and ask him what he wanted. If he was still there, waiting for me, I would keep my promise to him.
Summer is turning into fall, almost two years since Sherlock left me. I’m anxious, but Mycroft promised he would tell me if there was any news— bad news, specifically— and he hasn’t said a word. I wonder if he even knows where his brother is. I wonder how often they’re in touch.
And guest appearances by Sherlock Holmes, the arsehole who’s stalking him. He won’t think about that now. He’s miserable and lonely and drunk, and he’s going to fucking enjoy it.
This is all on Sherlock. They’ll wonder what he did wrong, how he managed to drive away a man who tolerated him at his worst. Molly, who knows them both, will assure him that she’ll go to John, talk him round. She’ll want them to reconcile. It will be more awkward than that first date.
For Sherlock, it was a final moment to be remembered in a lifetime of moments, the last memory he would have of John. The day he met John, reading lines together for the first time. The hurried lunches on set, the script sessions, rehearsals, publicity tours. The final episode, the goodbyes. The day Sherlock, sitting in rehab and watching a flickering telly, heard that the boy he loved had killed himself.
“He may think he is in love with his future bride, but I guarantee that one of them is in it for money. He is a doctor, struggling to set himself up in practice, and she may have some money of her own. Or she is without prospects, and sees in him a reliable source of support.”
Sherlock’s puffs out another breath, creating a vaporous cloud in the damp air. “Caring is not an advantage. Love is a distinct
They all admitted that they hadn’t seen an actual ghost. I hadn’t either, and had begun to form an theory on this subject. I’d seen what happened to bodies after death, and knew that Nature takes things apart, bit by bit. Nothing is lost, except whatever it is that we call the
“John, I, erm… well, congratulations. On your engagement, I mean. Mary seems like a wonderful woman, and I’m sure you’ll be happy…” I’m babbling.
“Actually, there’s not much to say about him. Yeah, I checked. He’s so spectacularly bad that I wondered what he’d been in previously. Nothing is the answer. He’s been Diarrhoea Dude for a little over a year. Before that, nothing.”
Holmes looks distressed for a moment, then his face clears. “Because he may be coming back for you, to finish what he started to do. And since we don’t know when that will happen, I’m keeping my eye on you.”
“Last night. And the victim’s left some kind of note. I would appreciate your help… if you would be so good. It’s likely to be… well, we know that it’s poison. Not pretty. Will you come with me?”
“You always take care of me.” Sherlock’s voice is small, full of something I’ve never heard. Misery, loneliness… vulnerability.
He’ll be home soon, and I wonder how that first meeting will go. Will he still have dyed hair and clothing I don’t recognise? Maybe he’ll try to surprise me, wearing a disguise I haven’t seen. Maybe he’ll be too hurt, still in a hospital bed, and I’ll come to his side. Whatever happens, I will be waiting for him.
A feeling of warmth was blooming in his chest. He wanted to take care of John, to protect him. And regardless of what role Magnussen had played in John’s breakdown, Sherlock wanted the bastard dead. Or at least arrested, thrown in prison for the rest of his life. Let his career be ruined while John’s resurged.
Towards the end of the scene, Greg entered as Mr Smith, confiding that he’d seen Alex, who was reluctant to show himself yet. He shared what Alex had told him, that Jason was
By some luck, John hadn’t bled out, but it had been a close thing. Four pints of his blood, spilled in the alley. Too close for Sherlock, who knew that losing John in such a stupid manner, on such a trivial case, simply could
Sherlock gives him a small, rueful smile. “You assume that some event precipitated my fall into drugs. No, nothing made me.
I had deduced the sperm donor part, but hadn’t anticipated the woman, who was at least fifteen years older than John. She was an attractive woman, about five foot two, with short blond hair (dyed) and large, blue eyes. She wore a business suit and carried a briefcase.
The exception to that rule was John. He understood that eventually the series would end, and he would have to deal with that when it happened. Until then, he would play his role and pretend he wasn’t in love with John.
I pictured myself alone in our rooms, the lonely nights and silent mornings. No Watson clattering in our little kitchen, getting my tea ready to serve the moment I awakened. No one to take notes and organise my files. I imagined taking cases without him, all joy of the chase gone. His practice would grow as his family increased, and he would have no time for me. He would become successful, even renowned, while my own practice dwindled. Eventually he would regard me as a brief and possibly shameful incident in his past. He would put me out of his mind. I would grow old on Baker Street, alone and friendless.
Everything happens differently. Sherlock doesn’t go to the roof. He comes home from Barts and tells me that Moriarty is dead. And I say,
Sherlock knows all about the frontal lobe, centre of decision making, planning, and impulse control. He knows that an injury to the front of the head can change a personality.
One night he hears a key in the lock downstairs. It’s late, and he sits up straight, listening. Someone is coming up the stairs. Not Mrs Hudson, but familiar feet, a tread he recognises.
I laugh at his suggestion of being attacked by a bear. "Don't have to worry too much ‘bout bears or wolves or such. Most of them are sleeping off the winter in caves. If you do see one I hope you have the sense not to poke it." He rolls his eyes at me, again. "What you do need to watch out for are loose snow and rocks, keep an eye on the weather, look for any smoke in the sky that can signal a hunting party or cabin, but most importantly look out for traps. A lot of traps get set and forgotten about and if you were to step in one, it wouldn’t care if you were a furry animal or a human. It'd take you down all the same."
"You will do no such thing. I don't trust her THAT much." The very idea of him walking around half-naked in front of that woman...
"Maybe she slept over at her friend’s house. The one with the married kids." It does seem out of character for her though.
I pull back after a sweet moment. Where I rest my forehead on his chest I can feel his heart pounding away.
I huff. "Yes, but then we were trying not to freeze to death." Still, I curl up against him, resting my head on his shoulder and a hand on his broad chest. It's not that I minded the closeness...
Sherlock starts to saunter off. "What the ever-loving... Get back here!" When he turns around I see something sad in his eyes. "Come on love. We'll take the deer in then talk." I push all the anger as far down as possible so I can focus on him.
I take the clothes he hands me, and set them on the edge of the bed. "I shudder to think what Mycroft might be thinking right now..."
"We're going to freeze out here..." I continue to whine. "Once it's light out, we need to find our way home."
"Babe. Yes. I believe we had discussed you not referring to me as a child, Gregory. I am only a few scarce years younger than you." Is he trying to hit every bump possible?! Ouch.
"Mrs Hudson is the one that would know that." I almost call out for Martha before I catch myself. "She's not here at the moment but will be back soon. In the meantime, you could ask Mrs Turner next door."
I sputter while taking a sip of the tea. "Surely Sherlock has spoken about me? I am his arch-nemesis after all."
I smack his chest. "I do not snore. And if I did there is no way you would hear it through you muffles." Which are actually quite adorable.
“Who the Hell are you?" I stand between Lock and the guy that came out of the woods. "What do you want?'
"I don't think I've ever made anyone feel so... so confident. So happy." I smile. "I must admit, I like the feeling."
I pant just a little bit when I get back up to the flat with the building manager. "Sherlock, this is Ms Bailey. Ms Bailey, this is Sherlock. Now excuse me, I need to get some water."
"I like what I see... no matter what you may think." I smile at him as he returns with a flannel and cleans us up.
I raise my head and look at him carefully. "With Molly? Of course! He's about the same build as that young gay man she brought to the party, claiming he was her date." I let go of John and resume pacing around the kitchen. "What was his name..."
"Look, Lock, it's just sleeping. Would you prefer to freeze your arse off?" I wonder if his books said anything about body heat. "Besides we've already -slept- together and I didn't even know you for an hour then."
"You really must be close friends... you can't even remember his name." I giggle. "To answer your question, about an hour. He finished off a bowl of stew first, though. Would you like some?"
I place the bedroll in the hollowed-out tree as Gregory starts a fire. "Gregory. I'd like to." I take a moment to breathe. "I would like to show you what I need. I fear you will be disgusted so I ask that you still find my brother and bring him home no matter you think of me after."
"I told you making Valentine's for Mrs Hudson was a bad idea." Seb shakes his head but a slight grin is visible.
"The Where is Public. Haven't you been paying attention? He won't do anything with me if we're in public! Cares too much ‘bout him image. It doesn't even matter if he's choked on my dick less than an hour ago, if he sees me in public, he doesn't even acknowledge me." I use the towel to start wiping off the entire table. "I could've been riding those long digits of his the night before but come morning light those digits are too good to be seen next to my simple commoner’s hands. Yet those same digits can be fondling the arse of a Statesman ‘cause it would be what's expected." I remove his cup to the sink after I scrub down his area with the towel.
I sit quietly listening to John as he reads the note, my fingers steepled in front of me as I think. I suddenly notice he's stopped talking, and is looking at me in that adorable, confused manner he has. "Hand me the envelope, please." I put out my hand. "Although you've likely corrupted any evidence there might have been on the note, perhaps I can find something useful..."
"I may do that. You wouldn't know where I might find him, would you?" I ask, trying to seem innocent.
I chuckle. I love being right, but I don't want to rub it in... it would only annoy him. Again, I step in front of him and crouch down, and he hobbles over and puts his arms around my neck. I grab hold of his legs and hoist him onto my back. "All right, then - this direction, right?" I start back in the right direction.
"Yes. If you'd prefer not to be seen with me, I understand." I say quietly, my face just inches from his.
Stifling a laugh, I pull back and let him slip out of my mouth. "What's in it for me, if I do that for you?" I grin up at him, teasing him with the tip of my tongue.
"Wow. Amazing." Looking closer I can see that the couple is Mrs and Mr Smallwood. "How ‘bout them?" I point out a pair in perfectly mirrored scales.
"Sherlock. Sherrrrr looooock. Shrlk. Shery. Locky. Hmm." I can feel his irritation like it was a viable thing oozing out of him. "I liked William. It’s a nice name." Best to know now if he'll be able to handle my, self-admittedly, terrible sense of humor. "Shhhhhhhllk."
The moment I see clothes all over the usually fastidiously neat room I know what's going on but not where.
"Turn around, arms on the wall and lean your head against them." I gather up more gel and begin a standing massage on his neck. I'm leaned against him so I kiss his shoulders as I reach around and put some of the gel on his dick. A few slow strokes and he's as hard as he was back in the bed.
"You think I didn't notice you ten years ago?" Foolish man. I must have hid my crush better than Sherlock accused me of.
I chew slowly then grin up at him. "I was hoping you would feed it to me. Unless there's something else you'd like to put in my mouth." I open the blanket and tug him in to lay beside me.
"It just set so I'd say ‘bout ten hours." His shaking is worse than I thought. "Budge a bit, would ya?" I open my heavy coat and guide him to lay his back against my chest before I pull the coat as closed as possible. "This might work better if you take off the flimsy jacket of yours." I don't want to make him to uncomfortable but if I don't do something he'll be dead before the night is over.
I settle my nerves and climb in after him. It takes a moment to get comfortable leaning on his chest. I pull his coat on top of us and bring his hands into my chest area. "Comfy? Not to unpleasant I hope." I wiggle a bit to dislodge a pokey twig.
I lay silent and think of the entire interaction we had. I -may- have misinterpreted a few things. "Do you mean what you said?"
"Mmmhmm. Or on days it's particularly windy. You snore, just a little. If it wakes me, all I do is roll you onto your side, and you stop." I can't believe he doesn't think he snores...
I zip up my trousers as I ponder the statement. "Getting a new job probably." A flicker of anger passes in Sherlock's eyes. "No. No no no. He's not getting fired. But he may quit." I button up my shirt but seemed to have forgotten my shoes. "Will you be getting dressed?" It’s hardly appropriate to walk around in a sheet. Even in one’s home. I hoist him up and start making the bed as best as possible. The pillow... I'll replace that.
"Here love, let me help." I pull him to standing and divest him of tunic and myself if pants. I sit on the bed and lean back on my elbows. My dick is rigid and there's a drop if precum on the head. "Come here."
"Thank you, Mycroft but I don't want Sherlock to have to cook for another person without enough warning. Maybe dinner here another time." I turn back to Sherlock as Myc leaves.  It’s unfair of him to offer up Sherlocks superior culinary skills and inviting me to dinner without asking him first.
The very idea has me laughing. Laughing and coughing at the same time has an interesting effect on one’s bladder so I excuse myself quickly.
"Don't do that!" I hiss at him. "He's already insufferable - you'll just make him worse." I shrug. "I haven't been out of the house except for running to the market once a week while he's asleep in the afternoon, and then, I don't have time for the local gossip and chatter." I consider for a moment. "You know, if I work all night, I might be able to finish what I need to get done by tomorrow afternoon. Any chance you can make one more mask? I'm sure I can find a way to pay you for it..."
"Mycroft being in charge of anything does not make me feel better." Worse will be dealing with a Sherlock tantrum if Mycroft solves this case before him.
"She's in unfamiliar territory... it happens. You've never had a horse spook on you?" I ask, mildly amused.
"Doubtful, but I do appreciate your rose-color glasses, Gregory." I smile at him as he drives us to the castle.
I whimper at his words, and try to focus on anything but what he's doing with that talented tongue, to keep this from ending all too quickly. With one hand, I run my fingers through his blond hair.
"I do. But if you don't like it, I won't do it." I shrug. I roll onto my back again, to look up into his eyes.
"There was a girl I grew up with. Just before I got involved with... Lady Smallwood" I shudder at the memory "She and I were very close. Considering marriage, even. But her father didn't approve of me, and one morning, I woke to find her father had taken her to live with distant relatives, to get her away from my 'bad influence'." I huff, tossing some small sticks into the fire. "Since then, well, there's been no one I wanted to call by those terms."
I shake my head no. "That was one of those weird things. We only went to my place to, umm, sleep. No idea where he lives. I will send you his number though."
"Calm down, John. Security has things well in hand now." I pat his shoulder reassuringly. "Most of the men outside claim to your Phoenix. I was hoping you could come down and perhaps evaluate?"
As I kiss him I put my hands on his arse and lift it up higher. Soon our kiss is more a mingling of breath becomes I'm focusing all my strength on trying to actually fuck him into the mattress. "Baby. I'm close. So close." I bite down on his clavicle in an attempt to stave off my cumming. His dick is trapped between us, being rubbed in turns by my abs and his chest.
"There's no need to get that tone of voice with me. I will either remember or I won't. You doing that," I flap my hand to indicate him, "Sherlock thing doesn't help."
I spent most the night dreaming of my brother. The guilt from taking him out and, worse, abandoning him is eating me alive. Literally. I've lost enough weight that none of my clothes fit properly and I rarely eat. It was not even two days before I went to where I had left him in the hope beyond hope that he was still alive. Instead of finding him or his corpse I found the remains of a campfire and animal bones. I believe in what's left of my heart that he is alive. I will find him. As dawn begins I leave Gregory’s bed and go make him tea with toast and jam. Usually the smell is enough to wake him.
"Seem pretty convinced bout yourself there. Mayhaps I was just gonna look at your luscious body and get myself off without you? What would you say to that?" I insert another finger with only minimal resistance so I deem myself ready. I take his hand away from his penis and position the head at my entry. In one breath I go from empty to him being bottomed out inside me.
At this exact moment everything comes down to this. Just this. My eyes tear up and I can only bring in small gasps of air since his penis is literally large enough to choke me. My nose touches his pubic hair but I know I can take more. Just a bit more and I'll have him completely engulfed. My own cock is weeping in its neglect but that only adds to the used-needed feeling. With one more push I finally have him balls deep in my mouth. From somewhere inside me I release a moan of pure satisfaction.
"Really Mum? You'd have him sleep in a crap cot in a cramped parlor instead of with his fiancé?" I appeal to her more practical side.
Scooting my knees closer to him causes his legs to lift even higher. I grab a pillow to put under his lower back so he doesn't strain himself. I make as I position myself at his opening. Slowly I sink in til I'm balls deep. "Still doing good? No pain?" He's tight and still slicked up. "Tell me when I can move."
"It's better than I could have ever hoped for." My thumb rubs the back of his hand lightly. "But you know what would make it better? Food. And beer, no more of that Champaign stuff. You hungry?"
"Corporal Seb Kalle," I put out my hand to shake his. "Formerly of the 19th Regiment Royal Artillery."
"That, John, is another question for my brother." I take a screenshot of the mystery man and Mrs. Hudson, and send it to Mycroft.
I climb back into the bed beside him, a silly grin on my face. "Would you like a massage, then? Wasn't exactly my plan..."
"So you got jealous because he was fondling someone else's arse, and not yours?" I raise an eyebrow.
I try to hold back as long as possible to make this experience last. The moment he presses on my taint, which makes the plug press my prostate, I lose the fight. My balls tighten up and my legs go and I cum so hard I see stars.
"The trail seems to lead over that hill, but still in the general direction of the river. When we get to the top of the hill, I may be able to get a better vantage point." I take Daisy by the reins and look over at him. "Walk or ride?"
"I'm cold, I'm sore from sitting on the cold hard ground, and I'm wrapped in the arms of a total stranger trying to stave off hypothermia." I huff. "Of course I'm not OK."
"No" I gasp as his fingertip presses into me. "Don't stop." I stop stroking and squeeze the base of my cock, willing the edge away.
When I hear the door close, I let out the laugh I've been stifling. I start to get to my feet, but John holds me back.
"No, just the one bowl is plenty for now, thank you." I smile in a friendly way. I feel very... odd. I wonder if I can wake John and ask him. Maybe he was right about this woman. "I think I'll go check on John, if you don't mind."
"What. Have. You. Done?!" I go to grab the flask but he moves it quickly out of my reach. "How dare you tell me what I need? Who are you to judge my needs?" That was expensive Brandy. The last of the bottle Father and I would share on long nights.
"umm yeah. If not a horse, then what are you? If you weren't you what would you want to be?" I can't believe I just asked such a stupid question.
"Is it actually almonds or does it just smelling like almonds? Arsenic is surprisingly easy to make."
"You don't know what type he likes but you're getting him milk. Seems a bit hinky. Maybe you could text him. Or..." I wait for him to respond to my prompt.
"I'm sure she's fine. You're just upset she didn't bring you your precious biscuits." There is something wrong about her room but I can't quite place it.
"I'm quite satisfied to be me, I think." I've never entertained the idea of being anything but myself. "About how much farther do you think the cabin is?" I can carry him for a while, but eventually, I'll need to take a break. Not only is he a bit heavier than I anticipated, his arms and legs wrapped around me is a bit distracting.
"John. Call me John. And you are...?" I take my mask off for a moment and use it as a make shift fan.
I almost choke on my beer. "Yeah. I might be able to do that. But what about after? Is it a one job thing or are we looking at a regular position?"
"You shouldn't lie to old ladies. They'll steal your breath while you sleep." A stretch and yawn and I'm awake.
"I... um... I know who you are." My voice cracks, and my throat has suddenly gone dry. "My Lord." I bow quickly.
I sputter and almost trip on nothing at her calm declaration of the reason behind the mob. "M'sorry. Musta heard wrong. What? My Phoenix? Is them? No." I walk away from her and back to the secret passage.
I creep up the stairs toward my bedroom, to find the door slightly ajar. I know I closed it this morning when I left.
"No. No of course not. I got mad cause he was fondling that lush arse in public. Public. He won't even shake my hand in public." I run my hand through my hair then lay my head on my arm. "My arse isn't good enough to fondle in public.  And it’s a dammed good arse!"
I clap in utter joy when Martha Dear makes Seb go an alarming shade of red. "And here I thought only I could make him turn that color."
I watch him get up and walk away, a full-body shudder going through me as I quietly get up off the bed, too, dropping to my knees.
"Jimmy, we discussed this. You agreed that if they got here within 48 hours, you would win. We made that wager at 6:30pm, two nights ago. They arrived at 6pm - 30 minutes to spare."
Sherlock looks so sad so I kiss him again, a bit longer this time. "Then we simply won't let him quit. I'll have Mum issue a Royal Decree that he stay put." This brings a small smile to my lover’s face. "Is he often mad with you?"
"The kind I win. She's gonna stay here and we'll all live happy ever after. Or Huddy wins and we move to Baker Street. Daddy's tired now. Go to sleep."
"No. Ok, maybe yes. But you're also William." Why are we discussing this? It’s obvious he's William.
"Oh dear gods Gregory. You are not a stupid man. You can figure it out." I push the remaining food away and walk over to the bedding he has thrown in the floor. "I'd rather you just out right say your rejection then I can get past this stupid infatuation."
"Oh, it's not that bad." I huff. Yes, it's sour, but not enough to make my ears pucker like he's acting. "It actually goes with the rabbit pretty well, I think."
Mycroft grabs an umbrella from near the door and starts up the stairs. I make a detour to the kitchen for a knife then follow him.
"I could swear, I smell smoke. Wood smoke. Like a wood-burning stove or something." I look around, half expecting to see a wisp of smoke climbing skyward. "Do you smell it? It's very faint."
I take the sash and paddle off the bed. After tying the sash around the handle of the paddle and my wrist I swing it a few times to test that it's going to hold. "Do you know why I did this? So I can swing it back further to come down on you harder. The next four will make up for the fourteen more you should get.  I want you to count out each one and thank me for them."
"You were lucky, then, to find me when you did. My... mistress... would not have been pleased if I'd strayed from her bed, even if she rarely spent time in it with me."
His fingers tease around that perfect spot, and I writhe trying to get his fingers exactly where I need them. "So... close... please..." I beg.
"Mycroft, wake up." I lean over and kiss him on the temple. "We need to get on the trail. I'm making some tea, and I think there's a bit of cheese left." If we're out after tonight, I may have to do a bit of hunting.
"Yeah yeah yeah. Stop your dancing, you pretty wanker and help me up this branch. I'll climb up and see what it is." He stops his dancing long enough to help me get up the first branch. I climb about as high as it's safe to and look around. Sure enough there is a small cabin, made of pine no doubt, with a bit of smoke coming out a chimney.
"Since my goal was not to hurt you, it seemed that 'goodbye' would be ill-advised." I let my hand linger on his cheek. "I've gone about this all wrong, haven't I? Forgive me..."
It hadn't been very long since I last bottomed, something I do only with Mycroft, so I didn't expect I'd need much prep. I put two of my fingers in his mouth as I sucked on his. My plan was to have him watch me while I made sure I was still able to take him.
My eyes have glazed over. All I can see is his face over mine. I shift my legs, locking my ankles around his waist, reveling in how he feels. I twitch my hips against him, causing a moan of pleasure from us both.
"Of course, it doesn't hurt that I find you incredibly sexy." I grin at him.  "But it's more than that."
Without thinking, I wrap my legs around his waist as he shifts over me, the new position letting him thrust deeper than before. I gasp loudly with every stroke.
I laugh. "Kat hates that name. I called her that the first time I met her - she set me straight right quick." Holy Hell, the guy is quizzing me... he doesn't trust me at all. Smart guy.
'Oh don't blame me for this. I would've been quite happy with some brews down at the pub. But this is what Mum wanted." As I tell him this I begin to think just how stupid I'm being. "If you like parties... Do you like parties?"
It takes longer than I'd hope to set up a trap. The chances of finding anything are pretty nil around here. I return to the clearing to see a perfectly made up patch of bedding and a proper fire waiting to happen. "Wow. That's"
I stand there, stunned to silence by what I just experienced. I take several deep breaths, willing my heart to slow back to a normal pace. Once again calm and in control, I adjust my mask and push myself off the wall, carefully parting the curtain and exiting the alcove.
"I would love to see them sometime. There's nothing better than fresh honey..." I say dreamily. I can just imagine licking honey off his fingers...
"Not well. You?" I pick up his jacket after handing him a towel. I hold his coat open for him to slip back in to. "Impressive skill that. Washing up without the mask slipping even a bit."
My fingers dig into his hips as I fuck him hard, a fine sheen on sweat on my chest from the effort. The soreness of my arse and the slight burn of the lube have blended beautifully with his body's tight grip on my cock and the sight of the blissed-out look on his face as he strokes himself.
I look from him to the bags and back. "Food smells good. Katie still doing the cooking?" It's Kat, not Katie. Thanks to Sherlock calling her Katie constantly we have been relegated to delivery only.
"Of course, I came back. What, you think I'd find someone I'd rather take care of?" I chuckle, sweeping him up into my arms and taking him down the hall.
"I'll take that as an agreement." My Doctor voice is telling me to be slow and gentle while my Soldier voice is telling me to
"Will you let me? Let me help you?" I hold him close, rubbing my hands up and down his back soothingly.
I can see the way Martha and Sherlock are looking at each other like old hens in the roost. "Secrets are bad and sharing is caring. What are you two talking about?"
"Name's Greg Lestrade. I'm a Captain of the Guard, and have been hired by Mycroft Holmes to track down his younger brother." I stop a few yards away from them, still well away from the house.
I almost kiss him when he gets the fire going. He's trying so hard to learn and do the right things. I stop myself thankfully. "Proud of you Locky. Good job."
"Not a 'cure', per se, but made him forget about it long enough to realize that his therapist is right and the limp is all in his head." I smile weakly as I stare into my empty cup. "He's leaving, you say? I guess his mum is sending him away since he debased himself so much as to dance with a commoner..."
I stop what we’re doing just long enough to pull my shirt off and leave my torso bare before I lean in to kiss him again.
I put both my hands on his thighs and proceed to do as directed. His shaft is covered in saliva which will aid me being able to take it all down. I look at him again, knowing my mouth is obscenely full of his cock, and he caresses my bottom lip a moment then nods for me to continue. I get lost in the repetition of sucking, bringing him in as far as I can, a bit more than last time, breathing as I release him, repeat. My mind is a beautiful blank. My world is nothing but Gregory. His smell, the taste, every noise he makes, all mine.
"I hadn't considered using tree bark as a container in which to boil water. That will be an interesting experiment... I wonder if the bark will impart any peculiar flavor to the water? Maybe if we have bark from several different types of tree..."
At the first touch of the Woman's fingers my body freezes up. As she continues to touch me I find myself feeling relaxed and comfortable. "The ankle?" I feel not a single pain in my body until she sets my foot down to grab a poultice and then it returns five-fold. "Dammit all. It hurts. I thought it was better but I must have been wrong." The pack she puts on my leg makes it feel all better again. "So, how long has..." Bollocks I forgot his name. "Umm, that bloke, ha Sherlock. How long has he been asleep?"
My jaw drops. "Your brother does the cooking?" Maybe he isn't quite as posh as he sounds. I watch him try to dainty-like eat his rabbit... Nah, he is.
A laugh escapes me. "Well aren't we the perfect pair. Both in love with a man with no heirs in sight. Oh how Mummy would roll in her grave, shallow as it is."
"Now, dear, I can't go telling you all my secrets, can I?" I wink at him as he leans back lazily on the sofa. "Do you want some more tea?"
I'm not expecting it when he smacks my upper thigh, and I jump back, shoving my arse back against him.
I reach over for the lube I set down earlier. It's a warming kind that we rarely use because Sebby says he gets irritated from the heat of it. I squirt a generous portion into my palm before I wrap my hand around his gorgeous cock and stroke slowly. The cock ring has done its job well. The lube is slightly diluted by the amount of precum he's leaking.
"Good morning, dear!" I beam at Jimmy when he walks into the kitchen and gives me a peck on the cheek. "I made some breakfast. Seems your man wasn't hungry, so you'll have to eat some of his, too. Can't have it going to waste..." I set a plate in front of him at the table.
I tried to fix the moment in my Mind Palace. The smell of John’s body, the feel of his ribs expanding as he breathed in, the sound of his heart…
Afterwards, when the story died down, he blamed everyone for forgetting. He blamed himself for not being John’s friend before, when it could have made a difference. His penance was his grief.
Sherlock took the beer Mike handed him. “Let me explain something to you, Phil. This is important, so listen carefully:
“That is so.” I picked up a hunting crop and began to tap it against my palm. “But it was a rather cruel trick to play on the lady, don’t you agree? Especially devastating to a woman who has had no prior experience in such things. You married her mother for her money, and now you will deny your daughter happiness which she might have found, though she is beyond the blush of youth. Were I her brother, I would take this—”
But he could change. Why not? Nothing in his life had worked out the way he planned. Maybe it was time to figure out what he really wanted.
She shrugs. “Depends on how it goes. We’re negotiating a screenplay for my book. My agent has lined up some people I can talk to.”
Often he’d thought of the fans as a necessary nuisance. He acted for himself, holding his performance as a thing he could shelve somewhere in his mind, as if in a gallery. He knew that audiences were necessary, just as writers need readers and visual artists need people to look at their work, but he hadn’t thought himself affected by what his audience felt, one way or the other. As the room began settling down, he realised how wrong he’d been. He might have gone into acting because it was fun and challenging, but he needed this. He loved it.
“I guess he’s caught up in something,” he says. “He gets that way, completely forgets about eating and sleeping and just obsesses about some problem or something. I should probably see what he’s up to.”
They end up going out for sushi, her choice. She corrects the way he holds his chopsticks, tells him he’s a wimp for refusing to eat raw fish, dares him to eat a blob of wasabi, and talks about how much she hates school.
“Oh, and I should tell you that I’m going to be gone for a few days. Over the weekend, I think. Mary finally called, and she asked if I could come home—“
The cab had stopped and the driver was waiting. As he reached in his pocket for cash, he realised that the driver hadn’t spoken at all, not through the entire trip. Some cabbies were like that, while other chattered away, regardless of whether you replied or not. He looked up and saw a pair of dark eyes watching him in the rearview mirror.
? Instead of being flooded with anger and shame— what would Watson have felt then, if that had been how they first met?
She gazed at him for a long moment, then nodded. “Molly, Mike, and the others are your friends. Don’t forget that. Now, what did you want to ask me?”
Trying not to think about how much he hated Sebastian Wilkes when he was a student here, he reminds himself that this man was a friend of Holmes; he might be able to facilitate their investigation. Or he might make things harder, just because he can.
He’d gotten the same education as those boys at Priory, the ones who made him feel less worthy. It had taken something out of him, but he went on to university and became a doctor and a surgeon, and then became a soldier, kneeling on the ground and doing his job under fire. Those boys who made his life miserable could never do that. He’s not a coward, not afraid of taking risks. That’s part of who he is. He’s always believed in that part of him, the part that fights back, if only because Dad believed it. Dad loved it when he came home bloody, but unbowed. He loved the John who fought back.
Feeling as if he were in a very bad play, Sherlock sank into in the nearest chair. His head felt light, not like cocaine, but something was making his heart race.
Sleep eventually happens, but not until after some more not-so-rubbish sex. As he begins to drift off, Sherlock becomes aware that John is still awake. He’s relaxed, but there’s something going on inside his head.
I have the feeling that this is one of those tales where Dr Watson is being deliberately unreliable, covering up “the real story, which may never be told.” I set out to retcon that story, to unveil the real murderer, and put our heroes in an unheroic position requiring that cover story.
“There have been a series of suicides…” He glances at the open drawer beside the bed, sees dark metal there.
So he kept his feelings submerged and distanced himself from John. The producers would have hated it if he’d come out. It was a popular series, its audience mainly pre-teen girls. Sherlock even had his own following of females who found something appealing in his alien looks. But if he had told John what he felt, it would have ruined everything, and not just for him. Many people depended on
The Ashton-Farbridges were exactly the type of people my mother loves to cultivate. They probably owed her a favour. It was obvious that their daughter had disappointed their hopes of marrying up; they were settling for me because of whatever my mother had on them (most likely the unhappy love affair), but were not entirely happy about it. I could work with that, I decided.
“Without data, it would be a mistake to theorise. But the note itself — what can you deduce from it?”
“Huxtable will call the school to chapel this morning and make the announcement. I expressed my opinion that sticking to routine would make it easier for the boys, and he agreed. He plans to have a normal day, though teachers will probably let their students read or work quietly, rather than have a lecture.”
He takes his liver sample home and tosses it in the refrigerator, promising himself that he’ll make slides later. Then he plonks himself in his chair with a cup of tea and thinks.
“A fairy tale,” I said. “And a poor analogy. The Bank of England, on the other hand, has never been robbed.”
Murder is still practiced in this new century, and there is always need for a consulting detective. After a few rebuffs from Scotland Yard, he finds an inspector who listens to his deductions and begins letting him into crime scenes. As it happens, his name is Lestrade, whose great-grandfather once worked with Sherlock Holmes.
“Ah, the babysitter’s here, I see,” David says, grinning at John. “Good to see you again, John. How are you?”
It was in the spring of 1890 that we solved a mystery for a wealthy client, one that Watson will most likely never write up without substantial changes to disguise identities. Thanks to our involvement, it never became a police matter. In gratitude, the client invited us to a fancy ball at his Manor House in Surrey.
Our teachers were young men, their backgrounds similar to our own, poor boys who had managed to obtain a little education. Instead of sympathy for their charges, however, they seemed determined to make our days as bleak as their own memories of school. We were never beaten, but often a scapegoat was singled out for public humiliation.
He’s reached the landing now. He stops and blinks a few times, trying to get his eyes to work. Feeling accomplished, he looks back down the stairway. That’s a lot of steps, and he has evidently climbed them all. Unless flying is a thing now.
“Well, he wasn’t that great an actor,” Anderson said. “He had a look that our target audience liked, that’s all. Blond, cute. He’d probably be stout and bald now, if he were—”
John’s tongue tasted of him. He sucked Sherlock’s lower lip into his mouth and Sherlock groaned. He heard John’s breath hitch, felt his erection pressing against his hip.
Though it was no less painful to him now, he’d had time to think about it and could be more objective, maybe even make a few deductions. His rational mind was demanding evidence before abandoning the notion. Very well, he’d see what he could find. He began to search online, reading every report of the event could find and putting his thoughts in order.
Right now John looks a bit wary, his feathers still ruffled, but at least he’s here. His presence is grounding. Sherlock’s attention turns to the case, a body found rolled inside a mat at a gym. Several possible causes of death come to mind, and he’s sure John will be able to answer that question.
I laughed. “Have you? About me? Let’s see how well you’ve learned your lessons. What have you deduced?”
Watson wrote my questions and her answers in his notebook. His handwriting left something to be desired, but he had mastered my system of shorthand and made useful notes. Right now, I was only half listening, my attention focused on reading the lady herself.
“Logical. If you hadn't reacted favourably that'd meant that you were unlikely to actually want these things, and then what would be the point of me asking for them?”
“I think I’ve already done that. What I said there at the morgue, it was cruel. We were both… equally bad, but for different reasons. And I get mad, furious, even, but I don’t hold a grudge, Sherlock. Just… let’s not do it again.”
John’s voice breaks the compact flood of sensations just enough so that Sherlock can make out the words. His friend’s voice is almost teasing, but it's too breathy to convey any real sense of bicker. And Sherlock’s voice would probably be too thin and needy to allow any kind of dignity, so he doesn’t even attempt to articulate; he just lets some sort of approving, uncommitted sound answer. It doesn’t come out uncommitted, however, it comes out desperate, and if he hadn’t already felt his skin burn with all the dilated blood vessels, he’d be afraid that John would see how his cheeks burns even more.
Tucking his phone back into his pocket, Sherlock considers his options. In addition to all the rest, he’s feeling a sudden urge for a whole other kind of release.
Positioned like this, Sherlock's line of sight is parallel with the tabletop, and so he can't see John, he can only see his recently abandoned notepad and the stacks of papers littering the surface. Against his cheek, Sherlock can feel a few sharp needle pricks that must come from some forgotten crumbles that are now stuck between his skin and the wood.
Closing the lid of his laptop, Sherlock allows his own fingers to continue from the point where John left off.
With a shiver, Sherlock realises that arousal is something that’s starting to become far more frequent and urgent than it has ever been during his adult life.
“I need your expertise to be able to determine whether the wound on his left leg was treated under less than ideal circumstances, implying that he might have been treated in a country with less developed health care or a military hospital,” Sherlock announces and looks as if he expects John to just grab his jacket and follow him out that very instant.
Instead of immediately settling himself atop of Sherlock once again, John looks at him from where he’s standing, lets his gaze wander over Sherlock’s body, not settling anywhere, but sweeping over it steadily.
“I’m well aware that your health currently prevents you from working on most of your usual little ‘problems’, but this current attempt at inventing a problem for yourself is quite a stretch even by your usual standards. You’re not playing safe, Sherlock. You’re not playing at all.”
“Political activism and religion. Demonstrations against segregation and the weapons industry, hiding refugees; that kind of radical. Certainly not something Mum and Dad would approve of, judging by the political groups they have liked on their Facebook.”
Given Sherlock's folded up position on the sofa and his general lack of movement, deducing the answer to that shouldn't be too difficult even for John, and so Sherlock waits for him to reach this conclusion on his own.
Sherlock puts away his laptop, leaning his chin in his hands, following John with his gaze as he speaks.
It's ludicrous, standing a few feet back from the window, watching John making his way towards the tube station on Baker Street, his steps hurried to make up for having left the flat later than usual.
John’s arm is flung across Sherlock’s hip, and they’re too warm for any more skin-to-skin contact than that, but John still wants to be close, he always does. The position means that Sherlock can’t see John’s scar, and he’s thankful for that, because as fascinating as it is, it’s also a visual reminder of how John’s life in the army was nothing but brutally real, nothing like Sherlock’s naive and sexualized fantasies about being sexually dominated, humiliated and used by the capt--
He doesn’t realise that he’s shouting until the words echo around the almost-empty room, and for a moment, everything is very quiet.
- has never stooped to sharing confidential information with his brother before, but then it really doesn’t matter anymore. Pride or integrity are luxuries not bestowed upon people lacking balanced neuroanatomy, not if they’re not clever enough to override and compensate for the imbalance. Still;
When it comes to Sherlock’s strategy to handle his own suicidality towards the end of this fic, I’ll just quote Bright Eyes once more (it’s my constant background noise for this story); “it’s not something I’d recommend, but it is one way to live”.
John had allowed been allowed to see that, but what had come from it had been the very definition of anticlimax. They haven’t spoken about it, there haven’t been any tells in the way they move when in close proximity of each other, and there hasn’t been a single hint about John wanting to do it again, despite clearly having enjoyed it far more than anything they’ve done previously. Instead of another rough shagging (with John calling him increasingly depraved things while letting his hand find Sherlock’s thro--
Eva and a few others laugh, and Selma, who's sitting to his right, raises her glass for a toast with him.
“That’ll be it,” he says in an uninterested but determined voice, holding up a hand to stop the protest that Lestrade is going to blurt out. “There’s been a poisoning that I need to take care of, if you don’t mind.”
The scenario she mentioned a few weeks earlier when we talked about this story has taken a slightly new form, but the idea remains the same.
And Sherlock doesn’t have condoms in his dressing table, but he does has the bullet that killed Jeff Hope, and he has 20 Oxazepam and he has other things; things he prefers to think of as
During his first - brief - admission, he’s in no state to participate in any kind of psychiatric evaluation. On his second admission Sherlock efficiently manages to circumvent any attempt at diagnosing his ‘underlying condition’ in order to address the issue of ‘possible self-medication’ by rattling off all the criteria he doesn’t meet for each and every diagnosis that he’s being evaluated for. He proceeds to refuse participation in any of the diagnostic interviews with reference to the significant variations in reliability that such assessments have shown in different studies. No further attempts at diagnostics are initiated.
John's hands are resting flat against his own thighs, and he can feel the texture of worn denim against his palms.
John says something, just a few words, but his voice is not deliberate the way Mycroft’s is, and Sherlock can’t make out more than a mumble. A mumble which holds both concern -
Several, he soon gathered. Starting with not being deterred by people’s warnings about Sherlock, nor accepting Mycroft’s offer about money that very first night.
A tell. They both have their ways of smoothing over the gravel their minds constantly encounter. Mycroft’s perfectionism was never really perfectionism, but compulsions sound a lot less pathological if you use words like ‘
With that, John takes a step closer towards Sherlock, who is forced to angle his head even further backwards in order to keep looking at John.
“I do not wish to cause you any further unnecessary uncomfort,” Sherlock manages to say, voice still steady.
“If we leave now I might be able to grab us two fags from Mum's coat,” Victor says, and so they leave Victor’s room and Sherlock thinks that the dark, narrow corridor in the little flat is getting smaller by the second. alls don't really move, but the impression makes Sherlock feel heavy again. The dusty school photos on the walls make the passage of time so clear, and the line of photos ends abruptly after one where Victor looks like he's ten years old. Four years ago. Like time had stopped and Victor never got older than that. Like it's a creature of his imagination that walks before Sherlock towards the hallway, still chuckling.
One of John's little attempts to keep Sherlock's boredom at bay. The catalyst for the turbulence that is currently almost deafening in its intensity and doubt.
It's just one word, but so far it’s promising. Sherlock’s voice comes out clearly and he's both clean and dressed.
“Tell me, brother mine, is this lack of self-preservation a result of concern over possible side-effects on the ability to engage in certain… relations?”
“Huh,” John says. “I recall you said something about how how psychiatry doesn’t deserve to be called ‘science’.”
Time-consuming and comprehensive, yes, but it hadn’t been even a five on Sherlock’s scale of case novelty. It was uninspired but still fairly hard to solve, and the frustration was clearly showing on his friend’s face when John followed Sherlock’s pacing steps out of NSY. The fitful motions of the man currently waving at a taxi in a less than cohesive manner was something John had come to attribute to disgraceful handling of violins and rather nasty remarks on whatever John did.
In a building a bit further down the street, his brother is working steadily to ensure that Sherlock’s odds of survival are kept as high as possible. At Baker Street, Mrs Hudson must still be confused over her tenant’s strange behaviour. Somewhere in London, Lestrade is trying to solve some mundane crime that Sherlock couldn’t be bothered with.
It feels like pressure, but it's not the usual pressure. It's more of a heaviness. Mycroft, all evidence to the contrary, is one of the few people who has never considered Sherlock to be antisocial. Part of Sherlock hates this fact, because it was born out of his brother having seen him in far too many situations where he was… less controlled. And yet--
Another kind of challenge, just begging Sherlock to take the bait so that John can finally explode, finally tell Sherlock just how wrong this all is.
“I am not in a mood,” Sherlock objects, standing on tiptoes to see if there’s any clean mug on the top shelf, or if they’re all in the sink, unwashed.
“Secondly. Do you mind pain? Given your… reaction to that woman, I would assume that's a ‘no’, but I'd like to hear you confirm it.”
John raises his eyebrows, and the shift in posture is almost undetectable, yet Sherlock can see the moment John is back; back in the space where they can play this game.
“At first I thought you weren't interested in anything sexual. But then it became clear, thanks to your friend the dominatrix, that you can be. And that's what I don't understand. Why you would deny yourself-- You've never been one to withhold from anything you find… stimulating.”
Being stretched hastily, the eagerness of someone being more than ready to get off. A mouth - not his own hand - on his cock, distracting him from the discomfort, but not fully. Words uttered in between swallowing him down. Filthy, hungry.
As Sherlock puts his phone away and proceeds to stare pointedly out of the cab window, John decides to do what Sherlock would do.
(Like Mycroft, they always said it was for the best, and that it was the only way they could help him, but what he got wasn’t help, it was pity and attempts to change him, to make him ‘pass as normal’, and Sherlock will never manage that - doesn’t
Sherlock is aware of what he is, but it doesn’t matter - shouldn’t matter - because Sherlock has never acted upon any of his potential desires, and so he shouldn’t have to answer for something that cannot even theoretically have any practical implications for another person.
“Damn, it’s freezing,” John mutters to no one in particular, breaking the silence before allowing it to settle once again.
. Sherlock had known, of course, it had been written in every sparse movement of the man who unwillingly had let himself be dragged down to the lab at Bart’s. That John himself had seen it for what it was was a surprise, though.
And Sherlock lets John’s hand guide him until he’s sitting against the tiled bathroom wall next to the toilet, to which he wants to stay in very close proximity. He holds the flannel to his forehead and tries to breathe in a steady pattern. It’s doesn’t quite work, but at least he’s not hyperventilating anymore. The tiles are cold, and ground him even through the fabric of his pyjamas.
Sherlock gets up, follows John into the kitchen, and watches him eyeing the contents of the shelves and the fridge, presumably looking for something - anything - he could stomach at this point.
“After you,” John offers casually, holding the door open for him, and Sherlock allows himself to remain where he is, allows one more moment of staring John down whilst John refuses to be the least bit fazed by the defiance of it.
- even though Sherlock hasn’t spoken to him in two days. Usually, by this point, John would be either ignoring him in return or appear to be irritated -
A brief respite, and then Sherlock's awareness is once again split up between several different thoughts and perceptions, deducing, analysing and planning. With a slight shiver, Sherlock feels the noise return, and he twists his head a bit just so he can feel the renewed flare of pain on his scalp as John’s grip on his hair hardens.
Sherlock merely nods, and if there are colors changing around them right now he doesn't notice - doesn't care - because they won't give him any answers anyway.
Unable to answer, Sherlock finds that his vision narrows into one single point on the wall a few feet away. The intricate floral pattern of Mrs. Hudson’s wallpaper blurs in the outlines and the black and the white are no longer contrasting; they’re blending into a hideous mess of grey with spots of white and black.
“Hm?” Sherlock offers, keeping his fingers moving, and his voice deliberately drowsy and absent-minded.
no) that counteracts what he’s held as truth for so long - and he ends up not acknowledging John at all.
Sherlock can sense his orgasm as it builds, and it feels just the same as it always does as it coils up inside of him, only this time, the body pressed against his own isn't imaginatory. This time, his orgasm hits him just as he feels an odd wet sensation spreading over his abdomen, and it isn't until he's finished - after frantically grinding up against John's now rather heavy body without any kind of rhythm - that he realises that John must have come too.
After taking off his jacket, John slumps down, takes a large draught from the glass and tries not to look too uncomfortable.
John waves to a member of the staff, ordering, before he returns resumes his coffee-drinking, leaving Sherlock to go through the laptop.
When he enters the flat early morning light is flooding in through the windows, and Sherlock finds himself drawing the curtains -
Beside him, John is a blend of clear, strong colours - from the danger and the triumphant routine of giving a statement and listening to Sherlock’s deductions as he revealed to Lestrade, bit by bit, the details of the case - and the pale colours of rejection and frustration that had faded before, but now slowly return as they find themselves alone again.
“You’re wrong.” Selma doesn't sound offended, but her voice is more hesitant than it usually is as she continues. “It’s twenty-seven.”
John's breath is much slower, much steadier, than his own, and the obvious difference in their respiratory rates feels exposing, at least in the relative silence of their flat. There's nothing to distract him from the sound of his own heaving breath, and John's hand is still in his hair, effectively keeping Sherlock from turning to face him.
His scalp stings as his head is slowly pulled back by the hand that’s suddenly not carding - but pulling - his hair. The hand is not loosening its grip even as Sherlock’s head follows it, and the movement makes the back of the wooden desk chair press against his spine in a way that is almost painful.
Sherlock hands John the half-empty glass of water that he’d left by the sofa before settling down next to him by the fire. John nods his thanks.
The frequency with which John licks his lips during the cooking of their lunch is increased after that -
Just as Sherlock is realising just what he’s doing, his eyes slide up to John’s face, and his hand stops moving as he sees the way John instantly tries to make his face neutral, like he didn’t just witness Sherlock trying to erase the traces of their physical contact.
“Alright. I can see how you would totally try going off them from one day to another, then, any and all medical advice aside. Not that you need to be any fucking faster, but why do I even try arguing with that? So. You have had OCD since you were eleven years old?”
The difference between the estimated and the actual time is so unaccountable that a retrial is called for.
I chose to label this as 'Asperger's Syndrome / Autism spectrum disorder criteria part II' even though the previous chapter on the diagnosis only included Asperger's syndrome, since Asperger's syndrome is now merged into the larger diagnosis of Autism spectrum disorder in DSM-V, and that is where I've taken the criteria for this chapter from.
(The sensation of one invasion makes him imagine other physical invasions, and the mere thought of it causes his body prepare to participate in…
and that finally, he had all the attainable information. Hopefully it will be enough data to narrow down the potential suspects and single out those responsible for not only Sophia’s but almost a dozen other seemingly voluntary disappearances.
Some days, he manages not react to the thoughts and images that occasionally flood his mind with all the things he does not want to see. Today is not one of those days.
They're slowing down, he notices. He attempts to push further into the kiss, but John's hands in his hair and on his chest control the pace, and Sherlock is willing to follow in this, because Sherlock respects experience; he respects it, and wants to gain it.
John doesn't really look at him, and keeps pacing beside him as he holds the glasses within Sherlock’s reach. Sherlock returns the favour of not talking by accepting the glasses without a word or any attempt to meet John's eyes. Careful not to let skin touch skin -
“It is,” John repeats, and then he moves his hips pointedly, questioningly, still staring into Sherlock’s eyes, “and I’m not leaving.”
"A case. I need a case. Did they end up solving that case Lestrade was so desperate for us to take? Never mind, it's probably boring anyway."
The problem is that with John it might actually be worth it. Sherlock has no scale to measure the worth of what John is against what it costs, because he’s only ever measured the cost of such things, never the possible gain. This, in turn, creates yet another unanswered question, making the whole thing even more agonising.
(‘So loyal so fast, your little… friend,’ Mycroft had said with his mock-innocent face and a nauseating smile after the first few weeks of their cohabitation.)
There's the sound of something being put on the table, and Sherlock doesn't have to turn around to know what it is.
... but it doesn't. It doesn't quite follow pattern. Because the panic declines all by itself, without him leaving the flat, turning to chemical aids or having a panic attack. It doesn't turn destructive, and it's something he finds himself surprised by, in light of previous similar situations.
From now on, John will simply have to lock the bathroom door regardless of what he’s doing in there, because fuck it; regardless of what people might imply, they are not some kind of married couple that’s been together for twenty years.
Visiting crime scenes, solving riddles, catching murderers and finding patterns in the battlefield that is his London, Sherlock is, for the first time in his life, not too bothered by his own mind.
In the end, there are more than five trips to the same disgusting lavatory, the tapping, mumbling, touching and counting slowly giving way to pinching, hitting and pulling. The knowledge that things have not been this bad for at least fifteen years - the cocaine withdrawal notwithstanding - does nothing to ease the pressure and the hate he feels for everything - the toddler, the creaky doors of the train compartment,
Selma radiates impatient excitement at the thought, and John finds himself smiling, because he’s noticed how Selma’s eyes follow his every move, asking him questions about how he decides on which brand of suture to use and how tight the stitches should be to leave the least scarring. She’s never told him about wanting to learn how to do it herself before, but then Selma mostly wants to learn everything, so it comes as no surprise.
This is even more unsettling. It's one of those phrases that Sherlock has absolutely no idea what to make of, nevertheless how he's meant to reply to it.
(Sherlock hated the implications of that tone, and after that particular session and the tumult he’d caused at the ward afterwards, she never used that persona again.)
It’s the first thing she’s said to him since she greeted him and asked him to take a seat in her office.
The slump in his shoulders and the way he pokes at his phone instead of preening and explaining his deductions right now tells John all he needs to know about Sherlock's state of mind.
Summoning John to share the information gained, Sherlock feels almost like himself for the first time in two weeks.
John only raises his eyebrows, seemingly deciding that he'll leave that line of questioning for another time, and not allow himself to get side-tracked.
“You have to look more deeply into what happened just before the break in the pattern appeared, John. Patterns like these are seldom broken. There’s always a trigger. If you find that trigger, you will learn a lot about the true nature of a person. Or, in this case, the most likely cause for Sophia’s disappearance.”
John moves swiftly, getting inside the room while he motions for Sherlock to shift towards the window, and it takes Sherlock a second before he realises that John means he should get it open, to see if they can escape and--
As Sherlock approaches the brick building containing the university chemistry labs, he slips out a stealthily-cut copy of his tutor’s key and heads for his favourite lab.
“It’s just… you can’t keep looking at someone like that or invading someone’s space like that if you’re not interested, alright? It’s-- confusing. That’s all. I realise that you might not be aware, but-- actually, never mind. It’s not really your problem.”
(Telling John about this would likely lead to John expecting him to correctly interpret what he's picking up, and that would be unfortunate, because while observing is one thing, understanding is another entirely. And so he ignores his own observations, in this one case.)
(Even with a tolerance like his, the amount of benzodiazepines he's ingested since he woke up is making him feel a bit unsteady.)
It’s not the grey skies - no, this is almost sunlight and it cuts right into his retinas, making it impossible to keep his eyes open. Blinking heavily, Sherlock forces himself to squint in order to make his way towards the edge of the pavement, waving for a cab while John follows just a few steps behind.
Brainwork and danger are, not surprisingly, decidedly better when it comes to managing certain symptoms of his deficiencies than the Oxazepam ever was.
With John’s finger still on his jaw and John’s tongue now inside his mouth, Sherlock finds that he’s not in a position to object. There’s too much of that going on inside his head anyway, and John tastes like bergamot and sleep and iron, making deep maroon and tangerine blend with the amber.
(Sherlock does not particularly enjoy the notion of having ‘issues’, but sitting with a psychiatry textbook resting against his knees, wearing the clothes he put on three days ago and trying to figure out what’s wrong with him as an attempt to decide if it’s worth continuing, he concludes that he’s in no position to be too be particular about linguistics.)
John’s voice is a whisper over Sherlock’s skin, and as the meaning of John’s words register in his mind, Sherlock frowns.
John pockets his phone as Sherlock gets to his feet and heads towards the gate, feeling the slight numbness from the Alprazolam as he makes his way through the crowds.
. No; not only that. There’s decisiveness in his look too. And something that reminds Sherlock of how John looks when Sherlock requests his medical opinion on a crime scene after having ignored him since they arrived.
Love might, after all, not be so much a defect, but more of a natural variation in the frail balance of different neurotransmitters. Perhaps even a variation that could be considered to have certain merits.
Sherlock shuts up. His heart is now uncomfortably loud and it takes all his effort just to control his breathing, not to let on just how responsive his autonomous nervous system is -
They’re in a small room in the back of a church hall that has seen better days. On the floor, a bright blue rug is constantly catching his eye. Sophia sits opposite him on one of the overstuffed chairs that surround the scratched table. At her left, a box of crayons has been placed at a decidedly Not Right angle and threatens to fall off the table.
(John is a distraction, but his absence is an even greater distraction, and Sherlock might loathe it, but it doesn’t change the fact that--)
“Oh, I don’t know, perhaps it’s you that ought to be the judge of that?” he says with a smile, taking one more drink of his beer.
As for consent, which several readers - for good reasons - have found to be problematic in this verse, I think we're moving towards a slightly more expressed consent, although we're far from all the way there. Per usual, the sex in this chapter is perhaps somewhat... 'uncomfortable', but then none of the sex written in this verse were written with the intent of being 'hot' (what does that even mean?), but rather to move the story forward, as sex is in fact a centeral theme in this story, albeit not in the usual sense. It's more about illustrating the progress and setbacks of... whatever this is to them.
(It’ll be like the first time they did anything like this - in the kitchen, pressed against the counters, only now John doesn’t have to stuff his hand into Sherlock’s pants and jerk him off, and now he can have Sherlock’s mouth for as long as he bloody well wants to. Now he knows what this is to them, and perhaps--)
In the time it takes for Lestrade to get the requested information, Sherlock has managed to get into a verbal fight with one of the sergeants, identify the victim (the flat owner’s landlord) and deduce that the thieves were looking for something either water stamped or written in some kind of invisible ink on the thirteenth page of a book. When Lestrade confirms that there most likely had been knives missing from both previous crime scene (one of the victims wasn't certain in regards to the number of knives he had to begin with), Sherlock is already out the hall, arguing loudly with the crime scene tech again.
Selma’s voice broke the chain of thoughts that had effectively tuned out her words until now. John looked at the now empty glass he was playing absently with and nodded.
(Or is he also just seeing a reflection, watching the people inside the cab rather than those outside of it?)
He shuts his eyes again, his thrusts becoming more shallow and frantic as he feels the first signs of his orgasm approaching, the tension almost painful before he tips over the edge, shouting, pushing Sherlock’s head to his groin and fucking his throat until oversensitivity sets in. Slowly, he lets go of Sherlock’s head, slipping out of his mouth and feeling the cooler air of the room against his wet cock, shivering.
Leaving his half-empty mug on the table, Sherlock heads towards his bedroom, where he keeps his box of various clamps.
“We’ll go somewhere more private. We can talk there,” she says, and she's a shadow of the old, constantly smiling Sophia in the pictures. Sherlock follows her through the almost empty streets of windswept Edinburgh, squinting to keep the drops of water from his eyes.
He has to keep himself from twirling around on the spot - a compulsion that's best kept inside the walls of his own flat.
Sherlock doesn't expect the transition to be in any way pleasant, but he doesn't expect to find that he missed more than one variable in his calculation of the possible outcomes. As it turns out, he missed more than a few variables. As a consequence, the result is nowhere near the estimatation.
They are close enough to the village to call for a cab now. Picking up passengers from outside a rehab clinic in the middle of the night is something that the cabby is sure to remember, and therefore an unnecessary risk.
John’s face is difficult to read at first, but then his features shifts, and he grins, a slightly crooked smile, raising his eyebrows and giving Sherlock that face; the teasing, intrigued expression that seems to communicate the question
When he comes, it’s with John’s fingers still inside his mouth and John’s other hand rubbing his nipple roughly, and the sounds he’s making-- John will hear, will be coherent to hear them without the haze of his own orgasm surrounding him, but the sounds slip out anyway and Sherlock’s hand eventually still, smeared with come and shaking ever so slightly.
John’s bad leg is trembling a bit too. Sherlock’s left hand and John’s right leg. Trembling almost in tandem. The notion eases some of the pressure behind Sherlock’s sternum, a pressure he hadn’t even noticed until that moment. John is talking again and Sherlock struggles to pay attention to the words instead of estimating if their tremors are in tandem or in sync. John doesn’t seem to notice that for a few seconds Sherlock is only hearing syllables and pauses instead of coherent words.
Once the tube in his throat is removed the panic decreases slightly, but breathing is still so painful that each breath makes him wish that it could be his last. He tries to rid himself of the oxygen mask that forces air into his airways, but the oxygen level outside the mask isn't enough to keep his saturation up, and the feeling of not getting enough air is more excruciating than the pain, and so he doesn't fight as the mask is replaced.
It’s taken her long enough to answer. Five hours, thirty-two minutes. She’s getting slow. Or perhaps it’s just one of her ‘Eccentric Researcher Who Couldn’t Care Less’ days. He learned that from her. Learned that you can cover up certain weaknesses by playing up your eccentricity. Though it took him far too long to catch up on that, on part of the reason for her uneven behavior.
And it's a fair question, and at the same time it isn't, because you don't have to have practical experience with something to know if it scares you or not.
“What’s next, then?” John says as they climb into the back of the cab after having dropped off the laptop at Beta’s small student flat on the other side of London.
Sherlock loses all focus on where his head is now resting, the rapid and unpredictable alternations between pain and relief making metacognition and even simple observations register as fleeting and peripheral.
Without warning, John forcefully jerks his hand down without letting go of Sherlock’s hair. The sound Sherlock lets out as he’s janked down to his knees is the single most satisfying sound John has heard from him in days. Instinctive, unschooled, raw; pain transcribed by vocal cords.
He hesitates, his brain overwhelmed by all the different possibilities and lacking the data to distinguish which way is the most efficient.
Using those words himself made them no less hateful. It did, however, spare him from the pity of someone else thinking them but stopping themselves from saying them out loud.
Sherlock can’t help staring at John, because of all things he might have expected to come out of this conversation - an outlet for John’s anger after having felt left out yesterday, more poking at Sherlock’s sexuality and perhaps even a scolding for getting drugged (even though that was hardly Sherlock’s fault) - this is not it at all.
-, and it's making all this even less tolerable. If John could just stop bleeding his colors all over the place Sherlock might be able to focus on the silver birds which he -
. He ought to experience the weight of what John now knows and might interpret about his mental abilities like ‘dread’, like the threat of Silver Birds and pale horses. Instead he feels something he can’t (
The sound of John’s fork against the ceramic of the plate makes Sherlock cringe, and Sherlock gets up from the sofa, using the movement to conceal his expression and the tapping of his hand against his leg.
Vibration outside of himself is better than vibration inside his skin, but it's still intrusive and it still forces him to break his train of thought. It’s not really a train, though, it’s more like the paths in the village north of Dhaka where Sherlock once trailed down a drug lord. The heat in addition to the smells and the cacophony of sound and movement provided so many stimuli that he - who can see the road map of London as a mental blueprint when he closes his eyes - got lost.
Denim against bare skin and tongue muscle against tongue muscle. The dual sensation of being both relaxed from the pressure of someone else’s body on yours and at the same time being tense from the arousal it causes. It’s opposites and contradictions, just like everything about the two of them seems to be.
And anyway, what does sexual orientation even mean when you're unlikely to ever find yourself in a situation where it actually matters what you are or aren't attracted to?
It’s said with an impudent tone, but as he’s speaking, Sherlock’s lowering his head slightly, allowing him to continue to look at John just as airily as before, but now doing so through his lashes.
Picking up the cube, Sherlock wonders if this is what people with lesser minds might describe as a ‘sign’.
he is when it comes to you. Still, I wonder, brother… There are certain social expectations, certain interpersonal skills that are usually required in these circumstances.  Are you certain you are qualified?”
Sherlock will not ask her his actual question. It’s something he’ll need to figure out for himself, he realises when he can’t even make himself write the words.
And when fingers leave his hair, gently trailing from the base of his skull, along his spine and down to the collar of his shirt, it takes a few seconds to realise that that’s something new.
Breathing. More heavily now. John can feel each exhale in the air between them. He can see Sherlock's hands pause again, then, taking in the silence, they start pulling trousers and pants down.
It’s a whole other matter to let John see just how it hurts, or allowing himself to give up even a bit of his self-control.
“Synesthesia. A ‘cross-wiring between different sensory or cognitive pathways’ - a neuroanatomical anomaly.”
Shame is still burning in his face when he reaches the bar and asks for the name he’s been given by his contact.
John clears his throat silently, not letting go of Sherlock’s hair or neck. When he speaks again, his voice is clearly aiming for a ‘by-the-way’ sort of tone, but missing the target.
Talking to someone requires the ability to  make out their words over the constant noise in your own head. Sherlock cannot meet this requirement at present.
“Sherlock,” John’s uninvited company says shaking Matthew’s hand. John briefly considers offering to buy Sherlock a drink just to get himself away for a moment. When Sherlock is uncomfortable, distressing things tended to happen. “I’m a consulting detective, and I’m here to take John to the morgue to look at a body. John, could you finish that drink any time today?”
“Oh, that's far less complicated than in your case," Sherlock says, suddenly feeling compelled towards a cheerful honesty.
He had heard those kind of comments before, but usually not so blunt and in front of Selma herself. And yes; Selma was out of the ‘normal’ bounds at times, especially when she was tired or things were slow at the A&E. It was often at those times she blurted out something too personal, too blunt or simply inappropriate or thoughtless. John found that he didn’t mind, she seldom did it when she was engaged in her work, and John’s frame of ‘appropriate behaviour’ was probably adjusted to Sherlock standards which had left him rather insensitive to others lack of impulse control. John looked around the table with a quick glance and could estimate that at least five or six people had heard Jeanette’s remark.
He’s grown used to his obsessions being merely background noise - something he can drown out when he really needs to - but now they’re no longer in the background; they’re  in the forefront of his mind and he can’t seem to ever really drown them out.
And John looks pleased, they way he does when Sherlock’s mind is five steps ahead, but John is still contributing, still making a difference, even if he has no idea how.
John’s voice is restrained anger and remorse in a mix that shouldn’t be possible, but as always, John defies all the patterns of logic that Sherlock knows.
The reaction is yet another proof that John Watson knows at least some things about observations and tells.
After almost twenty seconds, Sherlock hesitantly gets up, steps away from the table and stands on the gritty carpet a few feet away from John, his shirt half-open under his suit jacket and his face blank.
“Essentially,” Sherlock says, his focus directed at puzzling all the pieces of information together in his mind.
John is just about to head into the next room, where the dancefloor is, when he spots someone sitting in the narrow corridor leading to the staff area by the door.
And then it’s no longer the light that makes his eyes sting, because there’s a burning sensation on his scalp, and one sharp inhale soon turns into a rapidly increasing breathing rate as John alternates between easing the pressure and pulling hard on the strands of hair.
As he attempts to mimic John’s movements from just a minute ago, their tongues collide and heads are bent the wrong way, but then they manage it, and it’s Sherlock’s turn to taste and probe, and it’s curious, the sensation of entering someone else. It’s less overwhelming than the other way around, but not by much.
“We’re colleagues,” Sherlock repeats, and John frowns. Why did Sherlock…? It's almost a mirror opposite of what had been said at Sebastian Wilkes’ office during one of their first cases. John attempts to establish what this could mean, but something about his friend’s face makes his thoughts halt.
Apparently, the lethargy-inducing effects of prolactin and the almost meditative sensations brought on by John’s fingers have efficiently short-circuited his mind; and at some point Sherlock must have stopped paying attention to what was coming out of his own mouth.
The problem being that he needs to devise a plan for how to reach his stated goal, but finds himself lacking several variables needed in order to form a theory on the best way to reach the desired result.
“It matters what you want, even if you don’t want to want it. It’s still… part of what you– of who you are.”
The background music is unmistakable hotel lounge music, and she is at one of the window tables, alone, occasionally tapping away at her phone and John is exhausted but too worked up to go up to the hotel room just yet. Instead, he's nursing a beer whilst sorting through the events of today, thinking about the woman by the window. It'd be interesting, he thinks, to know what she'd look like with her hair let down, falling all over the pristine blue duvet of the hotel bed. He thinks it might be a compelling image. Very much so.
- to a rather exquisite blend of forest green and royal blue fading into each other. Somehow that makes the pressure worse.
Disconnecting the call after a short goodbye, Sherlock stares out of the window for a brief moment, fighting the faint nausea that’s begun to set in his stomach.
John makes a sound that’s halfway between agreement and exasperation. Sherlock’s not sure whether it’s the situation or him that’s got John worked up this time, but it doesn’t matter, because John’s feelings are of no importance in this situation, and yet--
The truth comes easily when the alternative explanation is more humiliating to his own ability to think critically.
“And that’s why you do it, isn’t it? Because in some ways, you get bored by winning too often. You keep looking for opponents that will give you what you need. You weren’t even angry that Irene got away. You enjoyed it. I think that when it comes to how the game affects the two of us, Sherlock, I’m not the only one with issues.”
He manages to keep from pounding his head against the wall, as the obsessions and doubts finally tip over as his nervous system gets stuck in a loop in which each physical manifestation of sympathetic response only serves to trigger a bigger response, until there’s too much oxygen in his blood even as it feels like there’s not enough air.
Not beta read, and no matter how many times I read it, I find new errors. The English Language and I are currently having a domestic.
“It was on the way,” Sherlock says nonchalantly, as if stopping by pubs to collect his flatmate is something he does on a somewhat regular basis.
The way John says it - like he’s performing the final test of a hypothesis that he’s almost certain will prove  accurate - makes the skin on Sherlock’s neck prickle, and it’s a struggle to remember to breathe, to remain eye contact and to--
Sherlock learned to read people like others read timetables; it didn’t come naturally, but once the practice was cultivated he soon became highly efficient at it. Sherlock is not one to do things in moderation, so when he decided that he needed to find a structure and a system for understanding others he didn't settle for being moderately good -
John tries to shake his head clear of that trail of thought. The movement earns him a sideways glance from Sherlock, who then promptly returns his full attention to his phone.
Thrusting hard and pulling almost the whole way out before pushing in again, John feels his orgasm building without warning. He presses himself flush against Sherlock and jerks his hips again and again as he comes, filling Sherlock up even more.
“I can’t fucking believe that I need to be at the clinic in two and a half hours,” John says and drags a hand over his face as they reach the landing, and Sherlock fumbles with the keys, hands still a bit stiff from the cold. John mumbles something about warming up in the shower and Sherlock swallows.
Sherlock almost startles, hastily raising his eyes from the laptop, then allowing them to drift back to the screen again.
Gradually, Sherlock’s body relaxes into the sensation. It’s no longer light enough to put him on edge the way light touches have an tendency to do, but firmer and more palpable. The more he thinks about it, the more intrigued he is by the fact that this is what John chose.
. Sherlock has been unaware - except on a few rare occasions - of doing so. Mainly because he’s been likewise unaware of having
As they enter Deptford Green School, Sherlock is aware that it’s only a matter of minutes until the chaos in front of him will be dissolved. Four minutes, then the bell will ring and make it all go away -
“You thought that giving me a toy would keep me busy for at least a few minutes, when in fact, solving it took fifty-seven seconds.”
John doesn’t move any closer, still it feels like his presence becomes more and more tangible in the air that's surrounding Sherlock.
There are behaviours that serve no evolutionary purpose, and yet, there are neuronal pathways that serve to facilitate kissing, and that’s illogical and wasteful and perhaps it’s just a symptom of an underlying chemical defect, one that makes people crave the relief that comes from rituals older than language.
Penny calls insists on calling Helena "the guru of psychiatrically-endorsed nihilism". I insist on finding this rather complimentary.
“But since my mediocre intelligence wouldn’t allow me to find anything that’d make you truly uncomfortable, I guess it’s safe for me to continue this game without risking to make you uncomfortable.”
“Oh, right,” John says, but doesn't move, just clears his throat, his hand falling from Sherlock's nape to rest on his shoulder for a few seconds.
The hair there is coarse and a bit unevenly distributed, becoming rather sparse where it spreads out towards his stomach and thighs.
“I’m saying that you should stay out of this,” Sherlock spits, his hands visibly shaking as he rises from his chair and walks over to John by the counter, towering over him with a confidence he’s very much not feeling. He manages to get the next sentence out with intonation on every single word. “Once again you’ve managed to stick your nose into something that has nothing whatsoever to do with you.”
The thing to remember is this; while this kind of compensation is extremely useful and can allow many people to achieve their goals and do things they otherwise wouldn’t have been able to do due to their illness/diagnosis, it costs, and the price never goes down. You often pay the same price for an action every time you do it, no matter how often you do it. It can become automatic to a certain degree, but it will always cost you energy.
A few breaths go by before John tugs at Sherlock’s hair, causing him to shut his eyes again, interrupting his attempts to get his breathing back under control.
“I don’t always put up with it. But when I do, I guess it’s because he’s usually not that brutal about it, usually he just slips because he’s too absorbed with solving mysteries or doing something else ‘not boring’ in that great brain of his to even notice that people might not like the truth too much.”
A glance in the mirror indicates that there’s still a faint glow to Sherlock’s skin, but it could just as easily be from the shower as from the orgasm, he concludes, adjusting his curls. The product he uses has made a few of them a bit stiff, but he needs to wait until his hair is completely dried before brushing it. It’ll have to do.
Somewhere in his mind - the mind Sherlock’s rapidly losing more and more control of - he registers the pressure against his legs as John moves in closer in response to Sherlock’s instinctive attempts to fend himself against the pain. Looming over him and immobilising Sherlock further, John continues to rub his knuckles against his breastbone.
“I was thirteen. I was on my way home from practise a bit later than usual, with my mate Nate. A couple of older kids approached us, and I think we knew that it wasn’t going to end well. I escaped as they surrounded us, Nate didn’t. I watched from behind a corner as they beat him. Badly.”
“So you still decline treatment?” Mycroft says. “Tell me, what price do you think you will pay for that little rebellion? There was a reason you were put on that medication, and until recently you accepted that reason. You were… very undermined by your own neurochemistry for several years. It was only thanks to Clomipramine that things improved.”
Sherlock's been talking. He's been talking to the skull, or just out into the empty sitting room, his voice tense and frustrated as he examined his own motivations for agreeing to… well; he's not even sure what it is he's agreed to.
Sherlock's not sure what exactly he’s avoiding. It’s a nebulous, ghost-like presence, seeping under doors and through--
Sherlock nods, and prepares himself to leave, having gotten his message through without any hesitance or emotion in his voice.
“Not my possible bulimia,” Selma says, actually managing to shut Sherlock up before he's finished, which makes her grow in John’s eyes in a rather disturbing way. “Just wanted to say, in the spirit of ‘effectiveness’, that I think that the two of you should talk about the fact that you said what you said to Eva only because you want John in the very romantical meaning of the word ‘want’. Cute, but pining doesn’t suit you, just as you say that ‘deduction’ doesn’t suit me. Now, where were we? Oh, yes. The ‘shut up’ part, lovely. Yes; now I will shut up, as requested.”
And now, he’s thirty-two years old, the world hasn’t ended yet and there is no logical reason to assume that the airliner in front of him is a sign of anything other than the development of modern engineering. He’s more grounded - both in reality and in himself - than he’s ever been, despite just being about to take off for a nine-hour journey over the Atlantic with his …
Now; Self-medication, part I. Trigger warnings for substance abuse (past time) and possibly (depends on how you read it) uncomfortable sexual content.
- strides, Sherlock comes to stand before John, holding out his hand, which is still gripping the plastic cube; waving it in front of him.
“That there's nothing more we can do until school starts tomorrow,” Sherlock says, adjusting a few knives that had been left on the counter by the sink.
“You used to… do that,” John begins, nodding his head, most likely trying to indicate Sherlock's scar-covered thighs where they are currently pressed against John's own. “I won't have any part in it.”
). It’s dizzying, and while refusing to let Sherlock get what he wants instantly, John is soon pushing himself into that mouth with more force than he’s ever done with anyone before.
- with its cage of metal and glass, but it offers no protection against the implications of a silver bird. Nothing ever has and nothing ever will. Except for the simple knowledge that they aren’t silver birds, they are aeroplanes, and they are not a sign of forthcoming doomsday, they are man-made machines used to transport people in absurd patterns -
If one has to die, one should at least avoid doing so like a finch crashing into a window, unable to see what is right in front of it, before falling to the pavement on a dull side-street. There are better ways, and better reasons, and Sherlock refuses to see this notion as sentimental, because a person is, after all, a sum of actions and their consequences.
It’s a break in, which would normally not be interesting enough for Sherlock to even consider answering Lestrade’s text, but this one had proved to be something special; it's the third in a row of break ins where nothing has been disturbed except for the bookshelves. All the books have been thrown out, some appear to be missing and page thirteen is missing in almost all of the fictional works while the non-fiction seems to just have been shoved down onto the floor. The thing that is different about this break in is the fact that there’s a man lying dead on the balcony of the flat, a man that most certainly isn't the resident of the flat; a Miss Sheila Rogers.
His skin is still sore in multiple locations after his… session, and while Sherlock had purposely avoided all kinds of direct sexual stimulation of his own body and had refrained from masturbation, he can still feel a low, simmering arousal every time he moves in a way that causes the ache to intensify.
Sherlock does, because when John uses that kind of voice, that’s what people do. They obey. John is looking at him with a frown, trying to read him.
totally undermining and deflating John just as John’s ventured so far out of his usual comfort zone as to do something like
Beneath him, Sherlock lets his head fall back fully onto the floor, looking up at John as his fingers move deliberately over John’s shoulder, probably feeling the scar tissue through the fabric of John’s shirt. Even though he tries very hard not to, John finds himself answering the hesitant half-smile on Sherlock’s face as fingers keep trailing curiously over damaged skin, having been granted permission without the question being voiced.
A hair style can be suddenly and loudly be declared  to be ‘gay’ and a certain kind of gesture will make you ‘look like a faggot’ in the eyes of a group of teenagers, and even if Sherlock himself was never part of any group or circle of friends, the slurs and implications were impossible even for anyone, even an outsider like himself, to miss. To him, these categorisations had seemed entirely random, but he had nonetheless picked up on them, carefully avoiding to accidentally do anything that might give him away.
As his mind comes back online, he opens his eyes to see that Sherlock’s already zipped himself up and is now picking up two empty, unwashed mugs, heading towards the sink without a single glance in John’s direction.
It takes Sherlock a moment to catch his breath. Inhaling shakily, Sherlock blinks until his eyes regain focus, and his gaze lands on John’s face, their eyes locking.
It took... a while. Two years, to be precise. But the last chapter has, finally arrived, and I have also found my way back to writing. Most likely, more words will come, albeit not for this work, as it is now complete. For this, I thank pennypaperbrain, who has literally sat down with me and made me start working on this after I said I had thoughts on doing so. Penny is, clearly, a genius (and genius has a very thankful audience in me).
Sherlock’s in the bathroom for the third time that day, leaning on the toilet seat while his body attempts to spill out the contents of his already empty stomach. The tremors in his arms makes it difficult to steady himself, but John’s right behind him and Sherlock doesn’t want John to see the state he’s in. He leans even further over the toilet in an attempt to hide at least some of the shivers but it doesn’t help and the tremor is still very prominent.
He will have to begin by making sure not to just lock the two of them in the morgue and simply let them continue their mutual disarming of each other. It's tempting, though, and John figures that he too should be allowed to act on his impulses every now and then.
“So. Should I head out of the flat before you tear it to pieces because you can't stand the waiting?”
“Of course I'm right,” Sherlock says, and for the first time in months he actually believes it. “Cross-check the inventory with his schedule. If your employee was working in connection to the all the occasions when narcotics were unaccounted for, you ought to be able to draw a simple conclusion.”
In the space and silence between the two of them, John's hand slowly starts shift, settling on the cheap, fake leather of the seat.
“I'll keep that in mind,” Sherlock settles for answering, swallowing back something far more biting, the proximity and the almost-sensation of John's breath against his hair stealing away his determination and his edge.
"Oh, Greg. Thank you for coming on such short notice. As you can see, the evening edition has caused a bit of a problem." I glance over at John, who is rolling his eyes.
I jump out of the bed fully prepared to defend us from an intruder. All I see at first is a tall man with a weapon. After launching myself on top of the threat I disarm him and pin him to the ground with a knee to his kidney and arm twisted behind his back.
"I'm sure John has told you, he's not very good at relaxing, in any form." I smile at the young man. "Now if you two will excuse me, Lord Thomson has requested an audience with me..." I nod to the two of them and swept elegantly across the room.
I take a tentative bite of the proffered food. It's dry and thoroughly unpalatable, but I suppose it's better than starving.
I turn my head and suck his fingertip into my mouth. His eyes go wide and his breath catches. When I stop his mouth falls open a bit and he blinks a few times. "You are adorable." I retake his hand and kiss the knuckles. "What did she say? Share with me."
"I don't. Relax that is. Or I try not to. I help with the orchard, take care of the horses when needed, just try to keep busy." Mum waves me over so I guide William her direction.
"You didn't. You didn't see. Didn't see?!?! What the hell am I paying you for if you don't see?? I don't pay you to think! Get. Out. NOW! Both of you report to Seb. NOW!" I squint at the old woman still calmly holding her tea. Who does she think she is! "You. You. You've ruined them. They're useless now. Only I'm allowed to manipulate the help."
"Let me take a look at it, dear," I kneel in front of him and slide his boot off. His ankle is definitely swollen, and getting a bit of color. "I can make you a poultice for this... help bring the swelling down a bit, which should get you back on your feet quicker, if you'd like." I look up at him. His crisp blue eyes are gorgeous.
Having four men and only one horse makes for a long walk home. When they arrived, Mycroft followed through on his vow and all Holmes properly and wealth was officially given to Sherlock despite his fight against is. John and Sherlock lived a long and love filled life together. Mycroft moved into Greg's rooms at the Castle but spent every day at the Holmes Estate teaching various subjects to the children Sherlock saved after they lost their parents. Greg soon became the personal guard to the new Kings consort and spent his nights laughing, arguing, and loving his life partner.
"Why do you want to call me---" I fear I may be asking too much of him. "Why do you think I'm important?"
I head back out front, hailing a cab and having him take me to the address Mycroft gave me, where I see John just as he is leaving the building. "Well?" I ask excitedly as I jump out of the cab. This time, I remember to toss a few bills at the cabbie before I leave his care.
The building seems abandoned, but they move around quietly, checking for signs of life. Once the location is secure they start to search the few drawers and desks scattered around almost randomly in the otherwise empty rooms.
It hadn't been one of those cases that ended with a narrow escape from death. No, it had ended with a few insults from the arrested accountant followed by an hour of paperwork, so John finds that he can't blame any residual adrenaline for the action he’s currently considering.
“Nah, don’t think so, that would look totally different. Why do you think I didn’t make a big deal out of what he said about me? And why do you think he said it? And why did he say those things to Eva?”
It doesn’t feel like a blow to his stomach. Oddly enough, he can’t feel anything at all. His body is suddenly drained of every emotion, every expression, leaving him just as blank as he wishes that he always was. It is nothingness.
It’s a struggle, right there and then, not to curl in on himself, but Sherlock manages, because that’s what this is about.
I like to think of this chapter as having the subtitle “somewhat dysfunctional variations of 'foreplay’ - kink negotiations without the negotiations”.
It doesn’t make sense, this feeling of suddenly having lost depth perception. But the distance between him and the other people is impossible to predict, and taking a step forward feels like stepping into the line of fire - exposing himself for cyclists, skaters, runners and everyone that is suddenly moving outside the any visual timeline.
Sherlock reacts instantly to the shift in John's voice - from teasing to downright… suggestive. There's a flutter in Sherlock's eyelids, and John can almost see how surprise gives way to anticipation.
As John leaves, Sherlock is already deeply focused on the new lead that he’s following, and being able to focus once again, to be absorbed into the data and the puzzle the way he’d taken for granted up until a few weeks ago is such a relief that Sherlock doesn’t mind the sound of the door closing behind John, or the sound of his steps as he descends down the stairs.
After all, fields which Sherlock considers as ‘scientific’ are those that have from time to time been able to provide him with some at least moderately useful answers of a fairly definitive and consistent nature.
Back at the flat, John startles slightly as Sherlock drops a fork while setting the table, and Sherlock pretends not to notice, which is inane, because John knows that Sherlock notices everything - that’s what he does, what John finds him ‘brilliant’ for doing.
With John, what he wanted John to do-- it’s the opposite of that. It’s about giving up control. It’s about experiencing every sensation, his senses heightened and his mind present. It’s about pleasure, because in this context, pain is somehow very close to pleasure.
Outside, the usual sounds of London traffic are drowned out by sirens. Inside, John is pressing his thumb between Sherlock’s lips, pushing his way in until it’s surrounded by wetness and warmth.
He shrugs, as blasé as he can manage when held by the nape and hair by a short flatmate whilst his cock is half-erect.
There are things you can learn; things like chemistry, acting like you're someone else, fencing and Latin verbs, but there're also the things you can't learn. Things like sustaining any habits that aren't destructive, understanding the meaning behind the words others say, knowing that the greyness will not last, and how to be be… good.
Two teenage girls are skipping on the pavement, almost bumping into him, laughing out their excuses as they almost crash into a woman on their other side.
(So it had been this John had hinted at earlier, before Sherlock interrupted his self-conscious inquiry. If he was too-- and he
It’s a struggle against the instinct to avoid chaos and the will to follow the new patterns he’s set out, the patterns that will allow -
“-and since you’re surprisingly selective when it comes to how you apply your skills in chemistry I don’t doubt that you failed to take that into account. What I’m saying is-”
Cocaine, Sherlock thinks as he returns to the kitchen with the pills, would do wonders for his serotonin levels.
They can't discuss condoms, can't talk about next time, because that would mean acknowledging that there might
Sherlock could tell her that she really hasn’t answered his question, and that she can stick her superiority and her patronising insinuations where the sun doesn’t shine, but he doesn’t, because he can’t really come up with anything that sounds any less childish than his initial question.
And there it is again. A conclusion without any attempt to explain how said conclusion was reached. Sherlock is better at not doing this at crime scenes these days, and he has learned to explain his reasoning in a way that's somewhat understandable to mere mortals, but it seems like whatever progression Sherlock's done in this regard, it's unlikely to ever extend to situations beyond those that involves the work.
As we leave the area I tug Gregory’s arm and pull him to the side of the shed. "Sherlock has been here but he’s recently left. I saw his flask on her table and these footprints leading into the forest are his." There is another set of prints to the side that makes me worry.
"I will ask if I need more information." I am starting to get more anxious... the need I'm feeling is like an itch I can't scratch.
Tapping Mycroft on the shoulder I mime if he wants me to check Sherlock’s room or follow him to his. With a nod from him I head off down the hall.
"Not a couple. He asked her to the ball only because he couldn't work up the courage to ask the person he really wanted to bring... her brother." I chuckle lightly.
I focus on what he's saying, rather than the sinful ideas the rest of him has put into my head. "I would never laugh at you, John."
His noncommittal answer. "You are going to be even more incorrigible than ever now." I turn away at yet another bite of food.
I open my eyes to see John looking at me, his smile of satisfaction apparent. "That was... that wicked mouth of yours is quite talented." I grin back. I pull him up alongside me, kissing along his neck as I pull him against me.
"Calling Mycroft might be useful, actually. He's been no help in this investigation." He hasn't called or texted any more information about James Moriarty or been able to come up with anything that might help us find Mrs. Hudson before it's too late."
My hand goes to my side, sans food. "Well, Seb... Tell Kat we say hello." Sherlock would've grabbed the food by now and slammed the door in his face. "We, uh, paid online. Do you need to see the card or something?"
Fuuuhhh-- "uh yeah. Ok." I lift myself up a bit and press myself as completely against him as I can. "We'll do this for a while then turn over." It's time to turn over when, not if, I get too turned on. He won't have the same problem I do.
"I did more than like it. I craved it. I needed it." I put my hand around the head of his penis and squeeze softly. "I need it again, Gregory. I need you to tell me what to do and how to do it." It's now or never. "I -need- to be needed."
I chuckle. "You thought I was scrawny? Your eyes must have been playing tricks on you, with all that reading you do."
I walk in the front door quietly. "Babe? You awake?" I call out quietly. Most of the lights are out, so I follow the dim lights to the living room where Jim is softly snoring on the sofa. Shaking my head with a grin, I go over and smooth a hand over his shoulder. "Hey, sleepyhead," I kiss him on the cheek.
I start to slowly insert my forefinger up to the first knuckle while petting his thigh. "You're so..." Tight. Trusting. Hot. Beautiful. Smart. Curious. Mine! "Perfect."
"IF you found him, IF he'd return, IF you could convince him to forgive all of us, IF you could talk him into giving me another chance...? If all those IFs happened...?" What would I do... I think about it for a moment and picture peaches, puzzles, and loads of pets. "IF all that happened? I'd stay right here and spend my life making up for all the sadness I saw in his eyes."
I wink at Seb. "NoPe. Sebby talked to them. Seemed they think you went visiting or something. Even took Seb’s info if they decide to rent out your flat." I look from her to Sebby. "Isn't that right? They took your name and number after you mentions wanting to let a room."
"Not really." Yes, really. "Who was the last?" For all the time we've been together we know remarkably little about each other.
"I doubt I could get Mrs. Turner to move, but certainly she could visit. And if I win? You and Seb move into 221C."
"I don't think I'll ever be able to give you an Estate, or all the books, or even guarantee you'll always have a comfortable bed to sleep in... But I promise you this: you will always have a home with me. Wherever you go is my home." I'd follow him anywhere, and most likely will have to drag him out of a few places as well.
I seem to have lost the ability of speech, so I simply nod. Soon as we're calmed down a bit I stand up and reach for his hand. Once we're out of the hot water I grab my clean tunic and dry him off.
The thought skitters across my mind. I groan at his every touch. Pinned to the bed as I am (quite willingly, I might add), I find my clothing becoming overly restrictive, but there's little I can do about it. I pull up on the hem of my shirt and arch my back, trying to take it off gracefully but instead, ending up tangled in it.
"Sit. Down." I say, a bit more sternly than I really mean. It works though, as he carefully sits back down, staring at me in shock. I've never used such a tone with him before. "Eat. I'll take care camp." I pull the bedroll off Daisy's saddle and lay it out at the cave entrance - inside just enough to avoid a sudden cloudburst, but near enough the fire that we will be warm enough and safe from predators. I resume my seat near him as he picks at his food and frowns. "So why -are- you doing this type of work? Your father was rather well-off, as I recall of him."
"Really? Have you seen you?" How can he, the most ostensibly bedecked masked of us all, feel he is drab? "I'm being serious."
Ever obedient, I turn to rest my back on the wall, looking down at John on his knees before me. With one hand I stroke myself slowly while my other hand combs through his short blonde hair.
"My friend here has a minor sprain, I think. Nothing a bit of rest can't help heal." I help John hobble to the garden fence, which he then leans on for support, so I can release him. "I have to ask, what is it that you could possibly be growing this time of year?" I look curiously at the garden plot.
"You know, Greg, I've seen his eyes when the two of you are in the room together. You really don't have anything to worry about." I sip my tea. "He's completely smitten."
"Sorry, must've misheard. Bet? What bet? What about Baker Street? No. No. No. No. Absolutely not. No." I toss my napkin down and cross my arms. "No."
"Umm..." I roll to my side to face him. "Yeah that ain't gonna work mate. You'll either have to move over to me a bit or I can move to you. The whole point of sharing body heat is... Well... -sharing body heat-."
I arch my back, helpless to fight the sensations coursing through me any longer. My fingers curl roughly in his hair as I thrust up into his mouth with a breathless cry, his name on my lips as ecstasy washes over me.
"James Moriarty, Consulting Criminal. I'm sure you've heard of me." I return with the tea and give her my most charming smile.
At the Masquerade Ball held in Lord Watson's honor, it was noticed that the recently sent home wounded Dr. Capt. Watson was able to set aside his cane and dance.
"I know she tried to seduce us, and has been drugging us, but on the other hand, she's also kept us warm, fed, and ALIVE for the past month. Surely leaving her the cuts she's asked for isn't too much trouble?" I'm only trying to be fair to her. I've learned quite a bit from her, after all.
"What the bloody Hell was that? Why did you make us hide? Who was that? Why are you laughing?" His attempts at getting up are punctuated by jabs to various body parts but I can't stop giggling. "Why am I laughing?"
"Oh, I see. So you two are just not marriage-minded, then. That's all right. I've had plenty of men in my life since dear old Frank paid his debt to society. Not so much marriage-minded myself anymore, you know." I wink at him as I get up from the table, taking the tea cups to the sink. "So, you don't think I'm important to Sherlock and John, do you? Care to make a friendly wager on that?"
I grind my hips against his as he draws his fingers lightly down my chest. When his hands reach my trousers i raise my hips slightly, and he slips my trousers down my thighs, freeing my rapidly-hardening cock.
"Martha, dear, how did you make these? These honeycakes are AH-mayyyyy-zing." There's a bit of an interesting flavor. "What is that unique taste?"
After I stand I reach a hand out to help him up. "And if you're a really good boy I'll read you a bedtime story," I figure a joke might defuse some if the tension.
I wiggle my eye brows at him. "Anything?" I can't hold my sexy face long before I burst out laughing. "Nah. I don't need your money." I lean in to whisper to him. "I over charged your brother. Made him pay an annoyance fee." This was my last delivery of the day and I don't know if i have time to make another one... Crap. Wait! "I got it! I have one mask left. Couldn't sell it. It's not bad at all. If anyone could pull it off it'll be you."
"We? Why we? I think -you- are Red Riding Hood. If anything, I would be the Huntsman or something." I smack his leg with the towel I used to dry my hands. "Get up. Let’s get on with it. I do have a question. Well, I have many questions but one important one for right now."
"That's not the problem. The problem is that we may not make it by nightfall and we'd have no way to start a fire if we don't set camp now." Was it really so bad that he'd rather freeze than spend a night against me? "We can build a big fire and won't have to share too much body heat maybe just the jackets on top and below us but keep our kit on and we could even not do that but I'd really rather not take a chance since there's no cave to--- Never mind. Dumb idea."
"Now I just need to find someone to handle security. I'm sure you can imagine, it's complete chaos. The man they have running things now couldn't secure a nursery, let alone a bunch of grown men looking to get in close to Lord Watson." I shake my head.
My anger at my brother is now tempered by concern for Lord Watson, who is now my responsibility. "We don't know for certain Lord Watson even came here, you know." I say in a quiet voice. "He could have been intercepted en route."
"You're not a stupid man, either, Mycroft. I'm not rejecting you. I'm just having a hard time understanding this. You come to me... have sex with me... wait on me hand and foot... because you WANT to?" The glimmer of hope in my eyes migrates to a relieved and happy smile.
"Well," I take a seat on the couch next to him and pull him onto my lap. "My mate Simon called - seems Watson ordered lunch delivery. Andy was still a bit hungover, so he didn't argue with me when I offered to delivery for him."
"Ta. Your confidence is astounding." He nods as if he didn't hear the sarcasm in my voice. "I'm not an idiot you know. I do have an MD." And a psychosomatic limp every now and again.
"I do things other than read!" I snarl at him. "I take care of the herbs in the garden, and sometimes I even help with chores." Helping Mummy carry the laundry out to the clothesline counts as helping, right?
"I'm sure your friend’s alright. You had a hard few days. It's a surprise you're still on your feet." I put some stew to heat near the fire. "Come, sit beside me. Tell me what brings you here."
I frown, my eyes shifting from John devouring his rabbit to the untouched rabbit in front of me. I take a deep breath, and grab my rabbit's legs with two fingers, pulling it off the rest of the carcass. Steadying it with two fingers from the other hand, I carefully take a bite, trying to avoid getting any of the greasy meat on my chin. Though a challenge to eat, it is quite delicious.
"Better than I could've hoped. If we were so close we should have come here." I set the bedding down and lay it out. I also brought the wine and the last of the cheese. "Don’t fret the wine. You are in charge of it for now."
I shiver as his finger slides into me. My cock twitches in response, as well, so I take his earlier suggestion and stroke it slowly. The hard flesh is still slightly slick from John's oiled hands earlier. All these sensations... my eyes flutter closed.
While still rubbing one side I smack his arse one the other side. The sound resonates through the quiet house.
"It suits you well. I'd love you even if you were bald." I have noticed the balding scalp but it was me, not him.
"That sounds lovely, Jimmy," Can you imagine? Not only do I have a pair living in the flat upstairs - though they're not married yet - but I have another pair that enjoys my company! Wait til Mrs. Turner hears about that! She'll be so jealous! "Tell me, is Seb your husband? Or are you two just dating?"
...-- It goes on but that part doesn't matter. What matters is that my Mum formally, publicly, asked for you to come back."
I look up as John walks into the dining hall, a tall young man following him. "John! Where have you been, my boy? I was beginning to worry..."
"You're still going to see him. He'll be at the Castle that you're head of Security at. Is there something you're not telling me?"
"Pfft. Sometimes they are interesting..." I shrug as I trudge off into the woods. I peel a good size chunk of bark from a nearby tree, ensuring I don't peel off too much so as to damage the tree. Looking around, I find a few patches of wood sorrel that haven't frozen yet, and carefully pick them, tucking them into a fold of my coat. I head back to the campsite with my bounty.
"His bathroom is the size of your bedroom." I bite my tongue to stop from asking questions about Mycroft and how he acts towards his younger brother. We can, and will, discuss it later. "Set the water to your preferred temp. I like my showers quite a bit on the hot side." Just having him in there with me will make it hot.
After a moment I pull away and busy myself with fixing his jacket. "Yes, good idea. Help me up." Once I'm standing with my arm around his shoulder I can't help but make a small joke. "It really is good tea though."
We ride in silence for an hour or so, when I pull the mare up to a stop. "Let's give the old girl a break. We'll stop here for a bit - relax, have something to eat." I take his hand and help him slide to the ground, then dismount. I can tell he's a bit tender from the small amount of riding we've done. I may let him sit in the saddle for the next part of the journey - it should be a bit more comfortable for him.
"So, I'm going as your plus one?" I grin at him. "I'm not inviting you to my place for drinks after..."
