Sherlock was dressed in a slim-fitting navy suit with thin lapels and a fresh white shirt with the collar open at the throat, exposing a freckle to the left of Sherlock's adam's apple, the one John was having a very hard time looking away from.
After spending the entire night awake and buzzing, Sherlock was up and out of the door before the school even opened, standing outside the gate staring in until the caretakers came to unlock it. He'd headed straight to John's classroom, finding the door unlocked, clearly from the cleaners patrolling the halls.
"Don't tell me this is some Romeo and Juliet shit where your families are sworn enemies and you are doomed to an existence without one another?"
"Thank you, I will see to it that Sherlock does not stray from this arrangement." He smiles another false smile and leads Sherlock out of the room without a chance for Mr Frays to respond.
Wishing for the 100th time that he was taller, John took a deep breath and pushed himself up onto his tiptoes to press his forehead to Sherlock's, his own gloved hand resting against the nape of his neck.
Sherlock's brow furrowed for a second, realising that he had dropped his cigarette to the ground a while ago, and his free hand he had been holding it with had the slightest tremor, to which perplexed him to no end. "John-"
John turned his head to catch Sherlock's lips as they pulled away, his hand coming just under his defined jaw, thumb stroking rhythmically against the hollow under the young man's cheekbone.
Greg circled the liquid in his glass around momentarily, watching the froth move around. "How come?"
"I'm not! I mean...I've had experiences...maybe that makes me bisexual. But there's only ever been two serious relationships, they were both women and I-" John panicked, realising just what he was getting himself into by proclaiming these things to his student.  "There's never been anyone like you," he swallowed the lump in his throat.
John dropped down from his seat upon his desk with a sigh, his eyes nervously glancing towards the window by the door. "Can we please discuss this?"
Sherlock held his gaze for a moment, before curling back up into a cross-legged position on the sofa, his fingers idle. "It's your house, John, you decide." he said at last, his voice coming across deeper than before.
"I told you that Mrs Hudson can be trusted," he sat back on the edge of John's bed. "You are letting emotion cloud your rational thinking, we- well more likely
"Sherlock! What are you doing here?! You can't just waltz in!" John panicked, his hand moving to Sherlock's shoulder which was still moving forward.
"Well then, I can see from our conversation that I have nothing worry about at all. Isn't that a shame? It seems I won't need to threaten Dr Watson any further after all."
Sherlock closed his eyes as they came to a stop, knowing the predictable questions that were coming, the ones everybody asked.
can understand how much of a lying tosser Kevin is? You know what he's like! All the trouble he's caused since he's been here speaks for itself. How can you tell this isn't just another one of his lies?"
"Oh don't pretend you won't miss our tutor sessions- me screaming at you... You sitting not listening to a word I'm saying-
from the librarian on duty, accompanied by an impatient glare. Mrs Hudson raised an eyebrow at him and pointedly returned a book to the shelf that Sherlock had thrown to the floor in his mood.
Their first catch up session began with ten minutes spent trying to get Sherlock to actually take the whole concept seriously. John made him sit in his Biology class seat and get his refill pad out to take notes. Sherlock stated that he never makes notes, that he doesn't need to, his brain will register the important areas. John ended up explaining three times to Sherlock that some things Sherlock might deem
"No it's not," He said from behind his book, a quick glance up to his brother's face confirmed that he was right.
Instead, John was quiet as the waiter ushered them to possibly the best table in the restaurant, over-looking the setting sun over the city of Edinburgh; the spires and rooftops casting harsh silhouettes against the cherry coloured sky.
He was bewildered to see the tranquillity in Sherlock's eyes when he opened his own again. He was leant back on his palms, his legs hanging over the edge of John's bed, stray curls sticking out of the tamed mop of hair. John traced the calmness in his posture, the smoothness of pale skin peeking out from the neck of his shirt, the potential for a smile dancing on his lips.
Hearing the commotion coming from Mycroft's work room, some of his security staff came rushing in, some holding handguns. "At ease!" Mycroft called immediately, waving an arm in their general direction, as they stared back in confusion at recognising Mr Holmes' younger brother as the threat to be removed.
"Involved? I'm not involved!" Sherlock stood. Mycroft observed his form, recalling a time when his younger brother stood at half the height he was now.
"Uh, well, there kind of is someone actually. But nothing has happened between us yet." John spoke cautiously.
"Sherlock," Mycroft reprimands. "I believe we have had this discussion about smoking before. I believe we have also had discussions about your behaviour before. Must you be so tedious to force me to repeat myself every day?" he walks back over to his brother.
"I was going to give it to you before, but I must have got distracted." A strange look was on Sherlock's face, one that didn't belong there, something akin to the anxiousness of a young boy on his first day of school. He pulled out the bundle further, and John realised it was folded leather, chocolate brown and faded, with equally faded badges sewn expertly into it. It took him a moment to realise before Sherlock unfolded it that it was one of the leather jackets he had been admiring in the shop the week beforehand.
After all the interference over the past few days, Greg had thought ahead of time to cancel any plans he had made for that Thursday morning and afternoon, knowing that Mycroft would only cancel them for him anyway.
Sherlock stood, threading his fingers through the older man's damp hair at the back of his head. "Let's have dinner." he said, his voice surprisingly sultry.
Rubbing his hands together to keep the rapidly dissipating warmth in, he aimed to look casual as he walked in the same general direction Sherlock had, if only to check up on his wellbeing.
He sat up on the bed, his legs spread, watching John's eyes fall to his exposed throat from his open collar. "A moustache, John?"
He didn't say anything, but let his head fall back against the wall instead, a slight flush coming to his face as his eyes darted uncertainly to the other man. His composure slipped before the teacher, as he ran a hand over his face, his voice coming out weaker than before. "I've let her down."
"Twelve? Thirteen? I don't remember exactly." Sherlock sniffed, looking at the stained motel ceiling from their lumpy double-bed.
A scoff in return, "Barely" Sherlock picked at the wood of the table in front of him with his fingernails and refused eye contact.
It appeared he didn't need to be told twice, as he took three long strides to wrench open the door and sit like a silent inquisitive owl inside, watching John with hooded eyes and wringing his hands together. "Are you-"
"We received a call this morning, from the guardian of one of our upper sixth students." Mr Frays began, scratching at his thinning hair.
"Long time no see," John laughed with uncertainty, taking measured steps forward, wishing so intensely that they were alone so he could shake Sherlock and scream how consuming his feelings were becoming, and how dare he exist to be such a temptation, and why did his lips always look so alluring and kissable?
John trailed his fingers through the light hair on Sherlock's chest, feeling his heartbeat under his palms was refreshing and grounding, knowing that however hard Sherlock tried to convince himself, he was no robot.
Greg paused, placing his glass tumbler on the nearest table, "It's not your fault. You know what Sherlock's like, he's-"
Sherlock could feel the stress radiating off of him in waves, his face buried in his hands, the twitch of his bad leg every so often, the laboured breathing. "John" he repeated, and moved around the bench towards him.
Struggling to see his partner in such distress, John winced visibly, not wanting Sherlock to continue from the clear discomfort it was causing him, but simultaneously not wanting to interrupt. He made a quick decision whilst Sherlock sat looking slightly green and deep in thought. "Come on, let's lay down. "
John heard himself moan, barely registering the sound came from him as Sherlock sucked deliciously at his adam's apple, teasing the rough skin of his throat with his tongue, holding John in place against him with the strength of his two hands. "Sherlock--let's...ohh, my god-"
"Now- hold on a second! What the hell was that?! Are you telling me that was all an act?" Greg looked between John and his student with intense confusion, his eyes wide. "I thought you were seriously upset, Sherlock- and you are not doing
"Sherlock, it's Lestrade. I don't know what stunt you are pulling this time by not coming in but I'm asking you personally to quit it for a second and come prove to these idiots that you aren't being groomed or molested by Dr Watson. Thanks."
"Besides, I'm likely to get more bother from your facial hair." Sherlock scratched at his upper lip in false annoyance.
He was so busy watching Sherlock, he hadn't noticed him turning to speak to him. "Unique." he said, watching John stare back at him with a pensive look on his face.
Something registered in the genius' mind, a recollection of those same words echoing through his consciousness like the reverberations of a bell.
"Who's Lance?" The teacher questioned incredulously, rubbing a hand over his forehead. What the hell had he gotten himself into by becoming involved with the Holmes brothers?
He only just caught the slight tremble of Mycroft's hand before the genius had violently shook it straight, clamping down and gritting his teeth in the face of any exposed emotions that dared to try and sneak their way in.
," he scoffed. "If you refer to that as your most prominent point of reference then you're definitely even more unintelligent than I thought you were in the first place."
"I do." John smiled, holding back a laugh at the disorientated Sherlock Holmes before him. "I've never seen you like this." he giggles, feeling Sherlock's arm go around him in his trance.
Sherlock paused before following, concealing himself behind a store model and pulling out one of the jackets John had lingered on before heading to the checkout.
"Oh my..." John slowed to a halt above a panting Sherlock, his head falling forward onto his forearm as they caught their breath. Sherlock's hands never left John's hips as he let his head fall back against the pillows, throat exposed with adam's apple prominent and bobbing in the air.
"This-" Sherlock's voice woke John from his thoughts, and the doctor noticed him examining a small wooden shape that had been resting on one of John's shelves in the spare room, it was carved to the shape of a rose. "A hand-me-down." Sherlock deduced immediately, and John nodded at him, smiling from his side, his hands in his pockets waiting for Sherlock to continue.
"I did some locum work for 6 months before meeting Mike who put me on to teaching." John admitted, moving his hand to Sherlock's waist and resting it there gently whilst the genius tried to look unaffected by the touch. "Sometimes you come across...emotional or mental issues with patients feeling depressed, often after extensive forms of...sexual, emotional, physical abuse"
Mr Holmes resisted the urge to wince at the statement proffered, his hackles raising at the suggestion that he probably couldn't do this by himself. Prepared for a rebuttal, he raised his glance to Greg's and got caught unexpectedly in the trap of the blues staring back at him, hesitating in the quiet room.
Agents Harding, Jackson, and Smith of the CCTV team on-duty that day had only been able to follow the young man to the edge of a shadowed flat where the boy slipped into the darkness in a swift feline-like movement, effectively finding a security-camera blind-spot.
Sherlock traced the lines of stress appearing on John's face with his eyes, the minuscule quiver in his voice that only Sherlock would be able to notice.
"I am thankful", his icy sharp eyes flicked upwards, meeting John's gaze for a moment, a fleeting chance of softness and invitation before the connection was lost and Sherlock dropped his sight to the ground once more.
Sherlock grunted at the idiocy of emotional bodily responses and immediately stormed back to his station, resolutely ignoring John who was now having a hard time controlling his laughter.
He sat on the front of the teacher's desk and reached for his flask, taking a swig of water and sighing with exhaustion. He'd raided half of the locations on the list in two hours with no luck whatsoever. He pushed up his black mask over his face, wiping at the sweat gathered on his forehead before reaching for the phone strapped to his belt.
How easy would it be to take those hands into his own? To thread his fingers through the suited man's and tug him away from all of this. Take him somewhere new, anywhere, anywhere he wanted.
John thinks he is doing the responsible thing by considering giving a student a lift home, bearing in mind it was late and getting dark, and nobody is safe walking home alone in the dark, not even Sherlock. This is what he tries to convince himself as he asks Sherlock if he would like a lift home.
"We've all been there," John shook his head. "I had a similar situation back in the army actually" John grimaced into the ring of the bottom of his pint glass, feeling his forearm pinned to the sticky residue of the bar's surface and cringing.
"Has that helped in any way?" John asked softly, rubbing his hands together and leaning back against his desk.
"Hello, you." John blinked, his smile lopsided and fond as he pushed himself up against his desk, sitting on the ledge. Sherlock's eyes drifted to the colourful socks peeking out of John's hitched trousers, the material bunching around his crotch and pulling tight against his thighs as he dangled his spread legs over the edge of the desk.
"That is unfortunate." Mycroft glared at him. He knew how useless the teacher had been in attempting to get in touch with John Watson, he'd had all phones and points of contact tapped to monitor progress. In fact it felt like he had had every phone in the entirety of London tapped and checked for news of his brother.
Sherlock stumped out the half finished cigarettes, rolled over and vomited in disorientation, the face of John Watson flashing tauntingly before his eyes before he passed out.
With the sound of an opening of a drawer, Sherlock threw the duvet over his head in frustration, eyes landing on his brother pulling out the chess board from where it was stuffed underneath the dresser.  Sherlock watched him for a moment, calculating, and then brought the blankets with him as he dragged himself over to the table where Mycroft was setting up the pieces.
They made their way to John's home separately, and Sherlock found himself waiting at least 10 minutes after arriving before he allowed himself to knock on John's front door, his experienced eyes still scanning the surroundings of John's street just in-case. He found nothing out of the ordinary, and was suddenly distracted by the prospect of being alone with John as soon as the man opened his door for him.
John holds the door of the wooden lodge open for Sherlock, who storms in guns blazing demanding all numbers of equipment from the staff on hand. John trails immediately after, apologising for the rudeness of his student and asking politely if they have any vets or medical resources on site.
"It's better to be safe than sorry, I want to know I'm doing my job properly by making sure you understand the syllabus requirements."
"Do you think I'm going to break your heart? Is that it?" John's voice was sudden, tinged with emotion.
"Please, come in, come in." the chubby man cajoled, a smile plastered on his face. "Take a seat, Mr Holmes. Thank you ever so much for stopping by."
"You're going to ruin your nice trousers if you come in them," he frowned, his hand paused at the fastened button just in front of his own crotch.
As always please feel free to leave your thoughts and comments, I really appreciate them. Apologies for the slow reply, right now I'm in the countryside without wifi--its killing me!
The truth was that Sherlock had spent an entire week trying to force John Watson from his brain, though he kept reappearing with flashes of lop-sided grins, confused frowns and tired limps.
He'd half expected to be stalked by a couple of 'secret' agents, keeping a watchful eye over him in case he decided to disobey his darling brother's explicit orders. Either they hadn't gotten the memo to watch over him this time, or Mycroft had selected agents actually capable of remaining
"I'm used to seeing you as the quick minded, fast-paced, brilliant Sherlock Holmes. You're considerably...slower, right now. It's nice to have you on my level."
He pushed the handbrake back into place with a sigh, and came face to face with an un-read text message from an unfamiliar number on his phone screen. He frowned and slid his thumb across the screen, picking at a loose thread on the material of his trousers as his phone slowly co-operated with loading the message.
"John?" he stood, checking on the closed door in his peripheral vision before pulling off his latex gloves.
Mycroft barely contains an eye-roll. "I am aware. I would appreciate knowing the reason for your decision." he questions.
"I'm fine" Sherlock insisted with irritation. "Would you tell them to stop putting this blanket on me?!" he ripped the orange object from his shoulders once more and tossed it to the floor with defiance.
Sherlock made a point of expressing his distaste in her choice of strong-smelling detergents, cursing every-time the scent made him sneeze and sniffle like a messy two-year old with a winter cold.
Sherlock gritted his teeth, his head snapping out of John's gaze, sending an annoyed grimace over to his tutor.
John recognised the setting, the background of the coach's A-line logo, and recalled the moment perfectly, it was the very one he'd been reminiscing on just moments ago before he'd come into contact with the elder Holmes brother. He tamed down the rising panic in his chest and stood forward.
"I didn't expect you today." The back of Mycroft's head didn't move, focused solely on his computer screen, flipping between word documents and websites, and back onto small squares of CCTV footage.
"Harriet, I assume?" the deep voice returned, standing to the side of John's desk by now, hands hovering, unsure what to do with them. "That and the fact that your car broke down on the way to work, your leg is causing you pain again, and your nightmares of the war have returned."
"Is that a bird?" Molly hopped down from the fence, squinting at the animal in Sherlock's large hands.
"I'm still trying to determine the right disguis-" Sherlock began to explain before John cut him off with a kiss.
A war was going on in the doctor's mind, as his body fought against sliding his arms around Sherlock's narrow waist, pressing his hand to his stomach and pulling him flush against John's own body. His skin tingled at the prospect of pressing his nose against the line of Sherlock pale neck, his stubble burning the column of undisturbed marble skin, his lips pressing softly with urgency against the gap behind Sherlock's ear and along his jagged hairline. He stopped himself from taking Sherlock and swaying him, to the music in his head, stopped himself from turning him and begging with his eyes for Sherlock to just
John had settled on watching Sherlock stretch out against the settee, having deposited his coat over the banister of John's stairs and toed his dress shoes off at the door. His body resembled something feline-like as he twisted and turned to find comfort, curving around John's square cushions.
Mycroft Holmes nodded, his eyes scanning Greg's body, recognising a new pair of jeans, rolled at the ankle to reveal navy socks obviously given to him by his worrisome and sentimental mother who was currently going through a particularly bad bout of arthritis. He halted his deductions, blinking at the ex-inspector and clearing his throat. "This way."
John was silent as they approached the double doors of the school, "One day", he smiled with something like a promise, and slapped his hand on Sherlock's back to create the illusion of simple friendly discussion to any onlookers.
"Huh?" He blinked slowly, aware of an unattractive line of drool beginning to slide out of his mouth. He swiped at it quickly, eyes refocusing on the iciness of the blue irises across from him. His eyes fell to the defined bow of an upper-lip not too far away from his own lips.
"Will you calm yourself down?" The man raised his eyebrows at him. Greg paused and tried to reason with himself that the fat bastard was still his boss, and he'd rather not get fired. "Take a seat."
Sherlock found himself in the chemistry lab after school again on the same day that Dr Watson had defended him from the stupidity of other students.
"When did we agree?!" John asks with exasperation. "Sherlock!" he hissed, barely resisting grabbing at his retreating figure as he sauntered off towards the exit, leaving John with a cup of lukewarm tea and an oncoming headache of confusion.
They'd entered another room, it was small and more homely, decorated with armchairs, lamps, sofas, small statuettes,  and paintings on the wall.
Instead, John pointedly turned his back on Sherlock and returned to the whiteboard to continue teaching, and Sherlock glared intensely at the clock in the hopes it would make the minutes pass faster.
Sherlock nods and moves towards him, allowing the back of his knuckles to brush against John's momentarily before asking where the coaches were parked.
Sherlock eyed the window next to the door, knowing there was barely a miniscule chance anyone was still around so late after school.
"Please follow me." Mycroft gestured with his cane toward a sleek black car glistening in the afternoon sunlight, John noticed a suited man holding open one of the back doors.
Thanks for being patient with updates guys. As always I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I apologise for the delay, life has been hellish and hectic. Besides that, what did you all think of The Six Thatchers? Can't believe we finally have new content!
"You know what. What's all this malarkey about expectations? Since when have I ever made you feel like I had expectations of you?" John asked softly, the quietest Sherlock had probably ever heard him.
"You're experienced at this, aren't you?" John reached for the one side of Sherlock's up-turned collar, smoothing it down against his collarbone. "Running. Hiding."
"His older brother contacted us, raising his concern over him being distracted in lessons. He said that his brother had become less focused on his examinations lately. Mr Mycroft Holmes believes he is distracted by- a
"Listen," John sighed, turning his gaze to his lover. "My meeting's been cancelled, so I'm leaving early. I have the whole afternoon free, will you come with me?" John's eyes looked red, his face tired.
Anger rose to his chest at being disturbed, nevertheless he turned to be met with the face of Lestrade.  "What?"
"Yes. But we know how we feel about each other, don't we?" John spoke with the sureness of his feelings towards the young man across from him. Even if he didn't know the extent of Sherlock's range of emotions or feeling towards anything let alone him, he knew he was regarded higher than most in Sherlock's eyes.
He finds an old army portrait, a news article published 3 years earlier, and a personal blog that has been password protected for 10 months or less.
"Is it?" Sherlock asked, his eyes narrowed. He stood with his hands in his coat pockets, knuckles moving under the fabric, his legs spread a shoulders width apart. "According to Mycroft, we have gone way past inappropriate already."
John knew he was being too optimistic by convincing himself that Sherlock would actually attend the biology trip. He shook his head at Greg who was mouthing at him from across the car park, the bustle of students' chatter muting communication.
To keep himself awake, he deduced what he could of the chubby sweaty boys in the distance, finding three closeted homosexuals, two who owned large family dogs, six with divorced parents, and one with a cross-dressing father. With a raised eyebrow, he zeroed in on their coach, an ironically fat man with neon orange sweat-bands on each wrist.
"I said wrong. Phagocytises, lysosomes and lysosomal enzymes in the subsequent destruction of ingested pathogens allow a defensive function in mammalian blood." Sherlock returned in a monotonous voice.
The drive was cut short by Mycroft leaning forward to the dividing glass and knocking sharply once on the window, to which the driver stopped immediately, pulling onto the pavement.
Mycroft cleared his throat, going for one of his cufflinks and popping it out, "Would you care for a nightcap?" he questioned the ex-inspector, rolling the first sleeve to his elbow, probably the most casually dressed Greg had ever seen him as he tugged at the knot of his tie.
Mycroft looked at him with an expression that said he was trying to figure him out, and then nodded, taking another silent sip.
"Are you sure?" John gasped, as soon as Sherlock had him on his back in the large king-size bed. "Sherlock- I need you to tell m-aah-" The younger man sucked a mark at the doctor's collarbone. "I need to know you're okay with--"
So when Dr John Watson introduced himself to the class, first thing on a Friday morning, weather raging outside the shut wall of windows, needless to say Sherlock was surprised.
"Bloody car-" he muttered to himself as soon as he managed to haul himself up and over to the window, slamming it shut. He paused mid-yawn, stretching out his spine and wincing at the cracks, looking towards his forgotten phone on the bed-side table.
Without realising his feet were taking him into a new room, Greg nearly tripped at a raised door-step, only being able to stop as Mycroft threw an arm across to prevent him from falling. Only then did he realise where they were.
The two men were sat on the stools at the bar, conversing quietly at the end, just in proximity with a gaggle of university students to their left who were downing no-handed shots of
"John, my- Ohh... Yes," Sherlock's head dropped back onto the pillows as John sucked harder, lips stretching and encouraging more of Sherlock's cock into his mouth. The teacher pushed insistently at his own boxer-briefs, working his cock with his hand, unable to resist the gorgeous sight of Sherlock Holmes in utter ecstasy.
John reached out without a word, taking Sherlock's hand in his own as they carried on the rough path to Signal Rock.
"What is it?" John asked, his hand going to its favourite place, the curls at the nape of Sherlock's neck.
Anderson sent a triumphantly smug look over to Sherlock and sat up straighter and more primly on his stool, folding his hands over one another.
He stopped without turning his head. "What?"John's eyes fell upon the dark silhouette of wide shoulders encased in the length of Sherlock's textured collared coat, the distinguished figure that John had come to know so well.
John barely escaped, clambering up taking the steps two at a time as the air began to get thicker and the sweat around his collar started to drip onto the fabric. John was either hallucinating from the fear or his tie was definitely trying to strangle him.
After reaching the nature reserve site they had booked into, they were lead straight into an over-run field bordering smatterings of forest containing ridiculously tall trees.
Another teacher jogged past wearing the reflective vest fire marshals were to wear and Greg snagged him to ask for any information he knew, "They're saying it's on the second floor, by the chemistry department" the man shrugged, rushing off towards the other vested teachers.
He sighed, checking his pocket watch which sat snugly in the pocket of his waistcoat. "Hourly report, Michael?" He called, stood to the side of Greg offering no explanation.
Sherlock froze, then immediately moved closer to the warmth, his mouth falling open as he crowded John back against the bricked wall of the alley way behind them. With a great deal of uncertainty, he placed his hand on the wall to the side of John's head, his eyes burning with the same question John's brain was screaming.
"Sherlock, really?" John sighed upon entering his classroom on a Wednesday morning. "Have some respect and tidy up after yourself please."
The pressure pulsed against his skull as a rapid-fire stampede of information and stimuli raced around the forefront of his mind, and Sherlock felt the heavy weight of his eyelids even more now, his body craving the sleep that bought it all to a halt, if only for a couple of hours.
He was dressed in a full piece suit, jet black and pin-striped with a crimson red tie Windsor-knotted at the stiff wing-tip collar. With an air of familiarity and confidence, the man marched straight over to Sherlock, grasping tightly a hawk-ended umbrella and reaching straight for Sherlock's face. John felt immediately intimidated by his presence.
Sherlock frowned, feeling John slide his arm around his waist and lead him back towards the way they came. He took a step and hissed, falling into Sherlock's side, pain flaring in his ankle.
"No. You will be visiting another location after your three days in Italy are concluded." Sherlock replied with a defiant raised eyebrow.
Sherlock itched for a cigarette but remembered how John disapproved the last time he smoked, and tightened his hands around his cup instead as they leaned against the bonnet of the car.
"I presume I'm in the right place?" Greg asked unsurely, looking around at the high ceilings and large pristine mirrors framed with vases.
John inhaled sharply. "I'm- no I'm fine, really- just- " He waved a hand in Sherlock's direction when he sensed him approaching.
Sherlock  followed the man, at least two steps behind him, into a silver Mercedes. He clambered into the back and watched with amusement out of the window as Mycroft's man scanned their surroundings momentarily for any threats, before sinking into the right-hand driver's side and pulling away from the school.
John slid his palm across his face in a familiar action, as Sherlock rose to his feet, closing the distance between them and taking in the emotion from John's face up-close. Here he could see the quiver in his eyebrow; the moisture of his eyes, the shine on his lips.
Sherlock was about to feign ignorance before John gave him a look. "You know what I'm talking about. Both of us pulling a disappearing act in the middle of a school week isn't the best plan you've had, Sherlock."
"Excited, then?" Lestrade mocked, turning his gaze to John who's shoulders were shaking with laughter, whilst he stretched to wipe the whiteboard clean.
He needed to know why seeing him made his mind blank and deductions felt like he was desperately grasping at straws or forcing his mind through a garlic press. Sherlock wanted to know if everyone had this problem with Dr Watson, did everybody become so poisoned with confusion and contempt at the increase of heart rate for no logical reason?
Sherlock stood to follow him, retrieved his own bag and jumped over the benches, ignoring the look it earned from John. "Dentist appointment?"
"Will you explain this elaborate plan of yours to me?" he threaded his fingers through Sherlock's curls. His body had migrated itself gradually up towards John's on the pillows, and the genius lay with his eyes closed, his broad chest rising and falling with the human matter of breathing.
"Ah, unrequited love-" Mycroft spoke again, settling into his desk chair and sorting his papers into a pile.
He doesn't. In fact, when John looks back to him, his gaze is intense and involved. "I don't think I could, actually." fingers skittering across the worktop.
Just as Sherlock pressed his forehead to John's, a loud ringing filled the room, breaking the two men apart.
"Do you really care?" Sherlock asked eventually, sharp eyes scanning for any clues he could get from John's expression on whether he should make the move to push them both over the edge.
He watched Mrs Hudson limp back over to her trolley out the corner of his eye and produce biscuits from her bag. "As usual then," she supplied, and slid the packet down the bench to him.
"I'm already ahead of the syllabus" he yawned, examining the rusting clasps of the bunsen burners shoved in the corner drawer.
Greg sighed, realising that his attempts were probably futile, and  threw his napkin on his plate, leaning back in his chair and gazing out of the window.
"Sherlock left when he was sixteen, we found him three weeks later, practically up to his elbows in cocaine."
The irritating flashes of LED blue and red lights from the sirens of police and ambulances flashed over Sherlock's pale and stoic features, the sky beginning to darken with the prelude of nightfall. He departed with a silence about him that sends a shiver down John's spine.
Sherlock sprung up. "Can we all stop lurking around like lacklustre animals and get out of here." he snapped, reaching for his discarded coat that lay abandoned on the ambulance step, still reeking of smoke. With the final affirmation from paramedics that they were acceptably medically relieved, Sherlock stormed off ahead, wrapped in his coat, collar up and dress-shoes crunching the broken glass particles under his feet.
." He let his hand fall atop Sherlock's folded ones and squeezed. "I just had a bit of a panic and forgot, that's all."
"Neither do I," He said at last, but let his hand fall from the surface of bricked wall behind John's head.
"Sherlock!" Greg shouted, the wind carrying most of the sound away from his student's ears. "What the hell are you doing?"
"And I'm warning you-" Sherlock snapped, any semblance of civil conversation slowly dissolving between the two men, stood mirroring each other in the open and aged room. "If you threaten John again, if you have him harmed in any way, I'm gone."
For a reason he couldn't fathom, John barely held himself back from marching straight back over to Sherlock, but instead clambered into his car and turned on the windscreen wipers.
With another frown, Mycroft decides he has had enough of this place today and leads the way back to the car.
"See you then" John nodded, pursing his lips and measuring the reasonable amount of distance between their bodies.
He sighed, waving a hand in the direction of the screen and stalking off towards a darker corner of the room, concealed by the shadows of the towers of stacked and blinking computer modems. Greg followed him, noticing the tail end of his suit rounding a corner through a door concealed at the back.
They fell into the house, shaking off the water like dogs and peeling sodden layers of clothing off with a grimace. John hobbled over to the closest sofa, hearing Sherlock flick the kettle on followed by a loud whistling as it boiled in the kitchen.
"Okay..." Greg said, uncertain, as if questioning himself. He looked back towards the man opposite him, taking in Mycroft's cool exterior, the one that must be internally harvesting so much pain.
"I don't care about that, I just want to do what I want without idiotic people getting in the way of everything actually
"We are not going back to Belgravia." the elder Holmes said quickly, his hands tightening on the steering wheel.
He watched Sherlock fumble over his words and became even more awestruck by his student, perplexed at how somebody so incredibly intelligent could be so incapable of handling something as instinctive as emotions.
?" Mycroft raised his eyebrows, looking genuinely taken aback by Sherlock's use of the Doctor's first name.
He felt his phone vibrate in his pocket as soon as he left the stuffy office-room, he answered without checking the ID, heading outside to the staff smoking area.
"John," he repeated back to him, and John tried to ignore the fact that he likes the sound of his name coming from Sherlock's mouth.
"So how come I haven't seen you around the staff room or anything?" Lestrade continued, glancing over to a bickering group of boys, wondering whether their jostling looked serious enough for him to intervene.
John approached from behind, settling his elbows on the window ledge next to Sherlock, their arms brushing the slightest fraction. "I have to lock up, are you coming?"
John vaguely noticed that most of the students that had been lined up had been evacuated to the field further away, cordoned off by tape and firemen surrounding the engines with three supporting ambulances. "Sherlock?  I- Are you- Is he okay?" John questioned earnestly, craning his neck around to see Sherlock's legs dangling from the back of the other ambulance, still coughing everywhere.
"Sherlock, I'm teaching-" Lestrade stood, mid gesture at the front of a class full of uniformed pupils looking half asleep, Sherlock immediately deduced they were year nines.
John looked up after sending a student that was taller and definitely stronger than he was scurrying away instantly. For the third time, his eyes fell upon the steady gaze of Sherlock Holmes, the heady atmosphere in the air tense and thick, making it difficult to breathe, and John cursed himself for feeling so weak around a student.
Sherlock didn't dare to move over to him, suddenly hyperaware of the amount of distance usually deemed acceptable between students and teachers. He counted the fake tiles of the floor, telling himself to stay at least a length of 5 between them.
John dismissed him with a frown, laughing away speculation. "For all the wrong reasons unfortunately," he re-takes his cup "Was up marking papers until one"
"No-" The head-teacher stopped him, holding a fat hand up to him. "I know you are worried for your friend. And I know you were close to Sherlock, too. But this is as far is it goes now, I appreciate your efforts in trying to contact John, but please let us handle it from now on."
"You're doing better than you think you are." He blinked, staring up at Sherlock with something akin to adoration across his features.
Not having the awkwardness of Sherlock being in John's house for the first time helped both men to relax in each other's presence, so used to being wired 24/7. It was the memory of their first kiss upon Sherlock's last visit to John's home that had the shorter man continually having to stop himself from breaking into a gigantic grin every time it graced his thoughts.
"Brilliant, as always. Well done, Sherlock" he praised him quietly and moved on to the next student, as Sherlock looked down at his A* with inexpressive eyes, sliding it into the back compartment of his satchel.
"I'm pretty sure you've seen a hell of a lot more of them than I have, and I already feel claustrophobic." he sent him one last tiny smile in the hopes it might sway the intelligent and rigid man from his steadfast opinions.
"Lestrade." He remained standing at a considerable distance. "Said that you'd appreciate a goodbye from me."
John frowned, why was Sherlock asleep in his classroom? Alarm bells in his head told him he should contact somebody and complain for a strike to be put on his record since he really shouldn't be sleeping in classrooms, let alone vacant ones, but the more dominant voice in his head told him not to.
Greg felt very safe with him at the wheel, and although the man obviously rarely drove himself anywhere anymore considering his growing status in the government, he seemed pretty confident and relaxed. In fact, Greg wasn't sure he'd ever seen him so quiet.
John leant over and jabbed at the buttons with his free hand, "Nonsense, there's loads on here. You're bound to find something you like." John skipped over the channels until Sherlock's hand stopped him, pressing the back button onto
Greg grimaced with understanding, his hands falling to his knees as he pushed himself away from his recently designated desk and moved over to the window to stretch his sore legs. "I don't know whether to start in on another disc or call a cab." he said, mostly to himself, scratching his forehead in thought and looking towards his abandoned laptop.
"Don't tell me you don't know Spiderman," John's mouth dropped open, and Sherlock felt the discomfort of embarrassment flushing through his system, and reached for his phone, searching the name into Google. "I thought you knew everything?"
John visibly tensed, his knuckles becoming increasingly white on the steering wheel. "We shouldn't have-"
"And you know what? He probably will-" John huffed out a laugh after his outburst. "But it would be worth it."
Mycroft squinted at him, almost as if he were deliberating punching the teacher, rebuffing his offer to help. Greg held eye contact until he began to feel uncomfortable with the intensity, shifting in his seat.
The still three-piece suited man settled back in his chair after a click of his mouse, and turned his head to the side nearest to the teacher. "I do admit, my home office is a much more pleasant working environment."
"He hasn't left the country." he said, sounding sure. "He won't have risked being caught in a location populated with such high security."
"In this weather? You'll freeze to death" John insisted with a chatter to his teeth, hands rubbing together to trap the warmth in.
Sherlock kissed him firmly, still trying to learn as much as he could from just their third kiss, recognising the temperature of John's velvet lips, the quickness of his pulse, the surprising softness of his warmed skin.
The Holmeses exit via the main entrance and Sherlock purposefully hangs back as soon as they leave, shifting into the smoking area and fishing out a lighter from his coat pocket.
Sherlock remained quiet for a moment, watching her tucking the wire of the hoover up and away, and hooking it onto a compartment of her trolley which stood obediently to the side.
loud thinker" Sherlock drawled in response, the illusion of him sounding insulted by John's very existence being shattered by the tiniest of smiles lifting the corner of his lips, illuminated by the passing flashes of street-lamp light.
"Do not take that tone with me," John raised his voice slightly, to which Sherlock had no reaction, and turned his gaze back to the open window.
The doctor flexed his wrist, fiddling with the metal clasp of his watch that was trying to strangle his pulse. "No- I mean- uh,"
Needless to say, Lestrade was having trouble restraining himself from shaking some violent and well-justified sense into his student.
Instead of making eye contact, Sherlock moved slowly back towards the bed, sitting tentatively down the edge of it and waiting for John to do the same before he spoke. John sat next to him on the bed, noticing the difference in the size of his own muscled thighs compared to Sherlock's slightly thinner ones.
"These? No way. The days when I could have pulled off a leather jacket are long gone." he stroked a fingertip down the sleeve of cool browned leather belonging to the nearest jacket, wandering away towards shelves of Scottish memorabilia and second-hand novels.
Sherlock drew his eyes to his lover's face, noticing the smoothness of his jaw and chin, surprisingly accompanied by the lengthier stubble on his upper lip.
John slid his hands into his pockets, his exhale turning into a mist of fog from the freezing winter air. He raised his eyebrows, "Sherlock Holmes saying sorry, that's a first." He scuffed his shoe at the floor, refusing eye contact which convinced Sherlock of his previous suspicion, he was angry with him.
Greg held up his hands, "Okay," he laughed. "Okay, forget I said anything." He stared at the 6 o'clock shadow starting to form on Mycroft's jaw, admiring the way it made his still youthful face look that tinier bit more mature.
"I can't" he growled in return, turning with a swish of thick fabric as he slid his lighter back into his pocket and rubbed his hands together.
Considering giving up entirely and pulling out a cigarette of his own, Mycroft turns to the path again and begins walking towards the road where a car with tinted windows waits for them both.
Mycroft's sigh on the other end sounded stressed, which made Sherlock considerably smug. "Come home now, Sherlock. I won't ask you again."
They'd just made it on to the M6 and picked up speed when John turned to see Sherlock's face half illuminated by the moonlight, his angled cheek, chin and nose divided by various shadows, the curls of his fringe flitting in the breeze coming in from the driver-side window cracked down a little.
Mycroft's laugh echoed around the dripping emptiness of the underground space. "Ah yes, the bravery of the
His tie was loosened slightly around his still buttoned collar, the navy blue fabric of it peeking out from underneath his grey jumper. He surveyed John's posture, stood with his hands on his hips, face open and anxious, bottom lip slightly reddened from where he'd been clearly been biting at it apprehensively.
"Don't you ever get tired of constantly pushing people away?" His teacher sighed, trying and failing to figure Sherlock out.
"Well, I think you'll find that if you refer to the syllabus-" Anderson started, and Sherlock laughed loudly to interrupt him. "What is so funny?!"
And with that, Sherlock's walls came crashing down, those polluted waters burst free from the dams he had built and rebuilt himself, and rushed outwards, rushed towards John. And he knew he would never doubt John Watson again. Would never doubt his intentions, his focus, his overwhelmingly virtuous and willing heart. He would never doubt the security he found in John's eyes. Would never doubt the strength of the soldier, the graciousness of the doctor, the irrevocable pull of John Watson.
"It's fine" John smiled, his knuckles brushing against Sherlock's absently. "It's all fine, it is now anyway."
It seemed that a once white minimalistic room had been transformed and divided into hubs of technology, large screens stacked next to each other on the wall, framed by smaller ones blinking fuzzy CCTV footage for 3 seconds each before changing to a different location. Greg's mouth hung open, he felt useless in the busy room, there were men and women typing away rapidly, some rushing around holding iPads, folders, or sheets with different passport stills printed on them. They all seemed to concentrate even harder when Mycroft entered the room.
Sherlock grunted and pulled away, pushing at John's intrusive hands. "It's not dead, I can save it. It's wing is broken. If you would just get me the resources I need-"
"It's strange seeing you with stubble." John mused, his hand scratching over Sherlock's face openly, brave in the face of the public, unknown amongst the passing crowd.
Sherlock scowled in the oversized uncomfortable leather chair and shifted against the lumpy stuffing of the armrests. Ridiculous.
Sherlock glanced at him, knowing that his teacher had probably forgotten that Sherlock had told him about Mycroft in their first conversation, and then put his hands in his pockets. "You don't know much about me, Dr Watson."
John stretched with a small squeak, mid-yawn, blinking himself awake from his nap. Sherlock had the radio on its quietest setting, emitting slow classical music.
"As I have explained previously, particularly in my meeting with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Thursday morning, my services are unfortunately limited at the moment."
"You brought us here!" John cried, propping himself up on his elbow to face the young man properly. "You organised all this, the gorgeous cottage, the remote town, just so we could be ourselves, and be alone. Tell me that's not romantic."
His lips were slightly swollen from John's attention, dusty pink much like the attractive blush that now coloured his skin, resting high on his cheeks in two spots. John's eyes were drawn to the obvious bulge at Sherlock's crotch, his tight suit trousers slightly impractical for straddling one's lover on a small sofa. His eyes were dark and heavy, pupils blown wide and hair sticking out in every which way, his chest rising and falling quicker than usual as his eyes appreciated John's body.
Greg paused, lowering his head after his outburst to the older Holmes brother. He stared at Mycroft's unmoving hands, noticing how elegant and soft they appeared, definitely not scarred and calloused, like the workman's hands Greg had.
"After what?" Greg asked, shifting in his seat so he could reach a hand over to Mycroft's arm. He curled his fingers around his bare forearm, hoping that it came across as supportive. He stared at the man's closed eyes, wishing he could ease his suffering in some way. "After what, Mycroft?"
Greg tutted at him, suggesting something about organisation and dawdled off to his office to make a phone call to a parent. Or at least that's what John thought he said he was going to do. If he was entirely honest, he couldn't remember where the hell
"Of course. I - God, what do you think is going on? We're not about to run off to France together, he's my student-"
a teacher?" John wondered aloud, noticing how they were both standing apart from the general gaggle of students who were gathered by the coaches. "What else can you deduce?"
"You joined the army to follow in your grandfather's footsteps, and perhaps to spite your father. Any semblance of a relationship you might have had with him was arguably destroyed by this action, but you didn't care."
"Gregory Lestrade, I presume?" He turned to face the teacher, a slight squint to his snake-like eyes and offered a long outstretched hand.
John stroked his hand down Sherlock's pale cheek, his eyes flitting across his handsome features. "It wasn't because of you. The only time I felt
He gasped at the feeling of John's hand pulling deliciously at his erection, distracted by the combination of hands and tongue, until John was looking up at him with a hint of mischief in his eyes, and some hesitation.
"Sherlock-" he gasped, dragging his eyes away from the stunning sight back to Sherlock's contented face, tinged slightly with the gorgeous sunlight. He had his hands folded together, a leather-strapped watch peeking out from under the cuff of his sleeve, staring at him with eyes that promised him anything, everything. John wanted to put his hands on Sherlock's chest, dance in slow motion on the edge of the world, or at least on the edge of this balcony. "It's gorgeous."
John paused, watching his student cover his face with his hand, sliding his palm upwards into his hair and gripping. "You can't wh-"
It was with a heavy heart John waited on the other side of the line, his fingernails curled into the edge of the leather seam on his armrest.
John raised his eyebrows, momentarily becoming distracted by the vast rolling green hills that came gradually into view. "A Scotsman, ey?" he grinned. "How come I've never seen you in your kilt?"
"There's no need to summon a taxi, I have a car." he said, closing the lid of his laptop and motioning towards the door.
John put his hands on his hips in defeat for a moment, "You know what, I think we need a break for now anyway." He walked straight over to his bag and pulled out a litre bottle of water, uncapping the bottle and wetting his tongue that was dry from talking.
"If you hate it that much, why don't you go and have a shave?" John asked, watching him from his own seat.
He thumbed over a text from his personal trainer, heading for the reply button as the phone screen lit up in his hands: Unknown Caller. He hesitated, sitting down on the side of the bed as he pressed accept on the call.
Sherlock headed to Lestrade's classroom for his weekly tutor meeting, barging straight in without knocking as usual, Greg was usually inside stuffing his face with doughnuts or playing apps on his phone and cursing at the screen.
, clearly a teen-punk-rock band that Sherlock would undoubtedly despise. "You can't be serious-" he started, "It looks nothing like him!"
Greg was quiet, D.I. Lestrade was sinking back into his bloodstream, the adrenaline of details falling together in his mind, the aching frustration of slowly piecing things together. "But why Scotland? He could've gone anywhere to get away, any tiny little city."
After a few minutes, their conversation came to a gradual halt, and the young girl began packing her things back into a purple shoulder bag.
John suddenly realised that there couldn't be less than 4 years between the two of them, knowing that there was at least 10 between Sherlock and himself. "Hmm, didn't we all." He muttered in reply, desperately trying to mask his bitterness at Molly's clear interest in Sherlock.
"Wait- hold on a minute-" Greg shook his head, bringing his palm to his face. "This has come from nowhere! John-I mean, Dr Watson was telling me just the other day how you're excelling in lesson, starting to involve yourself more, getting 100% on all past-papers-"
"I'll see you at school, Dr Watson." Sherlock replied shortly, and John panicked as he passed him through the doorway.
He sat down on the sodden wood that was damp with rain from the mid- May showers, noticing a flock of red in the form of the year eight rugby team running across the pitch towards the curved fence, dropping down water bottles of various sizes and colours and jogging on the spot in their black shorts in order to keep warm.
Sherlock traced the outline of embellished lettering protruding from a discarded plaque, the one that had always rested on the corner table of Mycroft's office. He scratched his fingernail against the groove of the G, following the curve of the S, and skimming across the surname of "G. S. Holmes".
And suddenly, Sherlock was gone. Having pushed John away with surprising strength and wriggled off the bed, around to the other side and pressed his back to the door, breathing heavily, wide eyes like a startled animal.
It took a second, but the elder man moved, rolling onto his side next to Sherlock, still trying to catch his breath. "Well. That was intense."
"Another round?" the bartender appeared as if from nowhere, his eyes focused solely on John, a flush highlighting his cheeks.
"Yes, but," John smoothed his own hand up Sherlock's chest, his fingers resting on his shoulder. "I was hoping that you'd give in and tell me if I asked you enough."
Unable to speak, he looked down at his own hand and moved it to Sherlock's muscled thigh. He felt a slight flinch at the unexpected touch, and looked up to Sherlock's eyes which immediately softened when they met John's, then eventually returned to the road. Finding the urge to stroke his thumb continually against the fabric of the younger man's suit trousers, John looked back out at the blur of movement in the view of his own window and tapped his left hand against his own knee to imaginary music in his head.
“I’m guessing that they each have something in common, and that will mean something.” Sherlock said, as he moved closer to the wall.
“You’ve done the math.” Sherlock said, turning back to Moriarty. “You know that if you shoot first, you will die, and even if you have enough time to shot your own gun John will be able to get out of the way.”
The car kept driving, and driving, until they were no longer in London. At some point along the trip a parade of cop cars started following them. John knew of course that Sherlock had done that. He had gone against what they had decided; to not go to the police. He wondered what that meant for Rosie.
Molly gave a sad smile. She had always known. “It was to protect you. We had mics up here, listening to the conversation.”
John nodded, and faced the one on the left. “I wonder how much it cost to replace the windows for the two buildings.”
Some of the other story book pages depicted mermaids sitting on rocks, a stone tower burning, the back of a blonde figure looking through a window, a dark pond which again had a blonde figure, birds flying in the air, puppets dangling by strings, and two crowns laying against each other.
Sherlock took a step back in surprise, before looking up from her body and seeing John Watson rushing to her, throwing his gun across the room.
There was soft laughter from an area John had completely walked past on his way to the chair. He turned quickly to see Moriarty sitting at the desk.
Lestrade tossed a brown package at Sherlock, who caught it as he stood. “We’ve checked it out already. It’s not dangerous, but it doesn’t make sense to any of us.” He said.
Back at Baker Street, John was sat on his chair, bouncing Rosie up and down on his knee. He was looking at his daughter, but talking to Sherlock. “Nothing like last time, Sherlock. Never again. You have to tell me every bit of your plan. Especially if you plan on faking your death again.”
BABABUMMMMM. yeah okay, a lot of this might not be so much of a surprise if you've kept up with TJLC theories.
Sherlock looked up from the drawings and made eye contact with John, who had picked up Rosie and moved to stand next to him, also looking at the papers.
First she flipped the ones in front of Sherlock over. First was the chariot, then the magician, next was the fool, then the wheel of fortune, and finally the lovers.
“So we find a stall that sells all those items?” John said, picking the stroller up so it wouldn’t hit a large bump in the road.
Then he reached over, and opened the bag. Everyone who had been holding their breathes, let them out in obvious confusion and disappointment when they saw what it was. A bunch of oysters.
While John had been doing that, Sherlock had taken the blankets back to his room, and gotten dressed.
Moments later a browned image started to appear. It was blocky, and uneven. “It doesn’t look like anything.” John stated.
John also looked around. “Yeah, I guess we did. I suppose we weren’t really paying attention at this point.”
John’s eyes flicked open and he was back in his bed, back in Baker Street. No longer was he in the aquarium, the real events playing through, but instead of Mary staying dead she had opened her eyes, and said “I know.” John’s breathing was heavy, and he sat up and looked at his phone. 4 am in the morning. He looked across the room to the crib where Rosie was still sleeping soundly. It had been awhile since he had had that nightmare. They stopped when he moved back into Baker Street, but for the two weeks in between that night, and moving back he hardly slept at all.
Sherlock looked up at John again, and felt so bad for his friend. This had not been a good day for either of them.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked. He took a step towards Moriarty, but he held his gun up higher to stop Sherlock.
“I’m almost done, and then we will worry about what we will do next.” Sherlock said without looking up.
“He told him all about you. Everything he needed to know to start your public demise. How else would he have gotten to get all that information?” John said, almost feeling like he was explaining something to a toddler.
“You better get in there before he shoots you too.” Mycroft finally said, before he turned and left the hospital.
“No reason.” John said, moving past her to the door inside. “I’ve really got to get going now. Thank you, and goodbye.”
“Got nicked with a bullet from one of those fake officers.” Lestrade said. “Not quite as bad as your injury though.”
Shooting started outside. John started to walk to the door, to do something to help but Moriarty stood up from the desk and stuck his arm out, stopping John.
After that it was his sister, Harry. That conversation was tense and awkward, and didn’t last too long before Harry had to leave.
He walked back to his bed room, and then realized that he had taken the blankets off his bed for John. He moved back to the living room, and slowly laid on the floor next to the couch, pulling down one of the blankets so half of it would cover him. His last thought before he fell asleep was that he hoped he would wake up first, so he wouldn’t have to explain this.
“Oh.” Moriarty said, mocking surprise. “So much fierceness for such a little man. I’m surprised Sherlock hasn’t come in to save his pet yet. But then again, I do have them a bit occupied out there.”
They had had only one argument, and it was on the matter of what to do. Neither had a set side they were defending, just throwing out the facts as they saw them. John thought that they needed to start searching any place that Moriarty had been known to hide out before. Sherlock thought that they would be able to start searching, but the only clues would come from waiting to see what Moriarty sent at them next. John didn’t react well to the word “wait.”
He thought to tearing the bomb off of John, and throwing it away from them. John making a joke about them being in a darkened swimming pool.
“Just give it.” John said before taking the other lap top, opening it, and typing ‘John Watson Blog’ into the search bar. He clicked on the first link, which should have looked extremely familiar, but didn’t.
Sherlock smiled. They both didn’t often think about their first case together. They often forgot that within the first 24 hours of meeting each other, John had already killed a man to keep Sherlock safe. Walking into the building, Sherlock promised himself to think about that more often.
“It was always either not the right time, not safe to with Moriarty around…or something else.” Sherlock said. He hadn’t made eye contact with John since he entered the room. Sherlock continued. “And you never seemed like you would have felt the same way. Anytime someone assumed we were together, you would deny it. And I would just sit there, not saying anything.”
John sighed. “So we just need to sit around here and do what? Wait for him to tell everyone in the world what I’ve done? So that I can be taken to jail or something?”
Sherlock, doing the only thing he knew how to do, examined the stroller, and then the area around it.
“It was while Mary was still alive.” John said sadly. “She gave me her number, and I was going to throw it away…but I kept it.”
“Yes. Obviously not all the streets of London are shown here, mostly just main ones. But, if you look here, they all seem to lead to this one spot.” Here, Sherlock pointed to where many of the lines converged, in the middle of the Tower card.
“There will be a price.” Ciarda said, seeming to have dropped the false voice, and adopting a more natural, deeper sounding tone.
“Yesterday, I texted Lestrade and asked him to send me a picture of it. I was so mad at her, and started thinking about how long she could have been working with Moriarty.” He paused. “That was Mary’s handwriting on it. I recognized it.”
"Oh, I only started here a couple of days ago. I haven't really seen much of anyone yet, I only know Cerys, I've been assisting in her class."
John had lost himself in the memory so deeply that he'd become aware that he was standing stock still in front of his car smiling to himself like a happy idiot. He blinked himself awake, feeling flush rise up his neck, cursing when his keys fell from his fumbling fingers.
"Sherlock..." he managed before Sherlock was kissing him again, unconfident but firm, his hands soft against John's skin, fingers brushing tantalisingly. "Let me take you to bed." John said with a pointed squeeze to his waist.
"John Watson," John held out a hand to shake, "Likewise, I've heard you're assisting in Physics? We might be brushing shoulders, we've got new labs all down the first floor."
"You are way above target for all five lessons. Impressive, as always." Greg thought aloud, flicking through more documents in the plastic sleeve.
Eventually,  John awoke to the calloused skin of Sherlock's hands tracing his own, and revelled in the opportunity to feel those long and delicate fingers dancing across his own scars.
"Oh, yes" she laughed again, a high tinkling sound. "Thank you, dear. You know how I can't bend down when my hip gets bad like this" she speaks to herself, tapping her hip and moving around with the cleaning solution again.
"Okay," he sighed, pulling Sherlock's body flush to his own. John decided to drop the matter, it clearly wasn't helping Sherlock to revisit his memories, and John himself was beginning to get more furious by the second that he couldn't find this guy and beat the living crap out of him.
"Ah, John, I was expecting you." Sherlock spoke to his pipette just as the sound of familiar footsteps entered the room.
His breath caught in his throat as John flipped him onto his back, now able to unbutton the rest of his shirt and put his mouth to the trail of hair at Sherlock's toned navel. "Jesus- Sherlock..." he said with surprise, pulling back to gaze at his young lover's naked torso. "You're even more gorgeous without your clothes on. Not that I'm surprised..." he raised his eyebrows, moving his mouth back to the rise and fall of Sherlock's chest, dipping his tongue into the dent of his sternum, fingers trailing delicately down Sherlock's sides which probably should have tickled if it weren't for the tension in the room.
He focuses of the sound of footsteps leading away into the library before he looks over to his collection of framed taxidermy spiders with a sigh.
John shrugged, tightening his hold on his younger lover, he'd threw his arm across Sherlock's bare chest whilst he'd laid on his back reading. He'd found that it was quite impossible now to not be touching Sherlock Holmes at any opportunity he had,
The room was silent save for the irritating buzzing of a trapped fly repeatedly smashing itself against a closed window. With surprisingly quiet footsteps considering the weight and size of the chunky black boots, he moved forward, eyes scanning the shapes of the lab tables, sweeping over the open door to a separate adjoined room at the back before moving towards it quickly, gun in hand.
"He called in sick, now if you don't mind-" Lestrade moved towards him, shooing him out of the door with a disapproving look on his face.
John snorted, turning his head until their lips met, shuffling back onto Sherlock's thighs so he could undo his dress trousers properly. He paused in his ministrations and pulled away from Sherlock's lips, ignoring the unhappy growl it provoked.
"You better watch what you are making assumptions about- those are serious allegations to make." The fire in John's voice was evident, and Sherlock's body shivered involuntarily, still concealing himself behind the wood of the door.
Greg had stepped onto the other coach, leaving John to deal with Molly. He waited for his class to pile onto the coach before taking the teachers seats at the front.
He stared incredulously at the small screen, dropping it back onto the table, cursing himself for being so ridiculous.
"There has been a complaint filed against me" he drawled, the most bored and unaffected sound John had heard come from him.
"To what are you referring?" the baritone voice replied, and John swore he could detect a touch of innocence.
This, predictably meant that Sherlock was forced to endure increased amount of human contact with his fellow students, who began to infiltrate his safe haven of chemistry lab 3 which was usually empty save for Sherlock and his experiments.
"Right. Yes, of course. I, erm, think I know who he means. I'll move some of the girls to the front row." John nodded decisively, wondering if his momentary breakdown was obvious to anyone apart from himself experiencing it.
"Then explain it to me." John asked him. "Please. I know your head races round a mile a minute sometimes but--help me understand it, Sherlock."
"Right- you know the deal, no funny business, we'll be there in about 40 minutes. Don't chuck your rubbish on the floor or you'll be staying behind to clean the entire coach after school." John's eyes were inevitably drawn to the group of troublemakers huddled at the back of the bus, shooting them a meaningful warning look before taking his seat back next to Molly. "Oh, and make sure your seatbelts are on!" he called over his shoulder before fastening his own.
"Hmm?" John asked in amusement, looking down to Sherlock's sleeping face, which looked very confused, wrinkling in a frown.
Greg stared at the ring of un-dissolved sugar plastered to the bottom of his mug, swirling around the dregs of liquid. Their conversation had slowed to a halt after Greg's failed attempt to get Mycroft to open up. As predicted, the man sat across from him with a familiar frown adorning his face, staring hard at Greg as if he were attempting to solve the world's longest maths equation.
John lifted his glass to Greg and then watched him disappear behind people's heads. He flexed his fingers atop the bar, crunching his hand into a fist when it began to shake. He'd been trying not to dwell on the threat of Sherlock's brother, knowing that if he was as intelligent as Sherlock himself, he would figure out that John hadn't actually done anything illegal, and that technically those photos could merely display a moment of comfort in a time of distress.
The car jolted unexpectedly before Sherlock managed to reverse out of a box-space John had parked in earlier that afternoon. He put his arm around the back of John's seat as he looked out of the rear-view mirror at the car behind him. The sky was at its darkest point and littered with stars mostly concealed by the foggy London-polluted air.
"Oh!" a high pitched female voice exclaimed as the two men sprung apart, "Sherlock, dear, is that you?"
"Dr Watson" Sherlock acknowledged, unconsciously slowing his steps to walk in tandem with his teacher.
"Yes?" he squeaked, turning quickly to the voice of his co-worker who had just entered the room with his hand still on the door's edge, suspicious eyes darting between Sherlock and himself.
"I don't disregard that, but you know how these things go." Their eyes were glued to each other, the raw element of delicate and dangerous conversation inside the last place they should be having said conversation seemed to ignite an electrical charge between the two men. "What would your brother do? He'll kill us- no, he'd kill me- you'd probably be fine, but... we just wouldn't get away with it, Sherlock-"
Sherlock's resolve crumbled bit by bit as the heat rose inside the vehicle. Each time he felt John's sure grip on him he felt as though he might tip over the edge into primal animalistic sexual nature, worried he might hurt John in the haste he felt to get to him. He was sure he'd never felt such an intense physiological reaction from his body before, he was sure his biology was never set up to feel this way with anyone. No one before had even come close to making him feel how he felt with John. Even just standing in the same room as him convinced him that John was sending subconscious electrical signals, shocks, straight through his body and brain.
As expected, there were questions asked about why Sherlock Holmes was so nearby the source of the fire, a couple of classrooms down the hall with dangerous chemicals, equipment, and an empty room all to himself. Although the attempt of scape-goating Sherlock was short-lived, as the interference of Mycroft provided unquestionable, substantial evidence that the fire was not started anywhere near Sherlock's classroom or caused by any chemical compounds reacting together that he may have caused. So that was that.
For the first time that week, John felt the hollowness in his chest drain away as he watched Sherlock move fluidly around his home as if he were the world's most talented ballet dancer. And for the third time since Sherlock had entered his home, he found himself wondering how anyone could possibly end up so unfairly attractive.
Greg nodded and looked back at Sherlock's last progress statement, written in the previous term. He yanked the paper free and pushed it towards Sherlock once more. "You need to write a new statement, about your targets for each subject."
Sherlock had just left the chemistry lab at 5:52pm, supposing that reception staff had left by now, he headed for an alternative exit. Mrs Hudson had been more chipper today, Sherlock had deduced it definitely had something to do with her new lover she'd managed to secure three days ago at a bingo game in West London but not mentioned anything about it.
She chuckled in return, "Oh Sherlock," she sighed. "You're going to have to learn to get along with people one day," she pulled a sheet of blue-tac from her cleaning trolley, pulling a blob off from the corner and pointedly sticking the poster back on the wall.
"I want to help." Lestrade shrugged. "Have you slept?" he inquired innocently, moving onto the worn leather love-seat.
Sherlock watched John signal to him with his eyes to follow him to the corridor, and deposited his biscuits on the counter next to Mrs Hudson, sending a wink her way and rushing out with his long legs, hearing her soft chuckle behind him.
John managed to undo the last button, and was desperate to push the shirt from Sherlock's shoulders to see the gorgeous stretch of marble skin underneath, attaching his mouth to the expanse of freckles across his shoulders and chest. "John, my god..."
"Ridiculous, John." he stropped, immediately reaching for the doctor's arm, which had moved from its place around Sherlock's waist, and pulled it back to its original position. John tried to conceal his shock, but went along with the younger man's continued pulling until they were fully facing each other, hugged into each-other as if they were outside in the snow in the dead of winter.
John laughed without humour. "I half-thought I'd have to get out and push it to school. It practically started coughing up bolts as soon as I pulled out of my drive."
"Just here will do," Sherlock gestured to the side road, unfastening his seat belt as John pulls up around the corner from his house. "Thank you, Dr Watson."
The suited man leant back in his chair, looking suddenly like most exhausted person in the world. Greg's face softened, he moved his elbows to his desk and leant forward on them, looking directly at Mycroft.
Before he could stop himself, John's consciousness was suddenly infused with facets of Sherlock Holmes. Flashes of dark curls and pale skin, long fingers and strong cheekbones.
"Mm, John. Not tired." His eyebrow furrowed, eyes still closed, and John pressed his thumb to the persistent dent between his eyes, immediately smoothing it out. He trailed his hand down Sherlock's cheek, his fingers falling naturally back to his hair.
"I'm sure Mycroft will insist on my return tonight" Sherlock rolled his eyes, his curls falling lopsided by the determined breeze.
Sherlock canted his hips upward in order to squash his phone down into the pocket of his trousers. "Probably some predictable magic trick of his including the security cameras of the entirety of London that he likes to show off with every so often"
"Good things are too often destroyed." Sherlock spoke in his baritone voice, his eyes speaking of sadness.
"But I chose this, Sherlock, you can't dictate my suffering as a fault of your own when it is all mine. It's not even a fault! I enjoy...being with you...if that's what this is. I know we haven't defined what
"No, no-" Greg insisted, his tired eyes trained on the floor. "It's fine, I...No. Haven't heard anything." he smiled weakly, knowing that the majority of the staff room were clearly trying to subtly listen in on the conversation. He still could hardly face sitting in the staff room with these people, couldn't stand seeing Kevin Lynch's smug little face grin at him every time they passed each other in the corridor. The last Greg had heard, they'd given him John's classroom to teach in, since the Biology teacher hadn't been in contact.
Sherlock calculated the angle of John's stubby nose from this close up, measured the likelihood that the scar high on his left cheekbone had been caused by stray shrapnel whizzing through Afghanistan-warzone air. Feels the calluses of John's fingertips against the gooseflesh of his bare neck, wonders if John resents the tremble in his left forefinger from the damaged nerve he'd gained from being too near an exploding bomb in his first year in the field.
Sherlock was panting, in awe of how worked up he could get from just a few fleeting touches of John's skin against his own. "John-" he wriggled his hips, urging John's slow fingers to move faster, lower.
Mycroft stands from his equally uncomfortable seat and buttons his suit jacket, interrupting the spluttering head teacher from a predictable outburst at Sherlock's atrocious behaviour and gestures for Sherlock to stand and follow him. "I understand the situation, Mr Frays, I assume the suspension is active from today onwards?"
Mycroft tried extremely hard not to snap at the dim-witted woman, who was clearly more interested in her nails than her conversation with Mycroft, a man she clearly didn't realise the importance of.
"You are not fine." Sherlock stated, glancing in his rear view mirror automatically, scanning his view for the appearance of any over-friendly or familiar cars that could be following them.
between us, has been far more than the usual platonic and appropriate teacher-student relationship."
They passed alongside a vast stretch of bluebells, realising how many butterflies were attracted to them, as pairs of them danced around each other and weaved in and out of the flowers. John was struck by how at home he felt in a place he had never visited before. He felt the mix of ground, gravel and wood crunch under his boots as he followed along contentedly after Sherlock; deciding that he'd be content to do so for the rest of his life.
"Couldn't you  hear her?" he asked with confusion, clearing his throat and putting his hands in his pockets with the decency of being embarrassed by John's awestruck expression.
Sherlock took the packet without a word and ate for Mrs Hudson's sake, until she smiled with triumph and moved on to clean the sinks.
With a shake of his head, John lifted his satchel over his shoulder and flicked off the lights at the front of the classroom. "Anyway, I best be off."
"Why are you phoning me? We never phone each other" Sherlock accused as soon as he picked up the phone to his brother's caller ID.
"John-" he gasped, his head falling backwards onto the pillow, as John's lips made their way up the column of his pale throat, making Sherlock question if he was even in the room anymore, his body felt so alight he wasn't sure he was even still connected to it.
Sherlock is silent for the next two minutes, embracing the presence of Dr Watson and suspicious of how comfortable he feels around him.
Greg ran his hands over his face, the coarseness of his palms felt refreshing against his tired skin. "What time is it?" he said around a yawn, leaning back in his chair and slotting his hands together behind his head.
"Should we be going?" Sherlock's surprisingly softened voice broke through John's internal monologue. His face turned back to the sunset, as the sky faded slowly towards darkness.
"The universe is rarely so lazy," Sherlock sighed, "No- the rumours are about us. You will be called into the head's office first thing tomorrow morning, probably me too."
The crackle of gravel under the car tires shook the two men slightly as they approached a small gaggle of trees, giving way to a small white old-style cottage decorated with thick wooden beams, barely lit with a few glowing lamps in the small windows.
He found himself wondering as his heart began to race wildly at the thought of the young man. Sherlock was enigmatic, secretly (and perhaps surprisingly, considering his outward demeanour) benign and gentle, and above all else in the eyes of John Hamish Watson, he was staggeringly beautiful.
"You're fine" he smiled, tempted to reach out to trace the knuckles of Sherlock's gloved hand. "I'm sorry, I'm just finding all of this difficult to cope with, I know that's no excuse but-"
"I did." Sherlock said against John's lips. He hooked a leg over John's hip, their groins slotting against each other.
"So what do we do?" The exhaustion was evident in the doctor's voice as he turned away from the window finally, hands on his hips, facing Sherlock.
"So you understand- I...we can't do this anymore, Sherlock" John scratched at his chin, avoiding eye contact.
"I have two exams left, can you wait?" He asked with urgency, John seemingly sensing the seriousness of his words from the manic expression on his face. "We can get away, somewhere Mycroft won't find us-"
He felt John's experienced tongue at the trail of hair leading from his navel to his groin, hidden underneath his boxers. The teacher sucked a mark into Sherlock's hipbone as he worked his boxers and bottoms down his legs until Sherlock could kick them off the bed.
"When are you going to tell me the thing you have so desperately trying to hide these past weeks?" Mycroft waves his hand nonchalantly.
He sipped silently at the cool spirit in his hand, taking in the new information, and watching Mycroft's hardened expression turn gradually to that of an exhausted man.
"Why are you wasting your time with a boring old biddy like me anyway?  I doubt you've been in this area of the school for a good few years, too busy slaving away in that science department of yours."
The silence was loud enough to fill the void of conversation in the room between John and Sherlock as soon as the click of the door sounded.
And then there was John. Just over a week had passed since the fire, and the science side of the school had been shut off and lessons cancelled until the building was deemed safe again after sufficient repairs, this meant that he had not seen Sherlock since the fire.
Sat sodden in his damp clothes, John watched from afar as Sherlock stamped out a cigarette underneath his shoe, turned up his collar against the wind and rain and stalked away towards the main road, a silent and lone stick figure in the haze of stormy weather.
"We're leaving." he grinned with a hint of daringness in his expression that John probably would have found terrifying if it were on somebody else's face.
"I understand that, Madam, however there really aren't any other solutions I can-" The quiet voice drifted into hearing distance, as Greg hovered unsurely near the door to Mycroft Holmes' office.
"Yes, thank you...I mean, I think so." Molly replied, her nervous temperament still hadn't dissolved regardless of the longer time she had spent in the her new temp position. She hadn't spoken to Mike properly before, only a few passing hello's, but he often came across to her as keen, almost pushy.
Sherlock hummed, his eyes on John's lips, breathing heavy. He watched as John craned his neck forward, nosing at Sherlock's collar, pressing kisses at the flesh of his shoulder. The hand that was holding Sherlock's hair moved to the nape of his neck, his other hand working slowly at the buttons of the fitted dark purple shirt. "This okay?" he asked again, between kisses that were managing to fall on different pieces of skin as the fabric gradually moved away.
He lingered in the lobby of the concourse for a moment, some of his brighter students coming over to him to consolidate their answers with him. His eyes were only momentarily distracted by Sherlock's figure appearing in the double-doorway,  he appeared to have his usual air of confidence surrounding him, but John wasn't fooled by his steeled expression, his eyes worriedly traced the shape of Sherlock's hooded and blood-shot eyes, and lingered on the slouch of his shoulders which usually stood ram-rod straight and broad.
And there he was. Covered in black soot and hunched over on the floor. Clawing his way along the carpet. Trying desperately to open his eyes from the intensity of the smoke to see if it really was his teacher or if his idiotically hopeful mind was hallucinating his figure.
"Because it was scaring the year sevens with you shouting abuse at it," she clucked, shuffling back over to her trolley and retrieving said skull, placing it back into Sherlock's outstretched hands.
Sherlock stood immediately, crowding the doctor across the room and against the wall, ignoring the current buzzing of his phone on John's bed. "What?" he challenged. "You won't hesitate to what?"
Sherlock ignored the small swell of pride that rose in his chest, following the rare praise from his elder brother. "I would suggest somewhere in France, most likely somewhere on the outskirts of Paris, or possibly in Orleans..."
"How do you define the nature of these then?" Mycroft gestured to the mound of ripped photographic paper segments splayed across the table.
"Third. Actually, pull up just down the road after the roundabout." Sherlock's eyes seemed to be transfixed by something in the distance.
"Sherlock," Mycroft glances at him, eyes sharp and challenging. Sherlock scowls at him in return and continues talking.
"Mmm?" John breathed out against the chiselled lines of Sherlock's angled torso, trailing his nose along the line of his pectoral muscle, teasing his lips around a nipple.
"Father knew." He admitted. "I'm sure of it, he deduced it the second he saw us after the first time."
The older man's mouth pulled into a slow contented smile, lifting his hands above his head to grasp the headboard behind him, noticing Sherlock's eyes following the stretch of muscle in his bicep with a hooded gaze.
"Ah, bloody terrors, they are. Aren't they, Greg?" He reached over to slap Lestrade's shoulder, who was sat loosely within their circle, staring into the distance as he stirred sugar into his tea.
His eyes fluttered closed at the feeling of fire and ice flitting across his skin, Sherlock's fingers felt better than he ever could've imagined, as they traced uncertainly around the curve of his wrist.
He nudged the door open with the steel-cap of his toe, turning quickly around the corner, gun raised to fire, and came face-to-face with shelves full of beakers and pipettes.
"I specifically said not to go past that sign post!" Greg huffed, marching off towards the suited figure.
"I am here to speak to you, Doctor Watson." Mycroft raised an eyebrow, as if questioning how John didn't know this already.
"Is his brother still messing you around?" Greg asked casually, concern lacing his gaze. "Because if it gets serious, you know I used to be a copper-" he placed his own mug on the coffee table in front of them.
"Of course I trust you, I just..." he hesitated, checking his surroundings and pulling them backwards behind a pillar before stroking his hand down the side of Sherlock's face.
"I-Sherlock?" John asked, and then visibly panics, turning straight back to Lestrade as if the public services teacher could read his thoughts.
However lost the couple seemed to each other, they both subconsciously knew that their sanctuary would be painfully temporary, the moment shattering with a reverberating crash of a mop hitting the floor.
John knew Sherlock well enough to detect the undertones of hurt in his voice, but cringed nevertheless, sighing again and turning around as if not knowing where to put himself in his own home.
Sherlock turned to find a man dressed from head to toe in black, smart material, on the verge of casual dress, with a nude ear-piece concealed in his left inner ear.
John's worried face stretched into a warm smile as Sherlock quickly returned his gaze to his menu, a slight tinge to his usually pale cheeks.
"This is Molly, by the way. Molly, this is John." Lestrade gestured over to the young teacher who appeared to be daydreaming.
Lestrade nods in return, his eyes drifting over to John and Sherlock, standing apart at the bricked steps leading up to the car park.
"It seems that love makes man do strange things indeed." Sherlock uttered against John's damp lips, not realising what he was saying until he felt the older man freeze against him.
"Where were you on Monday's lesson?" John inquired, walking back over to his desk as Sherlock stood.
"Of course," Sherlock responded quietly, content to let his eyes roam John's face, full of happy surprise and something like adoration whenever he looked up to meet Sherlock's gaze.
Tilting his hips until he found the perfect angle, he took Sherlock's breath away with one particularly well aimed thrust, bringing their arousals together in the heat of the room. Sherlock's hands flew to John's hips, forcing him to grind back down against him again.
"Promise." John smiled, his arms fully wrapped around Sherlock's waist. "Now come on, I don't bite."
"I have a revision class in fifteen minutes, why don't you stay?" John pleaded softly, moving towards him and placing his hand on the desk to block Sherlock from shoving past.
John was half-way through explaining to a year seven student the importance of manners when a sharp ringing trilled through the air. He startled when recognising the sound as the fire alarm, not recalling a notice about a fire drill in the all staff email that morning.
"I came to pick up my textbook." the monotone greeted him, and the height of the young man wound around the bench to the side tables, lifted a large book from the surface and paused.
"Close enough" John laughed to himself. "His brother has already threatened me, and nothing's even happened between us yet."
Mycroft nodded thoughtfully. "Thank you for your help, Miss Riley, one of my associates will be in touch."
dull, Sherlock. There is no getting around that fact, real people are just another one of those unfortunate things that we have to deal with in life."
"Stop pretending you're some sort of alien species." he giggled in return, moving and tugging his fingers through the hair at the nape of Sherlock's neck. "You have to eat too."
Sherlock pressed his mobile phone to the sealed line of his lips, his eyes flitting over the surroundings of the spines of books in the library. He detected a familiar voice faintly drifting into his consciousness from the other side of the racks, immediately cringing when he realised that the voice belonged to Anderson.
"Okay." John returned, pausing for a second to press a chaste kiss to the student's lips, his hand bracing his face.
There was a fragile silence that spread between the two men, the fading sound of rainfall becoming a faint background noise. Silently, Sherlock walked John backwards a few steps to a large chopped tree trunk big enough for two, and sat down next to him on it.
Considering throwing a shoe at the face of one of his assistants in the hopes it would make him feel slightly better, instead Mycroft ran a hand over his face and sighed. "Fine, call a car around for me." he said with a dismissive hand-wave and heard footsteps hasten away on the stained wooden floors.
Sherlock distracts himself from counting each individual square tile on the ceiling (56 and counting) and interrupts. "This is really of the most unnecessary-"
Feel free to leave any comments with your thoughts and feelings about this new chapter (as long as they're good ones!) I love getting all of your feedback.
"It's something that I have come to believe, from my experiences- that it is easier to expect the worst from people, so when they inevitably let you down, I find it to be less of a tedious drama."
"Yeah?" he breathed, moving until he was no longer chest height with Sherlock but face to face, seizing him with a fierce and controlling kiss, his tongue pressing insistently against Sherlock's. He placed his hands either side of Sherlock's head, swinging a leg over so he was positioned in the younger man's lap.
"Okay." Sherlock pulled over abruptly, switching lanes until he was able to access the hard-shoulder.
John let out a puff of air, "Wow, feels like centuries," he laughed. "Not long actually, I came here after being relieved from military duty so- a couple of years ago I trained to teach."
"You do realise I was joking about the kilt, right?" John folded his arms, staring at his lover incredulously.
"Oh do shut up." Sherlock folded his arms. "You both mistake my disregard for the importance of other human beings as a portrayal of self-love, I just can't stand to be within half a metre of any of those living breathing morons."
"Sherlock, what is wrong? You are moping around like a puppy who's had his tail stepped on" Mrs Hudson tutted, pushing the sweeping brush in a circle around him as he sat refusing to move to accommodate her cleaning.
Sherlock misses another two and a half lessons in the next week, and John is concerned by the content that he is missing, no matter how much of a genius he claims to be.
"You can't be seen anywhere with me, my very existence and presence near you threatens your career. You lie to your friends about me- to Lestrade, to Stamford, you don't answer calls from family in the worry they'll ask you if you have a new girlfriend yet-"
"How have you been?" The doctor asked, Sherlock repressed his smirk at typical caring John and let his arm push against the brick wall, his long fingers tracing the indents of dried cement, picking at the sharp corners of brick.
His feet carried him to the centre stairwell, which he quickly bound down, his coat billowing out behind him. It was approaching the end of the school day, and an irritating voice in the back of Sherlock's head warned him that he should arrive home soon to avoid being kidnapped, tortured, or worse as leverage by whomever was threatening Mycroft at that particular moment in time.
The truth was, that he couldn't face going in, seeing Sherlock's face and forcing himself not to let his usual smile fill his own face, because he couldn't anymore. He couldn't put himself and possibly Sherlock in danger.
"Mycroft, have you had one wink of sleep in the last 48 hours?" Greg stood with his arms folded in the doorway of Mycroft Holmes' study, watching the tired man pulling together piles of paper and sliding them into files. They'd began that morning with interviewing useless 'witnesses' who had claimed to see the escaped pair in a variety of places all over the UK. Mycroft had deemed all sources useless after the final candidate, and retired to his study leaving Greg with the rest of the crew.
"Obvious, John. I'm the only one who knows where we're going." Sherlock frowned at him, questioning the idiocy of the average human brain.
"Mycroft Holmes" they shook hands. "Are you the teacher that retrieved my brother from the fire? I believe I ought to express my utmost gratitude-"
Two days later, John stared blearily at the bottom of his empty cup, sliding around the remaining sugary contents of his tea.
" Sherlock took his cock in hand and stroked quickly, pulling himself towards orgasm as John's mouth moved over his balls.
John bit out a bitter laugh, completely done with  anything Sherlock had to say. He pushed off from the wall and stormed off in the direction of the school.
John let Sherlock's words sink in, shocked to find that they were  infused with truth that he hadn't even noticed before. He had become so obsessed with trying to remain as normal as possible, that he'd convinced himself his act was impenetrable. As usual, he had obviously underestimated Sherlock Holmes.
They arrived home drenched through to their skins. The slowness of their pace as Sherlock helped John stumble home, combined with the sudden opening of the heavens once they reached the lip of the forest, made for an extremely soggy walk back to the cottage.
"Why? Is this an interview?" He replied sharply in return, noticing that there was no seat for Mycroft who stood smirking. "I'm sorry, Mr Holmes, but I don't quite see why I'm here."
Hearing the news of Mrs Jacobsen's inevitable refusal to teach the 'horrific Sherlock Holmes' any longer, Sherlock celebrated internally and simultaneously deflated, as this meant she was likely to be replaced with an even more unexciting and equally obese excuse for a teacher with their own predictable life troubles to accompany them.
He found himself nearing John's classroom, hovering outside by the window, he caught sight of the teacher. But he was not alone.
"I can't do this-" John blurted, "I can't keep jumping out of my skin every time I realise we're standing too close, or within ear-shot of some other teacher-"
He looked into John's eyes with a question, to which John nodded in reply, his hands now safely in his jean pockets.
Sherlock took a breath and spoke through gritted teeth. "I am not defining anything! There is nothing
"Fine," he hissed, muttering under his breath about the unimportance and irrelevance of tutor sessions. He followed Lestrade up to his classroom and slumped into his usual seat opposite his tutor's.
The lack of expression in the cold voice on the other end of the line only terrified the superintendant more.
"Then don't," Sherlock insisted immediately, reaching for the fabric of John's jumper, his fingers landing on the strip of buttons down the centre. "Leave with me, John-"
"Oi, there's a lot of things you don't know about me, I'll have you know." he grabbed at Sherlock's hand as he swayed past him towards the wardrobe, pulling him onto the bed next to him.
"I am clearly not being melodramatic, since you have just been suspended for the second time this month. It is only the 10th."
"I don't aim to be." he said quietly, looking down his own hand trapped in John's. "Nobody has ever wanted to know for the sake of knowing, most only want information to exploit."
"What was your first impression of me?" John asked, his face peeking up from under Sherlock's arm around him.
"Take a seat, John." Mycroft insisted, and the doctor noticed a lone foldout chair perched upon the asphalt.
"Sherlock-" John pleaded, his eyes trying to meet Sherlock's gaze, the one which was trained murderously on the other student in the room.
"Look, Greg. I understand your situation, I really do. You and John have always been good mates, it's only natural you'd want to defend him. But surely you can understand how serious this is?"
"Because you shouldn't be walking home on your own at this time of night. If you feel uncomfortable with being in a car alone with me then I can contact somebody who can come and pick you up, or call a taxi, if you'd like-"
John frowned at the pair in the distance, seeing Sherlock cradling something fluffy to his chest with both hands cupped, long legs carrying him quickly away from Greg, who looked red in the face stumbling after him and waving his hands in the air.
Greg moved closer to Mycroft, peering over his shoulder as the cold grey eyes scanned mechanically over 30 or so passport photographs, all of them looking startlingly similar to Sherlock's day to day appearance. A few workers jumped in their seats at the sound of the first crash, as Mycroft pushed insignificant boards onto the floor, his arms moving quickly until they paused mid-air, hovering over one on the top line.
Greg's eyes lit up with unquestionable anger, just about to lapse into a well-deserved lecture when a tall man appeared quite literally from nowhere.
The teacher would have been tricked by Sherlock's usual monotonic voice if it hadn't cracked on the last syllable of his name, wavering and fading out to a thin silence in which John finally realised the heartbreaking insecurities of the young man he was falling head over heels for.
"Did you have anything in mind?" John asked, watching the delicious pull of muscles in Sherlock's bare back as he walked away from him. He put his arms behind his head, leant back against the headboard and stared at his toes moving under the sheet.
Sherlock growled again, his hands moving to John's chest, pinning him back again when he tried to move forward and out of his grasp.
A vibration under his thigh startled the doctor out of his thoughts, the metal of his phone felt warm to his touch when he slid his thumb across the screen.
My sincerest apologies for the amount of time it has been since my last update. Life very much got in the way, but it seems to be co-operating now, and we are now nearing the end of Fire and Ice!
Apologies for the slow update, its been the UK equivalent of finals at university for me over the past few months so I've had no time to continue the story. But now I'm free to write!
Sherlock stared back at Lestrade as if he had just asked him to time-travel back in time and change history. Lestrade simply raised his eyebrows, pushing a pen towards his student until the boy frowned down at the paper and began to scribble one-worded statements.
He held himself up above Sherlock, rotating his hips in delicious circles, crotch to crotch, the head of his cock jutting out from the confines of his boxers to meet the leaking head of Sherlock's own member. "Sh-Shit, Sherlock.
"He looks about early 20s, same as me- " She shook her head. "Gosh, when I was eighteen I still looked thirteen."
"That's quite enough-" Mycroft snapped finally, towering over his brother, instantly worried at the familiar flames of daringness he could see in Sherlock's eyes.
"Have we established that I am fine without these sessions yet?" Sherlock groaned, face down on the table where he sat.
"None other than my own deductions," Mycroft sighed, finally turning in his chair after the relentless questions from the man across from him. "Sherlock would have wanted to get as far away as possible without leaving the country as they would definitely have been caught at borders upon doing so if they were to escape abroad, thus, the furthest place possible? Scotland."
"Just try to be more careful, okay?" John sighed, pulling away from the close proximity they had just shared, suddenly nervous that it had been witnessed.
"Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don't you think?" The suited man continued, his head tilted back, eyes rapidly scanning the ceiling.
"I don't know," John turned back to the mirror to admire his new moustache. "I kind of like it, it's growing on me I think."
The stretch of fitted material over the muscles of his chest was tenting the shirt somewhat, buttons straining slightly; and John was having a difficult time remembering that Sherlock was his student, since he looked like he had just stepped off a model runway, his dark curls tousled by the wind, cheekbones sharp as ever, but his eyes soft and focused.
He was just jotting down notes from his observations of the breaking down of chemical compounds when the cleaner entered, propping the door open with her mop. The petite old woman was startled to see Sherlock, a silent and unmoving presence in the dimly lighted room, but her eyes lit up with recognition when Sherlock lifted his head.
Greg held his breath as Mycroft outstretched his arm towards him, CD in hand, offering it out to Greg's absent hands that hovered by his stomach. Upon closer inspection, Greg could see Mycroft's refined scrawl in black marker, that the CD was titled
Anderson had been praised by John three times already that lesson, and Sherlock had hated every minute of it.
He patted his back pocket to find the shape of his phone, thumbing it open and beginning to dial in a local taxi number, when the other man spoke up.
With an exasperated look to the ceiling, John leaned his head back. "Well, I hate to say I told you so but..."
The force of Stamford's clap shook Greg's arm, almost spilling the hot liquid all into his lap, he steadied it, shooting a small glare to Mike's shoes, and then plastered on his usual fake smile. "Hmm? Yeah. Nightmare."
"I mean- one minute he's ripping the shit out of you, telling you this and that about everyone you've ever known and-" Greg paused, taking a swig of his water and gesticulating in wonder "- how both your brother's neighbours are drug addicts and your girlfriend has cheated on you twice this month, and the next he's running off like Indiana Jones on an adventure and saving the life of a fucking dying animal!"
John didn't quite know how to respond to this, until he realised his mistake. "Oh...do you have a boyfriend, then?"
"You shouldn't feel guilty, you know." Greg said, watching the exhaustion in the other man's features, the miniscule slouch of his spine, the single crease in his shirt, somehow knowing by now that even these tiny discrepancies were hugely out of place for Mycroft Holmes.
"Doctor John Watson," Mycroft tested the name on his tongue for a moment, rapidly flicking his eyes over John's approaching frame, deducing the man's emotions from the expressions on his face.
"So, what are you doing when you get home tonight?" John asked finally, snapping the genius out of his brainstorm..
John felt as though someone had filled his shoes with lead, stood unmoving as if Sherlock had pinned him straight to the spot with just one look. "I'm sorry," John said quietly, knowing the world wasn't there to listen. "About the bird"
Both of John's hands were pressed to Sherlock's face and neck, and Sherlock found himself migrating onto his stomach, one of his legs between John's, until he sat up and forced Sherlock backwards. Their kiss deepened once again as Sherlock moved onto John's lap, feeling the heat of the room surrounding them and stubbornly ignoring the desire to lift John's shirt over his head and just touch.
Greg wondered if this is what Sherlock's childhood was like, if Mycroft's childhood was like this too, the latter only echoing his father's behaviour with no idea how to function after being suddenly orphaned and left with the responsibility of another human at such a young age himself. Greg's heart suddenly ached for the pair of irritating sods.
"Look- I can't imagine how you feel, they disappeared without a trace. But- If I can be of any assistance I will try my hardest to help you." He watched the tired man lift his head, "Besides, from how Sherlock goes on about you, I think he's more likely to get in contact with me first. John too for that matter."
"John," he hissed, keeping his voice down due to the open door. "Those classes are for imbeciles! I refuse to be deemed as the same standard as the scum of the school."
"Until we arrive?" he asked, feeling an electric energy buzzing from John's skin, the rolled up sleeves of his jumper had exposed his toned forearms, which were covered in goose-bumps. "A couple more hours, yet."
"Don't give me an opportunity to insult your intellect," the suited man leant back. "Despite your disposition, you are an intelligent man. What do you think I am asking you?"
Sherlock scowled. "What is the point of laws? They make everything so pointless." He eyed John's fingers.
Sherlock had since leaving the restaurant, unbuttoned his shirt to chest level, rolled up his sleeves and cracked the window open on the driver's side to let in some air-flow. He looked out from under his dishevelled curls, falling long and dark over his forehead, rustled by the wind. "We're almost there."
"Sherlock-" the teacher interrupted firmly, trying to keep his voice down as more people filed into the canteen for the beginning of lunch. "This is all very- romantic- really, and spontaneous and thoughtful but-"
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. "You've just been dumped by your adulterous long-term girlfriend."
He made it a point to not look anybody in the eye as he descended the steps of the plane, sniffing rudely even at the air hostesses who were their usual irritating and jolly selves stood at the exits wishing him a safe journey home.
He nodded hesitantly at John's words, lifting himself off of the teacher's lap. "What would you like to do today?" he asked, pulling on a fresh pair of boxer-briefs and walking towards their en-suite.
Mycroft physically sagged in his seat, a deep sigh deflating his chest as he brought a perfectly manicured hand to his forehead. Greg felt a sudden twang of pity for the man. The youth of his features suddenly betrayed his spectacular level of intelligence.
"Don't you dare-" John yanked him back by his sleeve with slightly too much force. "We're not done. Now shut up, sit down and listen." He ordered, and Sherlock was surprised to hear John's authoritive 'teacher' voice ordering him.
John smiled sadly for a moment, pulling against the magnetic field that was pushing his outstretched hand towards Sherlock's.
"I'm afraid so, sir." his assistant replied, avoiding all eye contact in order to not be at the end of Mycroft's foul mood.
After no texts or calls, or strange methods of communication such as ridiculously posh cars pulling up outside his house, or notes suddenly appearing on his fridge signed with the letter 'M', Greg had decided to take matters into his own hands, calling a cab and sitting cross-armed in the back in some sort of petulant sulk until the car pulled up to the white pillared apartment. He tried not to raise his eyebrows at the fee as he handed the money over to the cabbie, accepting his change, and stepping foot onto the pavement outside the lofty black front door.
"Of course it's growing on you, that is usually how facial hair works, John." Sherlock teased, turning to exit the en-suite, being met with the sharp snap of John's towel on his behind and a following yelp of surprise.
"There is no point in insulting Mycroft's intelligence by dropping me off around the corner from my house, John. He has known all this time where I've been and with whom." Sherlock sighed, flapping his hand at John until he pulled away from the kerb and continued to drive further down the road in pursuit of Sherlock's house.
"No, but I do now have the potential to sentence a corrupt political leader in Islamabad to exile. How was school?"
Sherlock broke his gaze with a frustrated noise, and John immediately missed the tenderness he'd caught in Sherlock's icy blue eyes. "What?" he chuckled, finally bringing his hand up to Sherlock's face, settling the backs of his fingers against Sherlock's cheek.
He caught the sight of a figure out the corner of his eye, a tall man in a dark coat pressed with his back solidly against the brick wall of the back building. John had to squint through the rain to see if he recognised him.
"Yes. I'm calling to tell you that your gym appointment has been set back to 2.20pm. There's work to be done, I'd like you to assist."
"I'm beginning to realise that, Sherlock, but-" he sighed. "I just don't think it's really the right time to be waltzing off into the sunset."
John paused, cup of tea half way to his mouth, and slowly lowered his mug.  "Please try not to get yourself suspended, it really doesn't look good on your record, Sherlock."
Sherlock's head tilted, watching colour seep into John's cheeks, who had abruptly quietened, staring hard at the wall behind Sherlock's head.
For once, Sherlock was silent. He scanned John's bookshelves, his walls, even the ceiling, his eyes taking in the intricacies of John's home. "I wasn't under the assumption that there was anything going on in the first place."
"Don't look so serious, John. I'm only asking. It just seems to be that you're one of the only people who can get through to him most of the time." he settled back in his seat, scratching at the tightness of the watch around his wrist. "God knows I can't."
"John?" he offered the packet to the shell-shocked man before him, attempting to send him a look that said
Sherlock frowned in return, moving closer to Dr Watson's desk. "I don't know. That's the frustrating part"
"Walking," Sherlock slid his hands into his pockets and pulled out his new leather gloves, slipping them onto his frozen fingers.
Sherlock cursed under his breath and reaches for his only tie, skinny black patterned silk, one his mother had bought him years ago for his birthday after he had started to dress up in suits similar to his father's and Mycroft's.
Sherlock grins and shoves his phone down as far into his deep pocket as it will go, returning to picking the lock of the laboratory door.
"Do you want my number?" Greg blurted out, settling the mug back down on his desk, and almost slapping himself straight away, "I mean- uh- you know, to call me- if you decide to use me. Not use me like that, I mean, utilise me."
Sherlock stooped to John's height, pressing his lips against the other man's. He felt a hand at the back of his head straight away, fingers threading through his curls and another curving around the slant of his neck, thumb resting underneath his adam's apple.  He felt his feet moving his body even closer to John's on their own accord.
"Excuse me?" Anderson snorted, turning his entire body around in his chair to face the accusing voice coming from his left.
Long tentative fingers fell onto his skin as if by magic, and John couldn't remember ever feeling so intensely captured in bed with any other lover before. Sherlock grounded him. He stared up at the face above him, clearly enthralled, eyes piercing and curious as a newborn baby, and John couldn't find it in him to feel self conscious under his gaze, if anything it calmed him.
Sherlock squinted slightly, focussing on the figure. "She's young, just out of university studying forensic science. Only child, recent break-up and enjoys dissections. She joined two days ago, reduced timetable, she's on a teacher training course, acting as a TA for the next 3 months until returning to Milton Keynes in April."
The youngest Holmes was stood at one of John's upstairs bay windows, staring out onto the street-light lit road, staying silent as the darkness swept over the day. They'd wandered aimlessly for a while, leant against the walls of John's hallway and chatted, weaved their way through the rooms upstairs.
Seeming to find something in John's words, Sherlock sprung forward to capture John's lips against his own. Surprised by the reaction of his partner, John eagerly pressed back, attempting to match Sherlock's erratic pace.
"Come here," he said quietly, his legs apart, arms outstretched, and Sherlock moved cautiously towards him, stood with his unsure hands at his sides until John wrapped his arms around his flat stomach and buried his face into the soft cotton of Sherlock's grey t-shirt. "You okay?" he mumbled.
"I spent a lot of time in the forest." Sherlock's knuckles brushed against John's where their hands dangled side by side. "There's never anybody around, it was perfect for me as a child."
"Oh Sherlock, dear?" Mrs Hudson called from the other room. "Could you give me a hand with this? I can' t reach it."
"Please." Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat and resolutely ignored the logical voice in his head demanding him to shut himself off to this vulnerability, to straighten up and walk out, to not get involved. He realised soon after that the voice remarkably resembled his brother's.
"Sir! Can you come here please?" John was distracted by three girls from his biology class, who were stood looking extremely confused. He nodded and walked towards them, his hands in his pockets, looking wistfully back to Lestrade's retreating figure towards Sherlock.
A week later, John's classroom is returned to him, and lessons resume as normal. Even though there had been little-to-no fire damage to John's room, all science classrooms had been decked out with the newest high-standard equipment, which meant inevitably that Sherlock spent his entirety of his free time dwelling there.
Both men resolutely ignore the brush of fingertips that the radio decisions had caused, John listening intently to the new genre of music that Sherlock had introduced him to.
When Sherlock was predictably reminded that he would be working alone again by the vacant stares he was receiving from the eyes around him, he stretched back in his seat and then pulled his textbooks closer on his desk to send a clear message of the wish to be left alone.
Becoming overwhelmed with information and frustrated at himself for not being able to handle it or store it effectively, Sherlock headed out the double doors into the drizzle of rain, to light a cigarette and pretend that today had not happened.
"I'm not going to stop trying, Mycroft. Because you need to think about something other than finding Sherlock, looking for Sherlock, worrying about Sherlock. I can see what this is doing to you, and it's only been a few days since I got involved."
" he thrusted upwards as soon as John's hand fell to the bulge in his trousers, rubbing tentatively at the head of Sherlock's cock and feeling for the curved outline with his fingers.
"Pleased to meet you" John reached out a hand towards him, firmly shaking Mycroft's cold hand and then returning to his normal stance.
?" Mycroft scoffed, folding his napkin into an even triangle. "I don't need perspective, I need him to stop being such a
When he entered his classroom, managing to deposit his box on his desk and fall back into his chair before he collapsed from exhaustion, he eventually realised a difference.
of all people, the only person he had let in for years, his throat still felt caught, restricted, thick with dastardly emotion. He recalled the first time he laid eyes upon the trademark smirk he'd become so accustomed to over the month that he was involved with the boy.
"Then which way?" he asked impatiently, confusing seeped into the irises that were trained solely on John's.
After John had fulfilled his amount of enjoyment of quizzing Sherlock on famous characters from film and television for the day, to which he knew very few, conversation turned to the more serious topic on John's mind.
"Let's eat."  he said, his eyes soft. One of his fingers brushed John's knuckles as he reached for the menu.
"Huh?" John shook himself out of his daze, the teachers and assistants were leaning against a farmer's fence, surrounded by students' neglected bags thrown haphazardly onto the long grass.
Thankfully, most of the time, Greg was captain oblivious, so John had no problem avoiding giving any further more risqué details that could expose the fact that it was Sherlock Holmes he was talking about; Greg's rather opinionated, loud and insanely intelligent student, the one Greg had the smallest soft spot for, but would never admit to his face to spare the boy the ego-boost.
"You gonna buy anything then?" A voice broke through his daydream, a voice belonging to a teenage girl sat at the counter chewing gum loudly and filing her pink nails, one ear pressed to a mobile phone on her shoulder. Greg sighed again, shook his head and went straight for the exit.
Greg hesitated before pushing, turning to face John more directly. "Come on, you don't have to put on a brave face with me, what's on your mind?"
"Kevin Lynch," Sherlock spoke when they were sat across from each other on John's bed. "What's his story?"
Sherlock merely offered an empty glare at him in return, secretly just glad that he had managed to make John feel even the tiniest better than he was feeling beforehand. Sherlock Holmes saw that as a win.
"Where is your car now?" Sherlock asked after a moment's silence, staring at John's exposed throat and the bob of his adam's apple as his head hung back over the edge of his chair, feet up on his desk.
He considered for the fifth time that night, going out to purchase something to keep his brain from tearing him apart. Something that would slow him down, would let him rest and give him the answers he never knew he needed.
"An item? But...nothing ever happened--" he trailed off, thinking back to their behaviour around each other. He'd only managed to catch a few furtive glances that immediately sprung to the forefront of his memory, but apart from that, his brain was struggling to force the concept of the rumours actually being
"Jesus, Sherlock" he shook his head. "What were you thinking? There are fire alarms for a reason, you know, what if I hadn't gone in after you? What if someone had managed to stop me?"
"Yes." Mycroft replied, rotating his head slightly until an audible crack sounded from his protesting spine and neck.
He had never had such an interest in a student before, even just generally. His job gave him purpose in his previously lone life and he took the good days along with the bad, but he had never singled any student out. Then what was he doing with Sherlock?
John almost giggled at the situation he was in, he had a fellow teacher pretty much encouraging him to go for a student they both taught. If only he knew.
"What does it say?" John crowded closer to his shoulder to see the screen and began reading the text aloud.
Before John had even pulled into a space, Sherlock was opening the door and bounding out, jumping the wooden gate in front of them and landing in the outskirts of a large field of tall grass. "Sherlock!"
"I'm sure I don't need to assure you that if you plan to continue your relationship with Sherlock Holmes, you will find yourself suffering under degrees of extreme difficulty by the end of the week."
"What were you doing down there?" John asked, rubbing at his damp hair with a towel. Sherlock watched the water drip down the doctor's muscled chest, struck with desire but hesitancy to touch.
"Oh let me guess, you'll have me stalked by brainless and insolent secret service agents for the next few weeks until you have enough information to amuse you."
"Shut up." Sherlock grouched, reaching for his violin to play something horrendous until Mycroft leaves.
"I see I couldn't convince you with a display of emotion, which is unfortunately the most predictably successful method of gaining answers or consent from people in today's idiotic society. That is fine. I will simply be forced to forge your signature on the permission form." Sherlock glared at Lestrade, rising from his seat and moving to the doorway.
Once he felt satisfied with having spoken to the majority of his students, John began to break away from the retreating shapes, who were returning to their lessons or in the direction of the common room. He knew that Sherlock would probably have gone in search of caffeine, and headed to the canteen, which was just on the verge of opening up for lunch-time. Sure enough, he spotted the figure lounged in one of the chairs of an empty table, his curly hair appearing more mop-like than usual with the smallest of curls wound around the shape of his ears and smattered jaggedly along the nape of his neck. John was hit with a wall of desire to kiss along said hairline, and distracted himself with heading through to the coffee machine.
Mycroft says nothing to him on his return, he'd expected Sherlock to be late and as usual, he was right to predict so.
"What do you want?" he asked, voice deeper with arousal than Sherlock had ever heard it, as he nipped at the younger man's earlobe.
"More likely you than me." Mycroft squinted with a curl of a smile, it was humourless, and Greg wondered for the hundredth time at the nature of Sherlock and his brother's strange relationship.
"My house is closer. You may use the guest bedroom." he said, clearly uncomfortable with the surprising kindness of his gesture, and hoping silently that Lestrade wouldn't make a big fuss of it.
"The colour black is a metaphor for your wounded tortured soul and the evolution of decay you face yourself dwelling in. How poetic." Mycroft smirked and moved his bishop.
"What- Sherlock. I can't just leave, neither can you! You have exams, your lessons, your whole future,"
"Are you finished?" he looked back at John and asked impatiently, fingers curled tightly around the steering wheel.
Sherlock turned slowly as if suspicious he was being tested, staring at the man in front of him for a moment before shaking his head. "Not really my area."
The ex-detective was unsure of why this change in behaviour had such an apparent effect on him, why was he sat moping with nothing to do simply because Mycroft had stopped calling on him every five minutes? His life didn't revolve around the man.
"You know vandalism against CCTV cameras is a crime. Are you deliberately trying to irritate me? Or did you just smash the lens in order to conceal evidence of you entering Dr Watson's home?"
"I know." Sherlock's baritone replied, and his face came into view briefly before he was leaning in to kiss the corner of John's mouth.
"I can help you with your Biology studies, Sebastian, but anything more than that would be inappropriate." John said firmly from his corner, folding his arms across his chest, which only allowed Sebastian to appreciate the delicious stretch of muscle in John's biceps and chest.
Sherlock sniffed and sat backwards on to one of the lab chairs, crossing his legs and raking his eyes over John to the point where he felt self-conscious.
"John," Sherlock nodded to him, and John checks the door is closed, so nobody can hear the agreed use of his first name by one of his students.
"You don't believe in God." John chuckled, smiling against his skin before Sherlock managed to flip them over, rolling the teacher onto his back. There was a brief pause as Sherlock sat back on his knees above his teacher, eyes roaming over John's torso, following the trail of hair that lead tantalisingly underneath the waistband of John's boxers and jeans.
"You should've seen it, mate. Never felt so old in my life, she had some strapping 20 year old builder in a vest top on her arm. Tattoo sleeves, tight jeans, I tell ya, I feel like a ancient relic." Greg shook his head, downing the last of his beer.
The official decision had been made that evening by Chief Superintendent Martins to send out double the force of agents that night to the younger Holmes' typically favoured hiding places, turning them upside down in the hopes they would find him amongst one of them.
John took his hand, pulling him towards the closest door and hoping it lead back to the hallway, desperately trying to ignore the visible bulge in his trousers in favour of focusing on any kind of rational thought with such little blood going to his brain.
"Har-har, very funny." John responded with a half-hearted glare. "What's that?" he asked after a brief pause, noticing a bulge of fabric underneath Sherlock's arm, positioned more towards his back, hidden from view.
John felt heat rising up the back of his neck and rushed to scratch at it, keeping his face tilted downwards. "Yeah, I -uh...I don't know either. Bizarre."
He sighed, his eyes like muted sapphire shot through with amber-gold and whitish grey undertones moved to Sherlock's face, lingered and then closed. Sherlock reached out and felt for John's elevated pulse in his thick wrist.
The line went dead and he rose to his feet, pulling the mask back down over his face and holstering his gun, heading for the door.
"Indeed," Sherlock hollowed his cheeks on the inhale, swaying his weight to the other foot and sliding his hand into his suit trouser pocket, canting his hips slightly forward and saying nothing in return.
While John's brain was screaming at him for sleep, his body swayed unintentionally more towards Sherlock's moving figure. "You're going home too I hope? You can't stay here-"
Mycroft turned to address the dishevelled man, only to be met with a soft exhale of "Oh, I-sorry," the man shook his head in what seemed to be confusion, and looked to the floor, then straight back into Mycroft's eyes.
After fiddling with the cheap and probably broken lock, Sherlock let them both into an unimpressive room which neither of them cared enough about to notice. Sherlock was thrown off guard by the domesticity of the roles they immediately fell into, taking turns in the small bathroom whilst the other got changed for bed and moved their bags into the bedroom.
"Stephen Spielberg?" John paused for a moment, seeing the clueless look on Sherlock's face, and giggled. "Never-mind. Where are we?"
"You're going." John doesn't bother gritting his teeth, he sing-songs his replies, knowing full well that Sherlock would eventually cave in and attend after sulking about it for a couple of days anyway.
More quickly than John could remember, they were met by the light of the sky, the freshness of the wind forcing itself into their lungs, causing Sherlock to begin a violent coughing fit, both of them being moved straight over to the ambulance on site.
The garish purple curtains seemed to hurt Sherlock's eyes even in the darkness, he frowned and tucked his head under his own arm, burying deeper into his pillow as John watched him.
Fighting an overwhelming urge to pull out a cigarette from the depths of his coat pockets, he found himself swaying on his feet, stuck to the pavement where the cabbie had left him. How could he face Mycroft now? He needed to protect John at all costs, which meant not allowing his brother to know anything that could potentially put John's job in danger. Which is why 10 minutes later he was jimmying up the drain-pipe attached to the back wall of the mansion-like-house, picking the simple lock of his bedroom window and sliding in without much effort at all.
"As you probably already know, Sherlock has been issued with another suspension, this time of three days away from school."
Doctor Watson was waiting outside the hall when his biology students began to file out, chatting amongst themselves about questions and answers. He zeroed in on a few worried looking faces, mostly all the ones he had expected to do less than brilliantly from recent mock results, and attempted to comfort them down from verging panic attacks with the assurance that it was all over now and all they could do was wait until results day.
He often felt quite positive he was about to develop heart-shaped pupils, or that he would begin burping actual butterflies from the swarm in his stomach, whenever he thought about the world's most intelligent and captivating human who was waiting for him at the end of each day.
John was sitting on the side of the bed in his navy boxers and a white t-shirt staring at his own hands when Sherlock exited the en-suite and turned off the light. He stared at the older man looking back at him with uncertainty, thankful for the calming aura John was clearly attempting to emanate. The bed-side lamp emitted a dimmed glow, bathing John's warm features with a pale yellow tinge, highlighting the softness of his features and contrasting the gunmetal blue of his eyes.
Mycroft's gaze landed on the very same armchair which hadn't moved in years, currently occupied by a bright-eyed, ash-haired ex-inspector with laugh lines framed by long lashes as opposed to the tall but plump balding man who had once frequented the chair. His eyes fell to the worn fabric at the armrest, fraying seams and thread where his father had constantly dug his fingernails in, an anxious habit of his. He passed over the glass.
He passed Sherlock at the end, sliding his paper onto his desk where his long fingers were taking his pen apart, piece by piece.
Desperately trying not to dwell too much on the weight he felt at the bottom of his stomach at catching the two of them in such an inappropriate proximity, he raised his voice to summon John.
"And then, you should've seen the look on her face, she almost- John?" Greg poked his colleague's leg.
"You think very loudly" Sherlock spoke between their closed lips, his hand moving to John's shoulder.
John resisted placing a hand on Sherlock's moving shoulder as he crouched at his feet carefully wrapping the injured bird in his soft scarf and returned it to the safety of his chest.
Sherlock, John decided, was like a solitary storm, dark and grey but full of flashes of light and intensity, he drew John in with his darkness, with his potential of destruction. But John was always on the outside. However much he wanted to be let in.
It was the only explanation. It must've been the only reason he would allow John to style his hair for him, the only reason he sat through idiotic cultural musicals like West Side Story, which John secretly loved, and always tried hide his tears at the end by dropping his head onto Sherlock's shoulder. It explained why he
John grinned, "Good," and kissed him again, Sherlock's fingers flying to the button-zip of his jeans, tugging them down over the globes of his ass. John kicked his jeans off and returned eagerly to his lover's stomach, tongue circling patterns as his hand made its way to Sherlock's neglected cock.
Sherlock smiled as the line went dead, pocketing his phone and looking back out the window to the dark night.
John moved forward instinctively, wanting to unravel Sherlock's automatic self-detachment processes. He held out his hands almost defensively towards the boy, not noticing the open crack of the door.
"You deserve more than this," John sighed as if he were praying. "More than this secrecy, and scandal. More than what people will think and say when they find ou-"
John raised his eyebrows at the floor and hummed in agreement, dragging his gaze to the water sliding like sheets of lead down the angled panel of glass, forcing down his melancholy and making conversation with Greg about the meeting they were expected to attend that afternoon.
"You. Trying to sound authoritive, it's entertaining." Sherlock smirked at him and exhales in a curl of white smoke, hanging in the air and then drifting away.
"That's true," John agreed, pushing open the door to the back entrance, using his electronic key card to unlock the automatic doors and holding the door open for Sherlock. "You do realise it is past 5:30?"
"I wouldn't call it a talent, moreover a lack of alternative options." Sherlock smiled to him anyway, entertaining John's childish notions of fun.
Instead, he lit five cigarettes at once and attempted smoking them together, nowhere near the same high, but enough to send his brain spinning and glue him even further to the floor as the nicotine sank into his bloodstream.
The doctor wriggled off his boot carefully, feeling a sharp twist in his calf muscle, and noticing the swelling on his ankle. He frowned down at it as if it had personally offended him.
"Everything will turn out the way it should." Colin smiled at him which was obviously an attempt to reassure him, but just made Greg want to punch him in the face even more than he already did. "No need to concern yourself with this anymore. You should return to your usual schedule of teaching without wasting your time in here every morning."
The doctor's skilled hands moved to the young boy's hips, gripping and forcing, Sherlock's hands pressing down on his chest.
Surrounded by the dissipating warmth of the air, Doctor John Watson forced himself not to watch as the young man he had become so enraptured by climbed into a car sheathed in shadows.
"See you tomorrow then?" John sounded hopeful, and Sherlock rocked on his heels in response, digging his hands into his coat pockets.
"John, haven't got all day." Sherlock prompted, water running down his face in streams, hair plastered to his forehead in dark wet curls, droplets falling from his long eyelashes.
was when I was with you." he admitted, feeling Sherlock's fingertips at his wrist. "It makes all of this worthwhile. The secrecy, the running away, the potential of losing my bloody job. I'd do it all again in a heartbeat."
"Did you ever try to make friends, Sherlock?" John asked quietly, genuinely interested in the answer.
"Show me." he demanded, following the young assistant out of the office, leaving Greg seated by his desk, inexplicably frozen.
Sherlock moved to stand behind John's figure, feeling responsible for John's reaction. "We can leave." he said immediately, "This is perfect timing."
"His mother has a lot to answer for." she chuckled to John, who nodded dumbly in return, eyes darting back to Sherlock when he re-entered the classroom with his mouth and hands full of ginger-nut biscuits.
Greg didn't look startled at being addressed, as if he had wanted John to ask him, which made the doctor feel slightly uneasy. "Have you seen Sherlock today?"
"Sir, we have news of a sighting at a hotel on the edge of Birmingham matching your brother's description."
"Hello to you too" Greg commented as he sorted through his tutor folders. "How's your personal statement coming along?"
"It is," he smiled, releasing some of his previous tension in the process. He felt secure under John's grip, grounded. "I used to come here as a child, my father's family is Scottish."
Mycroft's voice was insistent yet calm, almost droning, and try as he might, Sherlock couldn't detect any significant background noise indicating clues to his location, or the situation of supposed danger that his brother had found himself in. He deleted the message, as was the agreed protocol for any messages between them, considering Mycroft's government position, which sometimes put him in an ironic position of threat from angered officials of the EU or distant criminals of war, sometimes even assassin level attackers.
"Well, why don't you pull a Romeo and Juliet? Didn't they elope or something?" Greg teased, "If that's the situation you're in" he broke off laughing, taking another sip from his mug, not realising the contemplation on John's face.
"He thinks he is more intelligent than me, John, did you see the way he looked at me today, and the way he looked at
John kissed him back with fervour for a minute, his hands framing Sherlock's face, his neck, his shoulders, before rolling onto his back. Sherlock whined, following and sitting upright against the hardness in John's trousers pressing right against his clothed entrance.
Mycroft simply looked at him, his gaze lingering on the hazel of Greg's eyes. "I am his legal guardian," he said, as if that explained everything.
"Oh," John said, surprised. "What's with the clothes?" he made his way to where Sherlock stood, his eyes drifting up and down his form.
The door opened before he'd even made contact with the button, and Greg was faced with yet another smartly dressed stranger who looked him up and down once, and stepped aside with an arm gesturing further into the house.
Sherlock went still, and John feared he'd gone too far, knowing of Sherlock's difficulty to process emotion on occasion. He'd just about worked up an entire rambling apology in his head and was about to release it when Sherlock leant forward to close the gap between their lips, effectively silencing him.
He looked to John who was sporting a horrified expression on his face, quickly righting himself to face the cleaner who had just entered the room.
Sherlock cleared his throat. "You are under the assumption that I remember the name of my own teachers, let alone others in the departments of my subjects."
"What the hell are you doing?" John exclaimed, standing underneath Sherlock in preparation to catch him.
The tension in the air was thick as Sherlock returned to the front bench of the classroom, sliding backwards onto the table and letting his long legs dangle out in front, leaning back on his arms.
Greg sat speechless, shocked at Mycroft's sudden revelation. He stared at the suited man, who was staring hard at the floor.
Sherlock nodded once and rose, heading straight for the chemistry labs to purposefully avoid the student infested cafeteria.
He watched as emotion flickered across Lestrade's face and then sat entertaining the weaknesses of sentiment.
John let out a sigh of contentment, feeling Sherlock tuck his knees up against him, his body melting into John's instinctively as his face pressed into the warmth of John's collar. "I love you, you know." he said softly, relishing in the fact that he could say it aloud now.
John leant forward with a smile so proud and pure, Sherlock was sure that not even the smile of an angel herself could envy the beauty of John Watson's face staring back at him, and saying those words so unquestionably. "I love you too, you daft git."
"Come on, dumbledore." John insisted, noticing Sherlock's immediate confusion. "The beard." he explained with a sigh.
"I believe we discussed it partially on our first phone-call." The deep voice replied from below him.
Sherlock smirked, tightening his grip on the steering wheel with a glance to his partner. "Some things are better left to the imagination, John."
"I'm sure as soon as we stepped out of the door, it began to rain harder." Sherlock complained half-heartedly from beside John, their hands locked between them.
John shifted back on the bed to the far side, watching Sherlock climb on and crawl towards him atop the covers. He fell on his side next to John and obliged when John pulled him closer with an arm around his waist, placing his own hand on John's unbelievably muscled chest and gazing in wonderment at the situation he'd found himself in.
"Sherlock, I'd rather swap with you than have an accident," he stroked his hand rhythmically along the in-seam of Sherlock's trousers. "It's not a problem, come on."
"I see Lestrade still has no qualms about abandoning his I.T. class." Sherlock nodded his head to his tutor's direction, his hands in his pockets, hips slightly pushed forwards, stood at a right-angle to John who mirrored his pose.
"I was, but in my experience- anger never seems to last long with you" John sighed, straightening his stance and flexing his hands at his sides. Sherlock looked up at him.
"I meant as in muscle, too, you've definitely gained more of that. It must be those morning runs you've started doing." John crossed his own legs perpendicular to Sherlock's, their feet almost touching on the table. "And your newly obtained lumberjack skills." he grinned, his teeth white in the dim light.
The car twisted and turned around unfamiliar streets, until they ended up in a quieter and significantly grander area of central London. Greg frowned at the towering pallid terraced houses, recognising the location instantly from a sign showing
Mycroft nodded, and gestured for the other man to follow him through to the sitting room, which seemed surprisingly cosy and lived in. He sat down in the nearest seat and watched Mycroft trail to an out-of-place bar cart shoved into the corner of the room.
Sherlock was quiet, the only noise being the occasional passing of a car, or somebody's shoes crunching on the gravel, sounds trailing in from John's open box window.
"About you" Sherlock added with the toss of a sharp stone skittering against the gravel, the words ripping open the silence and knocking John's breath from his chest in the process.
"Oh?" Greg said, sliding his phone back into his pocket and gathering up his coat. "I don't think I've ever seen you drive anywhere yourself."
"Sherlock- you didn't?" He asked with disbelief, taking the jacket from his lover's hands, smoothing his fingertips over the cool leather. He looked up from admiring the surprise gift, and back up to Sherlock's nervous face. "It's gorgeous...thank you."
John nodded to a loud group of students who were filing out of reception from the Biology session he'd just taught, heading home with their backpacks and mobiles, with scattered smiles towards him.
John sat at home on a Thursday night and drowned his sorrows with a pint of beer and the discography of Bon Jovi. He didn't realise how deeply he was hooked, until it hit him that he might be attracted to one of his own students. And however hard he tried to convince himself it was wrong, he couldn't stop seeing Sherlock's face every-time he closed his eyes to block out the blinding light.
John shifted uncomfortably, reminding himself not to say too much. "Oh, uh, just- We'd be a bit of an odd couple, I think."
Sherlock rolled his eyes like a true teenager, resisting the smile that threatened to tug at his lips.
"I said no. That's final." John stood from the bed, moving in front of Sherlock to ensure he wasn't ignored.
"It's not every-day, Mycroft, stop being so melodramatic" Sherlock taps the ash onto the floor and kicks it with the toe of his shoe.
Sherlock entered and walked straight over to John, who was slumped over his desk wearing reading glasses that slid down his nose persistently every time he straightened them.
Sherlock met him at a summer camp his parents dragged him along to while Mycroft was off on some fox-hunting trip with his boarding school. It was clearly somewhere for the refined, the 52 acre stretch of land hosted golf clubs, spas and royal baths, cricket and tennis courts; anything you could possibly imagine in an upper-class lodge. Sherlock hated it.
They left Edinburgh's Tower restaurant stuffed from a three-course meal, John still moaning in utter delight over the Scottish strawberry and pistachio Eton mess they'd shared for dessert, his arm hooked through Sherlock's as he lead him back to the car.
He glared at Stamford who passed him with a deliberate laugh, carrying as much food as his chubby hands could manage from the canteen and towards his own classroom. Greg had already broken up three fights, shouted at 6 separate lads to pick up their rubbish and scolded an intimidating and large group of teenage girls when they began doodling hearts and names against the doors of lockers and walls with permanent marker.
"I just can't keep my hands off you," John said, amazed. He pulled back to look at Sherlock's face, angles and shapes envious of a supermodel's facial features, wondering how the hell he ended up with someone so unfairly gorgeous.
"What about your brother?!" John asked, his eyes darting about the street from his still open door. "The photos, he's watching us-"
"No-" He glared back stubbornly, marching away back in the direction of which they came. Greg followed, hopping over the sludge of soft mud surrounding the bank of the river.
"I am." Sherlock frowned, pushing at John's chest until he rolled onto his back and pushed himself up onto his elbows to hover over him. "Are you hungry? Isn't that something that you do...breakfast?"
It'd been only just a week since his car's decision to break down, and had then been mysteriously repaired as if upon a miracle by the end of the day, standing proudly in the same spot that he'd left it, looking if anything as though it had had an entire new paint-job and new mirrors alongside (upon inspection) an entire new engine compartment that now ran as smooth as anything.
"I am aware you previously had a career at Scotland yard. Am I correct in believing you were respectfully released after a long period of depression, causing largely un-authorised absences from work, and triggered by the suicide of your younger sister?"
He hounded Sherlock for weeks before he managed to force himself into Sherlock's bedroom. He claimed he was frustrated with Sherlock's unresponsiveness towards him, and it was the most logical solution for them to work out their 'problem' physically. Having found the most opportune time, Sherlock's temporary apartment was vacant whilst his parents were out for a club meeting, and James would touch him, always being stronger than the gangly young boy.
"Hold that thought-" Greg held out his finger, manoeuvring his way down from the bar stool. "Just nipping to the gents, back in two ticks."
"This farewell conversation isn't going how I'd pictured it." Greg frowned, a sparkle of humour in his eyes that Sherlock was all too familiar with by now.
"Would you like something to drink?" he asked over his shoulder, padding barefoot to the kitchen with a lightness in his chest he hadn't felt in an extremely long time.
"Some days will be better than others, but you're making progress. You need to try not to bury it." He advised, twirling some of Sherlock's curly hair around his forefinger.
