I do not know anything auditory neuropathy or if that is even a fitting diagnosis. I´ve done some "google" research, and you can read more about it here: http://www.nidcd.nih.gov/health/hearing/pages/neuropathy.aspx
Sophie Barnes stops. Hesitates. Why isn’t the dog’s owner telling it to shut up? It’s going to wake up the entire neighborhood soon. Could it be injured?
It fills the cab with the smoky voice of a female singer. It allows him to maintain the last shards of his dignity, since Sherlock has taken so much of it already. And while the cabbie drove aimlessly around London, John quietly weeps into his hands.
John feels a coil tighten in his chest, his throat suddenly dry and he swallows down his frustration.
“Bleed a lot?”Doctor Coleman cranes his neck as if the answer to Lestrade’s question is written in the ceiling.
The sun is creeping slowly higher on the wall by the time Sherlock finishes reading. He’s staggered by a sudden wave of apprehension as several things falls to place in his mind. It’s like those first, painful jabs of withdrawal. Tiresome at first, but growing to a cacophony of agonizing pain and the only thing he could hear is the roaring thunder of pounding blood in is ears.
“I…” John starts, his gaze darting to DI Dregs. The detective inspector runs a finger slowly across his mustache, his eyebrows raising to his hairline before he gives John the barest nod of permission and he schools his features again.
They are standing close enough to lend some familiarity between them, talking, though Sherlock isn’t close enough to distinguish any words. Occasionally John’s eyes would flit to the gathering of children, while the stranger’s eyes would glance at his phone. The tall man is standing at ease in a way that only soldiers do (no tan lines, he has not been oversees in several years. A slight hunch to his left shoulder suggests an old injury.) Maybe an old army mate of John’s, then, even if the man’s hairstyle cannot possible abides regulation. Sherlock goes through the mental list of John’s acquaintances, only to remember that he doesn’t know this John any more. John could have made plenty of new friends in the past few years. Sometimes John’s like a Labrador, friendly with everyone.
“I hope you don't mind me tracking you down like this,” Glen Reese says cheerfully as he settles down in the visitor’s plastic chair. “I just thought we might talk. Just the two of us.”
“Until then, you need to watch him. Don’t give him anything to eat or drink.”
Later, John will be grateful that his body knows how to take over when his brain is unable to function and that the voice of his first aid instructor is suddenly loud and precise in his head, reminding him that he is a doctor and that the correct response is hardwired in every cell of his body.
Mycroft never calls.
Five-six hours?
“So Simon Whitwell arrived at the school after the two Alphas.”
Harrods is teeming with people. There are hundreds of people milling about outside, staring at the window displays, talking excitedly while children press their noses to the glass.
"Well, they say Alpha´s can´t control it, don´t they?" John replies as the news segmented returned to the studio and Andrew lowers the volume.
His nails dig into his palms and he presses a little harder.
“I promise I will be good to you,” Sherlock whispers to the top of his head, “as good as I can.”
John doesn’t get the chance to answer, because Doctor Fenway keeps talking.
“Certainly,” Lestrade unlaces his fingers and slides his palms onto the table.
“What? So you didn’t-”
Cobb looks down at Glen Reese as if he’s just now noticing the unconscious guy by his feet.  A low, agonized moan seeps from the man and John has to restrain himself from moving to his aid. Instead he forces his eyes to remain on Cobb. Don’t let the enemy out of your sight.
He’s yanked forwards, his arm twisted painfully around and up along his back, while his assailant at the same time places his leg between John’s in an attempt to make him lose his footing. John stumbles, and he realises he is pulled towards the railway tracks. He can already hear the distant rumble of an approaching train.
A few minutes he’s back in front of her. This time she didn’t even hear him approach.
Not medical experience, experience with using a knife to inflict pain and make people talk.
“Meaning?»
Glen Reese turns back to John, but John hardly recognizes him...his mouth an angry slant with a tightness in his eyes John's not seen since he stared into the face of the insurgent who was milliseconds away from stabbing a knife into his neck.
“You sure he can draw on these?” John asks, a quick glance at Lestrade.
The entry hall is empty, and the tall, metal roof sucks up the sound of his footsteps as he makes his way towards the staircase that will take him to DI Lestrade’s office on the second floor. John is grateful for the silence because it gives him the space to sort his scattered thoughts, to put everything in chronological order until it’s a neat, sensible, narrative. Though, even to himself his story just seems like a series of inexplicable events. If he hadn’t met Glen Reese, he would never have learned about that blasted book and wouldn’t have felt compelled to confront Doctor Fenway. If he hadn’t let his outrage for Doctor Fenway’s actions distract him, he might have picked up on some clue that would indicate that Doctor Fenway would end up dead just a few hours later.
John struggles to the door, clutching his leg. He opens it and is startled to see Glen Reese’s red, plump face smiling at him. It’s been weeks since that ghastly meeting at the pub and John has more or less placed Glen Reese and his Alpha in the same shoebox as all the other things he doesn’t want to think about.
The thick rope has been attached to a solid hook that has probably been used for the thick climbing ropes. They are naked, hanging a couple of feet from the floor, the full weight of their body acting as a constricting force. A Complete Hanging.  There are ligature marks from industrial tape that bound their hands and feet, and the lower half of their bodies is covered in blood from incisions that removed their genitals. The cuts are clear and precise, made by somebody who knew what they were doing.
“We can't leave without-”
“How long?”
“I have D.I Lestrade on the line,” Hestia adds, and Mycroft extends his hand, his gaze still scanning the reports when he hears the Detective Inspector’s haggard voice in his ears.
Sherlock rises slowly, his eyes trailing over the elderly gentleman standing before them. His brow narrows. He purses his lips.
“What then, was the point?” Lestrade asks pulling his mind away from the strange tableau that has Sherlock being part of such a domestic scene. Sam signs something to John, who responds with a smile and a few fluid gestures with his hands. The kid is pretty cute, with a shock of dark hair, and that unique coloration in his eyes that Lestrade had only ever seen in Sherlock. Really, there was no doubt that he was the kid’s father. That this somehow also meant that John was his father was an area of biology where Lestrade would happily profess his total ignorance.
John squints against the sunlight, trailing his gaze amongst the crowd before his gaze settles on the two familiar figures that make warmth blossom in his stomach.
“If they were troubling you, you should have called me.”
“Tell me about this man,” Lestrade demands.
“Yes, this way,” Lestrade says hopelessly, leading John to his office.
Mycroft sighs and combs a hand through his thinning hair. He looks older, suddenly, as if some memory has added ten years to his age. It makes Sherlock’s chest tighten unpleasantly. He knows that things had been difficult for John, but for the first time he recognizes that Mycroft had been affected by Sherlock’s absence and that the years were now etched in the creases of his brows and the lines of his face.
“She’s not all that coherent at the moment, sir. There’s a doctor on the way, we may not be able to talk to her until later.”
The finger twitches, teasing the trigger.
, Sam ends his list with the sign for an umbrella. John hides a grin behind the rim of his cup.
“It’s hardly more than a cottage,” Mycroft says, even if John is fairly certain that most cottages can’t boast acres of property and three bathrooms. “You can use it for holidays and such. There’s a groundskeeper that takes care of things, all paid for."
“I don’t…what do you guys want? Hey-“ the camera tilts a little. “I know you, you came and talked to me before Glen Reese’s trial! Are you….are you insane!? I’m not an Alpha, you know I’m not an Alpha! Jesus. Just…just let me go and I’ll….I won’t tell anybody, alright, just-“
"Yes. And the only reason I´m not…." he looks at John exhales steadily. "I´m already Bonded." He pauses again, clearly giving John time to let the implicating of that statement sink in.
Is this how all Omegas feel when they encounter an Alpha while in Heat? John will never again chide them from hiding their gender, for taking Suppressant and shying away from Alpha dominated occupations. How could even his own body betray him so?
Inspired by Hans Olav Lahlum.
Glen Reese’s green eyes widen in disbelief. “He’s not as obvious as the other Alphas I’ve met, but there is something about his eyes, you know.”
John realizes Sherlock believes he knows John well enough to be able to predict the outcome of their reunion. He’s three steps ahead and waiting for John to catch up. Like he’s always waiting for John to catch up.
They look like shit. Soaked to  the bone, covered in blood, their pants and shoes caked in mud. John looks weary, his hair plastered to his skull by the rain.
, Sam adds, wiggling his own as if to demonstrate.
“No reports of any casualties,” Hestia murmurs, “but there are two witnesses who claims they heard several gunshots.”
“But you are still going to ask.” There’s a challenge in Sherlock’s voice, like a schoolmate's daring.
“Um…yeah,” Glen Reese offers with a tight grin. He takes a seat on the cot, but John seeks the relief of the cool concrete, placing his flushed palms against the smooth floor. He wants to remove his shoes and socks, he wants to feel the cool concrete under the soles of his feet, but being barefoot would impair any escape attempt.
"Exactly."
There's a scuffle in the group, and a woman in black, leatherpants swings her purse, hitting a skinny youth in the chest. The two hisses and spit at each other like angry cats, the crowd moving uneasily around them.
He takes out the carton of milk, closes the fridge slowly, pours a small drop of milk into the tea, thinks about Sherlock’s whispered promise. If he wasn’t so lost in his Mind Palace, he’d give him a proper snog. They’ll be fine.
Sam seems to consider this proposition with the seriousness one would apply to tax reforms, before he replies.
He can sit here.
Lestrade turns his attention to the school building. A low, brick building with a dark roof. The “P” from Primary is missing. Blue and yellow flowers and frolicking woodland creatures cling to the peeling paint.  The school yard has been cordoned off. It does little to hinder the curious onlookers from gathering beyond the tape. Flashes from mobile cameras. Christ. The story probably reached the internet before the first responder arrived on the scene. He sees a couple of large vans from the BBC and a camera scanning the crowd. He makes a note to request a copy of the tape later, the killer might have returned to enjoy the spectacle he created.
“Move the desk and those chairs away,” his voice is perfectly calm and flat. John knows that a seizure can be terrifying to watch and the last thing he needs is Jane Hill panicking.
As always, thanks to all you wonderful readers who have given me your kudos, thoughts and feelings on this story. Reading them is always the highlight of my day, so please keep them coming.
You know.
“I bet Cobb’s here to ensure everything goes according to plan, and then to clean it up.”
Mycroft had often stopped by, sometimes to bring John news, but mostly to get to know his nephew. One time, John caught him staring down at Sam in his crib like Sam was an oddly shaped piece of evidence he was trying to make sense of. Every time he returned to London, he left behind books to help John or thoughtful presents for Sam. Like the toy dog that Sam’s always dragging around.
Lestrade shakes his head.
"You mean, I´ll just have to lie to everybody for the rest of my life?" John clutches the green book tightly in his hands.
“Great!” Molly chirps.
“Ms. Morstan,” he says, moving away so that she can place the tray on the side table.
Then Sherlock is curling over John, his hand sliding across John’s cheek, his jaw, digging into his hair and securing him in place for the kiss that follows.
They stand next to her, far enough to not to convey any sort of familiarity, but close enough to hear a whispered conversation. Sherlock stands with his hands at his back and John falls into his habitual soldier’s rest. A train slows to a halt at the platform, people spill out in a mass of grey and black coats while other passengers push into the cars. The train departs and for a moment the platform is almost entirely empty.
(Carter, L.  "Letters to the Editor". Press and Journal:1999)
"Oh" John says stupidly, before fiercely clamping his voice shut.
“Got a couple of days, at least,” Lestrade shrugs and ducks under Sally’s umbrella.
“I am not useless, I am not useless!” Glen Reese screeches, using his considerable weight to keep Cobb pinned to the ground, his nails raking across Cobb’s face, drawing blood. The man grunts, plants his face into Glen Reese’s face, but Glen Reese sinks his teeth into the flesh of his palm, and Cobb howls with pain.  With a vicious howl, he grabs Glen Reese by the scruff of his shirt and yanks him forward, crashing their heads together.
“No, Sherlock- I’m his-”
“According to the myth, I have always been fascinated with myths, you know. Anyways, according to the myth Zeus, he’s a Greek god, split humans in half as a punishment for humanity’s pride and also doubling the number of humans who would then give tribute to the gods. All these humans who had been split in two were in utter misery, you know, they starve themselves to the brink of death because food and drink held no appeal for them. Then, Apollo, he’s another Greek god, took the poor humans and tries to stich them up and make them whole again, but the humans would always long for his or her other half. When you find your soulmate you will finally, finally feel whole and there would be no greater joy than that. I think that’s why we fit together, us Alphas and Omegas, we are each a part of one soul, split and rebound.” Glen Reese sighs blissfully.
, Sam signs and tugs at John’s sweater,
“This is nice, isn’t it?” Molly says.
“But you’d still call it a suicide?” DI Lestrade asks, but John doesn’t answer, he looks to Sherlock. He’s not paying attention to what John is telling DI Lestrade, his eyes are locked on a couple of white, plastic bottles on the floor by the sink.  He uses his magnifying glass to carefully roll the bottles over so he can examine the labels.
“I thought it’d be interesting to see if you could actually be maneuvered to Bond with this precious creature you keep around.  I said to myself, that you’d see through my ruse, isolate yourself. But then I realized that you actually like having him around, people can be so ridiculous sentimental about their pets.”
"Look, John. You´ve obviously have no idea what´s going on. I suggest you let me follow you home, just to ensure that you´ve get home safely and then tomorrow you´d best go off and see Doctor Fenway."
“Lorry driver says she was already on the ground,” Sally points out, “if you want to take your own life, there are better, more….efficient ways.”
John is only half-listening to their conversation, caught up trying to remember the correct way to calculate the length of a triangle, but the scorn in his dad´s voice makes him abandoned his sums.
“What?”
“Yes," John sighs.
Sherlock snorts. “Don’t be preposterous.”
“Glen,” John says, kind but firm, holding a finger in front of Glen Reese’s face. His gaze flickers about the room, before he looks at John. His eyes are glassy, his pupils struggling to focus on John’s finger.
Albert Crawford, from 307, a marine sent home a year ago on dishonourable discharge, suggests they use the List to see if there are any Alphas living in their block and to make sure they aren’t in any position to hurt anybody every again.
Doctor Fenway remains silent; his hands folded on the top of his desk, a faint smile dimpling his cheeks. It’s probably meant to be placating, but all it does is add fuel to John’s ire.
“Don’t worry, I got a toolbox upstairs. Leftover from the previous tenants, I think.”
"Do you see, John?" he asks, small and tight, and John is perfectly aware that the question is nowhere near as straightforward as it sound.
(See the end of the chapter for
He can feel the dull pain from his leg ebb up to join the headache that is brewing behind his forehead.  The scene from last night plays clearly across his memory: the way he had slammed his fist on the filing cabinets, his hands splayed on Doctor Fenway’s desk. His fingerprints are going to be
Bertie didn’t seem to notice my wariness at all. “Well, John,” he began, while making himself comfortable on the other chair, one leg over the other and both hands clasped on the knee, “what’s on your mind? Is it something about that website?”
Confused, Bertie eyed me with suspicion. “You’re seeming awfully chirpy all of a sudden.”
Maybe he should have accepted Mycroft’s offer and sent them out of the country. John would be against it, but Sherlock is confident he’ll be susceptible to Sherlock’s pleas.
Thanks for all of you who are continuing to support me with your comments and kudos, without you this story wouldn´t have gotten very far.
(See the end of the chapter for
John goes still, suddenly on full alert. There’s something not right here, he’s missed something, he just can’t figure out what it is. He opens his mouth, but he’s got no idea what to say. Should he deny it? Why does Glen Reese look like he already knows the answer?
“John!” he hears Lestrade call after him, but he’s already raising his arm at an oncoming taxi. He throws himself into the passenger seat. He’s wheezing for air and he presses a hand to his chest to still the thundering of his heart.
“Because his wife was always at home? The only other key available was the master key in the hands of the janitor, but those keys aren’t kept on the premises. You have to go to the Council main office and log them out.”
“Wrong!” Sherlock declares with glee, clasping his hands together.  John thinks there may be nothing more wonderful in the world than watching Sherlock as he is now, opening their eyes to everything they aren’t seeing, or rather, observing.  For a moment they’ll see the world as Sherlock sees it, thousands of points of information interacting and telling a story.
"George!" his mother shrieks and quickly covering her hands over son´s ears.  "Watch the language at the breakfast table, George!"
-if….
His office is barely deserving of the name.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I did not kill Doctor Fenway,” John says calmly, his fingers curling against the table, tethering him to the furniture and keeping him from leaping at Anderson and wiping the smirk off his face.
John’s never seen evidence of Sherlock’s total confusion before. For a terrifying heartbeat he wonders if Sherlock is high and he lets his gaze search for evidence of clammy skin and blown pupils. But Sherlock looks, well, he doesn’t look like himself, but he doesn’t look ill. Not exactly, though John suspects that feeling confused might  be a novel experience for Sherlock Holmes.
“Since when do they send doctors to do housing inspections?”
His football career had been abandoned when he turned twelve for the Army Cadet Force after his uncle Carl had impressed upon his dad how proper military lads could wrestle, climb mountains and shoot at targets and didn´t have their nose stuck in a book. Lydia had, sweetly, tried to inform Carl that John wasn´t like other boys, that he was kind and gentle and somehow that had made George sign him up, because apparently his son shouldn´t be kind and gentle.
He’s seen violent deaths before, a voice tells him.
No pulse.
“As far as she knew, her husband was planning to travel to Thailand on Friday. He was going to be gone a week, which is why he was never reported missing. She claims to know nothing about his finances and said that accusations on the List are vile rumors concocted by one of their many enemies. She was checked out of the case because she has an iron-clad alibi for the entire weekend: six different relatives can confirm that she was visiting family in Wales. We have train tickets and surveillance footage confirmation.”
“Right,” DI Lestrade replies, “just ask John to tell you why he’s really upset and try to, you know, listen to him.”
“Obviously.”
“And this is your only source in identifying the remaining members of this Support Group, this….nurse and marine?”
When they reach Curzon Street they try to hail a cab, but Sherlock’s magical control over the licensed taxi drivers fails.
His body curves forward with exhaustion. He feels suddenly weary, in a way he hasn’t in years, not since he came home from the war.
“Things are different, overseas,” Mrs. Hudson continues, kindly ignoring John’s flickering gaze. “Alphas are Alphas they’d say, like their harassments and violence were just a way of showing affection. Did you know that in some states it is still legal for parents to arrange Bonding for their children? They are even allowed to accept bridal fee. The police will always look the other way in a crime where an Alpha is involved. Getting one convicted is almost unheard of. If it hadn’t been for Sherlock, I’m certain Frank would-“ She presses her lips to a trembling line and lets John’s imagination finish the rest of the sentence.
He disappears through the doorway, and Jane Hill winks at John, before walking slowly backwards out of the room.
But not this time, John only shrugs at Sherlock and spends more time than is warranted in studying his plain paper cup. You don’t need to be a Detective Inspector to sense the tension between Sherlock and John, as if they’re two schoolyard enemies who have suddenly been forced to work together on a group project and Lestrade suddenly finds himself in the undesirable position of group leader and intermediary. It’s obvious that there’s been some sort of falling out and Lestrade suspects that Sherlock doesn’t realize it and that John is upset that Sherlock doesn’t recognize that they have, in fact, had a falling out. He shouldn’t have been so quick to dismiss Sherlock’s concerns.
Jake Mills frowns and makes a few notes into his black notebook. He scans the rest of the witnesses who have been cordoned off the scene and held in place by his partner, Eileen Sours. Seven individuals. Two in their teens, university students probably, the rest of them adults, all indistinguishable from all the other early morning shoppers and commuters. They are a restless bunch, shuffling their feet and shoulders hunched, not only against the Scottish winter. Their gaze flickers every which way. Never at each other. Not to the constables. Not to the unfortunate guy under the tyres. Jake Mills is fairly good at reading body language and he knows they are hiding something.
Sherlock counts the points off his fingers with more drama than the situation actually warrants. But then again, he wouldn’t be Sherlock Holmes if he didn’t. “Whitwell could have been the name she chose? The hard drive was found hidden in Glen Reese’s lawn ornament in Lee Finkle’s garden. Finkle was both his doctor and his lawyer, so there was ample opportunity for Reese to… give this particular gift. As Reese’s lawyer, she would have legitimate reasons to visit Simon Whitewell in prison. Lee Finkle introduced Reese to the Support Group. We can safely assume this Group is responsible for carrying out the murders. Lee Finkle was obviously frightened and upset about what was happening, as evident by her behaviour outside Baker Street and on the train platform. She had brought a suitcase with her to the train station, indicating that she might have wanted to hand over the hard drive. She’s found dead and her office destroyed mere hours after she tries to talk to us. The only reason we are in possession of this evidence now is that Lee Finkle probably intended to secure herself with blackmail material against the murderers. In addition, we know there was a “lawyer” included in the group, pointed out by Finkle herself.”
Does she mean that Glen Reese is…Christ, is he some sort of back up bait? Is he supposed to spur John to submit to Sherlock in fear of-
Was revenge the only thing they wanted? Or were they after the money that had disappeared from the victims’ accounts? How has Moriarty managed to persuade Edward Blithely to participate in this mad scheme? Because surely, this was not something Edward had managed to concoct himself.
“Right. Well. Where did you find it?”
“No,” John says.
“Sherlock, are you here?”
"Well, I heard the gunshot and a moment afterwards I saw a shape stumble past me. It happened so suddenly, he came out of nowhere- he almost knocked me over."
“Perhaps,” John agrees, knowing very well that plans to try to avoid Glen Reese and everything he reminds him for as long as possible, hopefully for the rest of his life.
“What did you do after Mr. Reese departed?”
“We were just getting acquainted,” Mrs. Kettle says and then turns to Mrs. Hudson, “I am Edith Kettle, the housekeeper.”
The thought makes him dizzy with desire.
John looks down at the bundle of newspaper clippings in his hand. The story is about six months old and garnered no more attention than a byline on the BBC before Britain's attention was drawn to a money laundering scandal. Arthur Williams (47) had been walking home from his job the last Friday in October. He worked and owned a pawnshop (explains the expensive purse) together with his brother Frank Williams (45). Usually the two of them would stop by their pub on the way home to grab some beers, but on the evening of his death, Arthur Williams had been in a hurry and had skipped this ritual and cut through an alley on his way home. He looks at the picture of Arthur Williams, he´s a stocky man with blue eyes and a wobbly chin.
"What´s an Alpha, dad?"
“There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact,” Sherlock concedes.
“It’s about the Case,” John says, “with capital C. I’m looking for the death inquiry of Isidora Nash, Andrew Nash’s wife. She committed suicide, ten years ago or so.”
John’s not really sure how or why there’s a blanket around his shoulders or why the world is suddenly filled in a hazy array of dancing colours.
“Things are going to change, soon this will all be over and people won’t care that you’re an Alpha,” she continues, “you know how these things go. Some member of the royal family will do something embarrassing and this whole Alpha-nonsense will blow over. Trust me, you’ll see.”
“Sadly, we won’t be able to find any information in Fenway’s files,” Sherlock says, “he used biblical pseudonyms for all his patient files. But there must have been an index system somehow or he’d never be able to keep track of all his patients…”
The inside of the bathroom door is completely covered with packing tape, the layer is thick, and in some places the tape crosses over several times.  The edges of the window are also taped shut and a couple of empty rolls of tape lie on the edge of the bath tub, a couple have fallen to the floor. Whoever sealed this room shut didn’t want to leave anything to circumstance.
Sherlock grumbles, but complies, blinking blearily and carding a hand through his hair. It sticks up, tufty and ridiculous, and John thinks with a smirk that this morning sees Sherlock more like a caveman than a Renaissance angel.
Sherlock collapses back against the pillows, his gaze tracking Mycroft as he moves across the room and folds himself elegantly into a sharp chair. He’s dressed in an immaculate three-piece suit and even though it looks like it just came off the tailor’s rack in Savile Row, Sherlock can read all the minute traces of hours spent in that chair in Mycroft's face. He has been worried.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock says and tries to still the cacophony of white noise in his head. Jam. Mud. Tea. A hint of rain. John’s eyes, the storm in them and how it makes something inside him cringe. This wasn’t how it was supposed to happen.
Glen and John shares a look of recognition that is over within seconds, a silent agreement to not mention what they have in common. John dares a quick glance and wonders if Sherlock Holmes´s Alpha senses are able to recognize the Omega in front of him, but Sherlock is impassive.  He´s not really looking at Mr. Reese, but he´s not meeting John´s eyes either. His gaze is fixed somewhere just over Mr. Reese´s shoulder.
“Then what?”
In the bedroom, he discovers the two cats, watching him lazily. Sherlock sweeps his gaze over the room. Bed made to precision. Dark grey bedspread, black satin throw pillows, two small lamps on either of the bedside cabinets. No signs of the torrent of destruction from downstairs.  On one of the cabinets, he finds the 150th anniversary edition of Grey's Anatomy. It doesn't strike him like Glen Reese's preferred choice of reading material.
John wasn’t sure what to make of that. “King Holloway’s castle?” King William Holloway was their monarch, who had been ruling for two years.
Lestrade made a show of glancing at the door, making sure that it was closed. “John,” he said to the servant, “my lord,” he addressed Sherlock, “I can assure you both that you don’t need to be worried.”
William was disrobing himself now. He was filled with a self-conscious uncertainty and a vulgar thrill at the same time when John’s gaze was upon him. William had not noticed that he was hard with desire until it caught John’s attention. The nobleman worried anxiously about what John would think.
“Have you considered what you will… Sherlock? Sherlock, is something wrong?”
Touching Sherlock lightly on his chest, over his gown, John encouraged him to stay lying for a bit longer.
“John, stop that!”
Or he’ll report me to the chief inspector, and I’ll lose my career and my freedom.
“Simple creatures, aren’t they?” a low voice asked from somewhere behind John.
“Sherlock, love, you’re wonderful.” Rocking steadily, John moaned, and Sherlock was so captivated by that sound that he hardly heard the urgency of his own breaths.
“To be honest, I don’t know.” John knew that there was no certainty that the rest of the kingdom would abide by such a decision. “But I’m going to try. I might be able to make it work.”
John was very proud of Sherlock, and he was struck with the urge to pull the servant closer and hold him tight, though he had to consider the presence of the rest of the convoy. They could retreat into the caravan, but they had just spent a long time riding it. Some walking around seemed like a good idea to the king. Perhaps he could hold Sherlock close to him in the forest, where nobody would bother them.
Well, Holmes, it’s clear to me that Watson does care very much about you. Even if I can’t say how deep that caring goes, I don’t think he’d tolerate anyone taking his place, either on this chair or sitting with you.
“No, m’lord,” John said urgently, hoping to cover up his mistake in calling William by the wrong name a moment ago, “you don’t need to do anything for me. I’m very happy I could help you.”
Wracked with a hint of pleasure and a torrent of desire, John clutched the bed at either side of him.
The king cared for him with an almost urgent thoroughness, and all too soon, Sherlock was whispering a warning to the man who was drinking him down. He was astonished when the man continued to drink. Even when the servant lost himself completely, it seemed that the king was determined to let no drop be wasted.
The determined servant continuously amazed John. “Then I’ll support you, Sherlock.”
My God, Mycroft, is that true?
Hold on, before I continue, I have to clear something up. It’s how Jeeves says the word “sir.” Though they’re spelled the same on paper, the “sir” he gives me and the “sir” he gives Bertie are not one and the same.
Sherlock thought that the proud king looked in his direction when he was declared triumphant, but it was much more likely that King John was merely facing the crowd that cheered for his success.
SHERLOCK
WATSON
“This is really very generous of you, sir,” Sherlock said.
I’m here at the request of your brother. My name is John Watson.
SHERLOCK
The swiftness of the answer surprised Sherlock. “No?”
Sitting back down, Sherlock was struck by the kindness in King John’s face. He wanted to touch that face, to feel the stubble around that gentle smile. That was not an appropriate desire for a mere servant to have, however; he would have to save that fantasy for the privacy of his own thoughts, later.
Ignoring the question posed to him by John again, Sherlock asked, “Who is the man you work nights for?”
Can’t you do any better than handle me like a sack of rubble? You will be such a disappointment to my brother.
But it was more surprising coming from a man who can’t see, wasn’t it?
“It looked to me like you had some thought or other about the music. You can tell me about it.”
When most people thought of Sherlock, they probably imagined the pharaoh sitting proudly on his throne in the great hall, wearing a pleated kilt, ornate headdress and gold amulet, deciding the fates of all Egyptians with a wave of his ornamented staff. Perhaps they also thought of the divine king’s eyes, lined with black pigment and decorated with a green shadow, looking from one supplicant to the next with godly wisdom and judgment.
“You do a lot for me, Sherlock. You cook and clean, you mend clothes, and, well,” John added, not being able to help himself, “you serve me very well in bed.”
Of course. Neither Sherlock’s fire nor his company could be enough for the king. “Do you need help with anything, sir?”
“Only the best for my servant. Won’t you play for me, now?”
“Sherlock… Do you mean that you’re scared again? This is a peaceful village.”
Sherlock blushed. “You just have to be consistent,” he said modestly.
LESTRADE
“Sherlock,” John said, “It’s all right.” Slowly, he settled deep within Sherlock, aching powerfully to enjoy what, indeed, was worthy of a king; however, thinking of Sherlock’s pleasure and comfort, John found it strangely easy to keep himself still, to be steady and firm while the soft body under him and around him trembled.
The priest was not in the chapel, the first obvious place to search. It seemed that the hours he spent in the chapel coincided with those of William’s own tedious meetings. Lestrade was neither in the kitchen nor in any of the adjoining supply rooms. He was not in the cellar, nor in the courtyard, nor in the dining room. The castle’s inhabitants of various stations looked on in curiosity as their lord wordlessly peered about each area and continued on. They could not possibly know that William was looking for Lestrade, or that he always had such difficulty in locating the priest.
Solemnly, maintaining an objective tone, Lestrade said, “From his father’s point of view, Montgomery disgraced the family because he never fought in battle, on the front lines. Some said he was a coward because of that. William, on the other hand, was very much in the action. He’s like that. I heard he was even wounded, and it wouldn’t surprise me. John, the reason I’m telling you all this is so you do not make an enemy of either brother during your stay. They don’t exactly get along.”
William nudged John’s legs to part slightly, and then thrust between John’s thighs. John gasped, and closed his eyes peacefully, ready to be of service by being a toy that William rubbed himself against, but that was not exactly what William had in mind. He positioned himself so that he would slide against a very taut, sensitive part of his servant’s warm anatomy, drinking in John’s beautiful whimpers as he did.
Surprised for an instant, my Jeeves-turned-Reggie blushed in the most handsome fashion. “One fears such an epithet might become repetitive,” he said modestly.
MYCROFT
He couldn’t let his master down. “No, I would like to be able to do it, someday,” Sherlock pronounced, more confidently than before, though without all the confidence he would have liked to hear in his own voice. Despite being determined to be the best possible servant for King John, Sherlock could not bring himself to hold the reins that would connect him to that great beast, the creature that looked as if it could trample him.
Jeeves wasn’t exactly prompt with an answer, so I leaned a bit closer to him and hushed the voice somewhat.
SHERLOCK
Abruptly, John’s eyes narrowed, and his hands tightened on the reins of the horse. “Did they?” he muttered, irritably. The king considered stopping the caravan and having a word with these nobles who had talked of what they knew so little about, but he did not trust himself to be civil.
“You are my paradise,” Sherlock said, though immediately regretted it. It was awfully sentimental, surely too overemotional for John…
I do not misinterpret.
Does my opinion matter to you?
What choice did Sherlock have but to kiss this man he had been blessed with? Blessed, he had to admit, in his days in the war, his days in a church, and for every day to come.
That thought brought a frisson of heat through Sherlock, and he decided it was best not to think too much about that bed and its owner, or else he might embarrass himself.
SHERLOCK
“Sir,” John murmured, “do you wish to inspect my boots, as well?”
Montgomery smirked, and began to search through a chest of drawers, which seemed to have fabric supplies.
“My country,” John said thoughtfully. He had always felt that his family thought him foolish for volunteering for the war.
Asking others where Lestrade was would also arouse too much suspicion. Ah, but he could ask John. John was a religious, God-fearing man who certainly kept a rapport with the priest.
Full of gratitude, John slipped the briefs down, and sensed his loneliness drifting away as he felt the length of William’s body against his own thin nightgown. William was as hot as he had imagined, and it was sweetly sedative. It was kind of his master to grant him this.
Not really sharing his cheery mood, I turned my laptop his way.
SHERLOCK
If John was going to abandon his good sense enough to admit his love, then he might as well get all that he wanted, while he still could. “My name, scream it loud, Sherlock, just this once. I don’t want to hear anything but you crying my name.”
The door opened, and I opened my mouth to say hi to my pal Bertie—but it was Jeeves, no more expressive than his plain black suit.
“Yours and mine.”
Even if his charming, brilliant Sherlock was in reality a conceited ruler, John still found himself feeling happy and relieved that it was Sherlock whom he served. The apothecary's son would never have agreed to be the servant of someone who was so dear to him, since he had learned not to rely on the kindness of others, so in a way, Sherlock’s cold manner made this acceptable, believable.
He had not seen John since that morning—blessed as the king was to wake next to his servant, who was so handsome in sleep with his beautiful mussed hair and peaceful expression, William had needed to attend a meeting too early to watch John wake in turn. Today had been a particularly long day, spent listening to the grievances of landowners from the rich part of the city, and one of them had been a tax-averse lawyer, no less.
“Sir.” You can guess where that came from, and which
SHERLOCK
After sliding into him, King John groaned with pleasure, but held motionless, giving Sherlock the chance to adjust. The possessive hands rubbed soothing circles into Sherlock’s skin. “Sherlock?”
“I w-was happy,” John stammered somewhat under the close attention, “to help someone.
“Um, well, if that’s all, then?” John had been so determined to give all his love to Sherlock, but now John, not wishing to overstay his welcome, didn’t know whether he should stay or return to his own bed. “I suppose I’ll go.”
John repeated the process with Sherlock’s other wrist, smiling sweetly. His eyes were dark, but even powerful, passionate emotions seemed fond and tender when they came from Sherlock’s attentive servant. John moved to the side of the bed, picking up both of the bottles Sherlock had gifted to him. “Do I really get to marry you?” he whispered.
After a while, John cleaned them, kissing Sherlock’s thighs lightly as he did so. “You’re gorgeous, Sherlock.”
It was a fact that the two of them had shared this bed before, and yet this time felt different. This was the night of their wedding. The ceremony had been a secret one, seen before the eyes of the divine and not before mortals. Regardless, being wedded to his beloved priest meant so much to Sherlock, and he hoped that it held meaning for John too.
“Is that… acceptable?”
It was lovely to see John, but something was clearly bothering him. “John, what is it?”
“You mean me inside you?” It was an intense, provocative thought, to be sure. “You would allow me that?”
He left, leaving me stunned.
He felt no better to be surrounded by the fine furniture he found there, and certainly not when John had so acquiescently followed his lead. But there was the large bed, with its useless sheer canopy. It was the place that John had chosen, which redeemed it.
“At once, sir,” Jeeves answered, and he walked through a door to what appeared to be the kitchen, barely making any noise as he moved.
“That makes sense to me.” Sherlock smiled against John’s cheek. He adored all the ways John spoke to him, when it was John doing so. It meant even more now that John knew he could address Sherlock however he wished.
“Very good. Your belongings will be brought up from the carriage forthwith. Until then, I am to give you a tour of the rooms in this castle which will be of interest to you.”
He sounded annoyed by that particular question, so John did not press it further. Instead, he ventured, “It was very generous of you, to pay my family’s debts just for my labour. Did you mean to hire me, sir, to be your… servant?”
With a smile, William lifted the sleeping gown, and let it rest around John’s stomach. The nobleman slipped his hand into bulging underwear.
Whimpering, Sherlock rolled his head again, and his hips impulsively tried to match John’s movements, to take John deeper, though that that mattered little now; John was soothing his pretty servant with a constant rhythm, moving as surely and deeply as he willed, and Sherlock was helpless to the care of his king. It was pleasing to John to hear Sherlock’s passionate cries grow louder.
SHERLOCK
Their convoy had just entered a new city, and the caravan was now parked, so John was free to lean against some of the built-in cabinets and gaze at his servant. He liked to admire those lively curls bouncing as they were brushed, but he did not like the forlorn look on Sherlock’s face, which John caught a glimpse of in the mirror.
“There was a black pair of shoes, with buckles,” Sherlock said quietly, following John’s line of sight, “but they didn’t fit me.”
“I will tell you. I wished to see how your family was doing, John, and no, do not tell me that I was being selfless, I owed it to them as your friend. Of course King Holloway did not visit them, as a man of such standing cannot be seen with common folk, but
He led Sherlock directly to that room. It had been furnished well for the king, and was well illuminated with sunlight streaming in through elegant windows. There was also a functional fireplace, though it was not currently in use.
No, I am not Mr. Holmes, madam. I am his associate, Doctor Watson.
“You don’t mind not being king?”
“No s-sir,” Sherlock said, in a voice that was soft, sweet, and stammering. “I want to see to your needs, sir.”
“Oh.” Now John was holding onto Sherlock’s hand in return. “We’ll be separated in the afterlife?”
Suddenly, Sherlock stood back up again. “Your arm, if you please.” He took hold of John’s right arm, which had been willingly if unenthusiastically offered. He lifted the plain sleeve up. Again, Sherlock sniffed, his nose almost touching John’s skin, the end of his scarf falling onto the shorter man’s lap.
“It is too crowded in these parts,” William noted. “Take a walk with me, John, outside the walls.”
I’m afraid not.
With a sigh, Sherlock picked up the bow that King John kept in the caravan. It was a long and elegant piece of wood, though it looked odd when it was unstrung, as it generally was when not in use. Without the tension of the string to bend the material, the object looked more like a wooden staff than a bow.
I informed Holmes’s brother through correspondence that I would not seek payment from him. After all, I wasn’t a helper for a man who couldn’t see. I was Holmes’s assistant. His assistant.
“I’m sorry, sir. I was just thinking—I want to go back to the garden. Not to the convoy. I want to stay in the place where you can say you love me.”
“You let him help you,” there was a touch of something bitter in Sherlock’s voice, “and not me?”
William’s eyes fluttered closed. He tipped his head slightly back, leaning into John’s touch. “The trained hands of an apothecary,” he murmured. William now allowed the servant to fully support his master’s weight. “The strong arms of a soldier. You are magnificent, John.”
“I, um, I’m sure it will be an interesting journey,” Sherlock said.
WATSON
“A few years,” he conceded.
“Yes, John. You won’t be there by my side, though, as the consort of a monarch should be.”
John was prepared to leave his family, in order to save their property and ensure their happiness. His parents were rather unappreciative, he thought, but at least his sister hugged him and thanked him. The hardest part of it all, as he had expected, was giving up his moments with Sherlock.
John stepped out of the large dressing room that many could consider a bedchamber in its own right. In the bedroom, King William was sitting in his comfortable chair, shaving away at a wooden cross.
“For the purposes of answering my questions, yes.”
I must decline. You’ll have to take the rest of your walk without me, Holmes.
WATSON (O.S.)
“Why would you do that?” William released John, only to gently guide him flat onto the bed. Eyes wide, John went easily with the motion.
William scoffed. “Your new clothes don’t make you any more presentable than your old ones did.”
Early in the morning, they walked outside of the castle together, John in the fine garb of a king, Sherlock in the simple clothes of the king’s servant. They had both wanted to visit the royal caravan again, together. They headed now towards that vehicle, which was kept in a guarded structure near the castle with other vehicles belonging to noble visitors and influential merchants.
As soon as I started tapping the keys to a popular song, something odd happened to Sherlock. A kind of transformation, as it were, from annoyance to contentment.
The door was opened, and John was led to an adjoining sitting room where a quiet man was sitting stiffly in an armchair, arms folded in arrogance similar to that possessed by William. It had to be admitted that he was dressed in style, in fabrics befitting a man who had once held power over the country. He was tall and fair, like his brother.
Sherlock moaned, and the sound intensified when John added another finger.
Sincerely hoping that he had not caused Sherlock any pain, John moved obediently to clean the man’s leg. He was now in front of William, and could see little droplets falling slowly down his master’s toned, soft-hued chest. He also knew that he would be seeing a lot more if the water level were only lower and there was not so much cloudy soap.
The princesses were beautiful and refined, and it would not have been hard to believe that King John had enjoyed conversing with them. Sherlock was not at all sorry to see them dismissed.
It had become apparent to John that he could not rely on others. Others in this world took without giving. Even the lives he had saved on the battlefield—one of which he had pulled from the brink of death—had gone on without him.
“You were so excited about this journey,” his master said. “Do you regret it already?”
Mr. Holmes trusts me with all matters, sir. In fact, he has mentioned your name to me.
“Indeed I am,” he answered cordially. “Ordinarily, I would be surprised that you know my name, as my employer has no reason to make me a topic of conversation with his acquaintances, but in this case, I know what has been occurring.”
If he could not kiss Sherlock in front of anyone, at least he could keep Sherlock in his room. The other visiting nobles were not likely to notice where the servant slept, and where the old friend of John’s was concerned, the king had once saved the man’s life; therefore, John knew that he was free to do what he wished while he stayed in that room, and no questions would be asked.
I tapped the button for the doorbell and waited, bouncing on my feet once or twice as I wondered what Bertie’s flat would look like.
I didn’t really follow him, but it was hard to miss his tone. “That doesn't sound good.”
I have the distinct feeling that I have not been kept informed about developments recently. Or I entered a very strange version of the reality I know when I stepped out of the hansom this morning.
Just so.
I look forward to it.
They each had a significant task ahead of them, Sherlock knew. John still had a question for Lestrade, and where Sherlock was concerned, it was no simple task to set things right between two brothers accustomed to hating each other. It did not follow that he and John had to hasten through their time together.
William hugged John closely. John felt warmed by the devotion that could not be spoken aloud.
May I continue?
SHERLOCK
Feelings other than pride started to build within the king, when his eyes met those of his adorable servant. John felt sweet affection, and a tension also. He knew by now that these were symptoms of his love for Sherlock, a love that persisted stubbornly through all of the king’s struggles to control his feelings.
detective.
After they had walked for a while, Sherlock called out. “Sir, I found something!”
The king was still looking down at him. “Have you thought about leaving this town?”
The word “sir” can be said in a lot of different ways. You don’t even need to try saying it I other languages, because even just staying with English, you can pronounce that word quickly, slowly, tersely, softly; you could, for example, answer your boss with a direct “Sir,” or belt out a loud and clear “Sir!” to a drill instructor.
John pushed his absurd emotions far away, reminding himself that Sherlock was now stiff and inhospitable. He took a deep breath and, keeping his gaze at a safe height, untied William’s dressing gown. The garment slipped off the graceful figure easily. It was difficult for John not to blatantly admire the smooth, fair skin exposed in front of him. John’s breath hitched when he glimpsed that William had been wearing nothing under the dressing gown.
Sherlock smiled a little. “Which of these paintings do you like best, sir?”
The soft, redeeming tones of his master’s voice broke the silence of the carriage. “John. You are sitting far away from me.”
John had reached the side of the large bed. On that table were the gifts that John had received the previous day—the bottles and belts, which would seem innocent to anyone who did not know what they were used for. Without hesitation, John lifted the items with a smile, handling the belts as gently as the bottles, and placed them in the trunk where he kept the few personal items he had brought to the castle.
When he sensed his end approaching, John muttered a warning to Sherlock. Then the king came, and Sherlock did not move away. Although he could not take much of John’s essence, the sweet, eager servant was able to take some of it, and he seemed to do so gladly. To see Sherlock swallow even a bit of himself only sent the king further over the edge.
warrior, the one who protected him and who would fight for him. It was presumptuous of Sherlock to entertain this thought, but the king had indeed said that he would protect Sherlock.
Oh, how he adored his glorious John, the strong, splendid man who now looked so appealing and who made low, alluring groans as he made love to Sherlock.
My dear Watson.
John beamed. “I always did like Father Lestrade.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Oh?”
I am a
John grunted meekly, a sound that was probably supposed to resemble agreement.
WATSON
“I certainly did, sir.”
The sound of the storage room door opening could be heard, but Sherlock did not turn that way. He had no wish to speak to anyone. He hoped that if he kept working and said nothing, his employer would be satisfied and leave.
I have no intention of reporting you, sir.
“Have the lances been cleaned yet?” a forthright voice asked.
SHERLOCK
Funny thing, isn’t it, how we’d gone about it all wrong? John and I had thought it only natural that the golden ties of friendship would sprout first between the two geniuses, but actually, chatting of tunes and composers and all that, Sherlock and I hit it off as if I were his rich uncle, and John and Jeeves, getting to know each other over darts and stories from basic training, or whatever it is these vets talk about, must have felt pretty silly for not having realized before what great friends they could be.
Do you intend to tell the police—?
“But,” I sputtered, “it’s just his name!”
“Just like that.” Sherlock was going to show John how much he appreciated him. He moved closer and caressed down John’s back, noticing that his beloved was trembling slightly. “Relax, John.”
King John nodded, as sombrely as if he had admitted to having a dreadful illness. “It’s not right for you to be here when I’m like this.”
WATSON
He had started this journey, in this caravan, to find a new life for himself, but all he wanted now was a life with this king, this great man. If he could only be with his king as a servant and nothing more, then that was acceptable.
Once they were in the room they shared, Sherlock undressed John, placing all the items that covered his John to the side, since they would no longer be needed. He noticed John breathing faster as the last raiment was pulled down and allowed to be taken away. As he had imagined, John was indeed blushing. The king’s handsome attendant was naked, a dream to behold.
He is asleep now. In no state to see company. You understand.
It was incredible to be trusted this much, to hold John when he was this vulnerable. There was no doubt in Sherlock’s mind about what their future would be like. He would marry John, before the God John loved so much if before nobody else, and would happily pledge his loyalty to him.
“Don’t worry, Sherlock,” he crooned softly. “I do want you. Terribly. But there’s something special that I want to do with you, tonight, if the idea appeals to you.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” said King John, with sympathy. “You’re trembling.”
Thus, having easily packed and more easily bid this town goodbye, Sherlock embarked on the voyage that would change his life forever. With his light satchel carried across his body, and his heavy bag over his back, Sherlock left his modest neighbourhood and marched to the grounds where the convoy was waiting.
William sighed, recollecting himself, and then took his knife back, resuming his careful work. “Thank you, John,” he said quietly. “I need you here.”
“The world is an interesting place,” King John replied quietly, thoughtfully. Sherlock wasn’t sure if the king was speaking to the servant, or more to himself. “Be careful, though. It can be a lonely place, too.”
LESTRADE
It was not long before Sherlock got into the spirit of it. He seemed to remember a good deal, as he played admirably well. People walking by turned their heads and smiled appreciatively at his energetic tunes.
WATSON
“Sir… If you want to have a child with someone else…”
“It looks like an abandoned garden,” John said. “I had no idea this was here.” He had never heard of any kind of garden being kept in this forest. “Now we know why the trowel was around, at least.”
That had not been the worst part of it. A noble who was invested in many concerns in the city had visited the king afterward. The gentleman had been nothing but polite, though he had been overly so, because the purpose of the visit was to insinuate to the king that the nobleman had a nubile daughter who had been approached by a number of fair suitors and who would surely be a worthy partner for any great lord.
“If only I could show all of them that you are mine,” the king murmured.
“I can’t read, sir.”
I wished he’d sound more optimistic than that, but I could see he was somewhat rankled by his convo with Jeeves, and I let it go, instead leading him straightaway to the source of the questionable music.
He would welcome his husband home in the evening, and he would have the courage to draw the king into the bedroom. He would say all the things he wanted to say but never could as a servant. He would tell his beloved John that he would stay by the glorious man always, and give him strong children, and be an honour to his family.
SHERLOCK
“Nothing in particular, sir. I’ve never been outside the town before, and everything is unfamiliar to me. It was scary, being out there on my own.” He dutifully removed the second sturdy boot, placing the pair neatly to the side. “It feels safer to be with you, sir.”
“No, let him continue,” Jeeves said, asking for trouble if you asked me, “I have heard something of the wisdom of the great consulting detective, and it is intriguing to hear that he is after all merely a mercurial and impetuous child.”
SHERLOCK
Their convoy was met with a warm welcome in the city. Nobles returned to their great houses, merchants unloaded their wares from faraway places, and there were even some bards who had joined the group at the festival, who now found audiences for their music.
“Actually, I enjoyed it too.” Putting aside my amazement at Bertie’s casual display of wealth for the moment, I acknowledged that it had been nice to be able to talk to someone. “Do you come to this café often?”
It was never explained to me in any detail. People learn to move in a way that is somehow artistic and call it dancing, I believe, though the specific movements are beyond my knowledge.
“I beg your pardon. I did not mean to interrupt your prayer. Please,” Sherlock said, taking John’s hands in his own and bringing them back together to form a pious clasp, “I’m sure God was fascinated with what you had to say.” There was no mockery in Sherlock’s voice.
“Oh, Sherlock.” Cradling the back of Sherlock’s head, the king moved in closer, and at last, his lips met Sherlock’s.
Again, John was too bashful to say anything about the garments, so Sherlock answered Lestrade. “John found clothing belonging to a lady—undergarments included—in my brother’s laundry. The evidence suggests that Mycroft is having an affair.”
Each performance seemed to engage Sherlock. They did not all impress him, but even if he did not love a certain show, the servant still leaned forward with interest, remarking on how the piece might be improved. It was a delight to see Sherlock become so interested in the performances, and to marvel at the way his eyes sparkled as his brilliant mind examined the technical aspects of what they observed on stage.
“It’s good to see you again, Sherlock,” King John said, sounding very sincere. If Sherlock didn’t know better, he would have thought that His Majesty was happy to have those princesses gone, and to be alone with the servant again. That would be absurd, though. It was probably only Sherlock’s wishful thinking. “Have you considered my offer? Do you wish to join my convoy?”
“Yes,” Sherlock said quietly.
“No, not in the least,” John declared, now it was his hands that covered William’s. “Of course he’ll stay by your side!”
“What did he say, Father?”
“Are you all right, sir?” John asked, concerned. He must have noticed his master’s shiver.
John was starting to understand just who Sherlock was. As if he was not speaking to one of the individuals in question, he asked, “Were Sherlock and Mycroft friends?”
At last, Mycroft began his approach. His umbrella was now in clear view, and it shocked Sherlock so profoundly that he could not take his eyes away from it. He had been but a child when he carved the rod that formed the core of that object. It had taken him ages to fashion a usable umbrella, though it had been all worthwhile when he had given it to Mycroft and seen his brother smile. It had accompanied the king-to-be whenever he ambled along with young Sherlock on a grand adventure into the city.
“Details,” Sherlock muttered, and returned to kissing his beloved. They soon fell back onto the bed, still kissing each other deeply.
He signs his name distinctively, you know, Sherlock. Long crosses on ‘t’s—determined, but stubborn. Written with heavy pressure—commits himself to his duties, perhaps too much so. And always G. Lestrade—a formal man who will not even share his first name. I have been deluding myself when his stance has always been clear from his penmanship alone.
This admission left King John silent.
It was with a mix of fondness and regret that William clutched his block of wood more tightly. “I wonder. Maybe… It would not be so bad, to carve just a little… Lestrade needs it, after all.”
Suddenly, John pictured a young, adorable little William, kicking his feet as he carved from wood. John also thought of Prince Montgomery… Mycroft. The older boy, talking amiably with his brother, sewing for the enjoyment of it. Two boys who got along well, before the obligations of their lives made them bitter rivals.
SHERLOCK
John smiled, recalling how he picked up the sword for Sherlock. At the time, the king managed to ignore the allure of the servant, and merely inquired about the lances, though he hadn’t been able to keep himself from asking if Sherlock would see the joust. Simply knowing that Sherlock would be at the joust gave the king motivation to do better than his best in that contest.
John spread his legs further apart, making himself even more vulnerable to the king. “Please, I need more of you.”
After the sparring was done, John, along with some other members of their convoy, was shown some more rooms of the fortress, with Sherlock following. Unsurprisingly, Sherlock had many questions about why certain fortifications existed, and how the guards divided their tasks, and a number of other things. Luckily, John was able to answer most of Sherlock’s questions, though Sherlock was able to deduce some answers himself.
I can’t… I don’t….
Something?
“For how long?” John asked.
“No, please, John, say it.” Sherlock returned to John’s arm and kissed along it in the most welcoming gentlemanly fashion he could. “My beloved, you could ask anything of me. I am yours.”
Sherlock was sitting alone on a bench. The bench was simple, timeworn wood, and matched Sherlock’s simple clothes, but not his shining face. He looked up eagerly when John approached.
It’s long past time.
“How long has it been?”
LESTRADE
Determined to make things right, John ignored those words, and examined the block. He couldn’t tell what the unfinished carving had been meant to be. Like so many other things about his master, it was an unknown. “You like to carve, sir? It’s a good hobby. Nothing wrong with that.”
It was doubtful that many of them would imagine Sherlock as he was now, open and vulnerable before an ordinary man—though this particular man was hardly ordinary to Sherlock.
John looked debauched and magnificent with flushed skin and dishevelled, pillowed hair. “You really don’t know,” he said softly. “Sir… your gifts… can I…?”
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
It would do him no good to admire a visiting king who would no doubt leave town as soon as the tournament was over. It would be best if he could concentrate on this boring task, so that he might finish sooner and be done with it. Then, perhaps, he would have time to watch the last few exciting battles of the tournament.
SHERLOCK
John paused. It was sad to think that William could only be in his true self in this way. “Yes, and, really,” it felt more appropriate to say these things to someone who was not his master, “he has been very kind.”
“That is often how it is. There are already plans to hire a scribe to write my scroll.” A person of means would generally have a scroll, a
WATSON
Ah, there was the pretty pink blush that John had longed to see.
Once he was unclothed, Sherlock stepped into the bath, but it felt so strange that he could not bring himself to take another step by himself. There was John, naked in the bath, trembling. He was almost helplessly stroking himself now with just a slight touch, as if afraid to do any more than that, watching Sherlock’s indecisiveness.
Rein in your envy, Mycroft, I can hardly stand the stench of it. In any case, you’ll make Lestrade forget all about innocent waltzes soon enough, I’m sure.
SHERLOCK
Out of courtesy, the servant tried not to stare, but he so badly wanted to know the feel of those arms. Such knowledge would always be forever beyond the servant. He would have to lie by himself on the sofa, at a respectful distance from his master.
“I’m not saying that. I only mean that, if he’s tucked one away somewhere, I haven’t seen it.”
Did I do something to offend you? My actions yesterday, perhaps? The ruse, or the liberties I took with your person?
William touched John’s shoulder. “John, would you share my bed with me tonight?”
“Yes, sir.”
SHERLOCK
For several days, John was not able to spend much time with Sherlock. The king had many duties to attend to, and as a new servant, Sherlock also had to learn the customs of the castle.
It is safe to return, Mycroft.
“I had a maid before. She slept in the sofa for much of the journey here. But dark moods sometimes came over me, and I could be depressing to be around. She said as much, and she resigned.”
Hearing such sincere praise from his beloved, Sherlock felt like he was flying, a sensation that mixed beautifully with the heat that surged all through his body and spirit. Sherlock was rarely affected by praise anymore; many people gave it too freely to Sherlock, such that their words were worth little. Whenever John praised him, though, every word sunk deep to Sherlock’s heart, the seat of his soul.
“It’s an easy enough fix,” John says to break the silence, “should have it running in a few minutes.”
“I know,” Molly says, “the pathologist commented on it as well. Drug overdose is far more common amongst women and there were plenty available to her in the apartment.”
“Jane Hill, ma’am, currently serving eight consecutive years for kidnapping, impersonating an officer and-”  Sally feels something hard and sharp settle in her chest.
. It’s still early and they have plenty of time, but John knows his son: there will be several kinds of delays on the way.
John suggests carefully.
“I mean, you’re the first, you know, that I’ve met. The Guide and Fenway say how we keep to ourselves, you know, keep a low profile. I bet you’ve not even told your parents. But I’m not judging,” Glen pauses and takes a sip of his beer. “When I came out to my family, shite…” he chuckles nervously, “my father almost blew a gasket. My mother was a lot more understanding.”
“We have been differentiating Alphas for decades, but the laws have always distinguished in their favor. Our list of demands is only seeking to remove this leniency given to Alphas who commit serious crimes and to reduce the dangerous influence they have on our society.”
“I read about it in the newspaper,” Edward says, “saw the pictures and everything, a bit of an embarrassment for the Met.”
“Lestrade texted me,” Sherlock says, mostly to the air. “There’a been a robbery he wants my help on, thinks maybe it is connected.”
Sherlock opens his mouth, closes it, his words faltering. Lestrade squeezes the detective’s arm, and John sees the moment Sherlock realizes that for once, his brilliant deduction is not going to be welcomed.
“John will be fine.” Sherlock scoffs, because John is a soldier, and if Sherlock was not currently distracted by Mycroft’s vexing presence he would be able to find a better parallel than that John will soldier on. (The words will come to him later, persevere, be pertinacious, relentless.)
Mrs. Thorn can only smile and glances at her watch. Even if this day has become the most lucrative day in the history of the newspaper, she cannot get rid of the unpleasant taste in her mouth. She knows she´s crossed several lines that she cannot recover. “Have the police been here?”
Mycroft is silent, listening, but John can hear the staccato of a pen tapping restlessly against the edge of a desk. It makes his heart skip a beat. Mycroft is never restless. He is the epitome of poised and collected and John cannot ever remember seeing him rattled, not even when-
