Dean laughed softly at the exaggeration as he found the case in a corner and went to put the guitar away.
Dean furrowed his brow. “Are you drawing me?”
to stop thinking of that. Had to stop thinking of Cas. Of all of the things Cas had said to him. And so, when he saw blue eyes in his mind - the memory of them, shining with tears and warmth and so much more, etched into Dean’s consciousness until the day he died - he chased the sight away, thought ‘
Alejandro’s hand wandered lower again, resting on top of Dean’s shorts as he deepened the kiss. Then, his hand slid past the waistband and into his boxer briefs. Dean pushed his hips up a little against the touch, trying to meet it - trying not to think of anything and least of all his dad and that odd glint of suspicion in his eyes that one time he had caught Dean and Lee drunk together when they should have been hunting.
yet, or to me, then I respect that,” it was the last pause he made before the words came practically stumbling over his lips. “But this whole silently suffering widower thing you’ve got going isn’t healthy. Neither is thinking that you missed your only chance at finding happiness. And I know that’s what you’re thinking, because I know you. And I
Cas had loved him. Dean had known that fact for so long, had felt it through all of Cas’ actions. But he had always thought of it as more of a brotherly kind of love rather than… than a romantic one. He wanted to ask Cas so badly how he had meant it, if he had really meant it the way it had sounded to Dean, but he couldn’t. He could only replay Cas’ final words in his mind and try to make sense of them.
Alejandro gave him a soft chuckle and scratched the back of his neck. “You could say ‘un momento, por favor.’ Or just point and gesticulate and shout for me to come back?”
- the hilarity around the campfire became so catchy that Dean managed to forget everything else for a few short, blissful minutes; watching Alejandro shake his head and roll his eyes as his friends shouted the chorus of the song at him.
Dean slowly withdrew his hand and let it rest on Alejandro’s stomach, his thumb drawing lazy circles. “Well, I’ve had a lot of practice,” he said, grinning down at Alejandro who laughed softly at that.
“So, how’s Eileen? And what are you calling him?” Dean wanted to know.
This chapter is a bit shorter. It was originally way longer, but I decided to split it because it was a bit
“I guess it’ll all depend on what job Eileen finds.” Dean knew that Eileen wanted to find a position either teaching ASL or working with deaf kids. Despite Dean hoping she and Sam would soon be able to build a normal life together, he also hoped that wherever she found a job, it wouldn’t be hundreds of miles away from Lebanon.
The next day, Dean moved in with Alejandro. He’d told Teresa that he’d pay until Sunday, as agreed, but packed his things and moved them over to Alejandro’s cabin. Dean did not want to leave Mexico just yet, and he had told himself as he’d contemplated his options that it was really more practical to just stay at Alejandro’s when he spent most of his time there anyway.
He saw Alejandro typing, then stop. A few seconds later, Dean saw an image on his screen. When it had fully loaded, he recognized it as a gif of the fictional music video Robin had done, of her dancing and singing the line ‘Let’s go to the mall.’
“Uh, yeah, that sounds, uh--,” Dean stopped, having no idea what nopal even was, “I’ll take that.”
“See? You had to hear it from him. The only question that remains,” Sam said before he picked up some egg and fake bacon with his fork, “is what you’re gonna do with that knowledge.”
Back by the beach, they went to Alejandro’s place and made some coffee. The rain had subsided a bit, but it was still drizzling fainty, the sky a dim grey so unlike the previous nearly two weeks Dean had been here.
“Hm,” Alejandro hummed, nodding his head once before he raised his beer bottle. “Let’s drink to that then. Salud.”
“That a Star Trek t-shirt?” he asked, having spotted the familiar font and parts of what it said under her half-opened, purple hoodie.
Last night, when he had gone back to the beach, nobody had asked him any questions or looked at him like they suspected something. The group’s mood had been high spirited, and Maria had gone on to playing some more up-tempo Spanish numbers. Everyone had been singing along except Dean, who was grateful for the excuse of not knowing the words, because he definitely had not felt like singing. However, when Maria started to play another English song - Lady Gaga’s
Mexico lay behind Dean now. He had passed the border less than an hour ago and was driving through Texas, up towards San Antonio.
’ he wrote as he poured himself a cup of coffee, adding a spoonful of sugar. He definitely also needed breakfast.
If any of you are interested in obtaining a copy (at net cost price; I'm not gonna make any profit with it, on the contrary), best would be to send me a message on my tumblr (leandra-winchester). It's still gonna take a while since I want to reread everything, and I would definitely get back to you before I place the order, but you can let me know if you're generally interested.
“Most definitely not. My hair’s brown! It hasn’t been blond since I was a little kid.”
There would definitely be another moment for them. Dean would make sure of it.
Dean crawled back up the towel, leaning above Alejandro, and looked down into his flushed face. “All I wanted to say was I hope I don’t get lockjaw later,” he said, rubbing his hand over his chin and working his mouth open and close, a bit more deliberately than needed.
Colin let out a bark of a laugh as he passed Dean and smacked him on the back on his way out, and because it looked like he was heading to the kitchen, Miracle looked between him and Dean for a moment before he decided to follow Colin on his way out.
Dean was pleased, more pleased than he would have cared to admit, to see the smile on Alejandro’s lips turn a little more radiant after that.
“Oh, hey Dean,” he suddenly heard his brother’s voice behind him.
Dean wondered briefly if it was wise, if continuous contact would not keep up an illusion of something more, or a prospect for either of them - most of all Alejandro. Him getting his hopes up was the last thing Dean wanted to cause. On the other hand, the thought of cutting Alejandro out of Dean’s life entirely made something constrict in his chest.
his life and everything in it.
Dean hated that look. Hated it because Sam wore the same kind of look when he saw right through his bullshit. Hated the pity in it because he knew there was something to pity him for.
“Hi Sam,” Alejandro said, now back behind the bar. “What can I get you? Beer? Tequila?”
Sam let out a soft chuckle, and Dean took it as thanks. Instead of getting himself a cup, however, Sam sat down on the second chair, leaning forwards with his lower arms on his knees as he looked out as well.
Alejandro quickly withdrew his hand, and Dean just closed his eyes, inhaling deeply in sheer and utter frustration.
But Sam was not alright. In fact, he was coughing violently, having made the big mistake of taking another sip of coffee as Cas had started to speak. He spluttered, slapped his upper chest, and tried to suppress the coughing reflex long enough to take another sip and rinse it down.
Somewhere, in the back of his mind, Cas wondered how thick these motel walls really were. He decided not to bring that question up, smiling against Dean’s hair instead as he managed to wrap his arms around him, at last.
By the end of the night, when Alejandro closed up after the last guests ventured home, the tip jar was full to the brim, and Dean did feel rather proud of himself.
P.S. If anyone wants to scream about 9-1-1 and buddie with me, feel free to drop me a message on tumblr. Or if you just want to say hi, talk about my fic or anything else, I'm always happy to meet new people.
“Oh yeah?” Sam shot back. “And you’re completely okay, I guess?”
“So, if you’re still around on Friday--”
Hope you enjoy this one as well!
“Yeah, no, of course not,” Sam interrupted, and Dean was glad he didn’t have to find a word for it. This whole moment, the realisations about himself that it tickled out and made them truly, for the first time
a midlife crisis, it didn’t have to be a bad thing. It was an opportunity to figure himself out, to reinvent himself, try things without anyone there to judge him for it, and learn how to not judge himself.
“Oh, yeah, we will be, and I’m definitely not gonna miss an epic beach party. I always wanted to go to one.”
Alejandro was sorting the bills and coins and then handed several large peso notes to Dean, who looked at him, a little taken aback. “Huh? Why are you giving me money?”
And that really did sound like a solid plan.
He had to think of Jack, of what he had told them after they had defeated Chuck, that he’d be in every drop of falling rain, every rock, each grain of sand, and in the sea.
“Thanks, man.”
Then, Dean let out a throaty, longer moan and leaned further back, one hand sliding all the way to just above Cas’ knee for support, arching his back as he kept rocking, and the sight nearly made Cas go insane with lust.
It was in front of the shelf with condiments that Eileen looked at Dean with a warm, radiant smile. “You seem really happy,” she said, “I’ve never seen you look so happy.”
I hope you enjoy this chapter. Please let me know. :-)
“Try me,” Alejandro just replied with a challenging glance. He had picked up a sketchbook and a pencil and looked to Dean over its edge.
Alejandro gave him a soft smile as Dean briefly looked at him again, though there was still sympathy and sorrow on his features. “Okay,” he said softly. “Okay. How about…” He went over to the armchair by the stereo and picked up a hoodie he had worn this morning, coming back and offering it to Dean, “You were cold and looking for something to put on?”
“I mean, I’d like to. Just that I have no idea what to do other than hunting.”
’. Maybe he could grab some dinner there as well, and then call it a night.
Sam didn’t bring anything up anymore when they met back at the bar, though, and he didn’t make things awkward around Alejandro, who was a pleasant, friendly host (and yes, not bad looking either, but Dean ignored that fact, plus there was no telling if he was into men or women). Teresa, the owner of the small guest house and her daughter Juana were just as welcoming, and when Sam and Dean moved into their apartment at around eight, they found the place simple but spotless, warm and cosy. The two women had even stocked their kitchenette with some things for breakfast and told them they could call any time if they needed something.
“Is the apartment even free?” Sam asked just as Dean already wanted to head out back to their car.
“Yeah, well, it’s not every day that your--” He only realized when he’d already started the sentence that he didn’t know what to call Cas. Best friend was hardly covering it anymore; boyfriend seemed awfully trite and wasn’t even accurate because Cas had not been that before.
For a moment, Dean wondered if there were things he better shouldn’t tell him. Not because they were too difficult to talk about but because, at the end of the day, Alejandro wasn’t even a hunter. He just knew of them, knew of some monsters but nothing of the big picture. On the other hand, Dean also couldn’t think of any harm that could come with letting him know more. And so he continued.
Dean let out a sigh through his nose, biting his lower lip before he shook his head faintly. “I dunno. Maybe. Probably.” Hadn’t that situation with Lee been almost like that? Hadn’t John pulled him by the arm, forcefully, on their way back to the car, with the only reason for him not having done more probably being the fact that Dean was now as strong as him? Would John have punched him, too, if he had caught a much younger Dean kissing his friend Matt? Maybe Dean was just projecting things onto John now, doing him an injustice by making him worse than he was, in his mind, in a purely fictional scenario that had nothing to do with their reality. But what if it did? What if he
“So how about your sister and her man, how did they get into the life?”
“Love of your life? Soulmate?” Eileen offered with a somewhat cheeky but nonetheless touched gleam in her eyes, and Dean huffed out a small chuckle. He felt the smile on his lips widen and linger.
“I’m not. I’m just saying,” Sam replied without really saying
“Mmhm, I’m close,” Alejandro said after a while, his next sighed moan turning into a soft whimper as Dean sucked on him harder.
Dean laughed, finding it amusing that Alejandro had easily accepted him having cooked snacks for Death, but drew the line at believing Dean had killed Hitler. “I am not.”
Alejandro’s brows went up slightly, and he laughed out softly, his brown eyes shining with amusement. “You’d buy me a beer from my own bar? You do realize I can just drink one whenever I like.”
Dean nodded. "And you know them all personally?" He accused. Cas took a deep breath as he knew what was coming and he wasn't sure he was ready to tell his lover the truth.
But it was fleeting. Once he’d broke the seal and Tessa had teleported them both out of there, once Dean no longer needed that angelic strength to protect himself and the seal, he couldn’t seem to conjure it back up again. He’d gone back to his motel room and tried other things too. Things that he had seen Cas do in the past, like levitate objects. He knew that he shouldn’t, Cas had warned him against it, but what was the harm in one or two little tests?
"Fuck, Cas… when you look at me like that I have real trouble believing you're an angel," Dean laughed and Cas smirked. He leant forward and pulled the man into a deep kiss. Their tongues explored one another's mouths, just tasting each other. Cas moaned as Dean pushed him back onto the sofa, climbing on top of him. They broke apart from the kiss, panting heavily for oxygen, and leant their foreheads together. Cas' hands ran over Dean's body and he squeezed his ass, causing the man on top of him to take a sharp intake of breath. Cas chuckled and leant up for another kiss, though this one was slower and imitate. Eventually, the long kisses turned into shorter loving ones.
a struggle. Because ‘lover’ was technically true, but it felt too flippant. ‘Partner’ was too… stale. Dean didn’t like it. However, ‘boyfriend’ seemed too juvenile, seeing everything they had been through together.
“What’s happening?” Bela whispered and Sam could only shake his head, it was too much to explain. They decided to check the rest of the bodies for pulses, but all of the empty vessels were already dead. Once they’d finished, they looked back to Dean but he hadn’t moved an inch.
Dean had never felt like this before. He’d never been this happy. As a hunter, he’d never truly allowed himself to believe that he could get something in his life that was more than just pain and bloodshed. But looking at Cas now, his husband, who was currently burning their two-monthiversary dinner, he was happy.
“Suit yourselves, I’m getting dessert,” she said, standing up and straightening out her dress before stepping back up to the buffet. There was another woman there – a redhead with a long, flowing blue dress, wearing more jewellery than Jody had ever seen one person wear before. She wasn’t paying the food much attention though and was instead filling up a giant fish-bowl glass to the brim with gin and tonic.
Now, let’s catch you guys up! 2014!Cas from the Croatoan virus episode was revived by Chuck with a healthy dose power that puts him stronger than even an Archangel. He went back in time to save Dean and the world but he has to be careful because if he did anything too drastic then time would find a way to right itself. So, he goes to Dean, masquerading as a Trickster and makes the deal to bring Sam back to life. Everything is going well and Cas keeps showing up to help them and gains their trust. Until Cas releases Dean from his deal at the last moment, interfering too much in a way that causes time to snap back into place and so Dean ends up getting dragged to hell anyway where his soul is locked up and forced to remain there. Cas showed up only moments after Dean was killed and finds Ruby there manipulating Sam into thinking that everything was Cas’ fault. Cas kills Ruby, but she’s already got into Sam’s head, and then he leaves to rescue Dean from hell. But, like in canon, he gets there just a little too late to prevent Dean from breaking the first seal.
"What did you come back to change?" Cas took another deep breath and launched into his explanation of what had happened the first time around, starting from when Dean had made the deal and leading up until Cas had been brought back to life by God. He didn't go into too much detail… just enough for Dean, who just sat quietly and listened for the whole thing, to know the basics.
“You don’t meet people like Dean Winchester and Castiel every day, you know,” Claire said, more confident now. “And when you do first meet them, you might think that there is no way that they could work, they’re just that different. I mean, take Dean – he is a junk-food addict who has not only seen, but can also quote, every single movie ever made. Whereas Cas can barely understand a Star Trek reference and only actually learnt what pop tarts were… like a week ago.”
Also, I'm well aware it's been over a week since my last update and I'm sorry about that. I had planned on posting this chapter on 24th but I spent the entire day watching Teen Wolf and making a dress so I forgot
One of the demons produced a demon blade and Dean watched with wide eyes as it marched forward and sliced at Cas. The angel was able to jump out of the demon’s way just in time, receiving only a small cut on his arm from the blade. But he was already so weak that he faltered in his next movements. And the angel blade was soon plunged into his chest.
. He was still so drained from when Sam had stabbed him that he didn’t seem to be fully aware of the situation.
for 13 hours a damn day and falling into it despite his willpower trying to keep him alert.
’, though Bobby didn’t clarify that bit of information.
Cas’ lips were pretty and pink, hanging open in shock, but twisted upwards in happiness too. And this smile was so much better than the last one, because this time, Cas wasn’t about to be torn away from him. This time, nothing was keeping them apart.
"We'll have to go somewhere safe in case you pass out… I have another safe house," he admitted, withdrawn. Dean nodded and a few seconds later Cas flew them to another street. He was shocked when he looked around to see an abandoned factory surrounded by fields and trees and nothing else in sight other than the road. He turned to Cas, worrying that the angel was getting weaker and unable to fly correctly. But he just started walking and so Dean followed.
And then someone was chanting an exorcism. A woman. Sam looked up and saw none other than Bela Talbot standing over him with the colt. She had only gotten a few words into the exorcism when the demons all suddenly up and left their hosts, retreating. Sam looked around in surprise but he supposed that they had done what they’d come here to do: they had killed Cas. Sam spared Bobby a glance to make sure he was alright before his eyes trained onto the door to the panic room.
Being one of the only people in the room who understood Japanese, Cas gave a short laugh, but Dean either didn’t notice or didn’t care as he continued to stare wide-eyed up at Bobby, smile firmly in place. He hadn’t stopped smiling once since he’d said his vows.
"We don't want your help," Sam said angrily and Cas moved his head up towards the sky like he does when someone is being unreasonable or annoying, Dean smiled. But then he caught sight of something in Sam's hand; it was only a slight glint of shiny metal, half hidden up his coat sleeve. But he recognised it and began to panic. It was an angel blade. While Cas wasn't paying attention Sam thrust the blade into his chest, catching him off guard. Everything seemed to happen in slow motion.
The wedding ceremony was taking place in a field out back behind the bunker, but all the guests were milling around in the library for the time being, so Charlie went to check there first. She arrived in the room at the same time that the demon Crowley entered the bunker… dressed in a white suit jacket… which was not only a questionable choice for a wedding but also
’ thing. This felt
"This
Cas was saying it. The only other time that Cas had told him this, it had been moments before the Empty appeared and swallowed him up, taking him from Dean before he’d even had the time to process it.
. He stood there beside the three-tiered cake – which, yes, okay, Dean wasn’t a huge fan of cake really; but this one did look pretty amazing, so props there – and cleared his throat as he began to speak.
Sam raised his hands up in a ‘whatever’ gesture while all the guests whooped and cheered and laughed as loud as they could. The kiss went on for far longer than was considered in good-taste, and by the time that the two righted again, Dean was positively flustered and as bright red in the cheeks as Sam had ever seen him. But he grinned, grabbed Cas’ hand, and they rushed down the aisle together while the guests all threw seeds in their wake.
“You alright there?” Dean asked, picking up on her hesitation.
"God, Cas. I'm so sorry," he whispered and moved his had to cup his boyfriend's face, Cas leant into the touch slightly and swallowed.
Claire rolled her eyes, but she was smiling.
The song faded out, and so Sam straightened up and cleared his throat.
“Tonic’s at the buffet. Knock yourself out,” he said, managing to omit the ‘please’ from his sentence.
"Where's the house?" He asked and the angel indicated to the factory ahead of them.
He took the microphone from Mary and stood up.
“I’ve got quite the speech to follow up there, haven’t I?” Bobby started. “Well, I ain’t much for words, but I’ll see what I can do.”
, Sam? Let me out!” Dean shouted… he was getting a little anxious. Had whatever case the two had been working on messed with their heads or something?
Charlie was in a committed relationship was able to knock the breath right out of her lungs.
"I've got time," Dean insisted and Cas sighed as he finally gave in.
(See the end of the chapter for
[] [] []
"You killed Zachariah?" She asked incredulously and several of the angels, including herself, pulled out their weapons. She took a step towards him and Cas raised his blade in a warning.
“That’s er…” Sam and Bobby shared a look. “It’s a long story,” Sam finished.
“No!” Dean shouted, beating against the door with his fist. His family was being attacked while he was locked in this damn panic room with no way to help. All he could do was stand and watch. Cas dispatched the first 2 demons quickly with the demon blade while Bobby fought them off with the demon knife and Sam loaded the colt and began firing. But there were too many and his family wasn’t prepared for the onslaught. How had Cas not sensed them? That was supposed to be impossible!
had made it through this whole thing without clashing even once – and Charlie left too.
” It meant something along the lines of ‘
For as much as the pair of them had given Sam a headache this morning – well, let’s be honest, they’d been giving him a headache for twelve years now – he was glad to be the one up here with them.
can get to us as well as to you," Dean said, hoping that Cas would take the bait and sighing in relief when the angel nodded a few moments later. "Okay… how do we do this?"
It’s just a joke really, he knew that Cas couldn’t put on or lose weight as an angel. His body was immortally stuck in its present state. But Dean didn’t like to think about that too much though as it always made him a little anxious when thinking about their future. But even admitting that to himself was a shock: Dean had never really thought he could have a future where he would grow old and chubby. But now… Cas made him feel hopeful.
“Dean…” Sam began to say, but he didn’t know how to finish that. Only half an hour ago he’d thought that Cas was evil. But now… now he supposed it didn’t matter whether he was or wasn’t because Dean was going to have to mourn him no matter what. Dean walked past Sam and into the room. Everyone was silent as Dean knelt beside Cas’ body. He brushed his hands through Cas’ hair and pulled his body into his arms. He was shaking but silent.
!” at them from where he was sitting in the back row.
him anymore.
Bobby smiled.
This was probably terrible but I’m just so happy to actually be writing destiel again. They’re such an amazing ship. If only the world would let them be together :(
Surprisingly, Dean didn’t seem to care about that anymore… or maybe it wasn’t so surprising considering the choice words he’d let slip last night while absolutely
Ellen and Jo's source ended up being yet another dead end; the boys drove back in a sullen mood but Castiel knew that he couldn't stay for much longer. He had seals to save and there was too much work still to be done. So, instead of following Dean around for a little longer like a lost puppy, he said a quick goodbye to the brothers and flew away. He had all intention of returning after a few days to check in, but he hadn't been expecting to be forced back to the Winchesters after the sensors alerted him to the presence of an angel nearby.
“As much as I love this panic room, Bobby. I’d like to get out now,” he snarked. Bobby and Sam shared a look before Bobby nodded his head and took a step towards Dean. But then the door to the basement slammed open and everyone spun around to see the source of the noise. Dean pushed himself closer against the metal but, no matter how much he strained, whatever had caused the noise wasn’t visible from the small hole in Bobby’s panic room door.
PS. next chapter is already written and I'm hoping to have them all finished by the end of next month.
too similar to Cas and Dean’s for it to be a coincidence.
“We’re gathered here today,” he said loudly, being sure his voice carried through the gathering of family and friends, “to celebrate the love of Dean Winchester and Castiel.” Sam laughed to himself, smirking momentarily as he continued with: “So, let’s get these two idiots hitched, shall we?” That was met with cheers from the guests, which wasn’t exactly the etiquette for a normal wedding, but it certainly was for a hunter one.
“No, trust me, that checks out,” he muttered. He seemed to think about the question for a moment but shrugged. “I ain’t got a clue, Man. Champagne isn’t exactly my thing.” Sam looked like that answer would not sit well with Linda, so Charlie just laughed and shook her head.
blasted through the speakers.
For a giant and well-feared hunter, Sam Winchester really was cute.
“Nah, I’m not much of a cook. More of a hacker,” the guy said. He finally had enough room to fit the pie on the table, and then he offered Jody his hand to shake. “Name's Ash, but you can call me Doctor Badass.”
Claire took her seat, turning to Jack with a question in her eyes. He only grinned back, but that was all the answer she needed.
"Dean, no, you can't think like that."
Dean felt physical pain at the loss of his boyfriend. He would never see Cas again. Never hear his voice or kiss his lips. Nothing.
"Is he going to be okay?" the oldest brother asked, softly.
"No. It'll stop hurting eventually."
Soon, everyone else was joining in.
"No." Cas shook his head, "not all of them. But… many of them, yes."
Idk why I thought this whole "grace sharing" idea made any sense when I first thought it up… but I like wing!kink and so I decided to keep it, no matter how stupid it is. Btw, in case you can't remember, the other way that Cas mentioned that could help save him but was very dangerous is by touching a human soul (he did this with Bobby in season 6). I know that a
Dean nodded and started to clench and unclench his jaw, Cas watched in awe. Something about that simple movement made his features sharper and more attractive, he licked at his cracked lips as his eyes travelled over the face of his lover, memorising its beauty. Dean turned and met his eyes.
And Dean hadn’t ever really thought he was a ‘
And as Dean drove, with every passing second, he built up more and more courage. He questioned why he was even scared of it in the first place; why was he so terrified to ask for what he wanted? Was it the rejection that he feared? Because that just wasn’t rational, not anymore. Not after what Cas had said…
“And don’t forget to exorcise him before you come back in!” another hunter, who Claire was pretty sure was named Rufus, shouted after them. His comment received a fair few cheers.
“It’s you again.” He swore it was taking all of his efforts to not just kick this woman out of here. God, why had the Winchesters decided to make so many friends out of their bad guys?!
to be at full strength for this fight. Lilith wouldn’t give the angels the opportunity to take Sam from her grasp.
because everyone knew that would have only ended with them both sneaking off to have sex before the ceremony had begun – he wasn’t an angel anymore. Hadn’t been one since Jack brought him back from the Empty two months ago. That didn’t stop Dean from using ‘Angel’ as a pet name for the guy at any given opportunity, though.
Linda was tapping at her watch at the back of the room, so Bobby figured he’d better move this along before she tackled him for the mic.
Right now was definitely one of those times.
In fact, the only reason this chapter is even written now and not in 2 weeks time when I've bought a new laptop and don't have to suffer using my Dad's horrible one, is because of that one guest reviewer who reviewed like four times begging for an update. So yeah, this update is for you!
Dean supposed he had
Like I said at the beginning of this chapter, this will be my last post for several weeks but I promise that this fic won't be stopped completely and updates should start back up again before the end of next month. I am really sorry for where I left this before going on my hiatus. I didn't realise until today which chapter it was that I was leaving you hanging on... sorry.
“I suppose we should just be grateful that they didn’t make us wear cowboy boots,” Sam muttered, clearly thinking the exact same thing as her, and Mary laughed. She probably wouldn’t have minded that, though… she looked
I managed to update without any prodding from followers!
“You clearly never saw Cas when he thought no one was watching,” she said. “Yeah, he put on that tough guy act. But he would look at Dean like he was his whole damn world… I would know, people look at me that way all the time,” she bragged and Sam rolled his eyes. They waited a little longer before going back inside. Bobby excused himself without giving much information about what he was up to and Bela hung back in the kitchen with a glass of water as Sam went to sit with his brother.
"Not quite…"
It was everything else that he’d left behind. It was the life that he’d only
So, she’d stationed the demons outside of Bobby’s house, their vessels warded by witches to disguise them, and waited until they were sure that Castiel was present. And so now Castiel was dead, Bela had infiltrated the Winchesters’ inner circle and was reporting to Lilith, and the angel warding remained. Everything was going exactly to plan.
. He didn’t know yet whether that made this easier or harder.
So, three years later and I’m finally back. I want to apologise but I’m not going to write a big explanation because it makes no difference anyway. So, sorry!
They danced for a while, together, only splitting up for the duration of one song when
The next morning, Dean got the call. He was wrapped up on the bed with Cas at the time. He grunted at the sound and opened his eyes a little to see Cas practically lying on top of him: the angel barely reacted to the noise, pulling himself closer to Dean. Dean kissed the mess of dark hair softly and wrapped an arm around his angel. At the same time, Dean was reaching for his phone. A couple of seconds later, and with more than a little effort, he had it in his hand and answered the call without disturbing Cas.
“You were covered under the ‘
“Prove it,” Sam eventually challenged and Cas sighed.
Ellen responded by batting at his arm and rolling her eyes. Ash shrugged and continued eating. He couldn’t help but think about how that’s what everyone kept saying about them today, though. That they were happy. Maybe that was just the norm for a wedding – Ash wouldn’t know, he hadn’t been to any before – or maybe it was just because
"He was going to kill you," Uriel protested calmly.
"You should have one too," he said, hoping to gain back some of his trust which he knew was fading away at every second that passed. "They come in handy." Dean slowly reached out and took the blade from him.
Once they were done, Dean went inside and picked Cas’ body up from the sofa. Slowly, he carried the body outside. With Sam’s help, the body was placed on top of the pyre. Bela and Bobby soon joined them as Dean tossed his lighter onto the mound and watched it go up in flames.
When Jody turned back around, her eyes fell on the redheaded witch again – who she could now safely assume was Rowena – as the woman dragged Sam up to the karaoke machine and made him duet
But first.
Cas hadn’t said anything about it again since. But Dean wasn’t sure whether that was because he believed Dean, or he just didn’t want to upset him. Dean hoped to a God that apparently
,” he insisted. “He’s here to help us. That’s all he’s ever done. Just, for a
Lilith didn’t deign to answer Crowley. Instead, she moved to the table and picked up the angel blade gently. Such a powerful weapon and she was the only demon to hold one, having secured it as a part of her alliance with the angels. Surprisingly enough, they had been the ones to send the message to her. She was surprised to learn that they wanted this Apocalypse as much as she did and their attempts to stop it was just an act. But there was one being standing in their way. Lilith turned and held the blade out to Tobias.
to know about this kind of crap. But Dean supposed he was always one for trying to protect Sammy. What kind of big brother would he be if he didn’t?
She hugged them both, and the crowd clapped – and that included the
Cas grabbed Dean’s arm and quickly pulled him along as they searched for somewhere private for a little fun, laughing when Dean used his spare hand to pinch his ass and leant in close to whisper filthy things into his ear.
“Then explain how you threw that demon ten damn feet with enough power to crack a wall, Dean!” Sam shouted. And Dean’s mouth fell closed. How did they know about that? “We were there last night. We saw everything.”
heavier than a pencil. He screwed his eyes up tight and pushed with everything he had, but all he got in return was a migraine.
Cas wasn’t proud to admit that this game went on for several days while the guest list expanded to include Hannah, Lisa Braeden, Cas’ sort-of-wife from when he had amnesia Daphne (and yes, he imagined that, if she had, in fact, turned up today, she would have been in for a shock), Dean’s ex-girlfriend Cassie, and the Djinn Queen that Cas may or may not be technically married to…
“A vessel?” Sam questioned. This was the first he was hearing about this.
But then Led Zeppelin’s
“Back at you, Doctor Badass.”
"He's not a monster"
Eileen wouldn’t exactly say that she was on ‘
She figured she would have plenty of company for that too.
“Charming as ever, Dean,” she said and rolled her eyes. Dean took a beer and sat next to her, taking his first sip as Bobby walked into the room looking a little frazzled.
"You have nothing to apologise for," he replied softly, but Dean still blamed himself for not being able to stop it.
"That's… complicated."
Before they could talk any more, though, Eileen was being tapped on the shoulder. She turned around to find Claire and Kaia, both grinning wide with a laughter Eileen couldn’t hear. Kaia pointed towards the karaoke machine, and Eileen followed her gaze to find Sam standing up there awkwardly with Rowena draped over his arm, the two of them singing along to Grease’s ‘
"But you just said that the first seal was when I tortured souls in hell… and we both know that
Sorry, but this is not the chapter Dean gets the truth. I wish it could be but I have big plans for that whole reveal.
It was supposed to have been John walking alongside her down this aisle, but it had soon become obvious that none of them had really wanted him involved today, and they were all just putting on appearances for one another. Still, Dean invited him to the wedding – probably more out of a sense of duty than anything else – but when John’s response was lacklustre at best, they’d decided to keep him out of the procession itself. Which was good thinking, it seemed, as Sam had announced this morning that John wouldn’t be making an appearance at all today. Mary wasn’t sure exactly what had gone on there because no one was talking about it, but she swore once this day was over, she was going to track that man down and kick his ass.
“He was one of the good guys,” Dean mumbled and Sam nodded because, whether that was or wasn’t true, it was a moot point now anyway.
Dean pressed forward and did something that he had dreamt of doing for a long,
She’d never really had that for herself before.
"Dean…"
But it became pretty clear over the next few weeks that it wasn’t more days of sea, sun, and sand that they needed. They just needed –
“I am,” they both responded at the exact same time. Again, another roar of laughter from the attendees.
“Wait, no!” Dean shouted, panicked. But it was useless. He moved quickly towards the door again in just enough time to see Cas appear from thin air, standing on the bottom step to the basement. Cas looked
“I’ll take a gin and tonic,” Rowena continued, ignoring his attitude. Ash just reached over and passed her the entire bottle of gin. Maybe she would be more tolerable if she were drunk.
stop hurting though… won't it?" Dean asked worriedly and Cas nodded again. "
Kevin nodded, so Eileen quickly made her way through the crowd, leaving Claire and Kaia to keep Kevin out of trouble. Though, a voice in her head told her that perhaps they would only end up doing the exact opposite…
regular guests.
"Don't lie to me. Please. We're past that," Dean said with a pleading tone.
“Calm down, Fergus,” Rowena appeased, “it was just a wee mistake. I’m sure you’ll still look dashing without the jacket.” And, more importantly, without the jacket, he was dressed in a more acceptable black and grey. The witch gave Charlie a subtle wink and led her son away, and Charlie grinned. Yep, she was definitely more tolerable now.
From one second to the next, Cas was in his arms. Dean’s trepidation faded into nothing as he clutched desperately back at his angel and inhaled deeply, his senses flooding with the scent that was uniquely Cas. He smelt like the sea, like static, like an oncoming storm.
’ the onions. Obviously, that had been a disaster.
? He saw the light finally fill the room in a brilliant flash of white which they all had to cover their eyes from. And then Cas was gone. He couldn’t see him, but he knew it was true. He knew it like he knew how to breathe. The grace inside of him felt empty and cold now and Dean’s legs felt like they were going to give out. The only thing that was keeping him standing was knowing that Sam and Bobby were still fighting for their lives.
He’d first tried the telekinesis out on something small like a pencil. After a few tries, he’d just about got it to roll off the table. Eventually, with practice, he’d managed to get the pencil to lift back up onto the table. But it had taken a
"So… angels. They're basically just dicks with wings?" Dean asked and Cas huffed out a laugh.
Dean was thinking that fast that it was almost incoherent. But Cas was able to pick out a few rushed sentences that were repeating '
“I’ll put some music on,” Cas said, but Dean was soon up on his feet and shaking his head no.
"She saved our lives. Multiple times!"
“Can I talk to you for a second, Bobby?” Sam muttered through a clenched jaw and Dean rolled his eyes as his brother walked past without a word to him.
(See the end of the chapter for
away. Not now; not ever again.
Dean tracked her down and discovered the building Cas has told him about, covered in angel warding sigils. For a moment, Dean had worried that he wouldn’t be able to pass through. But he took a deep breath and tried anyway. He’d had to grit his teeth as the grace inside of him twitched painfully while he passed the border but, once he was inside, he was fine. That was until he was ambushed by Alastair and his goons.
Dean stared up at the sky while he searched for the words. He wanted to do this right. He wanted…
a taunt. Not really. The way he said it might have sounded like he was goading and making a joke of the situation, but in reality, the thought of Cas singing Led Zeppelin to him only served to make Dean’s insides twist up into knots. And Cas knew that because Cas knew
But there was one thing standing in their way: the trickster sitting on the Winchesters’ shoulders. Which, as it turned out, wasn’t a trickster after all but a rogue angel. They assumed he was staying at Bobby Singer’s house but they couldn’t be sure as it had been completely warded against angels… but a demon could still get through.
Mary turned back to Bobby and Sam, all of them waiting to hear the opening notes of that ridiculous song…
"Cas, is there any other way to help you?"
!’ from the guests, and Claire nodded.
The guests had all left the bunker now to take their seats outside, which just left the wedding party inside, standing and waiting by the side door that would lead out onto the makeshift aisle that Linda had arranged.
Dean woke up five hours later, feeling like he'd been stabbed. It took him a while to remember everything but, once he did, his eyes shot open. At first, he couldn't move through the pain, but he forced himself to. He sat up and noticed the scruff of dark hair of the man sitting on the floor against the bed and sighed in relief.
Bobby Singer, the one from what everyone kept calling the ‘Apocalypse World’; Bobby could only imagine how fucked up
option left… Cas had been warning him against using the grace inside of him, but Dean had been too curious to resist. After discovering that he could chuck a man his size halfway across the room without even breaking a sweat, he’d tested it out a little. Not massively, though. It turned out he had less control when he wasn’t fighting for his life.
I'd really love that, as so many of you have accompanied me throughout the process of posting this fic with so many lovely comments and valuable input.
“Feisty little thing she is. Scottish, redhead.”
“Penetration?”
Then, closing the remaining distance between them with one swift step, both of Dean’s hands were at the sides of Alejandro’s face, and just a split-second later Dean was kissing him.
experience in that direction,” Dean said now, and he sounded almost a little defensive, albeit awkward about his own revelation. At least so much was visible on his face. “I mean, not like… like this. But… I probably shouldn’t go there.”
Stepping out again, they noticed that pretty much all tables were fully occupied. So they did what Dean had also wanted to do when thinking of this vacation: they mingled with the locals. They met some of Alejandro’s friends who sat around the largest table, close to the bar, and although they were all a couple of years younger than them - some even ten or more years - Dean had a good time. A great one, even. The four girls and three guys treated them almost like old friends. Despite the language barrier - not all of them could speak English very well, and only Sam could hold a very basic conversation in Spanish - they welcomed them warmly and openly. Dean realized that, on all their travels, they had rarely ever allowed themselves to connect with people just for the sake of the good company.
Dean looked back at Sam who just shrugged in defeat. And okay, maybe just getting down into a hotel’s restaurant for breakfast and dinner was nice, too - not having to take care of their own meals for once, but Dean wanted to give it a try. They could still move on to a different location after a day or two if they didn’t like it.
“Hello Sam, congratulations,” Cas said, as Dean had pressed the button and put the phone onto the bed between them. Cas’ hand automatically found his.
“Coming right up,” Alejandro said, nodding and smiling, before lightly jogging back to the bar on bare feet. He was only wearing knee-length beach shorts and a loose fitting tank top with patterns in yellow and green, and Dean could see that his skin, probably already slightly darker than his own to begin with, definitely had seen a lot of sunshine. His own legs looked pastry-white in comparison.
It was a calm night when Dean walked back to the apartment building. The houses around were all dark, the people in them having long gone to bed and nobody awake yet, either. There was just the soft rushing of waves to his left and the faintest, slightly cool breeze on his skin, and Dean was in no rush.
As Alejandro turned to make his way towards the other two patrons, he just briefly stopped and looked at Dean over his shoulder.
“How do you feel about a game of cards?” Alejandro asked, just as he had set up his bluetooth speaker, a playlist with Bob Marley, and other beach and holiday themed tunes he’d put on there with Dean’s input.
Also, please let me know what you think of Alejandro, since he is an original character that I made up. I always find it interesting to know how these come across to readers.
It was strange how relief and this sense of freedom mixed with sadness and loss. Or maybe it wasn’t strange at all, because both were a part of him. Both could be true at the same time, and that was another moment of clarity for him. That his grief didn’t have to be pain alone but could be gratitude as well, could be love that he felt, true and real, painful and good at the same time.
“Do you want something light and refreshing or a bit stronger?”
Both men chuckled.
“I have a similar one,” Alejandro said at last, and Dean’s brows automatically went up.
“Uh, yes?”
“Hm, rock, mostly,” Dean replied, sensing that this might be something where their tastes differed somewhat significantly. “Some blues, some swamp rock, some heavy metal.”
“Bitch,” he replied.
“Do you remember my seventeenth birthday?” Dean asked as he pulled himself from his thoughts. Sam was standing close to him now but had remained quiet, and Dean still didn’t turn around.
be able to, without feeling this horrible sense of loss in every fiber of his being.
“Okay,” Sam said, exhaling in relief. “Okay. Good.”
“Awesome,” Dean replied and got up from the bed. He definitely also needed coffee, but before he could have said anything, Sam also took a large plastic cup from the bag, and Dean sat down at the table to take a first, careful sip to assess the temperature - thankfully, not too hot to drink right away.
“Hm, you think? I was actually planning to shave it off again tonight.”
“No, it’s fine. They tip really generously.”
Dean was quiet again, and Sam didn’t push him. This time, however, Dean could not come up with another joke. There was something gnawing at him, and it forced its way out. “I’d really like to do some actual living, Sammy. I just… We’ve been on this road so long, I don’t even know if I can. I have no idea where to start.”
When Alejandro kissed him, he suddenly thought of Lee again, all those years ago. He wondered what might have come of that, of them, if his dad hadn’t had such control over him and his entire life. And with that thought came, unwanted and unbidden, the somewhat nagging question of what his dad would think of him if he knew what Dean was doing. Yes, Sam had been right that Dean did not need his father’s approval on anything, not anymore. Still, Dean had also spent so many years of his life trying to gain recognition, respect, and… well, love, that he couldn’t close the proverbial box of Pandora that had been opened in his mind.
“The few times I was… intimate with someone, it was to satisfy a curiosity, to experience the joys of the flesh. An answer to a mainly physical attraction. But it will never be just that with you, Dean. So whatever you’re willing to give me, whenever you’re ready, and whatever you don’t want to do, I will be happy with it. As long as it’s with you.”
But Sam had said it, or at least tried to before Dean had cut him off. That… Cas would have wanted him to be happy. To live, enjoy life, do all the things that made him feel good. Dean knew that to be true, because, if their roles had been reversed, he would have wanted the same thing for him - jealous though the thought made him now, even in hindsight, even in a completely fictional scenario. And he
“Really? Pest control? Interesting,” Alejandro said, and yes, that had sounded lame, but Dean had not been able to come up with a better lie. He was glad his brain and mouth had even worked in unison at all because, damn, it had been a really long time since he’d been touched by another person. Not in a fight, and not to patch him up after one, but just… in a way that felt
“Stay where you are, I want to show you something.”
Angels live a very long time.
Dean laughs a bit, “You don’t have to Cas, shh, it’s okay, lie still.”
Dean doesn’t talk though, not at first. He just walks over to the window and stares in silence for a few minutes.
“It’s important for humans” Dean says, “touching.”
Cas watches as Dean rises from his place in front of him, never breaking contact completely, and moves to sit behind him.
“Until now?” Dean asks and Cas nods, chest rising and falling like he’s been running.
But this is what keeps Castiel coming back, keeps him from beating Dean into a bloody lump when he snaps, becomes demanding, forgetful. Cas has anger inside of him that burns white hot, but he is aware now of
Dean looks back at Cas and then lowers his mouth onto the too hot skin, licking up the shaft to the head, and flicking his tongue along the slit.
“What happened?” Dean asks him, grinding against him slowly and with the same rhythm he uses to rub Cas’ crotch, his breath hot against his ear.
Humans are different. Their emotions, connections and empathy; it’s all very far from divine right.
Castiel starts to spread his legs, rising up against dean’s hand, his thighs tight with the tension.
“Now show me,” he says.
to, believe me, but I don’t think that’s enough.”
“Cas, can you hear me? I-I’m sorry, this isn’t exactly important, I just,” his voice trails off, heavy with the weight of his words.
He sucks slowly, pulling almost off and then back down, repeating this.
“It felt so good, better than anything had felt until,” Cas says as he swallows, Dean’s hand creeping back over his
There’s a flutter of wings that rustle the open book on the table, and then Cas is standing by the window of the motel. Sam and Dean had separate rooms for the night, tired of weighing their words and trying to pretend like everything is fine. Tired of fighting.
But Cas hears him, he always does, and he arrives a moment before he makes himself visible, feels guilty and voyeuristic but there is something so raw about Dean in these moments he has to take what he can get. When he appears, Dean looks surprised, but not surprised enough.
Dean rubs the front of Cas’ pants harder, pressing the rough material against the hard heat there.
Dean uses both his hands to pin Cas down, and although they both know if he wanted to, Castiel could have Dean across the room in a minute, the feel of his warm hand pressing hard against his hips is enough to still him, keep him grounded in this overwhelming human form.
It is not without effort. As Dean lowers his mouth onto the head of Cas’ cock, he is struck by how magnificent Dean looks, his lips parted to stretch around the shaft, his hand coming up and meeting his lips when he can’t fit any more into his mouth.
, that
that they have God’s love, and His favor, can be. No fear of consequence, confident that what they do is right, no matter who is in their way. Castiel would be lying if he said he wasn’t the same way, or at least, he always had been.
Dean isn’t relenting; he brings his own hand off his dick and gently presses his finger against Cas’ puckered little hole. He wasn’t expecting this, hadn’t even thought about it and the shock of the sensation sends him over the edge. He grabs Deans hair, fucking into his mouth as Dean’s hands come up to steady both his hips.
“What was hard, your cock?”
Dean runs his hands down Cas’ wiry arms, smaller than his own even though they are much more powerful.
Dean is still behind him, holding him close and he moves lips deliberately, slowly, opening up for Cas gradually and, Dean will give him this, he’s a quick learner.
“You’re holding on so tight Cas,” Dean whispers, holding his stare. “Let go a little, show me how you like it.”
Heaven is at war; he is single-handedly leading an army of rebel angels against his more powerful and vengeful brother. His men are dying, the imprint of wings etched into the walls and the floor around them.
“Go on.”
Castiel is confused. Does Dean really believe that? That he isn’t worthy of the things Castiel has done for him? He has never acted like it before. But if it were anyone else Cas would agree. He raised Dean from the pit of hell, died for him, rebelled for him, betrayed his family and his Father for him, but he does think Dean is worth it. He knows it.
One night somewhere outside of Elk Creek, Nebraska, after Sam and Dean begin hunting again together, but before Dean has really forgiven Sam, Dean calls for Cas.
Cas bucks forward, his hips rising up, begging Dean for more.
Dean is like this. His words and actions don’t reflect the soul inside as clearly as an Angels would. There is such love, such fear there, Cas can hardly stand it.
Deans fingers ghost up Cas’ shoulder to the bare skin of his neck, he drags the calloused tips along the skin of his collarbone and up behind his ear, pushing them into his hair. Cas feels his heart pounding, feels the blood pumping faster through his body, making his skin flush and warm, coiling in a tight pit in his groin. His breath catches a little as Dean uses both his hands to push off his trench coat. His shirt is starched and white, his thin tie coming lose around his neck.
Dean to notice.
Castiel doesn’t sleep, of course, but he can tell when Dean does. His breathing slows, heartbeat steady in his chest. His hold on Cas never lessens, but even if he wasn’t being held tightly, and even though there’s a war in heaven and prayers floating through his head, there’s nowhere else that Castiel would rather be.
“It happened almost on its own one day, I wasn’t awake but I wasn’t asleep. I didn’t realize what I was doing… until I did.”
The thought unsettles him, “So, you do this often then?”
He’s still jerking himself, looking at Cas in the aftermath of his orgasm.
He pushes further, hands tangled in Deans hair until he hears Dean gag, he stops the pressure, but Dean doesn’t let up, he keeps Cas pressing against the back of his throat, and find his rhythm again quickly.
“It’s alright, Dean,” Cas says, “you’re my friend, you can always call me if you need to talk.”
“Yes.” Cas breathes out the word.
“Thank you,” Cas says, “I don’t think there is anyone else I could do that with.”
“Well it’s not often I get handsy with Angels, no,” Dean says, “but humans are empty on their own Cas, I’m sure you can see that by now.”
All in all, it’s very tiresome and very unfortunate, loving a human.
Dean looks at him seriously, “Anything you want, just tell me.”
“I would do it again.” Cas says, his voice rougher than he thought it would be. Dean’s mouth is tight, and he nods, large eyes speaking the simple words his mouth can’t.
Dean’s heart is beating faster; Castiel can feel the blood under his skin, pulsing in time with the muscle in his chest. His eyes flash, and Cas knows the look. It’s one of decision, of obligation, his no-turning-back-now look.
“Nothing has made me harder than thinking about you, than touching you, this is…” He looks far away, pupils blown with lust and something that looks like nostalgia, smells like it too.
Cas can hear that he is alone, the slight shake in his voice, less demanding than he’s used to, more raw.
Dean snaps his eyes back to Cas, kisses him quickly pulling away and out from under him. Cas raises his eyes, questions flooding his mind, already foggy with lust. Did he do something wrong?But then dean is in front of him, quicker than Cas could have moved, his muscles tight and his mind slow.
Dean tugs Cas’ shirt out from where it’s tucked into his pants and Cas focuses his attention back on the touching; Dean’s hands find bare skin, slipping up under his shirt. Cas undoes the first few buttons and Dean raises it over his head, pulling it off so that he’s shirtless, facing away from Dean but pressed against him. Dean takes off his shirt too and presses his skin flush against Cas’ back.
It reminds him of the shadows left by humans in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, back in the 1940s. He remembers watching the Americans bomb Japan; it wasn’t that long ago even by Human standards, and certainly not to Castiel.
“You know right when a baby is born, before they even take it away to clean it up, they put it on the mom’s chest, skin to skin. It sets the bond, roots the baby to reality, shows them that they’re not alone, that it’s going to be okay.” Dean says and Cas shivers.
“Look at me,” Cas says.
He finds a rhythm but it’s agonizingly slow.
He feels frozen in his thoughts, grounded to reality by his hand spread out against Dean’s skin, warm and dusted with freckles. He is both suddenly aware that he has found that missing something, and terrified for when he has to let Dean go. He knows nothing of physical etiquette; he has no idea if this is okay.
“What do you mean?” Cas asks. Dean smiles and lowers himself back onto Cas. He takes one hand from his hip and laces his fingers with Castiel’s, bringing the hand up to the back of his head. He starts pushing slowly, inching further down onto Cas’ shaft. He understands now.
He fists his cock and pumps it quickly, jerking his wrist when he reaches the sensitive head. His cock is beautiful, yes, but it’s Dean’s face that has Cas breathing quickly already. His face is tense, eyes shut tight as he nibbles at his bottom lip.
“I know,” Cas says, sitting down on the edge of the motel bed. Dean is pacing again, nervous energy trembling up through him. Castiel holds out his hand and Dean looks confused for a moment, then he swallows, understanding shadowing his face and reaches his hand out to take Castiel’s. He takes Deans hand in both of his, looking up at Dean’s eyes with questions overwhelming his own.
It’s this Dean that calls to Castiel when he is alone, a Dean who listens, who has hopes and wants beyond hunting.
But he wants to give Dean everything, would die a thousand more times to protect him from being hurt.
Still, he’s surprised when it comes, and he doesn’t have Dean’s gracefulness.
Cas thinks but doesn’t say.
For all his anger, for all his pride and arrogance, there is something else in Dean. Cas has come to realize that this—
“You,” Cas says, and it’s so plain and so true that he can almost see Deans heart as he remembers how new this is to him, how raw and untouched his human form still is. As if it’s painful for him to think about Cas longing to be touched, but not knowing how to ask or even understanding why.
Cas reaches out his hand and puts it on Dean’s arm, and his lips part a little with the surprise because, oh it’s so simple, that’s what he’s wanted all this time: to touch Dean.
He knows better now.
wrong.
Dean with his too-hot little mouth everywhere all at once.
When Sam and Dean go their separate ways, after Sam kills Lillith, Castiel is shocked at how perfect being alone with Dean is. How full he feels just sitting in the front seat of that stupid car. Cas never had use for driving. Or bathing, eating, sleeping, any of those
But when Dean says, “I mean, I’ve had more fun with you in the last twenty four hours than I have with Sam in years,” smiling against the background of power ballads, an empty road ahead of them, Cas thinks he gets it.
“Dean,” he says, maybe as a warning and maybe because it’s all he can think about.
“Calm down, Doctor Badass,” she said. “The invitation specifically said that no murder was allowed.”
Huh – apple juice into champagne.
There was a grin pulling at the corner of his lips, but Dean tried desperately to keep it locked inside. Not because he didn’t want to feel it, but because he
Like the guy with the mullet who had torn the sleeves off his suit jacket, for example. Mary didn’t know where to even
They were all sitting in the Roadhouse now for the reception – himself, Mary, Sam, Jack, Claire, Charlie, and Dean and Cas all sitting upfront as everyone else was spread out on tables around the room. Bobby couldn’t help but feel a little out of place. He’d been dead for more than 8 years, and during which time, Sam and Dean’s family had only grown and grown. He’d been back for a few months now – they all had; all revived by
! A mixtape made mostly of love songs from his favourite band. “I listened to it whenever I missed you when I was away,” Cas continued, and Dean’s heart gave another little throb in his chest. “I missed you a lot.”
said that?” Charlie said, feeling sceptical, but Dean only grimaced.
Charlie smiled and nodded. “Yeah.” She was alright; she was. Because besides the inkling of jealousy she felt settling in her chest, there was also a calmness to it all. In a way, it was kind of like a reassurance that, if she ever wanted to actually try for the whole settling-down thing, she could. “How are you doing?” she asked. “Nervous?”
“So, Jack did all that?” Dean asked, an equal amount of pride and regret swirling around in his head. He never had got the chance to fully make things right with Jack. He wasn’t proud of how he’d treated the kid, wasn’t proud of the decision’s he’d made and words he’d spat out in anger. He hoped that one day he would get the chance to apologise. He hoped they could still be family. He hoped…
He stepped away from the rail and turned to see the man behind him. And there he was, standing in all his glory, dirty trench coat and all.
“You need to calm down, okay,” Dean said to Sam. “Cas is an
Well, he wanted a lot of things, but when did Dean Winchester ever get what he wished for?
I hope you guys appreciate how much effort I put into creating these seals, granted I stole some of them from season 6 of Dexter… but, the ones I actually made up I put a lot of thought into. Like this one was 40 sacrifices because in season 1 they mentioned 40 being 'biblical numerology' and 'meaning death'. Seriously, I'm more proud of the seal then the rest of the chapter.
It was fair enough to say that John Winchester was no longer going to be at the wedding.
Claire smiled nervously out at the large room of hunters, trying not to fidget. “Hey, er… most of you don’t know me. Which, er, sucks for you, I guess,” she laughed, and she thought she saw a few people in the crowd smiling back, but she suddenly couldn’t hear anything over the pounding in her ears. “I’m Claire, and I’m also the last speaker so, don’t worry, we’ll all get to eat soon enough.”
“And let them take the Winchester away from us?” Lilith asked, eyes sharp and menacing despite the sickly-sweet voice that she put on. The demon in front of her cowered and shook his head.
Cas smiled. “I know.”
Eventually, he took a pull from the beer Bobby had handed him, using it to control the emotions that were surely gleaming on his face. And, somehow, he stumbled into one of the few things that could have actually distracted him right now. That beer tasted like memories he’d almost forgotten, about one of the few bright days of his teenage years. The first drink he’d shared with his dad…
[] [] []
[] [] []
“Are you wearing makeup?”
“Do you mind if I butt in?” she asked once the song was seemingly over, and Rowena smiled.
“It was a gift,” Cas reminded him. And Dean nodded, but it was so much more than that: it was the first time that Dean had put conscious effort into telling Cas how he felt. He’d given him a
The Roadhouse was, of course, originally Ellen’s bar. But that one had burnt down like 13 years ago. Ellen hadn’t been in any rush to rebuild, but Ash hadn’t felt right without the place. Even in heaven, the Roadhouse had been his home. So, he got the go-ahead from Ellen, wired himself some money straight from a billionaire’s bank account, and built himself a bar. This place was all his now.
He was such a liar.
forget what Ruby told you. Has he
"Of course it is." Cas moved closer to the Winchester and kissed him delicately, Dean automatically kissed him back but he was too broken to put any real thought into it.
“Well…” Bobby said while Dean was still struggling to press all of his regrets and anguish back down into that little box inside his chest, to suppress everything like he’d always had to. “Cas helped.”
"You're lying to me again, aren't you?" Dean said quietly. Cas didn't answer which was all the answer Dean needed. "What can I do?"
“Hey, look at you, you clean up alright after all,” he said. It was mostly a joke, but Charlie could hear the relief in Sam’s voice. He’d been at the bachelor party too, he’d known what had gone down. In fact, he had even taken part in the fight himself. And now they were all sworn to secrecy until after the wedding was over.
see you turn into that man again, Dean… I
This chapter I don't think is as good as some of the others, so I apologise. Also I realised around about the time that I was writing this chapter that I wasn't actually liking this 'following canon' as much as I thought I would (it doesn't give enough freedom in my writing) and so even though it carries on for a good few chapters, I managed to cut it down dramatically to get to the good stuff sooner.
“Cross my heart,” Charlie promised, looking down at the purple knee-length dress in question and straightening it out. “Thanks again for the loan.” It was a good thing that neither Cas nor Dean had decided that they wanted their party to all match, else she would have been out of luck for getting a spare outfit this close to the ceremony.
“That’s not like him,” Bobby muttered, shaking his head. And yeah, Sam agreed. But what about this situation
"What the hell, Dean?"
“Now, that’s more like it,” he said, smacking Ash enthusiastically on the shoulder as he got up to find the good stuff.
? And by Ruby do you mean the demon bitch who was manipulating you?!" Dean shouted and stepped closer.
“The girl is ready. Should we inform the angels?” One of her demons, Tobias, asked. Lilith was sitting with her council once again as her most recent plan was on the cusp of unfurling.
,” shouted the British demon at the back of the room. And, yep, high alcohol tolerance notwithstanding, he was
That question was both the easiest and hardest to answer.
They’d hoped Rowena might be able to help with that one but, apparently, the spell needed for it would have reacted poorly with the much-needed hangover cures. And they didn’t exactly have an angel on hand right now. Even if Cas had been here, getting ready for the wedding inside the bunker like Dean was – which he
become friends with
After a few more days of radio silence, Sam talked Bobby into contacting Pamela Barnes, who was all too happy to help track down Dean with a little of her physic persuasion. She had a locating spell which worked using their shared genes in Sam’s blood. Pamela had required a long moment of silence to concentrate, so long that Sam had worried that the demon blood Yellow Eye’s had bled into his mouth as a baby might affect the outcome…
“And so today, my world it smiles,” he sang. His voice was deep and rough, but still beautiful, and Dean’s heart really did leap at the sound. “Your hand in mine, we walk the miles. Thanks to you, it will be done.”
your friend, Uriel," Cas said as he released the angel, he pulled away for a second and then plunged his knife in the man's back, who proceeded to drop to the floor in front of him. Cas flew over his body to get to the Winchesters, he placed a hand on Dean's shoulder and flew all three of them to a safe house before any of the other angels broke out of their shock and decided to attack him again.
Well, everyone except Crowley, who just yelled “
"No, Dean. I'll heal soon enough without it."
“Then tell me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you want some?” she asked, turning back to Donna and the girls.
Dean was frowning so hard his forehead hurt and was about to shout over his shoulder to ask
Bess laughed and reached down to pull Cas to his feet; the former angel went along happily to the dancefloor. Dean stared after them for a moment before sighing and standing to follow.
Chapter named after the Aerosmith song of the same name
She didn’t have the different champagnes on hand to try, but she did have descriptions, so Charlie glanced down the list and picked one for the toasts. Linda left to tell Ash – who was also helping to organise the wedding since the reception would be at the Roadhouse; and, yeah, Charlie wasn’t sure exactly how
"I love you, Dean," Cas spoke, very quietly. Dean realised his skin was warm to touch, too warm; it was getting hotter and hotter. But he didn't let go, he couldn't let him go. A moment later and Cas inhaled sharply and his body cooled rapidly, Dean pulled away very slightly to look at his eyes. "It's okay, I'm going to heal. I'll be okay," Cas croaked out his promise and Dean nodded. But his boyfriend still looked weak and unstable, his head was lolling a bit as he tried to focus.
“Right, yeah,” Ash nodded. “Took the words right outta my mouth.”
“Dean and Cas are two of my best friends,” Charlie said. “I’ve known Dean for longer, sure.” She shrugged and then leant forward and stage-whispered “But I kinda like Cas better” before raising a finger to her lips and making a shushing sound.
Deep in his heart, Dean knew what he wanted. And as Bobby’s question ran through his mind, the distraction that he’d afforded himself faded and emotions – good and bad alike – filled his lungs, making it difficult to breathe. And then he saw the Impala, sitting there like the answer to his prayers. That car was his home, and right now… Dean could use some comfort, some time to think.
Claire finished her toast, blushing only a little bit as she caught eyes again with Kaia, by raising her glass and taking a sip.
Mary’s phone buzzed then inside her bag – a text from Linda Tran to the wedding group chat, informing everyone that Cas was on his way, so they had to take their positions.
“Not exactly… there’s a lot you still don’t know.”
Dean was getting married, and…
“Whenever I think of Dean, there’s an old Japanese proverb comes to mind:
The angels wanted some of Lilith’s demons to break in and destroy the angel-proofing on the building so that they could enter. But that wasn’t a good enough deal for her. Yes, getting Castiel to disappear was vital for her plan to succeed, but now that she knew what she was truly up against she was sure she could find a way to do that by herself without the angels’ help. After all, she’d been taught everything there was to know about angels by Lucifer himself. Trapping and keeping one would be easy.
“It’s fine,” Sam insisted. “And even if I wasn’t… I can’t exactly go tell him off for flirting with my girlfriend when I’m kinda the reason why he died.” He said it as a joke and followed it up with a nervous laugh, but Eileen knew that he still did blame himself for that. He didn’t seem to be in the mood to actually talk about that right now, though, so Eileen just pressed a kiss to his cheek.
. Dean was really getting into it as they belted out the verses, and Garth was glad to see him enjoying himself so much. By the time they got to the guitar solo, the newlyweds just started making out on stage, and everyone hooted and hollered. Still, they didn’t seem to care, not bothering to continue on with the final chorus as they got progressively handsy up there.
They quickly got back into the car and drove away.
– and they chose each other anyway. They’ve been through a lot, but they always come out of it, together, stronger than ever before.
“Sorry, Dean. But we have to do this,” came Sam’s reply and Dean fruitlessly pushed at the door.
Despite everything, he smiled.
time. He captured Cas’ lips with his own, hearing that soft gasp of surprise just before their mouths met, their bodies pressed flat against one another – warm, and solid, and
“He was possessing someone?” Sam asked, jaw tight. He was trying so hard to be okay with everything, for Dean’s sake, but that was messed up.
They made up the next day, of course. Dean had come to him with a peace-offering – the idea of having the ceremony out back and throwing seeds down as they left, in hopes that some would take root and create a wedding garden to commemorate their love – and Cas dressed up as a cowboy that night in bed. They rescinded all of the more stupid invitations. But, after a little thought, Cas decided to keep Crowley and Benny on the guest list after all because he knew it would make Dean happy and, at the end of the day, that was all that mattered.
“Do I look like a painted whore to you?” Dean protested as Charlie neared him with a makeup brush. She grinned.
“Hey, be nice, it’s my wedding day,” Dean protested, fake-affronted, but Cas let out a short laugh.
“Let him go,” he said softly. Dean needed some space right now.
"What is that?"
Did demons have a higher tolerance for alcohol than people did? She’d never exactly thought to ask before…
"Castiel?" Zachariah asked in complete shock once he'd turned around to face him. "We thought that you were dead…"
"You didn't screw things up." Dean locked eyes with the angel and silently pleaded for the truth. Cas took a deep breath in and let it out slowly, he broke their eye contact and looked down at his hands instead. "You changed, you started to blame yourself more than ever before for how everything played out, you lost that… spark, that made you who you are." There was silence in the room and he could feel waves of sadness coming off of Dean. "That's why you have to stop blaming yourself, I
“You spoil him,” Ellen said, shaking her head. Ash only shrugged. That’s what family was for.
“What’s going on here?” Cas asked. The confused look on his face was enough to make Dean smile. He never got to see his angel look like that, Dean was usually the one a step behind in their relationship. But then he saw how Sa tensed suddenly and was reminded that now was
Cas kept held of Dean’s hand as Claire passed him the ring, and he repeated the vows back to Dean while the two of them collectively wore the biggest grins Sam had seen.
"I know," Cas whispered and Dean lifted himself up a bit to look into his lover's eyes.
"Gee, Sam. Tell me what you really think," Dean muttered as he tried to come up with a way to explain to Sam. Though his brother had a point; Cas wasn't a monster, he was an angel, but Dean hadn't known that when they'd first started having sex.
“I swear, I’m not much of a fighter, but I might just kill that witch,” Ash muttered, staring after her retreating form, and Jody laughed.
“It depends,” Bobby muttered. Cas shook his head but Dean saw him unfurl his glorious glowing white wings. There was sudden unnameable energy in the room that made the skin on the back of Dean’s neck prickle. The lights began to flicker and Dean could hear the sound of thunder right above them. Suddenly, Cas’ wings began to cast a shadow in the room as they splayed open wide. Sam took a step back. But, as quickly as they’d appeared, the shadows disappeared. Dean watched as Cas’ wings fluttered closed again. He had to admit, the real thing was much more amazing than the shadows they left behind.
After about twenty minutes, Cas forced himself into a meditative state.
He didn’t even realise he was sending out some sort of mental distress call until Cas replied.
less than three months ago – freaking
“This is for your own good, Boy,” Bobby answered and Dean banged his fist on the iron door. “Whatever that trickster is doing to you needs to stop.”
, again and again, Dean. And I will continue to do so for the rest of my life.”
?” Cas asked, surprised, as he turned to face Dean once again, he was frowning and looked somewhere between angry and disappointed. “I told you not to push, Dean.”
going to change my mind, Cas," he said and Cas nodded and leant back against the headboard.
“You did
,” Dean snarled and Sam had to jump forward to hold Dean back as he attempted to dive over the table to get to her. He looked as though he wanted to kill her.
like Dean? When did he go around dating monsters? And why wouldn’t he tell Sam about this? Sam had thought he’d found out the last of Dean’s secrets the first time he’d met Alastair and discovered that Dean had tortured souls in hell. But, apparently not.
Linda opened the door and ushered them out, Sam walking down the pebbled pathway first. At the end of the aisle was a large oak tree, decorated with ribbons of all colours, and that was where Sam stood. Whereas Mary and Bobby moved to stand in the front row of white fold-out seats. It was a cold morning today, but that didn’t matter when there were also so many space heaters surrounding the seats laid out to the right and left of the aisle. After getting to their chairs, Mary turned back around to see the flower girl skipping happily down the pathway, followed by the rest of the wedding party while the soft strumming continued to play through the speakers on the lawn.
So, she squared her jaw and crossed her arms. “Hey, don’t talk about Dean like that! He has some good qualities too.”
Unfortunately, Jack was with Cas right now too, so that also took Godly healing off the board this morning, so makeup was the only option they still had left.
Alejandro looked down at him, a smirk playing around his lips as he gently patted Dean’s chest. “I like the sound of that.”
Tuesday morning, and here's a new chapter.
Sam announced this, smacking Dean’s leg a little too forcefully and leaving no room for objections.
“Probably for the best,” Dean said, “It’s not like most of that stuff even still matters. But hey, if she ever needs info on a specific creature or something, we have a pretty big-- Uh, we have a
“I mean, did he suspect? Was it something he said or did, or… Was that why you never--?”
He saw Cas sitting in the armchair across from him, just that it wasn’t the log cabin anymore, but a larger room that looked like the bunker’s library merged with something else. Something he couldn’t quite grasp. He still felt the heat of the flames, but when he looked, there was an open window in front of him, sunlight streaming in and warming him. Dean felt at peace, felt happy as he looked over to Cas and smiled… just before he realized this couldn’t be real. Before he remembered that Cas had died, and, with a pang of shock, before he could even try to remember how Cas had come back, he woke up.
“Uh… that’s a
The entity that ruled, well rather
Sam let out an awkward, helpless little chuckle before his hand, more automatically than consciously, went up to pinch the bridge of his nose. There were things about his brother’s sex life he didn’t need to know in detail.
“You do realise Bob Marley’s Jamaican, right?” Sam asked, with that know-it-all tone and then went into incredulous. “And since when are you into Reggae?”
“Yeah, well, it’s not like we’d-- uh,”
Even with Alejandro’s hands on his body, his lips wandering lower to follow the trail of his fingers, Dean could not shut up his mind completely. He was embarrassed beyond belief when he realized that Alejandro noticed.
Hope you enjoy this one too.
“Hm, I should go,” Cas mumbled, but it took several moments for him to finally break away from the embrace.
It had probably also helped that none of the people close to him had reacted negatively. Sam had been supportive from the start. Jody, Donna, the girls, Garth, and everyone else had been surprised at most, and delighted in the least. So what if there were people out there who thought of an all-male relationship as something dirty and wrong? They meant nothing to Dean, and he wouldn’t let such stupid concepts stand in the way of his happiness any longer.
As much as Dean would have wanted Cas to come back sooner, to spare himself the months of pain, he also thought that, maybe, he
They had left the main highway down from Brownsville once before to get to the shore line - a detour that had cost them over two hours, only to find a really tiny settlement with no proper shops or restaurants anywhere near. Although the beach had looked nice from a distance, they had decided to try somewhere else.
a while later, dressed in beach shorts and t-shirts, which had been a perfect choice. Sweaty and heated from the bright sunlight as they were after cruising over the far-stretching sand dunes for an hour or so, they cooled off in the ocean, finding the strip of shore utterly devoid of any other people.
“Did dad ever--” Sam now stopped completely, and Dean breathed in slowly, pressing his eyes shut for a moment as he, too, halted in his steps. He did not turn around to his brother.
“Hakuna Matata, huh? Yeah, you only watch ‘
But thank you all for your lovely comments and your support throughout the journey!
There was a pause and Sam looked at him, brow very subtly furrowed, his expression still rather serious, and Dean wondered what awkward and completely unnecessary thing he might say next.
. He could not feel his body yet or see, but he felt that he
It was a perfectly understandable question, but it caused a knot to form in Dean’s throat, making it hard to swallow his emotions. The prolonged pause prompted Alejandro to look at him again, his eyebrows knitted together, but then the understanding spread across his features. If not for any details, then at least for the fact that the topic troubled Dean, so much so that he downed the remainder of his tequila and tried hard to think of other angels that weren’t Cas. At long last, he forced a small smile. “Well, I mentioned Gabriel earlier. We teamed up with him. And a few others.”
to learn to at least prepare something simple so he and Sam wouldn’t live off cereal and vending machine snacks whenever their dad had gone off on a hunt for days. No, today was not the day to let any dark memories cloud it.
“It’s ridiculous,” Dean replied. “The man’s been dead for fourteen years.” Except for that one time when he’d come back. When
who had hardly had a chance at just
“Also get some pie!” was the last thing that reached Dean’s ears as the heavy iron door of the bunker fell shut. He saw Sam stop in his tracks, turning to give Dean a smirk.
“I’m sure it’s not just noise when you play,” Cas said softly. He was still sitting at the table, several steps away from Dean, but his warm smile made something in Dean’s chest swell even over the distance.
pity himself and scratch open old wounds he’d long ago patched up, even if some of them had never fully healed.
They both leaned in a bit closer, Alejandro propping himself up to brush a kiss against Dean’s lips, unhurried and soft, and Dean probably could have fallen asleep just a minute later. He didn’t want to, however.
Alejandro’s touches and kisses felt amazing, as always, far more practiced than Deans. He, too, had picked up a few things Dean particularly liked. Closing his eyes, Dean felt his breath come out in small, low sighs. He was in no hurry to find quick release, and Alejandro noticed it, slowly and gently, almost teasingly letting his lips slide up and down around him.
It was a throwaway comment, but Dean recognized a brief look of realization and the smallest apologetic half-smirk on Alejandro’s features just as the words had come out of his mouth.
hard after all, to try and do some actual living.
, though.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Just as the words were out, Dean felt another stab of pain in his chest because he remembered when he’d last said almost exactly that. It was another moment in which a truth had shaken something loose in him, had left him gobsmacked, and tore something from his subconsciousness he had never dared to fully acknowledge. Just that there hadn’t been enough time...
So far, Dean hadn’t told him or even decided for himself how much longer he was going to stay. He probably should get back, but the more days passed down here and the more used he got to this easy, relaxing, and pleasant beach life, the less tempted he was to pack up his stuff and head back home.
That was all Dean needed to hear.
“Though I thought it usually came with words.” A few years ago, Dean would have understood those words as what he’d sometimes described as genuine angelic confusion. Now, however, there was something very mildly teasing in Cas’ words, a bit of a challenge, and damn, Dean really wanted to stand up to it, at least eventually.
“And you won’t?” Sam replied sarcastically.
“A reflex?” Alejandro asked, the furrows on his brow softening into an openly interested gaze.
It really must have come as a surprise, though. Alejandro set the sketchbook aside and went back to the kitchenette, pouring himself another tequila, and Dean had to laugh at that.
a bucket list.” Sure, there had always been things he wanted to do, or dreamed of doing - bungee jumping not being one of them. With the life they had led, though, actually planning something long-term and working on fulfilling some kind of dream hadn’t been something Dean had thought he’d be able to do.
how we grew up, the person you’ve become. I know you looked up to him when we were kids, and in his own messed up way, dad loved us and tried to do his best, but… he never let us be
Dean still had the guitar on his lap, but he brought a hand to the back of Cas’ neck and leaned in to kiss him - not long or deep, but a gentle kiss that lasted for a few seconds.
Sam still laughed faintly, and yeah, although Dean could have punched him in the face, this was kinda nice. Pulling each other’s legs about things that had nothing to do with hunting - they hadn’t had much time for jokes the past few years.
“This really smells delicious,” Alejandro said as he emerged from the bathroom. He had gone to clean it and take a quick shower - mostly because Dean had made him leave the kitchen so he could surprise him with the result of his efforts.
Sam huffed out a small laugh. “Yeah. That is pretty pathetic.”
“You surely are a natural talent then,” Alejandro replied, and Dean couldn’t help feeling smug about himself. He didn’t usually fish for compliments, but hearing that he had pleased his partner always felt good.
, Alejandro really looked damn hot like that.
“Is she there right now?”
To Dean, it had been something that just happened, something inevitable. And the irony was that, unlike so many other things in his life, it had been the one thing
’ she replied and added, ‘
But he could find no answer to this question, no matter how long he mulled it over as he lay on his bed. He decided to look for a distraction, instead. However, scrolling through Netflix on his laptop, he somehow didn’t find anything he actually wanted to watch, everything seeming either too heavy or too dull, too familiar or too strange. With a frustrated sigh, he closed his laptop and set it aside, picking up his phone instead. There were no new text messages since the ones between him and Claire earlier today - just an exchange of photos again without any words. He decided to remedy that fact.
“Wait, okay? Just let me close up and we’ll go over to my place.”
“His name was Cas. Castiel. He... uhm, he was an angel, you see? Though he was more human by the end than most of--” his voice broke, a small, reminiscent chuckle getting stuck in his throat and forcing him to swallow. “He-- he saved me, and…” Dean couldn’t continue, couldn’t say ‘he died,’ feeling the constricting feeling travel from his throat to his chest.
“No avocado abomination for you today?” he asked instead, casually teasing and heard his brother snort while Dean was settling down to lie comfortably on his back, sunglasses on and feeling the heat on his skin.
So again, thank you to ALL of you who took the time to comment - whether it was a several 100 word long review or just a small line here and there; who joked and squeed and yelled at me for that cliffhanger. You have made this experience so much richer and more beautiful than I could have imagined.
Dean replied, truthfully.
Tuesday and another chapter. There's a new OC you'll meet here - probably not as awesome as Alejandro, and not as significant, but I hope you'll like this one too ;-)
The next one might take a little longer as it's rather lengthy. But I'm sure it's worth the wait ;-) (and I absolutely want to hear what you
And now, enjoy the next chapter.
places a bit up north, and the country club on the peninsula, of course. Hmm, I have two cabins right now that are ready. I can give you the nicer one. It’s actually our honeymoon cabin, but it’s right down on the shore and has a nice big patio facing the lake. Tell you what, I’ll give you the regular rate for one person, though. That’s hundred-and-five per night, including breakfast. How many nights will you be staying?”
He’d just made it to the start of a hiking path with a wooden sign reading the mountain’s name with enough daylight to take a good picture that he sent to Sam, Claire, and Alejandro. Sam sent back a facepalming emoji and Claire a gif from ‘
It was just about thirty to forty feet deep here, clear enough to see a wide sandy path on the bottom, framed by ragged blocks of rock and coral. Once Dean felt more comfortable with the odd sensation of breathing underwater, he soon forgot everything else. They got closer to one of the blocks, rounding a bend, and suddenly he was met with a sheer explosion of color. Swimming around the corals, there were too many fish to count - most of them small, some bigger, various shapes and the brightest hues as Dean had only seen on TV.
“Hey, you didn’t tell her… everything, though? Like, the big stuff?” Dean asked, a little concerned. That one night, he had probably spilled quite a few secrets that he should have considered sharing more carefully, but Alejandro had been so curious, so open. It had just been kind of nice - a relief even - to talk about it to someone the same way normal people were talking about their ordinary lives or careers.
“Alright. Awesome. I’ll have that
“It’s Tuesday, so things are going slow,” Alejandro said, having guessed Dean’s thoughts. He was now leaning back against the fridge casually, the beer bottle in one hand. “But on Friday and Saturday the place can get pretty packed, it’s practically one giant party here on the beach all night. So that’s some good money. It’s not a lot, but I get by. And I wouldn’t really want it any other way.”
Alejandro had already gotten into the passenger’s seat, and Dean swallowed down the knot that was automatically forming in his throat, taking a moment to breathe in, think of something else, and chase the memories away.
Sam snorted at that and shook his head faintly.
“I’m happy for you, too, Sam,” Cas said, and then they talked a bit longer. Sam told them about the baby’s size and weight, how strong Eileen had been during the birth, and how proud Sam was of her. How beautiful Jack’s little fingers looked, and that he had a dark crown of fuzzy hair on his tiny head. And Dean remembered Sam, even though he had hardly been more than a baby himself when his little brother had been born, and he remembered how much love he had felt for him then and still did.
Dean let out a somewhat theatrical sigh. “I know, it’s just…”
Alejandro sent back the laughing tears emoji and then, a moment later,
“Yeah, well, word gets around about these things among hunters. And like I said, not all of them get the whole picture. Some were pretty pissed at us for a lot of things, too.”
Leticia, who sat on his left side, was a very pretty woman with long, silky brown hair and fine features. She was possibly closest to his own age while the others all seemed quite a few years younger, Maria and Gerardo being the youngest at twenty-six and twenty-eight, as he’d learned from Alejandro earlier. Adriana and Luisa must be in their early thirties as well, and were, as Dean had been able to spot right away by their clasped hands, a couple. Luisa also reminded him strongly of Charlie - his Charlie. Despite the shorter, dark brown hair, there was something about her mannerisms and attitude - something between bubbly and shy - that resembled her very much, and it made him ache a little. He still missed her sometimes, even five years after she had died.
