“Something,” the woman yawned into her hot tea. “Where's Steve? Didn't he get back this morning?”
, Rogers, because I'm
All three men stopped, turning their heads to stare at the newcomer. Sam stood there, hands shoved in his pockets casually as though he hadn't just announced he was willing to go back in time with the most dangerous objects in history. “I haven't got kids or a significant other here,” Sam began to speak, holding up a hand when Steve went to object, “
Someone raced back into the Compound and emerged minutes later with a bottle of water. Uncapping it, they thrust it at Steve, who forced his hands to be steady as he helped his husband sip. Tony's eyes fluttered, an involuntary groan coming from his throat. After a few moments, Steve pulled the bottle back. “You'll make yourself sick,” he worried, brushing a hand down Tony's oil-stained cheek. “Let's get inside-”
And then, to make matters even
The message from Tony was filmed via his Iron Man helmet. Steve sat pressed between Peter and Peggy on the couch as Tony addressed each and every one of his family members individually: Happy, Pepper, Rhodey, Peter, Peggy... And then the hologram said his name.
. His throat was dry, but his eyes were wet. He gasped out the phrase again: “I'm sorry, Steve, I'm so fucking sorry-” a sob welled in the man's throat, cutting him off.
“I- I don't know what's happening-” Peter rambled out, tripping over himself as he scurried over towards his father. Tony was approaching him just as rapidly, and the two met in the middle in a pile of limbs. Tony's arms wrapped around his son, supporting the young man as Peter fell to his knees. “D-Dad-” Peter sobbed, wrapping his arms around his father's back. “I don't wanna go, Dad, I don't wanna go, I don't wanna go-” Peter repeated the mantra as Tony helped him to lie back against the dusty ground of the god-forsaken planet they'd been dragged to.
“P-Papa?”
“On my mark,” Steve commanded. Slowly, he crept past Carol and towards the ship with his shield raised. Rhodey was on his left, Thor and Carol on his right, and everyone else followed behind.
“Yea, squirt,” Bucky piped in. “Maybe I can order in some pizza for lunch and we can have a movie-marathon kinda day.”
“When I hear what?”
“No,” Steve said readily. “This belonged to my husband... and since he's not here to give it to you,
“Ah, Budapest,” Natasha grinned cat-like, “Good memories.”
“I... am...
“I love you, too, shell-head.”
“I'm sorry.”
The sentence- the one that Tony had uttered to Steve at their wedding, the ending to his vows- had been engraved around Tony's first arc reactor. It was something Tony had said to his husband, but Steve felt that it was more appropriate for
Steve's eyes went wide when the hologram of his husband grinned.
Steve was about to protest further, but a combination of his sore muscles, fuzzy vision, and Clint's glare made him relent. “Just an hour more,” he promised, stumbling backwards towards his room. “Just an... hour... or two.”
A wretched noise ripped from his chest, not a gasp and not a cry, but an unfiltered
gained Tony's love, for more than twenty years. They had gotten married, raised a son, renewed their vows, raised a daughter, and over those years they had built a team and- more importantly- a
“I swear to
“I did...” Steve drawled out as he poured himself a cup of juice. “But FRIDAY said that I would want to see what was going on in the kitchen. So what's up, Nat? Sam? Cl-”
when she says my name first!” Clint held his phone closer to Peggy as the baby grabbed at her hair, frustrated that her uncle was holding her back from her breakfast. “C'mon, princess, just say 'Clint' and we can go on with our lives. Cllllll-int.
A heavy sense of dread filled Tony's chest, and he whipped his head around to see his son stumbling towards him. No, not Peter. Not my baby boy. No, no, no-
Strange handed the stone over, and Tony felt a wave of defeat wash over him. He watched helplessly as Thanos's fist clenched, a wave of power washing over his body.
“Papa,” Peggy repeated, sniffling into his chest, “what do we do now?”
“I know, Tony,” Steve whispered as Tony's shoulders shook with dry sobs. “I know...”
It was Carol who charged ahead of the group, her fists blazing as she threw open the front doors of the Compound. Steve was shortly after her, and everyone else quickly gathered in the entryway. A spaceship, all battered silver and blue lights, was hovering a few feet above the grassy field.
Tony couldn't finish the thought, his eyes falling shut as if to push away the nightmares. He felt like a little child again... If he couldn't see the bad things, then they weren't happening.
. Ashes floated up into the air, and Steve felt his heart lurch.
Clint grabbed his coffee on the way out, making his way towards the kitchen. Sam was standing at the stove, simultaneously nursing bacon in one pan and pancakes in another. Natasha was sitting at the bar, the two arguing good-naturedly about something to do with RuPaul's Drag Race.
Peggy. Peter. Tony. Bucky.
has to do it,” Steve objected, feeling a bubbling anger rising in his gut. “And
Bucky couldn't help but roll his eyes. Steve was right- the girl still had Bucky wrapped around her little finger, just like when she was a baby. “Okay, squirt, let's get on with it.”
“They're- they're
WARNING: IW spoilers? Character Death? No ENDGAME spoilers until the next chapter...
-” Steve bit off his next words when he saw the look in his husband's eyes.
, Sam.”
“Sorry, Cap, but I'm not gonna let you risk your children's lives over some sense of obligation you have.” A grin broke out on Sam's face. “Besides, I didn't get a chance to time-travel earlier. It's only fair I get to now.”
Peggy only clapped her hands together and squealed happily.
Steve was frozen, disbelief washing over him colder than any Arctic ice water could.
Tony's throat was raw, his mouth dry and eyes wet, when his son stared up at him and whimpered, “I'm sorry, Dad...”
Tony's head lifted from Steve's shoulder weakly, but he didn't turn to look at Carol. “How?” he asked. “How the hell are we bringing back the dead?”
The man opened his mouth to speak, but only a dry gasp came out. Steve shushed him, leaning in to kiss his forehead. Pulling back, Steve stared into Tony's eyes, pouring out all of the love he felt for his husband, his children, his team,
Steve listened to Rhodey get mad, listened to Carol's calm response, listened to the sound of Stormbreaker flying across the room shortly followed by Thor's compliment. The whole while, his eyes were locked on the hologram of Earth, rotating slowly on its axis. The world had moved on. It had been two years. Two whole years of going to support groups, knocking the hell out of punching bags, getting closer to Natasha and Rhodey... And the whole while, even going to group and listening to his team- his
“She's obviously saying his name, Steve,” Natasha pursed her lips as she tried not to smile. “Can't you tell?”
Pepper, donning her Iron Woman armor, and Rhodey, in his War Machine suit, were standing above where Peggy and Peter were sprawled out in front of Tony. Peter had an arm wrapped around Peggy, holding her tight to his chest, as the girl's hands held onto Tony's face.
America's ass.”
“Let's get him inside,” Rhodey said softly, his voice drenched in sorrow.
And then a familiar figure stumbled out.
A strong voice called out, “We're getting them back.”
“Me neither,” Steve shook his head exasperatedly. He went over to pet Peggy's hair back as the baby dug into her Cheerios, finally silenced. “But, hey-” Steve glanced over to where Clint was pouting on the couch, “-it's not like we don't have a wide choice in babysitters.”
“Hey, hey, nothing to cry about. This is... natural,” Bucky finished off as he led his niece back to her bedroom. “Why don't you go get cleaned up in the bathroom, and I'll change your sheets, okay?”
Bucky scoffed. “Blasphemy! From my own niece!”
Steve watched, in awe, as the stones moved by themselves onto Tony's hand, a myriad of lightning and color lighting up the man's arm. Steve was immobilized by fear and awe, afraid of what he would see next, but unable to look awake.
Clint whirled around towards the baby, a grin overtaking his features. “Did you just say my name?! Guys! Guys! I think she's trying to say 'Clint'!”
“Ba!” Peggy cheered.
I've still got enough ties here to bring me back. The VA, Falcon, my team...
though Steve couldn't help but feel some kind of...
“You're one to talk,” Pepper teased the girl as she reached out to mimic Bucky's earlier actions of checking for a fever. “But if you're
“Cap!” Clint cheered from across the hallway. He waved one hand in the air, the other wrapped around a mug of coffee. “Good morning! You're up early. Didn't you just get back?”
Steve wanted to scream when he saw Thanos with the gauntlet. His mouth opened, his hand reaching out, but nothing more than a gasp emerged from his lips.
The engineer's eyes seemed to clear up from their deathly glaze when he realized they were sitting inside the Compound. His head swiveled as he searched the room for-
, despite the horrible times that were about them.
Tony was quiet for a long while. His hands, shaking terribly, raised up to touch Steve's arms. He opened his mouth, then closed it, then opened it again. When Tony tried to speak, only a low, dry gasp came out.
A million thoughts were racing through Tony's head as he sat up to stare down at his shaking hands.
Tony looked
Bruce seemed to be faring a little better than the others- only a little. He seemed just as in shock as them, but still managed to limp over to where Steve had collapsed, Natasha holding the soldier's shoulders in a vice.
“I can't believe they rebooted those movies,” Rhodey huffed. “The originals were good as is.”
“Cunt!”
“Water,” Rhodey was suddenly at the couple's side, his hand resting on Tony's back. “Someone get the man some fucking water.”
For a minute, Tony was silent. He mulled over everyone's words, his chin dipping down to stare at Steve's fingers interlocked with his. And then, Tony's face tilted up, and his once-dead eyes were blazing even stronger than Carol's had been. There was no force of suns behind his eyes, only a fearsome vengeance and undying love of a father present in his gaze.
Rhodey nodded. “Yea, I've gotta get back to base-camp for a mission deployment. The Iron Patriot is needed.”
, watching Thanos fade into ashes was therapeutic. Cathartic. Better than any group therapy session could ever have been. Steve stared at Thanos until every last particle of the tyrant had been swept away by the wind.
“Do I
Because he would kill himself if he didn't.
“Except for your children,” Bucky ground out.
Because he would kill himself if he didn't.
“C'mon, Uncle Cunt,” Sam jeered, poking Clint's side. “Didn't you
His hands were shaking as he collapsed to his knees, eyes wide yet unseeing as he stared at the ground. His heart didn't drop to his stomach, and tears didn't come to his eyes. His chest was so tight, so
,” Peggy groaned. “They're way too dramatic!”
- Steve! Steve, breathe- shit,
Steve was a light sleeper, having learned to be during the war and throughout his time with the Avengers. It came in handy most of the time, especially with two kids in the mansion, but it was often times disappointing. So, when he jerked awake to the sound of Peggy's whining over the baby monitor, Steve sighed heavily and stumbled out of bed. He nearly cried when he saw that he had only fallen asleep for a half hour longer.
“No reason to be embarrassed, kiddo,” Rhodey reassured her. “It's a part of life.”
Tony's voice sounded even more horrible than he looked, as though it hadn't been used for the entire two years he had been missing- the entire two years Steve had thought he was
That was the sight that Tony walked in on only moments later- Natasha collapsed on the kitchen bar, her body shaking from laughter. Sam was practically rolling around on the floor. Clint was jumping over chairs and Sam, dodging Steve's attempts to swat him with the spatula. And Steve, with his daughter cradled in one arm, reached out and managed to snag Clint's collar, swinging the man over his shoulder and tossing him past Natasha and onto the couch in the living room.
Thor rested a blanket over Tony's shoulders, his expression somber. Steve couldn't even raise his head to thank the god, but Thor seemed to understand. Rhodey came to sit on the arm of the chair, his hand rubbing circles into Tony's bony spine.
Slowly, Steve nodded his assent. “You'd better bring your ass back, though,” he ordered Sam, whose grin spread even further. “Also...” Steve turned to grab his shield off the ground- once again whole after Peter and Shuri had refurbished it- then handed it over to Sam.
“Yea, yea, squirt,” Clint took a sip of coffee. “Keep up the hard work and you'll be chattier than your Dad soon enough.”
! Cap what the hell?!”
It was Bruce who spoke up next. “I'm actually with the Sergeant on this one,” he told Steve. “You have too much to lose, Cap.”
, everyone else has their own shit, but
“Let's go get this son of a bitch.”
,” Clint countered, cocking an eyebrow in a way that was very reminiscent of Natasha. Steve would bet money that was where he had learned it. “Get on back to bed. I'll take care of Peggy, and once you wake up from your beauty-sleep, you can play with her, okay?”
Bucky thought to himself as he absent-mindedly petted one of Peggy's stuffed animals- a little lion that was clearly loved and missing an eye.
! Bruce, get over here-”
The others.
Then he heard his son sobbing.
, okay?! Just let me-
Tony had been at work- had been
“Uncle Buuuuck,” Peggy whined once more, though she leaned into the cool metal of her uncle's hand for some kind of relief. “I'm not
of them.”
is my daughter saying right now? And
Sam laughed, rolling his eyes. “C'mon, man, she's not gonna say it.”
Peggy sat in front of her uncle on the soft bed, wiggling a bit as water dripped from her bangs. Her curly brown locks were ever reminiscent of her namesake's, and Bucky was finding himself feeling rather nostalgic at it. When he finished drying and combing the girl's hair, Bucky craned his neck to see her face. The shower hadn't done the girl any favors in helping lull her back to sleep, and it was nearly five anyhow. “How about some pancakes?” he asked gently, to which Peggy screwed her nose up like a baby bunny.
Because it
Tony stepped forward, away from his son, and watched in horror as Mantis disappeared in a wave of ashes. The man continued to watch, in utter shock, as Drax faded away as well. Tony turned to Quill, taking a quick step forward, and commanded, “Steady, Quill.”
. She reached a shaky hand towards her father, and Steve let out a distraught cry as he saw the ashes of her skin fading up and away, twirling into the air. “Pa-Papa-” Peggy gasped out.
Steve came to a skidding halt where Peggy had once stood, his hands out as if to grab his daughter, to pull her to his chest and just
But then again... Steve would never have been able to do it, to wield the gauntlet. He wasn't strong enough, wasn't brave enough,
“Dad?”
, Peggy mimicked: “Uck! Uck! Uck! Cunt! Uck!”
Rhodey chuckled into his coffee. “Not to mention what Peter would do.”
Steve was absolutely
“Lord of the Rings?!” Peggy bounced in her seat.
Steve jumped about a foot in the air, whirling around to stare at his daughter, bewildered. Peggy had wriggled out of Clint's grip and, upon seeing her Papa, decided to share her newest vocabulary word with him. “Cunt!” she cheered, pointing as well as a baby could at her Uncle Clint. “Cunt, Cunt, Cunt,
“Suit up,” Steve ordered, grabbing his own shield. Red, white, and blue stared up at him, and Steve had to swallow down the painful memories the shield brought. When he and Tony had made up after their fight about the Accords and Bucky, Tony had returned the shield to his husband.
ughck!” But it was clearly enough for Steve to tell what she was saying.
Peter's arms were wrapped tightly around his chest, as though he were cold, or as though he was trying to hold himself together.
Carol and Thor grinned, and Natasha smiled faintly. Clint nodded, and there was the same resolution in his eyes that Steve felt in his chest. One by one, everyone gave their assent. And then, just as Carol opened her mouth- likely to start brainstorming a game-plan- an alert popped up on the map in front of Steve. He frowned at the red dot, confusion coloring his features.
, Barton! First you taught Peter how to flip someone off, and now you're teaching Peggy to
Steve's head popped up, his wet eyes staring at Carol. The woman's calm demeanor was gone, her eyes fiery with the fury of a thousand suns as she stared at the grieving couple in front of her. She nodded as though to reaffirm her statement. “We'll get them back-
,” he heard Natasha gasp out.
"I am inevitable."
Steve steeled himself, clenching his jaw. He glanced up at his team and realized they were all looking at him. Waiting for a response. Because he was still their team leader, no matter what kind of hell Thanos had wrought upon them.
all about, Barnes?” he elbowed his friend.
! I was trying to get her to say my name and- ohmyGod Cap please don't
Sam was kneeling over in his chair by then, doing his best to breathe through the hacks of laughter. Natasha was grinning at Clint's misery, stroking her hands through Peggy's fuzzy hair. “Good job, my little star,” the woman crooned as she kissed Peggy's head.”
... He would
“Sure thing, Pep.”
And oh, God-
Peggy considered for a moment, tapping her chin, before inquiring, “Both?”
Peggy sniffled and nodded, face flushed as she was clearly embarrassed.
- Steve pushed down the pain. He pushed it down, locked it tightly in a box and sent it to the back of his mind.
Steve didn't know how much those words would change his life.
. Peter- Peggy- oh
“DAD!” Peter shouted, his mask torn off and face contorted in worry. “Oh my
Peggy blushed at the mention of her favorite stuffed animal. “I don't need that silly otter!” she insisted even as she stood and marched off to her room to fetch Mr. Peanut. “And I'm not gonna bring home a
“What's wrong, angel?” he all but crooned to the twelve-year-old. “Nightmare?”
of them...
“War Machine,” Peggy insisted around a mouthful of waffle. At Rhodey's disapproving glance, she cried indignantly, “What?! It's
They managed to limp back into the Compound, Steve nearly carrying Tony inside. Vaguely, Steve noticed a blue-skinned woman dragging behind them, assisted by Natasha. Carol got inside first- she seemed to be the kind to rush in to things head-first- and pulled over a lounge chair. Steve helped Tony to sit and crouched in front of the man, holding one of Tony's hands in both of his. Bruce went to the med-bay to grab a first aid kit, ordering Thor to grab blankets for Tony and the blue woman. Clint dipped out and then reappeared with more water and a few granola bars, but Steve highly doubted Tony would be eating any time soon.
Tony had been
WARNINGS: suicidal thoughts (as shown in summary), PTSD
And now part of their family was gone, ripped away far too soon.
. Steve was about to dart forward and grab him, but Bucky's body was suddenly just...
____________________
“C'mon, kiddo,” Clint pulled out his phone, setting it to record. “I wanna shove it in your Daddy's face that you said my name before his! Go on, now.
!” Clint choked on air when Peggy threw her Cheerios at him, one slobber-coated one landing on his lips. “Oh,
Everything else was a bit of a blur, save for Dr. Strange
,” Steve began slowly, closing his eyes and rubbing at the bridge of his nose. “
Steve stood and watched by the edge of the water as the wreath of flowers surrounding the arc reactor floated away. His breath hitched when he felt Peggy lean into his side, grabbing onto his suit jacket and sobbing quietly into his chest. Peter's hand encircled his father's, holding on tightly as the young man cried silent tears of his own. Steve raised a hand to Peggy's head, stroking her hair, and used his grip on Peter's hand to tug his son into an embrace.
Silently, sitting drawn in on himself in the dust of Titan, Tony sobbed.
“Yea, yea.” Bucky waved her off before nodding to Peggy. “Go on, kiddo, why don't you go get your blanket and Mr. Peanut.”
“Steve-
Something in Rhodey's voice- the desperation, the anger- and something in Carol's words- her determination, her strength- and then Thor, blessed Thor- with his light spattering of humor among the darkness...
A heavy sense of dread filled Tony's chest, and he whipped his head around to see his son stumbling towards him.
!” she hollered over her shoulder as she stalked off.
“They're on season, what-” Sam looked to Natasha, “twenty-something?”
It was Rhodey who said, “Someone's trying to break up our little party.”
“Waffles are better.”
Bucky ran a hand down his face, suddenly tired.
Peggy glanced back up at her Papa and Daddy and let out one more loud, cheerful, “
He had gotten back from a mission earlier that morning, stripped of his armor, kissed his husband, and fallen into bed. Only a few hours later, he blinked awake to the sounds of Tony shuffling around. “I'm taking Pete to school,” Tony told his husband, kissing Steve tenderly. “Peggy should sleep for a little while longer.”
,” Bucky ground out, fists clenching at his sides as he glared at his best friend. “Stevie, I know you're hurting, but this isn't the way to-”
Steve waited, watched around himself, to see the battle still raging. His brows furrowed in a confused relief- why hadn't it worked? Why was everyone still there? And where the
. Emaciated, dirty, scars littering his face and arms. His clothes were torn, and his cheeks were gaunt. The bags under his eyes looked more like bruises, and his eyes themselves... They were empty. Dead. Tony was a ghost of his former self, and it
Bucky sat up a bit straighter. He had forgotten about
Peggy whined as she sat up in her crib, making grabby-hands towards Clint as the archer approached. “Hiya, princess,” Clint cooed to the baby, only succeeding in making her whine more. “Alright, alright, don't get your diaper in a bunch.” Placing his mug to the side, Clint reached down and picked up the baby, tossing her in the air a bit. Peggy's whines quickly turned to giggles, and she babbled relentlessly as Clint cuddled her close. “You are so lovable!” Clint chirped, kissing her chubby cheek. Peggy only giggled more, one hand reaching out to pat her uncle's face. She was clearly intrigued by his morning stubble, because she began babbling louder and rubbing her little hands up and down Clint's chin. “You hungry, baby?”
Steve's head whirled to see a neon orange circle, with sparks flying, open up in the middle of the battlefield. He felt his heart thudding harshly behind his sternum when he saw T'Challa emerge with Shuri and Okoye, all of them battle ready.
Rhodey chuckled, ruffling the girl's hair and successfully mussing it up. Peggy scowled and pulled away from the affection with a whine. “You definitely take after your dad, that's for sure. But don't let your Pops hear you talking like that. He's liable to give you the disappointed puppy look and a good lecture.”
“Yea,” Steve sighed, blinking back blurry spots, “But Margaret Stark-Rogers waits for no man.:
Peggy's eyes were so wide, so
“God,” Bucky bemoaned, “I fear the day you start dating and bring home some elf-lookin' fruit cake.”
Peggy's frantic voice joined in Peter's distress. “Dad! Daddy,
A rush of defeat ran through Tony's body, and he wearily turned to Strange. “Why did you do that?” he whispered out. Now there was only one stone left. If Thanos got to Vision... If he got the last stone...
And there they stood, the remaining members of the Stark-Rogers family, until every other hero had filtered out. No words were exchanged, only solemn looks and nods. Everyone understood. It had been a necessary sacrifice.
“We'll be fine,” Bucky reassured her. “After all, how much trouble could one little girl get into?”
But she was
. Sure, he was an asshole at times, but his charm more than made up for it. Not to mention his genius, his respect for his teammates, his love for his family...
“Well
Steve wasn't sure what to ask, what to say, how to console his husband.
Infinity War and the Snap from a father's- Tony Stark's- point of view.
and softly asked him again, “Are you okay?”
All Steve had wanted since day one of moving in with Tony was to be worthy of the man's love. He worked and fought and sweat to earn it. And he
Steve.
He wouldn't let his husband die scared.
, um, she's- ah- uh- saying-” Clint groped for words, wringing his hands nervously. “Ah- I mean-”
“Yea,
Then, the bay doors to the ship opened, and a ramp fell to the ground. Everyone tensed, readying themselves for the oncoming fight.
Tony barked out a defeated laugh, shaking his head. He then turned to Carol, any confusion he may have about the woman's identity was momentarily forgotten in his stupor. “And how the fuck do you suppose we get them?”
It was Rhodey who spoke next, his hand clamping down on his friend's shoulder. “We kick Thanos's wrinkly ass to kingdom-fucking-come.”
Tony lifted a shaking, bloody hand to his mouth, covering it up as his thoughts continued to race.
Steve had responded confidently.
Peter.
“You're alright,” Tony said immediately, as though he could speak it into existence.
"THAT'S America's ass."
A hand, shaking and gentle, touched his shoulder. Steve didn't even jump. He was too numb.
Sam was blushing and bristling when Bruce started up the machine, and then the man disappeared. As Bruce was counting down the seconds to Sam's return, Steve leaned in close to Bucky. “What was
“Seconded,” Bucky piped in with a smirk. He smacked a hand on Sam's back, urging him towards the machine Bruce had set up in the middle of the forest. “Come back to us, Sam, or I'll have to be all heroic and run in after you... Now get on with it,
, Steve, our fucking
A lump grew in Steve's throat, because
- B-Buck- Peggy-
“-kids, our kids-
Strange's voice had Tony turning to look at him, his heart growing heavy. “There was no other way,” Strange rasped out, shaking his head slightly, before he too faded to ashes right before Tony's eyes.
Whirling on his heel, turning away from Thanos and Thor, Steve was stricken by the voice of his best friend. Bucky looked confused. Steve watched, completely and utterly helpless, as Bucky reached for him and
Steve,
, Dad, he stabbed you! Dad, he
Tony leaned over and pecked Steve on the lips. “Talk about a new quiver.”
“Jesus,” Steve groaned, collapsing against the counter-top. “I swear, Clint, I'm gonna shove your arrows right where the sun doesn't shine.”
Tony was
“Well,” Sam managed to right himself long enough to say, “Looks like she's gonna be taking after Stark after all.”
"On your left."
was his family?
I really, really fought myself on how to close out this fic... I hope I did it justice!!
. The mere seconds it took to cross the field to his husband felt like hours, and as soon as Steve came to a screeching halt in front of Tony, he froze again.
Peggy had started her period.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!((NO Endgame spoilers in this chapter; it was written before I saw Endgame))!!!!!!!!!!!
“Mm'kay,” Steve mumbled out. He was fast asleep again before Tony even left the room.
Once Peggy was settled at the kitchen bar, Bucky set about making waffles. He even donned a frilly apron that said “World's Second Okayest Chef” to make Peggy smile. Humming to himself, Bucky tapped his foot and listened to the even sound of Peggy's breathing as he worked. It only took a few minutes, and soon enough the duo was sitting at the table with their waffles, Bucky trying to coax conversation from the girl. He finally hit the mark when he asked her about her newest art project. Peggy's eyes lit up, and she animatedly began waving her hands and ranting about the benefits and disadvantages of oil painting and acrylics. It made Bucky smile. If Peggy had gotten her Pop's artistic side, she had gotten Tony's dramatic flair. Her hands waved wildly, sending syrup flying.
It was too much.
Everyone stood, Peter supporting his father and Quill holding Mantis in his arms. It was only then that Mantis looked to the sky and whimpered, “Something's happening...”
“I- I don't feel so good-” Peter choked out, raising his hands to look at them. His gaze, wet with tears, lifted to look at his father.
“But I need to-”
. He felt it in his gut, in his chest, in his very
“Cap,” Bruce rasped, “I need you to breathe with me, okay? We're gonna inhale for four, hold for four, and breathe out for six. Okay? Just- breathe in with me.” Steve choked on air, gasping for breath as his eyes shut against the outside world. “Okay, good, that's- that's good. Now, hold. And exhale. Exhale.
Peggy looked to be in awe of the idea of her Pops being a mischievous young adult, and was about to beg for stories before the group was interrupted by the clacking of heels on the floor tiles. “Good morning,” Pepper yawned as she entered the kitchen. She went to grab a mug of coffee, kissing Peggy on the forehead and taking a seat next to her niece. “I hope you're eating more than just waffles; the sugar will knock you out in a few hours. And you have school.”
“I wanted to save my creator but he seemed too not be in danger here” answered Vision confused
“Thanks” laughed Peter
Natasha and Sam stopped talking when a plane arrived in the landing place. They walked toward this and watched Clint exiting the plane with a bag and his sunglasses.
“Let’s drink something”
“I don’t know” answered Gamora a bit worry” But i guess they are fine if Rocket sent me this.”
“Yes that will not stop us” smiled Bruce
Tony was on his way for talking with Loki, a little ritual every days. He brought food too for his new friend. As for Loki, he was happy to talk with a superior entity and he had always like that man. Even considered him as his best friend.
“You dare freeing one of my prisoner?” screamed Thanos to a chitauri
“Name?” asked Erik getting angrier
“Be careful there Peter, and good luck” smiled Shuri before closing the door and took off.
“I see,” said Okoye
Vision was finally in the fly space of Latveria, his powers were very useful and he would save Tony very easily. He scanned the castle and found Tony’s signature in one of the room. He quickly fazed through the wall and stopped staring at the tank. He used his scan and saw his creator was healing nicely in it, faster than in Wakanda.
Tony sighed in relief, his friend was alive. With a little smile he sat straight on the bed. Thanos was looking at his gem and saw a soft orange color inside his eyes. The Mad Titan had already noticed that when his little one was looking at his loved ones, the color orange was showing. A true treasure indeed.
“Well it's to help keep my sanity because I'm so pissed right now that I could kill someone.” snapped Logan destroying an other bot
“Lady Carol, may i carry my dear Anthony toward the medic bay?” asked Thor with a concerned face
“Yes my dear, kill everyone one last of them but the god of thunder is mine” smiled Thanos sadistically
“EITRI” yelled Thor” It’s me Thor”
“Sorry father” said Proxima as she looked away.
“Yeah a 26 year old a kid , let me laugh” sighed Tony, humans are a bit stupid
“Tony is fine Logan, I spoke with Erik and he is going to be fine, please calm down” replied Charles walking toward him
“So why are we eating all together?” asked Tony curious
“Well, I have that amazing concept since I met you, my dear friend, so you don’t have to worry” smiled Shuri
They walked back inside the room. Carol took his place next to Rhodey and Tony next to Strange and Peter. T’Challa was still talking to Natasha and Steve, clearly furious. Okoye was next to the king, her weapon ready. Wanda looked furious and Clint was looking at the floor, not ready to face anyone.
“Well i will accept your offer, thanks” smiled Tony sweetly
“But we need you here” replied Carol “ And who know what the mad titan will do to you”
“Me too but for now let’s wait” laughed quietly Rhodey
“Tony” yelled Carol bursting inside the room “ What the hell?”
“Nat, who are you waiting?” asked Sam landing next to her
“I missed you too darling” smiled Carol sweetly “You are walking again, this is awesome
Peter smiled at the sky seeing the plane leave. He adjusted his backpack and stepped inside the forest. Shuri made sure that he was very close to the Latvria border, which will bring him the easiest way to complete his mission. He reached the end of the forest and saw a heavily guarded bridge. “It’s not going to be easy” sighed Peter too himself. Suddenly he remembered that he had a costume made to be invisible. He hit his head lightly feeling stupid. He triggered the invisibility before walking toward the bridge trying to be even more careful.  He quickly crossed it and found a way too go faster to the castle. He walked toward one of the truck. He stuck himself under it, he was ready to save Tony all by himself.
“I’m groot” replied Groot furious siding with Rocket and the rest
“Victor Von Doom, king of Latvria villain and with a weird obsession of Tony” presented Rhodey looking furious
“Guardians, I really need you,” said suddenly Steve entering inside the training room
“No problem, that was my pleasure” smiled Tony brightly “ Your Highness, this is Carol Danvers, she is here for helping us of the defeat of the mad titan Thanos.”
“Hey Pepper” smiled Peter shyly “ Is May coming?”
“Princess Shuri’s” answered the guard
“They attacked Clint first” screamed Natasha “ Thor was holding him by the throat.”
“WHAT DID YOU DO” screamed Wanda unleashing his magic once more
“So we need a very good plan” added Charles already thinking
“Well Stephen and I heard the commotion and we couldn’t stay away” answer Tony with a smile
“Yup you are awesome” smirked Tony “ A real genius”
“Yes,” answered simply Doom “ And who is Tony for you?”
“Well the important thing here is that you learn from your mistakes,” said Rhodey with a sad smile “ You will be able to apologize to him when he will wake up.”
Carol watched the exchange curiously and watched Tony, asking for some answers and he answered her with a quiet later. She nodded but was still really confused
“He sacrificed himself for us, tony is anything but a coward” screamed Rhodey furious
“So why are you fighting?” asked Strange next to Edward
Steve was laying on his bed looking at the ceiling. The guilt was eating him alive, watching that footage made him think more about what happens and them of course. He needed to say sorry about everything and Tony had some apologies to do too and after they could begin a very good relationship. But first thing first, he had to save him with the help of everyone. So he got up and walked toward his door, time to made some excuses.
“Well done sister” smiled T’Challa
“Maybe a little bit jealous” pouted Steve “ But this not the all thing, Strange is a dick.”
Tony had a sweet smile on his face, he was really happy for him. Carol who was still hugging Rhodey, saw the smile on Tony’s lips and immediately concluded that his best friend was the reason behind this and that was really nice of him.
Wakanda
“Yes” said Clint shaking “ Tony saved you all, it’s not a lie”
Thanks for the kudos! Don't hesitate to leave some comments and kudos ^^
“It’s so her” laughed Peter
Tony smirked at Thanos, letting him not that it was ok, and just flew away. His secret was definitely really safe and that was really good.
“So less than a week?” smiled Peter very happy about the news
“I will wait him i need to say sorry in person”
Tony was in his room, looking at the mirror, his hair was on point and his look too, Loki would be proud of him, he chose a high quality disguise. The dinner is going to be so interesting, but for now he wanted to visit the palace. He leave his room and walked through  the corridor. He walked during ten minutes before hearing some fighting noises. He opened the door and saw a racoon a tree and the god of thunder fighting some bots. Well that was really interesting so he stayed and listened their conversation during the fight
“We will Father” said the children “ We will not fail you and the mighty soul stone
(See the end of the chapter for
End for now thanks for the kudos and comments
“Well then, i will not let you use your powers too much then” concluded Carol patting Tony’s back
“Strange is pissing me off” replied Steve finally sitting next to his friend
“Princess Shuri and her friend Peter” replied the guard
“My pleasure,” smiled Shuri brightly
“You can have both, you will never lose Aunt May or the memories of your parents, and having a father figure is always nice you know” smiled Stephen sweetly
Thanks for the kudos and comments ^^
“So what happens?” asked Rhodey with everyone in the living room next to the medic bay
“Clint, Good to see you man” smiled Sam shaking his hand”
“Tony is safe in Doom’s Castle, Doom will never hurt someone very dear to him.” answered Doom “ Th healing tank is going to save him”
“Yes, i’m thinking about Tony mostly” smiled Steve
“Well yes, as Strange said, I chose to follow rather than let anyone die” shrugged Tony “ And if you are wondering why i am here and not with the mad Titan, i made a clone of myself”
Thanos was thinking about his little one. He had to be worthy and after that the soul stone will help him bringing balance to the universe. But he didn’t know how. So he asked for one of his advisor, the man knew everything about the infinity stones.
“I love this place” said Bucky suddenly sitting next to Sam “ So quiet”
Peter stood up quickly at the voice, and found himself face to face with Steve Rogers. Well now, Peter needed to find a better place to hang out alone.
Thansk for the kudos and comments ^^
“I’m Groot” answered Groot
“Tony and his self-sacrificing ass” sighed Rhodey
“So he will certainly come here for the mind and the time” added Strange gravely
Thank again for the comments and kudos.
“That was really dangerous” said Tony landing graciously on the floor “ Everyone is ok?”
His daughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve didn't know how long they all stayed there, the silence echoing around them. Soon enough, the sound of Steve's heart beating in his ears, the sound of blood pumping through his veins, became deafening.
ALSO! PLEASE send me writing prompts!!
,” she insisted. “I mean-” Peggy glanced at Pepper “-if it'll get me out of school...” She coughed into her fist, giving a dramatic moan. “I'm
“'Course you are. Let's get going then!”
“But not 'Daddy'. Oh man, Stark is gonna
Bucky was no stranger to be woken up in the middle of the night. Between missions, nightmares, and his beautiful niece and nephew, he rarely got a good eight hour's sleep. So, when he woke up to creaking footsteps in his doorway, he didn't groan or whine. He merely rolled over in bed, blinking in the dim light, and called out, “Who's it?”
Peggy squealed angrily, smacking at Clint's hand.
!! Oh God, Cap's gonna
“P-Peggy-” Steve gasped out, unable to breathe. “Oh God, oh
And Tony waited. He waited and waited. Waited for something to happen, for Nebula to speak again, for
It broke Steve's heart to hear his daughter call him that. Peggy had moved on to calling him 'Pops' like Peter had, and the last time Steve heard her call him 'Papa' had been nearly seven years ago, back before she disappeared into thin air...
Steve couldn't help the croak of laughter that burst from his throat. The tears in his eyes began to boil over, and hologram Tony continued to speak.
“I know, Pete,” Tony groaned out, raising an arm so Peter could help him stand. “I was there.”
Peggy nodded, uncharacteristically quiet, and slipped away into the bathroom. Bucky turned to her bed, sighing heavily once more, and went about changing the sheets. He was relieved to see that there wasn't too much blood- and he wasn't a stranger to blood, but it was a bit different when it was coming out of his niece- and it hadn't strained through to the mattress. Bucky heard the noise of the shower running as he dutifully stripped the bed of its sheets. He went about making it up again with the softest bedding he could find, tucking Peggy's stuffed animals up around her pillows, and setting some extra pajamas outside the bathroom door for her- Black Widow themed, he smiled. Then, he sat on the bed and waited for the girl to finish her shower.
Tony used nanites to sew up the aching stab wound in his side, watching as Quill tried in vain to grab Thanos. Blue smoke appeared behind Thanos, and he disappeared.
That drew a giggle from the girl, which Bucky counted as a win. “Okay, waffles it is,” he sighed in faux disappointment. “Blueberry or chocolate-chip?”
Sam's chest picked up again with the name, and he turned to smile at his friends. “I'm gonna need a suit first.”
“Okay, okay, okay,” Steve spoke to himself as he slumped out of his and Tony's room, dragging a hand down his face. “Papa's coming, baby.”
“Still is,” Pepper intoned as she stood and smoothed out her skirt. “I've got to get going to the office, but if you and Peggy need anything today, give me a call.”
Steve felt the tears coming on, and he was helpless to stop them. His arms wrapped around his husband once more, and this time he held Tony in a vice. Like his life depended on it.
.....I killed Tony aGAIN IM SORRY DX
It was sad that the statement didn't take Steve by surprise. After two years, he had lost hope in finding his husband and son. Hell, he had lost his best friend and daughter already- they had turned into ashes right before his eyes. And there had been no sign on Earth of Tony or Peter, so Steve had... all but given up. It sounded terrible now, with his husband in his arms- malnourished and broken, but
“One to go...” he murmured.
her family!” Clint protested with a whine.
,” Pepper scolded, smacking the man's chest lightly.
more badass than 'Iron Patriot'!”
,” she pointed at the archer, “cursing around Roger's kid like that. You know he wouldn't approve.”
Black spots appeared in his vision.
Steve felt his heart pumping into his throat when he turned back to Thanos. He could feel his children creeping up on his left, could see his husband hovering to his right. Steve wanted nothing more in that moment than to scoop up Peter and Peggy and Tony and rush them all away from the battle and to the safety of the Mansion-
“I didn't want her to learn
Steve couldn't help the choked laugh that ripped from his chest. He leaned forward, resting his forehead against Tony's, staring deeply into Tony's dark, flaming eyes.
Clint jumped and all but covered Peggy's face with his hand, drawing an unimpressed glare from Steve. The man was leaning against the kitchen door frame, hair damp and a towel wrapped around his shoulders.
- Dad- we love you, we love you, don't leave us-”
“Yea, right,” Sam jeered. “This is just like when she was a newborn and you thought she was smiling at you, but she really just had gas.”
I have the last chapter, the Endgame chapter, written. And I've reordered the chapters to have this one as the second and the previous one (Tony and Steve meeting back up) as chapter 3.
Natasha bit her cheek to keep from laughing harder. “Not to mention what Auntie Pepper's gonna say.”
“Sam-” Steve began to object, only to have his friend cut him off.
It was at that wonderful, blissful moment of Clint's life that baby Peggy decided to try her hand at pronouncing her 'f's. The word came out from her lips more like “
“No, no, no- she's saying my name!” Clint insisted. He moved his chair to face Peggy fully, scooting up to be face-to-face with his niece. The baby was shoving Cheerios in her mouth, blinking owlishly up at Clint. “Say it again, Peggy! Say Clint! Cl-int. Clllllint.
. Anyways,” he turned back to Sam, “we all know Pete's gonna kick ass and take home gold. That little brat's smart as his Dad.”
(See the end of the chapter for
me. And then he's gonna bring me back to life, and then he's gonna slaughter me
? Your kids just lost their only other parent, and you really wanna risk your ass trying to go back in time to put some fucking rocks back in their places?”
“He left something,” Rhodey said quietly, “a message. In case something were to go wrong... Tony always wanted to have the last word.” The joke fell flat when Rhodey was unable to make himself smile.
“I- I don't feel so good-”
“He did it...” Nebula's hiss rang out from behind Tony.
“Oh, honey,” Pepper took pity on the girl. “I can remember how hard my first period was. If you wanna stay home today, then I can call you in to school. But you'll need to go tomorrow if you stay home today, okay?”
Steve frowned. “But, Peggy-”
“Getting a good night's sleep so you can spend the rest of the day with her?”
Bucky's cheeks turned pink. “Dunno what you're talkin' about, punk.”
A few minutes into their conversation, Rhodey waltzed into the room in search of coffee.
“Don't-” Tony gasped out, to no avail.
“She wasn't a blob,” Bucky defended. “She was a little angel.”
“IT'S NOT MY FAULT!”
Tony grunted, falling to one knee as Thanos dug the blade in further. It sliced through his armor like butter, and his flesh surely didn't leave any resistence, either. Tony grunted, grabbing Thanos's wrist and looking up at the titan with surprise.
He had to, for a moment at least, so he could get around to help her. "I won't be far at all. Vanessa will be here." Strange looked at Vanessa. "Keep ahold of her. I'll be back." He said the last bit to Christine who was already sterilized and starting to work.
"See what?"
"Buuuut, you should tell him you like hanging out. People like that. The mentor/mentee thing can really work. Just watch Star Wars."
"Do what you have to." Peter answered. "I'll try to...calm things down."
"I try."
"I don't want you to change. I love you guys... I just...miss it." She promised. It was true. They were great.
"Did he say anything to you? Did you know his voice."
"You're doing a lot better." Steve agreed as he helped Peter to his feet. "Using that brain of yours." He grinned and pulled him forward into a quick hug. "Good job, kiddo."
"Captain Rogers wanted me to inform you that you don't need to panic. Sir is going to be okay. But there was an incident."
"I'm ready." Maggie called back.
"S-sorry." Peter whimpered, unable to let go of him. "It was so real."
"There's going to be a car accident outside. Probably road rage is the cause." Maggie huffed. She could tell, because traffic was paused outside. Morning traffic jam. The colors were slowly getting darker, indicating a greater danger by the minute the longer the people outside were stuck in stillness. She'd seen problems like that before. Sometimes, she could read the danger lights like psychics read palms.
Strange was walking her through rehab. Helping her get more balanced on her feet. Christine showed up and helped work through her speech, which seemed to be helping, though she occasionally stuttered.
"No, but Karen does. I'll be there soon." Peter promised as Karen started giving him directions.
"Once this...big issue is over and Tony's not locked out of his own company, I think he has big plans."
The bot whirred happily, then nudged Maggie repeatedly.
"You're the one who got stabbed."
Another jab and burning sensation. "Fuck off."
"Cool. Let's try again."
"Who the fuck are you?" Wade demanded without missing a beat.
"Shit, dude. Okay. What are your ideas?"
"Stark Tower." She whispered. "It's someone there. Not Stane. This is...someone else. There were so many strings tied to him, so many danger lights, but I couldn't get to end of them. I couldn't see. It's so damn distracting."
"Alright. Thank you for sending along that file and the meds. Never worked on an enhanced before... Um he's on antibiotics. He has a mostly healed bullet wound that got infected. Three missing fingers...partially healed. The bruises and cuts were healing while I worked they'll be gone soon... Dehydration is a problem. And by the looks of it malnutrition." She held up a folder. "I did the charting."
"Terrifying. Yeah...first time she had a nightmare on us I almost shit myself. Never heard screams like that before...and I was surrounded in round-the-clock torture at one point. Kids...man." Wade shook his head. "I'll get her something to drink...do you need anything? I got booze."
"They visit you?"
"Could you grab me a water and whatever you want to drink?"
"Don't you dare threaten my kid, you son of a bitch." Tony hissed.
"Hah! I did it." Peter pointed. "You left your building. You entered Queen's airspace. You're going to be in so much trouble now Natalie."
"How did patrol go?" Tony asked.
"So, I'm guessing you're at the Tower, right? I'll come pick you up." Vanessa's voice was casual again.
Maggie laughed, then winced.
"Glad everyone's okay." Peter smiled.
"Fair enough." Dr. Strange nodded.
"Yeah." Peter agreed, happy when Steve settled next to him.
Peter's eyebrows pulled together. "Where?"
"Neither. It's sort of... I don't sense physical harm. It gives me a more psychological vibe."
"I know I don't."
"Everyone needs a good cuddle." Vanessa insisted. "You alright?" She asked, a little quieter, serious. "You okay to go?"
"Yes." Dr. Strange said, without any hesitation.
Sunday went by quietly. Maggie kept out of Strange's way. More than once she'd found him reading on the sofa in the living room. Something less like a book and more like a tome. She stopped once to ask him what it was about, apparently it was some sort of magical instructional book. "So a spell book?"
"Hey, Peter. I was worried. When I saw you coming here... Are you okay?"
"Yeah, by the looks of it your bones will be healed two weeks ahead of schedule. Your ribs are already much better, seems it worked better on the fractures instead of the clean breaks."
Maggie looked down at her hands, turning them over and examining them. "I don't know why I'm here. I was...thinking about Peter. I wanted to see how his presentation would go. I thought that the possibilities would be small there. Limited. I thought it would be safe. But I'm not seeing the presentation. I thought I saw it...for a moment. I think I caught a glimpse of...Peter with an electronic of some sort. Then it was gone."
"Where are you, Maggie?" Peter could hear a female voice on the other end.
"Those...exist." Strange commented.
"You're not going anywhere." Fish-bowl guy stepped around him.
"Hey, there." Vanessa's voice called.
"Oh, come on, Peter Capaldi." Dr. Strange huffed.
Tears ran down Peter's face. "No..." His eyes burned. Then he looked at his Papa for comfort. Something was...off about his Papa. "Are...are you real?" Peter asked, then waited on their sign. The one they'd decided on when Peter had first encountered a fake version of Tony. It had been a long time since they'd dealt with this, but his Papa would remember. They'd come up with it just for this purpose.
"Still spunky?" Nat asked with a smile. "Clint wants to take a stab at sparring with her. His pun, not mine."
"Interested how?" Tony asked.
"We know...when Peter made it to the church. We SAW him. He was there a couple hours before we got there."
A watch started ticking. Peter could hear it. It STARTED ticking, as if it hadn't been before. Then...it was like the ticks were getting slower. Green light glowed off the girl's body. The gun fired and the girl moved fast. Peter shoved himself off the wall, and he felt like he was moving in slow motion. The baddies weren't moving hardly at all. The girl seemed to be moving fast. So fucking fast. Did she have super speed. But...if she did, why did Peter feel like everything was so slow. The others didn't even look like they knew something had changed. They didn't even seem to know that time had slowed to the beat of that slow tick.
"He was like you. People who are really smart are harder to slow down. The faster the mind can process the more likely they are to be conscious of time slowing down. Those things were controlled by his mind. I could slow his body, but his mind, even slowed, could keep going. Most people don't think that fast."
"I'm more than alright with that name." Stane smiled and stood up. "What if I said I had a practical use for your specific talents, one that would require your project? And it will offer you a chance to get back at Stark."
"Is he okay?"
"You and your mint." He snorted.
"Hey, it's alright." Steve pulled him close and kissed his head. "We were worried and you did break the rules. But we were only upset because we love you and want you safe, you know that, right?"
Peter frowned. "Um, yeah. What's up?"
'Is there something worse than grounding?'
"There are no explosions, Peter."
"Run along, kid. Have fun. No more pressure on you. If any press approaches you, get me. I already told them you weren't doing any interviews. If they approach, I'll deal with them personally."
"Love you too."
Strange blinked and looked up at Ness. "That's not my choice."
"Thank you for your help."
His face softened and a small smile was there. "Saw the building in the news. You did good." He reached up with a scar-covered hand and ruffled her hair. "I have dinner for you inside, your favorite."
Vanessa dialed the number. "Strange, look, it's not looking good. We just...they sent a video, we didn't get to hear her but they're hurting Peter. They're likely hurting her too. I know you care about her...we could really use you here right now. Please call me back or just woosh over. Please."
"Clint sold you out. All I had to do was give him fake winning lottery numbers. Somehow he's convinced I'm a magic eight ball."
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's good." Tony nodded, a large smile appearing. "Neither of you look particularly stiff in the video."
"I thought maybe I could-"
"You don't have to be sorry for your feelings or trauma. We accept all trauma here. We're all messy weird freaks."
"That works too? Poor Natalie Portman. No one's harassing her, right?"
"We'll be back, pumpkin. Everything will be fine." Wade promised. "You rest your pretty little broken head."
"Nat, I-"
"I got your back, Itsy-Bitsy."
"Huh?" Peter asked, wide eyes.
"I'm in that brick room again. Someone's here with me."
"Stupidest thing ever... I was going down the stairs and Fat Mack jumped in front of me and I fell." Peter'd heard lots of stories about her overweight housecat being an adorable menace, but this time it obviously wasn't funny. "It was all funny until I couldn't stand up." She frowned. "I'm not supposed to put weight on it for a while."
"Steve?" Tony called. "Anyone got a visual on Steve? We lost comms."
"Don't get on me for naming conventions okay? We'll figure it out. Look at it." Tony swooned. "Our boy is so smart."
"Peter. Breathe. Hey, Roo, breathe."
"Cool." Maggie nodded. "I uh...should head home." She felt a bit at her limit for dealing with people.
"Maggie...I know why you pack light. You always do that. Everywhere you go. Like you're afraid to outstay your welcome, afraid you'll have to go again." Vanessa rolled her eyes. "So, I'm going to help you pack, but we'll make sure you got stuff here too, for when you visit. Okay?"
Beck slammed his fists down, then he ground his teeth together. They'd been searching for Peter and couldn't find him. But he had an idea of who might be able to SEE where he went. He stormed toward Maggie's cell. "Magnolia, where did Peter go?" He demanded.
"If there's one thing she is, it's a fighter."
"Hey, Dad."
"Yeah." Peter grinned.
Peter nodded and headed to the elevator.
The whole room seemed to let out a breath.
"Because I can't NOT look. Why the hell are we up here? Are you sure it's safe?!"
"Sure." Maggie nodded. The two got on the elevator together and left.
Wong actually laughed.
"Oh, screw you. This is why we can't ever be friends."
He looked up and smiled at her. "I have an appointment with Principal Morita."
"Peter's got a science thing tonight."
"He feels warm." Steve commented.
Peter rushed to the elevator. "Take me down."
Peter smiled. "Oh! This is about my INTERNSHIP. I'm so relieved. I thought you caught the cheat sheets I wrote in middle school. I made like forty bucks on them for that chem test. My aunt always said that would come back to bite me."
It was things sometimes. Things had memories in them, hidden by time. But time didn't hide from her. She missed her Dad. He definitely would have yelled at her for skipping school and she'd be grounded for it...probably. "He'd be pissed at me right now."
"Hey, tin can! Why don't you play nice? There are people down here." Peter latched onto a building and saw, thankfully, he'd put a dent in the suit. It wasn't enough, but maybe a few heavy blows near the power source would shut the guy down. He just had to be smart and get close. Good thing Maggie was good at helping him find openings.
"You are amazing Miss Potts. I know now why Tony says he can't live without you."
Quentin grinned. "Well, you're welcome to learn more down here any time. You're a pretty cool kid."
"Now?"
She got up and walked to the bar taking a curious sniff. "You made ramen from scratch?"
"Dad, I saw her." Peter said, tears running down his face. "I miss her so much. And she was right there and I couldn't...I ran and I couldn't get to her."
"Mm-hm." Maggie agreed. "Uh, could I maybe have a chair...not sure I could get on the cushion." Sitting cross-legged did not sound like fun. Her leg ached thinking of it.
"Let's get you into your bed, missy." Wade helped her up from the bed.
"Okay..." Tony pulled away and took a breath. "Alright. Total faith in you...just... Be careful out there, kid."
"I hate hospitals, medbays...basically anywhere they practice medicine." He frowned. He could hear all sorts of unnatural things in hospitals...like bones being moved or cut into or how flesh sounds when it's being stitched or sliced. Peter hated all of it. Plus, the smell was awful.
"Good. Glad you got that simple task done." When he'd picked Maggie to keep Peter in line, he hadn't expected her to come with so much trouble. But, by the time he considered using some other form of bait...they'd already worked up all the images they needed to keep her in line. Coding new nightmares for some other bait would just take way too much time. Really, all he had to do was distract the wizard and make sure he wasn't easily contacted. At least for a while. "Keep him distracted won't you?"
"Thanks. I hope so. Summer school sucks." Maggie huffed, holding her backpack strap.
"You..." Maggie frowned. Because Strange was still faintly talking, but his mouth wasn't moving.
"But I didn't step on your foot."
"Yeah. He's doing okay. I heard from him today."
The world was dark.
Peter looked at Dr. Cho. "What will happen?"
Black Widow was attacking her.
"Yeah. Dad and I worked on it." Peter grinned. "Wanna check it out?"
The hand shifted, wrapping in hers. "I know talking might be hard at first. Can you squeeze my hand?"
Maggie was already dressed, flying ahead of him.
"Well then you got to beat me with something, you just can't claim victory like that. Gotta win the war with something good."
Peter was Spiderman. He could tell he was being watched instantly. He turned and looked past Ned and then he paused. Nat was walking into the school. She looked like a teacher. Her signature red hair was dark brown and thrown up messily. She was wearing a pencil skirt and a sweater over a button up. She was wearing glasses. To anyone else, she would have looked completely ordinary. A teacher with a messenger bag and coffee. Peter though, knew that walk, and the smirk she shot at him was a dead giveaway.
"Yeah." Steve opened his eyes and seemed to have come to some sort of epiphany. "I think I got it."
Something like hurt flashed across Strange's face, but then his features hardened. "In what way?"
Steve snorted. "He's not afraid of heights."
"What do you mean?"
Tony took a deep breath. "Okay. Thank you."
Maggie's eyes widened. "You were serious about that?"
"And?"
Steve nodded.
"You did great. Everyone got out of the building and off the streets." Steve promised, his head still down. "Good job, kid."
Tony woke up slowly. The lights were too damn bright. He closed his eyes and took a few breaths. He could feel a hand in his, he recognized the hand as Steve's. He shifted the hand and found out that there was a cast on his left arm. Instead he twitched those fingers tighter in Steve's. There was a weight pressing down on the bed near his leg. He slowly opened his eyes and saw Peter, sleeping with his head pressed to he bed. It couldn't be comfortable for him to be hunched over like that, but then again Peter slept on the ceiling sometimes.
"It would be logical." Steve sighed. "But, I have an idea to smooth this over."
Steve nodded. "Sorry I don't have a hat, Miss Maggie." He apologized.
"Peter and I may be playing video games." Tony chuckled. "I didn't have the dexterity for Smash, so now we're playing board games."
She hid her face in her knees. Worst part was...she did like Peter. He was a great friend. He was safe, respectful, kind, and a cute kind of weird. She liked him, maybe more than a friend, definitely more than frenemies.
I didn't. I know fellow losers when I meet them. Losers stick together.
"Yeah. I can do that." She closed her eyes and tried again. Hoping she wouldn't end up back in that brick room.
"She was slowing it down...slowing the spread of the damage." It was probably the only reason why she was still alive or at least not far more seriously injured. The damage was done, but she'd kept most of the effects of the trauma from getting worse for a long time. How many hours had she held back the damage? Strange had never been more grateful for her powers.
"Yup."
"Nat then. We can trust her. Even Clint. They both love Peter and they're trained for this. If anyone comes near Peter, they'd have the Avengers on them in seconds."
"I'm going to let you go. Hold it just like that, okay?" He let go and took a step back. "See? Less wobbly. It's in your head." He cupped his chin, pondering. "It's like you are compensating for an injury, that is the normal pose, but you're adjusting it as if maybe you hurt your ankle, but that's putting stress on you, because it's not what your body's used to."
"We went through this with Maggie yesterday...actually less than that...it's been less than eighteen hours and it's felt like years... I know it sucks."
Peter curled up next to Tony. His medical equipment had been sent away within a day. Strange had offered the bedrooms to them, but they only took one. Peter wanted to stay close to Tony and Steve, the real Tony and Steve. He knew this place was safe. He didn't want to be around Maggie so much. She just looked so beaten up. And when the doctor had taken the bandages off her head to change them... It was awful. Seeing the way her hair was taken, in parts because it had been torn out, and removed entirely where her head had been put back together.
"Sorry?" The doctor turned and looked at Peter. "Why?"
"Race you, kid." Quentin grinned.
"Oh, the Hong Kong Sanctum was attacked last night. He had to go help. He texted to cancel."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Come on, kid, I know you aren't comfortable here."
When that door next opened, she'd look like she always did, helpless and weak, but she wasn't, not anymore. She took a deep breath and swallowed against the wave of nausea. She prayed to God that she didn't kill this man, that she only stopped him, knocked him out. She wasn't sure she could deal with it if she killed someone...but she had to get out.
"Sounds totally legal and legit." Maggie shrugged.
Strange snorted.
Peter watched with wide eyes as his dad knocked Stane out cold.
"Yes, you do." Steve grinned. "Come on, Mr. Stark, time to finish up dinner."
Tony could see Obie getting closer.
"Still not as cool as upstairs though, right?" Not-Tony asked with a smug smile, one that wasn't quite right.
"Go ahead. Make it clear no violence is allowed though."
"For real?"
"Like I said. Busy with our guest."
"Nothing wrong with having strengths and weaknesses." Tony wiped his hands on a towel, but grease was still on his face, clothes, and hands. "Sorry. That needed to be finished. Let's see if you like your new suit."
"Dad!" Peter elbowed him.
Peter nodded. It was an understatement. "It's just a lot."
"Well, he can try again. Didn't work last time. Won't work this time. He's got more power, but I'm ready. I'm waiting. He won't blindside me again."
"No." Steve shook his head. They entered a room and saw a wall torn open. That looked like something Peter could do. "Peter?!"
Maggie:
"It's fine. I do the same thing." Dr. Strange nodded, a small smile on his face.
The red and gold suit didn't get up.
Strange's eyes widened. "That's what it is?"
"I don't want a break."
There was a flash of green.
"Peter?"
"I just outed him as a 'super villain' and he's buying food?"
"Jesus!" A young woman shouted. "What the hell?" The woman was wearing scrubs and pressed a hand to her sternum in shock. She had a needle in her other hand and it was still steady, half-way through an IV push.
Maggie shrugged and danced. Like...REALLY danced.
"That's okay." Strange promised. "Totally normal. You're a little more with it, so we'll probably talk about it once you're done eating. I don't want you to be scared, but I want you to know the truth of what we're working toward and with. If you're up for it and you take the food alright, we'll have a talk. Sound fair?"
"You...will give me a lecture on balance and control." She realized.
Then, Peter stumbled artfully, but Maggie caught him. And slowly, she leaned backwards. It was a damn feat. The small girl not only caught Peter, but as she bent backwards, she actually lifted him off the ground. She had to be damn strong to lift him up and over, then, Peter tumbled. Their hands were still in each other's as they lay on their backs. They turned their heads, shared a smile and lifted off the ground at the same time. Their bodies symmetrical as they arched off the ground, almost forming a bridge with their bodies before they both spun, never letting go off each other, but Peter's sweatshirt came off at the seams, revealing a hotrod red and navy blue shirt that matched hers perfectly.
Peter flinched.
"It's me. I'm going to get you out of this."
"Probably. Come on." Steve nodded, leading Peter to his and Tony's bedroom. He knocked on the door and headed in once Tony responded.
"Maggie." Steve whispered.
"Use your powers again and we'll let HIM in."
"Well, that's changed now. You've been awake over two days that I know of. And you were fighting before that. You NEED to sleep."
"That's one hell of a party trick. Do you do birthday parties?" Clint asked.
"I'm fine."
Hawkeye lifted a single strand of hair from the ground. His eyes narrowed. "This familiar to anyone else?" He held up the long, wavy strand of auburn hair.
Maggie:
Wong shrugged. "I disagree in this case...though you can be an off-putting dick."
"Yeah."
"Then take a nap, but it can't be too long, because if my arm goes numb, I'm shoving you to the ground."
Maggie barely stayed upright, walking by his side. It was a few moments before she felt the texture of the floor change abruptly, from tile to hard wood. They were home. He'd opened a portal.
"HELP! PLEASE! HELP ME!"
Enough about me, there's a story below.
Maggie charged forward. The ticking of her watch slowed as she gave herself a bit of a speed boost.
Maggie opened her mouth, then frowned. The knowledge she looked for wasn't there, it sort of slipped out of her mind. "You win this one, Mr. Wong. I've run out of songs."
Maggie turned her head and looked at him. "I'm going to fall."
Maggie laughed loudly. "That's great. Awful. But great." She looked down at Animal Farm. "I got to go back to the plain old awful though, don't I?"
Steve turned him and pulled him close. "Hey, we'll find them both. We will."
"Thanks for helping again." She didn't really want to come off as ungrateful, but she was tired of not being able to do anything.
Maggie chuckled. "I'm in, if you want. I've got my solo pretty well mastered at this point. Hehe...pointe." She giggled.
"That one hurts."
"Don' leave me."
Dr. Strange froze and lifted his hands. He didn't want to. He wanted to grab her, hold her close. How was she standing? His eyes searched her for injuries. There were cuts and bruises. He could tell some of her hair had been pulled out. There was blood in her hair at her left temple. They must have hit her head and her skull didn't look...right, like the shape was wrong. His mind spun at the possible damage done to her brain. There were dark handprints around her throat. He was furious. He wanted to help, to help her feel better, to make everything right, to keep her safe, to fix everything. And he wanted to destroy whoever had hurt her. "I won't move."
"No. I'm great." Peter beamed. "Wanna find one more baddie before we have to head home?"
"Okay." Maggie followed him, quietly. The cloak of levitation quickly found Maggie and gave her a happy squeeze. "Hi, Cape-y." She giggled lightly. "Hey, hey, be careful."
Strange put a hand on her shoulder, but Peter thought the movement was weird. The way he lowered his arm, it hovered for the slightest second before it landed on Maggie. It was...telegraphed. Strange's movements around her were telegraphed. Almost unnoticeable, but Peter saw it. Strange looked her up and down with those sharp gray-blue eyes. "You look alright."
"That's for you to decide." Nat assured him. "Some people don't want prosthetics, some do. That's okay, either way. You can think about it." She pulled him a little closer. Slowly, she stood up and walked over to Maggie's bed. "She okay?"
"It's okay, Ned." Peter smiled at his friend. He turned back to the front and listened to the lecture.
"I'm not sure he has access to that zamboni this time. But I'm not even bothered about it." Vanessa said, almost cheerfully. "Give me a sword and I'd help too."
Peter had been gone for six hours, and Beck wanted to kill him with his bare hands. The tracker in the cuffs had been found. The kid, brilliant as he was, had found a way to get them off. He was avoiding cameras. Hiding. He'd caused more trouble than he was worth, frankly. Beck sent all the footage of Peter's capture to Tony. Then he stood up and looked at his crew. "Kid's scared, doesn't know what's real and what isn't. What do you do?" He wanted to bounce ideas off them. They'd been doing this since he'd escaped. They needed to get him quickly, before he had a chance to get ahold of someone he trusted.
"Hey, Reese. Got you something." Peter landed on the building and held out a carboard cup with a lid on it. It was steaming gently.
The wizard gave him a scathing look, then lowered to the ground.
She didn't like it. She didn't want to feel heavy or sluggish or wrong. She felt in a daze. Tired. Her thumb ached dully, but she focused and squeezed. Her fingers didn't grip too tight, but she could see them move, tighten slightly around his hand. That WAS his hand. The scars were right. She was safe.
"We found a lot of physical abuse. I imagine it was a lot of emotional and metal abuse..." He looked like he was the one who hit his head and was unable to speak. "Was there any other type of abuse or trauma we should look for?"
"And make sure you stop to eat before dance!"
"I'm with Peter on this one. There's a reason why you aren't allowed to play video games with the Avengers."
The world went dark in a blink.
"That's my girl." Wade squeezed her hand. "We'll get this."
"Normally, I'd say that was a good thing. That they didn't know he was Spiderman, but that's not the case." Tony looked at the suit. Peter's captors knew he was Spiderman. That meant they'd come prepared.
"Look, Maggie. If you're not comfortable going because you don't trust him, then don't go. Stay home. But if you're worried about going because you think you're a burden, don't worry about that. He would have said 'no' if he was busy." Peter said. "Look, I know you think he's cool. And you seem to trust him. So...go. You'll be fine. And if you're not. Your friendly neighborhood super-friend also has super parents and I'm just a call away if you need help or a place to crash. Seriously, we have a guest bedroom my Zio Rhodey uses sometimes. Super comfy."
Maggie settled back, a silent message that it was okay.
And he wanted to give Zia Pepper a hug though, because she was being a badass and handling literally EVERYTHING so Dad could be with him. And the Avengers, mostly Clint, Nat, and Bruce were keeping everyone of Steve and Tony's back with half-threats. Happy handled Peter's school, telling them he'd been out due to a rough patch, so his absences were excused and Happy had gotten his assignments from Ned. Peter wasn't sure he'd be able to be in class for finals. He might get to ask for an extension.
"You can say that again."
"It's fine if I don't move."
Peter couldn't tell her. She didn't know that Tony was Iron Man.
Maybe that was wishful thinking. Maggie kind of liked that Dr. Strange seemed to care about her. He...kinda...gave her dad-vibes, grumpy as he was at times, but she would NEVER say that to him. "I had a nightmare last night. School is secondary." Maggie said.
"Yes."
Vanessa glared at him, then continued. "We understand her on that level. We both chose a less...upright path out of our dysfunction. But Maggie is a good kid, trying to deal with horrible things that were done to her. She was bound to have trust issues, even after therapy. She grew up knowing that where she should be safe could be violated and that people who should have protected her didn't. Her...trusting people is a big deal. It took her a while to believe that Wade and I would show up when she needed us. We want her to trust people, to have that support. The tighter she keeps her circle though, the harder it will be for her to move forward, to be less...paranoid."
Tony and Steve ushered him into the living room and they all sat down. "Okay. Start from the top, kid. What's happening?"
"Of course." The voice in the bowl was so cheerful. He stood up and opened the door. "Scream nice and loud so your friend can hear, won't you? Or I'll let him off his leash."
"It's cuter when it's fluffy."
"Peter...Peter, lay down. Easy, bud." Steve's hand found him.
"I want to watch you suffer. And I will. I'm always watching. Thing is...I don't want to hurt him. But I gotta say, fear and pain...look really good on your face."
"I call Nat and Clint, ask them if they can keep an eye on him for a while." Steve nodded and turned to Peter. "You won't even notice they're there. Promise."
"Oh my God!" Tony pressed a hand to his chest and ran forward, looking over the edge. He saw Peter swing and could hear the excited 'woooooooo' of joy before the red and blue blur that was Peter was gone, headed for Queens. "My heart stopped for a moment. Holy shit."
"Come on, Magpie. Let's get you home."
Maggie squinted her eyes, but that hurt. "Mm?"
"Not even the boy scout?" Tony asked.
"You are so funny."
Tony grinned. "Good. Now I just have to make sure he doesn't use them against me."
He could probably see the blood already, but she pointed to the three places. "It hurts to breathe."
"The church." Tony realized.
He sighed. "I'll..." He looked at Wade. "You feeling restless, Mr. Wilson?"
"Intruder alert, Sir." JARVIS stated.
The worst part, was every time the torture stopped, he heard Maggie screaming. In his moments of reprieve. He looked around and tried to think of a way out. If Maggie was in the direction of the screams...he wasn't sure he could get to her if he got out. There were lots of locked doors that way, judging by the other sounds. If he escaped, could he get to her before they killed her?
"Margaret..."
"Oh, she's fine. But I did want to talk to you about her."
Steve nodded and smiled at Peter, but answered Tony's question aloud. "He's...he's going to be fine. He's in a chair, looks like vibranium. It's all over him. I won't be able to get it off."
"I HEARD THAT! YOU TRAITOR!"
"Isn't that a lot though?"
I vote no tie.
She snorted. "Rest is doing you some good on your general health too. I can tell. So suck it up and rest or I will tattle on you."
"Thanks."
"I know, darling, I know." Peter grinned. "Dude, even my suit can go in the wash. Sweet, huh?"
"Good one, bambino. Next time, kick his ass. He deserves it for not wearing his suit for me." Tony grinned and winked at Steve, slapping him on the ass as he walked by.
Peter recognized a panic attack when he saw one. "You gotta breathe, Maggie. Can I touch you?"
"'If you think this is hell, you're wrong. Believe me, this is only the beginning.' I don't know his voice...and it was a little distorted...by the bowl." Maggie looked up at Strange. "What does that mean? Why did I see THAT when focusing on Peter's presentation. What's the connection there?"
Take care.
"Pepper Potts was the coordinator on that. I just went along with it. Kids aren't exactly my specialty." Tony said flippantly, the way they would imagine he'd speak. He hated these people.
"No! Stay right there." She raised the brick against him, her jaw tight, hands shaking in fear. Could she hurt something or someone wearing the face of someone she cared about? Her head hurt too much to know. "Don't come any closer."
Steve walked forward and pulled Tony into a hug. "We're going to bring him home."
"Who-?" Tony looked at the camera feed, exhausted, then saw Strange in the lobby.
Peter pressed closer to Steve. "I know."
"Occupying my mind so I don't lose it." Maggie whimpered. She felt like her mind was lost already. It felt like her brains were scrambled. The lights hurt, her stomach hurt. Everything hurt. "I can't escape, we all know that. I can't."
"But you have your own Daddy Warbucks."
"You'll get it."
Do you see me putting off plot? That's because I've been trying to write an action scene and my brain just won't compute. Bleh. Anyways! Missed you guys and this story.
Vanessa responded with a smiley face and a 'Kids, huh?'
"Why do not seem to think so?"
"I have the wizard's phone." The woman on the other side of the screen said. "We've reprogramed it. It's only going to receive what we want it to now. Even if they call for his help, he won't get those messages."
"No one asked you anything." Ness said, confused.
"I think so." Peter nodded.
Clint picked up the burner phone he'd gotten. He dialed the number instantly. "Hey, Ed, I just wanted to talk to you about that work assignment." Clint's eyes drifted over the hotel across the street. Considering that the hotel was set to be demolished, it was weird to see people in it.
"Imprisoned. Afraid. Terrified. Helpless I haven't felt like that since." She flinched violently away from Dr. Strange's touch. Memories made her flinch, not him.
"He's actually his uncle and his step-father."
Peter frowned. "I'm sorry, but I'm sure he'll be okay. He seems more than capable. He'll figure it out."
"Jesus. Life is really weird these days."
"There's just a lot of stress right now. I guess it's got us all a little riled up, yeah?"
"I may have pissed off a doctor."
He took a deep breath. "I don't want to subject her to that sort of...test if it's unnecessary." He'd seen most of her body from helping Christine clean her and searching for wounds. It wasn't his normal area...but everyone was taught the signs of sexual assault. She hadn't appeared to have any bruises or marks that indicated such assault. He'd ask her...if she was in a place to answer. It would be a rough conversation, but it was necessary. And if she was... He'd ask Christine, of course...because she'd seen more cases in the ER and because she was a woman. Doctor or not, unconscious or not, Strange knew Maggie'd be more comfortable with a woman. "We'll figure it out. Thus far, that we know of, she'll heal physically. Not sure...how we're going to shape up mentally, but she'll...pull through." Lots of things could happen with brain injuries...people could change, even without all the psychological trauma on top of the actual physical trauma.
"Fair enough. Kid, the usual?" Tony asked Peter.
"Something is m-m-missing." She said with a frown.
"I'll say no. But you get to decide."
Tony frowned. "JARVIS, open up a new work file, title it... Reese's Pieces, won't you?"
"Please, please don't." Peter's voice cracked.
"'n hologra's. No' nigh'mare. No' ghos'. Drones."
Happy huffed. "Kid, next time you have your girlfriend over, please make sure she get's a visitor badge, okay? The rules keep us safe."
"Oh my God! YOU were itsy-bitsy." Peter said.
Maggie cried against her dad's chest.
Peter opened his eyes. Where in the hell was he? His muscles tensed and, when he didn't feel any resistance, he launched himself to the ceiling.
Maggie tried to smile, then let darkness take her.
Maggie laughed. "I'm sorry...I'm not laughing at you. It's dark humor."
"Now, tell me why. Why does it look that way? What could make someone in danger, but also not have a defined source? Try to explain."
His phone rang again.
"Well aware." Strange said, keeping his hand on her arm.
"Appreciated, cutie." Wade said quietly.
Peter was screaming.
Peter dropped into the sewer. He closed his eyes and focused. He didn't feel anything near him. He needed to get through this. Needed to find some place where he'd be safe. The church would be safe. The baddie hadn't seemed to know about that place. He needed to get these chains off too. They were too tight for him to dislocate his joints and slip free. He'd have to find some sort of tool to get them off. Or find a way to hack the electronic locks. Shit. What if there were trackers in them? He needed to get these things off ASAP.
"I like math. Not much of anything else, but math is cool. Science is...okay."
"Okay."
Tony snorted and rolled his eyes. "Sure, kid. How's the update going?"
First he pulled free Peter's phone.
"The teacher wouldn't let her come to the office." Kate responded when Maggie didn't.
Peter felt really safe once he was between his parents. It was lovely. Safe. Finally.
Strange lowered one of his hands, noticing the blood and cuts on hers. Her fingernails were shredded from scratching against something rough. Where was her watch? Where were her gloves? What had they done to her?
Strange didn't envy her. These needles had to go deep. "Breathe. Holding your breath won't help." She took a ragged breath. Then sighed. "Alright. Feel any of this?" There was a lot of blood. He didn't realize how much she was loosing, how much she had been losing. How long had she been bleeding until she'd let him start working? No wonder she looked so pale. "You're B-, right?"
"Don't hurt her, I'll do whatever you want, she doesn't need to be hurt." Peter insisted. She couldn't heal. If they hurt her... And whatever this guy's powers were, he could bring Peter's worst nightmares to life. What would he bring to life for Maggie? Peter didn't know her whole story...but he knew enough to be afraid of what her nightmares would do to her. "What do you get out of this? I don't even know you?"
"Yup." Peter nodded. "Take it easy on that arm, okay?"
Steve sighed. "Who is it?"
"Margie?" Strange asked quietly.
"You don't look fine." He said slowly walking into the room. "What's going on, sweetie? Did something happen today?" He pulled out her desk chair and sat down. "Did you get hurt? Did someone hurt you on patrol?"
"You got it."
"It's against our school's policies. Children shouldn't have prescription medications on their person."
"Oh...fair enough."
Take Care.
Peter didn't leave with his parents. He stuck around and waited to make sure Maggie woke up alright. Dr. Strange woke first. He got up and immediately looked at her IV bag. Then he looked down at her. He made a gesture with his hands and they went still. Gently, he started taking vitals. Somehow, he didn't even wake her up, even when he took her blood pressure, though, he face did scrunch a little. He listed to her heart and lungs with a stethoscope.
"Mark it down on the calendar, because it's not happening again." Strange insisted before sliding closer. "You alright to talk?"
"They're nice." She agreed.
"Cool, gonna hang up, can't hold a phone and fight." Maggie called out, then hung up.
"Yeah, I know. I just didn't want to steal a room without you knowing it. I mean...I already did take it...all of it. I'm the only one who knows how to get in and out."
"You're just so small and that...is a really big drop."
Mentions of past childhood sexual abuse in this. Nothing graphic, but it's there.
"Yes, ma'am." The call ended. Tony held his good hand out to Peter.
"Training. With the way my head got scrambled my timeline has moved up. I need to master my abilities before they overpower me. I'm already having more visions than I used to. It's kinda like the filter I usually have has holes in it."
"I've done this a million times... Okay, probably closer to a few thousand, but still. How are YOU afraid of heights?"
"Just have a few questions about your boss: Stark. Play nice and nothing bad will happen to you, kid."
Peter shook his head.
Strange clasped his shaky hands and leaned forward. "Not trying to be weird. But what's the best way to go about those...possible weak spots?"
"Shut it. And I think I know how to get rid of these things. Want to help?"
"Ned's the computer guy, right?"
Beck didn't dislike Peter. In fact, the kid was brilliant and awkwardly nice to boot. He didn't want to hurt the kid...but hurting him would cut Stark deeply. THAT was something Beck wanted, more than anything.
"I don't need you to do more than what you want to. But...if she could see you more often, I think it would be good for her."
"Recently, yeah." Peter agreed.
"I thought it was cute and funny. And, hey, it proves to me just how good of a teacher Steve's got." Tony poked Peter's shoulder.
"Focus and relaxation." He answered.
"I'll ask her over more."
Knocking came from below, jolting Peter.
"But some things don't leave." Strange said.
"I didn't get a hard deadline or anything." Peter knew he was supposed to, then he'd...well, collapsed of starvation and well... He hadn't gotten the deadline. That bit had been forgotten amidst everything else. Maybe they'd talk about it once Tony was back tomorrow. Peter'd get to go upstairs then, work with his Dad, no more worrying about anything strange downstairs. No more fake Tony. Just the internship as it should be. "Think he got distracted, with the explosion and all. But I hope I'm doing well enough."
"What's that?" Peter asked.
"You must really like her. Do you even know her though? She hasn't even told you her real name, has she?"
It worked so long. Until Dad hadn't had a chance to speak...and he'd been killed.
Nat and Clint left.
"I will, I will." She promised, cleaning the sink after it drained. He'd been at Wade and Vanessa's it couldn't have been a habit she picked up from them. She did say her dad had been pretty strict though. Strange imagined anyone next to the Wilson's was strict by comparison.
"Yeah, Stane runs with a crowd different from the thugs in Queens, Peter. This isn't petty thieves we're talking about. He works with people that..." Tony winced and shivered, his eyes haunted. "They're terrorists, Peter. They wouldn't stop just because you're a kid." Tony bit his lip and took a breath. "Look the last thing I wanted was for him to know anything about you!"
"Told you volunteering was bad, kid." Wade muttered.
"Everything." Maggie answered on reflex, then tilted her head. "No...not everything. That's not the right word."
Maggie made a noise.
He laughed and climbed up the building. They ended up side-by-side on the building.
His spidersense screamed at him. The shield bounced and sliced through his webbing, sending him tumbling to the ground. "Fuck!"
"You're on." Peter said. It would be a good test. Plus, Ned would be stoked to be able to finally talk to Peter about coding. Maybe if he got good enough he and Ned could build better systems again, like they used to before Peter'd had to drop robotics.
"Oh shush!" She shouted back. "What are you doing?"
"Who had the puppies!" Maggie remembered, then slapped her forehead. "Sorry."
"Thanks, Papa."
Peter blushed and winced a little when she stuck a needle in his arm.
"So you mean to tell me, that you knew who Iron Man was and you didn't tell us?" Clint asked. "I'm shocked. No, wait I'm not, because you're banging him."
Maggie gestured to him.
"Yeah, the private room please. And...tell Dad I'm alright, just running late."
"Honey, next time, just wear the suit. I love seeing you in what I made for you."
"I'll fly us." Tony agreed.
He'd placed the appropriate bets though. Stane wasn't good enough to take out Tony. No. Beck knew the true way to do it. Don't attack a fighter with direct force. No...take out their hearts, make them weak, then leave them shattered. Easy as pie.
Strange wiped his face as Vanessa and Wade stepped in. The cloak of levitation snuck in above them and quickly flew into the room, gently settling on Maggie's legs. Strange smiled gently at that. The cloak was usually a bit finicky with who it settled around. It'd never once hesitated to comfort Maggie when she'd needed it.
Dr. Strange nodded then stood up. He checked the whole room for her. It was empty. No sign of a person. Nothing. And he would have seen someone leave her door. "Margaret...it was a nightmare. I know it seemed real. I know it feels real. But he's dead."
"From you? Oh, simple. You're here to keep...what do you call him? Itsy Bitsy? In line."
He took a deep breath. He needed to go home...he couldn't go home. They were watching his home.
Maggie knew that look, because people had been giving it to her her whole life. Everyone treated her like an idiot. She didn't know why she was getting it this time though, she hadn't failed a test or anything, right? "Is something else wrong? Did something else go bad? Like infection or sepsis or something?"
"Come over here." Peter called.
When they parted Tony licked his lips and a small smirk lifted his lips. "You know, it might take a little more convincing."
Shaking her head, she headed down to meet Strange. He held out a cup of juice without looking at her. The contents sloshed, but he didn't fill the glass all the way up, so it didn't spill. "Thank you."
"Who says I was sending you somewhere on Earth?"
There was a strange, brief pause. "Yes, Mr. Parker."
Peter's eyes widened when he caught the shirt she threw at him. Blue, the same shade as his Papa's suit and red, the same shade as Iron Man's suit. The colors were swirled together in an almost tie-dye fashion.
"Since the start." Peter answered. "Hi, by the way." He sat in a waiting chair as Cho guided Maggie to the exam table.
Her eyelids instantly went heavy. She tried to grasp at her powers, but the sleepier she became the harder it was to even know they were there.
"Wha' hurt?"
Peter snorted. "She'd take offense." Then again, she tended to call him the Itsy Bitsy Spider, so it seemed fair.
"Yeah. I just gotta make sure it's you two." Peter whispered. "I know when it's you now, Dad. But...what if they try it with Papa? I mean...the fight aside, Oscar performance."
"No signs of struggle at the scene." JARVIS supplied.
"I don't exactly have a good track record with it. Sometimes I think I'm better off with...distance."
"Um...sure?" Ned sounded all sorts of confused.
Maggie hid her face against his chest and clung to him, crying. "Sorry."
"Nothing, I just think 10 did it better."
"Fantastic! And thank you so much for Karen, she's great. I love her." Peter grinned. "I mean, JARVIS is like my best boi, but...Karen's my girl."
"Got it." Peter nodded.
"It's okay, I know where it is." She shrugged and walked away, right toward it.
"'mkay." Maggie managed to keep herself awake through the checks. Only really complaining when a light flashed in her eyes. It was too bright in the dim room. It hurt her eyes and she couldn't even twist her head away from it.
There was quiet for a few minutes as they all watched the sun rise.
She walked across the floor slowly, gingerly. Then seemed to relax, putting her bag down on the sofa.
"The man who 'ook me. I saw his real face. He 'ook me with his 'eal f-face. Wore a fish bowl later."
"A what?" Strange asked, confused at the very weird description.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mind the French, Margaret."
She heard Wade's voice, pipe up in her head, talking about loose ends.
The Cloak on Strange's shoulders took off after her, landing on her shoulders. She giggled when it lifted her up the last flight of stairs.
Maggie watched him move. She felt a sudden arm wrap around her. She felt herself yanked back against a tall form. She started to move to fight back, but then something rang loudly in her ear. Her whole body went still, limp as a ragdoll.
"You need to get some sleep."
Beck grinned and reached into his bag. "About my funding. I'd like it in advance." He lifted his prototype from the bag. It wasn't as good as Peter's, Beck knew that. But Beck didn't really want Stane to have that much power anyway. This power source would give Stane a good upgrade, for sure. Enough he may even stand a chance against Stark, but Beck fully expected Stark to win. In fact, he was rooting for Stark, because Quentin wanted to be the one to break him. "That, right there, is the answer to every problem you have. No more Stark."
"That is for my intern to announce. I have a very minimal hand in it. When he thinks it's ready, then he'll announce it. It's not my baby, it's his."
Pepper snorted. "He couldn't tie his shoes without me. Sure, he can engineer a badass suit to fight the monsters in a cave, but the man would forget to eat, sleep, and breathe without me." She smiled kindly. "And you. You've been a good influence. Glad me and Rhodey aren't the only ones kicking his ass into taking care of himself."
She laughed. "Well, they're alright...but yeah, bit below my paygrade, Stark makes up the difference though." Dr. Cho looked down at his hands then turned to a nurse. "Get him whatever he wants. I trust him. Unless you've forgotten your preferred stitching pattern."
"Who's Claudius?"
"Can you smoo-"
"I still don't eat right sometimes and I get really guilty if I don't finish all my food or if I get sick. Trauma's weird like that." Peter responded.
"No, I think it's okay." Peter felt the blow coming before it even arrived and narrowly dodged a piece of the building to the face. "Not nice!" He flipped off the building.
Vanessa laughed. "We can come up with a better story. Wade's gonna be pissed at whoever got a hit in."
Steve nodded.
"Maggie!" Peter protested.
"Who is this bastard?" Vanessa asked.
"It's Peter's project, honey." Tony explained. "We haven't got a name yet for it, because "alternative to the arc reactor for the everyman who can't afford and arc reactor" is way too big of a name. But we'll figure it out."
He sat and closed his eyes. He had a hard time breathing. His mind was racing through all the damage that could have been done...that may exist even now in Maggie's brain. Her emotions dampened. Her ability to focus and prioritize. He was good, very good at what he did. She'd likely be okay, right? Recovery would take a while. She'd have to be watched, go through rehabilitation, might have motor function issues or memory issues. He...he was very good but... What if his hands shook? What if he'd caused more damage? What if she hadn't used her powers? "She...she could have had a stroke...seizures. Could have been losing brain cells within minutes of the injury. If she didn't have her powers... I..." Strange couldn't breathe. He would have never heard her scream. He would have searched that building high and low. He would have found her dead, chained to a wall, eyes empty, skin pale and cold.
"I'll keep it in mind." Tony nodded. "Dig in, buddy."
He'd never seen Mr. Stane in person until that moment, but he'd seen the papers. He knew what the monster looked like.
"Afternoon, Papa." Peter waved.
"Are we sure he was a doctor?" Strange asked biting his lips. "I mean he just...DROPPED his patient. Like...wow."
"Thanks... Or..." Isabelle turned and tilted her head. "You could ask Maggie."
"Don't judge me." Maggie rolled her eyes.
"Maggie? Your dance partner? Huh, didn't peg her for the hero gig, but they come in all shapes." Tony sighed. "She safe?"
"Down some stairs and he often gets verbally abused by that punk. Peter's a good kid, turns the other cheek, takes the hits, doesn't hit back. He actually told me not to come here..." Steve bit his lip. "Guess I'm not as good as my kid. Either straighten out the situation, or I'll find a way to straighten it out myself. Simple as that." Steve smiled. "Have a good day."
Maggie snorted. "I wish. I'm not ALLOWED." She rolled her eyes. "Something about mastering myself before attempting anything else."
Maggie nodded and fidgeted with her gloves. "I just don't like when people leave."
Peter dropped from the building, swinging down into the streets to guide and swing people away from the fight. Getting people out from under debris.
Steve smiled, glad that the two seemed to be back to normal. "What do you need?"
"'M really dizzy 'n tired."
"Agreed." Tony pushed himself from the sofa, wincing.
"What the fuck?" Her eyes widened. Black, form-fitted pants that had a holster for her staff just above the right knee. A white undershirt that went all the way to the neck. The coat, the beautiful pea coat. Six black buttons on deep blue...the same blue her father always wore. There were black gloves, a blue mask, and black boots. She stepped up and gently touched the fabric. "Woah." It felt soft, lightweight.
"What are you doing?" Wade asked.
"You...what?" Maggie asked, confused.
The door opened gently.
"She'll probably be asleep for a while. She'll know you were here. Go be with your family." Strange looked at the Wilson's. Wade's eyes had blinked open. "She's taken care of. Safe and sound."
She'd have to be very careful pulling apart the wall...they were still watching her.
"I'll go get that lady."
He grabbed a cup of ice chips. It was half-melted, because Christine had brought it a few hours ago, in case she woke up again. He opened the cup for her with a shaky hand. "Not too much at once. You're more likely to be sick after surgery, and it wouldn't feel too good. Only a little bit for now."
She nodded. "Sorry again."
"Not true." Peter dropped and landed on his feet. "Food, I'm hungry. Truce for now?"
"Maybe you could learn another calming hobby."
Peter shook his head as he grabbed a plate. "It-it's not that. It's just...you're both older and used to this kind of stuff."
"I'll even snuggle."
She almost looked affronted. "I'm a girl who can manipulate time. Why wouldn't I watch Doctor Who? Plus...David Tennant."
Almost called this chapter 'Thanks...I hate it' but while it made me laugh, it didn't fit with the tone.
Tony's head popped through the space and his eyes widened. There was only a piece of paper. A note from Peter? A way to find him? He snatched it.
Cho patted his arm. "You're welcome. And good job out there. I know you haven't seen the news, but there were no casualties yesterday, because of you and her. Everyone got out, worst of it was a guy with fifteen broken bones, but he's expected to pull through just fine. You did good."
Everything was beautiful, perfect.
Peter bent backward under Nat's foot. He considered taking her out right then and there, it wouldn't be difficult, her attack left her other leg wide open, easy to knock her over. But Peter's spidersense went off. He used his webs to grip the wall and slide him across the floor, narrowly missing getting hit by Steve's shield. He jumped to his feet and turned, looking at both his opponents.
"Fight at SI. We started heading that way, but there were already...things blowing up. So I sent us back, gave us a head start. We might get there in time to see it start if we hurry. It might let us stop whatever this is before it gets crazy."
"I'll check it out to make sure." Tony promised. "We'll figure this out. For now...let's act normal. In a week, they'll lose access to using an LMD around you. I'll be back to work so I'll actually be able to be there to look after you."
She seemed to lighten up a little. "Thanks. I will. Are you okay?"
Tracy looked disappointed in herself. "Shit, maybe I should sleep more...or drink less caffeine. The stuff makes me crazy. What's your big idea?"
"You son of a bitch, I'll kill you."
Nat walked into the room, rubbing her hair dry with a towel. "Hey, Pete. How was dance? Dance was today, right?" She asked, getting into the fridge and pulling out a cup of pudding.
"PETER! I hear you! I'm coming."
"Margaret?"
Steve's shield bounced back to him. "You're catching on. You could have taken her out, but you didn't. Good. That's forethought. You're getting better at using your brain, not just your brawn." Steve approved. Then Steve threw his shield, hard at Peter's head.
"He's getting better. And with his webs he's consistently keeping pace with me. Even Nat says he's getting really good. Once his brains and brawn meet...that kid will knock me out."
"What can I do?" Aaron asked immediately.
"Of course." Ness answered, hitting replay. There wasn't much Maggie could do. Keeping her occupied was good. Helpful. It kept her spirits up when she got frustrated or scared or sad.
"Doctor." He corrected, his tone no-nonsense. "I'm a neurosurgeon and if I say she needs to have access to her meds, then she needs them. Now she's so far gone she probably can't take them. Do you know how much pain she's in?!"
"Ca' I try?"
"They're okay. Clint says he likes the new arrow tips."
"Well, technically I guess I did, but I'm just looking out for you. You told me you gotta rest sometimes, remember? I'm just trying to return the favor and help. What's going on with you?" The stress had to be real. Tony'd never looked at him with that much...disdain before.
"I'm sure you'll do alright. You're a smart kid." Delmar smiled, wrapped the sandwich and handed it over the counter.
"Is it Peter?" Strange asked, looking for the connection. Something had taken her from one place to the other. There had to be some connection. Some logical leap.
"Okay. I'll play it cool for now." Peter nodded.
"Yeah, sounds great." Steve said. "Want to cook together? We missed out on it Saturday, because of Mr. Bum Arm here. Want to learn something new today?"
"Professor Baldo is pretty good at it, maybe you can get a lesson or something. Where are the x-people anyway? You think the writer might include them after mentioning them so often. Professor Baldo could do his 'find the spider' thing with his tin hat on. Don't you think more superheros would be better? Or too deus ex?"
"Why? We need to go-"
He didn't know how to stop the tears that came after that. He kept one hand on Maggie's wrist, the other he used to hold Christine closer.
"I need help." He dialed Ned's number for a video chat.
Peter grinned and got to work.
Maggie huffed, then whirled and kicked him in the chest.
"Stark, don't push too hard..." Strange said in low warning.
"What?" Maggie stopped dancing. "Come on, that's classic. Like OG classic."
"I know...I know." He said, trying to soothe her.
Somewhere, inside, he heard someone threatening him by killing Maggie. But if she was there, he'd be able to hear her too, right? If the alarms were going off, she'd probably react to that.
"TRAITOR!" Tony protested.
"It's our policy. We can't have irresponsible kids running around with prescription drugs."
It took him a while, but he felt it, the tapping on his arm. "Papa?"
"It's okay." Wong assured him. "I'll get you something to eat. You should probably get a change of clothes...and a shower, not in that order."
"He needs help."
Peter cried against Tony. His head pressed close to the arc reactor, listening to the metallic echo of his heartbeat. He felt Tony's grip fade, then his mask was pulled off. Peter understood quickly. Tony was hiding the mask, keeping his identity secret. "Come on, Roo." Tony pulled him to the car. "In, kid. I've got you." They got in and Tony pulled Peter close. He kissed the top of his head and ruffled his hair. "Hap, take us home. Hey, baby, I've got you. I'm here."
"Don't ever apologize for being the smartest one in the room." He smiled. "You're right. It is an 'off switch.'"
Tony stepped a little closer. His heartbeat seemed a bit quick, was he in pain?
"Are they real?" Maggie whispered in fear.
Dr. Strange closed his own watery eyes and counted her breaths.
"Come on down, we'll transfer them somewhere secure and ask." Nat said.
"That's what Happy said." Tony agreed. "Don't worry about anything. You're Papa's working on it with Nat and Clint. I've already done a complete background check on the guy using facial recognition."
"This house is no stranger to panic attacks or PTSD responses. No judgement here." Tony soothed.
"Yeah." Peter agreed.
"We all know you love it." Strange said. "Is Margaret alright?" His voice was serious.
Peter could tell part of that had come from the press conference Nat and Clint had held. They'd been very clear that there would be no discussion about Peter, topped with very thinly veiled threats. They'd made no such threats with Steve and Tony, but they'd made it very clear that the family were to be left alone until they were ready to go speak up.
Christine nodded. "Put him in that second bed...that just totally appeared out of no-where...at least Strange knew to send more help. I've got about thirty seconds left on this. Put him down, I'll help." Christine continued her push.
"Grounded, but healthy. Her...mentor? Dr. Strange, he made sure she was alright. She got a...bunch of stitches...and they had to give her blood."
"Mm. Have you seen Hannibal?"
The man shifted and put the sharp object in his hand down. "Well, if you want something done right..."
"Same to you." Maggie's blue form flew away, disappearing into a burning building.
Maggie grabbed his hands and pulled him close. Their dance was awkward as they met, two styles that didn't quite mesh. She had the clean, wonderful movements. His were rougher around the edges. Tony would say Lady and the Tramp, but Tony knew what they were really portraying, the difference between Tony and Steve's life in the tower and Peter's life in the streets.
"I'm just trying to look out for you."
Peter nodded, then turned. His eye met a bag of bloody clothes. She had really lost a lot of blood. "Um...I'm gonna see if me and Dad can make her a suit. Something that won't cut so easy."
"He said that?" Peter laughed.
"Well...I'd say that worked. Time for the next test."
Warnings! Depictions of medical procedures, torture, vomiting, amputation, panic attacks. And all sorts of fun things that can happen with trauma to the brain...which is a lot, my research tells me, especially where I imagined Maggie as being hurt so...yay research. (I'm not a doctor yo, just read a BUNCH of things and watched videos that made me feel grossed out.)
"It's okay. It's okay. Don't stress about it," Strange soothed. "Things may be a bit difficult at first. It happens. You're on a lot of meds at the moment."
"Sounds fair. Something animated?"
"Is it Alejandro calling?"
"Yeah. I'm okay." Peter grinned. "Just a little scary."
"Not sure that's legal, Dad."
"Well, I have lazy days. Sweatpants are a gift to mankind, let me tell you."
Peter nodded and followed Happy. "Sorry, Hap."
Peter's spider sense stopped going off in the lab. Not even the dull 'something's off' spider sense. Everything was normal, safe. Something about that unnerved Peter, but he didn't feel unsafe. Strange.
"Yeah. Math's easier for me. Numbers aren't so bad." She had nearly the whole week's worth of work done in calculus.
"Captain Rogers, two people are trying to enter the building. One is threatening violence against Mr. Hogan."
"Hey, Mags." It sounded like him. But something in her rebelled. He knelt in front of her and gently touched her face.
Steve didn't say anything.
"Sure."
Peter couldn't believe that. Why would she give two fucks about how he was? He'd LEFT her in that hell. She must know that. Unless...how hard did she hit her head? Did she not know what he'd done? That he'd abandoned her in that torture? She'd been real. She hadn't been a projection like everything else. She'd really been there. He should have tried to save her. Instead he'd...he'd failed her. Peter cried harder but tried not to to pull his hand from the IV.
Weird, Peter thought, but didn't question it. He ran to his own room to get changed out of his suit. He made it back before she did. "Thanks, Dad."
"You're sassy after a nap." Dr. Strange said. "Point taken, though."
Maggie rushed to them. "Hey, it's okay, I'm going to help you." She coughed. "We gotta get out of here fast, okay? I know you're scared. Is that your little sister or brother?"
"Alright, try to get through one before dinner."
"Peter. I know the truth. I know you're Spiderman." Dream May looked betrayed. Hurt.
"I formally apologize for her." Maggie said with a huff.
Peter fired a web and hit the shield. He launched himself over Steve and ripped the shield away by force. He stuck it to his own arm and landed safely on Steve's other side. By the time Peter landed, Steve was on him, throwing a punch. Peter held up the shield to protect himself, only to get a foot to his gut for his trouble. Steve hadn't pulled his strength.
Why did he feel like he was being watched? Peter shook himself. He always felt that way these days. He wondered if that was how his dad felt all the time, being famous. Everyone wanted to talk to him all the time. Everyone was watching him. Peter didn't like it. He wondered how his dad stood it for so long.
"Do you need to be grounded or something?" Wade whispered.
There was a couple pictures Maggie showed him. "It was a really weird week. But it's kinda nice. We got all these pictures up on the walls. I got to feel like a kid for the first time ever... As awkward as it was, it was nice... Don't ever tell anyone I said that."
"No."
"Oh, then you should go home, hun. It's alright. You won't get in trouble for taking a sick day, Peter." Tracy promised.
Strange didn't know. But if he knew anything about time, there WAS a connection. They just didn't know what it was. Yet.
"I can change those, you know?"
Maggie focused on the future, her breaths slow and even. She might see a way out. But every time she tried to think of a way out, she kept seeing a man, bloodied on the floor.
Peter shrugged and rubbed the back of his neck. "Good. I'm settling in. It's getting easier. Still weird sometimes."
"I know. I can be funny sometimes." Maggie said, brushing invisible dirt from her shoulder.
Peter pursed his lips slightly. This could be awkward, but he wanted to know. "So, you don't call Wade and Vanessa your parents?"
Strange frowned. The wound looked mostly clean, what he could see of it. It was across her ribs. Part of it was under the band of her bra. He didn't touch her. "I need you to lift this out of the way and hold it for me, you don't have to take it off, it just needs to be out of the way." The girl bit her lip, closed her watering eyes, then lifted the band of the sports bra up toward her armpit. It did nothing to reveal her in any way, but it got the cut in plain view. "Right there works perfect." He didn't want to have to cut it or remove it. But if she couldn't keep it out of the way it would have to be taken off. It was no issue to him. He was a doctor. He'd seen more people in states of undress than he could even count. Bodies were bodies. It was what it was, everyone had one. He knew that wasn't Maggie's view of it though. If he could manage it, he'd let her keep as much privacy as possible.
"Maggie?"
Tony froze. "What?"
"Nat, you have to stop this."
Dr. Strange nodded. "You can have both. I'll help you find a way. You don't have to trade away parts of yourself. But you have to try harder, Margaret. I know you aren't putting your full focus in. I can tell. I've seen your full focus before, I know what it's like. You don't focus when you read."
"You mean my bodyguard." Tony winked awkwardly.
"Kid-"
"Doesn't matter what I think. Kids don't get to choose that stuff." Maggie muttered.
Maggie didn't know that voice. Her eyes snapped open and her body tensed. Fight or flight instantly activated. But she couldn't run. Everything felt heavy, limp.
"Okay."
Smack.
"Okay... Is something wrong?"
And she was always the one to text him first. Her writing a bit worse than normal. And when she called, he didn't pick up.
"Ooh, I wanna know. Tell me." Peter poked her shoulder. "I haven't done as much dance as you have. What other things should I try?"
