“Shooting first. Honestly, Cap. Don't get your trousers in a bunch.” Tony grinned, winking at a giggling James.
“Excuse me?”
,” Tony’s grandfather immediately tried to reassure him, though he could have no idea how much he failed at that. “The gypsies steal and cause all sorts of problems. I heard they even steal children. So, to control the crime, the Ministry declared that all gypsies must be confined to police zones. It’s not like in Germany, where they round up good people.”
Tony nodded, saying nothing, thinking that was the first time he’d ever heard Natacha voluntarily speak on their mother.
It was what he couldn't hear that had him worried.
Maybe he really should stay. Perhaps the return of routine would be helpful? Wasn’t that what people were always saying, that children required structure?
Natacha glanced at Tony for a moment and then looked back at him, her tone perfectly placid as she whispered back, "Tony has several different glares for you. This one means he's worried about you. Probably because you aren't eating."
“I have to go,” Péter told them in a regretful rush, turning toward the line for his train once more, but before he could leave the girl’s father had clasped him by the elbow speaking to him in a hush and hurried jumble of German and the language they’d been taught in the HJ was for the Jews.
But of course not all of them could be. For some of them to be more, naturally some had to be less. Not all of them would become officers in the Führer's private army upon graduation. Some of them like Péter would prove too weak or too undisciplined for the army, and they would be sent out into the world for labor work. Somebody had to haul the bricks and polish the shoes after all. But everyone knew there wasn't real honor in it.
“Torture wastes time, recourses, and it has failed before,” he rebutted and the agent’s lips curled in a snarl, his eyes going hot with hatred as he stared into Tony.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t talking to you. I’ll be fine.” Steve grunted in answer and laid down before Tony could ask him who he
“Vati, please. Don’t hurt yourself.”
“A baby, or stupid, or too young to know things. We know.” Natacha cut him off churlishly and Tony sighed. Yes, organizing space in the loft was the first order of business, if only because he was sure that if all seven of the Rogers children were forced to occupy the same room any longer there would inevitably be bloodshed.
But with the Maximoff (or perhaps it was truly Lehnsherr) twins gone why had Farkas felt the need to break his silence in order to warn Tony about their true identity? Thoughts of the cryptic message had plagued Tony over dinner and into the night, keeping him from sleep.
Steve didn’t want to disappoint them – they’d been disappointed by so much already – but he shuddered at the thought of his children playing on the ice when he wasn’t at full strength. What if the ice broke and he wasn’t able to get to them in time?
Steve bit into his arm, trying to muffle the sobs that wrenched through him. His face contorting, lungs seizing in protest as they took him. Years and years of loss and he had soldiered on but this, this empty room was more than he could bare.
But sometimes it was razor sharp too. So sharp that he’d be out for his morning run and he swore he could hear the grass shifting, the flapping of birds like thunder in his ears, his mind alert for the tiniest sound or change. Sometimes that was all the warning you had before the enemy was at your back.
“What?” His voice was grating even to his own ears.
At Baroness Shrader's instruction the housekeeper had led them upstairs to the Major's room. She'd opened the door and Dvorak knew instantly that he’d made a gross miscalculation. Rogers was every bit as sick as had been reported.
He noticed the smell first, the unmistakable stench that came with sweat and
He was just being stupid, he told himself, but another more insistent voice kept whispering that something was wrong.
Steve had been as open as he dared in expressing his desires. And while he was certain that Stark returned them; desire was all well and good but the man's feelings were harder to discern. He was not such a fool to think that he could wander down this particular avenue with his children's tutor without achieving some balance between the two. The children needed Tony and Steve would never be so selfish as to jeopardize their well being over a thing like lust.
“Did they really arrest the Klein’s?” Natacha asked, sounding subdued and on the couch beside her, Frau Hogan paused her sewing, eyes falling sympathetically on Cameron’s back before she answered.
Tony’s heart leaped into his throat with fright as a horn blared outside. Before he knew what was happening Stefen had stepped in front of him, pushing him backward with one unyielding hand against his chest, the other already drawing his pistol.
“I bought a record.” Stefen admitted gruffly, eyes lowering to examine some dusty memory. “The sailor had to go to war and leave behind the people he loved… I don’t need to be as fluent in Italian as you to understand that.”
Several afternoons later found Tony and the children down by the lake trudging through the tall summer grass in search of bugs. Following morning lessons and lunch Tony had made good on his promise to Artur to teach them all about the local bug life. Following his lecture on the habits and patterns of such winged creatures as honeybees, butterflies, and moths, Tony had wrangled his motley crew once more into their play clothes, handed each a handcrafted net, allowed Artur to keep track of their glass jar for collection, and marched them out to the grounds to make an afternoon of it.
"Telling Harry we were leaving was really stupid Péter," she announced just when he’d relaxed. Péter clenched up, but unexpectedly she spoke again before he could. "But it wasn’t as stupid as nearly killing your own father."
(Italian) Where you go, I will go too, and where you build your house, I will make my home.
They load their weekend bags into the back of Tony’s least ostentatious car, a blue hatchback he bought a few years ago when Morgan grew out of her car seat, and before the sun’s even up Tony’s going seventy-five in fifty-five up the Taconic Parkway, the road rolling under the car tires and the hills rolling up in the distance.
Tony whines, he had no plans to be empty for this morning dalliance, but Steve slides two fingers into him, takes his cock in his mouth, and works his husband until he’s crying as he comes.
No one bothers them, they’re not recognized or no one cares. Most of the people in the town seem to be older, and Steve’s learned that usually, older people will leave an Avenger alone unless they want to yell at you.
Tony wakes him up again sometime early in the a.m. and Steve has a good internal clock, but he’s sleep-brained. He barely registers Tony at first but for the mouth on his bare shoulder, the hand playing at the side of his ribs where Steve us ticklish or turned-on depending on the situation.
He can feel where Tony is smiling into his neck. “She’d like the hiking trails, not that we went on any. We can take her in the summer. Catch bullfrogs in the ponds.”
“Perfect,” Steve confirms. “We’ll come back. Bring Morgan maybe?”
Tony reaches down to pinch at a nipple and Steve stutters in their rhythm, already frayed on frantic. Tony tells him he loves him, and Steve comes with Tony’s bottom lip between his teeth.
“But I have to finish this,” he says.
And so Steve fucks Tony nice and slow before bed to celebrate, and they fall asleep content, warm, their lingering departure delayed just-so.
So he makes them veggie omelets, hash and fried onions, turkey sausage links. There are some apple honey muffins in a large basket of pastries on the counter, with a note from a local orchard promising locally grown and sourced products. He puts them on the tray of food with some butter, two glasses of orange juice, and a bowl of melon and blueberries, and carefully walks up the flight of stairs to the bedroom.
“Nope,” Tony says, popped on the “p”. He stacks up Steve’s papers, without a care for what they are or where they should fit. He’s got circles under his eyes, he’s paler than he should be, and Steve would bet that he hasn’t had a drink of water in the past 48 hours.
“Hey, I’m all for it,” Steve says, flipping the folder closed. He gives it back to Tony and spreads his hands out at the mess of papers he’d been staring glaze-eyed at for hours now.
Before he’s even recovered from the aftershocks, he’s moving Tony over, his back to the bed, and pulls out.
They’re supposed to leave Sunday night, but Pepper calls Tony around dinner time so he can see Morgan, and tells him point-blank once she sees how much better he looks to keep themselves up there for a day longer.
He reaches under the deed and finds a photograph. A white house, on a mountain, and behind it long stretches of trees in a valley.
He and Tony spend their afternoon under the shade of an old drooping tree in the town’s main park, where the tree is perched over a couple of lichen-spotted benches by a fish pond.
To this day, what Tony Stark does to him is a revelation, and he thinks it could kill many men. The fire in the gut, the lust creeping through him like some slow loving illness, he’ll die here with Tony who’s desperate and panting on top of him while the sun plays dawn with the caps of the Catskills.
He comes strutting over when he catches Steve looking, and throws his arms around Steve’s shoulder in dramatics for a kiss, of which Steve happily indulges.
“Driven through them,” Steve says. “Never stayed. They looked pretty enough when I passed through.”
Black spots filled his vision, threatening to pull him under. Steve looked down at the table, the grains of wood standing out in relief against his dirty fingers. He curled them into fists, clenching so hard his knuckles turned white and he broke the skin. He stared at the fresh trickle of blood with no emotion, and no concern. There finally wasn’t any pain. There was nothing left.
The captain had only left to go downstairs to sit with the landlord, Hans, and a few other men from the apartment unit at the door when it sounded like one of the HJ-Patrols was getting closer.
"Jews! Clear out. This line is for Germans. Clear out!"
Tony’s fingers slipped on a key and he winced, refocusing briefly on his playing. He could still feel the woman’s eyes on him and fought the urge to look again.
“Right.” Stefen nodded briskly, turning slightly toward the plump shopkeeper’s wife. “Mary, it was very good to see you again. Give my best to Friedrich.”
“Dangerous profession.”
Natacha had explained in a low whisper as they'd gathered around her in the music room that night, Péter playing the piano to drown out the sound of their voices. Artur had shivered with fear, because they all knew what happened to bad Germans.
“No. You stop.” Tony insisted. There was a quiet confidence taking hold of him and he wondered if this was how Yinsen had felt, that day in the wood when he’d told Tony to run. Certain and calm even in the face of what might kill him. Too full for the sort of fear that debilitated, that allows the people you love to stay in harms way.
Péter watched in amazement as slowly she dragged his finger through the dirt and etched the symbol of an oval with a dot in the center.
“Our country’s waters stand between Germany and the Atlantic.” Thor stated gravely, seemingly for the benefit of hearing the words said aloud.
there. And since he was where Steve was not, Bucky used his time antagonizing and playing hide-and-seek with the SS who came through the area, leaving signs of vagrancy at a few local farms, and even once letting a woman who was setting her table catch a glimpse of him sneaking into her barn.
“I’ve heard worse come out of your mouth. You know I loved Peggy, and god knows she scrubbed you up nice, but you never used to apologize for being born in a barn.”
“Were you able to get more film when you were in town?” Tony asked instead. Péter had been complaining about wanting to do that since he’d run out of film a few days prior. It was a safe enough opening and maybe once he got talking, Péter would open up about whatever had happened.
He couldn’t sleep at night, and when he turned on the actual radio it was only to hear the sounds of Austria’s inevitable march toward war (even as they blithely denied the war going on within). Daily the immigration office was packed to overflowing and yet the window of escape was getting smaller and smaller as other countries restricted the number of refugees they would accept by lower and lower numbers.
“How are your studies? Are you up to date with the state curriculum?” Frauline Werner asked taking a delicate sip from her tea cup.
“Tony?” Maria’s small voice whispered in his ear, the little girl leaning back in his arms to look up at him with hopeful brown eyes. “Does Vati get to come home now?”
Steve saw the flash of relief in Tony's eyes, betraying the mask of confidence he wore and gritted his teeth.
“Is that why you went to him for help? Told him what your father had planned?”
Tony cradled his smarting knuckles as the butler fell backward, crumbling to the floor with a muffled howl, his head dropping into his hands. Tony wanted to hit him again. The bastard hadn’t got near enough what he deserved.
The Reich would
“This is a free day. Go, play. Be as loud as you wish, do what you like, just don’t kill anyone.”
“Children, children
******
“How are the children?” He asked, unable to hold the question in a moment longer, eyes darting about as if he expected to find them nearby. A foolish thought. At this hour they’d still be at lesson.
Stefen watched him the entire time, his eyes blank but for the reflection of the fires glow. Tony thought there was something appropriate about that. He appreciated anything that made it easier to tell when the man he loved was present and when he was not. Right now, the captain was all that was holding Stefen up.
"Why would Herr Stark still be with us?" Charlotte pressed, and there was something in her tone that Steve did not like.
He shook his head against the nagging that kept buzzing at the back of his skull. What did it matter if he wasn't privy to Fischer’s orders. The man was acting on orders from men higher than Dvorak and that was that. Nothing he could do. Nothing he wanted to do for that matter.  Rogers was a thorn, and a fool, and Dvorak made a point never to be either where the Reich was concerned. He didn't have a death wish, unlike his insufferable comrade.
“What do you have to be ashamed of?”
“That you will Major.” Striker agreed with a cold smile. “I myself was nearly wasted tending to children. But we do what we must, don’t we.”
“There you go sparrow.” Willamina appeared beside him with a mug of warmed cider and Ian accepted it gratefully with a smile. The tangy flavor washed over his tongue as the scents of cinnamon and nutmeg tickled his nose. Willamina’s cider had always been his favorite but it was especially good with her spiced rum. When his Ma had been alive she used to let him sit on her lap and sip from her cup, but now he was big enough to have a cup of his own.
“Shut up,” a soldier grunted, kicking Steve’s leg with his boot. It folded beneath him and Steve tipped with a cry, the only thing preventing him from crumbling to the ground the restraints shackled to a bar above his head.  His weight pulling on his wrists, straining his ribs, was excruciating enough to bring dancing spots in front of his eyes and a rush of dizziness, and then not for the first time Steve lost consciousness.
Fat bulbous torpedoes that might be intimidating to gawk at but were disproportionate in weight and burdened by bulky battery packs. Everywhere he looked he saw the marks of lazy uninspired engineering and it made his fingers curl, resisting the urge to start pulling out his hair.
“Tony? When you went to the abbey… were you scared?” he finally asked in a small low voice, looking back toward his tutor. Tony got that look on his face like he wanted to pull him into a hug but Peter was glad he didn’t with Bobby and Harry watching.
“I thought you might be hungry.” Ian insisted in a placating tone that let Tony know he was being indulged. Hungry or not, Ian Rogers had decided on his course and he wasn’t going anywhere until Tony ate.
The problem was news traveled too slowly. And as sharing information only got riskier and they lost informants to arrests and untimely deaths, finding anyone who wasn’t leaving a paper trail was nearly impossible.
There had been no choice, no help for it, but it had been a mistake. It was a mistake; Steve was going to suffocate. The walls creaked and groaned around him, pressing closer, the heavy stench of shit and mold too full in his nose, thick in his mouth like he was choking on balled up socks.
“James needs an example” he said gently this time, as he stepped behind the boy and wrapped his hands around Ian's, moving much smaller fingers over the body of the weapon. “I’ll help you.”
He let his eyes fall shut, listening to the sound of rustling pages and letting the acrid smell of the glue fill his nostrils.
He should have, Tony thought to himself as he sipped his coffee thinking again of Natacha, remembering the way she’d stared at him that afternoon like a spider watching a fly caught in its web. If he were really as smart as he claimed to be he should heed the warning and leave this place, try his luck on his own. Nobody would blame him for running. He didn’t owe this family anything.
In certainly more ways than one. The wetness in Tony’s briefs had turned cold and uncomfortable, and though he doubted Stefen was fairing much better, he knew it was the drop from the overwhelming emotional stimulation responsible for Stefen’s state.
After the incident James woke the next morning clear eyed if subdued. He seemed embarrassed by the previous days ordeal and reluctant to look anyone in the eye, but his siblings took their cue from Tony and were dogged in their efforts to go on as if nothing had changed between them at all, any and all slights forgiven and forgotten.
"Captain..." Tony began, but he found once he had started he did not quite know how to finish. Stefen turned to him expectantly and Tony found himself distracted by the gold of his hair as it caught the sunrise. He caught a quick breath and shook his head at himself.
, too violent – but he couldn’t stop it. When he looked directly into Steve’s eyes and answered, Steve saw fear in Péter’s eyes.
This is the KNIGHT at the INN, reaching out to our friends at the CASTLE letting them know that Auntie is in our prayers. Nephew will get the flowers. What is Wendy’s schedule?
“I don’t believe it.” Willimina spat, “Ollie is a good man. His poor wife must be devastated.”
Steve stepped forward, “Whatever you've discussed with Reiner about my children, I am their father and I've s-
“Maria, bambina, they’ll have books in Vienna you know.” Tony had admonished, easing her load by taking half the tower in her arms. She beamed up at him gratefully.
“Maria had a surprise for you. She helped me tend the bed of enzian I planted a few years ago. I'm just afraid they won't keep until your return. We never know how long you’ll be gone.”
It wasn't going to be as easy as all that and they both knew it, but Bucky had years of practice telling the women in his life that he'd be back and all would be well as he left them behind him.  His mother. Rochel. Laura.
He'd not yet opened his eyes, not trusting himself.
“Yes.” Tony answered in monotone and Stanislov nodded slowly, musing aloud.
“In my night stand. The white box.”
~*~*~*~
Bakhuizen was going because he was providing a band and a singer but there was no reason for Tony to expect to be attending, so early that evening after baths had been had and freshly ironed clothing was donned, when Maria asked him if he’d be going he had no reason to expect that the answer should be anything but “not this time patatina, but I’ll be waiting up to hear all about it.”
“I checked at the station. He’s not been arrested. Perhaps he’s made it home by now?” Grig suggested when he and Steve met up again in front of the bank.
“I should go.” He stated simply instead, and without waiting for dismissal he turned and did just that.
“Is that...did you put ham and fruit in your muesli?”
Ian worried his lower lip with his teeth, only stopping with a wince when he tasted blood.
There were footsteps approaching outside the door, and he'd been expecting it he realized when he heard a quiet knock on the outside and Stefen's voice coming through the door.
Steve watched the door swing shut, heard the lock slide into place and swallowed back the return of the lump in his throat. Brave woman.
Grimacing Tony moved his gaze down to the rug beside the bed where Natacha and Péter slept, pressed close together for warmth. And then finally, he looked over to the fireplace, where the fire had reduced to embers while they slept. Tony could see every breath he took and hear Maria's chattering teeth.
“What do you think I am then?” She asked in return, and Tony hummed in careful thought.
“Fuck- Ian is a child. Damn it let - Stop this! And stop putting unnecessary weight on his shoulders!” Tony panted, bucking and twisting until he’d finally gained enough leverage to jab his elbow against the larger man’s temple. He grinned viciously as Stefen grunted a curse and his grip on Tony’s lower body slackened. Tony slid to the floor and nearly toppled over again, but managed to catch himself on the wall of the narrow hallway.
"If I could have everyone's attention” Lt. Stevens announced to the room perfunctorily, because everyone including Péter was watching him as silent as the grave, " I am happy to report that you have been cleared of suspicion. But of course, that leaves the issue of what is to become of you now..." As the officer trailed off awkwardly Frauline Werner stepped forward with that phony sympathetic smile of hers still in place as she looked them over, tutting.
“He got better eventually but there was a war on and everybody’s still starving. So your father says ‘let’s go to and find my father.’ The uncles are mad. They say we don’t need help from a gaje but they’re wrong; so we go and I can see it in the eyes of our mother’s, how they’re wondering if they’ll ever see us again.
“It was silly to do that James. You could have been hurt.”
A familiar sort of longing panged in his chest, the way he suspected it always would when he thought of his late wife, but the feeling was not as sharp or as suffocating as it had once been.
They’d spent a few months trying to find recruiting officers dumb enough to believe they were past the age of eighteen or desperate enough to pretend that they did. And by then Austria had been desperate. Steve was sure that the only reason it had taken them as long as it had to be accepted was because of how desperately young (not to mention skinny) Steve had looked at thirteen. But the war had changed them all. People were starving, especially in Galicia where people had been starving long before the war had even begun. They were too hungry even to fear the Russian’s guns.
Everywhere he turned there were people rushing through the streets, screaming in fear and even more screaming in anger. He could hardly tell who was attacking and who was running away from the attack in the chaos.
"It's no good. They'll follow on foot, and they'll have dogs." She finally seemed to decide. "I heard the men talking about how they will split us up and send us to families who will groom us to be good Germans."
Tony nodded and the Captain plowed on, as if reciting from a handbook.
When Bucky made no indication he was going to move it Steve pushed the tray further still. It was then that he noticed there were three envelopes tucked neatly together against the coffee pot, narrowly missing falling into the food.
“So he asked his mother to borrow 100 coins so that he could purchase a lamb. He would raise it, breed it and one day become as great a shepherd as his father. At first his mother did not like this idea, she did not wish to go into debt, but the boy pleaded and pleaded until finally she relented and borrowed the money they needed.
This is Freddie at the CASTLE. We are standing by.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Stefen finally asked, his voice a desperate rasping sound that echoed up the empty stairwell. A stupid question with an obvious answer, what with the distance between them, that Tony didn’t dignify with an answer.
Schmidt’s lips had curled into a wolfish grin as he’d murmured a quiet agreement.
Tony was bored to tears within the first hour. By the end of second day he was ready to hit himself over the skull with something heavy.
“It’s only a few days Tony.  Have you been to Berlin? Don’t you want to see what the city has to offer?” Stefen cajoled, his tone filled with something much softer than Tony had heard before. Lazy and thick like the slide of honey on buttered toast. “I’ll take you wherever you like. You’ll have access to anything you want. I'll make sure of it.”
“Finding trouble.” She winked at him and when his face flushed hot once more she rolled her shoulders and leaned forward, like she was about to whisper something intimately into his ear. “You were easy. There’s a show going on but you were looking at the stars, wanting to be anywhere but where you are.”
Strengthened, Steve looked out at the crowd once more and it was a marvel of its own, how they all seemed to decide at once to put their voices behind them, their voices carrying the words to every corner of the room. One last flare of light in the darkness.
“Nobody cares about me.”
“You’re not Jews, are you?” Daniel asked suddenly and they all stiffened, but the older boy sounded inquisitive rather than accusatory. He nodded to Sara, sitting on Péter’s lap, eyes fixed on the blond curls peeking out from under her cap. “It’s alright. Not all of us are. Nolan’s parents are communists.” Daniel jerked his head toward another boy at the end of the bench. James couldn’t tell what color his hair was under his cap but he had soft brown eyes, and he was the only one in the booth not wearing a bright yellow star.
“Hello?” he called out when they’d reached the darkened hallway. “Hello, where is everyone?”
Steve took hold of Tony’s hands again, grasping them by the wrists and placing them down by his sides firmly but gently. He removed Tony’s jacket and tie as quickly as his thick clumsy fingers allowed, and undid the buttons on his shirt. He let the articles of clothing fall to the floor at their feet without so much as a glance. Tony did turn his head to look at the pile they made, his mouth twisting in a small smirk.
Tony’s face went white, surprise making him unable to hide either his shock or the painful blow the words landed.
Since it was too risky for Tony to leave the abbey until the heat had died down some and they could be certain the abbey was not being watched, he and Bruce had been stuck there waiting it out.
“While I do this, you talk,” he urged.
The first day he’d been awake enough to wash himself she had watched him, shaking and shivering in his nakedness underneath his blankets. She had stared at him for a long time, all wariness and trepidation bleeding away until her expression was blank. She’d left without a word as she usually did, only to come back a few minutes late and toss a pair of trousers at him.
Natacha nodded numbly, the words sinking inside her with a chill. Bucky took her hand and changed the way she was holding the blade, moving each finger into position and squeezing his hand around hers encouragingly when he was satisfied, muttering softer but with no less conviction.
There was no sight like the sight of Baroness Schrader carrying waste pans with her sleeves rolled up to her elbows and her hair falling out of a bun, but the woman just kept a polite smile firmly fixed and arched those dainty blond brows of hers whenever she caught Tony staring.
“You said he hit you?” Steve asked quickly, hoping to distract. It seemed to work as the man began to nod and answered readily.
The skin beneath his palm where Stefen still held Tony’s wrist seemed to burn as Tony reached with his free hand to cradle Stefen’s forearm in a silent summons. Slowly, clouded blue eyes refocused on him, darkening as the seconds passed with unmistakable desire.
he kept telling himself, clutching the coins laying over his heart, trying to obey the silent command and stop the damn thing from hammering out of his chest. It would all be alright. He’d think of something to say, something to do, something to fix it. If he could just breathe. Breathe.
“Yeah, you’ll leave me to my fate. Believe me, I didn’t forget.”
"Herr Stark, you'll accompany me to my study and we shall speak privately."
"Are you alright?"
The headlights from the town car flickered as Harold eased his way out of the garage. From the window Tony could see the way the light flared and then faded as it spilled across the wall of Stefen’s bedroom. A hazy glow, casting tall wavering shadows that reminded him of when he was small and he liked to watch the way the shadows danced after his Nonno lit his candle set.
Farkas steepled his fingers together, observing Tony stoically for a moment as if he were looking under his skin, before he decided to answer.
His son looked at him, his expression black, his gaze holding Steve's for the first time that evening.
Steve opened his mouth to say that it would. It would because he’d make it very clear to the children what would happen if they disobeyed him again. Strong command kept soldiers alive. An unflinching system of consequence and punishment cultivated lifesaving obedience. He knew that, but he also knew strategy. He needed Tony and couldn’t lose him. Tony loved a man that didn’t exist anymore, but that didn’t have to mean he was gone completely. Steve could adapt his behaviors. Within reason. He couldn’t make that man’s mistakes and watch his family pay the price again, but perhaps a little would be enough to keep Tony happy.
“You look angry Antony.” Coulson pointed out and Tony glared at him.
Oh well, Tony huffed as he continued to push his hard won spoils across the cobbled street with considerable strain on his muscles. There was nothing to do about it now. Father Niklas would be furious; but Tony couldn’t remember a time when Niklas hadn’t been furious with him for one thing or another. Why change things now?
He made his way to the back until he was facing the row of smaller buildings directly behind the hall. There was less damage back here, as only a few of the buildings were owned by Jews. It felt safer somehow to call out.
"It's time we were moving again. You fetch the girls." Deiter instructed the baroness, who thankfully nodded without argument and hastened to follow him as he strode in the direction the barman had indicated. His sense of dread deepened as they entered the hall, which was scarce of any of the children, and he knew even before he knocked harshly on the door to the men's toilet and called out for them that they would not answer. The older girl crammed into a single toilet with her two small sisters? Perhaps. Four growing boys was unlikely.
A small wry smile tilted Tony’s lips as he regarded the boy in the photo with his too earnest expression and spindly limbs gaining to grow. And grow they had. Rather nicely, if one had to speak objectively.
Pisliskurja - endearment. Comparable to darling
“What’s that, Tony?” the boy asked in a curious tone, pulling out the chair for Tony to sit, sure now that he had gotten his way.
Ian realized belatedly that a long low wounded sound was coming out of his mouth.
Even Steve wasn’t holed up in his room as Bucky would once have expected. Though, he wasn’t sure if that had more to do with the danger they were stepping in to or the cajoling of that mad little monk Bucky couldn’t know for sure.
“If they are loyal they’ll want the bastards weeded out and executed.” Göring  insisted with a growl.
Janneke laughed and Stark - still helping the girls with the impromptu choreography (that seemed in Bucky’s eye to be a series of shuffling steps, waving motions and switching positions) rolled his eyes at him.
Artry? That had been Peggy's pet name for him. No one had used it in years. Steve certainly hadn’t meant to. It had just slipped out.
Steve hummed in acknowledgment, looking back up him from where he was fishing idly in his pocket for their room key. Agreeing to a suicide mission or not Bucky wasn’t going to let Steve off the hook that easy.
“Stop this, both of you! Think of the children,” was enough to get them to stop screaming at one another at least, Virginia’s fierce glare reprimanding him into silence before she rounded in on Tony. “And you. Whatever you think you can help by going back to the abbey right now, just put it right out of your head. We need Harold here and you’d find trouble long before you got there on foot. You’re no help to anyone Tony, getting yourself maimed or worse.”
“Are you ready to go?” Stefen asked, appearing at Tony’s side with Artur’s book and a small wrapped parcel in hand and Tony wondered briefly at it. Another gift for the children perhaps, though it was too small to be a doll for Maria.
It didn’t seem right. He had to stop.
Tony had turned his attention back to his music, his back straight and fingers flying over the keys. Something must be bothering him, Steve thought. There was a way Tony had of coaxing the music out of the piano that perfectly illustrated his moods. Something in the way he could make the music sore and dip that always spoke louder than anything Tony might say.
[Smiling] Yes. Excellent idea.
This at least explained why Nik was watching the Captain so closely. Rogers was a powerful man with many connections. He could be a powerful ally.
“If Austria had any idea what I want to do to you right now, in the light of day, the public would probably die of shock Tony and I’m fine with that.”
“Right.” Though his voice betrayed none of his rage, when Captain Stefen Gavril Rogers turned on his heel and began marching down the hall there was no mistaking he was a man on the war path.
Tony blurted out the first thing that popped into his mind and watched as the first hint of real emotion cracked the cool expression that Bucky wore, surprise and palpable grief flashing through his eyes before he shut it away.
“Yes. We all must do as Tony says, but James was very silly today.” Natacha answered sparing the little girl a reassuring touch before she turned back to her task. “Now he knows better.”
"I thought you said we were safe here?" Tony's smile faded.
The rattle of dishes startled Steve out of his dark memories. He glanced up as Kurt placed a cup and saucer down in front of him.
"Incoming! We got some fellas on our tail and they not happy!"
Péter stood, shuffling his feet as his gut wriggled and burned, unsure of what to do. If it where his father he would turn and do what he was commanded, perhaps not speak to him for a day or two in punishment (as if his father had ever felt any real loss at not speaking to him) but with Herr Stark, things had been different.
"God knows, we wouldn't want anyone to think this was a house harboring rebellion." Tony stared poignantly at him, completely unflinching.
When the train pulled into station in Berlin Tony’s heart had taken up a distracting pace within his chest, each beat overly strong in his opinion, as if it were attempting to be heard over the many voices and the roar and squeal as the train came to a stop.
NARRATOR: The fate of enemy number one!
Steve wanted him closer. As close as he could get and that was so
A shadow loomed over him.
“Shhh,
“Is that so? How scandalous.” Susann was saying.
Tony turned at the sound of a loud scoff, to find James leaning forward in his chair, hands gripping his pencil in a death grip.
"A Robin Redbreast in a cage puts all heaven in a rage!"
Jann was glad they were safe, but they would need some time to come up with a plan help them. The war made it nearly impossible, and there were bigger problems stirring for the resistance. Something was going on with Thor. They knew about the map and they wanted to know if Steve still had it.
Warning for sexism, racism, homophobia... you know what. Just mind the tags, and forgive them all for their problematic selves.
Steve was far from the only boy to lie about his age in order to serve, or to give an impassioned speech for why they should stay. Bucky had lied just as much as Steve had and nobody even questioned him. But then again Bucky had been bigger, and older.
“I’m glad to see they fit well.”
“Don’t look back. Keep walking.” Natacha hissed out of the corner of her mouth. “You can’t act like anything is wrong.”
He would not put Harold's life in such danger as that. The sooner he got the incriminating letter out of the house the better. He could practically feel the stolen letter burning a hole in the ceiling floorboards.
Finally, Schmidt looked up, the same deplorable smile twisting his face.
party (PAGE)
He recognized the urge to grab him for what it is.
He’d thought about going to the kitchen, seeing what he could scrounge up. He’d stopped by Stefen’s room as part of habit, just needing to assure himself the man was alright, not as surprised as he could have been to find the bed empty.
“You’re wanted in the interrogation room Herr Stark. Go promptly.” Steven’s looked back at Tony with what was becoming a familiarly stern expression.
“I’m fifteen! Not a boy anymore.” Péter insisted, despite Tony’s attempt to derail the fight before it had a chance to begin.
He must face reality sooner or later. He could not stay in Austria, and he could not entertain the thought of staying with the Rogers family indefinitely. To do so was a madness bordering on the suicidal. What place had he there after all? The Nazi threat notwithstanding, the bitter truth was that Tony’s place in the household was contingent on the children. Children grew, and when they were grown what then? What reason would the captain have to keep him around, and how absurd was it to even hope that Stefen would concern himself with finding one.
Tony had gone still, his breath holding somewhere in his throat as the weight of the unspoken pressed down upon them all.
“That was a long time ago. I don't think I know this place anymore,” Sam finally said into the silence with a heavy sigh and Steve frowned, turning to counter him as outside the train station came into view down the block.
"I'm sorry. I thought I was protecting you by keeping you away from your people. I can't say I regret it either."
There was a sizeable crowd out and about in the town center. It was one of the few towns for miles with a rail stop and the afternoon train headed to the outer provinces was due to arrive on the hour. Even so, the main street wasn't nearly as Salzburg would have been at this hour. Their trail of cars parked outside a row of quaint shops and a cafe that released a sweet-smelling cloud every time the door was opened. Deiter accompanied the Baroness inside the cafe to procure the children a late lunch while the captain and the rest of the entourage waited in watch on the street.
“Some women just have no taste.” Pike cackled from the corner and Bucky gave him the finger as Parodi laughed.
Péter bit his lip but could not suppress the red flush of humiliation that colored his cheeks as Johann smiled viciously at him over the Bannführer's shoulder.
“Why do I have to carry Artur? Why can't I help carry the supplies with Ian and Péter? I'm old enough.” James whined from behind them, not yet tired of the argument they had started a half hour ago. “I'm just as big as Ian!” he added, hobbling to gain enough speed to pull himself and Artur. His younger brother bobbed back and forth from their unsteady gait. Tony winced, seeing them spread eagle on the road in his mind's eye.
“Good morning everyone. By your expression, Captain I can only assume we’ve been invaded by the Russians and must resign ourselves to allegiance with the Motherland.” Tony took a seat in his usual spot, all breezy chatter and cheeky grin as he asked, “Or is it Mussolini, reclaiming more of what the Hapsburgs took. Are we all to be Italians?”
“Herr Stark, you played masterfully.”
“Ah Captain. At last. We may begin to address this troubling letter I received from Miss Van Dyne.” Waving toward the many open seats in the comfortably appointed room he beseeched them. “Please be seated. You are among friends here.”
“Then they learn sleep is for the dead, Lieutenant. Simple as that.” Eyeing Becker up and down, her added, “You're not tired, are you? They could always use a demonstration of a rescue carry.”
Tony nodded.
He’d been sheltered in that way, and now there was a shallow thrill to having as many choices of news as he did. He'd already leafed through a copy of Der Stürmer that one of the maids had left in the staff quarters but the endless ramblings about ethnic Germans in Poland and their plight of persecution had inevitable bored him. He'd gone searching for more of the magazines but had found only the daily paper and the local HJ magazine that held the youth programs schedule for the week.
The words reverberated in time to the crunching of his footsteps. Salzburg’s streets were still covered in glass. Every step seemed to mock him.
“You agreed we had to play the Führer’s game. This is how we do it, by compromising. Why can’t you see that’s what must be done?”
“Well not for very long. Failure offends the Führer’s senses-” Göring cut in snidely. “I say –”
“Come on now, easy does it,” Bucky murmured as Tony extracted the needle and swabbed at the beading blood. Bucky’s face was on the peaky side as he eased up his hold on Stefen.
“None of us were sure when you’d be back, but she made me promise to give this to you.” The blond was saying, her eyes round and soft with sympathy as she looked at Péter, who was holding a wrinkled envelope in his hands, staring at it as if it were a summons to the gallows.
"I said you there!" The voice barked again and Péter looked up, a slightly manic feeling smile stretching his mouth as he looked up to find one of the policemen marching purposefully toward them, a scowl heavily set on his face.
"My father is insisting."
"He'd want us alive more." Natacha shot back, giving him a hard stare. The hand she laid on his leg was soft at first, but her fingers twisted up in the fabric of his trousers. Clinging. "Péter, there are worse things than saying the things that people want to hear."
The hands twisted that much harder, forcing his neck to bend back and back until Steve was sure it would snap.
Ona pressed herself against the fence and pointed needlessly as Magda approached the body slowly, clutching the hoe in knuckle white hands. He was a big man, and if he woke it would be a struggle to take him down. He could very well be escaped from Dachau. Hadn’t there been a prison break a few months back? They’d said all the escapees were caught, but maybe they had missed one.
There was still time.
“Don’t say that.” Tony snapped. Péter’s words sliced into him like knives, reminding him of a feeling he’d hoped never to revisit again – the agony of a child loved and lost – causing him to grab the younger man by the shoulders. Tony just barely stopped himself from shaking him. “Don’t
Steve stood there trembling, his heart beating wildly and lungs heaving, while Magda stared at her brother’s still form, her face drained of blood and expression. Without a word she bent down and touched a hand to his mouth. Her shoulders sagged with relief when she felt his breath ghosting over her fingertips.
“Stark!” Niklas exclaimed, exasperated but Tony refused to let up. This plan – no this idea of his – was simply preposterous.
Only, she couldn’t. Could she? There would be no more new babies and no more happy music because she- Tony would play music. Yes. Tony would play music. Da would tell them stories.
It was a funny thought to have in retrospect, because Tony had no idea as he sat on the terrace on a beautiful day watching his charges at play, just how little time they actually had. For at that moment Pepper came hurrying through the doors, her steps furtive but quick, and there was such an expression of gravity on her face that Tony felt his heart sink rapidly to his knees.
Steve’s mind was a terrible thing. His eyelids felt like they were made of heavy pebbles and opening them felt impossible. When he finally managed it, he was met with blurs of dull color and dim light. He blinked again his eyes stinging as they adjusted.
Steve watched him, unsure of how long they sat staring at one another. When he did speak the words felt like stones in his mouth.
“I thought you said this was urgent?” Kirk asked after Hedy had left once more and Bucky sneered at him. He gestured toward Kirk’s companion who was sitting at the bar, making no secret of watching them.
Natacha rolled her eyes, though there was fondness in her tone as she reprimanded him.
“A physics journal.” Tony grunted, blowing on a spoonful of soup. He’d been right, it was potato. “It’s rubbish though. They’ve completely omitted Einstein.”
Step by step, he reminded himself as he diligently plodded through each moment, on hyper alert, ready at a moment’s notice for anything. His family had dressed for dinner and made their way past the sobering honor guard, lined like emotionless black beetles on either side of the stairs leading into the great hall, to mingle with the other guest before dinner. It was a ritual Steve wanted no piece of and he had dawdled as long as Charlotte would allow it, which meant the hall was already full of party guests when they arrived.
Without opening his eyes, he waved a hand at them. Shooing them away like skittery butterflies.
Stanislov’s man had not wavered in his faithful dogging of Tony’s steps, making it impossible for Tony to return to his teaching post. The Rabbi had plenty of other work for him, which Tony undertook with a glad heart to keep Stanislov’s underling occupied. It was only by keeping up the appearance that they would be able to escape the net drawn around them now, and Tony knew he must appear to be falling into the trap that had been set for him.
Steve had met Peggy’s aunt May only once. She’d managed to make the trip after Péter was born, adamant that she be there for her niece when she knew Peggy’s mother would not be. But then again, May had understood Peggy better than her mother ever had, since she herself had traded the life of an affluent young woman for a love match with a poor Englishman.
His chest hurt as he swallowed. James hated the feeling, along with the burning in his eyes. He closed the curtains with a viscous shove.  Tony looked just like their father, James thought. He was going to die the same way too.
*~*~*
He smoothed back Ian’s bangs and Ian couldn’t help it. The tears that had been building since his father had told them he was leaving began to spill, hot and salty onto his cheeks. Da didn’t say anything, just wiped them away before holding Ian’s face in his hands and looking him in the eyes. Already Ian was beginning to feel better.
“Of Course not. We'd still be at home cooped up inside.” Péter reminded her duly.
Dvorak nodded, for there was only one right response to give.
As one of the senior foreman's out of the Munich work camp, he had access to equipment and vehicles, as well as the ability to falsify documents. The National Labor Service had grown flush now that the Reich was conscripting women as well as men to work cheaply wherever the work was needed. Healthy young men were being funneled into the army, and young women were beginning to take their places in the factory and aquaculture jobs.
“Anyhow,” he rushed on before Stefen could figure out what to say (Good. Good, good, good). “The war broke out and when Rhodey, the only friend I had, enlisted I got the crazy idea in my head that I was going to enlist too, win back Pola for the Italians and make my mother smile. Which is funny, because it would have broken her heart. What mother wants her child ground through the gears of war because he has some stupid point to prove to his father?
“Which is why I need you to reach Falsworth. I'm in no position to be passing out leaflets.” And if he were honest he wouldn't if he could. Austria could not rely on the O5 alone. They needed a plan of attack. Civil unrest wouldn’t be enough anymore. “If we, if I do this, I do this all the way. There is no middle ground, you know that.”
“Stark,” The captain’s voice was a low murmur, perfectly German and a clear sign to keep it moving.
But Steve had already turned to the window again, the Mayors word’s playing like a record track over and over again in his mind. The ambassador was dead. Fighting was breaking out. Vienna. Graz. Berlin.
“What can I do for you Cap?” Thankfully Tony’s voice betrayed none of his anxiety. Instead Stefen looked like he was the one standing on egg shells.
Bucky snapped out his lighter and took a long drag of this second cigarette. Steve was still, silent and brooding but that was a better sign than not. Bucky could only hope. Any moment his prala would see sense and relent. Any, fucking moment and not a moment too soon.
Tony nodded, relief washing through him and rose from his seat, confident that the captain had received his message and the warning in it.
Tony moved forward as if to comfort him, his eyes full of concern but Ian couldn't take them. He took a deep gulping breath but it just burned in his throat and didn't stop the sensation of boiling water under his skin.
It was a few long pregnant moments before Bucky spoke again. “The cabin belongs to an old comrade of ours. Philips should have provisions for the winter there but you’ll have to ration. If you run out, there is game in the woods, but only leave the cabin as a last resort. The nearest neighbors are miles below you. It’ll be tempting to let your guard down.” His tone was a little gentler but it grew hard again as his eyes bored into Tony’s and he warned, “Don’t.”
Charlotte was not excluded from that, but the captain had suffered bouts of madness before and come back from them. Surely, he would again? Perhaps, James would come back soon (he always did) and he’d drag Stefen out of his room and make him smile again with his crass jokes.
The laundry maids usually didn’t get up till later in the morning but Hammer and Julia came along around six thirty or so to start the day bright and early.
"Yes. Captain." Tony answered meaningfully. "I worry for their futures."
“I’ll go,” Péter volunteered once he and Tony had compiled a complete list and Tony frowned shaking his head in firm denial. The trek down the mountain to the nearest farm would be dangerous, and no telling what sort of trouble he’d meet when he got there.
Ian was everything Péter wasn't and that Artur was expected to grow into. Healthy, strong, Aaryn looking, intelligent, and a natural born leader. He was what people said the Nazis were when they were painted as brave noble figures in the literature they read and genteel commanding husbands on television (instead of showing them beating old men and skinny boys into the ground just because they could).
"Bruce knew there was a risk he'd never be allowed to leave when he agreed to the assignment. And those brothers, they are in prison because they stood against the police when they wanted to violate the law of sanctuary to get at a family of gypsies. If they were here, I don’t think they’d be too afraid to take the risk."
True to form, Tony snagged the back of his collar to prevent him running off and when James turned around, he was standing there sticking a spoonful of smelly syrup under James nose. He wrinkled it and made a face but opened his mouth obediently and let Tony pop the spoon inside. Yuck. It was bitter and sticky and horrible, but James did not want his cough to come back and miss out on finishing the sled, so he forced it down.
And still, like the hardy little candles he used to light in the choir room at the abbey, there was a flame burning within his chest, a desperate voice within Tony that insisted Stefen was exactly his kind. That the two of them could make some sort of pair and he was wrong to think so poorly of him now.
“Don't think he took to kindly to that idea” Steve tried, all the while thinking that it used to be so much easier talking to Péter. How was it so easy for Tony?
Tony made them stop to eat the sandwiches that Willamina had packed first and Steve’s growling stomach was grateful.
He must do better he decided. They all deserved better.
Péter snatched the tray from its place on his dresser and tried not to rip the handle off his door when he reached it.
“You’re right, Ian. Your Baka taught me that, and her courage always gave me courage. I realize… that it was easy before to stand up to the bullies, or the fear of death, because I wasn’t really afraid of any of those things. Not really.” Steve swallowed past the tightness in his throat. “But I was afraid of losing your Baka, and I behaved badly because of it. And I’m sorry.”
“But it’s Christmas.” Sara insisted suddenly as if the idea had just struck her. “You can’t be sick on Christmas.”
Though he wondered which of Charlotte’s maids it might have been. Natacha, carefully watching his face, finally smiled, but it caught at the edges and slipped away almost as quickly as it had appeared.
The irritation that flared up in his chest caught him by surprise.
He leaned toward her and she turned her head when his movement caught her eye.
Tony nodded along as she spoke, mind at work trying to figure out a way to fix this. To save them all. Stefen could be an imposing bastard when he wanted to be. Tony was confident he could buy them a bit of time at least.
“Bullshit.” Bucky shook her. “Someone cared for him.”
Bucky didn't look the slightest bit uncomfortable or sorry to suddenly be the focus of Tony's attention as he ranted. The man’s mouth just tilted upward in a half sort of smirk as he crossed his arms and shrugged.
“Why am I not absolutely shocked by that?” Steve retorted with a frustrated sigh at the revelation. Tony had cost the man his job which meant Vonkov was carrying a grudge that had carried better and braver men off to war. Exactly what they needed.
“I didn't ring.” He said dismissing Herr Hammer with a wave of his hand. “I was looking for Herr Wiess.”
The second day went much like the first, and the children were just as adored by the new crowd as they had been by the one before it. That night much like the first, the family did not leave the fairgrounds until late in the evening long after Tony's stamina had begun to lag. The smell of cooked sausages and beer had begun to irritate his senses and he wished he could trade places with Artur who, upon being led to the table a few paces off from where his father was surrounded by admirers, had promptly dozed off with his head propped upon one arm.
“Who hasn’t? You can’t work a ship that isn’t Stark made. Though it’s just not been the same since the old man died. He had the touch.”
He’d been so
But the minute Tony came stumbling through the doors and drew their attention Harry dropped Péter’s arms and stepped back, his face flushed with what Tony recognized as anger.
They’d bargained not just their lives but the children’s, and he wasn’t sure if either one of them would take it back. Why pretend otherwise?
Steve glared at her. She lowered her gaze but stood her ground.
Steve strained his ears to listen as boots walked alongside the truck and knuckles pounded smartly on the driver’s side.
The prospect of freedom gave Steve strength. Adrenaline surging through him Steve lunged, but Dvorak seemed to expect it. He stepped back, bringing up his rifle and prodding it sharply against Steve’s chest in warning and Steve froze.
Artur was like a puppy, quick emotions and easily forgiven slights, but he was still a child, still a little boy who’d not had a father for quite a while. Even though Tony knew it wasn’t true, it was as if the children had completely forgotten the man from this morning. The distant man who couldn’t be bothered to pay them any mind let alone notice when they were hurting.
“Tony’s right.” Péter was quick to add, a gleam of excitement in his eye betraying his eagerness to show off all that he had learned while away at school. “Having a large chest, rib cage, neck, helps produce a deeper more powerful sound. Just like an instrument!”
Ian’s insides were doing funny things again. He swallowed.
Tony stood there, too shocked to do anything else. Bucky jerked as if someone had jabbed him with a fork, his expression stricken. He snapped something sharply in the gypsy tongue and Stefen pulled away, but his eyes stayed locked with Tony’s for a moment that seemed to linger for a lifetime in Tony’s mind.
“You never met your grandfather and I’ll tell you something, It’s a good thing.” He began after a moment, choosing his words with care. “Smooth talking
"What does she mean?" His eyes flew to Pietro who shrugged, the other boy grumbling lowly.
“The only way to end a war is to fight it.” Stefen murmured. Though his gaze was still lost somewhere beyond the harbor, a shiver crawled over Tony’s skin because the way Stefen spoke was heavy with meaning. Tony heard the warning in it like the peeling of bells. War was upon them and where did a soldier go, but to the battlefield?
“You’ve shown no one else?” he asked, pulling his eyes away from the journal, and Tony rolled his own again at the question.
"You're a woman." he fumbled. God, why couldn’t he speak? Was he ten again? He’d never been any damn good at talking to women and holding true to form he stumbled on, "I mean, I know you're a woman."
Sam smiled at him.
Péter felt his new tutor’s eyes on his back as he got up and quickly departed from the table. Herr Stark’s watchful gaze reminded him a bit of Frauline Glass, whose furtive eyes had seemed never to miss a moment, unless of course they were too busy simpering at Péter’s father to notice much of anything. Women could be awefully silly when it came to that sort of thing. It was one of the reasons why Natacha always said that if it weren’t for Frau Hogan she’d be terrified of growing up.
Steve was the one who suggested that they drink together. Bucky had been surly from the moment that Steve had returned to the house to find him, and the long hours of poring over notes, maps, and letters, strategizing, had only left them both in a constant state of edginess.
“We couldn't have done any of it without you,” Steve replied, forcing his mouth into a smile. If he weren’t broken, he’d be smiling at Tony just like this, holding back the desire to touch him, to marvel at the
“Leave it,” Willamina insisted, clucking her tongue as she grabbed Natacha by the shoulders, pulling her firmly to her feet despite her dogged resistance. “No lamb, just leave it. Hortense get the broom.”
Bucky's fingers stilled on the table top, raised and curled like a finger to a trigger, his face pale.
He did not answer her and for Natacha it was answer enough. He had not needed to ask her which grandmother. For some reason, that made Natacha furious again and it was easy to look at him even though she was ashamed of crying.
WORD KEY:
“So, the boy did and they flew across mountains and valleys, until they reached a place where a large fire was visible on the horizon. The dragon shared with the boy that his parents could be found at the large fire. The boy was to go to them and tell them that he knew where their long lost son was. But whatever they did and however they threatened him, he must not tell them where to find their son until the father dragon relinquished the magic stone he kept under his tongue.”
He was right, as soon as James and Artur heard the news of another boy and girl in residence they rushed to clean up the broken wash stand and change into their dinner attire. Tony went to go check on Maria and Sara, the remaining two in his group of expert brick layers, and was gratified to see that they'd managed to get themselves scrubbed fresh and that Natacha was helping dry and brush their hair.
While father disappeared with Tony to some place private (some place they were not quite invited) Ian and his siblings stood in the now empty room, shooting each other with worried looks as the grownups quickly went about their business.
"Then trust this promise." Stefen squeezed his hands hard as if he thought Tony might try and pull away again. "Trust that no matter what happens I'll take care of you and the children. We'll go to Switzerland and start again together. You, me and the children."
"Don't lie." The little boy said, mater of fact.
"Stefen they'll kill you!" Tony barked his throat raw around the words. He gripped the hands Stefen had on him desperately, until his fingers were white where they dug into Stefen’s skin.
Why was he walking around like a man condemned, and why was he holding bridal coins when he was so damn unclean he’d not even thought twice before subjecting Bucky to his dirt?
Bucky had found him that morning already neck deep in intel. He only knew Stefen had made it to bed at all the night before because he’d ushered him there himself. He wasn’t surprised by it. They left for Vienna the next day, and there was still a lot to put together before then.
He flashed back to that day outside the music room, it seemed so long ago now, when Tony had admitted to idolizing those old war stories about him. He'd said he'd sobered up, kept going despite the horror he'd lived through because Steve had given him courage. Tony wasn't a boy anymore but Péter still was...
But here they were, sending Himmler's very best rushing to the man's bedside to beat back his imminent demise, when command had sent Dvorak there with clear instructions to escort him back to base to resume active duty. Clearly not everyone was operating on the same page.
The boy didn’t say a word, just holding on as if Tony were the last fixture on earth. But then again, Tony thought as his hand’s smoothed the blond hair sticking up atop his head, maybe they’d said it all.
James looked at the bowl of oats Tony had set in front of him with a dark scowl.
Steve had not even thought about them, not bothering to frequent the garden much over the past few years. Had Maria remembered or had Sam planted the idea in her head? It was anyone's guess.
With Steve leaning close to make his selection Scott quickly relayed the information Steve had come seeking under his breath.
His heart was thudding loudly in his chest when they were noticed.
“Did you leave your post?!”
Natacha was still fuming from her team’s loss. Steve could tell, though she kept her expression neutral enough as she insisted to the girls cloistered around her that she had purposefully allowed her brother to win because it was his birthday.
“They’ve written letters calling out for aide.”
“As fine crystal, Sir.”
Steve bit back his retort and took a breath. He had to remind himself that Stark was not a soldier who followed orders, who understood nuance and delicacy. He was an impetus monk who very well might have been raised on the side of the road. Steve had firsthand knowledge of what that looked like and Stark was not far off from the gregarious nomads he'd spent the beginnings of his life with.
and find the solution he was sure had to be out there. Every sickness had a cause and therefore could be treated. They just had to discover the cause and then Tony could devote time to developing a way to combat it.
It was simple thanks, but nothing about the look in Stefen’s eyes was simple. The whole world was in his gaze and Tony felt something shift within himself that he didn’t dare name.
If they all failed her and she felt forced to make a choice between what was right and those she loved, then more the shame on them for feeding their children to wolves.
“Be quiet, and come quick.”
Our original plan was to post mini fics about what the kids get up to once we finished. Like we did for Tony's childhood. I'm debating it, but let me know as we go along if that's something that would interest you.
He knew Tony loved the children. It couldn’t be the only reason that Tony was here in his music room arguing instead of saying his goodbyes. Tony hadn’t agreed to go to Berlin for the children! But he wouldn’t budge. He was in Steve’s face now, lashing him with a tired lecture.
“And now, here to sing for you the songs of childhood, it’s with the greatest pride that I introduce to you the most precious treasure I have to offer. The Rogers Family Singers.”
He didn't wait for Stefen’s answer, rage snapping through him like sparks out of a broken wire.
A hint of a blush dusted her pretty face and she sipped her drink again, lips parted around the thin glass as she kept her gaze on the crowd. “Now, really, you can say all the pretty things you like but next time there's a waltz, Captain, I expect results.”
“You’re really not,” Tony snapped, finally lifted his head. It felt like he was lifting bricks. “Sit down.”
Tony chuckled along with him a strange sort of possessiveness curling in his stomach. No one else got to hear these pieces of Stefen’s life. Bucky didn't count, he’d grown up in the caravan. It was perhaps a childish thing to covet, but this was a part of Stefen that he gave no one else and Tony counted these moments as if they were gold. Memory was a powerful force to be reckoned with.
“Go on, show them how it’s done.” He prompted and the corner of her mouth pulled up into the smallest of smiles as she moved her body into position, spreading her arms out gracefully as a swan about to take flight.
Artur opened his mouth but only a squeak came out, his face falling into a frown of contemplation as he lowered the shoe.  Yes, they would need food. Artur especially liked to eat. Not that it mattered anymore. Tony had found them and that meant he would leave.
“I see,” Bruce murmured in reply.
Tony nodded jerkily and she rose, quietly folding the letter into a cream colored envelope and scribbling an address on the front in her delicate handwriting. She crossed the room in a cloud of soft perfume to hand it to him and Tony took it wordlessly.
, and he’d left the captain to stand on his own in order to avenge the lives of strangers
“How long have you been fucking Stark?”
Her arrangement with Stefen was primarily one of convenience. They were of a similar age, a certain familiarity, and most importantly of like goals. She was a woman of progress and strong convictions who wanted to do more with her life than churn babies into the world, and he was a man of action whose moral compass pointed true north. He was not easily manipulated, brow beaten or puzzled out, which in itself could keep a woman on her toes.
Captain Adventure. But why on earth would Stefen be drawing for some trashy dime magazine? It didn’t make- Oh.
He exhaled, wincing as his ribs throbbed and he gingerly rolled till he was sitting up, rubbing his face with one hand.
"They're gone Captain!" he shouted as he burst through the doors, meeting Captain Arnold and the rest of the men as they crossed the street to answer the sound of the raised alarm.
“Kaiserwald. The wood is on the north end of the city, about an hour's walk from here.” He cast a disapproving stare over Steve’s shoulder at the boys. Steve impatiently started walking, trusting that Tony would catch up. But a voice coming toward them in the gathering dark stopped him in his tracks.
“Well he let you leave.” Pavlok pointed out, and then quoted from memory as he tapped the edge of the document, drawing Tony’s eyes to the relevant clause. “Should Antony Stark choose to end his pilgrimage at St. Péter’s Abbey after first reaching twenty-one years of age, a third of the funds are to be gifted to the Abbey and the rest given to Antony Stark.”
“With us are my brother Loki, and members of our parliament Volstag, Hogun, and Fandral.” Thorson waved to the four men behind them. The one he’d indicated as his brother was the only one not to smile as he greeted them. He and Thorson were as different as it was possible for two people to be. Prince Loki was nearly as tall as his brother but as slender as Thorson was broad, and so pale as to almost be sallow.  And where Thorson exuded warmth and good cheer, Loki’s expression was so aloof it bordered on disdainful.
He kept one hand clenching Tony’s shirt even as the rest of him went limp, meekly accepting his sister’s and brother’s hands rubbing the warm water into his skin.
“We should go while we still have the cover of dark,” Steve instructed. He caught Pietro’s eye and inclined his head stiffly toward the door. The boy grabbed his sisters hand but didn’t move and Stefen’s heart tugged when Tony laid gentle hands on their backs and pushed them forward and followed Steve and Bucky as they made their way out toward where Harold waited with the car.
Morning came too slowly for Steve. The anxious fear of being found out at any moment by the French authorities, combined with the discomfort of being crammed into a small space with so many other bodies, practically sleeping on top of one another, ensured that he didn’t sleep at all that night. It reminded him too closely of the barracks at the camp. If he allowed his mind to relax even the slightest, he would lose track of where he was and the panic would begin again.
“Why not, because I’m a girl? You know Péter despite what they teach us in eugenics class girls can be interested in science too.” she drawled and Péter winced. Way to stick his foot in his mouth.
Which, if he were honest, he wanted to. There was a small flame burning in his gut that demanded vengeance for the man’s betrayal, for Tony’s dear mother and yes, even for his father, who had deserved a lot of things but not the way he’d died.
Across from him, Charlotte sipped her tea. The china clinked, scraping against the silver, grating on Steve's nerves. She’d been quieter than usual, and near silent since their soup had been delivered. In her defense, Steve wasn’t making himself good company and it was not easy carrying a conversation entirely by yourself.
“You’re not going to Dachau. Tony, I can’t-”
“Ah, I see. He’s not still mad about that comment my father made is he?” Harry asked, like he knew the answer already but wanted Péter to know how ludicrous he thought it was. Péter gritted his teeth and Harry smirked, reaching in his pocket for a lighter and a beaten packet of smokes. “Your father is a stubborn man, Péter.”
“Clearly. I heard you didn’t wait for me and got yourself hitched.”
The loft space appeared to have been used primarily for the butchering of game and storage. It was dark and smelled heavily of the salted hirsch Phillips kept stacked in a large crate lined with cheesecloth (the staple of their diet) but with better organization, there was room for a few small beds and even some room to play. He could build them and the children could help. They had Tony’s tools and they were surrounded by plenty of wood.
"So, that’s it? You'll let them slaughter you like the gypsy pig they think you are."
Maria gasped and clapped her hands together with excitement.
“Can I share a secret with you?” Tony leaned down and cupped a hand against his mouth to faux whisper. Sara nodded eagerly and he continued. “I grew up in a big house, just like this one. Bigger maybe.”
“Tony.” Stefen’s hand touched his again, pleading once more. Tony pinched the bridge of his nose, breathing sharply through his nostrils, teeth clenched and eyes shut as he tried to silence the warring voices thundering through his skull.
“Thievery.” Vonkov snarled.
A better man maybe wouldn’t have wanted it at all, but Steve only held back because behind that fire in Tony’s eyes he saw hurt and the words kept ringing in his ears.
Stefen’s Grandda Ian had taught him too, though many people had wondered why, even sneered at the idea. No respectable Roma girl would have him. Poor Stevie had a greater chance of sprouting wings than to find a Roma girl, and no gadje girl would want to live their way. No one wanted a didikai for a son in law. Wasn’t that the truth of it? Wasn’t that why his prala had put on this gadje skin and buried his past – so that Margrit’s family would accept the marriage, and the children wouldn’t know what every good gypsy knew? Rejection was the bread that filled their bellies.
Erhard slid a leather-bound folder across the desk toward Tony and Tony stared at it for a moment, trepidation filling him like the thing might be a snake coiled in the grass. But they were all waiting, all watching, so he had no choice but to open it and examine the documents inside.
The doctor scowled, jerking his head sharply. Tony followed the direction but almost missed Bruce, who was wearing one of the white lab coats instead of the robes Tony had seen him in every day for the greater part of two decades. Otherwise he was the same, a frumpy looking man of middle age whose hairline had begun to grey, and whose soft brown eyes were always young and sharp with intelligence.
Steve drew a measured breath and tried to unclench his jaw, frustration, fear, and anger warring within him.
“Good evening, Frau Boehringer. Did you make it here all right?” Steve rose to take the large pot she was trying to maneuver around the men who were already collecting around the table like hungry dogs and she smiled gratefully.
Father never liked to be bothered with any of Péter’s questions or wanted to help him with experiments the way that Tony did. Sometimes he even got the feeling that his father was embarrassed by him. No one wanted a skinny weakling for a son who would rather be learning about gravity than learning to throw a punch.
“Who do you think my orders came from?” Carol shot back with an apologetic grimace. “Big Brother is the one calling the shots here, I’m just a taxi. Odinburg authorized the mining if it makes you feel any better. It’s get in and get out, and they don’t expect much trouble.”
“What is it lieutenant?”
"Tony… Tony please." Stefen made a desperate sound, and Tony shivered as Stefen’s hands grabbed at his hips, grinding their bodies together until the pleasure was almost too much. Tony’s breath stuttered, coming in great heaving pants as he fought back the urge to spill in his pants like some untried boy. Stefen's eyes lowered, and Tony was struck by the way he looked, mouth bruised red and pupils blown wide as Tony drove him toward completion. Suddenly, he couldn’t wait a second longer without having him the way he’d dreamed of having him since Berlin.
The normally cheerful cook’s face had taken on a thinness over the weeks and Tony had grown used to the way the maids skittered about like frightened mice, whispering in corners. In truth, it seemed that a fearful tension had settled over the entire country as it held its breath.
But Niklas wasn’t impressed by his dismissive tone and didn’t let him get far out of his seat before he went on the attack.
“You said
Relief flooded through Tony and he squeezed Péter gently, finally releasing him.
But he knew he’d catch it by the ear for it later if Pepper found out, which she would of course, because he'd learned from past experience it was better all-around not to sleep with the maids. At least not the ones in your own house. Too much tears and fuss when they inevitably fell in love with you or got jealous of each other.
“Something familiar about his face is all” he replied, and fear crept up through Ian’s belly like trickles of ice.
Four days a week Tony taught music, French and English. It was difficult at times to look at their young faces and to know the difficult road they had ahead as strangers in a foreign land; but speaking even a little of the native tongue could only help. That made Tony’s efforts worth any amount of discomfort.
They had a chain of sentries stationed on the road starting a few miles out to give them advanced warning and sure enough, that flash of red waving between the branches was their signal.
Where had the Rogers’ boys been, when the finest youths the Reich had produced were all here? Why weren't they attending the school that would hone them into warriors for the S.S? He’d asked the other other officers in the pavilion what they thought on the matter with a cutting grin and all their eyes had turned to him: curious, disapproving, and too suspicious for Steve’s comfort.
Bucky arched his eyebrows incredulously, and looked to Tony, his expression disbelieving. Tony shrugged explaining, “He traveled with a circus before he came to the abbey.”
And now that the moment had come he couldn’t bring himself to voice the question he'd come to ask. Steve stumbled over his words.
Bitterly, Charlotte thought that she might have forgiven him, here at the end of it all, she might have loved him still, sick or no, had he sought any comfort in her and committed himself to a marriage with her based on mutual affection. It would have been right. It would have been noble of him to do it. She would never have spoken a word of his affliction to anyone, and would have admired his strength and courage all the more for his silent suffering.
“A shame that can’t be avoided.”
It took Steve’s sluggish brain a moment after Artur had clamped on to his middle to realize that he was really hearing the word come out of Artur’s mouth.
“Did you have fun with your friends?” Tony asked him, and Péter shrugged his shoulders without replying. He continued to toy with the camera in his hands and the silence grew heavier. Something must have gone wrong with Harry, Tony thought, but Péter’s unusually stony silence did not inspire confidence he was ready or willing to talk about it.
“My head hurts a bit, you know how grumpy that makes me.” He teased Sara, flicking Herr Bears nose. “As grumpy as a bear.”
“They put everyone on a truck and took them to the festival hall. They’re being held there.” Stefen filled in. Cameron nodded shakily.
His hand hung still in the air as if it was disconnected from his body.
“Father can I get these?” little hands tugged on his jacket and Steve looked down, blanching at the sight of the navy blue short shorts that Artur was extending his way. He had the matching sailor top that went with it in his right hand, and there was even a floppy little cap pinned to the hangar. Steve hummed, buying time while trying to think up a nice way of saying he’d rather his son didn’t look like they had more money than good sense and too much of it to waste.
James whipped his head around, blue eyes wide and for a moment Ian thought it was because he knew. He knew and hadn't cared that he’d broken Ian’s favorite book, but Tony was staring at him in shock as well and Tony couldn’t possibly know.
“Grab a book for me before you go?” he murmured, and Tony hummed a reply but didn't move.
“Frauline Van Dyne, it is always pleasure.” He kissed her hand with aplomb and smiled at her gratefully as Ursala slowly withdrew, a put-upon scowl darkening her features. “Though it’s a shame we’ve not properly been introduced before this.”
He was grinning as Stefen asked, “They’re reading Shakespeare?”
Bastard.
“Keep an eye on James, make sure he doesn’t try and wander off,” he warned as she handed him his weapon. He instructed Ian to keep a close eye on the perimeter and to watch for any signs of strangers approaching the cabin. Tony and Péter would do what they could to draw any suspicious eyes away from the area, but the lookout was the last line of defense for those left behind should anyone slip past them.
“Stefen, dear. General Schmidt has sent a specialist to see to you.”
Artur nodded, his fingers fiddling idly with Steve's shirt collar.
"The loss of the Great War was the greatest betrayal of government that our people has ever known." Neuman said with the kind of heavy-laden heart Tony had heard countless times from ex-soldiers, and the men who had been there in the trenches fighting for their country the way they'd been taught to believe they should. "Politicians don't understand war, though they love to make it. They'll never know what it's like to lose your soul to the trench and mud, only to be abandoned on the front line."
His father, sitting across from his mother at the table, sun streaming through the window and glinting off his mother’s favorite crystal cups. The smell of brandy already clinging to his father’s jacket. The sharp scent softened by the smell of his mother’s perfume. Gigli.
“Get rid of these.” Stefen commanded shortly, eyes holding Hammer’s like darts to a board and the man just stood there, pale and stunned. Stefen didn’t wait for the man to collect his wits, turning sharply on his heel and marching toward the kitchen on a mission.
There were bodies in the street, Stefen realized, spotting the motionless lumps between the legs of the runners. Men. Women.
They sang of battles won and loves found amongst the eildwess, of mountains and field and pride in their homes, of starry night skies and promises of loves that would last forever.
And Bucky saw Rochal, his nieces, Natacha, her sisters, and he thought with a stab of agony, they were all just girls.
“No, but they are the only people I care about!” Dvořák said with all the certainty in his body. Rogers knew, Dvořák had made no secret of it. He was here because if he wasn’t, he couldn’t guarantee their safety. If it came down to a choice between his girls and Rogers’ or the rest of their squad or the whole damn world. Dvořák knew what side he was on.
It was too dark in the automobile to tell for sure but Steve thought Charlotte looked amused before she turned her hand and tangled their fingers together.
“Indeed,” Rogers drawled slowly, something rough and not at all genteel twanging through the syllables as he tipped his hat at Tony.
On October the 28
“Good.” Coulson said, a wealth of meaning in the utterance as he rose from his chair. Tony had the unsettling impression that the man had read his mind. “I’m taking a new assignment, so regrettably the party is the last time we’ll see each other. I don’t imagine we’ll get a chance to talk on the day so I’ll say my goodbyes now.”
Stefen was very agreeable to that, so they’d washed and dressed (after a bit of kissing, because one did not simply sit themselves in a lover’s lap without causing a little delay) and then they’d set off to procure Tony’s much needed supplies and explore all that Berlin held in terms of department stores, which turned out to be a lot.
"Of course not. This is our home. We're not going anywhere," Péter assured him, laying a hand on his shoulder. Ian looked up from the mirror, where he was combing his hair into place and gave Péter a very searching look.
~*~*~*~*~
“ – and a paid
The men in the medical ward begged for death. Maybe Steve did too, the moments he was still man enough to beg.
Oh no. oh no. Oh no.
Steve was sure he was going to break something in his jaw. He would not be made to look a fool at his own table. Blue eyes met brown and Steve took a long sip of his drink. He refused to be a child about this.
“Perhaps not.” Tony allowed, his tone so unaffected Steve wanted to growl at him. He just clenched his jaw and moved past the monk, intent on fetching the bedding and putting things back to rights; but Tony caught his arm and held tight even when Steve tried to shake him off.
Peter’s mouth clicked closed but he didn’t say a word. Steve didn’t think he looked surprised, just scared. As scared as he should be.
“Stefen?” Tony’s voice sounded weak and desperate with hope.
He dislodged Charlotte's arm and strode off, Charlotte calling his name behind him, towards where he had last seen her with Artur. She was so small and slight, so shy and quiet. Anyone could have taken her, pulled her away when Artur wasn’t paying attention. Anyone could -
“So it wasn’t the money?" He asked. "Then what was it then? What made you think I’d let you stay here when I found out you were handpicked to spy on me?!”
Péter followed their tutor, unsure of what to do now that they were home. The journey back had been miserably quiet. The girls had sniffled the whole way but Herr Stark hadn’t said a word to them that wasn’t barking at Ian and James to keep up.
He looked up again, this time with the intent to order Stark into the water with Artur, when Bucky groaned.
After explaining everything to him Anamarie, who was known in the group as Rogue, had asked him what skills he had that might be of use, and like a perfect idiot Péter had stuttered that he was the best climber he knew, and that he could climb the side of a house with a jar of spiders in his hand.
Bucky'd had Steve’s back from the first day they’d met. Sara and her odd little family had settled outside a new town, joining up with a small caravan of Bayesh, thankful at not being turned away when they could not fail to note her husband was
At present, the memory of Stefen Gavril Rogers was enough to spark revolutions. But how does a man’s memory survive if his own children revile him?”
When the captain was gone (and when wasn’t he gone?) Péter was the man of the house but Ian volunteered to have his back.
“I think sandwiches would be best.”
Tony had started taking apart the generator he’d gotten from the mill and at some point he must have finally passed out down there because when he was rudely awoken by the sharp sting of stones peppering his skull, it was to find that he’d missed breakfast as well as morning prayers.
The man was dead weight as Steve moved him. The child he’d been shielding turned her head slightly to blink up at the new presence. Her face was unfamiliar and older then he’d thought on first glance.
The older boy was telling James some story about how his elder brother had once seen a man who could juggle knives and breathe fire at Oktoberfest, and wasn't James a lucky little toad to get to go. The younger boy seemed to think so, swelling up with so much smugness he truly did resemble a toad as he proclaimed he'd heard the Führer himself was going to be there this year.
“That’s what I thought too. If we go to war they’ll ship him out on his eighteenth birthday and he’ll get blown up somewhere. He’s just another dead boy too stupid to know it.”
“Da-” Péter began as Steve turned back around.
, he thought, scratching at the irritated skin absently. It was fitting somehow.
“She wants to learn French, Like Tacha, please!”
A light came through the bars suddenly and Steve looked up. It flickered, bouncing off the opposite wall, his only view. Being chained up this way was all part of the torture.
Ian stood outside the fence and considered it for a long moment, pondering what to do next.
She nodded her head frantically, her small hands scrabbling and pulling desperately on the arm Bucky pressed against her throat.
Which evidently Bethany McCabe had no problem doing as she gave him a very stern, frankly Pepperish look and drawled, “Certainly not humble.”
Harrison smirked. Brave for such a little girl, but then again, she’d have to be if she’d wound up working with Vis. Harrison liked the look of her but Bucky on the other hand looked like he wanted to dump the poor thing out the window. Vis cleared his throat and shifted until he was leaning slightly between the two of them.
"I suppose you’re extra lucky then." Cameron replied, grinning fondly at James as he continued to quickly pack his things, conveniently distracting him from the fact that Ian was scowling darkly at them both from the corner.
“That’s what they wanted to talk to me about.” Tony explained. The anger had disappeared, replaced by pride and a beautiful tremulous sort of hope that left Steve floundering.
The mood in the room sobered once more, heavy with the weight of the task set before them. This was an impossible mission. They all knew it when they signed up for it. They faced that risk every time they took up arms against the Reich, but this time the odds were stacked against them. Harrison looked around the room at the faces of the other men, some he’d worked with before, more he hadn’t, but all of them connected by the same man. For years, Stefen Rogers had been leading them into that brink. The first to lay down the fear of death and put himself in the line of fire for their lives. For their homes and their wives and their children's lives.
"A home somewhere else?"  Pietro cut him off, his dark head of hair whipping up as he glared furiously at Péter. The other boy leaned over and spat violently on the ground before he continued. "Is that what they’re calling the camps? Is that what you’d call a place where men and women are piled on top of each other like logs, where they are forced to work until they drop, the women are raped and young and old fester in their own shit until they die of disease? That sounds like a home to you Nazi boy?!"
"Richter and Leshnerr are in the medical wing. Deurr should be feeling the effects of his unfortunate food poisoning by now.” Wolfe murmured out of the side of his mouth when Tony had caught up to them.  “As soon as he arrives you need to go. You can’t waste time."
“Da! Please, I –”
Steve couldn't seem to focus, the children's chatter flitting over him as they cut through the water in their boats.
Péter could not explain it, but a foreboding prickle went down his spine as Wanda turned away from them both, and got to her feet, not bothering to brush the dirt off her skirts as she began to walk back towards the house.
“Now if I were a different sorta man, I’d knock you back for implying that we’d ever let a man like that escape in the first place,” Bucky growled just to see the man’s face drain of color. “But if there was truth to it, and I’m not saying there is, but if there was…? Well a man like that is dangerous and needs to be caught. The state would pay a pretty penny for any help in that regard, and if you heard anything that might help me find what they lost, I’d be in your debt. Understand?”
"Apologies, Herr doctor, but my orders are to provide the cardinal an audience with the chaplain. I was told he is here." Wolfe replied and the head doctor bristled up.
"It's alright Péter.” Artur seemed to decide as he said it. “I have a lot of toys I can still play with. It's sad that she had to leave all her toys at home.  I won't have to do that will I?" he asked, brow puckering fretfully as he looked up at Péter with worried blue eyes. Tony's heart sank.
Sijana forest, also known as the Kaiserwald.
He’d made himself at home riffling through the drawers for writing supplies and made a gauge attempt at relating to Farkas what tidbits he’d gathered on the Captain.
He clenched his teeth together and scrubbed harder at the pot, only looking up pepper laid a hand on his wrist. Tony stopped, but the rest of him continued to shake.
As he should! Tony thought with panic, eyes flying to where Natacha and James were huddled on the floor, both thankfully unharmed. He couldn’t say the same for the door to the cabin, which had several large holes in it. The gun fire had ripped through the ceiling and into the bottom and sides of the hull. Water was gushing in through at least four holes that Tony could see from his limited vantage.
It was an entire room full to the brim with art. Tony’s heart thudded, the closest he’d felt to feeling at home since he’d arrived. This would be useful. As Tony wandered further inside he wondered absently who the musician in the family was. He supposed with seven children, at least one of them had to play, even if, judging from the dust floating in the air, it was years ago. Even in this room, meant for company, everything was untouched, nearly abandoned feeling.
Stefen shrugged, grin fading slightly as Tony stepped closer. He heaved a tired sounding breath.
Drabarni – (romany) Often fills the roles of healer, fortune teller, and midwife. Called the clan wise woman. She carries and passes on knowledge of how plants and other natural forces can be used to combat the unclean (primarily in relation to illness and childbirth).  The Male equivalent would be “drabengro” which means medicine man.
Steve laughed, a bubble of happiness catching and bursting somewhere under his ribs. Unable to resist, he kissed the side of Tony’s mouth. Not enough. Not nearly enough, but it would have to do.
Which was what made it easy for Péter to make his way unquestioned. His uniform made him an authority.
“Mother used to give us warm baths when we were little.” Ian informed them, biting his lip worriedly. “It helps when your chest rattles.”
Anxiously eyeing Pietro's back as he and his sister left the room with the others, Péter couldn't think of an excuse fast enough to avoid the talk and Tony seemed to sense it.
At some point one of Tony’s hands had slid over Stefen’s collar bone to cradle his neck. Stefen stared deeply at Tony even though the monk had lowered his eyes. It was very hard, even after all these years, to talk about his past but he would just have to push past the discomfort. He owed it to Stefen to be no less willing to bare his own wounds than he was asking Stefen to be. That didn’t make this easy, but Stefen reaching up his hand to lay over his was promising as well as heartening.
“Susann, you know that if I had a better way I wouldn’t have come to you?”
Steve staggered into the shower room, tripping over the bare heels of the men in front of him. The naked press of bodies continued to close in around him and he made a b-line for the nearest bench, crowding around it with ten or so other men. With only twenty minutes allotted for bathing he got to it. Quick scrapes with the soap, then passing it along to the next person. There was hardly enough time to scrub his genitals, let alone feel any sort of cleanliness from the frenzied action. His incisions stung, lighting up his skin from head to toe.
He ran his fingers over the beads, fascinated by their deep red hue and the nearly maroon veins that ran through them like bloody veins. The coins were obviously very old with foreign writing on them, but they had been recently polished so that they glimmered. There was something familiar about them Tony thought the longer he stared. It took a moment more to sort through his memories to figure out just where and when he’d seen them before. In a little bag, locked up in the chest in Stefen’s study. The captain must have had them strung at great cost he realized with an uncomfortable twist in his stomach.
"Some prisoners get the idea that they can escape justice with a quick fall."  The firm and low voice of Warden Johannes drew Tony's raptured gaze away from the medical ward.
Bitcheno Pawdel – (romany) To be deported or sent across.
“Tony...” he heard a broken rasp, realized it came from his own throat when needles of pain shot up and down it. But Tony had the children and he’d keep them safe. Wouldn’t he? He wouldn’t stay would he?
Steve glanced up from his desk, his hand stilled in mid sentence over his letter.
“One: you bring Brother Banner with you when you leave and see that he makes it safely to Engelzell Abbey with the other brothers.”
Tony turned to Pike, making sure the admiral caught every last word as he warned, “You sure as hell aren’t about to block their access to iron, and if you don’t believe me now, you’re going to wish you had when your men are out there like sitting ducks, and you realize every ship in your fleet is outclassed.”
Stark tilted his head again and Bucky felt himself tense again. If he was going to push it there was going to be a problem. Bucky opened his mouth to put everyone out of their misery and end the conversation that never should have started, but the look on Steve’s face stopped him. He and Stark were staring at one another, and when Stark spoke next in quietly uttered Italian it couldn’t have been clearer that the rest of the table had disappeared for them.
He met up with Scott at the inn in Ingolstadt, a public enough place not to cause undue suspicion. Steve spotted Scotts dark head at the bar almost immediately, eyebrows raising at the sight of the crooked fedora he wore. He didn't approach him on the off chance that Schmidt had set someone to watch his movements at the Berghof.
“Quite.”
Ian, who stood on the bank quenching his toes and hugging his arms to his chest, watched as Tony struggled to hold onto the wriggling girl. He'd forgotten how much like bars of soap children were when wet.
“I know!” Tony cut him off, grabbing Péter’s arm and then Ian, who was closest, and tugging them in the direction of the truck. “Hurry. Get to the truck. The barrels. Cover yourselves. Right now! Go!”
“Did you know what she was doing?” Steve interjected, his eyes settling on his daughter who was still kneeling on the floor where she’d obviously landed after her climb. His tone warned Péter not to test him. He could hear how wrong it was – too
“No he isn’t.” Natacha refuted straitening in her own chair.
"I didn't say that," he went with in place of lying, because really there was enough of that going around already. "And while I'm happy to allow you to use my given name, I'm not sure your uncle would be as appreciative or that your father would approve."
“My apologies. I think I’m being called – ” Tony tried to excuse himself but she caught his arm, still chattering as if she couldn’t see how uncomfortable he was and hadn’t heard a word he said.
“You know how I love the opera Stefen. I’ve studied it in great detail.”
A rush of fondness filled Tony’s chest and quite without thinking he heard himself blurt.
“Because I like you!”
~*~*~*~
Tony had started packing the children's things with Pepper's help. They would only have room in the car for a few trunks with all of them packed in, and there was no telling how long they'd be holed up at the cabin until it was safe to move again.
“Go back upstairs.” Frau Hogan said quickly, turning the little girl from them and pushing her shoulder gently but firmly towards the stairs.
"Right" he sighed once more, taking a deep calming drag on his cigarette.
“Is that a fact?” Stefen pulled back to give him a look that said apples did not fall far from the tree.
Natacha took a bite of her bread. Frauline Werner had called the dish delightfully quaint when Frau Hogan had served them. Natacha loved liptauer.
Péter had nodded, and that was how their day had started.
He thought about kissing Tony enough and had never slipped like that before. He knew what he wanted and accepted that he couldn’t have it… but there was an insistent, deeply selfish, part of him that balked at the idea of giving up their budding friendship even at the risk of upsetting his plans.
The man had not been a monster… but his mistakes had been many and while he was no longer alive to either realize that or make recompense, Stefen very much was and that, Tony knew, was the reason behind why he’d changed.
“Did you really mean it?” Bucky asked, wandering toward the window. The curtains were open because even if he’d never articulate as much Steve had always liked to watch the sun rise.
“Stevie get up!”
“Not as often as I’d like since a certain monk came into my life.” Stefen sighed, but his shoulders had relaxed. He had obviously realized that Tony had decided to let the matter rest for the time being and was grateful. Even if he wasn’t foolish enough to consider it settled completely because Tony would never have fallen in love with a stupid man.
Tired of war? Life was war, Bucky ought to know that by now. Yes, Steve was tired (so tired he could barely think sometimes) but he was not yet so tired that he could turn his back on life.
“He was helping with the resistance effort… he’s gone now. Taken to the Gypsy internment camp.”
“I can.” Bucky spat.
They’d been sitting in the silence and dark for quite some time, just breathing and thinking about what they’d just done, so that when the radio crackled to life with a burst of unexpected static they both jumped in shock. Tony’s heart was thudding so loudly within his ears he barely caught the first few words of the transmission.
Steve doesn’t say anything, even if it's true that he should be. He’s been an Avenger for more than a decade and he still finds it hard to give up control on too many things. Tony is but one in a long list of people who give him grief about it.
He has a spare hysterical thought after with his mouth pillowed on Tony’s thighs, pressing open kisses to soft skin, that this old house is definitely not soundproof and they scared away the peaceful things in the woods Steve was so intent on painting.
It’s silly and truly redundant at this point, they’ve been married for more than a year. Steve has carried Tony over a dozen thresholds, held him, fucked him, caught him, and all those things in return, but his laugh is booming as he carries Tony yelping into the house.
He thinks that there are many pages in his sketchbook, and many more things he’d like to put to paint.
“Ever been to the Catskills?” Tony asks.
They don’t even speak, Tony’s hand is slick and so is his backside, and just the thought, the feeling, the visual, that his husband was so desperate he worked himself open in his sleep has Steve biting at Tony’s jawline. Sloppy, raw, and not at all elegant but what does he care? Tony’s got that slick hand on his cock and he’s lining himself up on Steve’s lap, and then
But as quickly as the rapid thoughts passed through his mind, Stefen had halted toe to toe with his son and the room had gone still with Tony frozen halfway out of his seat.
Tony murmurs his name, slowly moving from Steve’s mouth to his shoulder, down his spine.
She was imitating him. Already? Whether it was out of admiration or simple curiosity Steve wasn't sure but for some reason the thought didn’t sit well with him. It only served to drive home how easily impressionable children really were.
His breathing evened out and Steve became confident of his surroundings. He slumped, awareness leaching the strength from his limbs; leaving behind the kind of bone-weary exhaustion one got after spending a day at work. The urge to sleep pulled at him. It was a familiar friend. He felt tired all the time, and it was harder each time to get up. If not for the mission, Steve wasn’t sure he would.
Peter frowned.
As soon as the brass saw the potential for pictures of proud Hitler Youth posing with Major Rogers flooding the local papers they’d been all for letting the family return home for the week that Péter was home for break. Even here the family had to play their role.
Péter immediately frowned, finally tearing his eyes away from the half-constructed vessel long enough to pin Tony with a suspicious stare.
“Yes.” Tony jumped at the sound of Stefen’s voice, his heart hammering as he turned his head, eyes flying to look in Stefen’s direction only to find those too earnest eyes of his waiting. “Those boys in the story tortured the snake because it made them feel bigger. And there are people, even grown up ones, who will tell you that’s okay, but it’s not.”
“Franz, please.”
“Excuse me?”
Stefen's shoulder was pressed against his as they stood in the stairway. Seiger had gone upstairs so it was only them against whatever came through the front door. He was certain Stefen had placed himself on point, somewhat in front on purpose. Another day he’d look back on this and mayhap find it endearing.
"He's dying." she responded, and Péter frowned, skin beginning to crawl, because it didn't sound like the practical or even grim admonishment he might have expected; but strangely like a confession.
Tony had been left with the children and Bakhuizen who had seemed happy to mostly ignore him all night when he wasn’t sending him glares that could peel the skin off an onion. Their temporary housekeeper Mathilde seemed to be under the impression that Tony was a footman with a penchant for stealing the house silver because she was always about too, watching Tony with blatant suspicion and dislike when he wasn’t busy with some chore she’d come up with for him to do.
“You sure you don’t want to come home with me?” Ned offered, and Péter blinked, focusing on him again. “My mum would be thrilled. I’ve never brought a friend home.”
To their credit, the children didn’t linger to ask questions. Péter grabbed Maria and Ian grabbed Artur’s hand while Natacha ran with Sara. Tony turned back to the train, eyes desperately searching for James but found only an empty doorway. From below it was impossible to get a good view inside, so he had no idea what sort of trouble could be keeping them. It flashed through his mind, that if the police had boarded the train and apprehended them there was little Tony could do about it, and for the sake of the others he should get in the truck and go. But Tony couldn’t. His heart beating wildly in his chest Tony ran up to the back of the carriage and grasped the bottom of the platform to try and pull himself up.
“Hello, father.”
That was a fight for the morning though. All Bucky wanted to do was sink into his warm bed and sleep like the dead.  He got the boots off just a as Willamina thrust a warm mug under his nose and he grunted a thank you, taking a sip.
Ian nodded his agreement, the tension leaving his body like a breath of air as he reminded them all, “I’m not done yet.”
“He worries we might be spies sent from the government. Luzzato is telling him that I saved their lives.” Tony murmured quietly as if he had read Steve’s mind. “A bit of a stretch, but if it keeps us out of the rain.” He shrugged, wiping wet strands of hair out of his eyes. Steve didn’t think it was such a stretch. It was still strange, knowing how he wanted to kiss the blue off those lips but not being able to
“It’s not just you, it’s everyone. Things have changed here Captain.” The admiral sighed, for once looking the age the gray at his temples suggested. “New police is, those who originate from the Reich, territories allied with, or occupied by, are all to be classified as enemy aliens and interned until such a time as they are cleared by a State authorized tribunal.”
“Please, Father, please. Come swimming with me?” Just as quickly Artur decided to change tactics, pressing his little body into Steve's and wrapping his splindly arms around Stefen’s neck, familiar blue eyes pleading up at him.
The Führer was blaming the Jews for the riot and commending the boys in the HJ for their quick response. The best among the troops were going to be roped into the Streifendenst as a reward. Ian chanced a glance down the line until he spotted Harry Osborne, staring hard at the black armband that the older boy now wore as part of his uniform, declaring him a member of the HJ patrol force. The new official first step on the ladder of SS.
As Bucky left and closed the barn door behind himself, he saw a flash of something out of the corner of his eye. A pale face and wide eyes. Bucky was moving before he’d even registered it, surging around the corner of the barn in pursuit of the fleeing figure.  He snatched at it, her, and came up with a handful of her scarf. The girl on the other end of it grunted in pain and tumbled to the ground. Bucky was quick to grab her, hauling her to her feet and slamming her up against the side of the house. She opened her mouth to scream and Bucky clamped a hand over her mouth.
Tony made a disgusted expression and pulled Stefen’s hand away from his face.
“You’re up? Good.”
Tony was finding it harder to breathe under Stefen’s stare, his heart quickening in his chest under the weight of what that necklace meant to him and the absurdity of him wanting to give something so priceless to Tony of all people.
The children would...they’d be...he had to trust that Tony would take care of them. Had to. Steve pinched again, begging the pain to clear his mind. Focus him.
He lay there, his heart thundering, eyes squeezed closed until it finally sank in that he’d stopped moving and that he was alive. Tony would probably have yelled something about how he nearly fell off the side of a mountain but well, he hadn’t.
The one good thing about Captain Rogers living in the countryside was that the train wasn’t very crowded when Tony boarded that Sunday. There were just a few other people sitting down for coffee when Tony made his way to the dining cart. A pair of men in business suits at one table and an old woman with a small dog in her lap at another. She was speaking animatedly to the young fellow sitting opposite her, who might have been her grandson if one judge by the similar shape of their faces, but either way the poor boy didn’t appear to be very invested in the conversation.
Mueller was not a neighbor but Steve knew plenty of him. He’d been a policeman in the city for years, an early Nazi supporter long before anyone could even dream of Germany annexing their country. He was SS now, and very proud of that fact.  But Steve hadn’t known he was married, let alone that he had a teenaged son.
“Do you have a grandmother?” he asked Tony after a long moment and a picture of Nonna’s face as he’d last seen it leaped into Tony’s head, hazy with the recollection of age.
Rogers was not fooled by either the innocence in his expression or guilelessness in his tone, Tony could tell and he felt a thrill of satisfaction go through him. It was a small victory but it was his and he was pleased the captain knew it. As the man unclenched his teeth just long enough to bite out the reply, “You may call me Captain” the corner of Tony Stark's mouth lifted in a little grin.
Steve was grateful that Péter had someone learned he could go to without having to depend on the disappointing efforts of an old soldier like him; he wished sometimes that it was him Péter still ran to with his questions and his little inventions but there was no practical use in harboring such petty jealousy. Tony was better suited and Steve wouldn't willingly take away the boy's newfound confidence, but Tony's interference – and it was nothing short of that – in their lives had come with consequences.
The door in the front hall rattled and both men froze. Tony’s heart hammered in his chest, ears straining for sound, his eyes watching Stefen as he did the same.
“Well, some people say it is important to listen to the wisdom of our mothers and learn from the follies of our fathers. It sounds like good advise so lets not question it.”
“I don’t like guns.”
?” Gypsy girl. She knew that because Baka used to call her that too. Natacha closed her eyes and savored the sound of the old pet name for a moment, letting it ground her. If she could choose, would she just be that and forget everything else. She didn’t know.
“I see he found you. He’s been waiting for you for hours, haven't you?” Tony said with a fond smile as he looked over his shoulder at Steve and Artur. Steve’s breath caught a little in his throat. Artur, for his part, laid his head on Steve's shoulder and nodded.
“Is this a game to you?” Rogers got in his face to snarl. “I do not give a
“Just reminding this piece of trash to watch his mouth. There are ladies present.” Tony answered, flexing his fingers to work out the numbness in his hand. Trust Hammer to have a hard head.
There used to be a time when he could recognize every look she gave him.
“And it is such a good heart, Stefen. You give everything to them and all they do is beat you down and whittle you away until-"
“Her Stark-”
Tony swallowed thickly finding the packing part easy and the picking up and going part much more difficult than he’d anticipated. His fingers tightened around the handle of his luggage but his feet stayed firmly planted in the middle of the workshop as if time would simply stop with him as long as he didn’t initiate further movement. He was frozen with indecision despite the fact that the decision had already been made. The time to go had come and past and he was more than capable of going out into the world and proving to it and himself that he had something to contribute. He would
you watch your own ass. Hear me?”
He didn’t know what Tony wanted him to say. He shouldn’t be explaining this to his tutor, Tony should be helping him explain things! Tony should be the one saying something to make this all better, to make that horrible need that Péter felt to find a table to hide under go away. He wasn’t a child anymore. He could take it!
“That song you’re humming, it’s from the opera, isn’t it?”
“Are you all-”
“People, Major?” Striker interjected, asking the question quietly, dangerously, his face blank. No one spoke.
“No, it isn’t.” Tony broke the silence but not the tension between them. He made a subtle movement that placed himself between the two of them, while still primarily keeping himself at Steve’s side. “For someone so naturally graceful, you’ve become remarkably clumsy lately Natacha. Should we have a doctor around to look at you?”
“You did what?” He demanded, and the bite in his tone was so strong it took everything she had not to flinch.
There was nothing untoward going on, but her body language seemed tense to him, and where he was standing there was no polite way for her to exist unless the boy moved first.
His Da paused to think, mulling his words over.
Péter shot her a scathing look and shrugged out from beneath her hands.
Hitler had made it more dangerous to be different but people didn’t change. They kept on, even if they had to do it with their heads down and an eye on their shadow.
Indeed, Natacha was the first to step into the room, guiding Ian along with her and Péter followed with Sara.
“Well then we’ll have to make the time. Won’t we?” he announced, to the cheers of all except Maria who looked extremely worried by this.
Bed. They needed a bed. But Stefen tasted faintly of mint and something deeper, something so Stefen, and Tony groaned, sliding his tongue against Stefen’s and chasing after his taste. He wanted more of it desperately but sharper was the ache for touch, and Tony’s shaking hands stroked franticly over the long column of Stefen’s throat, down the back of his neck and over the breadth of his shoulders to catch on the straps of his suspenders.
“He’s…strict, yes Péter. But there are worse things a father could be.”
"Ian can be the next Lion of Austria. " He muttered viciously under his breath, "He can be a murdering coward."
"We must go. I arranged for some prisoners to access a weapons case. They have staged a coupe to buy you time.” Wolfe informed them quickly in a low voice.
Somebody had hit him with a pipe?! Steve thought with a jolt, his mind flashed to the pipe Tony had swung at his head when he’d broken through the door.
"Not initially," Stefen reminded him, clearing his throat of the suspicious lump that had lodged there. "But if it carries on longer than a week or two... I'll speak to Herr Stark about it."
“The tea was working before. We could make it stronger?” Péter suggested and Tony nodded.
Actually running into Shmidt put a damper on that feeling however. It had almost felt like a relief the few times he was was called out to attend a rally or a demonstration in the city. While it made him sorely cross to don his new uniform with the bold swastika on the breast, the boots still felt right on his feet and he was still more at home with the men than he felt anywhere else.
Steve closed his eyes against the memory and brought the cup to his lips, taking a long sip.
“It wasn’t all bad. I knew there were others out there who would embrace who I was and I sought them out. I had my day in the sun believe me.”
Steve shook his head, pressing his lips together. " I can't stay long. I just...I felt I should ask you this in person."
“Just a stupid argument. It’s nothing to worry about.”
“I’ll make a fortune for both of us, selling yours.” Stefen mumbled sleepily, turning over in the bed to be able to look at Tony through heavy lidded eyes.
It was quiet for a moment while Stefen appeared lost in the past and Tony mused on the boys they had been, and the grandfather with the skills to make instruments. There were so many pieces to Stefen, so many unanswered questions still, and it still might be his undoing, but Tony couldn’t help but want answers to them all.
