It’s like Sam’s a fly on the wall, because he adds:
“I mean, those folks write some weird stories about us. On the internet. I thought you should know, since it’s, well, about us.” Oh god, suddenly there’s a smile on Dean’s face and a finger gun as well. Dean cringes at himself. “Banging.”
Cas stares down at his freshly polished shoes. So, it’s over then. The ruse. The great charade.
He resists the urge to wipe at it.
The fish are his friends! They want him to open another bottle!
“Dean, who wrote that about me?” There’s a slight tremor in Cas’ voice as he stares at Dean’s stupid fucking phone.
He watches the hands come alive with memories of touch.
And now there’s none of him left.
“That’s you,” Dean offers, and thank god Cas finally starts blinking again. It was getting a bit too uncanny valley.
It’s three long rings before Kevin picks up.
Sam laughs. “Oh no, that’s only a nice side effect.”
How do you talk to your angel best friend about the fictional online porn you’ve been reading about the two of you?
“How did you get here? What did you do to Sam?” Jack asks, anger simmering in his voice.
“CUT! Jensen, man, c’mon! Don’t look at us!” Richard yells abrasively. “Look at Cas,” he instructs. “He’s about to tell you he’s been in love with you for twelve years. You’ve never realised but now, suddenly, you look at him in a different light.”
Cas squirms.
Dean needs to diffuse this with a joke fucking fast.
He googles:
He smiles at him trying to insinuate “look, we can be friends, go out for a drink, whatever.”
Once they’re in, Jensen decides not to waste too much time. He beelines it to Dean’s room.
Dean scrolls back to that first page and makes a point of ignoring the ridiculous title.
Dean is just as speechless.
Cas lifts his chin. He looks resigned.
Dean clears his throat. “I… uh, Cas… I… I’m just not gay. Nothing to do with
Second package is wigs. Oh. It appears they accidentally gave him Jared’s mail too.
Dean releases a shaky sigh, and looks away.
They both made it here, at least. He checks his fingers. Yeah, that weird ring is still there. A matching one on Cas’s hand.
, right Cas?” Dean asks.
Again? It’s his day off, goddamnit.
By the time the alarm goes off, he’s gotta hand it to Cas: you gotta have balls to do this nude modeling thing.
a darkness in Dean, still, that never fully recovered from hell.
There’s no crash on Canadian ground, no embarrassing moment where he’s gonna have to explain why he’s lying face-down in broken shards of company property. No. Shockingly, he ‘lands’ next to Jared.
Right. Okay. Dean’s gotta be honest with himself here: it’s time for the Return of the Dick. Cas wasn’t afraid to show off his full bod earlier, and why should Dean? This is all natural, after all.
He considered killing the remaining members of Led Zeppelin, but he wasn’t so sure if they’d even end up in heaven. Maybe more of an escalator down than a stairway up situation. Always too much bureaucracy with these rock bands.
“They have a decent car, right?” Dean says, remembering something.
Dean closes his eyes, fighting against a demon Sam can’t see.
That’s not something
But then, Dean catches him completely off guard.
Hello, Dean.
Dean feels the warmth of his tongue against his, and, against all laws of physics, his even warmer hands slipping up the side of his neck to cradle his face.
Now Cas only wields the back end of the pencil, a piece of pink rubber eraser, lightly rubbing Dean’s dick up and down.
Him and Cas drink while Dean tries to murder them with his eyes.
“I’m not
Jack pulled me out of the Empty. Sorry I didn’t tell you yet, Dean.
“— the next he Swayzed right into another dimension.”
“First time?”
him as a good hunter?
Jimmy’s coat first.
Wow, what?
“I know you can hear me,” he lies out loud. He can only
“Don’t move, Dean,” Cas orders, and his voice is so firm even Dean’s dick takes notice, following suit.
The point is, Cas should have called him if he thought something demonic or witchy was going on, instead of so carelessly posing as bait. Literally.
“Yeah. We’ll have to re-do those, Cas,” Dean says, mouth smoke-filled, fingers tingling, paper unfolding in his chest.
“I got nothing, Cas.”
With his other hand, Cas softly bumps the pencil against Dean’s hole. It’s sharp and quick, a tiny spank of the rubber eraser against tightly wound skin.
Maybe reliving Dean’s speech on a loop made him realise there
Dean stares at the paper, scandalized. Who does this Ackles dude think he is? He wasn’t there! He just pretended to be for a tv show. Purgatory was scary and dangerous and there was no way he was gonna leave there without Cas. And when he found him, well, that was maybe the closest they’d ever been, but that’s like in war, isn’t it?
It takes three long breaths to even process that. Dean is
Two rowdy hunters leave, deep in conversation. The door swings hard right into Cas’s face.
“I mean it, Dean. Ideally, Kevin and I get you on a track of sorts, so you have at least some idea of what you’re up against. Right now? You can’t do anything. Other than try to get some shuteye.”
What the hell. Not this place again.
This little dude. Not his! Dean’s brain-autocorrect is not working today.
Or was that really Cas? Didn’t Misha text him some essay about that? Shit, he forgot to finish it.
So Sam is happy when they find an easy enough case to bond over. A nest of vampires, it seems, has been attacking families and cutting off tongues. After a bit of old fashioned investigation, they’ve tracked them to a barn.
The actual, real fallen soldier of heaven shifts next to him and rolls on his back on his command, waiting. It warms Dean’s heart to see how much Cas trusts him.
He opens the script once more, maybe he can find this ummm, scene they’re about to record? Learn his lines?
“Notice anything weird?” Sam presses.
“Okay, but why was
“Never have I ever… allowed my adopted Nephilim son to eat literal hearts,” Jack says.
First, he frantically disables the fire alarm.
“What?” Cas asks.
Cas moves one hand up to the back of Dean’s neck, past the fabric of his t-shirt. Touching skin, rubbing it in circles like an unspoken yes, yes, more. A small jolt of pleasure runs through Dean’s entire body. Encouraged, electrified, Dean envelopes Cas’ entire nipple in his mouth, and slowly moves his tongue upward, then down again. This has a most delightful result. Underneath him, Cas is writhing. Good. Sensitive nipples, then. Dean can work with that.
His entire life flashes before his eyes. Floppy fish and all. He should’ve just stepped on it, if only to avoid this awkward conversation. No! He’s not ready to be turned down by Dean Winchester.
? Does he even have… anything, down there? Straight up barbie dolls, right, those angels? Junkless. Right?
He lets his eyes grow cold.
Cas crosses the room to him, and Sam curses himself for having to watch these two idiots with his own two eyes.
And even though it was planned and expected, it takes Dean by surprise. The warmth. It’s… overwhelming. Almost unnaturally so.
“You’ve watched me hurt you a thousand times now, replayed that moment over and over, and never once did you think you deserved
Seconds go by, and Dean opens his mouth several times but the oxygen still hasn’t returned, damn it. He can hear a ringing in his ears and all he can do is watch Cas’ stone cold face recede further away as he gets off the couch, and promptly walks out the tv room.
Dean is still holding his eyes closed.
But when the last naked Cas is turned to ash, the alleyway is still empty.
universe.
Dean stares at the curve of Cas’s back for a moment, then sighs, and flicks off his own bedside lamp. He’s nowhere near tired. Why couldn’t he just have had a normal conversation? Maybe asked Cas to watch a movie or something?
“No, I don’t know. Where did they find more family?”
“Not to mention the elephant in the room, but…”, his brother says, hands planted on his hips and - how dare he - eyes going toward Cas.
Cass puts a finger on Jensen’s forehead. A JOLT goes through his body. Cass smiles, gripping tight to stop the body from falling. Dean is back.
Cas shakes his head. “You don’t have to fulfill your human obligation of politeness with me, Dean.”
That’s it. Dean stands up abruptly, the chair’s legs scrape against the floor. He points an angry finger at Kevin.
He skims over all the horrible rhymes. Aha! He spots the answer that’s obviously meant to lead to some sort of gay Dean result or something.
“My name is Jensen Ackles and I’m an actor,” Jensen says, perfectly aware how ridiculous he sounds and how close he is to getting de-souled by an actual wrathful angel for impersonating the man he loves, and giving him a fake love confession to boot.
Cas already died once in his short stint as a human. And now there isn’t even a body around to revive.
“Tell me!” Sam yells, slamming Dean into the door now. He moves close to him.
Those words, once spoken by Cas, had always stuck with Dean.
There’s nothing, no sound behind him. Cas is just Silent McSilence.
. “Cas, please. I know you’re in heaven with Jack. Maybe you’re busy, maybe not. But we gotta talk.”
Dean trembles in relief.
Dean stands up and stretches.
He thinks about Cas’ lips. The writer sure gets a few things wrong there, actually. Suddenly his own mouth feels dry.
Having this conversation is the second last thing he wants. The first-last thing being ‘fighting with Cas’. Ever.
Cas and Claire are standing in the hallway with their coats on, just about to leave, and the doorbell rings. Cas thinks for a second it’s John and if so - he’s pretty sure he’s going to kick his ass, not even caring about showing Dean his angel-level strength.
Beat goddmmit
, but
When he pulls halfway back, there’s a small smile on Cas’s face. A shard of happiness, and Dean can’t help but mirror it. Cas closes his eyes and kisses him.
angle, actually.
Thanks for reading <3
“Well, not for nothing Cas,” he starts, “but the last time someone looked at me like that…”
What’s the dude thinking?
Cas wraps the coat tighter around him and keeps walking.
Cas continues. “When I came back, it was like you saw a ghost. You clearly thought you’d never see me again. Maybe - maybe
Dean has slid down against a wooden pillar, holding his thigh where blood is quickly spreading.
Dean swallows. What?
Why is everything coded? Are they in the Matrix?
Mary already needs another refill.
against him in slow motion. His dick slides against Dean’s ass, and finally, it awkwardly slips between his cheeks. Still cloth over cloth though. Nothing too queer! In case God is watching.
They sit there until the credits roll, and Dean takes the quiz again, because he saw in the list there’s a “Cas” answer and he’s just curious whether the fans think he’s gay.
Okay, okay. He can direct. He can do this. Jensen grips Cas by the coat lapels. “Don’t let Dean die. You flash down there and
it’s not Gabriel, because he’d never talk to Cas that way.
Clothed, this pose would be easy as breathing. But like this, facing Cas, watching Cas… watch him, is the most difficult thing Dean’s ever done.
There’s a small pause. “Yes.”
quirks of his.
“I don’t need you to- to take care of me, Sam,” Dean shakes his head defiantly.
Dean freezes. “You okay, Cas?”
Dean makes a mental note to add this to the list.
The guy looks delighted, somehow. Happy.
Dean stares at it with frightful eyes.
“Jack,” Dean’s greeting was tinged with clear admiration. Then something else moved across his features. “Cas—”
“Oh no, you didn’t think this would end well, did you?” Chuck replies. “In every universe I’ve defeated you idiots, what did you expect, I am God Himself, you cannot-“
The boy’s eyes flicker all around. “Something is not as it was.”
Drawing someone nude is actually kind of like drawing an object, like a car. Like Baby. Extremely similar.
In an instant, everything is different. A new kind of emptiness.
He can feel Cas’ thumbs rubbing over his cheeks and only then he realises he’s crying.
“Excuse me, Richard?” It’s a woman in her sixties with glasses about as thick as Dean’s thumb. “There’s a problem with the snack table.”
Sam blinks at the screen. Now Cas is the one who looks like he’s about to faint.
She draws him away, and leaves Dean with the other, more appealing snacks.
Not that he wants to bone Cas! That’s not what Dean meant.
“Jimmy Novak,” Cas clarifies, straining to get his voice up to Jimmy’s weird high tone.
Before the townsfolk can gather their pitchforks, Dean sprints out of the room, other people’s boobs gripped tight against his chest.
Dean quickly steps out of the bed. Yeah, no one should think anything of it, but, um, he’s pretty sure he packed lube.
What a waste of money, and bad for the environment, and horrible to whichever Amazon workers had to break their backs over this Celebrity Prime order to get it here so soon.
Cas looks him in the eyes. “So what do these ‘fans’ think about
“Are you hurting yourself on purpose?”
Cas opens his eyes again and slowly lets go of Dean’s face.
It’s clear Cas has been gathering his courage as if he’s been charging a battery.
“You told me yourself. I raised my little brother for love, I did everything for love. Do you remember all the things I’ve done for you? I let myself get beaten to a pulp just to heal you. I prayed to you every night in Purgatory. I made you a bloody mixtape.” Dean smiles at the memory. “I’d give up the whole world for you, Cas.”
“Please-,” it’s almost a whisper.
The fic writers would have a goddamn field day!
Dean pulls back. Cas is arched with his eyes closed. An ungodly sight. Dean moves on to the other nipple and traces its edges with his tongue. Cas’ hips push upward, seeking friction, seeking Dean.
He’s fluffy and adorable and — oops — looks at Jensen very suspiciously.
Kevin blinks up at him in confusion, and it’s taking Dean all he has to keep from effectively strangling him - they still need him for the tablet - so he walks out the door, straight to his room.
Oh. Now it makes sense. “The hell, Cas! Look what you did!”
Cas walked up to the band’s rehearsal space with a deep sigh. As the newly appointed head of heaven’s party planning committee, he really didn’t have time for this. But as its only member, he had no choice.
“What?”
Dean has wrapped a white towel around his left hand but a thick red stain is spreading on it quickly.
“Well, not
That would be cruel, even for a seasoned torturer.
So now Kansas had to die.
He swallows another gulp of beer, and remembers when Jack’s life was in danger. That was just a… win for them, right? No strings attached?
“You’re…” He touches Cas’ lower back. “You’re really gorgeous, Cas.”
“Yes I am,” Cas says, relieved that Dean bought his act. They’re lookalikes, so this should be easy to maintain. And totally normal of Cas to go this route. Anyway, heaven’s big. This shouldn’t be much of an issue.
“Sixteen,” he repeats, softly. “He’s so damn easy to love it doesn’t need some dumb list.”
He’d barely had time to plan the party.
He decides not to think on that one too hard and skims over the rest. What the hell is fifth base anyway?
Is that
Dean’s eyes POP OPEN.
Okay, and maybe Jared’s pranks kept them shooting a little longer.
It zaps them back instantly, but prematurely, plopping them. Right into their actual bodies and their proper universe.
“We know, Cas,” Sam says, smiling fondly. “Never have I ever watched
“Dean, don’t-“ Cas says.
He stumbles to the door and unlocks it. There, smiling up at him surrounded by an ungodly amount of sunlight, is Misha.
It’s not working well, in fact, Cas looks like he’s been stabbed by Dean’s back pocket knife. A PA pours fake blood on Cas’s hand, then quickly rushes off.
Cas swirls his tongue over the head, and dammit, Dean needs to ground himself on something before he topples into the waves himself. He reaches for Cas’ fist, the one still curled around the pencil.
“Dean. You don’t have to-”
Sam wonders if there is perhaps an ancient manuscript in the library detailing how to be a good ally to your queer brother without permission to use any of the relevant vocabulary. Like a messed up version of Time’s Up.
“Cas is gone,” Dean blurts out.
Kevin’s eye widen.
Sam’s still chattering from the phone’s speaker. “That’s the good thing! Just some holy water should bump it out of its vessel, apparently.”
Right.
“Dean,” Cas says, voice hoarse. He blinks up at him, still groggy, still vulnerable. Still beautiful.
“That was only five minutes?!”
Oh. So he’s using the Gas-n-sip name here, too.
Resignation.
“Let’s get a move on,” Dean says, and they start walking.
“I just spent the equivalent of a lifetime dreaming in the Empty, Dean,” Cas frowns, looking up. “You know this.”
“— well, I can take an educated guess.” Jensen smiles. “Thing is, you could have aimed higher, man.”
Dean looks down, and picks up his speed.
When he returns to the room, wearing underwear and a t-shirt - thank you very much - Cas is back sitting in the same spot on the bed. Cas hesitantly looks up, eyes not in any way dragging over Dean’s body as he would in a fanfic, Dean thinks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Listen, Dean.”
Dean replays Cas’ speech in his head, over and over.
For a few long seconds, Dean glares at Sam. Without a word, he walks out.
he talks to him?
Each part of Dean, cared for.
He’s sent him a link on ao3. What the-
And what about the men?
Cas opens his eyes to the sight of Dean hovering over him, Jimmy and Mary hanging back over his shoulder and the sound of Claire’s laughter in the background.
Cas is standing near the door, with his suitcase planted next to him. Dean is blocking his way out, talking. They’re about a foot apart still. Close but far.
Or he could be brave.
He keeps burning.
Dean winces. If he’s being honest — yeah, Cas did look a little hurt, but somehow Dean doesn’t think it’s relevant to the case.
“Dean and Sam are on their way.”
Dean licks his lips. Now he must go in for the kill.
Dean chuckles to himself. The guy sure is.
Fuck. Fuck. The thought alone nearly sends Dean over the edge.
Cas tries to stare Dean down, but it’s hard to keep his eyes from lingering on those lips. He might pop a vein if this goes on much longer.
It takes Cas a long time before he puts another bite of molecules in his mouth again.
Cas looks down, his hands resting in his lap.
They’re back in the bunker basement, but not alone.
And anyway, with Ezekiel hitchhiking along in the Sam-mobile, Dean wouldn’t have been able to take a little detour back to Rexford to check on Cas. And bring him the couple of old shirts he’d stuffed into a duffel bag before leaving.
Once he is completely sure that Cas is breathing steadily, Dean unlocks his phone again, and continues down the road so far.
could have prepared Castiel for Dean Winchester’s lips pressed against his.
Dean never knew something so poetic could be so cruel.
Shit. That means demons are real, here, too, then. And heaven and hell. And Lucifer. Fear grips Jensen’s otherwise so brave heart. What about all of this is real? Freaking everything!
The face-to-thigh rubbing has stopped.
Dean scans his memory. There was of course, eh, Meg. Demon. And that woman who slept with him while he was human and ended up stabbing him… She was a reaper.
He flies about two feet out of his chair when pastor Richard’s alarm goes off to signal the end of the pose.
He can’t lose it like this, man. Not now. That serves no purpose.
“John,” Mary says, a warning in her voice.
heavenly father.
He feels… in control.
But Dean already noticed the little flinch Cas made after he asked.
“It’s my day off!” He yells, immediately regretting it. He actually prides himself on always being nice to the crew, while they’re finding cloths to clean pie off from faces, for example.
There was a short pause.
sink in further.
How do you fight absence? How do you fight friggin’ nothing?
Yeah, it's about something queer. Like. That.
Dean waves it off. “It’s alright. I—”
Dean can be a male model, totally.
They were
Cas lets out a shaky breath, only inches from Dean’s lips, before he leans in that final distance.
While Dean is talking, a MONTAGE starts. We see different moments spanning the entire SERIES. Starting with the entrance in the BARN, Dean STABBING Cass, Cass sitting on Dean’s bed. The montage includes all their HUGS and Dean’s moments of GRIEF every time he lost Cass. It also includes domestic scenes in the BUNKER with their family.
Dean’s gonna fucking
It feels like the veil between consciousness and sleep. A complete lack of
“What are you doing?”
“Okay, so….”
Maybe something weird went on between those two, right before Cas vanished. Dean hadn’t exactly been talkative about it. And Sam hadn’t insisted. He figured they’d probably had a fight.
(softly)
Difficult. Dean once again meant difficult.
again, so he moves back and forth, picking up speed.
Dean’s name in Cas’s mouth like that may be the dirtiest word he’s ever heard.
Cas decided to gag Kansas just to be safe. His angel ears picked up the conversation outside perfectly. Bobby was explaining that Jack rebuilt heaven so everyone could visit everyone now.
Um, friendly.
Except, it’s not even funny. The guy was so strapped for cash he…
This time Dean obeys.
Dean barely has time to think “that’s kinda gay” before he feels himself dropping into a different-but-same body and —
This seems to elicit a response. Cas blinks out of his daze, turning those eyes on him. So blue. “I can assure you, Dean, I’ve always had functioning… junk. A lot of angels in fact like to… Well.”
“Turn over,” Cas says.
“Sorry, Sam. I need a headstart to level the playing field for lightweights like you.”
Cas tilts his head. “Yes, of course hearing you say those horrible things to me, hurt. And I do wonder if there was a truth in their core… but ultimately, my avoiding you hasn’t been about what you said then. It’s about what you said in the Empty.”
That’s when Dean loses it. He grips Cas’ shoulders to keep himself steady. If the angel wants it hard, who is he to say no? He thrusts into Cas roughly, picking up speed, losing almost all sense of time and space.
Dean’s sleeves are not deliciously tight around his biceps.
After sufficient pause, he quickly nips his drink. Could be unrelated, could be he’s just thirsty.
He stuffs a piece of raspberry pie in his mouth. Mmmhm. Absolutely heavenly.
, Cas breathes.
“Wow, I don’t recognise you with this many clothes on,” Dean quips, and he delights in Cas’ eye roll.
He needs to, once again, establish a clear heterosexual pattern.
He’s shaking, really. With… anger? With something, anyway.
is about the furthest from a family game you can get, including
Dean very carefully, tentatively licks his tongue across Cas’ bottom lip. Holy shit. Cas opens like a flower. Dean pushes past and it is like tasting honey for the first time. Like discovering color and flavor and all life has to offer, like drinking water directly from the mountain’s source.
Dean starts sketching. Seriously, why is Cas even here?
“Dean, when we first met, do you remember? You hated me, remember? Because Cas died because of me.”
“I was so angry at you, Cas,” Dean said, turning to him.
He looks up, and gets as stuck as a car backing up in a swamp.
He doesn’t know what possesses him, but he ends up choosing “drinks with straws”.
Instead, he leaves his hands lying there like logs.
for you to write about, Kevin!”
He runs towards Cas, hunkers down and desperately cradles his face. A miracle. A miracle.
What an unfair question though. Right? What does Cas
He slips into a seat with his back to the wall. This is fun. So fun.
noise whatsoever.
Dean rolls his eyes. Why can’t the angel ever look him in the eye? Or give a straight answer?
Dean lets that sink in. But only about an inch deep, he isn’t letting
To take him forever.
Jack smiles. “So it’s just like we thought?”
Leave some small part of Dean on Cas, lest anyone else try to look at what Dean’s realizing he only wants his own eyes to see.
“Cas,” Dean breathes and the word escapes his lips like an errant butterfly he immediately chases to trap again. Dean throws himself forward and kisses Jimmy Novak on the lips.
“This will be a longer one,” Cas says.
“It’s very serious,” Cas swallows. “I think I need mouth to mouth.”
Another long beat followed. Cas didn’t think there was beer enough in the world to drink down his nerves.
As if he is the observer of his own body, not Cas. He finds that, by focusing on it, it eventually dissolves.
“Cas keeping the pantry stocked with your favorite cornflakes? A sign! Cas healing all your stupid little wounds by touching you gently even though he doesn’t even have to touch you? Guess what! Think!”
Miracle complies, and Jensen sighs in relief. He locks the door behind him. He’s safe.
Hell, they don’t know him. They don’t know how unflinchingly he cuts his hand to draw a blood sigil when he rebels against heaven. They don’t know how crooked his tie hangs while he’s battling demons. They don’t know how pleased his smile grows when Dean explains human crap while they watch movies.
It sounds so cold and sad that Dean is glad he didn’t bring up Benny.
“Dean,” a low voice emerges beneath him. “I think you should fuck me.”
Well, uh. I’m sure you were busy, Cass.
Cas smiled to himself proudly. It’s well known lore that Chuck created the world in six days and then took a day to nap. Not to brag but it took them only 8 hours to redecorate heaven. After that, Cas quickly got bored though. Even without its barriers, with people mingling all over the place, heaven felt emptier than the Empty.
That he definitely knows approximately five facts about.
“Hey Cas, you okay bud? I’m reading these lines and um, they made you pretty gay, dude. They even spelled your name with two s’es like
It’s all going perfectly fine, he tells Jimmy in the mirror, tying his tie. He’s getting the hang of this. It’s going well. Great. Just great.
“He… I don’t know,” pastor Richard says shakily.
There’s only silence after that, silence as they walk to the Impala, silence as they drive home, only silence and glances and hitched breathing and it drives Sam all but crazy.
The first time it happens, Sam is reading a book on the history of American Sign Language in the war room.
No, he doesn’t want Cas to feel bad. His evening’s been bad enough already. Almost getting killed? Being mistakenly thought of as gay? Dean can’t imagine what that must feel like!
Never once did he imagine he’d be lying in some motel bed in bumfuck nowhere with an angel’s shotgun cocked against him.
“You have no power here,” Dean says.
From his vantage point, he can see Dean pinch his eyes closed as Cas wraps his other arm across his lower back. There is a trace of great pain across his face, and Sam doubts it has anything to do with his shoulder. Slowly, during the healing embrace, Dean moves his good arm to rest his hand on Cas’ back, and a small whimper escapes Dean when the touch lands.
Those moments were fast and fleeting, anyway.
“I should have known you were a perv,” Dean quips, making Cas jump. “You always look dressed for some sort of exhibitionists anonymous meeting anyway.”
Jensen glances at Sam, whose mouth is a thin line. They’re obviously not done discussing this.
He enters Jensen’s trailer. It’s very… beige. But it has a little kitchen, several sofas, a television, a table, a bed,...
“Yes,” Dean says, a tightness closing in on his chest.
“Most of them…. They’re about you and - uh - C - Cast - Cas… having sex.”
Cas blinks at her confusedly.
Dean sighs. “Cas, how much longer do we gotta be in the twilight zone, dude?”
Cas’ arm stretches the impeccable line of his torso, curving right up to the masculine hook of his elbow, like a still in a ballet video.
Dean’s arms drop by his sides. What the…?
She sighs with a bored look on her face. “I’m here for Death, fellas.”
“You can change positions, Dean,” Cas says kindly.
Dean’s muse.
Cas takes a step closer, and after a few ragged breaths, Dean lifts his chin to look him in the eyes.
“Yes?” Cas tilts his head at him, oozing that… Cas thing.
It’s only when he’s holding those folded drawings in his hands, that he freezes completely.
Dean’s eyes definitely do not roam over that body, not for one second, before he physically
“It’s a road movie / a double feature, two boys striking out across America, while desire, / like a monster, crawls up out of the lake”
Cas rolls his eyes. He looks tired as hell.
Sam and Eileen watch as he rushes up the stairs, taking two steps with each stride.
Dean’s bottom lip drops.
, Cas.”
“You owe us,” Jack says. “And we need Cas.”
“Don’t,” Dean says, but Cas finds a light switch and suddenly all is exposed.
He fights the urge to scratch a rising itch near his ribs.
on those faces.”
Dean’s dick is straining towards the sound of his voice.
Cas looks away. “Pizza man,” he mutters, and Dean has to be imagining the slight flush across his cheeks.
Then, Cas pinches his eyes closed and a white glow emanates from his fingers.
“The happiness isn’t in the
“You’re bleeding,” Jack says.
The next question has Dean frown deeply.
Dean casts his eyes to the sky in frustration.
Then Dean sees it. Just a little further, lying on the floor, is a body. Cas.
You’re alive? You’re back?
“No, I…”
Dean shrugs and starts the car. They drive in absolute silence. It isn’t until they’re nearly there, that the truth dawns on Dean. It’s nighttime, but Cas is going back to the Gas-N-Sip.
Dean scoffs. ‘Different light’ ain’t wrong. There’s damn questionable lighting, actually, on this set.
homophobic is about the last thing Dean would want for this timeline. It’s almost as if his own reputation is on the line. Like Jensen is his vessel or something.
Look, LOOK! This was originally meant to be two chapters, and it was. But as I was editing this chapter after my gf’s feedback, I realised I needed one more chapter for Dean’s and Cas’ emotional arc to be genuine and complete.
Wait. The Empty? Dean remembers the script he read. Surely, that deal is not… surely Cas didn’t…
“Right,” Dean says. “I hear lately there’ve been—”
“Last time I was here, uh, Misha Collins got stabbed to death. So how do people think you’re him? Or is this a different tv show universe?”
“Dude, half of them are about me and Sam!”
Suddenly, he notices how the room still smells of cum, and he beelines it to the bathroom, where he gathers an ancient scrolls length of toilet paper to attack the sofa with. He wipes up every last drop, scrubs himself, then decides no — this is not enough. He needs another shower.
Okay, it’s kinda good actually. Real powerful, interesting writing. Maybe Siken’s a fan of the Supernatural books.
“Is this actually a new hobby of yours?” Dean lowers his voice. “Is it a sex thing?”
, here. You know, our director and personal friend, who used to play Gabriel on the show.”
Cas grips his shoulder - the one he first touched, all those years ago - and Dean just
Dean waits for a punchline, but Cas is just spacing out like he’s remembering some great trauma.
Then, he pulls out his credit card.
Jensen stares at angel of the freaking lord Cas, whose face is pinched with some sort of... What is it? Without a script it’s harder to interpret. Hurt?
Yeah! Dean’s gonna beat this quiz. Get himself a damn win for the night.
Dean drinks.
Dean fixes Sam with a stern look. Time for revenge.
Though he’s not really sure what that looks like. Probably a lot cooler than flashlights in sleeves. “I came here to warn you. Don’t let them go on a hunt for the vamp mimes.”
He takes a few steps toward him, goddamn it, they’re both still naked as hell, and Cas’ eyes widen. Cas almost flinches away but Dean cups his hands softly around Cas’ face and leans down, how else can he express how much Cas is loved by them - okay, fine, by
No, the quiz is rigged. Probably every answer leads to the same outcome. it’s probably a joke quiz, made by Sam to fuck with him, or something.
“No, no, sorry,” Dean forces his face into a smile and takes off his shirt. He catches sight of himself in the mirror. Wow. This Jensen dude is way more ripped than him. And… no scars.
? He kisses him. Soft. Slow.
Dean takes a step back, processing. Cas watches as the doubt on Dean’s face shifts to understanding. A mask slips over his features - looking more dead.
Fourth beer.
Cas can see his face briefly fall before he pulls it back in, but it’s too late.
Then he opens all the windows.
“What do you think you’re up to, Gabriel?” He squints down at him and damn, Gabriel is
Cas’ hand is still on top of his, keeping it pressed to his chest.
He must really believe it. He’s not even fighting back anymore. It tugs at Dean’s heart.
He guides Cas’s head softly down but Cas -
“What do we do?”, Cas asks. “When we... when the characters are bedsharing.”
“So, um, not a date, then?” Dean asks.
Yeah — it’s really cool that he can be okay with all of this. Cas is lucky.
Doesn’t beat Baby in any capacity, but still, it’s pretty rad for now.
Damn it. It can’t be
While the next page slowly loads, Cas starts blinking awake, stirring against Dean's arm. Dean quickly fumbles with his phone and — just his luck — it falls on the floor with a loud thump.
He startles when a flash of blue walks right past him, the swishing of a soft robe.
“What about the models?” Dean asks the pastor, keeping his tone light. “Do you, um. Switch them up?”
No body is meant to be awake here.
It’s not Dean’s fault the length of Sam’s limbs is a curiosity to be studied by the Ikea science team.
Cas sighs heavily against his hand. Both of their hearts quicken in tandem, because something is happening.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas is holding two cups of coffee, bless.
He looks at Dean with a look of challenge.
“Cas…” Dean breathes, and Cas lunges forward, takes his dick in hand and swipes the head against Dean, smearing precum all over his hole.
Eileen gasps when Sam translates that line for her.
If he remembers correctly from the script, he’s supposed to say something about moving on so their sacrifice isn’t for nothing.
Shit, Jack. After everything, still so generous with his love. Dean averts his eyes. It hurts. Jack wouldn’t help him if he knew the truth.
Sam walks to the cupboard and collects four glasses. “Errr, it’s a drinking game, Jack.”
Sam’ll be fine for a few days.
“It’s like shellfish, isn’t it?”, he blurts out.
Confusion joins the pain lining Cas’s face. Great. Jensen has broken the angel. They’ve officially lost the plot.
He takes a large scalding sip, turning a smile to Cas. “So, what have you been up to?”
It really is, it is. Dean wants Cas to just hold him down and bang him already, he wants to feel the fullness of him, deep inside. He wants to be unsure he’ll walk normally tomorrow. He wants Cas to mark him.
“What is it?”
What if he can’t get Cas back? What if this, after everything they’ve been through together, is finally it?
Cas doesn’t look too at ease, either.
Cas’ drawings are scattered on the floor.
Cas swallows. “At least that way I was sure I would keep seeing you.”
Oh. The next question is totally cheating. What a lazy ass quiz maker, Dean judges.
There is a large green screen outside the window. And the sheets are soft. And he and Cas are half naked and he feels
“He said he loves me,” Dean says, angrily.
I love you, he signs.
“It’s not the pastor, Sam,” Dean tells his phone, turning his back once more while pastor Richard fumbles for his pack of cigarettes in his pocket.
Oddly enough, Dean suddenly moves his right hand on top of Cas’ hands.
“Sam and I were never going to let you go alone, Dean. You’re not alone.”
“I should double check your paperwork, there’s been a mistake, you shouldn’t be in heaven,” he hisses at her before getting out, but she just smiles.
Cas walks to the jukebox and puts on Dreams.
He didn’t.
Sam and Eileen lean closer to the screen. He’s never looked more
Jensen is back in his trailer.
Cas. Cas. Cas.
“It’s probably a turpe.”
Dean now regrets not bringing a beret himself, though. This was a prime opportunity for a little dress up, to get in character. He could have worn suspenders. And a fake moustache!
Not even an echo. The sound just carries on indefinitely.
What in the actual fuck is wrong with him? Cas is alone, penniless, and showing his dick to old thirsty women.
Not like he can even think about sleeping now.
about nephilims, Dean. So yes, they have sex. Though mainly with each other.”
Dean tenses.
Delicate features.
The first time he consciously showed his dick to anyone must’ve been when he was in highschool, flashing his friends. As a joke. Guys joke like that.
“He’s not,” Cas interrupts. “It’s just me, good old Jimmy Novak.”
Dean watches him struggle against the words, and suddenly, he remembers the next part. It’s no longer about Dean. It’s about Cas.
“We have to resurrect Crowley, we need his help to defeat Chuck,” Sam says.
“Why wouldn’t I be?” Dean finally retorts.
“No.” Probably.
Cas was right. The happiness is in the saying.
Dean abruptly turns off the Zeppelin. He removes the tape from the deck and stores it carefully away from sunlight.
Part of his shoulder blade feels strange, too.
Dean reaches over and cups his cheek.
He presses a finger to Jensen’s forehead.
He decides to turn around, positioning his knees on the couch, back turned to Cas. Basically presenting his bum on a silver platter, shit.
,” Sam claps his hands. Dean has never seen him sit up so fast in his life.
DEAN/JENSEN
“Yeah,” Dean says, and in one swift motion Cas engulfs his penis, slowly and calculatingly — almost like he’s still measuring it — into his warm, wet mouth.
Jensen groans. Opening the door is actually like watching an angel die, the white light exploding in his eyes.
He’s here because Jimmy would be a big fan of all things roadhouse, he tells himself again.
“I’m Barbara. Barb. It’s nice to see young people interested in the arts.”
He considers himself quite the connoisseur of the female form, not unlike a sommelier with an exceptionally fine nose or an art collector with impeccable taste. Except he’d buy all the paintings. And enjoy all the wine, because truly, isn’t it one of God’s gifts to humanity?
But Jensen’s not even paying attention anymore. He’s already sat himself down at the little table and starts flipping through the new script.
“Everything you have ever done, the good and the bad, you have done for love,” Cas reads out loud.
a particularly well drawn set of boobs, in beautiful charcoal, when a voice interrupts his very artsy and not at all horny thoughts.
Dean collapses. His legs feel weird and numb, his mind is spinning. Jack rushes to his side. And Dean is ready for a beating, because whatever is coming, it’s what he deserves.
This kiss isn’t gonna make things uncomfortable between them, right?
But how different can it be?
“Oh, hi Jensen,” Cas says, emphasizing the name slightly as he locks eyes with Dean. “I was just talking to
Quite the opposite. He’s here to fix his whole life!
He can feel moisture rising to his eyes. But he can’t give into that. No. For now it’s important to save Cas’ life. And the world, too, maybe.
Cas must be having a very human heart attack (not again, not Misha!) because he’s pale as a Brit on holiday as he tries to pull his head away.
“It’s an angel’s kiss,” Cas says, his deep voice sounding troubled. His eyes flicker to Sam and then straight back to his hands.
Dean keeps his cool. “What’s up?”
Dean realizes that they’re on a ledge here, and one small movement from either of them will be the fall of them both. To something unknown, untraveled.
For a minute, Sam thinks the microphone has stopped working, because absolutely no sound emanates from the machinery. And now that he thinks of it, maybe the camera has stopped working too, because the image has frozen on Dean staring at Cas like a 1920s movie star.
“Shall we spoon?” He asks the creature.
He looks at the sensual curve of Cas’ hips. The artist’s focus on the lips.
Dean keeps burning the papers.
, his brain unhelpfully supplies.
He clicks the mail icon. Finally, he’ll get the peace he’s been waiting for.
Team Free Will, forever.
Dean presses his lips against Cas’ chest and picks up speed, it’s nothing fancy, just quick and dirty, but Dean knows how to do this part at least. God knows he’s practiced enough on himself. (God knows? God no.)
Jack comes closer, puts a hand on Dean’s other shoulder, and silently nods at him.
He looks over at Cas while reaching for it, stretching his fingers around the edge and tugging it towards him before Sam can read whatever’s on the screen.
That’s different. He’s an experienced hunter.
When he turns back around, lube in hand, the blanket has been pushed on the ground and in the middle of the mattress is Cas. The angel has positioned himself on his belly, briefs still on, and is waiting for him quietly. His arms are wrapped around a pillow.
“Congratulations,” she says as she rises, Billie’s body submerging into oily goo at her feet. “You’ve cheated Death once more,” she tells the both of them, then disappears.
Even enjoying it a little, though he’s not going to admit that.
Dean smiles sadly. “When have I ever been polite?”
“Dude, perv.”
“Dean, I have an apartment, it’s just near the Gas-N…”
“F- frottage.”
, Cas?”
Dean swallows hard. The silence stretches and stretches until he falls asleep.
It slides down his throat bitterly while he watches as Dean and the woman start dancing to the music. Dean smiles and he spins her, his hips - his hips swivel in time to the beat.
But looking back, he sees it. Everything he never allowed himself to name. Every time he lit up with Cas’ touch. Every time his fire died when Cas did.
Dean let that phone screen, still open to the quiz result just… hang in front of the guy’s face.
Cas presses a flat hand to the middle of Dean’s shoulder blades, pushing his face downward, ass in air.
Dean stares into Cas’ eyes a normal amount of time.
Dean can’t exactly pinpoint why that feels like a blow to his ribs. He blinks down at the floor to recover. When he looks up, Cas has slid back under the sheets, his body once more turned away from Dean.
Cas steps right in front of Dean. Dean’s hands twitch, resting on the couch. They itch with the reflex of a lifelong hunter to put up his defenses, to block, to defend.
Dean looks to the side and tries to gauge whatever is going on in Cas’s head. It’s near impossible. Those eyes are deep wells, their usual piercing blue hidden in the darkness of the motel room. Dean is - he is drowning in them.
One by one, the missing women come back. Like revived ghosts. Like the lines on the page were restraining them.
This is a lot. How do these actor folks learn so many lines?
“Dean.”
much fanfiction. And not all explicit stuff, either!
Dean decides it’s probably because Cas also wants to get out of here as quickly as possible.
starts playing.
“Dean stopped Cas right before entering his room, I think,” he signs.
“If that’s what you want, Cas,” Dean hears himself reply before his terrified brain can stop it.
Wait, no, he didn’t mean it like
“Dean, no, no, no. This isn’t any fun. Don’t be pathetic.”
Cas slumps his shoulders a bit. The gesture makes his spine curve inwards, his legs lengthening as they stretch even further off the chair. His hands hang loosely off the wooden back, near touching the floor like the damn Creation of Adam.
“Don’t make me memorise that pain in the ass monologue, Cas.”
“So why were you handing out free hot dogs at the carnival?”
Feels kind of good, actually.
Dean smirks. Judging on the babylonian wall, he won’t have any trouble bringing love to this model.
Maybe it’s only really gay if there’s feelings involved. Like in all those stories about them, there’s often
Cas looks up, frowning.
Whatever Dean was about to say, died on his lips. He wet them with his tongue, blinked rapidly and peered over Cas’s shoulders. A small frown formed between his brows as he watched Kansas perform, in all of their “circa 1978“ glory.
Then he strokes Cas’ hair.
“Dean—“
Oh. Guess he means Jack.
“Fuck off,” Dean says.
, Dean reads. By fellshish.
“Miracle!” he hears Sam yell from a distance. “Come here, boy!”
Cas looks at him a few seconds too long before continuing.
And, dude, what else is he gonna do? He’s out of options.
“Assume your positions!” Richard claps his hands with a waggle of his eyebrows.
Dean watches Sam go, shooting tiny bullets in his back with his eyes.
He shakes his head no when Sam offers him one, wanting his thoughts to be clear for the rest of the quiz.
Soon after, Cas heard Dean get in his car to drive away. Right. His one true endgame — the Impala.
“I thought hurting you might save you from the Empty,” Dean says. He blinks hard and a wet trail leaves his eyes. “And then it didn’t.”
Do they think he’s… hot? Are Christian people allowed to think that?
“You got that from ‘I need you’?”
Dean looks at the little taped crosses on the floor, remembering. Okay, Sam was red, way back when. Dean was green. That means blue is for Cas.
by breathing in and out along with the steady rhythm of
There’s six men and two women, all above sixty years old. Some have brought only pencils and notebooks, but a few of the oldest men are seated behind actual easels, paint brushes at the ready. Oldschool, cool. Dean can totally dig that.
So does Dean.
“Where to, Cas?” Dean asks with a quick smile.
Jensen groans and grabs a bottle of whiskey.
If only there was a fic containing the angel’s thoughts.
Dean’s mind blanks. Nude, that’s what it was like. Nude, then poof, gone.
Upset may be a bit of an understatement, actually.
Was he crying?
He squints at the scene they just filmed, it’s full of highlighted words and little notes in the margin. Huh?
“I’m just saying,” Kevin presses on. “Maybe there is some truth to it?”
Dean thought he might giggle looking straight at Cas, but it’s actually the opposite somehow. His ragged, anxious breaths slowly ease as he watches Cas observe him with deep concentration.
But now he needs Cas. For equilibrium, or something. To complete the still life of two men in a motel room.
“Especially these last few years, we’ve just been living at the bunker, practically raising a kid together. Like - like a couple, without the, um, the sex.”
He unclenches them, but then changes his mind and clenches them up again. Cas probably needs the continuity.
She adds her signature Claire puppy dog eyes.
“Oh but we know that’s a lie, don’t we Dean? I am all powerful,” Chuck says. “It’s just
Cas’ muscled legs poking underneath a towel after a shower in a shitty motel room bathroom.
Dean removes his sticky t-shirt and throws it on the floor. Then, he glances to Cas. He isn’t already asleep, is he? Dean pulls the blanket back on the bed and covers them both. Cas quietly blinks up at him, letting himself be tucked in.
you. If you’ll have me.”
He reads the whole thing.
Dean frowns, confused. She sighs, exasperated.
himself into the bathroom to brush his teeth. He brushes for about 8 minutes or so, because well, you know, he’s just very thorough and hygienic. Doesn’t want any cavities. Hunters have shitty dental coverage.
Cas frowns.
Everyone else appears to be doing the opposite of this. Closet cases, the lot of them!
He can’t say it.
Dean throws the pen he forgot he was holding, to the side, like it’ll give away his clandestine activities. It lands with a loud thump.
Jack doesn’t reply, but Dean can feel the tension radiating out of his body.
“Misha?” Dean says, stumbling over the strange name as he searches the face staring back at him.
This pose is ten minutes long.
“Your boss. Not a date.”
Cas fumbles in his coat’s inside pocket. “There’s one left, if my calculations are correct.”
“Did you notice how ridiculous you sound?”
Dean shakes his head. “You’re coming with me, actually. In Baby. To my motel room.”
“Look, Cas. I just wanted to clear things up.”
No more pussyfooting around it.
“Jack, no!” Dean says. “Go back!”
With a soft kiss, he does.
Fuck.
Dean feels his heart shrink.
Holy fuck.
Dean bites his bottom lip. “I’m sorry, Cas,” he says quietly, and it’s almost as if he’s not even talking about a shoulder anymore.
goes off.
Dean blinks at her, mostly confused.
Why are they — Dean’s annoyed. Why are they woobifying his lil’ dude?
Dean checks his wristwatch. He - they - have an hour. That’s how long the spell will hold the door ajar.
“At being naked.”
“May I?” Cas asks.
Dean swallows.
Should he leave this part of heaven? Hell.
Dean, you’re acting really weird
She picks him up in her car, and drives him straight (not straight) to Dean’s place.
Did he fuck up their whole dynamic by reading too much destiel porn?
Dean draws him back and slams him into the wall again. “Oh, and how many people had to die before you were gonna cancel perv class, huh?”
Cas doesn’t think he’s ever loved Dean more, though that is scientifically impossible.
“You think it’s a…. you don’t think it’s a
“What?”
“When he arrived, the place was buzzing. You’d woken up everyone, Jack. But somehow Cas convinced Billie to silence everyone again, to kill them once over — to put them to sleep.”
See? At least the M/M fic made Dean extremely secure in his sexuality.
Disarmed, he means. Disarmed.
Dean points a finger in his face. “You better start talking. Are any members of the parish against your
Chuck lifts a hand and Dean can feel an invisible force pulling him downward. He struggles against it desperately.
“Yes, I remember. Racist truck, strange scarecrow. You had lots of sexual exploits.”
If Dean feels his heart jump up to his throat, that’s just because he’s getting older, and his body sometimes does… things. After eating cheeseburgers. It’s just that over-thirty inconvenience of having a body, that’s all. What did Bobby call it? Acid reflux.
His fingers press tighter against the stubble of Cas’ cheek as the final screen appears.
“You’re sleeping with me.” Dean clears his throat.
Dean opens the door.
It’s almost like having a hand on his knee.
“You can’t…” Dean says, but then, he looks at his hands and balls them into fists. No more words come out.
“I was
Cas looks away. “No.”
Shameless self-promotion, bro.
“Oh, really, angels have sex?”
Just living with Dean and Cas can drive a grown man a little crazy, that’s all. They haven’t been talking to each other, with Cas often leaving the room whenever Dean comes in. Or the other way around.
Some of the answer options he reads make him giggle, though. “I mean I can call you daddy if you want me to” gets a careful chuckle, except not careful enough because Cas stirs his head. Dean has to freeze for another five minutes staring at this dumb fucking question, so he figures he might as well actually think about his response.
Dean crosses his legs. Settle down, Bilbo.
Cas freezes.
to fuck up even a simple drinking game.
But Jack puts his hands on the sides of Dean’s face, and gently lifts it up.
And he’s holding a box full of pies!
“Well then, you don’t need to be taking off your clothes for money, right?”
Does he? Cas slides his fingers along the condensed glass. He catches Dean following them intently, with a dark, unreadable look.
Sam almost snorts.
Christ, why can’t he stop talking? “And I guess, before, when you were an angel, well, you didn’t swing any kind of way, right? Just doll parts down there? No junk?”
“Um, who’s on top? Me, right?” Dean asks, grinning.
Moving his hand up and down, he manages the shape of a human. Two arms. Two legs. The round dome of a head, elongated lines of a torso.
“It’s not about that, Cas!” Dean raises his voice.
Cas worries his lip. “Yes. It’s not a lot of lines. Only one line actually. For… you.”
It’s what manly men do.
“... your… long term colleague…”
Oh no, no leaving. Not this time. Dean sits up.
“Yes, let’s focus on the guest that’s at the table, everyone,” Mary agrees.
His mind keeps going back to Cas pouring his heart out. He keeps reliving how he destroyed Cas - and for what? Only for the Empty to take him anyway. Cas died thinking that Dean never even cared.
But Dean fought tooth and nail for free will. And then after six months he’s supposed to die on a simple vampire hunt? Does that mean he wasn’t a skilled hunter all that time — that it was just Chuck
flannel. Whew.
Yeah. Like, a solid three hours.
That’s not exactly their kid, he’s a fully grown-up three year old. Who happens to look exactly like Cas. But Sam’s kinda his dad too, and this show isn’t exactly going for ‘sastiel’, huh.
“This is hardly fair,” Cas says in a much lower voice. “You saw me completely naked. For more than an hour.”
“It sure says right here, during the last verse and at the height of the fire, the spell is sealed by an angel’s kiss.”
“And when you repeated it in the Empty…  that’s when I knew. Where the truth was within your words, the ones I had heard repeated a thousand times in the Empty.”
If there happens to be a naked lady in his line of vision, that’s just part of the job.
The hard, hard job.
If Cas could faint again, he would. He is floored.
He presses his lips to Dean’s thumb, like his body is a poem and this is the only way to rhyme.
Tomorrow’s his day off anyway, what a great idea, just great. Just one more sip of whiskey to toast to this idea. He’s young! He can go all night!
Dean grunts as the angel rests both hands on his thigh. They both breathe heavily while the wound slowly disappears, like a mouth closing.
Chuck’s eyes are straight up sparkling now. “Jack. Did you really never ask how Cas ended up in the Empty?”
Cas tries to avert his gaze, but Dean raises his hand to Cas’ cheek. Softly he rubs his thumb across Cas’ jaw.
“And it’s late.”
. Suddenly he’s his dad again, drunkenly coming home. It’s his dad, smelling of brandy as he calls Dean a pansy because he’s crying over
“Fucking
Dean was right. Angels are dicks.
He waits until Dean looks up from the bed. With expectant eyes, Dean silently waits, that familiar emotionless mask almost back in place.
Cas looks away. “It’s okay, Dean. I wasn’t expecting you to love me in that way.”
“Did you see what I have to deal with in here?” Sam signs, hoping to persuade Eileen to return from her hunt sooner.
Is Cas looking at his feet?
Cas frowns at him very thoughtfully.
Dean leans in. “The one with a crack in his chassis, that’s what Chuck was alluding to, isn’t it? God
Please forgive me. Thank you all for screaming at me in the comments yesterday, I loved each and every one of you.
He clicks on a random story. Nothing in particular drew him to it, really. It’s just a coincidence that it’s about Dean masturbating in the shower and accidentally summoning Cas by calling out his name like in a prayer.
Cas is looking at him with eyes wide open as if he’s a deer, and Dean’s a truck heading toward him in the middle of the night, headlamps blazing.
Yeah, Sammy! Maybe I’ll like, open a pie shop. Or a bar, you know?
Jensen is inside Dean’s body. He
“Dean? Is everything okay?”
There're so many questions pressing against the inside of his skull, like they’re banging on the doors of hell. Dean tries so, so hard to keep it sealed.
why are u sending me
No. He couldn’t open his eyes. Possibly ever.
that?
The director steps near. It’s a scrawny looking guy, maybe in his early fifties. Dean could take him in his sleep.
“I’m more than just an angel shell, Dean,” Cas says indignantly. “I’m um, a Christian. A salesman.” What else, what else? “I’m Claire’s dad. I have my own separate identity from Castiel.”
A sound Dean refuses to acknowledge was ever inside him, escapes his lips.
Well. At least the church part.
Dean’s brain pretty much pops like a fuselage. His dick gets, impossibly, even harder, dripping a little precum on the couch.
Wait, he remembers this. It’s a damn television set.
Sam stands up, because this is too much to ask of him without punching his brother. Then Cas would have to heal that dumb grown-up man again and he doesn’t wanna torture the angel any further.
Before this, Dean hadn’t noticed how large Cas’ hands were, how long his fingers. Now, well, he has to. For drawing purposes.
— zap —
Unfortunately this now requires Dean to actually draw.
He takes a step forward, and Cas seems to almost take one back. What in the?
an angel, you know.”
Well, at least this one’s easy peasy. There’s only two answers that contain straightness.
“Yes,” Cas says, but his now illuminated face looks nervous.
The next question’s a little more up his alley.
“Had a little run-in with God,” Sam says.
“Cas died hearing the one man he loved more than anyone, tell him he
“Just
When he opens his eyes, he finds that Cas has stopped drawing. He’s just been sitting there, waiting for Dean.
, something is in Dean’s eye, and he knuckles at it, hand coming away wet for some reason. He lets out an angry sigh.
a bass player? But there was still so much to be taken care of. Invitations, food, decorations …
But Cas speaks first.
He shakes John’s extended hand, gripping a little too tight. John narrows his eyes, but doesn’t yelp.
When Dean steps closer, Cas blinks at him in surprise. But he allows himself to be pulled into Dean’s arms, and Dean hugs him tighter than he ever has. Like he’s trying to make an imprint on his body.
There’s no Sam around to complain about the volume. It’s just him, the road, and the most, uh, appealing case he’s had in years.
Cas got sent to the Empty anyway, even though Dean broke his heart. Now what?
Poor Cas. He looks like he’d rather use his shiny chest to slide off the bed right into a hole in the ground.
His peaceful reading is disturbed when his brother stumbles out of the kitchen, pale as a ghost.
“I’m at the motel, um, the one I booked for the disappearing nude model case. And now, Cas — He disappeared too, Sam!”
“Please?” Jack asks. “It’ll be like a family night.”
This leaves Dean stunned for a few minutes.
“Not any of it?” he repeats after a long pause.
It’s so much. It’s not enough.
But as his hand turns the doorknob, Sam hesitates and slowly turns around.
This is some real good whiskey though. Not as good as the ale he makes at the Family Business Brewing Company. But it definitely works faster.
Dean looks away.
It’s 10 AM and Dean has no patience for niceties. Cas has been missing almost nine hours.
Dean’s train of thoughts brakes before it leaves the station. Next to him, the bespectacled lady from earlier has taken a seat. She’s brought a luxurious notepad, a kneaded eraser and charcoal pencils. Dean's eye for detail immediately connects those to some of the best works on the naked lady wall.
He sighs, and knocks again.
Yeah, makes sense.
wanted...
because he was happy just
Cas turns around abruptly.
The smile immediately dips into a frown.
“Hello, Dean,” a low voice behind him says, and even though he was expecting it, he really totally wasn’t.
the fans w their little forums
Since there are no other spots left, Cas takes a seat opposite Dean around the coffee table.
What kind of snacks
Cas looks like he’s bracing for impact.
He imagines what his body must look like from above, right now, spread on this cheap hard bed, sharing a room with nothing but lewd drawings of himself.
He feels his heart settle, his legs manspread a little. It’s all good. He can do this Dean gig for just long enough to save the guy’s life. So at least in one universe, Dean Winchester can be happy.
“Didn’t you use your own kids as bait on a hunt? Didn’t you send Dean out on his first hunt alone on his seventeenth birthday, where he had to salt and burn the remains of two nuns who were in love with each other?”
Dean ignores him, still blinking at his screen. The fuck is his life? In big, black letters, he rereads:
The Shadow rubs her legs. “What’s in it for me? Why shouldn’t I just keep you wandering around here, until you die and beyond?”
“In fact, if you want to try some of this fanfic lore, we can.” There is a small pause in which Dean probably suffers a small stroke. “Cuddle.”
“Dean, have you considered…”
Sam looks over his shoulder from his usual spot on the floor, taking them in with a frown. Dean throws him a warning look. His brother better not make
“Oh.”
Cas ignores the chair for now and throws one lanky arm over his head, closes his legs and slightly bends them at the knees, and Dean’s brain just… stops.
He’s gonna take that quiz to prove the fans got him wrong. He won’t get the Dean Winchester result. He’ll get whatever’s the straight one. The Cas one, prob’ly.
Sam sighs. How did that even happen?
A decision is being made.
What- motherfucking
above smiting.
Cas just rolls his eyes, turns around and starts walking again. Dean notices a bus stop a little further down the road. It appears Cas is headed exactly here.
Slowly, he raises his hand to rest on Cas’s arm. “Shit, um, I mean. I’m just sorry you thought you couldn’t have this. I’m sorry you thought the highest happiness you could achieve was in just being, and not in actually having. Because you had it, already, you had me. You have me.”
Cas buries his head into Dean’s neck, lips almost touching his shoulder, but not quite. The angel grinds hard upwards now, letting himself awkwardly slip once more along Dean, not quite but almost in between his-
Eileen frowns, still smiling.
Well what? Dean’s sweating. But only because it’s hot in this room. They should lower the A/C. Where’s the A/C.
Sure beats that one terrible doodle Sam made right before Dean got ghost sickness and spent three hours being chased by a bow-topped Yorkie.
The — it — Cas’ — rests on his inner leg like that’s a normal thing, or something. Dean drags his eyes away.
“Don’t you wish he was here?” Claire continues.
He’s crammed against the far wall of the motel bathroom. Cas is still in bed. Dean’s knuckles are white from gripping his cellphone so hard.
A sad smile crosses Cas’ face - this is the worst smile Dean has ever seen.
Dean lets a detached mask slide over his face, the way he did when he had a squirming Alastair on the rack. He pretends Cas is see-through.
Sometimes, when it’s a Drag Race rerun, Dean forgets to turn it off.
And it’s like. He’s seen parts of Cas naked before, so many times actually that he could have Frankensteined a fully nude image of the dude with his brain if he’d ever combined those flashes of skin — which, of course, he hasn’t, ever.
A steady glow rises from the bowl by the fifth verse. It’s placed in the middle of an ancient demonic symbol painted on the floor of the barn they’ve chosen to perform this spell in. The bunker, after all, is supposed to be safe from the likes of Crowley.
“And I’m sorry it took me until now to say it,” Dean says, closing his eyes firmly. “I didn’t know. I didn’t
As he’s lying there flat on his back, chasing his own breathing, he can’t shut out the barrage of thoughts, the onslaught of feelings any longer. What was that? What
Suddenly, a shape appears in their path.
He passes out.
He turned around to Kansas and removed their gags with an angry snap of his fingers. He pointed to the stage in the back of the roadhouse, where he had set up instruments identical to their real life ones.
Jack stares at Chuck, but Dean can’t — he just can’t look at the kid. He can only imagine the heartbreak on his face right now.
Dean thinks back on other people who’ve seen him naked in his life. His parents, obviously. And the doctors and nurses when he was born. But that wasn’t his choice.
Cas doesn’t answer, and simply stares out the window, into the darkness of the night. Dean blinks at him. His neck sure does look nice and slim in that shirt. Maybe it
Dean swallows hard. Cas clearly didn’t expect him here either.
“Just, you know. So we can be equals. I show you mine since you showed me yours.”
Dean clears his throat and finds another story. Just to get a complete picture here. He’s gotta know what these crazies are writing. This is all in the name of
The damn alarm goes off. Dean looks at the barely-even imprint of Cas on his page. He sighs and turns it over to start the next sketch.
Another answer makes him even more angry. “When your siren is the same gender”. Uhhh dude. No. That was one time. And it didn’t mean shit. He just liked all the same music and was really cool, that's all.
His throat runs dry.
Because they’re
“What do you mean?” Dean frowns.
You know what? His fish are cool. He can’t believe whoever wrote that episode read him so hard in The French Mistake. So he’s an animal lover, what about it. Nothing wrong with that. It can get lonely on set, y’know.
Cas levels him with one look. “You may change your position.”
Dean moved and sat down next to him, pulling two beers from the cooler beside them. He opened them and handed one to Cas.
Dean feels all air leave his body.
Well, not literally. On the show. Sure. Sure.
Hell, Billie’s body is on the floor, next to her scythe, and bent over her is a creature made of black goo.
one of the greatest rock bands ever after all.
of hope, of happiness.
Dean scoffs. He’s not twelve years old, he hasn’t thought about his dad in like — a while. Sure, John wasn’t perfect, but whose dad ever is? Parents are human, and John Winchester tried his best.
He rushes back to the bedroom, and flips on the light.
heavy! Those arms would definitely get likes on the social media.
Cas nods smugly. “Never have I ever… been deathly afraid of a yorkie.”
Good thing that he’s half hard, because he wouldn’t want Cas to think he has a small dick, especially after seeing what Cas has been hiding in those reasonable slacks of his.
Crap.
Dean throws the remote at his dumb face and marches out the door.
“Strong shake you got there, boy,” John says, turning to Dean with a short nod. “Who is this again?”
God, Dean needs to stop moving and take three deep breaths or he’s gonna explode. It feels so warm and good. Fuck, ok, ok fuck. Slow.
“My sweet dummy, don’t you know? They’re in love.”
No goodbye.
Dean clears his throat. “That’s right, Cas. Come on, we deserve a night without worries. Just like the good old days.”
Sam is pretty sure he’s losing his mind.
Cas briefly closed his eyes, and turned around. They stood unmoving, the four of them, awkwardly watching a rock band perform in an empty venue.
Cas slips against his crack again, and Dean friggin’ mewls.
They’re actual idiots.
“I may be new to this ‘human’ thing,” Cas interrupts, doing the air quotes passive aggressively. “But I do know I am meant to feel shame.” He pauses, then clarifies just in case Dean forgot what transpired the last few fucking hours.
Dean can’t linger on that too long, and reaches for the glass of whiskey Sam’s already poured him. He downs it in one go.
Fuck. He’s been going about this all wrong. He needs to make clear to Cas that he’s not here to make fun of him. It’s all business.
Whatever.
Dean looks absolutely tortured by the long silence that follows.
Dean takes a step back, befuddled entirely. Wasn’t that an Emmy worthy performance or what?
“I would never!”
He goes through his mental list. There were some quick hookups in there, actually, where he didn’t remove all his clothing. Even if the girl was fully naked.
Oh, he’s definitely going to have to receive confession after this.
And if not, Dean’s got a few editorial, um — notes for the apostles and prophets.
“Yes, because people are fucking
Dean’s dick is. A rocket. Aiming for the sky. To think Cas is the one who’s causing
Sam nods. “She’ll be back from that Arkansas hunt soon.”
They both breathe in heavy unison.
If he feels a little hot, that’s just because he’s under a thick blanket. And you know, if something is stirring underneath the sheets, that’s just, um, a normal reaction to reading sex words. It’s just like watching porn and looking at the guy too, because he’s just in the shot, you know? Can’t help but see him.
Awkwardness avoided!
. He should stop talking like a damn fanfic Dean. “Um, I mean - I’m staying in a motel room, you’re slee… coming with me.”
At no point Cas has trembled harder than now. Oh no. Does Cas feel tense? Dean kneads his fingers, making circling motions on Cas’s back, soothing him.
. Dean is mindlessly pounding into him now. He thrusts harder just to hear him moan, just to hear that fucked up so good whimper come out of that divine throat.
“It’s nothing,” Dean says, voice measured.
They all smile.
He chooses the picture of Baby, because duh.
Did he want…
? Dean chokes on the whiskey.
“I love you, Cas.”
“Sir, these packages arrived for you.”
Human is very much what he looks like now. Fragile.
“No. It’s not what you think, Cas. Let me explain. When you told me about the deal with the Empty, I panicked. I panicked! I was standing there watching you blow up your whole life, blow up
Wait. Is this about being gay??
. He is sweating like a bull on a Spanish summer’s day. “I’m, um, I need to go over my lines.”
The Shadow squints at them.
It’s Cas’ dick, leaking into his t-shirt.
there? I told you I was free to come along on this case… Nevermind, why has Cas disappeared? I thought it was only the nude models.”
Oh no. Cas is not homophobic, right?
“But I couldn’t help but notice you seemed…
Dean remakes Cas’ bed, then lies on his own mattress. To humor Sam.
That ain’t gay, though. It’s just a fact. And Dean has no issues saying it. No toxic masculinity in sight. He can admire beautiful things. And Cas is exquisite.
me. I was always this Dean, but you just didn’t wanna see it. I let you keep your dumb beliefs that I had an ounce of humanity in me still. Truth is, the only interesting feature about you is that you’re an angel, Sammy and I, we could use your supernatural strength.”
“What do you mean?” Cas asks, averting his eyes.
Now that his guilt’s been somewhat assuaged by Cas’ blanket reassurances, Dean is back to the whole… nudity thing. He’s seen Cas naked — though, to be fair, who knows how many people have seen the dude naked by now? In a 25 mile perimeter?
“I get that you’re nervous. Take a minute to get back into the zone, my dude,” the director says. “Great work so far.”
“Oh,” Cas says. “I see. I suppose now
To see Dean.
Dean huffs a short laugh. See, it’s funny, isn’t it Cas? See? See?
“Jack…” Sam continues. “If they could be here.”
“What did the French do now?
Just great.
“Can’t. I still have wine,” she says as she simultaneously refills her empty glass.
Jack takes his turn. “Never have I ever driven the Impala without a driver’s licence.”
He tries not to smile too proudly at himself. Making it up as he goes along!
He’d normally hang that up neatly, but this life hasn’t exactly been normal, has it? Cut a man some slack in end times.
Dean shakes his head in disbelief at himself. Why did he have to fucking word vomit like that? Those fans have
He closes his eyes and prays to Cas.
“If you want. But, the bunker…”
Dean sucks in a breath. He shouldn’t be admiring Cas like this, really. But maybe it’s just the artist in him, the Michelangelo in him.
“Is there anything else you want to try, Dean?” Cas asks, and it’s really not fair to hear that voice
“What? What are you talking about?”
Cas must really love drawing.
Dean feels a little twinge in his heart. But he needs to push through this. Cas has been acting damn weird. He pulled away from the hug, and he’s been avoiding Dean all day, always finding an excuse to leave the room.
Monsters are easy. You see ‘em, you gank ‘em.
Little bits of Dean.
“I was a man who believed in demons before I believed in angels. That was who I was, Cas.”
Dean smiles at him reassuringly. Hell, it’s not as if
Sam translates for Eileen, who just shakes her head incredulously. Almost simultaneously so with Cas, who has one hand on his doorknob still.
“Never have I ever been threatened by a device set up to hit people in the groin at a Japanese game show,” Cas says, and Sam and Dean clink glasses, grinning broadly.
“Call me buddy,” Cas grunts, lowly, dangerously, “one more time.”
him, okay. Better yet, don’t even let him leave on that hunt. Have other hunters take care of that one.”
Bumfuck nowhere is definitely the wrong word choice.
Dean takes a few deep breaths before he rolls his shoulders and opens the door. Uh oh. Cas is sitting straight up in bed. The streak of light from the bathroom illuminates the dark look on Cas’ face. He’s glaring.
“I know, I know,” Richard grovels. “A lot of fans are defending you too, though.”
“Um…” Dean’s eyes dart wildly around the room.
“You’re not real.”
become a hunter because of Castiel?”
“He just vanished, man. One moment he was right there—“
Besides, Cas didn’t have time to be sad about Dean riding Baby all day long. There was work to do.
good features?
“You know he’s doing it on purpose, right?”, she signs.
Dean waits in the parking lot for Cas to leave the building. He’s leaning against Baby, arms crossed. Like a perfect picture of Relaxed.
His eyes do not wander.
“No, don’t. Don’t do that. This is not about my speech, because I stand by every word, Dean.” Cas takes a step closer. “I mean, I know you don’t see me that way, but…”
“I don’t know what you mean, Dean.” He sounds annoyed. “Please, leave me alone.”
“How dare you show your face in here again?”
Dean’s breath hitches in his throat.
“I know, I-“
He’s got all night.
It’s five in the morning before Dean’s body gives out from exhaustion.
“Hello, D….” Cas stops himself. “Good evening.”
Dean drops his arms, as if released from a sick spell.
Cas slips his drawing mysteriously to the underside of the stack of paper, and looks at Dean expectantly.
“What’s happening?” Eileen signs.
There’s more to Cas’ gaze than some random fruit would elicit.
Nothing but the sound of breathing. And then, a whimper, though Sam is unsure who exactly made the sound.
“Wow, that’s method, Misha,” a familiar voice says, and Dean snaps his head.
Dean glimpses over his shoulder. He can see Cas shoving his underwear just right over his balls, exposing his hard dick.
“Waf haffened?” Claire asks.
Problem is, Cas doesn’t seem to ‘get over’ it.
Dean’s Cas sketches are burning holes into his back pocket where he discreetly tucked them before leaving the choir practice space. No way was he was gonna hang those among the others, on the Wall of Defilement. The Christian spank bank.
He sighs, looking at Cas salivating on his shoulder. Rude.
Dean swallows.
Shit, Jensen hasn’t actually learned his lines yet for this episode.
Crowley laughs loudly. “You only needed a peck on the forehead, mate.”
He pushes Cas toward his little taped cross on the floor. Thank god he’s done this before. He’s basically a seasoned actor now.
Cas understood.
Dean closes his eyes. Focuses on just the concept of physical shape, the outline of his own body as if it’s carved out by the air itself. Like a statue emerging from a block of marble.
Cas just looks at him silently, his face unreadable and dark.
No. Absolutely no way. He crosses his arms firmly. “I’m not getting out of this car, Claire.”
Richard clears his throat to get their attention. “We’ll take it from the
They kiss. CARRY ON MY WAYWARD SON starts playing, but it’s the version we know from 10x05 FAN FICTION.
Finally, the screen announces his responses have coded him as Cas.
Cas blinked at Jack. “Oh no. I haven’t even been able to get confetti cannons yet. I have to get the appetizers in the oven!”
Then, Cas pulls back, and Dean keeps his gaze firmly on the floor.
“Never have I ever… had grace,” he says.
Dean looks up at him, still feeling a little self conscious about his perky nipples just out here in the damn breeze. “Um, no, didn’t find the script. Did you?”
Dean’s more nude than ever.
Cas, in all his glory.
No reply. Just silence, and creepy staring and god his chest is nice, amazing what a little makeup can do huh? Of course, Dean knew that already from accidentally bingewatching Drag Race.
“Barbara,” Dean admonishes her, but he can’t help it when his lips tug up into a smile.
How much longer?
Why is Cas doing this? What good is the angel in the Empty? Can’t he see? They just gotta hold out long enough for her mortal wound to do Death in, damn it.
A spell is cast. Something unnamed, released.
Cas nodded. Of course, Cas had long come to terms with the idea that Dean would someday die. He’d just expected it to be after years had passed and his embarrassing final words had been forgotten. Or at least after the party hats from heaven’s Amazon arrived.
He killed Cas. It’s true. He killed him.
“Did you… sleep with him?”
Billie’s scythe scrapes against the door.
It comes out much harsher than he expected. He feels bad immediately.
Magic, and divinity. A living fossil of everything, primordial, ancient, and eternal.
“Heaven!” Richard exclaims, and Dean’s not sure if it’s a joke or a metaphor or what.
. Now go home.”
Suddenly, a figure materialises next to him.
It drops with a soft thump to the floor.
He catches Cas looking at him, with what? Resignation, almost.
Dean lifts his other hand to Cas’ cheek.
“Okay, Dean. If you’re comfortable.”
Pastor Richard’s alarm goes off before Dean has even drawn one single line on the paper. He looks at the white surface with a slight frown. How’s he supposed to do this?
The doorbell rings.
Not Dean. No.
“What?”
Sam meanwhile is bending over the old manuscript again, sifting through the details of the spell.
“They cuddle, man! It’s super gay!”
would seem a little close for two best friends. Could be confusing for some people.
“Right, Cas. But um, the motel room’s actually nearby and not in the next city over. And we don’t know what you’re up against…”
“Cas!”
Cas swallows hard. “Yes, Dean. I just found Misha’s phone earlier and ehm...”
Hurrying into the bathroom like a bull seeing red and pulling jeans over his legs in a blind panic — wiping up the cum that’s been trickling down — doesn’t help either.
“Cas-,” Dean says, and it’s the first time Sam has heard him say that name in weeks. If he didn’t know better, Sam would say he sounded
Fuck. Okay. He’s gotta make sure they’re on the same page here.
He can’t accidentally forget these. He decides to stuff them in the bottom of his duffel bag instead.
“Your turn now, Dean,” Sam says. Dean hasn’t even paid attention to who’s been drinking. And how does Jack know about hickeys anyway? Has he been leaving his computer unlocked again?
He feels himself flush, and clears his throat. He tries to pick up the towel without actually bending over, which turns out to be quite hard.
“You okay, man?”, he asks hoarsely.
your kind, Castiel.”
“I play the part of Dean Winchester in some sort of parallel universe,” Jensen quickly explains. “Um, we had this one episode called The French Mistake where Dean got zapped into our universe for a second by Balthazar and…”
John stands up, chair pushed back. He turns to Dean. “You’re gonna let an angel condom talk to me like this, boy? Open your damn mouth for once and tell him to get out.”
Cas looks puzzled. “What?”
Then he remembers he’s here to fix things, not follow them by the book.
Not that there’s a lot of other, um, small things. Cas is of course not aroused by the situation of a class of religious grandpas and his best friend gazing upon his Adam’s costume. But Dean has eyes. He couldn’t
Sam burps in his face.
It’s just what pops into his mind, because why not, it’s such a popular tag, right? He’s been beat to death with it. He even clicked on it once just to see how many fics contained frottage. And then sorted them by kudos.
How to even start squashing these butterflies?
“Dean?” Cas asks from the book shelf where he’s been rearranging books. The division should be per earth era first and arranged alphabetically only second, according to a very righteous Cas.
Well, joke’s on Cas, because this gives Dean the opportunity to actually indulge in him.
Cas, who’s noticed the sound, shoots him a confused glare. Dean quickly puts his pencil to the page as cover, pretending he was just drawing the whole time.
“Sam! How do I kill it?”
Nothing is fine.
Then, he looks at his glass. He thinks of Benny. A vampire - not a man. So he could sit this one out. Stay safely hidden in plain sight.
He’s fucked. Figuratively. Because he wouldn’t wanna be, literally. By Cas. Because he’s straight.
Sam can’t even see blood, for fuck’s sake.
“Stop! Stop.” Cas ordered, and Kansas abruptly quit playing.
“They’re not what?”
Sam laughs loudly, earning a confused look from Eileen and a murderous one from Dean.
Making sure that Cas knows that it’s okay to sleep.
He curses this bar.
him. The moment of happiness that would kill Cas…
Cas locks eyes with Dean, sets his jaw and throws off the robe in one swift, dramatic move.
, Cas finishes his sentence.
Suddenly, Dean notices that Cas is looking at him again, intense and curious.
I love you, Dean signs.
“Never have I ever… kissed a human,” Sam says, smiling knowingly at Cas.
He tries very hard to keep breathing normally.
And what about Cas? It says in the script — the angel’s alive and well in heaven. So he’s just not going to save Dean after sacrificing so much to keep him alive?
“Oh, I’m sorry, Dean. I didn’t realize. Do you want to stop?”
Cowabunga.
For full effect, he tucks his dick away best he can between his outstretched legs.
“I’m pastor Richard, we spoke on the phone?”
“You said,
And in a way it disappoints Dean - that Cas is starting to believe it. So easily.
More and more, his dick gets caught a little in Cas’ rim, almost, just barely, slipping almost in - then out. How will he cope? This is, fuck, fuck - then finally, his tip slips completely inside.
Serves him right for starting Lucifer’s favorite game,
“I don’t wanna have to worry about you, Cas.”
“I have a few ideas,” Cas says. “Two. Ideas.”
He says it so matter-of-fact that Dean is momentarily stunned.
Dean blinks furiously. Outside, the moon has breached the clouds and is shining weak rays of light in, increasing the visibility around them and making Dean suddenly very conscious of this whole scene.
done the thing, you drink. If you haven’t, you don’t drink.”
Okay, this was the unplanned bonus chapter that totally ran away from me. I love misunderstandings, I love angsty drinking games. I hope you do too.
Gross. How dare they even put Crowley and him in one sentence? Though they are right about one thing — they couldn’t be more different, Crowley and Dean.
He cannot believe his life right now. In some stupid street on a boring Wednesday morning, he’s burning titty art like some Republican housewife.
Only a few seconds later, Cas leaves through the other door, and Sam turns the laptop back around.
Glub glub.
Sam frowns. Something’s been off between those two, ever since Jack pulled Cas out of the Empty and dropped him off at the bunker.
Dean looks downright struck. If Sam didn’t know better he'd think his brother was about to faint. He keeps closing his eyes and then opening them again, trying to find words, to name things he’s perhaps never dared to name, not even once.
“I thought for a long time that
“I know it’s you, dumbass!”
Hell, Dean will grant that permission. He moves his right hand to the back of Cas’ head, combing his fingers through his hair reassuringly.
Jensen can’t help but grin. If only Sam knew which words were said…
“Ah, well. We do.”
Dean looks at his feet, and why do his cheeks feel so hot?
Cas stares at him. Thankfully it’s not awkward now.
Some of the stories don’t even take place in this universe. Those are just plain unnerving. Cas wouldn’t open a coffeeshop. Would Dean start a tattoo parlor though? Maybe. It’d be pretty cool.
Dean stands up and faces Cas, swallowing hard.
She shakes Dean’s shoulders desperately.
There’s no escaping. No looking away.
His gaze falls on the scattered drawings on the floor. The ones Cas made when Dean was posing for him.
He’s also alone, and buried in some bunker in a universe where the scariest things exist. Jensen shivers. He’s just an actor, actually. He doesn’t even really have a give ‘em hell attitude. What if he’s stuck here?
Determination sets Cas’ jaw. He lets go of Dean’s dick entirely, quickly getting up and taking Dean by the shoulders.
Dean’s eyes grow wide.
And now Cas seems to have come back on his words. He’s a shadow in the bunker, more and more resembling a memory every day, and Dean’s world seems all the more empty for it.
Jensen thinks very hard. He decides to be honest.
It sure is responding.
“My what?” Dean blinks at the assbutt angel.
“Oh like you explained earlier?” Chuck interrupts. “Jack, Dean is too much of a coward to tell you the truth. What does he think you are? A child?”
“What? Why?”
This tv version Dean and Cas apparently are written as secretly in love. Odd choice, but nothing’ to be done about that except just rolling with it. Literally. He opens his mouth against Cas and slowly slides the tip of his tongue along that gorgeous bottom lip of his. Cas’s breath hitches and the angel stills completely against Dean.
Cas stares at him, and it’s uncomfortable. Being… seen. Dean’s breath hitches, and he feels like he’s going to be the first person to suffocate just by forgetting how to move his own chest up and down.
“It’s Jimmy, actually.” It leaves his mouth before he knows it, and Dean’s outstretched hand stops mid-air. The lopsided smile on his face drops.
He very naturally sits sideways on the couch, one foot touching the floor, one leg up against the inner mouth of the sofa. His dick’s lying casually between. No big deal. (More than average though, Dean swears.)
Oh Chuck. Why was this the only universe left?
Even if there was a little too much swearing to truly please a holy being, the heart of the message was there. Because Dean does love Cas back, even if he couldn’t say it because of, well, script rewrites and suits.
Tears sting behind his eyes. The heaviest words still lay on his tongue.
“Well I for one am glad you’re not Cas,” John intervenes with the worst possible sentence. Something turns in Cas’s gut.
His brain spirals.
That’s fine by Dean.
This throws Dean.
“Tell me. Again.” There was a silent
All the participants take a new canvas. Dean hands Barbara back her eraser and crosses his legs, trying to get comfortable again.
“Two minutes now,” the pastor says. “Ready when you are, Steve.”
Then, he rolls his hips upwards. Cas moans,
Kansas, it turned out, had
He admits it begrudgingly. In a way, it’s… compelling, okay? This Cas is really complimentary to Dean, actually. Saying everything he ever did was for love, and all that bull.
Dean looks over his shoulder with a pleased smile.
Cas seems to stop breathing.
Maybe, for the first time, being seen. As he is.
“Cas, what’s wrong?” He sounded worried.
done that,” Cas sounds a little annoyed.
The reception to this fic has been a light in my life. Thank you guys so much for reading. I hope this second chapter was ehm, satisfactory.
“Thank… you?” Dean stutters out, holding the phone gingerly.
“What do we do, Dean?” Cas suddenly asks quietly. “In the little stories.”
Eileen walks over to him and puts her hands on both his shoulders. “Dean, did you know hearing people also have
She shrugs, gesturing to the car door.
“Is this for the light show? Go through our management, man,” a guitarist said. “Though if this is a pitch, I’m not that impressed.”
“What do you mean?” Dean can feel himself quickly sobering up.
Cas blinks.
“Cas. Stop,” he tries.
. And then he is caught between that hope and the desperate desire to be the first, and the only person to tell Cas these things, over and over again.
After about half an hour of inwardly cursing in the dark, he reaches over to the extra table to retrieve his cell phone. It’s
While Dean burns his eyeballs reading the horrible title of this weird little test, another text message pops up.
A small noise escapes Cas’ throat. What - what does this noise mean? Dean is unsure, of everything, except the fact he is clinging to it with all his might and wants more. More of this.
And — lap access. He looks down at Cas fondly.
there at a concert? Why did Jack put him in charge? The only thing he’d ever organised was a garrison. And a supply closet, once, when he got bored.
wouldn’t abandon Cas, no.
Claire downs her whole glass of wine. Mary refills both their glasses as if on autopilot.
Cas watches him leave, and doesn’t say another word that whole evening.
Yeah, okay. So Dean
Cas looks up, and the sight is just gorgeous. Dark, messy hair that matches his lashes. Lips slowly moving upwards Dean’s dick.
——————
The director’s skin starts sizzling, his eyes bulging, his fingers cracking, whole body twisting harder than in a Roald Dahl novel.
unnecessary.
But Cas doesn’t even acknowledge the big sausage-shaped elephant in the room. He just starts drawing.
Calm down, he chastises himself. It’s not like Cas is getting off on this or anything.
Hell. Looking back, he would have killed Cas with his own bare hands if it meant just touching him one last time.
He can feel Cas’s breath on his lips. Wait, is Cas trying to re-enact something here? Jensen tries hard not to think anything inappropriate, to not accidentally pray anything at him.
Why would he…
“That’s okay, I’ll have coke.”
Would he flirt with himself?
What’s with this thirsty lady?
Dean is somewhere between complete bewilderment and total downward spiral.
Cas’s shoulders sagged. What did he expect? Apart from, you know, eternal death by black goo. Happiness isn’t in the having, he reminded himself. It’s in just saying it. And now it was said, the answer certainly shouldn’t matter to him! So what if Dean drove away? He hoped Dean and his car would be very happy together.
A knot loosens slightly inside Dean’s chest as he guides Baby into Idaho Falls to the familiar tune of
“He umm, got impaled on a nail,” Jack explained.
“We can,” Cas says, making no movement whatsoever.
He feels the tension leave Cas’ body as he slowly relaxes against him, and it’s almost perfect, if it weren’t for Sam being there and like, sending him nonsense quizzes.
“I’ll give you one chance,” the Shadow says, sounding slightly bored already. “Before I come for you. You have fifteen minutes.”
Short pause.
“Dean?” Cas asks.
Dean’s hand cramps around his pencil, it’s a miracle it hasn’t broken yet.
Smiling wide, he opens the bathroom door, and finds Cas sitting on one of the beds in just his underwear. It’s tight and black, or perhaps dark blue. Hard to see in just the light of a bedside lamp.
Dean’s eyes softened. “Talk to me.”
“I don’t want to make you feel uncomfortable.”
He grabs a beer from the fridge next to him, allowing its soothing, cool comfort to slide down his throat.
But this isn’t about him. This is for Cas.
It’s the easiest pose. It’s the hardest.
for the
Dean turns his head back to Cas, licks his lips, takes a breath, starts to say something but then reconsiders.
“It’s dangerous for you here, Jack. The Empty has unfinished business with you. It could… I couldn’t…”
Dean looks around helplessly. This is the first time he’s been in this room since it was permanently assigned to Cas, and he notices how empty it still is.
… share a bed,” he admits. Prob’ly better not to mention any of that bondage stuff or anything. And he’s definitely not ready to talk Omegaverse.
It’s a bed.
But this with Cas. It’s something else entirely.
That much sign language, Dean has learned already.
What was Barb talking about,
Dean braces himself for a second, then goes through all his findings. The people he spoke to. Pastor Richard, if that’s even his real name. Horny Barb. French beret guy. The wall of drawings. The absence of hex bags as far as he could tell. The lay-out of the church.
“Did Cas complain about any pain?”
. Somehow. Somehow Cas was staying upright while all of heaven began swaying around him. It felt like all the air was sucked from every angel’s mouth. All of time whirled around Cas, like a tornado carrying a little house to Oz.
But Cas looks like he’s going off to his death.
Cas looks up, eyes filled with tears.
Sam looks a little hurt.
God, he’s hard.
He turns over in the bed. Oh. No, not bed - more like a pillow on the floor with an empty bottle poking into his back.
He stares at his work. It’s too harsh, he decides. What Cas is… it’s less definable than these hard lines, but they aren’t willing to budge.
“And?”
Both are, in a manner of speaking — places they grew up in, respectively.
Dark, consuming grief that swallows him whole.
around his finger.
He grabs one of the scripts lying around, flipping through the thing.
Dean has to stop again, otherwise he’d seriously already blow his load.
“Subtext.”
Unlike Rose, Dean decides to avoid any further eye contact with Cas. He can hear the guy sketching away. He’s taking this really seriously, Dean supposes. That’s fine.
next?
“Then I see this…” He gestures to the room.
is empty when Dean comes back.
And Cas —
Then they have to exchange only one look before they rush to the surveillance room. On several of the screens, there is live footage of Dean and Cas.
“Reasons Dean loves Cas…. back.”
ON DEAN/JENSEN. He shuts the box of pies close. He no longer has an appetite. He points a finger at Sam.
Dean clicks on it. It loads unbearably slowly. Why would Kevin send him a damn fic, hasn’t he done enough damage? The familiar font appears.
Cas stops wearing the coat. He puts on clothes he thinks a middle class Christian dad would wear. He parts his hair like it’s the dead sea. He wears a cross around his neck.
You were right, I did everything for love.
“But Cas,” he tries a crooked smile, but the words somehow come out bitterly. “You saw how it was. The stuff those delusional fans wrote about you… They’re not…”
Jensen hauls himself upright and moves his reluctant body to the door, only dressed in boxer shorts and an unreleased Radio Company shirt. A new album cover design he’s playing with, definitely not based on brokebacknatural. He wouldn’t even know what that is.
Cas opens his bedroom door after just one knock. He looks furious.
Dean chuckles. “You have a weird sense of humor, Jimmy.”
Good, Cas thought. People came! He wasn’t a failure at party planning after all.
Cas tries to turn away, but Dean keeps his head firmly between his fingers.
“Sit still, Dean,” Cas says, dropping down to his knees beside him.
Dean wiggles his toes, keeping his eyes pinned to them. He can hear Cas inhale sharply.
Dean moves his lips against Cas’ closed mouth, as if to tell him:
Sam is the last to sit down. “It’s simple. We each take turns making a statement about things we’ve never done. If you
“Where is he?”
He reaches for Cas’ hand, which seems to confuse him briefly, before Cas hooks his fingers in his. Gently, Dean draws him closer. Cas seems unable to look at him.
They drive in dead silence.
Dean grips Cas tighter.
Suddenly, the roadhouse’s doors opened behind them. Two silhouettes in the shape of the Winchesters appeared, and Cas could swear time stopped altogether.
“What do you mean, man?”
“What?” Sam asks, frowning up at him. “We’ve barely started, you’ve drank only a few sips…”
Dean plops onto the motel’s horrible, a little too sticky couch and Kate Winslets all over it.
He glances at the thick hair sticking up — if Dean weren’t straight he’d probably call it sex hair — and merging with the dark colors of Dean's pajama-clad shoulder. He puts his phone down for a second to carefully smooth it out, just so it’s not in Cas’ closed eyes anymore, putting him at risk of getting tickled right out of his sleep.
Dean walks up to Cas, and gets on his knees in front of him, forcing their eyes to meet. Yep. Very heterosexual.
Cas needs to think fast. Really sell this dead salesman charade.
“Right, Cas should also only do shots, since angels need more alcohol to really become drunk. Liquor store level, remember Cas? But you stick to sips from now on, Dean,” Sam scolds him.
Cas unearths two silver rings and shoves one over his ring finger and one over Dean’s.
HONK!
Dean clears his throat. Let’s see… on a scale from 0 to torture sessions in hell?
“Shut up,” Jack says.
“Jensen, haha, funny prank,” Gabriel continues, carefully unpeeling Dean’s fingers. He straightens his shirt. “But yeah, we’ll have to reshoot that without the, um, disgusted flinching away.”
Sam slams the door closed behind him and turns to a confused Dean trying to find his footing.
Yeah, plenty of people have told him he’s real easy on the eyes. (Though, his mind unhelpfully supplies, never Cas.)
It’s like a dagger to Dean’s heart. One he planted there himself.
Inwardly, Jensen is cheering the guy on. Damn right, Sam.
wander down.
“Yes, Dean. I am familiar with the activity.”
When Dean keeps looking at him expectantly, he takes a sip. “Mmm,” he says. “Definitely doesn’t taste like molecules.”
,” Cas says. “That it was fine. We could just pretend and move on.”
He looks at Cas, who’s already maneuvered out of his trench coat and oh god, his chest is getting makeup on it?!
“I know that, Jimmy,” Dean says, frowning.
“Dean, no.” Sam sounds exasperated. “First you flee in alcohol—”
And yet.
“Cas.” More a breath than a name.
What, they’re trying to be funny or something?
Cas looks away.
Jensen frowns at the screen.
“I know you’re not Dean,” Cas says.
They hold each other’s gaze.
He blinks at the papers, and peels them open, just one last time.
Cas places his right hand on Dean’s shoulder. Where he always puts it - over the scar. Ever since they met, Cas has been Dean’s missing puzzle piece.
“I don’t have wings anymore, Dean.”
But the two star crossed lovers are too preoccupied in their own weird little scenario to pay them any mind.
Dean visits Cas in his room that evening. The angel is sitting on his bed, his face shrouded in shadow. He visibly tenses when Dean opens the door.
“What?”
He smirks. Cas isn’t laughing.
Dean smooths the lines of his face into a professional mask as he walks through the doors of a room that doubles as a choir practice area three days a week.
“Cas, Cas,” he says, and Cas immediately releases Dean’s dick from his mouth’s grasp, brows jumping together with concern.
He walks out.
Wait, not Jared. Sam.
at it, confused. Then, Cas pushes Dean onto the floor.
Maybe, out in the real world — the
“Oh no, Dean. You haven’t checked it in a while, right?”
Not that Dean is gay or anything. No no. This is just for demonic summoning purposes. Strictly business.
That must mean he’s enjoying it, right?
Dean just about gets three heart attacks.
Dean keeps his eyes wide open as he takes a sip  - heck, more like a whole ass
his dad in the last minutes of his life.
Dean blinks. What does that mean?
“I remember every word of your speech, Cas, every syllable, I’ve played it over and over in my head.”
“This is another flavor of torture, but I laugh in your face. I am an angel of the Lord. Think I haven’t been through worse? Send me back to my dream, you are making a fool out of yourself.”
Cas downs another shot. “Barely feel a thing,” he comments. “I
Friggin’ rings and a kiss. Suddenly man bun universe doesn’t sound that bad, Fiat and all.
“Dean, wake up! Cas sacrificing his life while telling you he loves you, is a sign! Cas always leaving his room an hour before you usually wake up just to turn up the heating? A sign!”
Is his foot weird?
Cas just very steadily holds his gaze. “Let me draw you,” he breathes.
“Okay,” Dean says. “If you need more time.”
as a person.”
“There was this passage… Honestly, it’s a long shot but we think they might reappear if you destroy all images of the models.”
Dean shakes his head. “No, I…”
Now the guy seems nervous, too.
in hell.” Dean says quietly,
“Dean - you don’t have t-”
The fifth time, Sam accidentally witnesses it.
That’s what she said.
“Leave the drawings,” the director says.
Dude. Is he making that devilish device louder each time?
It’ll make a reprise on the way back.
“Iggy?”
Dean’s dick responds with a longing twitch.
” Kansas sang, calling Cas out. Rude!
Because of course he can’t just leave Cas standing there all dazed and confused.
“Cas, this wasn’t…” He looks for the right words.
Cas swallows. “I thought you’d want your space. After… what I said.”
After getting his heart rate down
“How about
Why does Dean feel so
, damn it.
When Jensen wakes up a few hours later, it’s to a new Kripke email. Still half asleep, he thumbs it open.
“Look, Cas,” Dean starts, looking at the floor more than at Cas. “It’s like a quiz these fans made, based on the Supernatural books. Remember those?”
Misha in a trenchcoat. It’s a celestial being. A force so large, noble, brave and surreal that it can barely be contained.
“Pretend what?” he says, softly. “I never…”
Sam was never one for subtlety.
Soon, Cas turns and latches onto him in an awkward hug - awkward not because they just had sex, oh no, but because Dean’s head is pressed against Cas’ still naked chest. Cas’ arms wrap around him and hold on tight. And somewhere above his navel, Dean feels a pressing urgency.
BLACKOUT.
“I sensed it the second I laid eyes on you.”
“Why don’t you care about sexuality, Cas?” The question spills over his lips. His voice sounds much smaller than he’d like.
“Okay, how do I kill it?”
Appropriate, given the circumstances, Cas supposes.
This is ridiculous.
He needs to know Cas is ok.
Dean pants and lifts both hands to Cas’ hand on his chest. He needs an anchorpoint. Or perhaps more like a life preserver.
. Some sort of prude creature that caused the burning of a lot of religious images back in the 16th century.”
, anyway,” Jack said.
Cas, right? As weird as it was to be kissing his best friend, his mate, his bro, his buddy, it would be even weirder kissing someone named...
The whole team (Cas) had agreed Dean’s favorite music should be playing. Unfortunately, Cas didn’t have much to go off for Dean’s musical taste. That mixtape Dean made for him only had the same band’s songs over and over.
He watches his literal burning desire.
“No - didn’t Claire die young because of that little bent angel?”
Okay. Dean's gonna fix this.
And then, it’s like friggin’ Pompeii. They stay frozen like that, like monuments trapped in time stopped by some primordial force of nature.
Like Dean wouldn’t recognise the dude just because he cosplayed Spielberg. He curls his fingers around the collar of Gabriel’s dark green shirt.
“Dean?” Sam eventually says.
Dean moves the beret guy to the top of his watchlist and looks suspiciously around the room. He’s starting to feel a little uneasy about all these people seeing this much of Cas.
They’re just depictions of events that happen to be true.
“Can I talk to you?” He directs the question to Cas, trying to pitch his voice up an octave. It comes out a half-strangled squeak. “Privately.”
Sam taps his fingers impatiently.
Cas completely stills.
Dean’s even more lucky, he thinks while watching the lights from the tv shine over the top of Cas’ head.
“You can’t take him!” Dean threatens the goo, eyes flashing.
Dude. Why would he be hesitant? Dean is very well practised in this stuff. He has kissed plenty of women, though usually not in front of a witch but by their front door. But it’s easy. A first kiss is just leaning in about 90 percent of the distance and then allowing the other person to cross the extra 10 percent.
All conversation halts.
Cas narrows his eyes. “I have an… apartment,” he says, rather weakly. “That I sleep in. Every night.”
“Is this fun for
This is all for research purposes of course, he reminds himself. In a ‘know your enemy’ kind of way. And damn it if some of those writers don’t write a pretty convincing Cas. Those are the weirdest to read. It’s like… Like getting undressed for real.
“Don’t worry, Cas, about her thinking you’re gay,” he says. “I mean, um - I know you’re not.”
Interesting, though. He’s never been the little spoon before. Why hasn’t he? Because
“With all the angels and demons running around, do you think that was in any way pleasant? Billie chose to die in peace, and stay dead in peace. The price Cas paid however was... extensive.”
“So are angel wings an erotic zone or something?”
The timer announces the start of the next ten minutes. Though 90 seconds have already passed when Dean has gathered enough courage to check out Cas’ newest pose.
“You shut your piehole.” Dean finds himself pointing at his phone. “And stop this, now.”
“Yet. They will be. Look, they find out about this stupid case where people are getting their tongues ripped out. They drive to a damn barn — looks like the one we met at, by the way.”
Isn’t his body, you know, his own? No one else’s, that’s for sure.
“Never have I ever… been a bit sassy at the Shadow,” Jack continues the round.
While chewing, he takes a good look around. Happy townspeople all over the place, pastel colors, ribbons, a pie van with a sign saying ‘Dabb’s pies’, children playing all around. What is this, a Gilmore Girls crossover?
Events that may or may not be open to interpretation.
Dean’s heart hurts. He does not deserve to be loved that much. He simply does not.
She smiles like an angel, but Cas knows it’s the devil talking. He shoots her a look. He is
this bitch?
Holy shit.
“Um,” the pastor stammers, and Dean loosens his grip a little. Just so he can talk. “Not that I am aware of. We’re just drawing! We love the Lord’s creation!”
Those fish are like. Staring. For realsies.
They’re surrounded by empty bottles. Cas looks at them with an unbearable sadness in his eyes.
, then?”
Dean released puffy breaths in the cold air.
Dean stutters to a halt. His eyes land on Cas, who’s leaning on his elbows blinking up at him, and
The tears abruptly stopped. Cas looked up at Dean in horror.
He’s about to walk straight past Dean, completely lost in thought.
“No. I am dying,” Cas says, and it’s true, he has died of embarrassment.
Jensen wasn’t even aware the French had caused so much trouble that celestial beings took notice. “There was a lot of debris… Uh, nevermind. Anyway, I kind of tried to do the reverse thing.”
Dean’s eye drifts to his foot on the sofa.
He prefers to see himself painted much more… Heroically. He’s saved the world enough times, damn it. He’s damn well earned it.
“Mom shouldn’t have told you,” Dean mumbles. “It’s nothing, Claire. Let’s move on.”
! Dean wanted them to just be buds. Cas considered giving up his grace and falling back down to earth right now, just to get out of this social nightmare.
Fuck. Dean did that. To Cas. With just his asshole alone.
Fuck fuck fuck. How is this even possible?
“Cas? Why would you take that deal with Billie to dream our last moment together, forever?”
Cas keeps staring, so Dean’s mouth spills another “buddy”, commingled with something that’s a mixture of Cas’ name and a hoarse, strangled gasp of pure want.
is not a story, okay? This is my actual
Dean exhales heavily. Whole Bible passages are probably based off this shit.
Cas is studying Dean, gauging every single reaction.
“I was a bit… short with you, I guess. You kind of reminded me of my friend.” Dean smiles, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “It’s not your fault you’re not Cas.”
“You should leave,” Jack says.
Sam frowns. Since when is Dean so delicate about a little blood? He’s seen Dean take a lot of hits in his life - some Sam administered himself, regrettably - and he always took it with teeth clenched and head held high.
What’s he talking about?
Dean nods. He’s not sure what exactly he did wrong. But the silence is becoming too heavy, and Cas looks like he’s somewhere else.
He breathes hard, willing all the aches away.
“What the hell is wrong with you, Cas!”
Eileen sighs deeply.
“Dean,” Cas says, and for a second Dean’s breath hitches again. Cas squeezes his hand, and Dean is once again grounded. Like he’s touching the very root of life.
“I know,” Sam says.
“Screwing around. Doing the naughty. The rumpy pumpy. Intercourse, Cas.”
He snaps his neck back to Dean.
“I don’t know
Sam can’t help but giggle a bit now, though, as Dean is clutching his shoulder with a grimace when he walks into the television room.
The last part dies on Dean’s tongue.
“Receiving a lecture from Richard. Apparently actors aren’t supposed to ‘actually be frenching on set’,” Cas uses one hand to make air quotes.
“I’m sorry.”
It’s bothering him. How the room’s uneven. Only one bed has weight. The other one just has absence. Unparallelled.
“Try not to move,” the pastor says.
Classy.
“Now he’s just ignoring it, Sam.”
The people on set scatter at his whim.
found this
The tear on his cheek seems to take Cas by surprise.
And Dean wants to give Cas the best parts of his body if he’s going to lay his weary head to rest. That’s just how non homophobic Dean is.
Dean opens his mouth to protest, but reconsiders. Perhaps alcohol
“Hm. Right,” Sam says, but Dean can hear him thinking and it’s goddamn annoying. “So what, Dean, you used him as bait?”
It comes out much softer than Dean intended.
“Apparently this deal made Billie happy as a cupcake.”
That’s why he goes for “Let’s just say a gentleman never kisses and tells ;)”
Who’s writing this crap?
? Okay, maybe objectively, Dean could see… No, he’s not going to go there.
“But I did expect the Empty to take me away so I’d never have to face you again… You see. Living here with you now, has been…. challenging. There’s nowhere to hide.”
“Iggy?”
you should take it (:
Cas starts masturbating behind him now, the slick sound driving Dean completely crazy.
There’s even a little, dumb explanation to go with it, too.
“Hm.” She rubs her chin. “I did find extraordinary pleasure in watching her die from her wound.”
“Our attendants are all amateur, Christian artists interested in studying the beauty of the human form,” he explains. “That means alternating models frequently.”
Know what?
Whiskey’s always a gamble.
Cas blinks, looking thoughtful. “It’s… neutral.”
Sam quickly spells the word ‘staple’ for Eileen, points to his side, and makes a crying face.
“Go,” pastor Richard says, and Dean looks at his white paper. Then at Cas’… mid… section.
That scares even
human now, Dean supposes. Experiencing life out there, in, well, who knows? All of its glory. Like with that reaper lady. Dean frowns at that memory. Come to think of it, Cas should probably not get his freak on at all anymore, just to be safe.
Dean only knows one thing for certain: it ain’t got nothing to do with the stories.
He runs out, quickly sends Sam a text — It’s working i klld the turpie — and jumps into the Impala.
This throws Cas off, and he falls quiet. Cas takes half a step back, blinking.
Damn. This is awkward. Dean needs to diffuse it, but how?
Dean took a large swig of his beer and stared ahead, into the relative darkness of a heavenly night. In the distance, there were lights indicating a town. Above them, stars. Perhaps it had been an indulgence to decorate heaven with actual stars, but Cas decided it was well worth it as he watched Dean look up at them and smile softly.
“Please-“
That’s not gay!
to leave?
“I guess straight but who knows, I don’t want to tie myself down to an old fashioned definition” and “Straight, sorry. I’m not sure why I am taking this quiz actually”.
But then Dean’s expression softens all at once, when Cas puts his fingers on him uncertainly. His lips part to release shaky breaths.
Cas huffs.
He soon figures out how to filter for content. That way he can get rid of the, umm, threesomes with Sam some of those horny bastards like to write about. He ain’t gotta see that, he’s been to
Cas sniffed.
“Cas, just,” Dean says. “It’s okay, Cas. Please just —”
, Cas
Why not fix Destiel too, while he’s at it? He can’t leave it to these dumbasses and their profoundly
Sam sighs. “
Dean is fucking — he cannot believe this. He’s fucking hard as a rock. Dean glances at the little — um, perfectly nice-sized bastard.
you, Castiel.”
“Tell him, kid.”
He shoots him a half smile as if to say: if I
His head snaps back to Claire. “You didn’t tell him?”
It’s literally 9:28.
Hmm. He shouldn’t eat them all if he’s planning on doing The Boys.
. But he hesitates. Cas seems less than enthusiastic to see him.
Hmmm. Okay, true. More than anyone in the world, actually (Dean grabs a pen and adds that fact to the note, scribbling it in the margin of the page). But Austin Powers makes him laugh. Doesn’t mean true love or any of that sappy stuff.
He puts one hand on Cas’ neck, rubbing a little circle on it with his thumb, and goes for: “Sorry, mate. I don’t swing that way. Why, do you think I’m hot?”
was even in there.
Fuck. There’s just. There’s something that feels like real life rhyming about Cas posing nude in a church versus Dean posing nude in a motel.
“I love you”, Cas says.
Dean thinks long and hard.
, he leaves out.)
Nudity. Also of um, various. Levels.
(See the end of the chapter for
in an alternate reality, Dean,” Sam reminds him. “It’s a miracle we even found this spell.”
“With each other.”
Without telling Dean?
, okay Misha? Then kiss.”
He turns his head to the side, with his profile prominently exposed, and fixes his gaze on the bathroom door.
He glances up, and sees a myriad of emotions crossing over Cas’ face. Dean feels his throat constrict.
, assbut,” Sam says, raising his voice. “Talk to him!”
It’s just that he doesn’t feel like doing any other research, like helping Kevin and Sam with the elomite deciphering of those doodles from the tablet. Sounds like a lot of work. That’s why when Cas calls him about a potential case with the four mysterious murders in Idaho, he decides to drive up. Just to check it out. To avoid, you know. Reading stuff that - he, uh, he doesn’t like reading. And not at all because he keeps thinking about that stuff and… uh, Cas. Who shouldn’t have hung up on him like that, dammit.
Dean throws all the papers on the ground and empties a trash can out on the street. Then, he lights a match and hovers its flame near the edge of one of the drawings. Once it’s properly on fire, he drops it in the can, and takes the next page.
Dean’s sucks in his breath. For the first time, he
to see them. Him.
“Basium angeli?” Cas, who’d been sitting quietly in the corner, seems to wake from deep thought. “Really?”
And he’ll definitely work out tomorrow or something.
this mutual foolishness went on.
Dean frowns. “Yes?”
Dean thinks about Sam back home. Dean has been spending his every waking moment making sure to keep Ezekiel happy, so the angel can finish healing his brother. He doesn’t have the mental energy to spare.
“Cas, it’s not that bad, it’s not like torture or anything.” He half smiles, trying to reassure the angel.
Well - for art, technically.
“Oh my God,” Eileen signs, her eyes sparkling with laughter.
“Tonight is the first time I’ve drank since you’ve been back.”
“Slept a bit?”
Dean swallows.
Next question’s a lot less poetic.
Cas pushed back a sudden rise of nerves. Dean was supposed to live a long life on earth, maybe start a family, maybe forget about… Cas’s last words. They were never supposed to… actually talk about...
“I was no more human than you were, freak. I was filled with rage and anger and blood lust. How could you not see that? Huh. Makes sense now. Guess now I know you were just perverted. You just
“How do you know you’re not gay or… or bi?”
Cas traces the pencil from the base back up, stopping briefly at where the head ribs, and then crosses it right up to the top. A drip of precum has gathered there.
But it’s just, you know, because he’s curious about Cas being gay, what that must be like.
of this crap?
what are you afraid of?
Dean swallows hard. This last part is very close to the truth. There is a darkness in him, still. It’s pouring out of him, now, a new kind of torture.
“He told Dean he’d wanted to get in his pants all that time,” John continues, shaking his head. “It just wasn’t right.”
What? He likes the um, plot.
“His lips are hurt!” Sam signs.
“It’s Cas, actually.” The gravelly voice sounds a little sad.
Then, Dean seems to gather all his courage and slowly opens his eyes. He lifts a trembling hand, and puts it on Cas’ cheek, as if he wants to heal him.
Holy shit.
Dean’s pretty sure he’s a decent kisser, he’s surely never had any complaints. And he’s brushed his teeth three times while the others were packing up the Impala.
“For what?” Cas asks, brows furrowing.
Those are
Their arms fell close to each other. Cas could only hope their proximity didn’t bother Dean. And the strange way heaven’s gravity seemed to work, their hands seemed to be moving nearer still, almost, almost —
Dean gains some courage and looks up quickly, before he can change his mind. Cas’ face is still completely unreadable but somehow brighter, containing darkness and light at the same time, and yes, Dean thinks, yes, he really is an endless, breathtaking creature. Those fanfic goons wrote that part of him absolutely right.
Dean frowns, confused. “I thought Chuck had destroyed them all?”
Dean represses a chuckle.
Holy shit.
Well, kinda.
your lucky i cant move rn
CASTIEL
, Dean reminds himself, palms sweating in a very strange way.
These drawings are evidence of the way Dean sees Cas. And it turns out Dean needs to see it. The proof.
It’s the most yearnful Sam has ever heard that name spoken.
Dean nearly falls out of his chair, and to his mortification, he drops his pencil and every single one of his blank (and staying that way!) papers on the floor. He can only just save the Bible from crashing. When he looks up, holy shit, Cas is staring right at him.
The guy seems taken aback. “Making you?”
Suddenly, Cas speaks up. “What is this, Dean?”
“I was just curious”, Dean panics.
Sam turns around, brows raised. “You know what it is?”
Light falls in. A familiar silhouette.
Cas was wrong. The happiness is in the having.
The door crashes open. It’s Billie, it’s Death, she’s finally managed to break through the warding, and is looking at them with absolute lust for revenge in her eyes.
Oh no. What would Jimmy Novak, a conservative Republican father, say to John Winchester?
Slowly Cas moves up and down, swallowing more and more of Dean, with unfiltered lust. Each motion a hot drag against his skin. Tongue hungrily tasting.
“I think you should leave, actually,” Dean tells his dad in a low, dangerous voice.
Dean’s ribs close in on him like a claw.
“Is Steve really gone, too? I thought it was just a coincidence, I swear,” the guy adds. “I didn’t think anyone was actually targeting us!”
“Dad,” Dean says, not looking up.
“So we meet again,” Chuck continues. “A faithless man and God. Why don’t you get on your knees and pray?”
Pastor Richard’s cigarette drops from his lips to the ground when Dean slams him against the wall.
(agitated)
Schrödinger’s crotch.
Dean frowns.
Cas cups Dean’s face with both hands, and draws him closer. They are holding each other’s cheeks and it feels like what Dean imagines tapping into grace must feel like. They are so close, so close. So tuned into the other, like touching life’s energy itself.
They don’t even know his name.
Dean turns to face Cas. He - he’s faced larger foes. Dean swallows heavily.
And now he was about to… see Dean?
All of him. Most of him.
He pours lube on his dick and lines it up to Cas’ hole. Ok, ok, ok, go slow. Slow. He rubs himself up and down that soft skin, not quite inside but close.
All that, to die so young?
“Ding ding.”
Cas’ hand twitches on Dean’s heart.
She fixes Cas with her stare. “You found a loophole.”
“What do you mean, he’s
“Shut it, bitch.”
“You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.” Cas stops. He breathes deeply.
Time goes by the normal speed, not tv-pacing, quick scene after quick scene. Jensen starts feeling a little anxious. He’s only got one day off before he needs to get back to filming!
in his long life has ever told him that.
Dean stops in his tracks.
Cas rubs his nose with a wince, and enters.
No way that Dean’ll pick that one. That’s clearly about him and Cas. About like, Cas lifting him out of hell and touching his soul and that being so beautiful that Dean hasn’t stopped thinking about it, ever.
He turns back to the paper. “You raised your little brother for love, you fought for this whole world, for love. That is who you are. You are the most caring man on earth,” Cas’s voice breaks a little on that last word.
“Don’t shoot the messenger,” he tells a literal messenger of god. “It’s okay, I know you’re not gay. You were just on a heterosexual date, almost. And you did the… hanky panky with that reaper.”
So yeah, Jensen’s sure Eric will have wise guidance for him.
He could let Cas know… he could want… he
The case, Dean reminds himself. The art is a detail. He’s here for the case.
And Dean’s been the clown all along.
He’s no writer, he’s an actor/director, damn it.
Fuck.
He reads.
“No?” Maybe peace when the drink is done.
Horror grips his heart. Oh no. Is he the one with the
He smirks.
Sam looks a little closer.  “Dude, you’re literally bleeding.”
Cas slowly shakes his head. “You were brave, you were a-“
. I do. I — I gotta.”
His dick is certainly not neutral.
,” he points a finger in Sam’s face, “should be a witch, by the way.”
This - this is good, Dean reminds himself. This was the goal. No moment of happiness, no Empty. They’ll escape this situation the old fashioned way, by fighting, and Dean will…. let Cas down more gently, until they’ve saved the world from Chuck, and then maybe they can travel to the Empty together and strike a new deal, and then maybe… just maybe….
Suddenly, Cas stands up and all Dean hears is his own heart beating furiously against his chest. He wills his body to stay relaxed, legs open, living art for the willing artist.
Very slowly, he turns around. He watches every muscle twitch in Cas’ face while he exposes himself fully.
Dean thinks about it for a second.
Or, hopefully he reaches the Supernatural world pre-rebar, actually.
Ten minutes later, Dean is still standing in his darkened room trying to calm down when the door behind him opens, a question in the shape of a crack.
Eventually, the pain mysteriously moves to the back of his left leg. What? What’s his body doing?
Dean swallows excess saliva.
, man. And I didn’t think I’d ever see you again, though I prayed …” Dean‘s speech stuttered to a halt. He bit his lip. “Sorry, I suck at this. I don’t have a big speech ready or anything, nothing poetic.  And back then, with Billie and all, with everything happening, I just choked, Cas. But I know now… what I should have said to you. Because it was only fair for you to hear it from me. Out loud.”
“Then you beg Chuck — of all people — to bring him back, and now you’re denying he’s even gone.”
Shit. How do you explain to your buddy that you took a quiz to see if his fictional counterpart is gay?
They both scramble to get up. The Shadow looks down on them from her throne.
It’s Jack.
He’s wearing a trench coat. Oh, Cas is going to kill Claire.
“Up,” Cas orders, and Dean complies, lets himself be manhandled on the couch. Cas turns him over on his knees, facing the motel room door and front window, the closed drapes leaving a hint of sky and stars in the middle.
Dean and Cas are idiots too wrapped up in their own insecurities to realise how the other feels. Sam makes them play Never have I ever.
“Don’t,” Cas says in a low voice. There is an anger in it that Sam’s never heard before.
Also, what are Dean and Sam doing here eating pie anyway?
This is the farthest from okay, really, how is this his life in
Carefully, Dean gets on his knees. He touches Cas’ legs, guiding them apart for him to fall into, in between.
Cas attempts a grin. “Thank you.”
. At him.”
At that moment, Dean steps into a more well-lit part of the hallway as he leans closer to Cas. There’s blood on his lips.
There’s something about that that tugs Dean’s heart, but he’s not letting himself think about that too long. There are more, um, pressing matters.
They’re incredible. They’re amazingly realistic, to an almost horrifying degree.
Why would Cas agree to that?
He keeps Cas for last.
Suddenly, Cas rolls around, turning towards Dean.
There’s an old Bright Eyes song stuck in his head.
Dean glances at Sam, anger still fuming from his eyes, but now mixed with a little surprise.
He goes for: “This is where the evening / splits in half, Henry, love or death. Grab an end, pull hard, and make a wish”
“It’s very informal,” pastor Richard assures him. “People dip in and out.”
“What?”
“Just a second, love,” Sam signs to Eileen. “Something is going on with Dean.”
“How long has this been going on?” Jimmy asks.
Dean bites the inside of his lip. What can he say?
Okay — think.
He also doesn’t really feel like sharing his Destiel song suggestions, though.
Cas licks his lips.
?” Dean asks, but he and Cas are quickly manhandled into adjourning chairs. The women attack their faces with brushes.
“I mean, they don’t mention Claire or Kaia or Jo or… Anyway, that’s not even the worst part. So they defeat Chuck, right. And then, like six months later, Dean dies on a hunt.”
If there was ever a moment in Dean’s life that felt like he was in a documentary staring into the camera like a whole dumbass? This was it.
Cas looks down.
Then he discovers he can actually see a list of all possible answers on the last screen. Okay then. It’s not all Dean, sure.
“No! Didn’t even invite him. He’s um, he was doing it for the cash. He’s been moonlighting.”
It’s like a punch to the throat.
“Well what use are you then!”
. And I’ll admit, if it hadn’t been for my deal with the Empty, and Billie about to kill us, I’d never have…”
Oh god oh god oh god.
Is this a question? Dean waits in silence.
He swallows hard. Tries to keep his face neutral.
He quickly backs out of this horrific website. Hell no. He’d rather chop his arms off than take that.
He licked his lips. Was Dean going to mock him? No. He loved this man, and he knew who he was. Cas trusted Dean not to hurt him. It would be a kind rejection. And Cas was the one who had laid the burden of his love on Dean. The least he owed him was to make it a little easier to turn him down.
It couldn’t possibly get worse.
It’s Cas who speaks next.
https://uquiz.com/quiz/Pl5i2b?p=1846403
Is that a low
Dean swallows hard.
It was hard not to think about. Things.
But at least he’s back in his own body, in a world that has his family and absolutely no demon activity in it.
Cas must have already believed he was worth very little to him.
“Maybe it was more like a rebar. The point is, he’s arriving any minute, Cas.”
“You hurt me, Dean,” Cas says, suddenly his face filled with emotion.
Not the second one either, or the third.
“Did you forget how to do a stage kiss… by mistake? Ugh, never mind, that’s all the time we have for this scene,” Richard says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Let’s just pray this gets past the cw wigs.”
Why would he ask
Dean shifts his gaze. “Claire. You didn’t mention…”
There’s just something about the look in his eyes that makes Dean wanna crack another joke.
Because while Dean is wallowing in self pity, chasing complete annihilation of the self, Sam and Jack dutifully research the Empty. Dean resents them for it, resents himself.
“My damn shoulder’s killing me,” he says.
“You reached your moment of pure happiness
Behind them, Kansas kept on playing.
The dude’s not wired like that. Newly human or not, to someone who’s been around for thousands of years, a body is just a body. Another fleshy shape among the many. One in a billion, but not in a good way.
Dean swallows. What the - there’s
Dean strokes Cas’ cheek with his thumb. “No, I’m as real as it gets and I’m not leaving without you. Sam found a spell, Cas, and we’re - we’ve come to take you home.”
“Where are you going?” Eileen asks, concern creeping into her voice.
“You know Cas doesn’t have to actually touch people to heal them, right?”
Dean shakes his head. “No-“
Richard is still hollering at them. “You realize you love him too, and reciprocate his kiss. Simple! Now scene twenty-four, take three, three two—“
But how - how can he face Cas?
He looks at Cas’ face, perfectly framed by the soft light of the lamp. A much braver being than he ever will be. An angel who dared to go up against god himself for what he believed to be right.
Maybe a large art book? He looks around the choir practice room, conveniently checking for hex bags, too.
The pencil is trembling, and Cas dips his head closer.
Dean’s pretty positive there’s a mosquito in the room, too. Unless his own ears are buzzing from the strain of being so damn still for so long.
Then, Cas steadies his gaze on the ceiling, and the tilted head just somehow elevates this whole pose. The way the light catches his brow and bounces off his Adam’s apple…
“Buddy,” he says.
And if he puts his phone away finally at 4 in the morning, and decides on a quick wank, it’s just because it’ll be harder to sleep otherwise. He’s not thinking about Cas. In fact, he’s thinking about that reaper, she was kinda hot, wasn’t she? And Cas just happens to be in the shot.
For a minute, Cas allowed himself to hope.
So very
Actually, this reminds Dean of when Cas was still an angel. There was a whole lot of unworldly power crammed into that tiny, dorky human packaging. Dean remembers punching Cas for the first time, in that heavenly room of illusions, and how much it hurt his knuckles.
Cas is still asleep - he must still be getting used to that human habit. Should Dean move closer, and pretend to have fallen asleep attached to him? Dean hesitates. Nah. That would, er, be a little too intimate. He doesn’t want Cas to feel uncomfortable just because they fucked last night, and hugged, and oh god when Cas was arching his back in pleasure he-
He walks up to the chair and turns it around.
ridiculous that Cas would even want to kiss him, and it’s just the type of move that trickster wanna-be would pull. Beats Sam’s herpes ad though.
Yeah, he’s playing whack-a-mole with his own body.
Dean reaches for his own dick with unprecedented need. He grunts against the sofa, bites his other arm with want, slides himself up and down furiously.
Dean groans. Why did he take this route?
Okay, Leonardo DiCaprio was a total heartthrob, but to endure all this? Dean’s respect for Rose is growing.
“Short circuit. They’re... still rebuilding heaven.” He smiles, pleased with himself.
“And you forgot you’re not a piece of paper, jerk?”
“Truth is, I wanted
Cas’s pink tongue quickly darts over his lips. Dean’s eyes follow it, still processing.
“What?”
“Dude, he — what? You saw Cas naked?”
(voice-over)
For a brief moment, Dean’s heart hurts. Oh, Cas. He trusts him so blindly, so openly.
He feels a nudge. Dean looks up to see Barbara holding out her kneaded eraser for him.
“No.” Why would he want that?
“Why don’t you tell him Cas’ last words, Dean. The kid deserves to know.”
“Oh really? Show me how it’s done,” Sam challenges.
He goes for “Shut the fuck up about my dad”.
He’s gotten a little taste of that feeling again, the one he always forgets, that particular feeling when Cas dies.
Worst of all - he thinks these are Cas’s
And maybe, yes, maybe Sam had hoped Dean would open up spontaneously.
“We’ll find him.”
Dean’s fingers slid along the beer bottle’s neck as he looked down. “You’re right, man. I, uh. It’s my turn to talk.”
“Just keep your gaze steady, Steve,” pastor Richard says.
He already has.
Startled, Dean breaks loose from the kiss. He finally notices the wind and chanting have stopped, there’s just Sam and Jack and Crowley and his hands cannot stop holding Cas’ head for some reason and-
DEAN/JENSEN
The whole class has left already, some headed to the bar, no doubt. Others back to their wives.
He can practically hear Sam exchange a look with Kevin.
Jack’s turn.
Sam pauses the news.
He grins at himself proudly.
It’s eons of art rolled into one. It’s mixing paint. It’s an explosion of colors.
A different kind of blow. Jacks trusts him still, so purely. Just like Cas did.
“Love what you’ve done with the place,” a voice suddenly said behind him.
Id bear your ass
Dean swallows hard. Though really, there is no reason why this should be a big deal.
son die young and afraid on a hunt because you brought him into the life against Mary’s wishes?”
His knees, trembling with the effort of holding them together, now slide slightly open.
“Don’t worry about me, little bro,” Dean responds. “I’m peachy. You go and do research.”
“For me, that is.” Dean exhales. “Crazy right?”
“I should sleep,” Cas concludes.
“No!” Sam says. “We eh, we need four peope.”
The link leads Dean to some ugly light blue website full of ads that he quickly scrolls past.
God, it’s like living with rival teenage girls sometimes.
He skips a few pages ahead.
Jack’s out doing god’s work, too busy to stop by regularly.
He runs until he finds a small, quiet alleyway. It’s the back of a restaurant and some houses, nothing much else.
But Sam can’t be fooled. His big brother has never looked so small.
“I’m not a hunter. I’ve lost all my powers. I’m not usef… I’ll leave you to your case, you leave me to my…” Cas does a weak hand gesture towards the bus stop.
Tentatively, like he doesn’t fully trust this, Cas presses his lips softly against Dean’s. That’s when Dean finally remembers plants also require air, and he exhales against Cas’ upper lip, breath releasing like a stutter. When he gasps for oxygen, Cas deepens the kiss, moving his tongue against Dean like they’re both speaking the same language for the first time.
A small sound escapes Cas’ throat. Dean hopes at least
“Cas.” Dean breathes.
Dean’s afraid to ask. But he has to. “Can we even…. Can we get the victims back?”
“And you better not write that planned chapter two!”
“What? No. I can’t let you leave.”
It takes a long time for Dean to even move a muscle.
They stop abruptly, and Dean can feel about 15 pairs of eyes on him, including a very annoyed choir director.
He sits up, though. Turns towards Cas for real, now. They’re opposite each other, more than an arm’s length away.
Who is he posing for, though?
“Did you - did you write and post a slash fic about me and Cas?” Dean stammers out.
“Happy occasion? Cas, I’m
He’s camouflaged, isn’t he? He’s wearing white socks!
“I miss Cas, too,” Jensen says.
It must be that mysterious “gaydar” thing humans have.
It’s from Eric.
“Castiel and I shared a mind for a long time,” he quickly says. “Tell me, John, didn’t you abandon Dean at a children’s home when he was caught stealing bread? Because he had to feed Sam? Didn’t he have to raise his younger brother because you weren’t there? Do you even know-”
“This’ll be better for sleeping, buddy.” He strokes Cas’ head again, in that straight way.
And he throws himself through the sigil-painted glass.
They do.
“What?”
Sam can see a faint blush spread to his brother’s ears.
“Come here for a second, please.”
Someone is impatiently knocking on his door.
It hits Dean like a brick to the face. Cas, who’s been newly human and wandering the earth so vulnerable for the very first time in eons, Cas, who wouldn’t ask for a thing but almost died when he was alone, twice now, Cas who sacrificed everything for his friends only to be pushed away, plainly dumped. Dean sees it now. Cas stared death in the face and then immediately got abandoned by his friends - the only humans he thought who had his back. The people he sacrificed everything for.
“What do you mean?” Jack asks.
Cas looks shocked.
“Yes?”
Hesitantly, his hand moves over the page. It’s a hard — no.
“Sometimes we…
Castiel takes another shot, reluctantly. “Only to save the world, let’s not make a habit of it.”
“Cas-” No, that doesn’t seem right here. “Castiel.” He speaks it like a prayer into the darkness.
to die. What if this is like the butterfly effect, but… gayer.”
The message is clear, though: no bullshit, just do your damn job.
They certainly don’t need to talk about their feelings, because that was fake. Fake.
Jensen lifts them in his arms.
Dean, we don’t have to talk abou—
“It’s okay,” Dean lies, trying to be comforting.
Right. Um.
Cas deserves a cuddle. So Dean scoots a little closer, until their hands almost touch on their adjacent pillows. He can’t physically bring himself to look up. Instead, he keeps his eyes fixed on Cas’ chest, his very nice, actually - umm, okay, so maybe best not to focus on that chest? The mattress, then. He brings his glance there. Ok, yes. Safe.
He reads on.
He fishes his drawings out of the back pocket of the rumpled jeans he tossed on the tiled floor, and flips through them. This is too much. Why did he keep them, like some skeeze?
Dean sits up, back against the wall. His whole body is shaking. Cas is gone. Cas is gone, and the last thing he told him was he hated him.
When it turns out Cas just had to babysit, that’s definitely not a relief. Really sad for him. Dean feels sad for his friend, his buddy, as they walk to the car after they smite Ephraim. That’s all he feels. Right.
“What the actual fuck?” Crowley’s voice suddenly booms.
She snaps her fingers and suddenly Dean and Jack are alone again. They’re in another part of the Empty.
Dean carefully schools his features. Don’t need Kevin to get the wrong idea or anything.
“He died like a… picture frame?”
Dean pulls the man close, all nude and, as Dean discovers when his fingers caress up and down Cas’ body, entirely goosebumped.
“Can you tell me what’s happening?” She signs. “It will be too dark for me to lip read.”
A chill runs down his spine.
He swallows.
Dean closes the call and straight-lines it to the choir room. He elephant-in-a-china-shops right through the door to the sight of a bunch of old men singing.
“You called me ‘the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know’. But if you think I love so much, how could you never once include the possibility that this could mean I love
“I’ll be busy chanting, Dean.”
Christ, so damn
His voice definitely doesn’t sound higher or anything. His heart isn’t hammering twice as fast, either.
“Actually, perfect timing. Go do your one-on-one, Jensen.” Gabriel smiles reassuringly at him.
Because seriously. What the fuck.
See? He’s so not gay. He liked her boobs and stuff. Not just her lingerie.
Awkwardly, Dean walks up to the perfectly-made bed and lowers himself onto it. Cas takes a seat a little too far away. He still looks upset.
I have planted a knife in all of you. Now I’m slowly pulling it out.
“Anyway, Jimmy, consider this a peace offering. You know.”
“Sorry,” he says. “It’s just—“
Dean feels the alcohol rise to the back of his ears and stay there.
“That mysterious Latin thing,” Sam says. “It doesn’t appear to be a plant or an animal. It’s not mentioned in any books in our library, I’ve looked. Basium angeli.”
Suddenly he is locking lips with Cas and that — that is
a romance, never has been): Chuck being the villain they gotta defeat, the fight with Billie, Sam taking off with Jack, …. right up until this Dean and Cas reach the basement.
This will be a whole lot more fun than working on those demon tablets, back with Kevin and Sam in the bunker. They’ve made very little progress, and Dean’s brain is simply wired for action, not research. Sam is the Stanford wonderboy.
Why are they so friggin' obsessed with Dean's sexuality?
Cas sighs and looks around. There’s a crowd at the bar, people standing in line to get a drink. There’s people playing pool. No Dean.
Dean isn’t exactly one to talk about his feelings. But god, Sam hopes Dean doesn’t think Sam would laugh at him if he confided in him.
it! It’s like The French Mistake, only a thousand times weirder. Does this mean they know he… Does this mean they know he rebelled?
, Jensen! We’ve been through this!” Richard yells. “Reposition.”
“You couldn’t even look at me, you told Sam as much. Sam, he saw the good in me when even I wasn’t sure. I was the son of Lucifer, so how much of that darkness was inside me? Look, what I am trying to say is, you hated me because I killed Cas. And for the past weeks, now I understand. You hated
Cas in turn wraps his arms around his back.
Gabriel cracks half a smile. “Why don’t we all take five, everyone?”
me. Dean, Dean.”
Dean throws his hands up into the air with exasperation. “You altered the timeline! Did you learn nothing from saving the damn Titanic? Misha was
“No,” Claire says, a sudden fire burning in her eyes. “I’d like to know too.” She turns to John.
Dean steps through the portal.
Then, quietly. “I didn’t, man.”
“Yeah, Cas, that’s what I’ve been trying to explain to you. In between, uh, your body positive mission statements. You put yourself in danger!”
”He has something called a Tumblr.”
“Dean, this- this isn’t you…” Cas says.
Cas is startled, then relieved, then offended. “How…”
Three victims so far, all women, and all with one thing in common — they went missing within a few days after posing nude in a local life drawing class.
Cas watched in surprise as the words seemed to cast a spell over Dean’s features.
“Hello Mr. Ackles, I’m Ben Goodman from OUTtv,” the man interrupts his searching.
Dean looks down at his hands.
The fourth time Sam isn’t as clueless anymore. He’s talked about it with Eileen extensively, first over video chat and then later as they were laying in bed.
Cas is again not breathing.
In all his billions of years in existence, nothing —
No more words come out, like the name is the only one remaining, now, in all the shreds of words burrowed in his brain.
He looks at Sam.
“You’re allowed to ask…. naughtier questions, Cas,” Sam nudges him.
Dean steps forward.
“Hey!” Sam protests.
“What?” Cas looks up.
He’s not gay, after all.
Cas kneels on the chair, showing off the curve of his ass and the flawless question mark line of his spine, and throws Dean a self righteous look over his shoulder.
“Right.” Dean straightens his shoulders and turns towards Cas. Holy shit. When did Cas move so close, damn it?
Dean swallows. It feels like they are stacking anvil upon anvil upon his chest.
Breakable.
Cas breaks eye contact, and Dean notices his other hand is still firmly gripping the pencil, now resting on Dean’s leg. The way Cas’ fingers cling to the pencil like a life preserver in the middle of an ocean storm is the only thing even hinting at nerves on Cas’ part.
“That was five minutes,” Cas says.
Right, thank god his back is turned.
But there is not a hint of humor in Cas’ eyes.
Dean looks over his shoulder, to the jukebox. Cas leans against it, staring back. Christian dads can like Fleetwood Mac. It’s not exactly the devil’s music.
“What?” Dean swallows.
Cas lifts Dean’s hand, leaning forward.
He watches Cas. This is so unlike any time Dean’s been naked. It’s like looking into a distorted mirror, seeing yourself through the eyes of the other.
Holy shit.
Wake up guys, new prophecy dropped.
Cass, there’s something that’s been on my mind ever since our, um, your goodbye.
Dean takes one more look at Cas — just to check if he’s still safely asleep and not perceiving whatever’s happening on this cursed phone screen — and presses the ‘Start quiz’ button.
, Cas!”
“You think my dad would be caught dead in the
With a jolt Dean is reminded of the day Cas took him to torture Alastair. When Cas told him the angels had started to question his loyalty. Because he was starting to get… feelings. A doorway to doubt.
The third time is just ridiculous, really. It’s exactly one week after the vampire hunt and Sam is on a video call with Eileen in the living room. Cas is lounging with a book in a chair nearby, when Dean stumbles into the room.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, trying to assess her vibe. Sure, she seems like a harmless gran, but in his experience those are the ones that end up being demons who enjoy pegging the devil. Her dyed blonde hair is tied back in a loose knot. She kind of looks like an art teacher, actually.
It’s not gay to, as a human, notice that. It’s very Christian actually.
Yeah, Jensen’s gonna
Dean looks between them with some uncertainty. There’s a brief flash of sadness on his face, then once again a polite smile.
now. No angel. Apart from a strange Enochian tattoo, warding him against other angels, Dean also notices a little anti possession symbol on Cas’ side. It doesn’t seem to be a tattoo though, just drawn on.
Cas stares at the plastic wrapped pink toothbrush for a few seconds before accepting it. The bathroom door slams shut.
Dean looks at Jack.
“Heard what happened.”
Dean’s throat goes bone dry.
On the floor, to be precise, slobbering on his pillow.
“Why not?”
“Don’t you mean after what
Holy shit! Jensen blinks hard. He’s
The pastor smiles. “Yes, you are. The next one will be twenty minutes, so don’t choose anything too straining on your body, son.”
Cas’ brow furrows, and he reaches for Dean’s hand, wrapping his fingers tightly around his wrist and pulls it closer. He spreads Dean’s fingers on his chest and Dean can feel Cas’ sternum rising with each of his inhales.
“No, it’s the internet.”
“Cas! Cas!” Jack yells, following his lead.
Cas holds Dean’s gaze as long as he can bear, then heads out the door.
Dean rides the aftershocks, cheek pressed against Cas’ shoulder blade, panting into his skin.
Cas closes his eyes, and the Emptiness takes him, and Death.
Oh god. The stories were right. Cas is gay! He’s gay, right? Oh god, Cas is gay.
“Dean,” he says, voice much softer. “Talk to me, I’m your
“I don’t want to, Sam. Not…” Dean looks at Cas, who looks up at him completely stunned. “With… I just can’t.”
When they get back to the bunker, Jensen lets Sam open all the doors because, to be honest, he’s not exactly sure how to get inside when it’s an actual building and not a set.
He gets Charlie, next. Then friggin’ Crowley. Rowena.
