Ruby snorted. “A blowjob counts, sweetie.”
Dean looked at him. “Are you sure? It feels like I interrupted something?” And dammit, he was way too perceptive sometimes.
Dean frowned. This was… weird. He had no idea what this could be about. And now he felt guilty because not only had he interrupted their important work, but he’d also made them uncomfortable. All because he was the one that needed a distraction.
With a wink, Castiel pulled back his hands and took a physical step back as well. “To be continued tomorrow morning.”
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel sighed in wonder and Dean flushed from the praise, feeling like he could stay just like this—in bed with Castiel, touching him, licking him clean, feeling his body warm and flush against his own—forever.
Dean had planned on slamming Castiel up against the next wall, but this was too intriguing. And the blowjobs had taken the immediate edge off. He chuckled and followed the trail, full on laughing when he saw the master suit four poster, covered in more rose petals, candles lit all around - and a large bottle of astroglide on the nightstand along with a large box of condoms, probably containing at least fifty of them.
Jimmy was surprised again. “Thank you, Dean.” His smile had softened.
“No,” Dean quickly denied, all the comfort suddenly gone. ‘No open drinks’, his brain screamed at him. He realized Castiel was looking at him oddly, so he quickly amended, “Water? Please? A, uh, a bottle?”
But that was all over now. He has made it to Heaven. The reaper who‘d come for him this time had been kind, smiling even, as he promised he‘d bring him to Castiel. Dean had been wary, of course, but last ditch effort and all. He didn‘t even have to resort to killing himself. But still. A stupid nail barn.
“Hmm,” Castiel hummed, looking around his kitchen. He found a ripe banana and held it up. “I can make you a banana milkshake?”
“You think it’s over now?” Cas whispered.
“I can’t, Cas, I…” Dean tried.
Dean smiled back, clearly relieved, then he snatched up his tee shirt and the boxers before vanishing to the bathroom.
“You’re not. We are.” Dean glared at him. “Go back below deck, I can’t… I just can’t right now,” he snapped.
Dean guffawed and the woman in question now looked downright pissed. “Cas, meet Ana, my first mate.”
Thankfully, he reached it on his next fumbling try and got it unholstered, quickly training it on the Tin Can, who was probably dragging him somewhere to eat later or kill slowly. Or both. Torture him for information first? What the fuck did Dean know?
Castiel glanced at the two way mirror and really hoped nobody was listening in. “Cut the crap, Winchester.” He slammed down his fist in a desperate attempt to gain the upper hand. “You’re in a serious situation, here.”
Dean cocked an eyebrow. “Let’s say I had an ambassador, and leave it at that.”
“I didn’t even get close to the ground,” Dean protested.
“Right?” Castiel forced a smirk. “I’m so much more handsome than that guy.”
Which shouldn’t be Castiel’s problem, but he’d stupidly gotten himself attached to his handsome boss. Dean was a hard worker and expected the same of his secretary, but he was kind and never took his anger out on him. He regularly said ‘please’ and ‘thank you’. And he had never once made a joke at the expense of Castiel being a man, yet working as a secretary - his official title was ‘executive assistant’, but he knew it was just a fancier name for the same thing. So it would be in Castiel’s best interest if Dean would survive and come back on Monday morning.
Turning around, Dean glared at him, but the alien was unperturbed. Instead, he put on the helmet he’d been carrying around all day and then picked up the fruit again. His full armor had come back and after a minute, Castiel shook his head and threw the fruit away.
“Yes,” Castiel exclaimed, laving Dean’s left nipple with attention and still thrusting up into Dean, prolonging his orgasm until Dean couldn’t keep it up anymore and his muscles gave out on him. He would’ve fallen backwards were it not for Cas supporting him.
Dean hummed and wrapped both arms around him, squeezing tight. “I could get used to this sight.”
, because it hadn’t even been about that.
“So we’re going to work soon?” Dean asked, face falling.
Dean placed his hand on top of Castiel’s to comfort him. “I don’t know about that. But I am pretty sure Meg is purposefully scouting for aimless rich people and leaving them flyers. And once they’re here, she has them leave all of their information. It’s easy for her to steal from them.”
Castiel gasped. “Hey. I can work.” His brain caught up with him and he frowned. “Why’d you even let me come on board?”
Once he reached the sink, he splashed some cold water in his face, but it didn’t really help him wake up. He studied himself in the mirror, right hand absently rubbing over the protective symbol on his chest that was supposed to dampen his powers enough so he could live a quiet normal life. He sighed.
Castiel didn’t want to prod, but he understood that Dean didn’t want anyone to watch him work out. “That sounds nice,” he said instead. “You gotta show it to me one day.”
“Incoming!” Sam yelled, and the mermaids quickly drew back, diving down under water. They threw the firebombs and Castiel quickly grabbed a new bottle, realizing they’d run out soon. It wasn’t just rum they were throwing; the bottles contained silver and herbs, and once they were out, they were out.
“What? I didn’t seduce you.” Castiel stopped with his shirt partially unbuttoned. “I would never do that. What?”
After his first interrogation, Castiel had sought out Henriksen to get more intel on Dean, and Henriksen had admitted that he had given Castiel Dean’s file to get him flustered. But he hadn’t known about Dean’s involvement with human trafficking and insisted that Dean was basically a good guy, aside from being a criminal. When an FBI agent as skilled as Henriksen would stand up for a suspect, Castiel had to give Dean the benefit of the doubt.
His thoughts involuntarily moved back to the many unread tomes in Dean’s library and some of the other creatures whose pictures he’d seen in the ones he’d already scrolled through. With a sigh, Castiel realized that today was a big win, yes, but there were definitely more battles ahead.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean cursed, throwing his head back. “Feels so good, Cas.”
Castiel chuckled. “Because Bobby would skin them alive if he saw them provide me with weed.”
. “So we’re all good here?”
“Fuck, shit, fuck, Cas,” he mumbled into the pillow, biting it in between to muffle at least some of his sounds. If Castiel wouldn’t stop soon, Dean would lose it.
It didn’t bode well. But it definitely wasn’t enough for a warrant to search the premises. He could let himself be recruited though. Sadly, he’d been here for almost two weeks now and had not found anything amiss. Nobody would talk to him other than for idle chit-chat about how wonderful Castiel was—even though none of them had personally interacted with him for a lengthy amount of time—and how nice living on the Farm was.
“Heard of the ambush too late, sorry,” Sam was apologizing.
Jimmy blinked. “Do you… want to move in?” He never would have dared to assume. But that shabby trailer he was living in…
“Cas…” Dean sighed, pulling back, and Castiel could tell what was coming. “Do you really want to kidnap an FBI agent and flee to an extradition country? You know Costa Rica isn’t a safe haven, right? We’d be on the run. Meg could tell them whatever she wanted and you’d get the full blame, simply because you left.”
“I’m sorry,” he apologized. “I’ll get out of your hair.” But before Dean could go, Cas had taken a hold of his wrist and tugged him closer.
Cas shook his head. “No it’s… a friend.” He typed out a reply and Dean squinted at the screen.
Castiel looked at him. “I will do further research.”
“I’m not going to quit, but can we please go back to a first name basis?” Castiel wasn’t going to be the one to beg, but he didn’t want to work like this.
This time, Dean broke position to laugh.
didn’t kill him.
“Where is it?” Castiel cocked his head.
Dean wanted to believe him, but he chuckled. That sounded too good to be true. He told him as such and Castiel cupped his cheek again, stroking his fingers along his skin, indulging him.
“So…” He frowned. “Why are you here?” This casual talking around the bush was making him more nervous. Which was probably the intention.
Dean held his gaze for as long as he could, then he broke out laughing and threw one of his own fries at him.
Meg hummed. “Normally, I’d say you think too highly of yourself, but I see the way he looks at you. This might be even better than what we originally planned.” She crossed her arms in front of her chest. “And I hope you fucked whatever itch you had out of your system so we can proceed with you having a clear head again.”
“Yes,” Jimmy replied, voice steady. But Castiel knew him. He could see that he was scared, too. Which was… more touching than unnerving. He really did care.
“You can read thoughts?” Dean interrupted the conversation, suddenly alarmed.
“Nah. Thought about it, but I know when I’m not wanted.” Balthazar made some space for Castiel.
“Is there a problem, Dean?” Castiel asked, a glint in his eyes and Dean could tell that he was biting down a smirk. Dean narrowed his eyes. That fucker definitely knew what watching him stretch and contort had done to Dean.
Castiel chuckled but he had to agree. “Whose idea was it to go to bed fully dressed?”
Dean was starting to seriously consider a dip when something vaguely tentacle-like broke the surface a few meters away. It wasn’t close enough to reach him, but he still sat back and pulled his arm from the water, dragging Castiel back, as well.
“Hmm,” Castiel hummed. He was not going to lie and say he hadn’t. “Go home, Dean. Get some rest. Tomorrow is a new day.”
“I don’t think that’s ever gonna happen,” Dean mumbled.
“Right,” Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose. “Fuck, he better. They’re good men.”
The cinnamon rolls could wait.
“Blind edition,” Dean added, sounding morose.
Feeling overwhelmed and even more out of control, Castiel really needed to claim some power back. He quickly broke the kiss and instead mouthed his way down Dean’s body until he was situated between his legs again. “Keep… talking to me?” Castiel asked.
“Hrm,” Castiel crossed his arms in front of his chest. “Can’t blame me for trying.”
“You owe me big for this one, Winchester.” Rowena was audible over the crashing of the waves. “As do you, Anael.”
However when they both got into his backseat together and Jimmy turned in his seat to be the bigger man and congratulate the happy couple, they both looked far from happy. “What is it?” He asked, immediately concerned again.
“Hello, Sammy,” Dean greeted.
Initially he wanted to nudge him off, but when he discovered Dean had actually fallen asleep, Castiel started to gently stroke his hair instead. He looked down, watching Dean peacefully doze, admiring the way his eyelids framed his perfectly symmetrical face until he was startled by the sound of a phone camera going off.
“You can’t know that for sure,” Ana sighed, emptying the last of her rum.
He stood on the last branch that the helmet had indicated as safe to rest his full weight on while he reached for another one, when suddenly he could hear it cracking. Castiel quickly grabbed for the closest branch, trying to stay in the tree, but it was to no avail. Once set in motion, he crashed down along with the branch, hearing something crack as he hit the ground. Fruit and smaller branches were coming down next and hitting his head.
Could he really leave not knowing what the consequences for him would be? He was assigned Castiel’s case. It would be on him if Castiel fled the country. Also, Jimmy would then definitely believe that it had been Castiel’s account all along and that Jimmy had been right all those years ago, after all.
Dean had started begging a while ago, but now his pleas got more desperate. “It’s ok, Dean,” Castiel assured him. “Come whenever you want.”
Castiel closed his eyes and swallowed. “Ok.”
When he came to, it was to Castiel’s frantic face above him, shaking him awake. “Dean. Dean!” Castiel looked instantly relieved when he realized Dean was alert. “You had me really worried.”
“Side salad?” Castiel asked instead.
“What?” Dean frowned, looking at him. He said he was ok with dinner. What else?
Dean frowned. “I thought you said you didn’t ok it.”
“Well shit. I’m sorry. You must really hate that guy, huh?” Dean was already trying to come up with an alternative job he could be doing on this tour, just in case Castiel asked him next - full well knowing this would bite him in the ass later when they would be properly introduced or he‘d even get a chance at an interview after all.
They both sobered at the same time and Dean winced at his words. “Whatever.” Castiel shrugged. “Lame excuse. See if there’ll be a next time.” Castiel grinned but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. Still. Dean appreciated the effort. And there fucking better be a next time.
“D’uh.” Ruby waved her hand towards the hallway, where the girl Castiel had talked to last was trying to get past the bouncer and the bodyguards who had followed the band.
Dean bit his lip and watched transfixed as Castiel got out an ointment that he applied with light touches. It immediately took the worst of the sting away and cooled his heated skin. “Thank you,” Dean mumbled. “You’re too good to me.” He didn’t even know why he said that, but Meg had just made him feel so… worthless.
“How do you think your twitter account gets any traffic? You gotta lure them with the cute. If you’d get a shop cat like I keep suggesting…” Castiel teased him.
“So if I was worse at my job, you’d treat me badly?” Castiel questioned, sure of what the answer would be.
to people, anyway. And maybe he’d succeeded with tentatively blossoming friendships in the kitchen. But connecting for the long haul had not been high on his list of priorities.
Castiel smiled down at him. “It’s amazing how much we can get used to and accept, even if it’s harmful to us,” Castiel explained. Dean stared up at him. Yeah. That sounded… wise. Again, the words tried to connect to something in the back of his mind, but he wasn’t quite there yet. “Don’t worry, Dean. Soon, you’ll be able to get all the rest you need. I promise, you will sleep better than you ever have before.”
And he can‘t deny that having a bed to push Castiel on before undressing him is a lot better than relocating to Baby on a cold bridge.
Jimmy chewed on his lip. “Yeah, about that…” He spread his hands out in front of himself. “Listen, Cas. Before we go on, I gotta apologize. I did look into your old file again as well, and… I believe you now. I am sorry I didn’t when it was crucial.”
Dean turned his head and kissed the palm of Castiel’s hand. “I’m glad to hear you say this.” He reached out to touch Castiel’s shoulders. “You think you can get the books? Maybe Meg is keeping track of where the money goes.”
It came out in a voice much smaller than he’d intended and his brother got up, closing the distance and pulling Castiel out of his chair. “C’mere,” he said and wrapped Castiel in a tight hug, rocking him, when Castiel just held on.
Oh, no. “It’s broken,” Castiel realized. If the suit was broken, what did that mean for his leg?
“Morning.” Dean smiled. He knelt in front of the bed and reached out to push some of Castiel’s hair out of his face. The gesture seemed very intimate but not out of place. Castiel frowned. “God, you’re adorable.”
Once he’d reached the shore, it wasn’t hard to follow the group’s footsteps into the jungle and towards the main part of town. He’d been in Port Newhaven before and knew where the prison was, so he headed that way.
Cas came back in later that day, from the looks of it straight from a shift at the docks. Dean’s heart ached at how tired he looked. Cas was so smart, yet he had to keep working odd jobs and barely scraped by. All because he’d been set up at college. By his own brother no less.
“It’s enough for me to know my charges are being taken care of,” Castiel told him. “And now that you work in the kitchen, I know you’ll make sure they’re well fed and healthy.” He finished wrapping his hands and placed a small kiss on Dean’s wrist, to the skin just where the bandage stopped. “So in a way, you
“Really?” Dean asked in a small voice. “You’re not mad at me for telling you all of this?”
“What are you thinking about?” Cas asked, pulling back so he could look at him.
Cas shrugged. “Yeah. Kept me out of jail. Actually helped me out of my funk when I first got out, too.”
He woke up on a cot in unfamiliar surroundings, his head still pounding and feeling really cold. He reached out to pull his blanket tighter around him and was stopped by soft hands who did it for him.
“Hey, what the fuck?” Dean protested, about to pick another from the tree, but Castiel dragged him towards another tree that also had fruit, but a different kind. This time, Dean stayed back and let the alien pick it first. Analyze it, he realized.
His plans were dashed when Castiel put the thermos on the nightstand, looking apologetic. “I’ve gotta go make my usual rounds, teach a class and check up on things,” he explained vaguely.
He turned to leave for the bathroom and Castiel reared up. “Oh, Jimmy?”
He saw neither Dean nor Ana at dinner that night, but sat with Charlie and mostly learned more about the chickens. He knew he should use the opportunity to milk her for information on the crew, and especially Dean, but it just didn’t come up. And he still had time, he reasoned. Besides, knowledge about the chickens was equally vital for his mission. He had to blend in and be good at the job he pretended he’d done multiple times before, after all.
Dean was given a chance to get his own belongings before the compound was searched from top to bottom. Since he’d only come here with one set of clothes, he went to Castiel’s room instead. He sat down on the bed, touching the sheets and looking around. It didn’t seem like Castiel had any personal belongings Dean could save. Maybe his tea collection, but it would definitely look suspicious if Dean carried those out of here.
Charlie came to his rescue. “Hate to say it, Dean-o, but you were the one who just snuggled into him as soon as you got sleepy.”
“No Dean, this is something you just decided on your own. You did that. Don’t thank me.” Castiel touched Dean’s cheek and then let his hand trail down over his arm. “I am happy for you and here to provide whatever support you need.”
“Just no,” Castiel confirmed, clipped.
“I really am sorry. You have been nothing but kind to me and I…” Dean trailed off. “Tell me how I can make this up to you.”
“What do you mean?” Castiel played dumb.
“Hey, you started this,” Dean accused him.
“But Loki is spelled with an I,” Dean interjected. He knew that. He liked that character.
Dean called Henriksen and reported in that Meg had turned violent and tried to murder Castiel.  And, that he was afraid if they waited any longer, she’d get free and destroy evidence now that she knew she was under investigation. It was enough to launch the raid early.
“Please.” Jimmy gave him a look. “One, I could definitely hack that, and two, I don’t use public wifi to connect to FBI servers. Jesus.”
Castiel frowned right back. “I don’t think I know what you mean.”
“Do you want some pajamas or are you good?” Castiel asked.
When the temperature changes, he realizes they‘re not on the bridge anymore. They‘re back in the bunker, in Dean‘s room. Two nightstands surrounding his bed. And he smiles. “Did you…?“ He asks when they finally break apart.
“Leave him be,” Dean said, stepping in between them. “He’s still in shock, can’t you see?”
After yoga, Castiel had better timing. When he went to the kitchens, he found out that Dean had left for the orchard again, so he could sneak into the pantry and replace the tea with the new one that had just arrived, making sure to add only half of the powdered shrooms he usually added.
Dean squeezed Castiel’s thigh under the table, letting him know how much he appreciated being the exception and his lengthy explanations. It made sense. Mostly. Something still niggled him in the back of his brain, but maybe he was just being a little paranoid. Or he wanted to avoid having the talk with Castiel later. That actually made sense.
His table companion hesitated, but then he smiled hesitantly. “Cas,” he replied.
He moved his hand lower, caressing Dean’s perineum before moving even further, using the saliva and precum that had dribbled down to coat his fingers and caress Dean’s opening, just circling it with a soft pressure, more of a tease of what was to come.
Dean stared. It was an egg. Cas had laid an egg. Dean kept staring back and forth between Castiel and the egg and… he’d had sex with a bird. With an alien bird. And he didn’t even actually
As soon as they were out of the harbor, Dean came over with a burly man in tow. Castiel had seen drawings of him; he was assumed to be the first mate. So when Dean introduced him as Benny, Castiel naturally extended his hand. “You must be the first mate. I heard a lot about you.”
“Three months.” Castiel replied. It was one of the smaller expeditions, but for someone like Dean, surely that would be too long.
“I hope you’re right.” Castiel gave her a small smile. “Maybe I deserve to go to jail for this though. After all, it’s my flock I couldn’t protect. And that was my one and only goal. I failed. I should be punished for that.”
Dean told her he’d stick to his water for now but definitely made a mental note and would ask Castiel about it later. He wasn’t sure why, but something felt off about the idea that everyone else was drinking something different from the leader.
And that’s what he did. By mid-afternoon he was hungry again, but he steadfastly ignored his growling stomach. The later it got, the harder it got to concentrate. That’s why fasting would’ve been better. An empty stomach didn’t complain. He held his tummy and glared at it, continuing to ignore it and work on. He had phone calls to make.
“Do you want to… come by and see it?” Dean dares to ask.
“Don’t kid yourself, Gabe. Ketch will get you. You were already on his list before we met.” Guy Two yelled, but Guy One just kept walking. When he was gone, a gorgeous blonde woman appeared. She had long curly hair and a doll-like face.
Dean chuckled. “Oh man. Now my kind is gonna hate on me too. Soon enough I really can’t enter the backstage without my own bodyguard.”
The last one had been a new revelation. Dean knew his brother turned him in, but after meeting the man himself, Dean wouldn’t be surprised if he’d played an even bigger role, too. Of course he’d never bring it up in front of Cas and make it worse for him.
“It’s night at Port Newhaven. This is not an elite unit,” Sam supplied. “Smart thinking, Castiel.”
Castiel looked at him with wide eyes. Last night he’d finally slept, and he had just the one dream. A guy with a cross on his hand. His door being kicked in. A gun pointed at him. He’d thought it was just a nightmare related to them getting shot at just a few hours before, but…
Castiel sighed. “It‘s not… it‘s not that I‘m ashamed or trying to stay in the closet. I just didn‘t want to risk a picture of the both of us clearly post sex.“
Bela rolled her eyes but held up her hands. “It was Lilith, okay?”
A tiny voice in the back of his head yelled at him that this was the enemy and he shouldn‘t be too vulnerable, but if the alien hadn’t killed him yet, chances were pretty good that he wasn’t waiting for Castiel to fall asleep to do it. And he really did need the rest.
“Shit,” Guy Two cursed, looking around frantically and shielding her from any possible onlookers from the street. “Not now.”
He sighed, thinking about John, and vowing to never abandon Mary, even for a day.
“What the fuck?” Dean took a hold of the ladder, but didn’t climb up, instead glaring at Castiel. “Is that what you thought?”
“One day I’ll tell you.” Castiel sighed. He placed another kiss on Dean’s skin and then he looked up, smiling again. “Seeing how we’ll have the rest of our lives to fill with conversation.”
He’d been lonely. He never wanted to admit it to himself and buried himself in his work, but Anael was the closest friend he’d had, and obviously they hadn’t been friends at all. Jimmy didn’t kid himself. He knew that was mostly his own fault. He really did never try to actually befriend her. Who knows, maybe he could’ve swayed her, kept her on the straight and narrow.
Dean hummed and slowly untangled himself. “Better?”
Dean thought about it. He wasn’t sure how all of it worked and Cas hadn’t really told him much about his hacking activities after he got out of jail until last night. Probably because then he would have also had to admit that he’d used Dean’s laptop for those. “You didn’t find anything truly illegal from earlier than two years ago, right?”
“How’s Dean doing?” She asked.
“So what are my duties going to be from now on?” Castiel asked.
He could feel Dean letting out the breath he was holding and saw his arms tremble in response. Dean’s eyes grew wide and he let go, lying down on the mat.
“Good,” Dean confirmed, leaning up to close the gap for another kiss.
When Castiel reverently cradled the slightly larger than ostrich sized egg and cooed at it, Dean also touched it, strangely compelled to make sure this was real, that this egg was a real thing that had just happened. Touching it, something zapped through his brain and he felt warm and content, like his daughter was smiling at him. It was the weirdest feeling, but he went with it, smiling in return and feeling happy. And kinda proud. And protective.
Castiel lifted his arms and smiled back. “Even if it left me weaker and with no added benefits, I’d still do everything in my power to keep you safe, Dean. And giving you the ability to self-heal is all the reason I need.”
When Castiel was done running through salutations three times, he faced Dean, whose expression went from serene to terrified within seconds.
“Ok, Cas. I’m gonna show you a photo and you tell me if that’s Odin.” Castiel looked panicked before Jimmy had even held up his phone, but he ignored it and held up the device anyway, studying Cas’ face. He knew before Cas had even grown fully pale.
“I sorta imagine you in silk pajamas at home,” Castiel guessed, pointing his fork at him before spearing a piece of bacon. “You seem the type.”
Now it was Dean’s turn to raise his eyebrow. “Jess,” Sam continued. “You can tell me everything you know, and I’ll see if we can’t build a case.”
With a groan, Dean finally gave up and rolled over, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. “What? Do you need to pee?”
“Where do we go?” Jessica asked, hands raised protectively as if just waiting to put up another shield. Could she even do that on her own? Castiel suddenly wished he’d delved deeper into the world of magic instead of staying as far away from it as possible.
“Shush!” Castiel glared at him, making a zipping motion in front of his lips to be just that little bit more patronizing and then pointing at the two men in front of them who were still talking.
“Have fun work…” Jimmy bit his own tongue hard. No. He would not let his anger control him and fuck this up yet again. When he let go he could actually taste copper but he had reached the trailer park and Cas hadn’t fled yet. “I respect your decision,” he said instead of his intended dig at his menial job.
Castiel felt fine and he suspected Dean had conspired with Charlie on that diagnosis, but he also didn’t complain. Real life could start again later.
Dean’s fingers found their way into Castiel’s hair and he petted it soothingly. “You’re snuggly, too,” Dean mumbled in a soft voice, sounding amused. Castiel hummed a reply that was supposed to be a denial, but it was warm and cozy under the blankets and Dean was definitely not as cold as he’d claimed to be.
Dean had initially thought it was for more shelter, maybe a tent. And he could use a blanket, but hadn’t dared to ask for it yet. He was speculating on the pelt when Castiel was done with it. Though by now he had gotten used to sleeping close to the fire, and close to Castiel, his touch always helped whenever the cold got too bad. So when he realized Castiel intended to make clothes, he happily joined in.
Shit. Castiel’s eyes widened. “Yeah, too much carbs. You’re right,” he quickly amended, seeing Dean relax a little. “What do you feel like?”
“Nonsense,” Castiel replied, touching a finger to Dean’s lips to get him to stop biting them. “You deserve to be taken care of, Dean. That’s why you’re here, isn’t it? Because you realized you are worth more than what the outside world tells you?”
He shrugged and checked on his protein bars and stash of water. Everything seemed to be in order. He had to make sure to find a way to accept the next food and water drop before anyone else found it though. The security at night wasn’t strong, or rather, it had felt nonexistent on his first night, when he snuck off to the fence to meet his partner, but still.
“Fuck,” Ana cursed and before Castiel could even react, she’d jumped over the railing and straight into the whirlpool herself. Castiel ran to watch, but the vortex closed with an audible whoosh and all that was left was the sea. Even the black goo wasn’t visible anymore. He blinked.
“I can’t bear to see you hurt,” Castiel explained, his thumb still on Dean’s skin. He slowly trailed it downwards, over Dean’s chin and part of his throat before he stopped. “Sorry.”
“I guess.” Dean replied. He knew he was hurting Cas, now. He could see it in his eyes. But this was just… a lot. How were they even compatible? “I’ll go gather food,” he announced. He really had to get out of there. “Especially since you’re… eating for two now.” Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck.
“You are the best assistant I’ve ever had,” Dean told him, then he sighed, pushing his plate away. He realized he actually ate almost all of it without mentally counting the calories. A first in a long time. “We should maybe talk about this.”
Dean beamed in reply, but Castiel could tell he was trying to tone it down. Poor boy was really not used to praise. But he’d get there, with Castiel by his side.
Dean mock-pouted, wrapping his arms around the shirt. “No, that’s mine now.”
“Set the sails and let’s get out of here!” Castiel yelled. He wasn’t sure if they’d actually dropped the anchor, but he trusted the crew to know to reel it in, first. The crew, however, just stared at him.
“Didn’t want to upstage you,” Castiel joked. But then he bit his lip. “I really didn’t want to be too flashy. I’m just a secretary, after all.”
“What’s my favorite color?” Odin asked. “Do I have any siblings? How many languages do I speak?”
Castiel tilted his head as if he was considering. “I was gonna bend you over the couch and rail you, but I can be merciful,” he said, conversationally. Dean dropped his head. No. No, he was not going to survive this man and stay the same. “Let’s take this to bed,” Castiel decided.
“You gonna eat here?” Dean asked.
Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. He went to his cabinet and got out a bottle of Whiskey and started drinking.
“I…” Castiel frowned. Did he? He didn’t remember sleep to be this peaceful. To just suddenly wake up and time had passed. Back when his grace had faded, it was always restless and he remembered feeling cold and shivering before having nightmares.
But not in his frigging coffee shop while he was working.
The alien was just frowning at him in reply. When the helmet beeped again, he took a step back, hand moving near his weapon. Castiel quickly put his helmet on the ground and held up both of his hands to indicate that he meant to harm. Only when the alien relaxed and lowered his gun once more did Castiel cave and put on his helmet.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I played in a dive bar in front of twenty people. You think I had a stylist? I was broke, the stupid jeans were old and I’d just started running.” He pointed towards his legs, wearing sweatpants now, but Dean realized that Castiel’s trademark had become laced up leather pants. This probably explained it. “But hey, my thick thighs paid off.”
“You fucking know what I mean, Chaos,” Jimmy accused him and Castiel was
After a few more minutes, Dean finally let go and reached for a few tissues, looking embarrassed. “Sorry, I just… I don’t understand why you’re so good to me. I don’t deserve it.”
After spotting Dean instructing a small number of men, Castiel walked over to interrupt. “Can I help?”
Castiel pulled off with a frown and rested his head on Dean’s hip to hide his expression. He took a few deep breaths before trying to suck a hickey into the sensitive skin to mask that he had to pull off.
“What?” Dean flushed and crossed his arms in front of his chest.
After quickly coating his cock with the rest of the lube, Castiel wiped his hand on the towel and then placed both of them on Dean’s hips to help guide him. Dean held Castiel’s cock steady and then slowly sank down, supporting himself by squeezing Castiel’s shoulder.
“Can we?” Castiel questioned even as Dean already nodded in relief.
That warranted another positive reinforcement and Castiel cupped Dean’s cheeks and leaned in as if he was going to kiss him, but at the last second diverted, went on his tiptoes and kissed his forehead instead. Dean looked appropriately disappointed when Castiel pulled back and Castiel lingered, his fingertips trailing down Dean’s face in a featherlight caress, before he abruptly took a step back.
everyone on this compound. Part of him wanted to run as far away as possible before he ultimately got hurt, but the rest of him was happy to stay and soak it up for as long as it lasted.
“Oh, Jimmy,” Castiel replied softly. He had no idea his brother felt that way. “It was the opposite. Using your name… our name…” He squeezed Jimmy’s hand. “I liked being Chaos. I liked what we had. I… enjoyed being yours. And I guess I wanted to take a part of that with me on new adventures. So you’d always be with me, somehow.” He shrugged and let go, sitting back. It had hurt him a lot when he realized he could never use the name again. Or hear it without being reminded of how it had ended.
“I haven’t told anyone anything about you,” Castiel reassured her. “Jimmy still thinks you’re a guy.”
“I really tried to fuck it out, but man. I picked wrong tonight.” Castiel chuckled and covered his mouth with his hands. “See? That’s what Bobby was trying to prevent.”
“It’s a secret,” Dean replied, still feeling a little loopy. He had to pay a fee to get into the weight loss community where he got it from.
By the time he was done and dropped the paddle, Castiel himself was panting harshly, as well. He finished unbuttoning his shirt and took it off. Glad he was wearing slacks and boxers, he brushed a hand lightly across his own cock, just to tease himself. Dean first; he’d promised, and Dean deserved it. “You did so good, baby,” Cas praised. “So very, very good for me, Dean.”
“You new?“ A girl in a very short leather skirt and an artfully ripped Fallen Angels shirt asked him.
Dean frowned. But he hadn’t been. The alien had dragged him out before the explosion. Or had the alien rigged his ship to explode so Dean had no way of calling for help?
Dean nipped at his bottom lip. “We got all night. Don‘t worry.“ He freed his hands but only so he had full usage of both of his to roam all over Castiel‘s body instead, not letting him up from the wall yet. After a little more kissing and groping, Dean reluctantly pulled back. He would prefer a hot burger himself.
Dean hummed and didn’t help much, other than lifting his arms when needed. Soon enough, Castiel had gotten him naked and, thinking about Ana’s words about body heat, undressed himself, as well. He was half-drenched by now, anyway.
Castiel‘s face fully lit up. “Next time,“ he agreed. Then he picked up his burger and took a large bite, closing his eyes and moaning obscenely.
Castiel glared at him. “I hate you.” He inhaled his still too hot coffee and considered asking Balthazar for a cooling spell. But if you gave him the small finger, it would surely end in disaster. “It’s not even true.” The surface didn’t need to be flat. Castiel would also get horizontal on a lumpy bed or over a sofa or...
Dean went to bed making plans for when the trial was finally behind them.
Dean snorted. He couldn’t help it. It was ridiculous and also, if this led to them fucking each other? The irony.
“I’m not gonna pry, but if you want to tell me…” Castiel offered.
Dean snorted. “Alright, I hear you. Addict.” He moved away from the wall and interlaced his fingers with Cas’, only letting go when he had to banish him behind the counter while Dean prepared his Americano.
Dean hummed in agreement, raking his fingernails down Castiel’s back. “Gonna look even more forward to the weekends now,” he mumbled, knowing he’d probably crack and not make it all week without this.
A few days later, when Dean entered the cave carrying another stack of wood for their fire, Castiel was having a bad day. He looked up from where he was sitting propped up against the stone, mending Dean’s jacket with flax and a makeshift needle he must have created from a sturdy splinter. “I’m sorry you have to carry everything alone, Dean. I hope to be fixed soon.”
“Play with your nipples for me,” Castiel ordered, feeling a spark run through him when Dean complied immediately, pinching and rubbing his already abused nipples. He rewarded him with another brush against his prostate.
“Of course not.” Castiel followed the detective to his car, a beautiful old Chevy Impala, and he couldn’t help but stroke the hood appreciatively before he got in. A gesture not missed by Dean, who smirked in silent reply.
Dean knew coffee shop etiquette required him to just sit down, ignore the other patron and do his thing and he really had to finish his paper, but… “I’m Dean,” he introduced himself.
“Cheryl?” Dean prompted.
“But I didn’t fuck him?” Dean’s voice raised an octave higher and he drowned half the glass. What the fuck?
After taking a long drink and refilling his bottle, Dean realized that Castiel had drunk a lot less than he had, and wasn’t filling a container for later. “Need less water than me, huh? That must be nice.”
“She’s definitely cutting me out. Heaven will not help us with this.” Castiel looked heartbroken about it.
“No,” Castiel shook his head. “I think maybe she was honest last night. If I leave the country, it’ll be fine. She won’t arrange for me to get arrested at the airport. She just needs me gone before I can blow her cover.”
“It’s not disgusting. It’s more healthy than that mass manufactured trash normal people use.” Castiel shrugged. “But yes. That is another reason why I use it.”
And there were so many reasons. Ethical boundaries. Self-preservation. Castiel took a deep breath. “Dean…” He had to utter a last warning. “If you push me, this is not going back in the box. You open it, we’ll have to deal with it, however long this operation takes.” And maybe further still. Dean was… Castiel had no words. But he already knew this would never just be a one-night fling.
He was woken up to Dean struggling to get out of his arms. “Dean? What?” Castiel frowned, trying to shake off sleep. Dean didn’t feel so cold anymore, but he was still clammy.
“Don’t worry,” Castiel told him. “It’ll get easier. You’re doing really well for now.”
,” Meg replied, shaking her head.
“There’s a sea snake eating my brethren half a day south of here. I call in a favor,” the head mermaid, Rowena, explained. They were all wearing differently styled tops—some more revealing than others—made out of a mixture of seashells, algae and something glittery. Scales? They were quite pleasing to the eye. Rowena was additionally wearing something akin to a small golden crown.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I didn’t see anything.” Castiel replied, head held high, and continuing his way towards the street. The sun was just coming up, creating an ephemeral glow around Castiel as he stepped out onto the street and into the light. It pissed Dean off to no end. He had no right to look this angelic and beautiful right now. Especially not walking away from what they’d just seen. Fucking magical bullshit. Dean didn’t have time for this either. With a huff, he turned around and walked back to his crime scene to find some real, hard evidence; emphasis on
“I don’t know why she would think that.” Castiel scratched at his eyebrow and then opened another drawer, getting out the burner phone he’d bought under Meg’s name. “Here, Dean. I’ve seen Meg use this. Maybe you should call and start that raid early?”
He was just checking the database when a person in a well tailored suit passed his desk. It was an unusual occurrence and Dean immediately scanned him for clues, eyes landing on a barely visible tattoo of a cross on his hand when he raised it to check his wristwatch.
“Cas,” he said, seeming nervous. “Do you have a minute? We need to talk.”
“Awesome.” Sam pumped his fist. “You’re my favorite brother. Have I told you yet?”
“It’s tea, Cas. How much worse can it taste?” Dean replied, but added a wink.
“Try to get him on tape admitting his new alias,” Anael suggested. Or ordered. Jimmy wasn’t sure.
Jimmy cocked his head, reminding him even more of Castiel than usual. “I see you watched some TV.”
Dean chuckled softly. “You regard me too highly.”
, but this is the reason I’m here.” He took a deep drag, keeping it in before blowing the smoke back out, right in Dean’s direction.
. “I made us tea,” Castiel announced, going to pour them both a mug, pleased to see Dean follow and stay close.
“In,” he said one last time, nuzzling Dean’s neck. “And out.” Castiel sighed, placing his head on top of Dean’s shoulder and slowly letting him go. After a last kiss to Dean’s skin, he took a step back. “And that concludes today’s lesson.”
Dean eagerly nodded. “Yes. What kind of treat do I get?”
“Trust me,” Castiel quipped.
close to punching him in his stupid face. “Or is it Loki now?” Jimmy continued to taunt him. “It is, isn’t it? I’m not dumb. We all know that’s you.”
Castiel smiled against his lips and thrust his leg between Dean’s, making out with him for a while and forgetting why this was a bad idea. Eventually, he had to let go, smoothing Dean’s hair down a bit from where his tugging had made it stand up in spikes. “The sooner we get to dinner, the sooner we’re back in my room,” he explained.
“You resisted quite long, yourself,” Dean interjected. “Didn’t think Ana would get to you in time. And, for that matter, thought you’d have jumped way before she even started singing again, unrestrained as you were.”
His next series done, Dean was breathing raggedly, not lifting his head from the pillow. “Still ok, baby?” Castiel asked.
With a moan, Dean buried his hands in Castiel’s hair and scratched his scalp when Castiel sucked one of his nipples between his lips. Dean rocked his hips, going wild, and Castiel relished having discovered another sensitive spot on Dean’s body. He sucked and licked around the nipple until Dean had turned to tugging on his hair, trying to get him to let go, and then he kissed his way over to the other side, repeating his motions.
“What? That I’ll have you removed if you don’t perform anymore?” Castiel chuckled. Dean didn’t find it all too funny and he must have sensed it, because Castiel cupped his cheek. “Dean, I didn’t let you on to have a fuck buddy. I really did enjoy your articles immensely and I look forward to reading your piece on my band.”
“Who’s been attacking you?” Dean asked, joining them.
“Hunt gone bad,” Sam says, not elaborating.
“I’d like that, Dean.” Castiel gave him a shy smile. They both knew they were talking the long run here and it was kinda nice that neither of them made a big deal out of it. They reached the car and Donna was waiting for them to see them off.
“Want to take me down a peg?” Castiel asked, wagging his eyebrows. “I promise you the real Castiel. Repeat optional.”
After Dean was done, he pulled up his legs and leaned into Castiel, just soaking up his warmth while Castiel polished off his own, slightly bigger, sandwich. When Castiel sat down his plate, he wrapped his arm around Dean to pull him in even more and placed a kiss to the top of his head.
Castiel passed a hand over his face. Great. He struggled to get up and was surprised when the alien came to help him. “Thank you,” Castiel supplied, putting as much gratitude into the cadence of his voice as he could and the alien smiled, nodding his head. Apparently he understood that. Castiel smiled back.
“Yes,” Dean quickly agreed. This would save him from actually coming up with allergies he might have and being caught in a lie later on. And this way, he could make sure he knew what he was ingesting. Food he cooked himself and bottled water. He couldn’t wait to never eat those damn protein bars, ever again.
As soon as he stepped out of the shower, he was startled by Balthazar hanging out near the towel rack. “Jesus fuck. Couldn’t have waited until I was outside?”
Henriksen just gave him a look. “You do know what hippies like to do, right?”
“Sure,” Dean agreed.
Rowena looked at him and Dean could tell she was enjoying this immensely. He decided to cut straight to the chase. “We seemed to have… accidentally bonded. Is there a way to break it?”
Except Dean had chosen to save him. Maybe they were ruled by a tyrant? Castiel still remembered the dark decade when Lucifer had ruled over the Ceruleans and had tried to change their principles. Not only had he invested a large portion of the government’s funding into weapons research, but he‘d also started a televised fighting event, promoting the winners and insisting they wouldn‘t heal the losers. It was barbaric and thankfully his brothers had rebelled against him; after Lucifer was ousted, the next eldest sibling had claimed the position of supreme leader for himself.
“I’m so sorry,” he said. “I didn’t mean for that to happen.” In his other hand, his helmet was beeping, but Castiel refused to put it on. He hadn’t meant to violate the alien’s trust, and didn’t want to break their fragile truce.
“Better the devil you know.” Dean shrugged. “Didn’t expect you to… help and stuff.”
“Someone who will heal…” Castiel tried to find a different word. “Make the leg better.”
“Of course,” Castiel nodded gravely. “The community thanks you.” He poked Dean in the side, right into the spot he knew was ticklish by now.
“Brother,” Anna replied, passing the scouts who were still holding back and wrapping him up in a hug. “I was afraid I’d be too late.”
“I don’t know, maybe she’s a prodigy. Maybe she took it over. But Odin is definitely female,” Castiel elaborated. “That’s why I never used male pronouns. It was the only hint I felt comfortable giving you.”
“I’m warning you,” Dean replied, getting up slowly. “I’m clumsy.”
Dean shifted and suddenly Castiel nailed him just right, brushing against his prostate on every stroke. “Oh shit,” Dean hissed, letting go of Cas and leaning back further, undulating his hips and grinding more than thrusting.
“I’m sorry I’m such a mess,” Dean mumbled, curling in on himself as much as his position allowed him to. Castiel followed, molding his body to Dean’s in hopes of providing comfort. “I’m pathetic.”
And maybe it was selfish, but during his short time here - and it was short for him, thank you very much - Dean has started to accept it. He deserves to be here. Bobby and all the other hunters deserve to be here. Castiel deserves to be here. With him. In his Heaven. Forever.
Dean smiled. “You know I’ve been doing this for years, right? And this here has been my least dangerous assignment. I can protect myself.”
Dean just mumbled incoherently again, this time more thanks than curses audible. With a smile, Castiel got back up and took out the plug, keeping his other hand on the beads to make sure they still stayed in. “Ok, Dean, whenever you’re ready.”
It caused Dean to get up as well and come to check for himself. Not thinking about the fact that he was naked, Castiel opened the door to see if those sandwiches were still there. “Dude,” Dean chastised him because he was just as naked and in sight of the open door, but nobody was outside and Castiel was just getting the plate on autopilot.
“Good boy,” he praised once again. “You can stop now. Just brush your poor nipples gently. Soothe them.” Castiel rubbed himself against the sheets at the filthy whine Dean let out. Ok, fuck. Enough teasing.
Cas looked at him and chuckled. “I guess that’s why we will end up working out. We’re complimenting each other.” Dean smiled back at him. It was a lovely thought. “By which I don’t mean you’re not smart!” Cas added hastily. “Fuck, I keep messing this up.”
“Costa Rica,” Castiel revealed, watching Dean’s reaction carefully.
“Cas,” Dean replied, warmth blooming in his chest at the way Castiel still said his name, full of wonder and meaning.
Castiel closed his eyes and the name was in his head. “Mary,” he relayed. “She says her name is Mary.”
Castiel widened his eyes, refusing to blink to make his eyes tear up, going for hurt and pulling his hands back, wrapping them around himself. “You are here to investigate
“I don’t generally care for ‘the press’.” He made air quotes. “They write what they want anyway.” Castiel pointed at Dean. “But now that you’re here, you can stay.”
Dean chuckled. “For one, most of them don’t believe in mermaids until it is too late,” Dean explained. “But also, it wasn’t easy to come by. Mermaids are cunning and petty. If they found out this secret had been passed around, they’d find other ways to kill us. Otherwise, I’d have all my men wear one.”
Looking chagrined, Balthazar shrugged. “It’s to protect you, like I always said. You just assumed it would dampen your powers.”
“Point taken,” Jimmy acknowledged. “I’ll reign it in.” He grabbed his coffee and cupcake and found a spot close to the window so he could people watch outside and inside of the coffee shop.
A look at Ana made him cringe because she was holding her arm, apparently some of the poison had hit her. But Castiel couldn’t have pushed them both away. “I’m sorry!” He shouted, anyway.
“So at least some of what she said was the truth,” Dean concluded. “I’m sure she genuinely cared about you.” At some point. Probably. Dean sure didn’t have to like her. But he hoped it would make it easier for Cas to believe he hadn’t been duped for years.
you’re dealing with?” Castiel’s eyes narrowed dangerously and oh, he was pissed now, too. Dean swallowed. That might give him the fight he was itching for. But it was also… goddamn hot.
Once there, he didn’t start a discussion about the rose petals, he just pushed Castiel over to lie on top of them, enjoying the view for a few seconds, before Castiel beckoned him closer with a crooked finger. With a grin, Dean grabbed the lube and threw one of the condoms in their general direction and then crawled on the bed, positioning himself between Castiel’s thighs.
“No!” Dean barked and got out of the car. Looking back and seeing Sam’s crestfallen expression, he sighed. “Listen, I’ll get you an autograph, ok?” Sam still didn’t look pleased. “And maybe, if I’m still on this job when he plays in Austin, I could try and get you a VIP ticket.” Dean regretted it as soon as the words left his lips. Fuck. He hated using his job to score freebies. Maybe he could buy it.
“Human trafficking? What the fuck?” Bela stomped her heel into Dean’s foot and made him temporarily lose his grip on both her and the gun. Castiel saw it coming, though, and moved swiftly to snatch the gun before Bela could get her hands on it, aiming it at her with a steady pose, ready to fire.
“I’ll officially write it. It’ll have a Cyber Security watermark. They’d be fools not to hire you,” Jimmy reassured him. “Unless of course you’d want to come work for us now? I could…”
“Oh,” Dean nodded. That made sense. “You think they’ll take my phone next?”
“Once I found you petting them, I knew you were a good guy.” Charlie winked.
Dean chuckled. “Fair enough.” He glanced at the laptop in his bag, with the large file of questions to ask.
“We can always fuck later, my sweet boy. Just let me take you gently right now,” Castiel asked, almost
Castiel looked at the bag he was holding and then back at her, realizing that this opened up a new possibility. “Can I tell you a secret?”
Going by how happy the alien had been to find the water and how he had procured some for later, Castiel wondered if they needed more water than Castiel’s species did. Fascinating.
“What?” Castiel pulled back. “Why would I do that?”
“Yeah.” Dean made sure his brother was out of sight before taking Castiel’s hand and clasping their fingers. “So please follow me to my room and help me get patched up.”
“‘S ok,” Dean stammered out. “Not used to…” He wanted to say menial labour, but he didn’t want to get kicked out of the Farm. It had been hard enough getting in. “...this,” he finished lamely.
Castiel’s entrance into the room was accompanied by a loud snort. Dean had wisely already closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep, but it didn’t help. Castiel was at his side and pushing at his shoulder none too gently. “I don’t think so, Dean.”
“What? No!” Dean quickly clarified. “I meant people are not gonna stop loving you. On the contrary. If they knew more about you, or if everybody could see you live, you’d have a lot more admirers.”
Dean kissed him sweetly and then settled back down, pulling Castiel’s head into the crook of his neck and stroking his fingers through his hair. Dean’s other hand was awkwardly hovering next to them, as if Dean was afraid to clean it.
Dean made a note in his notepad to focus on Bobby some more later. Maybe even interview the man himself. “Do you ever wish your pants hadn’t ripped?”
“Boot down and pack up,” Castiel reminded him, but he was smiling now.
“Well, yeah.” Dean smiled. “Is it gonna suck? Of course. But only because we’ll have an interrupted honeymoon phase.” He cupped Castiel’s cheek and kissed him again, deepening it this time. “And I was really looking forward to that honeymoon phase.”
Castiel nodded, brushing his fingers over Dean’s forehead and pushing some of his stray hairs back. “No problem, Dean. Whatever you want.”
Castiel growled low in his throat and grabbed Dean, turning him around and slamming him into the table still holding his rolled-up kit. “Please. I don’t need tools to break you.”
“Please explain,” Castiel seemed frustrated that he had to ask.
Dean shrugged. “We got Jimmy back today. Those used to be his duties.” He drew a pattern on Castiel’s shoulder. “We’ll find something for you. You know your way around a ship, right?”
With that Dean turned around and stormed back to his trailer, not turning back around. He found his bunk bed, glad none of the other crew members he shared with were back yet and pulled the covers over his head. He wasn’t sure if he was more pissed or more embarrassed, but this evening really did not go well for him. To top if off, he was now also sexually frustrated, because fuck, he really did want to hook up with Castiel.
“Ah, dammit,” Castiel cursed, getting out two mugs and filling them. It was endearing to see him struggle. Castiel was usually so well put together and always prepared. But preparing an impromptu breakfast for two was clearly not his strong suit.
Thankfully his suit hadn’t gotten damaged in the crash, so it was able to analyze the water and report that it was safe to drink. For him. Shit. He didn’t even know if the alien also drank water like they did, or what he could or couldn’t ingest. His morphology seemed to be close enough to the Ceruleans’ to risk it, though.
Castiel flushed, hanging the jacket and vest back in the closet. “I’ll wear my vests if you wear more suspenders.”
When the tree had stopped coming down on him, Castiel found himself flat on the ground and staring up at the sky, his vision obstructed by Dean’s concerned face peering down at him.
The alien mumbled something and held a finger in the air, then pointed westwards. Castiel shrugged and decided to follow him. Maybe the alien had instincts he didn’t possess.
Dean’s concern made him smile and Castiel settled in on his unmade cot, using the time now that they both were online at the same time to text with Dean. Setting up could wait a little.
Dean looked crestfallen. Good. He should feel bad. If Castiel rewarded him now, Dean would never learn to be a good boy. While yes, Castiel wanted a partner, he wanted a partner who would
“Dean!” Castiel quickly got in the cab, pulling Dean in for a hug, which he immediately broke off, putting distance between them. “Oh, I mean…” He looked around self-consciously.
Castiel rolled his eyes, placing a hand on Mildred’s arm. “Yes, please,” he repeated. “But only if it’s not too much trouble. It’s more important that you feed the workers and not the two of us who chose to hole up here and ignore their responsibilities.”
“You know what I really want right now?“ Castiel licked his lips, eyes wide and happy and Dean had a few ideas.
“Dean!” Castiel exclaimed, immediately at his side.
“Shut up and come back here.” Castiel opened his arms and Dean took off his own boxers, throwing the lube on the cushion, and straddling Cas once again. This time their erections brushed and it was so much better already.
She met his gaze and then frowned, looking at Dean with a raised eyebrow. “Say it, Ana,” Dean commanded.
“Alright, Jimmy. You can get undressed now, as well,” Castiel commanded before he leaned closer to Dean. “You know, Dean, I don’t think you should suffer for what was essentially Jimmy’s mistake. Do you?” He asked, locking eyes with Jimmy, who was in the middle of taking off his pants. He opened his mouth to protest, but then thought better of it and silently kept undressing. He was learning. Good.
“Mhm,” Dean hummed, wiggling a bit. “Could fall asleep like that.”
Dean just had to hope for the best, because he was very much out of his depth, here. Castiel started stirring and Dean slowly detached himself in a way that would hopefully seem natural and neither offend Castiel nor give him a wrong impression. Then again, Dean could always claim it was an Earth custom to cuddle with the injured.
“That was playing dirty,” Dean grumped, first glaring at Rowena and then in Castiel’s direction.
“No, Cas!” Dean shuddered, despite his verbal protests doing as he was told, his cock rock hard and leaking precum. Castiel was pretty sure that he could get Dean to come if he closed his lips around his cock and sucked right now. It was tempting, but he was going for the bigger event this time.
“You ok?” he asked. Dean looked up at him through tears, but he nodded. Castiel hadn’t hit him very hard, so he wasn’t too worried about hurting him. But he still had to check. “We didn’t properly begin anything yet, but you do know that you can always safeword out, right?”
When their set was done, Dean went back to the VIP area, knowing Castiel would not join them yet as he was still clinging to his ritual to stay right behind the stage, keeping his focus. And Dean was not about to break it, no matter how long they hadn’t seen each other.
Castiel opened the blinds and cringed back when the sun hit his eyes. “It’s decidedly too nice outside to spend the day holed up in here,” he remarked.
He took off his helmet again and looked at his companion, who seemed to be asking if it was safe to drink. He decided to take his chance and repeated what he thought was the destroyers’ word for ‘safe’ and then nodded. The alien did a double take and chattered excitedly, but too fast for Castiel to follow.
He fell back asleep dreaming of lying on a beach with Dean in his arms.
“Me either,” Castiel replied, but then he ducked his head. “I could taste the coffee though.”
“Casteel?” Dean tried, but the sounds were completely foreign to him.
“Well, you like to be tied up, right? I think it’s fair to assume you’d love to be taken apart by the both of us. Just do whatever we want. Be our good boy?” Jimmy had lowered his voice towards the end and he sounded so much like Cas that Dean couldn’t help but squirm.
“Twelve days and fourteen hours,” Castiel supplied.
Dean once again let out a stuttering breath, looking up at him. “You. Breathe,” he ground out.
Sam was working on his own spell, further hidden from them while Dean was brandishing his iron sword at the swiping tentacles. He looked two seconds from jumping in and Castiel took a few steps closer to him so he could drag him bodily back, in case he snapped.
Castiel shook his head as he was gently shoved into the bedchamber. There was a gorgeous four-poster with red velvet drapes. It was the only real luxury Castiel had spotted on the ship so far.
They worked together seamlessly by now, having fallen into a daily rhythm of hunting and gathering. Castiel kept wearing some parts of his armor so he could analyze any new fruit or animal they found, and Dean had learned to trust his analyses.
“What, Jimmy?” Castiel smiled. He had a pretty good idea what Jimmy’s problem was. Castiel was thankfully faring better, but only because he’d already gotten off before they started.
With a smile, Castiel wrapped his arm back around Dean, pulling him close. He seemed to still be asleep and Castiel was touched that Dean was seeking him out even unconsciously. They hadn’t even spent that much time together yet, but all of their interactions had been intense. He couldn’t wait to spend more time with the real Dean, where he could be his true self as well. Not that he pretended too much with Dean anymore. But still. Some things he’d have to hide from Dean forever. Or at least until they were out of the country.
“True.” Castiel confirmed but then suddenly his eyes started to water. “But you’re out there alone. Unprotected. If anything happens to you…”
“I’m glad Dean is feeling much better,” Mildred informed him when she spotted Castiel, dashing his good mood.
He hopes Sam takes good care of Miracle. She was a good dog. Without her he probably wouldn‘t have made it as long, wouldn‘t have been able to pretend he was fine for as long as he had to not worry Sam too much. Eileen was back. Sam was happy. He‘d be happy now, too and live a long life.
For some reason, those exact words hit Dean deeply and he almost spontaneously burst into tears. All the times he had to take himself to the emergency room, or take Sam, came into his mind. “Tha… that’s…” he couldn’t finish and started to shake instead.
“You look tired, Dean,” Castiel remarked. “Are you not sleeping well?”
“I was going to tell you in the new year. I got accepted at Stanford and so did Jess. It’s not a full ride, but Jess’s parents are going to put us up. And they’ve already arranged a job for me.” Sam tried to tone down his excitement but Dean could tell that he was only doing so for his sake.
Mildred chuckled, then she paled. “Wait. I’ve been brewing the tea. Does that mean I am drugging all these poor people?”
“Uhm, you know when I saw you pee? In my species, only males have that… part of their body.” Dean vaguely gestured, flushing a little.
Castiel straightened his posture, somehow proud that he’d earned Dean’s trust. Finally. After at least five cases together. But usually Castiel just met him once, touched the clothes of the victim, related what he saw and then left again. “The only other person in this picture that I know is Garth.” He felt duty bound to share this now.
“No!” Dean’s eyes flew open and he grabbed Castiel’s wrist to keep him from leaving, even if he’d made no move to get up.
“I’d rather just watch you do it,” Dean shrugged, smirking and smoothly sliding into Castiel’s space.
“I don’t have a…” Castiel stopped when Dean’s snort was loud enough to be heard over the sound of oncoming traffic.
“Uh…” Dean bit his lip, but this time it seemed to be to keep in the first thing he wanted to blurt out, and not to play coy. “I dunno, Cas. What are my options?”
“I know. You’re so good for me, Dean.” Castiel slipped in a third finger while Dean was distracted, pleased to find little resistance. Dean had bitten his lip again and was writhing in the sheets, trying to thrust.
Dean cocked his head. “Peeling potatoes, or…”
He could feel himself immediately flush scarlet and when he opened his eyes, he found Castiel staring at him, licking his own lips, and clutching his cutlery so hard his knuckles turned while. It gave Dean a powerful rush to realize he could affect the other man this much. Instead of biting into it, he took the carrot out of his mouth, placing it back on the table before he turned to take a drink and hide his grin against the tea cup.
“I’m so sorry, Sam,” Eileen just sits with him for a little longer. She should get him some water, but she doesn’t want to leave him just yet. “How?” She finally asks when Sam has calmed down a little.
Dean’s heart started beating faster. “A harem? Or women?”
Dean opened his eyes and blinked up at Cas. “What?” He asked innocently.
?” Castiel questioned.
Dean nodded and started barking orders to pull the anchor and set the ship into motion. Castiel and Sam made sure the small boat was pulled up and secured and soon enough, the Impala was setting sail and leaving Port Newhaven.
The maiden who had waved at him earlier now grinned, revealing sharp teeth, before licking her lips and starting a song. It was just so beautiful and melodic, Castiel felt himself more and more drawn to her. He tried to resist, but a little voice in the back of his head insisted that it was futile. They were mermaids. And they were
Ok, now Castiel was worried. He mostly worked alone, because there were no friends in the community. They were all too fucking paranoid and most of the newbies were too eager to prove themselves. Taking down a legend like him would definitely give them street cred.
He reached out and carefully touched Castiel’s cheek. His beard was soft and Dean wouldn’t mind feeling it rubbed up against him in a passionate kiss. Or… other places. Dean shifted uncomfortably, realizing he’d woken up truly
Dean bit his lip. Dammit. Castiel’s mischievous side was charming though. “On your knees. There’s been a lot of speculation about that particular song.” Mainly because in one of the lines the pronoun used is male.
“Whoa, no,” Dean shook his head. “I don’t think that’s the way.”
He and Castiel carefully arranged the clothes around the egg, keeping it safe in its nest of clothes and then Castiel grabbed his hand, making him stand up and walk back to where they had been sleeping.
“I know that,” Castiel spat back. “That’s why I spiked his water. He’s a susceptible pussycat right now. He’ll believe anything I tell him.”
Dean raised his eyebrow. “Comes with the job, I guess.” He smirked.
“What?” Jimmy frowned. “I thought you still wanted me to quit?”
“Hey,” Castiel nuzzled his cheek. “You back with me?” Dean hummed the affirmative. “Ready for more?” Castiel asked.
“It’s my honor, Castiel,” she replied, and then hesitated before filling Dean’s cup.
Castiel seemed to be processing. Dean wasn’t sure how, but he was learning English quickly. Dean would have made an attempt at learning Castiel’s language, but the grumpy alien just wouldn’t talk enough. And if he was honest with himself, Dean wouldn’t even know where to start, anyway. So far, everything Castiel had said had been one long, rumbling jumble of sounds. Dean wasn’t even sure if there were separate words.
Dean flinched, but it finally grounded him, bringing him back down to earth. “S’ok,” he whispered, turning his head to look at Cas and notice how spooked he looked. “Really,” he added. “It helped.”
Castiel hummed. “You’ll…”
“Yeah, you’re not fucking driving my car, Cas.” Dean stated and Castiel was glad for the old car that let him move to the passenger seat fast enough without any real obstacles for his legs. He was barely sitting when Dean floored it and he was pushed right back up against him. Neither of them remarked on it but when they were at a safe enough distance away and Dean slowed down, Castiel finally brought a little more distance between them. It made him feel less safe though, so he scooted a little more towards the middle. Just enough so he could feel the warmth radiate off of Dean’s body.
She didn’t even blink an eye at Castiel still sitting on the mat in only his boxers. When he saw her entering, he quickly got up and pulled on his shirt as well. “That’s too kind of you, Mildred,” Castiel thanked her.
“Food?” Dean suggested. “Maybe a beer? Candy? Or, uhm…” He flushed and looked at his hands, which he had twisted on top of the comforter. “Maybe something you could do for me?”
“Dean.” Cas snapped him out of it again. He smiled down at him and held his hand out. Dean took it and let Cas lead him to the bedroom.
Sam just shakes his head and blinks rapidly, trying to hold in fresh tears. Eileen cups his cheek and pushes his hair out of his eyes gently, hoping he will fill her in soon, because this is worrying her.
“You can bring Cas to meet the parents,” Dean replied.
Castiel’s face fell a little but he quickly slipped back into an easy smile. “Of course, Dean. Whatever you need.” He brushed his fingertips over Dean’s cheek. “You don’t owe me anything. I am here for
Dean gave him a tentative smile. “Thanks for sending lunch.”
Sam sighed, looked at Castiel, and then his shoulder slumped. “I arranged the transfer papers. It should’ve been an easy in and out.”
“Oh.” Castiel flinched and wrung his hands. Dean cursed himself. Way to reassure the civilian. Then again, was Castiel even still a civilian at this point?
“Oh, hell no,” Dean shot him down. “We’re not opening that box.”
Jimmy kicked his shin. “Dammit, Cas. We need to talk more. Wasn’t that our resolution?” He waited until Castiel met his eyes and raised an eyebrow. “Just say it.”
Dean didn’t worry about becoming too attached to an alien—who technically was still the enemy—until it was too late, but at this point, he didn’t think he could care any more for Cas if he tried. Cas was his everything right now.
“Sometimes I hate you guys so much,” Jimmy complained.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel gasped. “You don’t have to.”
“Oh.” Castiel quickly looked back up at Dean’s face, which Dean knew must be flaming red by now. “My apologies,” Castiel said. “You’re new here and I probably just made it sound like a sex cult. This is definitely not what’s going on here. You don’t owe me anything, Dean.”
Jessica frowned. “But you both saw it?”
“Why do I have to be sick again?” Dean complained. A bunch of them already hated him. That would just make it worse.
After he’d settled in front of his screen again, his students’ eyes were even wider. Shit. “I’m sorry.” Castiel started. “It’s just…” Shit, shit shit. “I got… a new cat. And it was distracting. So I locked it in the bedroom. This will not happen again.”
Castiel used two fingers to spread Dean and show off for Jimmy, but at the same time he was also assessing if he needed more lube. He glanced at Jimmy. “But just because you’re being punished doesn’t mean Dean and I have to abstain.”
“What?” Dean took a step back, glancing towards his brother’s car just pulling back out onto the street. “Why the fuck do you need to know?”
He made his way to his bedroom, comforted that the blinds were still drawn, so he could pretend it was still night and took off his pants before crawling under the covers.
They made the trek back to their cave and then only had enough time to quickly collect some fruit before darkness fell and they turned in for the night. They didn’t have enough wood yet to last an additional day, so when Dean moved even closer to him when he tried to sleep, Castiel let him. And when it became clear that he was shivering, just like on their first night, Castiel placed his hand on Dean’s temple and helped him fall asleep once more.
“Shit,” Dean coughed, feeling caught and trying to hide the joint. Except this wasn’t the high school bathroom and he couldn’t just flush it. And he was too afraid to burn a hole in his clothes to hide it underneath his body, though he briefly entertained the idea, butt already lifted in the air.
Dean mumbled something incoherently into his pillow. It might have been curses aimed at Castiel or just general complaints, but his safeword was definitely not uttered. “If you hold out for the next ten, I promise you’ll get to come. And then I’ll fuck you, and you get to come again.”
Castiel laughed. “Yeah, but… had to offer.”
Dean nodded. Yeah. Castiel had a lot of followers to keep happy. He couldn’t waste his day holed up in here with Dean. “Alright,” Dean sighed, putting down his half-eaten piece of toast. “I’m gonna go to my own room. Thanks for the tea.”
Dean scowled. “He can read Latin.”
But he was in luck. Castiel got dressed in his usual loose fitting hemp and linen clothes when he was done and didn’t demand for Dean to move. “You think you’re up for some breakfast if I get you some? Maybe toast?” Castiel asked instead.
“Oh, not just those. I read everything I could find.” Castiel nudged him. “Did you know your old student paper still has some of your articles up? I didn’t like Episode 2 either.”
“Seriously though,” Cas added when he put the plate down to grab his mug instead. “I doubt you’re doing anything illegal, so please don’t worry about it.” He drank his coffee, already looking better than when he’d come in. There were still dark circles under his eyes though and Dean wanted to rub them away.
His thoughts came to a screeching halt as soon as he came face to face with Dean, who ran up to him and pulled him into the biggest hug, before letting go abruptly. “Oh, shit. Are you ok? Did I squeeze you too hard?” Dean cupped Castiel’s cheeks in his hands and looked him over. Before Castiel could get a word in, Dean apparently decided he was well enough, because he gave him a kiss that turned into a second and a third, much deeper one which they only broke when someone next to them dog-whistled.
“But you don’t need me,” Cas insisted. “You have other friends.”
That definitely explained the extraordinary growth of the vegetation, and the earthquakes. They’d been really lucky to arrive this late into the project. Any earlier, and they’d have likely died in a flood or during one of the bigger earthquakes that had surely formed the terrain. At this stage, it would just be exponential growth of wildlife and plants, which was actually good for them. It did put them on a time constraint, though. The terraforming team would come evaluate the planet once the process was completed.
“Dean, do you mean it?” Castiel pulled away to look at him, not faking his current happiness. Dean had been odd all night, there’d always been the risk that he’d want to go back to his old job, that all of Castiel’s efforts had been for nothing. But it seemed they had paid off.
“Do you not want to make me happy?” Castiel questioned, looking up at Dean demurely. Dean had to understand that this was his choice. He would be doing something for Castiel. It wasn’t Castiel demanding he come - even if he was certainly guilt-tripping him into it.
Dean was willing to look further, but apparently it was enough for Castiel to vow it would never happen again. Five days later, Dean was in deep withdrawal and it showed no sign of stopping. Castiel sought help from Heaven but came back looking defeated and angry.
Castiel snorted. “Yeah, right.” He rubbed at the deep bags under his eyes and let out a deep breath. Who was he kidding?
“C’mon, Dean.” Castiel reached down a hand to strip Dean’s hard cock. “Come for me.” He stroked him slow and sensually in time with his thrusts, but made sure to rub his palm against his sensitive head before every downstroke.
“Now I have even less reason to leave. I plan to keep you here for as long as I can,” Castiel informed him, sounding like he meant it, too.
“Find a hammock to sleep in?” Castiel replied. “If that… am I allowed to walk around freely, still?”
“But turns out I could?“ Dean tries and now the tears are falling for real. He sees Castiel‘s face crumble, too. “Turns out we both could have had it. All this time. God dammit, Cas.“ Dean looks upwards, shakes his head. “How could we both be so goddamn stupid?“
“Yes, you do,” Castiel protested, kneeling down to look up at Dean. He cupped his cheeks. “I like taking care of you, so let me?”
“Hey, I‘m not the gossip column.“ Dean defended himself. „Do you… want me to out you in my article?“
“What the fuck, Henriksen?” Dean complained. “I didn’t do a drug stint. I was in a clean living hippie cult.”
“Our people,” Castiel corrected him.
“I do mean it though. You’re very smart. Just today, you came up with the dicta…” Cas didn’t get to finish his sentence because Dean shut him up with a kiss. Cas relaxed even further and Dean was able to coax him to lie down on the couch with him and make out.
“No, please.” Dean squirmed. “The oil, please.” He spread his legs a little wider. “Please, I want to feel you.”
“Right,” Kelly barrelled on. “He bumped into me and it… it triggered, uhm, my… old world persona, which I’ve tried so hard to shed with your help.”
“I go to the gym,” Dean replied. “Some circuit training, some weight lifting. I run on the treadmill.”
“Until he has a moment of clarity and figures it out,” Meg protested.
There was a throat being cleared behind him and Dean turned around, expecting forensics. Instead it was fucking Castiel Novak, looking at him with those big blue puppy dog eyes of his, like he was lost and needed help. Dean really didn’t have the patience for this. “The fuck are
“You’ll regret this, Winchester,” Bela warned.
“Love you, too.” Dean replied, straddling him and deepening their kiss. “And I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.”
Castiel looks chagrined. “That‘s what Amara told me, after they pulled me out of The Empty. But I didn‘t want to believe her.“
Dean cringed. “Please. I told you. Call me Dean.”
Cas looked thoughtful. “You don’t use it for porn, do you?”
“You saw the mermaids, right?” Dean waited for Castiel’s affirmative nod. “There’s way worse things out there, believe me. So any help killing it would be appreciated.”
“If you can hear me, tell Sammy…” Dean stopped. He had no time to hesitate, here; he knew that, but fuck.
“No, you dumbass. My boyfriend just told me he loved me and I want to spend all night showing him just how much I love him back.” Dean winked and pulled Castiel in for another quick kiss before he slid down on the floor and settled between Castiel’s legs.
Kicking himself out of it, Dean avoids his gaze and looks at the pigs instead. “So you had questions, Castiel?” He pronounces the name slowly, hoping he’d said it right.
“Oh,” Dean swallowed, momentarily dumbfounded. He had not actually considered it. Too seriously. And now he was lying to himself. But… Jimmy chose that moment to turn around and look at them, raising one eyebrow when he realized they were both staring.
She blinked a few times, then she nodded. “‘Kay.” Her eyes fell closed again and after another minute of hovering, Castiel heard her snoring once more. Hopefully she’d think his appearance in her room had just been a weird nightmare. But just to be safe, he went back to her closet and decided to put the vial of drugs in a plastic bag instead and hide it in her toilet tank. She definitely wouldn’t randomly look inside of that.
“With pickles,” Dean added, looking pleased with himself.
“Oh, so we’ve reached that stage of the relationship, huh?” Dean joked, trying to deflect.
“Sorry,” Castiel smiled at him, but it was hesitant. Dean could almost believe that Castiel would like to stay, too. But why would he? Dean was just… Dean. And Castiel was so much more.
“Cas, I have no life to relocate. My life is already here.” Jimmy quickly gulped down half of his Americano to keep from showing too many emotions. These past few weeks had made it painfully obvious just how sad and empty his life had been all those years.
Castiel laughed. “No, sorry. It’s an ‘I never expected to fuck any of my followers’ thing.”
“Wait, what?” Cas looked shocked. “You’re gonna quit the FBI?”
Dean kissed the pad of Castiel’s finger and then pulled back once more. “Are you going to be ok? To wait?”
Dean sat down on a high chair at Castiel’s kitchen nook, because he’d insisted on preparing breakfast for Dean without him helping. So far he’d gotten out eggs and bacon and Dean was part relieved that he wasn’t making waffles or pancakes and part disappointed. But he’d definitely regret those later. He could indulge in normal eggs for once.
Jessica reached out a hand towards Castiel. “May I?” She asked and Castiel hesitantly gave her his hand, unsure if she wanted to read his palm or just touch. She ended up touching his hand with both of hers and her eyes rolled into the back of her head for a minute. Castiel tried to pull his hand back but he was trapped. Before he could freak out too much it was over and Jessica just looked at him.
“There’s those, and then there’s more money going off the books.” Dean explained. “And Cas… you showed me the sweat lodges. You know those can easily be abused as a powerful way to break down someone’s mind. Some of the people I’ve met here have been giving me weird vibes. Like they aren’t fully here.”
Jimmy flinched a little. So they were not past this after all. Or maybe Anael had just ripped open old wounds. “I would like to stay and fix this again, but…” He trailed off.
“You ok, Dean?” Castiel asked, leading him over to the bed. Dean had a perfectly fine kitchen to sit in, but he didn’t complain.
Castiel shrugged. “Yeah, but if we tell them now, they will definitely relocate me right away. I’ll take the risk if you will,” he offered. “I can be discreet.”
“Odin is bad news. Give him up before he takes you down. He knows we’re after him. You’re the one loose end he couldn’t tie up yet.” Jimmy warned him.
“Angel, I can’t. I still have…” Dean looked at his screen.
But it didn’t help to dwell on What ifs, Castiel had learned that early on. He focused back on his documents and forged Meg’s signature on a few more of them. Losing the land would hurt, but Castiel could always start fresh somewhere else. Thankfully the cash flows were untraceable and his Swiss bank accounts were safe, too. And with Dean still working for the Feds, he should probably work on a whole new plan for their future together anyway. Dean’s superiors would never let him stay in a suspected cult, even after Meg was removed.
It was in the last month of his expedition when Dean suddenly announced he wanted to take some marine biology classes next semester. He was studying engineering, so it came out of left field.
Dean watched him through half lidded eyes and imagined where else those hands might feel good. But then he realized he was getting an erection and he was lying on top of the covers, wearing those stupid linen pants. He tried to surreptitiously shift, but of course Castiel noticed and it caused him to look down, gaze drawn to Dean’s movement and definitely noticing his hard-on.
Castiel chuckled. “I’ll hold you to that.” Now it was Castiel’s turn to nudge Dean with his thigh. Dean refused to meet his gaze, but he smiled into his bowl until they had finished dinner and could finally leave to go back to Castiel’s room.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Dude, I’m not five.” He made his way to the bathroom quickly though. “What happened to caring for me while I’m sick?” Dean mumbled before closing the door.
Dean remembered to take off his badge and stuff it back into his coat pocket before he entered the building. He didn’t need to draw unwanted attention. And just to err on the safe side, he paid with his illegal credit card set up in a false name. Skills left over from growing up on the road. This one however he actually paid off. Just in case it was discovered one day. He wasn’t going to lose his job over it.
Castiel had already schooled his face back into shock and fear and he opened his drawer, getting out the slim hemp rope they used to tie up packages with. “This ok?” He asked, even though he already knew that it didn’t break easily but would cut like a bitch if Meg struggled too much.
Dean was a little shell shocked, having had his world blown quite literally just now. Part of him wanted to apologize, but then again. No. He wasn’t actually sorry. He reached out a hand to pull Castiel back up though. “Trailer?”
Dean looked at him, biting his lip, considering. “Or we can both take the bed?”
Castiel blinked, taken aback. “What? But you gave me that name.”
“Be careful though,” Dean warned him. “Meg is a mean bitch. I don’t… I don’t want her hurting you.”
“Thank you,” Dean looked down, trying to hide a blush and Castiel’s heart jump started and then beat in overtime. How could one man be so goddamn adorable? Castiel just wanted to wrap him up in praise and keep him away from whichever toxic assholes gave him those confidence issues he was walking around with.
“Come on,” Castiel wheedled. “I need to move more than just my pelvis.”
Castiel laughed at him. “Relax, Dean. I’m teasing you. But do drink it.” He pointed towards a thermos on the nightstand. “I mixed those herbs myself. I think you’re coming down with the flu and that should help.”
“Yeah. You can’t?” Castiel asked back and it didn’t even sound mocking.
Castiel snorted. “You wish.” He wasn’t opposed, but Dean didn’t need to know that. That would be reserved for a special occasion. And since Dean was obviously feeling better, Castiel went back to his desk to do the formal part of his job of taking care of Dean.
“Of course,” Mildred reassured him, closing the door behind her and leaning against it to make sure nobody else would come in unannounced. Smart. There was a reason why Castiel had always liked her. Enough even to make sure she’d stay sharp and drink his clean blend of tea. She was happy enough to be here, she didn’t need any artificial help.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Didn’t expect to need it anytime soon, no.”
her. They teamed up every now and then and she kept him informed of investigations and helped keep him clean. Odin protected him. Ever since they met she’s been nothing but resourceful and supportive.
Squeezing their joined hands, Dean rubbed his cheek against the pillow. He wanted to leave his body because he didn’t know what to do with all the pleasure. Castiel peppered kisses all over his skin and when Dean turned a little more, they were able to share a filthy, open mouthed kiss.
Dean woke up feeling rested. It was weird how much just a simple touch could relax him. But they’d had a long trek the day before, so he must have been exhausted. And the second his brain decided that he was safe, because Castiel was watching over him, it allowed him to sleep.
Looking at his bandaged hands, he decided against it and instead just changed his clothes, took another bottle of water with him and went back to the kitchen. Dean realized he was missing Castiel. He hadn’t been expecting to get so close to him and he knew he should further that connection. It was just that the longer he thought about it, the more unsure he became of whether it was because of his investigation or because of the cult leader’s undeniable charisma.
“But Dean, it’s a ghost ship. We have to,” Charlie tried to appease him. “It won’t cost us more than a few hours.”
They both couldn’t wait for it to be over so they could get back to the comfort part of this whole ‘being shot at’ business.
Dean shoved him away playfully, feeling like himself again. “Ok, fine.” He rolled his eyes. “Smooth talker.”
“Don’t think I won’t come collecting,” she reminded him, waiting for his grunt of confirmation before continuing. “What did you tell him?”
“This is the mountain pose. Just feel it for a while. Feel how your feet are flat on the ground,” Castiel placed his hands back on Dean’s hips. “Can you feel it, Dean?”
Dean’s phone rang and he flinched. He should answer, but he didn’t feel like it. Castiel sighed and patted Dean’s leg before standing up, taking the call and rescheduling it. Dean just looked up at him in grateful awe. He still felt a little loopy maybe, so he continued to eat the sandwich.
Dean sighed. “No. I was careful. Super, extra careful. Still got myself hurt.”
It was a good thing, too, because they hadn’t had time to call in the necessary reinforcements yet, so they didn’t fully storm the Farm. Castiel did as Dean had suggested. He made sure the front gate was opened and then he knelt down with his hands behind his head, not resisting arrest.
“You suck,” Castiel retorted, making Dean laugh again.
Castiel followed mutely, mind racing to recall all the lore he had heard about mermaids before. Just as Dean closed the door behind them, something clicked in his brain. “Wait. How come they didn’t lure you?”
Dean kicked him under the table. “I keep telling you, I genuinely enjoy your company. Seeing you happy is all the reward I need.”
“Uhm, no. Dean, listen. Jess invited me to her family’s Christmas last minute. It’s in Aspen, Dean. They have a whole cottage and it’s gonna be a real traditional Christmas.” Sam sounded so excited, but Dean’s heart was breaking.
Castiel was just driving him crazy.
Castiel raised his eyebrow in amusement. “I’m sorry I’ve neglected to take proper care of you,” he purred, lacing it with a little bit of irony. “Let me make it up to you.” Castiel took both of their mugs and carried them over to the bed, placing them on the nightstand.
Cas smiled a little at that, yet again he shrugged it off, humbly. “Still illegal activity.”
The Navy officers looked at each other, one of them shrugging. “And he’s more valuable how?” One of the others’ eyes widened, apparently having heard Sam’s name before.
“Mayday, mayday!” Dean yelled into the intercom. “I’ve been hit, I’m going down.”
“Man, you got it bad,” Jimmy teased him. “I’d get jealous, but…”
Dean’s smile faltered. “But you didn’t?”
The tap water here tasted disgusting, or else he’d drink that. He assumed it was very old pipes. The Farm wasn’t in that great condition, probably cheap when Castiel—or Meg—bought it.
Instead of leaving the crime scene, Castiel walked in the direction of the bike. Halfway between bike and body he stopped and crouched down, reaching out a hand. A naked, ungloved hand.
“I don’t think personal preferences have any place in a professional workplace,” Castiel replied, nonplussed.
Dean nodded, pausing the recorder. “Wait, you do your own sound check?”
The next two weeks passed by in a blur. They took turns going on their wood and food runs, both of them sewing clothes when it was their turn to stay in the cave and watch the egg. Thankfully, the growth was normal. Castiel had been worried because he gave birth so early, but she should be ok. If there were any complications because of their mixed DNA, he should have known by now.
was, let alone his brother. “Fuck it,” he concluded without pressing the intercom button again.
After checking that Dean was good enough to drive, Castiel directed him to his apartment. When they arrived, he had Dean sit on his couch, wrapped a quilt around his shoulders and turned on the TV before he went to his kitchen to transfer the pho into two bowls so he could reheat it in the microwave.
“So you’d have given me your side-piece?” Dean asked.
“I did,” Billie offers him a wistful smile. “But no dice. It’s finally quiet up there and I’m not stupid enough to risk our truce.” She twirls her scythe on the spot and winks at him. “Even if it would give me immense pleasure to throw you in there right now.”
“Try me,” Dean replied, gun still at the ready.
It worked, though his leg still felt weak and wobbly. “Thank you, baby.” He patted his stomach and grabbed one of the longer sticks to keep steady while he slowly took a few steps to get out of the cave.
“Not Cas, you dumbass,” Jo corrected him, pointing at Jimmy. “That guy.”
“I‘m not.” Dean shrugs. “Wasn‘t worth it without…” The words get stuck in his throat and he closes his eyes, swallows. He can do this. He can. “Without you.”
While he was waiting for forensics, Dean went back to check in on Charlie. “Cause of death?”
“What the…” The person jumped in front of the chickens and snatched one up to hold against their chest. “Don’t you dare harm Bella. What is wrong with you?”
“Alright,” Castiel commanded. “Now look up to your hands, Dean. Shoulders up, too.” He slid his own hands back down Dean’s arms to make sure he had built up some tension. “Yes, good.”
As long as Dean didn’t recognize it for what it was. Castiel had to do his best to distract him. He wasn’t done yet with transferring all physical assets over to Meg, so if Dean got too alarmed and went back to get reinforcements…
shirt.”
“Oh, fuck you. I’m just not a hack.” Dean tried hitting him but he’d been sitting without movement for too long and his limbs were stiff and he didn’t even come close. Castiel laughed at him again.
“He gave me your file. You’re my responsibility now,” Castiel replied honestly. Henriksen had not mentioned any special rapports with Winchester. In fact, he hadn’t mentioned anything specific in relation to him. Castiel had expected an easy case.
“What?” Castiel’s eyes widen again but Dean doesn’t hesitate and pulls up his camera app and snaps a picture. And then another two in case one of them was blurry. It’s completely self-indulgent and he just wants a picture of Castiel. This was probably the best opening he could get. On their actual date it would just be creepy.
“Well, I hope it was both.” Castiel winked before he got serious again. “Mildred, your support has always meant the world to me and I would loathe to see you caught in the crossfire. I’ll make sure to keep you updated on what’s happening. I know I can trust you to keep this between us for now?”
“For fuck’s sake, Cas. I can see you in your uniform,” Dean yelled back, now hidden well enough that Castiel couldn’t see him anymore. But the distraction was all Cole needed to regain the upper hand and knock his elbow into Castiel’s nose. The pain distracted him enough that he couldn’t prevent Cole from grabbing the gun again and aiming towards Dean’s voice.
He didn’t even have to wonder about the nickname because the first thing he registered about the phone that was thrust at him was Dean repeating “Cas? Cas? Cas are you ok? Cas?”
Cas tried to hide his smile against the cup, but Jimmy still saw it. “So… how’s life?”
Castiel glared at Dean but took tiny bites of the food provided. It wasn’t the same as with the coffee. It tasted… not quite as bland as it usually did, but it was still underwhelming and disappointing.
Castiel hummed in reply and placed his own hands on Dean’s skin, knocking Dean’s fingers away. He’d protest, but the way Castiel was massaging him felt soothing immediately. “Did you come look for me?” Castiel asked.
“But mom…” The girl wheedled until Dean gave her a dismissive nod and her face fell. “One day. I swear.”
Castiel frowned. He was glad to hear from Dean and it was understandable, but… “Want me to come over? Bring anything?” Castiel texted back. Followed by “Glad it went ok. :)” two minutes later.
“What?” Dean’s gaze sharpened. “You know another potential victim and you’re only telling me now?”
“I’ll find a way to make it up to you one day.”
Castiel snorted. “That’s one word for it.” None of his furniture had been new. He’d either collected it and fixed it up as best as he could or bought it off Craig’s List.
“Uhm, hello,” Dean replies. He’s happy to see the kid, but also confused. “Is this… the Empty?” It definitely doesn’t feel like he’d imagined it.
It didn’t really work however and by the time Castiel told him to go home, he was so tired, he didn’t even protest but readily booted down. Since he was home early, he hit the gym to sweat out those nasty toxins.
“What murder? Nobody died.” Garth spoke up.
“Bobby?” Castiel asked. When Dean confirmed, he continued. “Yeah, since our very first bigger tour. After I had become... infamous.” He grinned.
“Goodnight, Castiel,” she told him in a sweet voice, hand on the doorknob. But then she turned towards him once more. “And look at it this way: At least you don’t have a lot of shit to pack up. And what’s waiting for you back here anyway? A crappy job, jail constantly looming over you. An unrequited love interest who will be way better off without you. Maybe he can find solace in your brother. And you can all be happy. Wouldn’t that be nice? Think about it while you’re sipping on a Mai Tai in the Maldives.”
“Of course. I’ll protect you.” Dean got up as well, puffing his chest. That was his job. It was time to actually do it. “You got a bag I could use?”
Castiel struggled to keep up. “Wait. At this hour? Don’t you need a search warrant or something?”
“I’m telling you…” Castiel started, but Dean silenced him with a gesture. After his crew had taken his pistol and dagger, Cole procured a piece of cloth and used it to gag Castiel with it. Castiel tried to fight it off, but he was severely outnumbered. Maybe he should be glad they didn’t just shoot him.
Cas took a deep breath. “Yes.” He hesitated. “Because I’m good. I always wiped everything.”
“Oh.” He turned back towards Dean, suddenly a big grin on his face. “Baby!” He exclaimed loudly. “I’ve missed you so much!” Before Dean had a chance to react, Castiel had wrapped a hand around his neck, placing the other on his cheek, and pulled him in for a dirty kiss.
His fingers freshly wrapped, Castiel thanked Dean for letting him take care of him once again. And just like last night, Dean got extremely flustered. “No, please, Castiel,” he tried. “Thank
Maybe they could get to that after the talk. Castiel had all of dinner to come up with an appropriate reaction for when Dean came clean.
Later that night, Dean molded his body to Castiel’s back and wrapped his arms around him until he could place his hands on his stomach, falling asleep peacefully once again. He was woken up too early in the morning when Castiel stirred and tried to untangle himself from Dean’s arms. Dean held on tight and pulled him a little closer, trying to coax him back to sleep, but Castiel seemed insistent.
Ok. So weird-ass mating ritual, it was. Castiel lifted up his shirt, so Dean placed his hand onto his naked stomach next. Suddenly the skin got hot to the touch and when Dean pulled his hand away, the skin glowed and something like a tiny blue handprint appeared. “What the fuck?” Dean flinched further away.
Dean rolled his eyes. Ah great. Did he think that was what his race was called? Was Castiel not his name but his species? “Whatever.” He sulked back to the other tree and picked another sour fruit, eating it while glaring at his blue-hued companion, who had retracted his armor again.
Dean felt the usual stab through his heart at that. But then he blinked, reflecting on the current situation. Cas had been threatened by an apparently powerful hacker. He was planning to leave so he, Dean, would be safe. Yet he came here in the middle of the night. To see him. He didn’t call his brother. He didn’t pack. He came here.
“You didn’t sleep at all, did you?” Dean concluded.
Dean is a little stunned. The hot guy who likes rodents is giving him his number first. And he wants to come over. “Uh, so… I get off in ten minutes if you wanna…”
“Goddammit,” Castiel cursed and rolled out of bed, stretching. At least he felt a little better than when he came back in. He didn’t even really do anything, just touch the time piece. And yet still it left him drained. How Balthazar kept claiming he was powerful made absolutely zero sense.
“Dean?“ Castiel asked.
Dean snorted. “Gee, I was starting to feel like the expensive mistress, but I guess that would still be you, yes.”
“Pretty little boy with daddy issues all wrapped up in a bow for me to untangle,” he mused. “A present.”
“Minor seismic activity,” Castiel said in his native tongue, even though he knew Dean wouldn’t understand him. They should be fine, for now, but he’d have to keep an eye on it. If the quakes became more frequent, he would have to contact Anna as soon as possible and have her triangulate his position whether he wanted to, or not.
Focusing on his congregation instead, Castiel’s eyes landed on Meg, who was morosely picking at her food. Maybe he should be a bit nicer to her again lest she actually left and vanished before he could frame her. Then again, she might have left him if it was still just the two of them, but she would never leave this operation. There was too much money to be made.
Castiel lifted his hand and held it up for Dean. “Lick,” he commanded.
Cas cocked his head. “I did ask around if there was a way to use my skills for money.” He made a face. “Fuck, I was so dumb. I basically put up a red flag that said easy target.”
“Cas, you work for me. That would be highly unethical,” Dean replied. Castiel was well aware that this reply wasn’t actually a no.
“And we’ll save a mat,” Dean offered.
“Oh, nonsense, Castiel,” Mildred scolded him. “You’re allowed to play hookie for once, too. And I guess soon you won’t have a lot of opportunities for it anymore.”
Castiel sat down, or rather, he collapsed next to Dean and gave in to the urge to wrap his arms around the detective. “Thank you,” he breathed and shuddered. He was ok. Dean had saved him. And Dean was also ok. Dean. He moved his head and cupped the detective’s face with both hands, looking him up and down to make sure he really, truly was unharmed. Then he pulled him in for a deep kiss. Dean reciprocated at first, but then he pushed him back gently.
But he and his brother had dug up as much as they could and followed a few trails. And now that they had her on tape basically admitting to it? Not the exact crimes, but it should be enough. Jimmy was just glad that Castiel had saved the tape from also ruining Jimmy’s career if it was ever played in court. Or even just in front of his superiors.
“I obviously hadn’t met you yet.” Dean winked, but it felt a bit strained. “No,” he added.
Heaven’s Throne Room looks different now. It’s still stark white but somehow Jack has managed to decorate it with live plants, bringing a little bit of Earth into Heaven. He says he’ll keep things seperate, but they also have an actual spa that he retreats to every now and then. Amara’s doing, most likely.
Jimmy grinned at him. “You think he has a twin fantasy?”
But even if Cas and Jimmy had actually slept together at some point, that didn’t mean they’d do it again now. Or would want Dean to join. And what did it say about his long-simmering crush on Cas that he was willing to throw a third person into the mix so soon? He was such a horndog. Jo was right. He’d always self-sabotage.
He resisted the urge to touch his own erection, saving it for later. So far, he had kept his eyes closed, but now he opened them, looking up at Dean and meeting his gaze just as he rhythmically pressed his perineum again.
“I’m gonna pretend I didn’t hear that.” Castiel pouted, checking his condom and looking disgusted. He rolled it off and reached for a new one instead, lubing himself up before crawling onto the bed and taking care of Dean’s ass as well by adding a generous amount of fresh lube.
“Hey,” Dean flinched. “Unfair.”
Right now, though, there was a dangerous glint in both of their eyes and as soon as they realized Castiel’s attention was on them, they embraced each other in a passionate kiss. Shocked, Castiel stared at them, only realizing he’d zoned out on Emma once it was too late.
Castiel tried to push off Dean’s coat and Dean realized he was still pushed up against the wall and… no. He grabbed Cas by his hips and spun him around, slamming him into the wall. Then he quickly shook out of his coat, pleased to see Castiel was doing the same. Before they lost any more clothing, Cas’s lips were magically beckoning him in again and Dean cupped his face with both hands to keep him in place before claiming them once more.
He stopped early, not in the right mindset and bowed, not staying for questions. But then, he never did that anyway. He couldn’t be too accessible. His followers might not even have noticed that he left early. And why should he care? He wasn’t going to be here for much longer anyway.
Joining right in, Castiel chuckled along, spreading out his arms and doing a small hop, purposely making his cock bounce. With a start Dean realized that Michael would’ve never done that. He’d scold Dean for being ridiculous and get very angry at being laughed at.
He sighed, unpacking his fruit bowl. He’d forgotten to hand it to Castiel to put in the fridge but now that it was already here, he might as well leave it open and snack during the day and save his lunch hour for work. He’d lost too much time yesterday already.
Cas’ face softened and even Jimmy chuckled. “Shall we put him out of his misery?”
“Be nice to me or I’ll crash your ship,” Dean winked.
“I know you’ve got a backup; I wouldn’t have snatched your
“She’s their queen,” Dean explained.
Dean woke up some time later, still safe in Castiel’s arms. Castiel was looking at him, his face brightening when he saw Dean was awake. “How long have you been awake?” Dean asked, resisting the urge to untangle himself and stretch and just get some distance.
“Oh, shit!” Dean clenched his fingers into Castiel’s shoulders, spurring him on.
the cat. Cas gulped.
“I wish I could believe you.” She put on her fake pout again, dropping it just as quick. “But I don’t.”
Dean’s eyes snapped up and he realized he had drifted off. Should he tell him? What did he have to lose? Except
Instead Sam turned towards Jessica again. “I’d be very interested in hearing about this, Miss…”
“Cas, come on,” Dean lured him up and with a sigh, Castiel slid back up.
Turning back around, Dean slid a to-go cup in front of him. “Your brother uses my laptop to work.”
Once he had the food ready, he added two spoons and carefully balanced both bowls into the living room without burning himself. He put them down on the table and sat down next to Dean, who immediately cuddled up into his side. Castiel smiled.
Instead, the alien looked very humanoid. Breathtakingly handsome, even, and distinctly male. The alien had normal features and dark hair, but when he opened his eyes to look at Dean, he saw the first sign of true alienness. The alien’s eyes were a very bright, shiny blue and shimmered in the dark of the forest they found themselves in. Dean walked closer and saw a faint blue glint coming from all under the alien’s skin, as well. But it didn’t make him look like a monster. It actually just heightened the attractiveness. The alien visibly glowed. This was
“I’ll bring him back with me,” he promised.
“Yes, please,” he replied in a soft voice, happily putting the shirt back on when Castiel handed it to him. Dean smiled and wrapped his arms around himself again. “It’s still warm.” He bent his head and sniffed a little. “And it smells like you.”
“Oh.” Castiel sighed. “I told you I’m not leaving.” He tried to focus back on his book, but something about that location rang a bell. “What are we doing in Port Fairhaven?”
Earlier in the battle, his ship‘s controls had suddenly stopped reacting before he’d been hit. The alien crashing into him had just been what sent him toward the planet’s surface, but he‘d already been helpless and adrift by then. It was as if someone had remotely accessed his controls and shut them all off. Technically, there should be firewalls for this, but if the people who managed the firewall were the same who wanted him dead...
“Next time, tell Donna smaller bottles in every room is much more effective than one orgy size in the bedroom.” Dean passed his hands through his hair with a sigh.
But this was hopefully the tipping point Castiel had been waiting for, so he went to his cupboard and opened his tea collection. “Tea?” He asked.
Dean leaned into the touch, closing his eyes to fully enjoy the feeling. Castiel’s hands were so soft, so caring. “Yes, Castiel. I’ll be good for you.”
“Not safe,” Castiel replied.
Now intrigued, Dean wanted to ask more, but there was a big commotion and the bodyguards came back, flanking Castiel on each side and trying to lead him through the throng of admirers. Castiel wasn’t making it easy on them, dopey smile on his face and reaching out to every hand held out to him, stopping to try and chat and touching left and right. The other three band members all seemed annoyed and pushed their way past, Anna going straight for Ruby and the other two going straight for the open bar.
“Alright, come here.” Castiel waved him up, pulling Jimmy into a hug once he was standing. It took a few seconds for Jimmy to give in and melt against him and return the embrace. Meanwhile, Castiel just held on harder until he could feel Jimmy shake against him and hear his muffled sobs. Castiel closed his eyes and kissed the top of Jimmy’s head, comforting him as best as he could.
Looking at the door that led below deck with renewed interest, Castiel shook his head and grabbed the poker. He realized there were a lot more crewmen on deck now than back when they’d been fighting the snake. So ghosts shouldn’t be too hard, then? Besides, there was no way he was sitting this one out.
“You have a great crew. Their loyalty is legendary,” Castiel said. “It’s one of the reasons why you’re so infamously uncatchable.”
Dean watched their daughter run around in front of their cave chasing a butterfly, which he prayed wasn’t poisonous. They hadn’t spotted any of them up here before now, but maybe they just hadn’t paid as much attention as Mary did to all of their surroundings.
“I told you,” Dean said, pulling the rope tighter than strictly necessary. “You didn’t do yourself any favors with this, Meg.” Dean finally addressed her. “I already know you’re guilty, but that just proves it.”
Castiel scrambled for the poker, but Dean threw over his iron sword, instead. Castiel nodded gratefully and it was much easier to hold off the next blow. He guarded Ana and Dean as best as he could, hearing them talking to each other but not being able to make out quite what they were saying. Something about a sword?
The girl laughed. “Fuck no. Castiel wishes I were here for him.“ And right on queue, Anna the bassist wrapped her arms around the girl and nuzzled into her from behind.
“Uhm, but…” Castiel pointed at the cover. “Surely that’s not right? Somebody saw a large moraine and things got blown out of proportion?” Yes, he’d seen the mermaids. Was almost dragged to his death by them. Probably? He couldn’t quite be sure what would have happened to him had he jumped. But… a huge sea snake?
Jimmy cocked his head, not expecting the apology. “You think you’ll ever get over it?”
“But still.” Castiel frowned. “Dean, you shouldn’t have.”
The problem was, as soon as he woke up again hours later, consciousness not yet fully reached, he saw the girl again. Asking for his help. He pulled the blanket up over his head, but it was of no use. Her plea kept repeating itself in his head over and over again.
he might add. Dean just wanted to hide. This was embarrassing. “I know, Cas.” He covered his face and tried to bite back any follow up jokes his brain threw at him, but… “You’d have a lot more members if it was.” Dean blamed his migraine.
Dean was almost asleep by the time Jimmy came back to bed, erection waned but not fully gone. Castiel pulled back the blanket and invited him to join them as a sign of peace. Jimmy took it and crawled in, pressing against Castiel’s free side and wrapping an arm around Dean.
Castiel considered his reply for a while, but the teacher in him won out.
It helped Dean realize that he was done with his job now. He’d joined the FBI to do some good in a system less corrupt than the police force, which had never helped him a day in his life. But he was still only catching criminals. He wasn’t
Dean had a feeling he knew where this was going. Poor Cas. He stroked his thumb over his knuckles, still holding his hand. “So Jimmy thought the plan was you committing treason?”
Castiel seemed to sense it and he bit into Dean’s shoulder, soothing the sting with his tongue immediately. But he also finally sped up, still filling Dean to the brim and rubbing at his pleasure spot every time. The soft thrusts into the pillow were enough friction to tip the tide and have Dean’s mind go completely blank as his orgasm overwhelmed him.
Jimmy didn’t reply, he just turned and walked out of the coffee shop. As soon as he heard the door jingle, Castiel deflated, anger making way for despair. A strong hand on his shoulder kept him grounded.
“Oh no, you don’t. Get back where you belong, Joanna Beth,” she scolded.
Cas snort-laughed. “Fuck, we really did, didn’t we?” He finished taking off his shoes and then stood up to step out of his pants. Dean gaped at his boxer briefs and the considerable bulge he spotted, biting his lip in anticipation.
Dean still had to force himself to join in for yoga or meditation. So far he successfully avoided both. Meg had run him ragged and he’d just been too exhausted. Not like he wanted to participate in the first place. He wouldn’t get to talk to anyone during those exercises, so it was just a waste of his time.
Cas went to brush his teeth and Dean gloated, because he’d already done that earlier. He brushed close, letting his fingers trail over Cas’ naked ass, and then he went back into the main room, claiming the untouched bed as his own.
Cas had stopped typing but when he turned to Dean, thankfully his gaze softened again. “It’s an underscore, so a low key. I just added the Y to make it more clear.”
Jimmy narrowed his eyes. “Not if I have due course for a domestic terrorist threat.” He took on an intimidating stance. “But if you want me to officially add you to the list of suspects, Mr…”
“I just need a minute,” Dean mumbled. So much for that. At least his erection was weaning.
“No,” Dean shakes his head. “I don’t deserve it.”
Oh, so that’s how it was? Dean bit his lip. “Jimmy, I want you to take off Cas’ shirt and then keep touching his back.” Jimmy complied but now they had stopped kissing and Cas wasn’t doing anything but look at Dean. Dean narrowed his eyes and waved his hands. “Come on, don’t be assholes. Please just keep going. I said make out. Don’t make me tell you everything.”
“Feed me coffee and I’ll tell you?” Cas pleaded.
“What?” Castiel asked, wringing his hands together. Dean just glanced at all of them, staying silent.
And speaking of attention... Cas tugged at Dean’s hair a little more harshly. “Look at me,” he commanded, pleased when Dean’s eyes flew to his. His pupils were blown, his lips stretched wide around Castiel’s cock, but he blinked a few stray tears out of his eyes and focused on Cas as commanded. It was really his look of pure devotion that was the last straw for Cas, and he kept Dean’s head in place before spilling deep down his throat.
This was another word Castiel didn’t know yet. “How long is week?”
“Oh, uhm.” Dean stepped out into Castiel’s direct line of sight. “Yes, of course. Sorry. Couldn’t help myself.”
Castiel pulled the blankets up around them and, once again just feeling warm and happy, Dean fell asleep.
Castiel froze with his fork halfway to his lips. “How old were you?” He asked carefully.
“Executive assistant,” Dean corrected him.
“I could make Jimmy lick it off,” Castiel pondered, and Dean chuckled.
“Had to dose him a little higher,” Castiel lied. “But I’d say he’s fitting in beautifully now.”
Jack’s face shifts and it’s one of Amara’s pitying looks. It’s strange seeing it on Jack’s face, but Dean instinctively knows it’s her. “Are you finally ready to be happy, Dean?”
“I… I’ve gotta try though,” Cas said in a small voice. “I can’t let her destroy both of you along with me. If I go down, fine. No use in all of us getting screwed over this.”
Meg shook her head. “If you’re going down, don’t think I’m going down with you.”
. But it was nice to hear he was doing at least a small part. Castiel cupped his cheek again, caressing him with his thumb and Dean stared at him, hoping for…
Castiel nodded and petted him again. “Good boy. That’s what I thought.” No reason for him to suffer unnecessarily. “Jimmy, get me more lube.”
When Dean’s mug was empty, he waved it in the direction of the waitress to get a refill. Castiel looked good in his Zeppelin shirt, hair even more of a mess than usual. He remembered weaving his fingers through it and tugging and… His good mood soured when Castiel suddenly kicked him under the table. “What?” He grumped.
“Officers, please,” Sam pleaded. “I wish to say my life alone should be worth enough, but capturing a filthy, ruthless pirate…” He pretended to struggle against Dean, who tightened his hold. “Is worth more than one life. However, I am very valuable to the intelligence and I urge you to let them pass.”
“What? No, of course not!” Dean quickly put his burger down and raised both hands. “You’re perfect. Gorgeous. There’s nothing wrong with you.”
He’d been going through all stages of grief throughout the day, starting with anger. The tiny spark of hope he’d harbored, thinking that maybe Dean was just flustered this morning and things would go back to normal soon enough, was crushed when aside from a few slip-ups of calling him ‘Angel’, which Dean had always corrected right away, it was ‘Mr. Novak’ all day.
“Fuck,” Dean cursed and joined him quickly before the idiot could contaminate any evidence. But Dean couldn’t see anything. “What...?” He started to ask but before he could finish, Novak had grabbed his wrist, making skin contact behind Dean’s black leather gloves and touching his other hand to… a suddenly appearing glowing purple orb on the ground?
Odin smiled. “I can’t just come and visit my old friend?”
“Oh, no, Dean.” Castiel cupped his cheek until Dean faced him again. “I’ll be all alone, so seriously. It’s why Balthazar sent me out last night in the first place.”
Dean gave himself a little shake. No. He was here for Castiel and not to drag up the past. He knocked on the door and entered when Sam gave the ok. Once Sam actually saw him, he did a double take. “Dean!”
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, passing a hand through his hair. Stupid Michael. Still ruining things for him years later. “Listen, when I made fun of your apartment earlier, I didn’t mean anything by it. It’s cozy.” Dean shook his head. Wrong word. “Which isn’t a euphemism for shabby. I really do like it.” Dean paused. Did he just make it worse? “Ugh, I’m sorry.”
“You’re not,” Cas mumbled from against Dean’s skin, raising his head and blinking bleary eyes at his brother. “Stay?”
Castiel paled. “What?” This was actual news to him. He definitely didn’t hire anyone to dispose of people leaving. That would be the easiest way to get the FBI to come snoop around. He doubted Meg had anything to do with it either. Could it have been actual suicide brought on by withdrawal? He really needed to make sure to continue weaning the others off for as long as the Farm was still here.
“I don’t know their name.” Castiel replied honestly. “And I couldn’t find them. What makes you think you can?”
There was a metallic sound, like the lock being turned. Or was it the door hinges? Castiel couldn’t tell. He ducked behind his shield and peered out the window, just in case. But it was just way too high.
Dean gestured at him. “You were giving me looks. All the time.”
“What do you suggest?” Castiel asked.
“Oh, uhm…” Cas looked down at his bag, then back at the table, then in the other direction. “I… don’t know yet.”
Dean fished out his phone and almost handed it over, but stopped at the last second. “Wait. Is this a ploy to get to my phone so you can clone it or install spyware on it?”
? The crimes,” Dean clarified. Whatever Cas was about to say, it definitely wouldn’t be making sense to him. He was too dumb for this.
He took a step closer to the entrance, then promptly turned on his heels and went into the coffee shop right around the corner instead. Maybe an ice cold coffee would cool him down and give him the courage to go back into the bar. Though the caffeine might key him up further and he should maybe just get a nice tea instead? Tugging at his tie again he stared at the menu above the counter unable to make a choice.
Castiel simply raised his eyebrow and grabbed Dean by his hair, pulling his head back so Castiel could lick and suck at his throat, pretending he didn’t hear him. But he took hold of one of Dean’s legs and hitched it up higher. The change in angle meant that he could grind in a little deeper still and when Dean’s fingernails sunk into his back, he knew he’d aimed it perfectly to stroke his prostate with every slow grind.
“You’re coming right back here and then you’ll stay, right?” Dean asked.
“The bike…?” Jessica started, then she gasped. “Oh. Samandriel.”
“How come you’re special?” Castiel asked.
“If… if you’ll still have me?” Dean asked, bowing his head and looking up at Castiel through his eyelashes.
He held out his naked hand and, after a little hesitation, the alien put his injured hand in Castiel’s. Castiel smiled in relief and passed his thumb over the tiny wound, healing it back up. Then, without letting go, he tugged on the alien’s hand and started walking again, severing their connection only once he was sure the alien would follow him.
Dean raises his eyebrow. He doesn’t even have a weapon on him right now, but it’s kinda nice to know his reputation still precedes him. Then the words sink in. Death knew it was his time. He sighs. Yeah. “So…” he starts, but she holds up a hand.
Castiel sighed, softening and giving his puppy eyes again. “I know.” He turned towards Dean and reached for him, dropping his hand halfway. Dean looked crushed at the gesture. “I know you’re a good person, Dean. And… and I can only hope that what we have…” He trailed off, reaching again. This time Dean closed the gap before Castiel could pull back, taking his hand in his.
Now it was Castiel’s smile that faltered. He still had so many secrets. But he would like to be ‘Cas’ from now on. He nuzzled into Dean and peppered his face with kisses, changing the mood back to playful. Once Dean was laughing again, he kissed his lips, slowly ramping it up to deep and dirty.
“And you didn’t deem fit to inform me?” Meg almost yelled. “What the fuck?”
The next morning he woke up with a massive headache, but assumed he’d probably not had enough water the day before. He downed a bottle before going to the kitchens to help with breakfast and took another for his morning there. Maybe he should’ve made other arrangements with Henriksen, because he wasn’t sure his supply would last until their arranged drop-off date.
Dean stared at him. He was joking, right? Castiel just narrowed his eyes at him and Dean gulped. Hand feeding suddenly sounded a lot more like holding him down and stuffing him. “Fine,” Dean conceded, stabbing the coleslaw and taking a bite.
“Those help?” Dean asked, picking one of them up and looking more closely.
Dean nodded in sympathy and reached behind himself to get out a to-go cup, which he handed to him. “In case you need it.”
Castiel had a bad feeling about this and when Ana followed Dean with a grim expression, he left his current post and fought his way over until he could join them on the ghost ship, as well. It took him a long time to get through though. The dense fog along with the sharp winds hindered progress. And of course, there were still ghosts to plow through.
“Where did the others go?” Dean asked, after a few beats of silence.
Then again, it also glowed. Dean should just give up trying to find the logic there.
Castiel let out another groan and it sounded a bit disappointed this time, so Dean slithered up his body so he could whisper in his ear. “Next time, when you’re full of my come, I’ll eat you out until there’s nothing left and then I’ll keep going until you’re a blubbering mess. And then I’ll fill you right back up.”
After coaxing a small smile back on Dean’s face, Castiel guided Dean to their shared bedroom. Jimmy had his own room, mostly for the sake of visitors. And whenever one of them needed alone time, they used it. Most nights they spent together in a big pile in the master bedroom, though.
“Sure,” Castiel replied as casually as he could, scanning her carefully for any guns or other weapons. Wasn’t his place bugged? That could work to his advantage. He relaxed a bit. Jimmy would save him in case anything…
Castiel blinked. “You’re not gonna toss me overboard?”
“You’ll be sore tomorrow.” Castiel added, continuing his slow grind.
“You ok?” Castiel asked.
“Where’s your PR guy?” Dean asked. “Or is Bobby gonna join us?”
“Did you just fuck me to make me loyal to you?” Castiel still needed to know before they proceeded with where this was going.
A few minutes later a bottle of water was pressed in his hand and Dean took a sip, watching Castiel sit down across from him and unwrapping a sandwich. “Here. It’s turkey on rye.”
“Sam, how do we play this? You stay here and we keep aiming at you?” Dean questioned.
“Hey!” One of the officers yelled, running back. “You said you wouldn’t take him!”
“Only if you want him to murder you in your sleep,” Dean mumbled in reply and scooted over to claim a kiss.
“Oh, Dean.” Castiel knew he was shivering just as much as Dean was, but he tried not to think about it too much and focus on Dean’s feelings instead. “My beautiful boy. I’m so glad I found you and I’ll show you just how loved you are every day, I promise.”
After removing Dean’s bandages that night, Castiel had to admit that Dean was healed enough to be fine without further treatment. He wistfully sighed and placed a kiss on each of Dean’s wrists before releasing them.
He growled, just imagining this and lapped more vigorously. Castiel started squirming, so he did his best at holding him down. “Oh fuck, Dean,” he cursed, but tried to stay still.
As soon as Castiel got home, he stripped off his clothes and took a long, hot shower. He was sore. Pleasantly sore, but still. While he was scrubbing himself, he wondered about last night. He‘d actually slept pretty good, even without any of his pills. And with a second person present. He had a weird nightmare at some point, but it didn‘t wake him up in a panic. Instead he woke up in Dean‘s arms, snuggled deeper, and just fell asleep again.
