Dean heard the sound of Blue Öyster Cult blasting inside. It was nice to hear Sam listening to music again. His brother was finally happy. Dean had never thought they’d ever get this far.
Daniel Jude Winchester, on the other hand, was quiet and far more reserved. He had inherited some of the personality of Castiel, along with one of his eyes, the other belonging to Dean, (heterochromia was rare in angels and Nephilim, but somehow Daniel had developed it) and he enjoyed taking in his surroundings and taking walks with Dean at twilight. In fact, it had sort of become their nightly tradition while the weather was nice. The hunter had scoped out the woods nearby and found what he swore to be a child’s wonderland. He’d guided Daniel through his first steps and, with Castiel’s help, his first attempts at flying. The boy had done alright, fumbling through most of it, but he never gave up.
Castiel, his daughter, Dean, and Holly all entered the building. Cathalsis led Castiel and his daughter to a back room that was filled with shelves upon shelves of medicines and potions. There was a small bed in the corner with a comfortable blanket and pillow. A table next to it was filled with surgical tools and a syringe. His daughter gulped and Holly seemed to visibly shake a bit. Dean took a look around while Castiel stood in the corner and watched as Cathalsis led his daughter over to the bed. He held out her arm and drew her blood, it moved up the syringe and she swallowed hard and looked away. Cathalsis dropped the blood into a vial and mixed it with this clear liquid. The liquid turned a cool and serene blue.
The elevator door dinged, announcing its arrival. Dean cleared his throat, stepping in and holding the door open for Cas. He grinned, stepping in beside Dean. As soon as the doors closed, Cas lunged at Dean, catching him off guard. Hiding a smile against Dean’s lips as he let out a surprised squeak.
Dean sat, unmoved, at his desk. Wondering if that actually happened. He chuckled to himself as he thought of the other boy’s messy bedhead and dazed out, sleepy face. If that wasn’t relatable he wasn’t sure what was.
Castiel watched him walk away, bashing himself mentally for not being able to make decent conversation. He scuffed his shoe against the concrete as he debated leaving. Just as he turned to go, Dean yelled that dinner was ready, summoning them to a picnic table near the grill. Cas wandered over hesitantly.
For hours, Dean sat, fighting back tears, John screaming about what a fucking idiot Dean was. It was 9:30 by the time he was done. His voice had grown gravelly. “I’m going out,” He proclaimed, grabbing his jacket and keys before storming out the door.
Cas rushed upstairs and threw on the first shirt and pants he saw. He wound up in jeans and a blue flannel.
“Sorry,” John grunted before striding into the room to check on his son, a cup of fresh coffee in hand. Cas couldn’t find words to answer and simply stared dumbly as the man went and sat down in the chair situated next to Dean’s bed.
Dean moved one step closer to him, “What’s that you got there?” he said gesturing to Cas’s arms while moving closer.
“Oh, nothing,” Rowena responded, picking through the papers on the desk in front of her, “You best be on your way, dearies. Got lots to do.” Dean stood for a moment, glaring at her, before thundering out of the room. Castiel turned to follow. “Oh and, Cas,” Rowena said. He stopped but didn’t turn back to face her, “Keep an eye on him. He might be a bit- touchy.”
“Nothin’,” Cas studied him a second longer, eyes lingering on his lips before looking back up at the velvety sky above him. That was a lie, more than anything, he’d wanted to sit up and press their lips together. He couldn’t. Dean was straight. Instead of doing any one of the million things he wanted to do he said, “beautiful, isn’t it?”
“Sit,” he said, gesturing at the empty seat next to him. Cas obeyed, preparing for the worst. Chuck sat for a bit, contemplating his next words, “So.”
“That witch,” Dean said. Castiel sat across from him, his arms folded across his chest. “She probably cursed us or something.”
A few hours later, Cas was being shaken awake from where he was curled up on some of the waiting room chairs. Wincing at the sudden brightness, Cas opened his eyes, expecting to see his dad, but finding Balthazar and Gabe instead.
“Uh, a venti iced coffee with skim milk and sugar and a grande black coffee.” Cas responded firmly, continuing on as Eli typed the order into the computer in front of him, “I like your tattoo.” Cas nodded towards it, surprised as he felt himself lean towards the boy on the other side of the counter. Was he seriously flirting with this guy as he was buying a coffee for his crush? A pang of guilt stabbed his stomach at the thought. He wasn’t expecting anything to form between him and Dean but he still felt that guilt. He shoved those thoughts aside for now.
“Whatever you say. Go on, your distraction awaits,” Charlie said, pointing her beer at the brunette.
Castiel could see a lot from his bedroom window. Stuff he wanted to see. Stuff he could go without seeing. Something he had was a very clear view into Dean’s bedroom at night. Dean’s bed was positioned right in front of the window and if he had curtains, he never used them. Which in turn, made Cas buy curtains.
Castiel relished in every feeling. How their tongues pressed together. How their mouths fit together. The feel of Dean’s tongue piercing moved around in his mouth. The strain on his lungs because he never wanted this to stop. Dean was the first to pull away, his breath shallow. “Jesus,” he muttered, his hands dropping to Cas’s shoulder again.
“It’s the best I could do, we don’t have many options,” Dean said. Sammy rolled his eyes but grabbed the hotdog anyway, letting out a satisfied hum as he bit into it. Dean took the seat right next to him. They ate quickly and quietly. Sam kept glancing at him, worry lingering in his gaze.
“I know exactly what to get you boys, and don’t you worry about paying, it’s on the house. Now take a seat, I’ll have it out for you in a few minutes,” she ordered. Dean led them to a booth in the corner of the diner. He sat down, Cas scooching in on the other side.
Dean went to take another drink from the cup in his hand but Charlie quickly snatched it from him, drawing a whimper out of him. “I think you’ve had enough, let's go find you somewhere to lie down,” Charlie wrapped his arm around her back and pulled him up. He clung to her like she was the last thing on earth. She mouthed a silent “sorry” at the other girl before dragging him back out into the hallway.
Castiel felt like he’d been punched in the gut. Had he done something wrong? Was Dean mad at him? Thoughts rushed through his head, making it spin. “What?”
When Chuck arrived at the hospital to pick Cas up, he found him sleeping in the chair once again. A barely visible bruise had formed just below his hairline. Chuck managed to nudge him awake so he could help him to the car and get him home.
Cas sat on the floor, processing what had just happened as nurses and doctors swarmed him, making sure he was okay. He subconsciously mumbled answers to their questions. Some nurses helped him up and sat him back in the chair in Dean’s room with a cup of water, some Tylenol, and an ice pack as they called his Dad.
Dean laughed, grabbing his beer from where he put it on the counter, “Is that for the compliment or saving you?”
“I don’t mind helping,” Cas answered, already reaching for some empty beer bottles on the table, “I’m right next door, anyways. I’d feel guilty not helping.”
A woman with sandy hair stood behind the counter, her back facing the door. She was pouring a cup of coffee, presumably for the man sitting at the end. Dean smiled at the sight.
His dad didn’t say anything about the second coffee or the information written on Castiel’s cup. He barely acknowledged it with a questioning look, prompting Cas to explain. Cas ignored him in favor of sipping his iced coffee sleepily.
He fell on his bed, trying to ignore the hard on growing in his pants. Luckily, Dean hadn’t seen him. He breathed, centering himself. Dean.
Dean sat in the empty seat in front of the boy hoping to strike up a conversation. Before he got the chance some other kids by him started to introduce themselves. Dean introduced himself to them.
Dean shot a glare in his direction before going back to staring at the mansion. He had never been to a place like this in all of his party goings. Honestly, he’d expected a frat house or someone’s small house. Not a literal MANSION. They started walking down the driveway towards the set of double doors which had elegant designs carved into the shining knockers nailed on each door.
“Well, yeah” Gabe replied with a roll of his eyes, “I mean for after. Remember last time? We don’t want another incident.”
He instantly felt more awake when he saw the top one. He quickly stood, nearly falling, and ran down the hall to the bathroom. He sighed after closing the bathroom door and leaned against the counter.
Cas plated his feet, turning his back on the man, and looked at Meg, “I can’t. You know how I get around guys,” his fingers scratched unconsciously at the choker on his neck again.
Refocusing his attention on his phone, he clicked on the message icon and texted back that he was coming to the party. He turned the device off and walked out of the bathroom. There was still a while before the party and the much-needed distraction of getting wasted. He hummed to himself as he walked out of the bathroom to his bedroom to put on some clothes.
Cas choked on the next bite, remembering what happened the previous night. He coughed viciously for a minute in an attempt to dislodge the crumb of cereal stuck in his throat. “No, I did not hear about that,” Cas eventually choked out, which wasn’t a complete lie because he witnessed it, was even the cause of it, not just heard about it.
Cas didn't remember much past seeing the accident. He remembered running over to the car, someone yelling about calling 911, and sirenes.
Cas nestled into his shoulder. Between Dean’s heartbeat in his ear, the monotone sound of the TV, and the steady rise and fall of Dean’s chest as he breathed, Cas was out within minutes.
Dean forced his eyes open. There was a bright light and lots of machinery. A parametric hovered over him.
Dean stared at him, a smile breaking out on his face when he realized what Cas was asking. “Oh, you mean this.” He stuck out his tongue, showing Cas a shiny silver piercing. Cas just looked at him wide-eyed. “I told you I had other piercings,” he laughed.
“You seem, tense,” Cas replied in his usual monotone voice, “I could fix it?” he offered, starting to reach out to Dean.
The next day, Cas woke up around 2 PM with an overwhelming headache. Initially, he thought he’d missed his alarms, come to find out later that everyone had just decided to let him sleep in. He immediately went to the bathroom to empty his bladder and check on the now very obvious, very dark bruise on his forehead. He touched it gingerly, hissing at the sharp pain that followed. Groaning, he went downstairs to find his father sitting at the kitchen table. He must’ve taken off work.
“Remember what?” Dean asked, shaking Cas’s shoulders, “Come on, you have to give me something here Cas.”
“Nah,” Cas answered, contemplating going back to get his. He completely lost his train of thought as Dean took off his jacket and opened the bottle. His mouth went dry as he watched the toned muscles flex under the black shirt.
Dean followed him to the kitchen, leaning on the counter and watching him rummage around. He pulled out 2 mugs and set them on the counter. Dean took in the sight before him. His eyes lingered on Cas’s ass, flicking up when he turned around.
“I’ll come back later,” he said after a minute, walking away quickly. Dean sighed, backing away.  Cas was looking at him.
Cas thought for a minute, face flushing as he realized what Dean meant. “Oh,” he murmured. They pulled into a parking lot, drawing Castiel out of his thoughts. Dean parked the car and turned off the engine.
Cas and Dean go to a High School/College party to unknowingly distract themselves from their feelings for each other. The separation is short lived as they wind up running into one another at the party. Charlie tries to get Dean to confess his feelings for Cas by not so subtly creating a romantic situation.
“Fuck you,” he spat at Castiel before slamming the door and starting the engine. Unsure of what to do, Cas stood, staring at the door of the sleek black car. When Dean started to turn the wheels he stumbled back, narrowly avoiding getting hit by the side of the vehicle.
He got dressed and wandered downstairs. His father was sitting at the table like usual, sipping on his coffee, and reading his paper. Judging by his attire, he’d just gotten back from Mass. Cas peaked around the corner and found Michael, who also looked like he’d just gotten back from Mass, and Balthazar relaxing on the couch and watching cartoons.
“My, you’re chatty today. We’ll explain in the car. Just, come on. We need to get home.” Balthazar responded, grabbing Cas’s arm and dragging him out the door to the car. He sat in the back while Gabe and Balthazar sat in the front. When Gabe started the vehicle, the clock glowed brightly, showing it was almost 3 AM.
“Hey,” Cas replied awkwardly. Charlie scooted over on the bench, making room for him and Dean. She patted the spot next to her. Cas took the invite, setting his lunch tray next to hers. Dean claimed the spot next to him, pressing their arms together. If anyone noticed, they didn’t say anything.
He let out a loud sigh of relief as the final bell of the day rang, interrupting the teacher. Kids started shuffling to pack their things and leave. Mr. Singer explained the homework quickly before releasing his students for the day.
Dean was about to answer when Charlie started calling him over, “Shit, I’d better go,” he said looking back at Cas with an apologetic smile. He held his eyes for just a second longer before turning and going over to Charlie.
Somehow that thought made Castiel’s face impossibly redder. He glanced over to where Dean was sitting with some of the school jocks. He was laughing at a joke one of them made. Dean made eye contact, making Cas look away quickly. Heat radiated from his cheeks as he felt the green eyes staring at him. Instead of looking back he turned to Gabe and leaned his head on the table.
He made his way to the middle of the room. A table stood there, strewn with weapons. His hand glided over the handle, landing on a knife. He picked it up.
Somewhere in the back of his head, an annoying sound played. It sounded like his alarm. Castiel sat up, yawning. He must have fallen asleep. He yawned again and blinked some of the sleep out of his eyes before stopping the alarm. 6:00 AM. He stood, stretching his limbs. Time to get ready for work.
“What do you mean ‘plan of attack’? I thought I was just gonna sneak out the window like usual?” Cas questioned as he sat next to Anna with his hands folded on the table in front of him.
Cas leaned his head towards his desk. Using his arms as a pillow as he stared out at the dimly lit sky. His eyes shut as he gave in to his exhaustion. It wasn’t exactly sleeping but it was something. Cas could still feel the coolness of his desk and the annoying hair brushing gently against his face. He was too tired to move. His mind drifted. Uncertain whether to stress about school or dream. It chose the latter. He dreamed of a beautiful man with green eyes.
Dean scrambled up as soon as Sam had left the room, his face felt hot at the thought of Cas thinking about him. He quickly got changed and attempted to cover up his scent with some cheap cologne and deodorant before heading to the kitchen. When he got there Sam was sitting at the table with his laptop, clicking away at the keys. He made eye contact with Cas who was leaning on the counter with his usual serious face. Dean quickly looked him up and down with a smile. Cas shot back a cute confused look.
Dean Drove out of the space he was in, thankful that the person parked in front of him had parked so far ahead which made for an easy escape. He was careful not to hurt Cas or his baby on the way out but as soon as he made it past the other car’s bunker, he was speeding off.
Castiel sighed, watching as Cathalsis got up from the bench and motioned for Castiel to follow him. The two angels strolled down the dirt path, watching as butterflies fluttered around and flowers bloomed almost instantly as they walked by.
The creature is showing Dean some harsh stuff, that’s for sure. This shall continue for a bit longer until we reach a point in which I feel its best for Dean to return to his world. Unless he’s somehow in his world all along…but perhaps trapped somehow?
Something made him stay put. Normally, he would have killed anything weird on the spot, but something was preventing it. Something was keeping him here, in this place, and talking to this thing.
“Shame,” Aiden clicked his tongue and shook his head, arms full of a bag of chips and a case of IPAs. Dean tried to cover up his scoff with a throat clearing sound.
“That was different,” Dean sighed, looking back at Jody’s living room window, where the group had begun to disperse. “This time it just feels…wrong. Those two bastards are messing with us and I wanna know why.”
“A pathetic little story made you into what you are to this day,” Chuck replied. “A story made everything you have in your life possible. So, don’t. Or I could take it all away just like that.”
There was a small trickle of blood from each crease. Dean stared for a moment, before he felt a freezing wall of draft hit him straight on. Dean cried out, feeling the sensation pass through him as quickly as it had come on.  He heard a banshee-like cry and saw a slightly older version of himself than the previous moment in time go flying through the open door behind him.
Dean and Holly were transported to the diner once again. It was still the same people, the same food, but this time Future Dean and his daughter weren't there. Dean felt the slight ache in his chest grow a bit more. Holly motioned for him to follow her and they sat down once again in their booth. The waitress came over to them like clockwork and she took their same orders like she had the two times before. She walked away and Dean was soon expecting a hot and juicy cheeseburger in front of him once again.
Dean had debated even bringing up the fact that Castiel had kissed him in order to heal him. There was a lingering feeling of fear that welled up in Dean’s chest at the thought of what it all meant. It wasn’t as though the act had had anything romantic leading up to it, it was simply Castiel trying to get his grace into Dean’s system as quickly as he possibly could.
“What soul?” Ron chuckled, jumping backwards off of the dumpster, and tossing a nearby brick at Austin to distract him. His dismount was faulty due to it and gave Ron just enough time to take off running down the alleyway.
Clark shook his head and limped out of the bathroom and the medical bay into the nearby hallway. It was dark, but it didn’t feel menacing. He’d never seen a structure quite like it before.
Scout angels had found traces of energy at each of the sites where activity had been reported. Ancient energy, the kind that hadn’t been felt in years, but no source. It was as though whatever it was had become invisible as a ghost in a matter of moments.
“Wing oil,” Castiel explained. “It was oil…from my wings. It helps keep them healthy and, as you noticed, it also attracts my mate during my heat.”
“None of us did, Crowley.” Dean muttered, sighing loudly, and balling his hand into a fist that he placed upon the table. His other arm went to his forehead, pinching the skin and trying to mend a headache.
Dean chuckled a bit. His daughter's wit truly matched his own in every aspect, but she had the calm of Castiel. Dean stared until he felt a presence behind him. Holly stood and stared too. Her stare seemed a bit melancholy though. Dean could imagine why, many angels wanted what humans had and what some of their fallen brothers and sisters had gained during their time on earth.
He had read every book on his bookshelf twice, having tried to pass the long hours with knowledge instead of wasted time. Hell, he could have probably spoken every paragraph word for word if somebody asked him to.
Okay um...so. I am a dumbass when it comes to the Bible and did not know Adam and Eve were technically married (lol oops). So, we're gonna go with my own interpretation and for the sake of this story they're more like brother and sister. I think it adds a nice new element (an element we're gonna pretend was misconstrued in the Bible) to the story.
Dean chuckled this time and Jamie turned to leave, pulling out his car keys, and looking up at the sky one last time.
The heaviness of Gabriel’s words hit everyone at once. Adam and Ezra looked at one another with worry. Ron hung his head and Kevin took his hand. Sarah’s face fell. Daniel’s lips stayed in a flat line. The other angels looked defeated. Titan looked over at Meg, as the demon worriedly clutched her very swollen stomach.
With that Castiel rushed out of the classroom, through Dean, and down the hall. Future Dean chased after him. Dean turned his head and broke into a big smile.
"Visiting hours are almost over sir," a nurse popped her head into the room. "I'm afraid you'll have to leave."
"It's about whichever side is stronger Dean," Castiel explained. "If the angel side is not as strong as the human side she will live the normal life span of a human and die just as easily as one. If the angel side is stronger, she will live immortally like me. Only Heaven's medicine specialists can determine that, that is why I was going to take her up there."
This hunt had been werewolves. Dean and Sam had met several Warriors of Heaven, per Balthazar’s lead, in Louisville, Kentucky and eradicated all, but one of the creatures. They’d kept the werewolf alive for hours, tied up, and asking him questions about his orders.
“First of all, don’t tell Cas I let you use that word,” Dean said, a bit sternly, and then back to his tone from before. “Second, I kept you alive. I clothed and fed you and rocked you when you were an infant and you cried. I tried to do everything a new dad is supposed to do, but it all felt wrong. Like I-.”
Charlie stood back, her attempts at corralling her young siblings fairly futile. She smiled when her father did, feeling his love pouring from beyond his bone white teeth into her and her siblings, as he hugged each child.
"I'm a big girl," Holly remarked. "I'm not afraid of a ghost or an old house. Besides, I'm an angel. There's nothing in here or in your mind that can hurt me."
“Time is fluid,” the boy explained. “I can change it if I want to. Call it an imaginary friend perk.”
"Dean," Castiel spoke and snapped Dean out of his trance. The hunter realized he'd been staring. "Is everything alright?"
"I would happy to join in this "shindig" as you call it," Castiel replied. "I have never been to one before."
Dean had just dragged Charlie onto the dance floor when he saw a familiar figure walk past. He nudged Charlie and gestured, hoping she’d get the hint. Instead, she turned around obliviously and knocked Cas’s back as he attempted to fight his way through a tight group of people. Thank God for Charlie’s fast reaction time. She was already smiling and dodging the drink in the other’s hand as he whipped around. He made eye contact with her and smiled softly. Dean drank the expression in, missing what Charlie.
Dean found himself entranced by the gorgeous blue eyes as they studied his face, eventually coming to rest on his own. The world seemed to slow as he kept that blissful eye contact. The temptation to lean in and kiss the other’s lips was next to overwhelming. The thought caused his mouth to go dry and Dean felt his tongue dart across his dry lips in response. The blue eyes across from him darted down, following the swift movement.
He pulled at the hem of Dean’s shirt as they made it into the room. Dean got the hint, pulling away to take it off. Cas watched eagerly, his eyes raking across Dean’s torso and stooping at his nipples. "Wow, you weren’t kidding,” he breathed, staring at the piercings admirably. He reached out, fingers brushing gently against the skin as his eyes explored Dean’s tattoos.
He felt the hair on the back of his neck rise. Sensing a pair of eyes watching him, he quickly scanned the lunchroom. He quickly found the source. It was Castiel, the cute boy from his pre-calc class. Dean quickly decided to take a shot at flirting from a distance, but the other boy had already looked away. Dean’s face fell a little. He sat, staring in disappointment for a moment longer, hoping the blue-eyed boy would look at him again. When he didn’t Dean rejoined his teammates’ conversation with an awkward chuckle.
The nurses told him he’d been comatose for about two weeks. It didn’t seem like much but he felt like he’d been asleep a year. He powered on the phone, it was at 20%. Turning on Low Power Mode, he checked his messages. Nothing much, mostly just friends and family sending ‘Get Well Soon' wishes. The same went for everything else. Nothing from Cas. Dean frowned.
“Dean I-” he started. Not knowing where to go from there, he leaned in towards Dean. He stopped, their faces inches away from each other, “What are you trying to say?” he asked, his voice gentle and quiet.
Guilt welled up further in Cas, breaking free in an exhausted sob. He pressed his head to his knees, hiding in his arms. His phone dangled from his hand. Emotions overwhelmed him, paralyzing him in the moment. A few minutes went by before the tears stopped and he was able to breathe again. He stayed with his arms and knees tucked safely around his head for a few more seconds, regaining his grip on reality. He lifted his head, unlocked his phone again, and typed the only thing he could think of: When are you coming back to school?
“Hiya,” the man smiled down at him. Castiel stared back at him dumbly. The man was even more attractive up close, despite the weird angle. Freckles dotted his face. A silver septum ring dangled from his nose, matching the piercing on his eyebrow.
Cas had taken off his jacket and wadded it into a sort of pillow as he lay on the ground, staring at the sky. It was dark up here but Dean could see him clearly. He felt his breath hitch as he stood there, staring at the beautiful human laying in front of him. Charlie cleared her throat, nudging his side and gesturing for him to sit next to Cas.
Cas was looking at him like he was a hurt puppy. Dean didn’t like telling people about his mom for that exact reason.
“This is Cas, he’s uh, my boyfriend,” he answered, his confidence wavering. Cas looked at him, face tinted pink but lips pulled into a big smile.
“Dean Winchester, you will never cease to amaze me,” he said, giving him an appreciative look before delving back into the kiss. Their legs slotted together, chests pressing against each other. He brought his hands up to cup his jaw as Dean’s snaked lower, landing on his lower back. Castiel shivered as his fingers slipped under his shirt, grazing gently over his back.
“You know,” Dean answered, voice equally quiet, eyes flitting back and forth between Cas’s eyes and lips.
When they got back to the school, Cas headed up to his Dad’s classroom. Chuck smiled up at him from the computer when he walked in.
“You two know each other?” Charlie asked, looking back and forth between the two as they maintained eye contact. (aka dean and cas’s signature eye fucking)
Dean looked back up at the speckled sky, “Yeah,” he responded, unsure of whether he was talking about the canopy of stars above him or the boy lying next to him.
Dean rolled his eyes at his goody two shoes brother before sighing and lifting his head up to scan through the novels.
They stood, bodies still pressed together, panting as they came back down from their high. The musky smell of sweat hung in the air. Castiel swiped his tongue over the mark he’d left on Dean’s neck to soothe it. The sweat stung his lips. He brought his head up to look at Dean. Dean looked back at him.
Castiel choked back a laugh. “You’re not too bad yourself,” he returned, his hands falling in place on the other’s hips. Dean trailed his hands from Cas’s waist, up to his chest and knocked the jacket off his shoulders. The action sent another shiver through Cas. His hands clutched at the loose fabric on the base of Dean’s shirt as fingers laced through his hair. He pushed Dean back against the door, gasping at the contact.
By the time the group got to Adam’s house, they were all out of breath, except Balthazar. All the space in Adam’s grand driveway was filled but luckily they managed to pull into a spot at the end of the just before a black Impala pulled into it. The driver honked angrily before moving down to the next available spot halfway down the block. The four just laughed and got out of the car, making their way to the door of Adam’s house.
Sorry this took so long to get out! It's also a lot shorter then my other chapters but i felt this was a more appropriate ending to the chapter then the one I had originally written. This chapter also features our least favorite character in the show, John Winchester :p. I hope you like it regardless. Don't forget to drop a kudos if you haven't already! Thank you for the 17 I have already gotten, the 3 bookmarks, and 213 hits! It means a lot!
“Dean!” Castiel called out, racing over to him. He reached out his hand, touching Dean’s forehead. “It didn’t work,” he muttered. He tried again. Nothing. Dean writhed when Castiel pulled his hand away.
Cas’s only response was his face turning a light pink. Gabriel and most other students at Heaven’s Gates High had known that the blue-eyed boy was gay for years. His sexuality wasn’t a secret. Luckily, no one seemed to care about it.
“Well, it’s nice to meet you, Cas.” Dean said with a wink before turning back to the front of the class as Mr. Shurley began the lesson.
Dean thoughts wandered back to their blue eyed angel friend as he took a long swig of his black coffee. He felt a small smile spread over his face as he pictured the confused look on the scruffy face when some human trait or tradition didn’t make sense to him. He pictured softly kissing the plump pink lips, running his fingers through his beautiful black hair, questioning the chances of being able to cuddle up next to him as they binged Orange Is The New Black(Dean would have to explain to him the meaning of the title). Before he met the beautiful angel Dean was certain about his sexuality, he had forced down any thoughts or feelings about other boys in any other way than platonic. He still felt slightly uncomfortable thinking of Castiel in that way. Dean wasn’t entirely sure if it was internalized homophobia or the fact that he didn’t know if Cas felt the same way as him. His smile faded to a slight frown at the thought of rejection.
“Dean,” Castiel moaned, sitting up. Dean was lying motionless in the corner of the room. “Dean,” Cas said again, panic leaking into his voice. He stood rushing over to Dean. Dean coughed, sitting up. Castiel let out a sigh in relief.
Before Dean knew what he was doing, he felt his head rising towards Cas’s. However, when Dean’s nose hit Cas’s, he quickly moved away. Mumbling something under his breath about “Sorry” and needing to go, he stood and rushed towards the door inside.
Cas took a deep breath, trying to center himself. Some tears had fought past his defenses and were drawing wet trails down his face: I...
I hope you enjoyed this chapter! It was a fun one to write. I am not very good at dialogue still so I apologize for it's clunkiness. I was really looking forward to writing the accident(I'm weird like that lol) but then when I wrote the last bit I just knew it would be the perfect place to end the chapter. The next chapter should hopefully be out soon but we'll see how my schedule holds up. If you made it this far, please drop a kudos. I am not new to writing but this is the first thing I've "officially published" and it definitely won't be the last and the exposure would be nice. I am thinking about adding some more *ahem* e x p i c i t  c o n t e n t *ahem* to get more views ;). Might not tho.
A loud throat clearing sounded from the front of the room. The noise broke the tension between the two boys. Each reassigned their gaze to the board. However, their minds traveled to a different place.
“Where we met,” he finished, his voice practically a whisper, “or, rather, where you remember meeting me.”
Minutes went by. Cas hadn’t responded. Finally, after what felt like an hour Cas asked: When are you coming back to school?
Though I am writing another extra chapter I may not publish it so let me know if you want me to. Thank you so much for reading and I hope you had as much fun as I did!
Dean sighed: No it wasn’t. I overreacted. I was being stupid. I was drunk and I shouldn’t have been driving. I knew, even then, that I shouldn’t have. I was just…
Cas relaxed a little as Dean pushed the up button on the elevator. He glanced up, meeting Dean’s eyes. He licked his lips unconsciously, drawing Dean’s eyes to them. Cas shifted closer until their mouths were almost touching.
He relaxed a little at the thought, letting his mind return to the conversation playing out in front of him. He offered to drive some of the guys without licenses and a few accepted.
The reason for Cas doing what he did next depended on how you look at the situation. One could blame it on the distance between them, their drunkenness, or Cas’s general guilt and horniness. Who’s to say? All Cas could remember was grabbing the other's T-shirt, pulling him into a kiss, and that kiss ending abruptly when two people entered the room.
Dean hummed in approval, “Do you want to get another drink? I kinda spilled my beer catching you,” he asked, palming the nape of his neck.
“It’s okay,” Dean cooed, “Me too,” the words were strained. “Cas,” he moaned, body going rigid. Nails biting into Castiel’s skin through the shirt.
The man at the counter cleared his throat. Ellen sighed, “I’d better get back to work. You boys enjoy.”
“U-huh,” Chuck replied, his tone dripping with disbelief. Cas hadn’t come out to his family yet as gay but he was sure his Dad already knew. Luckily he never pushed Cas to say it out loud.
“I don’t get it,” he voiced, staring into his drink for a moment before turning his head to meet Dean’s questioning gaze, “Why would you hang out with me? I’m not cool.”
Dean thought for a minute, his eyes flitting between the half-cooked burgers and Cas. “Fine,” he said, giving in and handing Charlie the spatula, “Burn my burgers and suffer the consequences.”
Dean. A pang of guilt hit his stomach. How could he forget about Dean? They hadn’t spoken much but Cas had spent many hours daydreaming about the boy. Dean was definitely straight. Even if he wasn’t, he’d never be interested in Cas. Cas was a mess. Although...he had caught Dean looking at him a few times, and they did have a kind of moment yesterday. No. He was being dumb. He needed a subject change.
Dean’s room was practically filled to the brim with flowers, balloons, candy, and cards. It reminded him of that scene in Harry Potter after he had confronted Professor Quill and wound up in the infirmary. Cas chuckled to himself at the thought.
It started soft with their lips barely on eachother. Dean grabbed Cas’s face to keep him close as he pressed further into the kiss. Cas moved his hand from Dean’s cheek up to his still wet hair. It felt cool as it slid through his fingers but it quickly warmed at his touch.
Cas starts a routine of visiting and taking care of him which is rudely interrupted by John Winchester. However, fate seems to be on Castiel's side.
“It was nice to meet you too,” Cas answered, standing up and shaking her hand. She turned, practically running out of Dean’s yard. He chuckled, knowing exactly why she left so quickly. Cas tilted his head at him in a silent question.
An attractive boy with black hair sat in the back corner of the semi-crowded class. He was staring out a nearby window. There was a look of disinterest shrouded on his slightly stubbly face. He was the first thing Dean noticed as he walked into the noisy and crowded class. Some students looked his way when he entered the classroom. The teacher cleared his throat to introduce the new student. They quickly silenced, turning to the front to face the pair. Dean was nervous but he smiled at them confidently. He was used to moving around and going to new schools. Dean’s gaze wandered over the other students before returning to the attractive boy who hadn’t bothered looking towards the front.
“Cas,” Dean called from his driveway. Castiel’s stomach fluttered when he heard the nickname. Turning he saw Dean jogging towards where he stood. Something a bit lower fluttered.
“Everyone I’d like you to meet Dean Winchester,” the teacher said, gesturing towards Dean, “Please take a seat.”
Cas’s father sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Fine,” he gave in, handing Cas the keys,” but you’d better leave now. That line’s always long and we still have to beat traffic.”
"I'm not sure I understand, Dean." Castiel cocked his head and Dean chuckled at the sight. It had been so long since Castiel had been utterly clueless.
Titan gladly obliged and proceeded to lick all of Daniel's face as he squealed even louder and tried hard to get away from Future Dean. Finally, after Daniel's face was thoroughly sticky from hound slobber, Future Dean swung his son back upwards and balanced him on his hip. Daniel rubbed at his face. The timer for their dinner went off at the same time as the sound of a car engine being cut off in front of the house. Titan barked.
Yet, the memory remained, as Jamie’s lips met Deans and the mostly empty field around them bled into one giant blur. Time stopped. Those were always the best kisses, Dean had heard. This had most certainly been one of the best.
It had given Dean some hope for himself in the long run. Now, he supposed, he didn’t have to worry too much.
“It’s just insurance Cas,” Dean assured the angel, and patted him on the side of his arm to make sure the device did not move or come loose, should Castiel jerk his upper half abruptly.
"Well duh," Daniel laughed. Dean couldn't help, but notice how much Daniel looked like he did when he was younger, but with an even mix of Castiel in there too. His two different colored eyes were his distinct feature. A little unique trait from Annahita. "Whatcha bring me?!'
“Daniel,” the boy shook his head and chuckled, placing a hand on Daniel’s shoulder and with the other, he handed Daniel something.
Daniel looked over at his father and gave a sheepish smile as he climbed into the backseat of the car. Sarah skipped over to her side and joined him moments later.
"The probability of that happening," Future Dean said. He and Sam hadn't hunted in years. They'd left it to others who didn't have children to worry about. "Is zero to none."
I went the incestuous route with Adam and Eve because let's face it: one, the Bible does some weird shit, and two, I forgot they were married when I started writing this. So, why not both?! xD
“I must go,” Titan shifted into a human, his sky-blue eyes slightly dimmed from their normal light. He was exhausted but refusing to give in to the weariness.
“When Michael broke free,” Meg explained. “He sent out a wavelength of power. It radiated all through Hell. We demons are lucky we didn’t all perish when it happened.”
There wouldn’t be any point in monster hunting if their trusty ride weren’t in the best shape of its life.
His handiwork, yes, that was what he told himself when he found his eyes lingering just a little too long.
Instead, he had watched John walk away, as he did now as an adult, and stumble as he went fast towards the Impala. He peeled out of Bobby’s junkyard faster than a robber running from the cops and young Dean coughed as the dust kicked up.
He made eye contact with his Dad when he got downstairs who was sipping coffee and reading a newspaper.
“Yeah, sorry,” Cas answered. The lunch bell rang, saving him. He stood up quickly, grabbing his bag and tray, “I better go. I’ll see you after school?” he asked Dean.
Dean choked down the laugh forming in his throat, “So, what do you do for work?” he asked, changing the subject.
Dean took it gratefully, “Thanks, make yourself at home,” he gestured to the living room and walked over to the kitchen.
“Thanks,” Dean chuckled, grabbing the coffee and taking a sip. At first, he looked ready to spit it out onto the floor. After a few more sips his expression changed to a more neutral look. “Just the way I like it.” He said with a chuckle. Cas inspected the other’s face curiously. The freckled cheeks were tinted pink. Upon further inspection, Cas realized Dean looked nervous. He realized he was staring and he glanced up into the other's eyes. They made eye contact for what seemed forever but was a few seconds. Neither spoke.
Cas still had his head resting on his hands. Upon closer inspection, Dean realized he was asleep. Cas’s back was rising and falling steadily under the large, blue-grey sweatshirt he was wearing. Dean leaned a little over his desk while putting his bag down to look at Castiel’s face. His usually blue eyes were closed gently. His long lashes reached for the bags resting under them. Dean’s eyes wandered down towards the man's plump, chapped lips. They were slightly parted. A small trickle of drool ran out from between them, getting caught in the light stubble on his jaw before trickling onto the back of his hand. A light snore emitted from the parted lips with every breath.
“Thanks, you too,” Cas replied with a smile. He glanced down at the cup in his left hand as he pressed his back to the door to open it. Under his name was written “Text me” with a number and Eli’s name scribbled on it. He glanced back up at the cashier who shot him a wink before going back to his orders.
“Well you see,” Rowena said, grabbing his hand and placing it on Dean’s shoulder. She studied Dean’s reaction as she continued to explain, “That was no ordinary crystal. Though I’m not sure why it affected you two.”
“Well, what the-” Gabriel started, his face quickly changed from confusion to realization, “Ooooh. You like him.”
At first, Dean just stared up at the sky, processing what had just happened. Groaning in embarrassment, he shoved the balls of his hand into his eyes.
“Oh,” Cas said, shoveling another spoonful of cereal into his mouth. His guilt nearly spilled over at the comment.
He kept his eyes down. Dean had a single-story home making his room visible from the kitchen window as well. Cas rinsed the pot out and filled it halfway with water, dumping it in the machine.
When the two got to the school Cas’s dad parked in the back where he usually did. They grabbed their stuff and headed inside. Not many other people were at the building as early as the father and son. Mostly teachers hiding in their classrooms or the Teacher’s Lounge. There were a few students scattered across the school, most of their parents had early work hours.
The hospital seemed busier than usual, Castiel thought as he found his way to Dean’s room for the last time. He had decided that this would be the last time he’d visit him. Based on John Winchester’s reaction to him being there yesterday, he didn’t want to risk putting Dean in any more danger.
Just before he was about to snatch up his phone to leave the bathroom it pinged with a text. He grabbed for it too quickly and fumbled. It’d nearly fallen to the ground but he’d caught it between his fingers and stomach last second. He let out a sigh of relief, sending a silent thanks to whoever was listening before flipping the phone over so the screen lit up.
“Oh, no,” Gabe said hastily before asking, “There’s gonna be a party this weekend at some kid’s house. Wanna go with us?”
“Hi!” He smiled back. He felt the hair on his neck stand up and found himself staring into the bright green eyes of Dean Winchester.
“There you go, I hope you don’t mind chocolate,” she said to Cas, “This was Dean’s favorite when he was little.”
Cas felt like he was about to explode. A mini-war started in his head as he debated about taking it. Soon deciding it would be rude to decline the gesture, he snatched up the purple bottle. It looked grape flavor. After struggling to open it for a bit he took a sip and decided it wasn’t. It wasn’t bad though so he kept drinking. He glanced up at Dean who had a small smile on his face. He took a swig of his drink and smacked his lips. Cas watched closely, stifling a laugh. The classroom had been filled by people. The talking disguised Cas’s laugh. He leaned forward a bit to see if he could start flirting with Dean. Just then Mr. Shurely, aka his father, walked to the front of the classroom to begin the lesson.
“That’s Uhm, that’s good,” Dean breathed, his face flushed, “I uh, I am to-” Castiel cut him off with a kiss. He rolled his hips forward into Dean’s with renewed confidence. His breath hitching in his throat at the contact. “Cas,” Dean pleaded into the kiss. The sound of Dean moaning his name was nearly enough to push him over the edge. Biting back his own moan as he ground their hips together faster.
“Thank you,” Dean replied. Maybe it was the lighting, but Cas could have sworn Dean’s cheeks tinted a bit at the comment, “Glad to meet a man of taste,” he said, turning over the engine. Cas adjusted his skirt as they drove. Somehow, it had managed to ride up, exposing the under part of his thighs. He grumbled to himself as he pushed off the seat a bit and swept his hands under him to lay it flat.
Eleven hours later after a lot of internal debate, Castiel was ringing Dean’s doorbell. The door swung open almost immediately. Dean was standing on the other side, his face lit up in a laugh. “Cas,” he said, a hint of shock in his voice.
“Hot dogs it is,” Dean smiled. He stood up and turned towards the kitchen, wiping his face off while his back was turned. He opened the mostly empty fridge and grabbed the packet of hot dogs. He put two in the microwave and stood, staring at them as they cooked. His eyes still stung and his body felt heavy.
“I don’t know,” Cas admitted, eyes falling to where his hands rested on his knees, “I have a feeling it has to do with that,” he pointed vaguely toward the crystal in the center of the room.
“If you wouldn’t mind, Cas, I’d like a word with him in private,” she said, looking up at him. His eyes flicked between her and Dean a few times before he lifted his hand off of his shoulder and headed towards the door.
“Yes, but first,” Dean summoned the remainder of his strength and pulled Cas into another kiss, “I love you too, my little angel” he whispered, gently planting another kiss on Cas’s lips before letting him go.
Sadly his dream was not reality. The classroom filled up quickly. Cas couldn’t help but count down the minutes until the first bell. He could feel his nerves growing as they passed with no sign of Dean. The once-hot black coffee was now just above room temperature. Cas was fiddling with the coffee sleeve wrapped around the cup, silently praying that he wouldn’t have to end up drinking
“Oh, shut your pie hole, Gabe.” Anna, his other best friend, replied. She took a shot at Gabe’s arm but he dodged quickly.
Cas smiled at him, the tears on his face replaced by the goo. “Goodbye, Dean,” he said, grabbing Dean’s arm.
Dean’s mouth fell open as his eyes tracked the intricately detailed pillars and counted the windows. There were at least 3 floors, not counting the attic. Lights scattered around the driveway and along the walls of the building. Colorful lights and loud music shot from every opening. People were strewn across the lawn, in between cars, and he could hear some giggling in the bushes that lined the bottom half of the driveway. Charlie gasped from somewhere to his left prompting Kevin to laugh and Benny to say something about “first-timers”.
“Hey, hey, it’s okay. You tried,” Charlie dove into action, bending down and slinging one arm over his hunched back with a comforting smile.
Dean sighed. This whole “End Of The World” was starting to seem normal as it became a routine. When was the final shabang? He knew he wasn’t able to escape this life, not properly at least. There would always be another hunt up until the day he died. One boss fight after another like a bad, never ending video game.
“Let’s just get this over with.” Dean grunted, he started the car, turned on his tunes,drove off. The clock read 7:30.
A loud croak pulled Cas from his slumber. He reflexively sat up, still half asleep. Someone was sitting in the desk in front of him. Cas blinked. Once. Twice. His vision cleared. It was a panicked boy. Cas’s still tired brain took a second to register who it was. He gasped in horror when it finally sank it. It was Dean. Sitting there. Staring at Cas.
Dean was discharged from the hospital on Wednesday after a thorough check-up. To say John was pissed would be an understatement. John Winchester was a mean drunk but even worse when sober and angry. No one was safe when he was mad. Dean took the brunt of the damage, protecting Sammy as best he could. The bruises he could blame on the accident. It was the words that did the real damage.
Castiel looked up at him, pulling away slightly, “Do you,” he took a breath to steady himself, “do you want this?”
A glance over towards the anxious ocean-colored eyes brought a small smile to his face which he quickly hid with another sip. He felt his face straighten out with the last sip, turning his head to fully look into the blue eyes. “Just the way I like it.” he managed to get out. It earned him a small smile and blush from the other boy.
Dean Winchester was a beautiful man, unfortunately for Castiel. Since the day Dean had moved into the house next to him, Castiel’s life had felt like a living hell. It wasn’t enough that Dean was hot, he spent almost all his time outside in jeans and a tight shirt, or no shirt at all. He always seemed to be in Castiel’s view when he was home. If Dean wasn’t so painfully straight, Castiel would’ve thought he was teasing him.
“I am beyond done for the day,” Charlie said with an exaggerated yawn and stretch. Dean rolled his eyes but followed her up. She pulled him into a hug, “Don’t fuck this up, Winchester,” she whispered in his ear, pulling away with a wink. The sky was starting to grow dark as the sun set lower on the horizon. “It was nice to meet you, Cas. You should come to more of these.”
“Thanks,” Eli replied, Cas blushed as he saw the other's eyes quickly comb over his body. Eli’s polite smile turned into a flirty smirk as he met Cas’s eyes once more. He matched Cas’s stance as he replied, “I like your shirt. So what’s your name?”
Cas gave up on his quest to find his friends and headed back to his father’s classroom. Dropping his heavy bag on the floor he slumped into his seat. He heard his dad’s pen scribbling on some papers.
“N-nothing,” Dean answered. It quickly followed by another groan as he folded in on himself. Rowena hummed at him again, clearly not believing him.
“Dean, wait,” he said. Dean stopped and started to raise himself onto his hands when Cas strategically flipped him over onto his back.
Cas’s hair wasn’t too terrible thankfully. There was a visibly damp line on his cheek. He was probably drooling. Cas groaned. Before splashing some cool water on his face. He used the water accumulated on his hands to try and control his bed head. It took a minute for his head to clear up and to gain the confidence to go back to the classroom.
“I might have found a way to defeat her.” Sam offered the book to Dean, who had just taken another big bite of cheeseburger, causing Sam to retract his offer and instead read it out loud to him, “it says here we need something called the “Arrow of Brahma”, I haven’t been able to find a location but we can run things over with Cas back at the bunker.”
Cas grabbed a fry with his free hand, shoving it in his mouth. It was good, better than McDonald’s. He grabbed another, contemplating asking for ranch to dip them in.
At some point during the dinner, Dean had pressed his thigh against Castiel’s. He chalked it up to the tight proximity but didn’t move to pull it away.
Dean thought for a minute, finishing his pancake flip. “Yeah, yeah I’d love to,” he finally said, turning his head and planting a kiss on Cas’s cheek.
Dean’s day went by quite a bit slower than anticipated. Surprisingly, none of his friends had texted about the party and everyone was being oddly quiet online. So far Dean had spent the day sitting in the crappy motel bed, watching television. Sammy was sitting in the corner, working on some homework. Dean glanced over every once and a while to make sure he didn’t need help. One time when Dean glanced over at his brother, his tongue was stuck out in concentration as the pencil in his hand flitted over the pages of his homework. Dean chuckled, he may not be the smartest or best at school but he would always be there for Sammy. He’d always protect him.
He reached across the table and grabbed one of Dean’s hands. He brought it to his lips in a kiss, making Dean flush red. Cas cackled at the reaction he’d managed to get out of Dean.
Cas smiled at him before looking back down to the coffee in his hand. Dean couldn’t take his eyes off Cas, trying to memorize every detail he could.
“It’s past noon,” his dad replied. Cas rolled his eyes with his back turned. Once he had his cereal poured, he sat down across the table from his father and started eating, “So, did you hear?”
“Hiya, Cas” he heard himself say, just loud enough so that Cas could hear it over the blaring music.
Cas felt his dick strain against the fabric of his boxers, pushing for more contact. He caved, grinding into Dean, soaking in the pleasure. It flowed through him, overwhelming his senses. He dropped to his elbows, kissing Dean sloppily. Letting their mouths swallow up each other's moans.
“You too,” Cas answered, shutting the door. He started the engine and put it into drive. Smiling at Dean before driving off.
“We lived here before. We moved a couple of years after,” Dean hesitated, “after my mom died. I’m surprised I remember it.”
Cas chuckled to himself beside Dean, though his gaze never left the sky. Dean looked down at him for a little while longer before turning his eyes to the sky. It was nice. Sitting there with Cas, looking up at the faintly star dotted sky, music quietly playing in the distance, crisp night air making the noses and cheeks cold. Dean felt the tension leave his shoulders and he took a deep breath, his eyes closed gently.
“Yeah man, text me the address,” Dean said. Maybe he’d be able to pick up a chick or two to take his mind off the blue-eyed boy for a while. Dean’s cell phone pinged with the texted address.
“I can’t believe you made me wear this,” Cas said as soon as they reached the corner. He hooked a finger into the choker, scratching where the lace itched his skin.
They sat there for seemingly hours, relishing in what had just happened. Fear that they might wake up and find it was a dream settling in their hearts.
Cas peaked his head around the door. Dean wasn’t there but a few more of his classmates had arrived. They all looked as dead as Cas felt. He walked back over to his desk, trying not to trip. His father gave him a sympathetic smile when he sat down.
“It’s fine. It was a long time ago. Let’s just go in,” Dean sighed. He hopped out of the car before Cas could say anything else. He waited by the door while Cas got out and locked the car.
“Dean, what happened to Cas- it wasn’t your fault,” Sam said, leaning against the doorframe. He continued when Dean shrugged,“ he saved you. It was his choice.”
He walked up to the counter and smiled, pausing his music respectfully. The cashier was cute. He was about Cas’s height and age. He had brown hair and pale skin. Cas glanced down to his nametag and saw Eli written on it. He wore a black T-shirt under his apron which accented his strong arms. One of which had a tattoo of a black pair of wings on the forearm.
When Cas looked back up, he found that Eli had moved closer and was now leaning his shoulder on the wall no more than six inches from where Cas was.
His dad nodded uncomfortably. He started to walk towards the living room but stopped in the doorway. He turned around and pointed at the entry table where the keys sat, “You should visit him. I have a good feeling about today,” he smiled at Cas before walking into the living room.
“You sure about that?” Dean whispered in his ear. Cas jumped, wondering when Dean had gotten behind him. Dean’s breath on his neck sent a shiver down his spine.
Gabe looked back at him dramatically while singing, cueing Cas to join in. Cas took the hint and started singing in between laughing fits.
Dean never paid attention in Economics. It had to be the most boring class that he had. Lucky for him it wasn’t hard to distract himself from the seemingly eternal boringness of the class. His eyes dragged across the board at the front of the room. They picked out every small detail, eventually coming to a stop at the date on the edge of the board. Wednesday, February 12th. Two more days before the weekend. He sighed in defeat. The only thing he had to look forward to was pre-calc in the morning. Dean’s mind wandered to the handsome boy who sat behind him.
“You’d better,” Dean said with a wink, turning around and running for the school. Cas watched him go, looking away only after he’d turned a corner, disappearing from view. He hiked back up the bleachers, grabbing his bag and book before heading off to the parking lot to meet his dad.
“What?” Dean asked, still grinning with amusement. Sam’s expression remained unwavering, “C’mon. That’s funny.”
Cas didn’t answer. Something behind Dean caught his eyes. His face broke out into a sad smile. Dean was just about to look behind him when something touched his shoulders. He looked down in time to see black goo creep its way up his arms towards Cas.
The two were about the same height, one of them had brown hair and pale skin with black wings tattooed on his arm. Dean's stomach seemed to drop onto the floor when he recognized that the other one- was Cas.
Against all of his instinct, Castiel left the room and sat in the library as he waited for Dean to come out. He didn’t know how much time had passed when he looked up to see Dean limping into the room. His skin was pale and sweaty, his knuckles were pressing into his side. “Dean,” Castiel called, standing up from where he sat. He pulled Dean into a hug, wishing he could fix whatever was wrong with him.
“Oh, those aren’t real,” Dean answered, glancing over at him. “I have other ones though,” he continued after seeing Cas’s disappointed face.
Dean’s thoughts made their way back to the group of jocks he was sitting with. Dean was relatively good at football. He had just joined the school's team and was now attempting to bond with some of the players. One of them, Benny, had just made a joke. Dean hadn’t been paying attention to it but he laughed anyway.
Cas took a deep breath before walking over to next to the bed. He studied his face for a minute, holding his hand gently, before beginning his speech, “Hello, Dean. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I never meant to hurt you, in any way. Before I met you, my left felt empty, meaningless. I always wondered what my true happiness could look like. I never found an answer. Because the one thing I want...it’s something I know I can’t have. You changed me, Dean. I love you,” before he knew what he was doing, Cas leaned down and planted a soft kiss on his lips, and, for a second, he thought he felt the other boy kiss back. He pulled away, crying, and whispered, “Goodbye, Dean.”
“Nothing,” Cas replied, earning a confused look out of the two sitting in front of him, “Dean gave it to me.”
It had been a few weeks since Dean had started at the new high school. He was already pretty popular, though he doubted that he’d be able to maintain the popularity for much longer. That’s how it has been so far in his high school career. This was his, 4th? Maybe 5th high school. Luckily, this was his senior year and he wouldn’t have to worry about school much longer. His plan was to pass high school and carry on the family business.
“Thank you,” Cas said, grabbing the papers out of his hand and shoving them on the stack. He somehow managed to unlock the car door and opened it, throwing the papers on the passenger seat.
Cas thought, sipping his water. “I don’t know. Both I guess. You didn’t save me though,” he said into the glass.
Castiel’s mouth parted in a gasp as his eyes traced across the metal from the trunk to the hood. “This is yours?” He asked in awe.
Cas sat on the bathroom floor staring at his phone helplessly as he waited for Dean to respond. When he finally did, it came in multiple parts: No it wasn’t. I overreacted. I was being stupid. I was drunk and I shouldn’t have been driving. I knew, even then, that I shouldn’t have. I was just...
Dean looked down and read the note. It was a Good-bye note. From Cas. Dean felt a sudden rush of emotions.
Cas cut him off with a heated kiss before leaning down to Dean’s ear and whispering, “I like being on top.” Dean groaned under him, his hips bucking up into Cas’s. He hid a smile against Dean’s neck, drawing another moan from Dean with a roll of his hips. He leaned back on his ankles, admiring Dean as he squirmed under him.
Cas watched him open the oven and take out the bacon, his brain still hazy from earlier. “You got coffee?” he asked when Dean had gotten himself situated again.
“Yeah, I got it from my old man,” Dean smiled as he watched Cas. He walked over and unlocked the door, holding it open for Cas, who promptly sat down. He twisted every which way, admiring the classic car.
12 hours and 3 picked up people later, Dean, Charlie, Benny, and Kevin stood at one end of a magnificent driveway. The large, car-crowded, arched pavement led up to an even more majestic mansion. It was like something out of a magazine for the rich.
He tensed, his hips faltering as a wave of pleasure crashed through him. He fell onto the bed next to Dean, panting. The smell of sweat hung in the air. Dean let out a burst of laughter beside him. Cas looked over at him, confused. “What? Did I do something wrong?” he asked.
Dean picked at the blanket, not looking up, “I should have done more. I should have told him I-” he cut off, realizing what he was about to say. “I should have figured something else out,” he corrected.
Hello again! I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Please consider leaving a comment and/or kudos if you liked it! Even if you didn't I'd love to hear your feedback! Stay tuned for part 2 in the series, it should be available within a week. You can access it but clicking the "Heaven's Gate High AU" link in the chapter description! Thanks so much for your support!
“I’m sorry,” he said, backing up to sit on his bed with his hands in his face. Cas remained leaned against the desk. His face was frozen in shock, slowly processing what had just happened before slowly walking over to stand above Dean. He squatted down in front of him. Cas felt his mind and heart racing. He reached up and gently tugged Dean’s hands away.
“Cas,” the other barista said as she placed his drinks on the empty counter. She smiled at him when he came to collect them, “Have a nice day!”
“It’s from her,” he said, pointing at a brunette sitting at a table with her friends. She blushed and gave a small wave when he looked over at her.
Dean had not expected to see Cas at the party, and he DEFINITELY didn’t expect him to look so, well, hot.
The first thing that Cas noticed when he walked into the hospital room was the sudden emptiness. Someone had gotten rid of all the flowers, cards, bears, and other gifts that had littered the room. The only thing that remained was the painting of flowers on the wall that belonged to the hospital. His eyes trailed back to Dean who, somehow, looked even more lifeless without the various sympathy gifts that used to surround him.
“Dean,” Cas called, shoving around people. Eventually, he made it outside and saw Dean tripping down the driveway. He ran after him, still calling. Either Dean didn’t hear him or he was ignoring Cas. Cas ran after him the best he could in his own slightly drunken state, following him around the corner and down the street to where the black chevy from earlier was parked. Dean was fumbling with his keys in a futile attempt to unlock his car.
There was so much that Castiel wanted to do. To Dean. To himself. Some things seemed plausible for their current situation. Some things would have to wait until later. Most things required him to stop what was happening and no force on heaven or earth could do that. Most of all, he wanted Dean. He wanted to feel him. To hear him. To smell and see and taste him. He wanted to lose himself in Dean. Nothing else mattered.
Neither looked away until Charlie asked, “You two know each other?”. It was then that Dean realized that he’d never told her the name of the guy he liked. His expression faltered, but just for a second so he doubted Cas noticed.
Cas whipped around, surprised at the sudden words. He quickly hid the paper he was holding behind his back.
Cas didn’t realize he was holding his breath until he managed to gather the courage to offer the other boy the now cool coffee.
“Stay. I’m gonna go see if we have any books on the Arrow.” Sam said, nudging Dean towards the brightly lit table in the center of the room where Cas was sitting.
He hesitantly raised the cool cup to his lips, parting them gently as he tipped the cup back to allow some of the bitter liquid into his mouth. Immediately, he got the urge to spit it out. The coldness of the drink was...unanticipated, to say the least. It took a second before Dean got used to the temperature before swallowing the liquid in his mouth and going in for another sip. Coffee was coffee and he needed it today more than ever.
Dean reached behind Cas and grabbed the note, not breaking eye contact. He slowly unfolded the note.
“That thing threw us clear across the room when we touched it,” Dean spat. Castiel grabbed his arm, holding him back.
“I guess we’ll find out,” Dean answered with a wink. He leaned forward to peek out the window, “I should probably go though,” he said, finishing the coffee off in a few gulps. He licked his lips collecting the stragglers and put down the cup on the counter. “I’ll see you later?” he asked.
Dean looked at him again. Tears started to well up in his eyes. Cas’s face softened. Dean took a deep breath, “I’m sorry. For the other night. I didn’t mean to upset you,” Dean said quietly, his voice wavering.
“That’s for me to decide,” he countered. He stretched his legs out in front of him and leaned back on one hand, picking up his own drink in the other, “What makes you think you’re not? You bought me coffee. That was pretty cool in my book.”
“Sir, yes, sir,” Charlie answered, mock-saluting him. Dean rolled his eyes but headed towards Cas and Sam anyways.
“No,” Dean said, batting away his hand. His hand froze in the air, shock taking over the pained look on his face, “Weird.” Castiel squinted at him, head tilted in confusion. Dean blew it off, slowly getting up. He hissed, hand grasping at his side again. “Let’s go,” he said once he’d steadied himself again.
There it was again, that name. That one syllable that could bring a smile to his face or take it away.
“No! Nothing like that.” Castiel assured him. It had been a couple of weeks since Dean had transferred to their school. He’d started a few weeks after the second semester began. Cas had noticed the air getting warmer. Spring was on its way along, bringing along Promposals and a new set of gossip.
This time Mr. Shurely looked up from the paper and folded his hands before answering. “I don’t recall asking. Now have a seat. I need to finish grading these.” He gestured towards Dean’s desk before going back to his writing. He made his way to the desk in front of the boy.
Dean lost count eventually. The world seemed to spin around him. Charlie was reaching for another doorknob and opened it to find another couple kissing in it. The two pulled apart quickly, allowing Dean a view of each of their shocked faces.
His hands shook as he opened the text. It was from the cute barista, Eli. He smiled down at his phone. He had sent two texts the night before.
“Hello, handsome,” he smirked, looking Cas up and down before pulling him into a kiss. Cas smiled into the kiss, his face tinted pink. Neither of them was wearing anything fancy. Dean was sporting his letterman jacket over a white shirt and jeans, while Cas wore a hoodie and jeans.
“Sir, yes, sir,” Cas chuckled, turning around to kiss Dean again. His fingers fumbled to undo Dean’s belt. He had to stop the kiss to undo the zipper and button, his shaky hands not helping with the situation. Eventually, he got them undone and the jeans fell into a loose pile around Dean’s ankles. He promptly kicked them off to the side. Cas didn’t get a chance to see where before Dean had him bound in another kiss.
He led them to a car parked at the back of the school. Dean pulled up the directions on his phone after they got in. It had been a couple of years since he’d been able to visit this place.
Adam threw a lot of parties, most of which Cas attended. Not because he liked the people or the booze, but because he knew the secret access to the roof foyer which had an amazing view.
Cas hesitated, inspecting his beer as he said “I’m not very good at this sort of stuff. Normally, I would make up some kind of excuse as to why I couldn’t go.”
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled. They stood, staring at each other for a few seconds before the doors started to close. Dean flung his arm out, stopping them. He looked at Cas, wide-eyed, before breaking out laughing. Cas snorted, following as Dean walked out of the elevator and down the hall to the left.
“Of course I am,” Dean answered, his voice thick. He cleared his throat before continuing, “I always am. You know that. What do you want to eat?”
He thought about his next words carefully:  I caused the accident. You saw me kissing Eli and I hurt you and made you leave and I tried to stop you but you didn’t and it’s my fault.
“Here,” Cas said, tapping Dean’s shoulder with the cup, “it’s to make up for Wednesday. I wasn’t sure how you like it so I just got black. I got it a while ago though, so it’s cold now. Sorry.” He blushed, realizing he was rambling. Dean had turned around in his seat and was now looking at Cas with a smile. It was evident he was holding back a laugh.
Dean was ripped from his daze with the sharp noise of a throat being cleared. With a slight blush heating his face he turned his attention towards the front of the classroom. The noise around them grew quiet as the man in front started his lesson.
“Girls, usually,” she answered with a cackle. Dean took a shot at her arm, missing as she dodged. He looked up at Cas again. Sam had made his way over and was talking to him. They were both laughing at something Sam had said. “Go talk to him,” Charlie said, shoving him away from the grill, “I can handle this.”
“It’s okay,” he responded with a sad smile. Cas nodded at him and Charlie before shoving past her and in the direction Dean went.
“So how do you guys think you did on Mr. Singer’s quiz?” Cas changed the subject to pull the two away from their glaring contest.
“Really?” Rowena asked, perking up curiously. Her eyes drifted as she lost herself in thought, “You seem fine, considering.”
Dean looked over at her, exasperated, “He doesn’t ‘clearly like me’. He avoids me. He runs inside almost every time I try to talk to him.”
Dean looked at him, holding his eyes for a second before leaning back in his chair. “I don’t know man.” Castiel cocked his head. “Can’t you use some of your mojo to check?”
“Right,” Cas said, looking down at the dress, then twisting his head as far as it would go to look at his laced up back. He let out a defeated sigh, turning to Dean, “Do you mind?” He asked, twisting around.
“Yeah. I mean, I practically raised the kid,” Dean laughed awkwardly, “Can we talk about something else. I’d rather not think about my brother right now.”
Cas sat slumped for another minute or two before receiving a text from Gabe asking him where he was.
“Dean,” Sammy called, bursting into his room. He relaxed when he saw Dean sitting on his bed, “You okay, dude?”
Dean closed the distance between the two, pressing his lips to Castiel’s. Cas gasped at the unexpected action. Dean had pictured this moment a thousand times but never thought it would be like this. Cas didn’t return the gesture. Dean stopped and pulled back, cheeks flushed, looking embarrassed.
He was right in his guess. Only four tired-looking people were standing in front of him in line. Cas pulled out his phone and slipped in an earbud while he waited. His turn to order came quickly.
The group shoved their way through the crowd of people to get some drinks from the bar. It was filled with alcohol and surrounded by drunk high schoolers.
Once he reached his desk and sat down he turned around. Castiel had his long sleeves pulled up to his fingertips. He held his hands in front of his eyes in embarrassment.
Once again the whole world was in danger. Once again no one knew but the Winchesters and some close friends. Once again all of the pressure was on Sam and Dean Winchester to fix it.
Dean, confused by the sudden subject change, answered: The Doctor said I should be okay to go by Thursday. Why?
It was hard for Dean to keep his focus on what was happening in the room. His mind kept wandering to the scenario he had imagined a few days prior with the smaller man pinned against a wall as they kissed roughly.
His eyes wandered around the kitchen as he waited for the coffee to brew. He found himself looking out the window at Dean’s room. Castiel couldn’t see much. Just a shadow of Dean spooning someone. He sighed and turned back to the coffee.
Cas watched Dean drive away, unable to do anything but stare. He stood, watching him pass car after car, coming up at an intersection. He watched Dean not stop at the red sign. And he watched as a dark blue van came barreling from the left, hitting the side of the impala just behind where Dean sat and made it roll.
Cas shifted next to him. Dean glanced over to find Cas smiling up at him. He had tucked his arm behind his head for some extra cushion. Dean felt his cheeks heat up as the blue eyes scanned his face.
Cas glanced up at the menu as he tried to get his heart to stop beating so fast. Once it had he looked back down into the other’s eyes with his own smile.
However, much to Cas’s surprise, the second his lips left Dean’s head, the boy's hand clenched around his own. Cas stared at the hands in shock. Not entirely sure what had happened or how to react, he gently pulled his hand out from the other’s. On his way out of the door, he bumped into a man wearing a brown jacket and jeans. The name John Winchester was plastered on a nametag on his jacket. Dean’s father Cas guessed.
For the next few weeks, this became a habit, a sort of way to cope with the fact that he was the original cause of why Dean was even stuck in this state. Not to say that he didn’t enjoy seeing Dean, he just wished Dean were more...conscious. Talking to Dean in this state, even with the minor reactions, felt equivalent to talking to a brick wall. Fear that Dean may never wake up looming over his guilty conscience with every visit.
“Yes,” He answered, definitely not noticing that Dean wasn’t wearing a shirt or the drops of sweat that had accumulated on his skin.
“Yeah, grab a mug, they’re in the cabinet above it,” he said, gesturing at the coffee maker. Cas pulled himself off the door and walked over to it. Pouring some coffee into his cup, he turned around eyes watching Dean again. He crept up behind him, hands finding their way around Dean’s waist with a satisfied sigh.
“A bit late, isn’t it?” Dean asked, squinting at the watch on Castiel’s wrist. Cas flipped his wrist, checking the time out of habit, and dropped some of the papers in his hand on the ground.
“Cas,” Dean grabbed his hand, pulling him back when he tried to stand. “Please,” he pleaded, “it’s the only way it doesn’t hurt.” Castiel looked at him, confused. Dean didn’t elaborate. His hand held Cas’s in a death grip.
“Dean, wait,” Castiel grabbed his other hand, pinning it against the table. Dean stopped, the hand clutching his side relaxed a little. “Dean?” Cas asked, pulling away his hand. Immediately, Dean was pressing his hand into his side again. Hesitantly, Castiel touched his arm. “Dean? What-”
“Yes, but first,” Dean pulled him back down to meet their lips once again. He pulled back just enough to whisper, “I love you too, my little angel”
Now, he was sitting in the back of the Ambulance next to where Dean lay unconscious. He was told that he needed to come in for questioning and since he didn’t have a car he had to ride in the ambulance. He would have asked to go regardless, he was the reason behind the crash after all and Dean was his friend.
Cas took a few long, shuddering breaths before quickly making his way back down to get another drink.
Cas glanced up from the book in his hands, feeling eyes watching him. Dean was standing in the middle of the field. He started towards the bleachers when they made eye contact. Cas checked the time on his phone; 4:49, perfect timing. He stood meeting Dean at the bottom of the bleachers. Sweat made his hair cling to his forehead and his breath was coming in short huffs but a smile was stretching across his face as he tugged Cas into a kiss.
He wasn’t sure how long he sat there for, but it was long enough for his tailbone to start aching from sitting on the tile.
Someone bumped his back with their elbow and he turned, looking down at the familiar smiling red-head in front of him.
“I can’t keep pretending, holding it back. Now I have to tell you because of this stupid fucking curse,” Dean continued to ramble, “There’s things, people that I-I want to experience differently than I have before, or maybe even for the first time,” he looked up at Cas, eyes making a silent plea.
“Good boy,” Castiel breathed, closing the short distance between them. Dean melted into the kiss, pulling Cas in. “I love you too, Dean. More than you could ever know,” Castiel muttered when they finally pulled apart.
DISCLAIMER: THIS STORY IS NOT LEGALLY OR MEDICALLY ACCURATE! IF IT WERE THEN IT WOULD RUIN THE PLOT! DON'T COME AT ME!
“I,” Dean started, hesitating as he searched for an excuse, “I don’t know,” He finally said. Cas was staring at him, “I don’t.”
Anna waved at them when they approached and motioned to the backseat. Cas let Balthazar in first before climbing in beside him. Gabe turned on the radio and off they went. Cas tugged his seat belt around his waist and shifted positions. Maybe skinny jeans weren’t the best idea.
He met Cas outside the school at the end of the day. Dean smiled and pulled himself off the wall when Cas walked out.
Cas walked over to the end of the counter where the drinks were placed when they were ready. His eyes kept wandering over to the attractive man who was still taking orders, making him blush when they made eye contact.
“I know a place,” Dean chuckled, “No, it’s not the movies. You’ll have to drive. How’s today after school?”
“No,” Dean repeated, wrapping his arms around Cas’s neck. “No,” he begged, “Cas, no. Please. I love you. Don’t leave me.”
Sam retreated to bed after finishing eating. Dean followed shortly after, checking to make sure everything was clean to avoid angering John again.
Sam and Dean stopped at a Diner for breakfast. They sat down at a table and waited for the waitress to come ask them what they wanted. The two looked at eachother, noting the shared exhaustion. Maybe they wouldn’t be as tired if they hadn’t stayed up until 4 in the morning doing research.
“He’s cute. Pretty introverted though, not your usual type,” she noted, taking a sip from the beer in her hand.
“Hey, Ellen,” Dean answered. Ellen pulled him into a bear hug when she reached him, only letting him go when he said he couldn’t breathe. He heard Cas laugh behind him and shot him a dirty look.
“Okay,” Sammy said hesitantly. Dean stared at him, raising his eyebrows, hoping he would get the hint, “Well, I’m gonna get another beer. Either of you want one?”
“I know, but it wasn’t your fault at all. I promise,” Gabe smiled back at him sympathetically, “Let’s just get you home and to sleep.”
The only evidence that last night had actually happened was the blinding headache Cas got when he opened his eyes the next morning. The curtains were open just enough to spill light across Cas’s hungover face. He groaned and pulled one of his blankets over his head.
Cas’s phone buzzed, jolting him from his light sleep. He picked it up, hissing at the glare from the screen. It was a message from Dean: You up?
“Do you want to get out of here?” Dean asked, his lips brushing against the bare part of Cas’s shoulder. The words were spoken so softly that Cas almost didn’t hear him over the song.
“Who’s driving?” Cas asked. He had his car privileges mostly taken away after the incident, with the exception of running errands.
“Don’t beat yourself up, Cas. I’m sure he’d like you if he wasn’t straight. Hell, I would like you if I was gay.” Gabriel stated with complete confidence, making Castiel chuckle.
“Well someone looks happy. What’d you do, get a date?” Gabriel teased when Cas approached them after school. He had interrupted Gabe begging Anna to go to a party with him this weekend.
Cas was rushed out of the room soon after he called the nurse. Nurses fussed over Dean, taking his vitals and forcing him to drink water. The cool liquid felt nice against his dry throat but he didn’t like taking orders. By the time the Doctors and nurses had finished interrogating him, the sun had set outside and Cas had gone home. There was no sign of John or Sammy coming to visit him
“Dean.” Sam said, jerking Dean out of his trance, “Earth to Dean, please respond.” Sam continued sarcastically, getting an annoyed look out of Dean. “What were you thinking about?”
Dean laughed a little, face turning serious when Cas’s fell. “Yes, yes of course I want this. You have no idea how long I’ve wanted this. If you’re not ready-”
“Nope,” Dean grinned, “You’re actually the last one here. I’m glad you came. Come on in.” Cas obeyed, walking into a well-decorated living room. There were a handful of people strewn about the furniture. They all looked up at him when he came in. Dean closed the door and started introductions, “Cas, this is everyone. Everyone, this is Cas.”
Cas stared at the keys. Maybe he should. He probably shouldn’t. Whatever he decides, staring at the keys won’t help. He needed to move. He stood up and walked back to his room to get changed into clothes.
“It’s okay, take your time,” Dean said quietly. Cas closed his eyes, turning his face towards the ceiling again. The bed shifted as Dean got up, shifting again when he came back a few minutes later. “Hey, I brought you some things,” he said, prodding Cas.
Cas pulled his sleeves down to his hands. A few more of his classmates came through the door. Cas kept his eyes stuck to it. His stomach knotted with stress as he waited for the green-eyed boy to walk through. Eventually, he managed to pull his eyes away from it. He checked his phone. It was only 7:31. There was about 14 minutes until class started. Cas felt himself relax a bit. It was short-lived, however. Dean was standing at the door. He held two drinks in his hands. Cas made eye contact with him. Dean smiled. Cas had never wanted the ability to turn invisible more than he did right then. He settled for the next best thing of shrinking down in his chair as Dean walked over. Cas’s head was spinning. He felt a dull pain shoot through it. He raised his hands to his eyes. Pressing gently to relieve some of the pressure.
Cas let himself be pushed back until the mattress hit the back of his knees. He fell back onto it, pulling Dean with him. A moan caught in his throat as Dean pressed down into him. Every inch of his body felt tense and present. Without Dean’s mouth stopping them, gasps and half moans escaped him. He needed more control.
Dean watched Cas walk away, confused. Did he do something wrong? He sighed, following Charlie and the others up. He could ask him about it later. For now, he had to get to class.
Cas contemplated for a minute typing and retyping answers, weary with sleep: Watching Netflix. He lied again.
“Dammit,” he muttered, “dammit, dammit, dammit, DAMMIT!” He sat up, overwhelmed with emotions. Unsure of whether he wanted to laugh, cry, or punch something.
Dean left the dishes for later, instead, digging in the fridge for another beer. He grabbed two, handing one to Cas before popping his open and leaning against the counter. Cas accepted it, leaning across from Dean on the island.
Dean walked up to the Impala’s trunk and threw the black duffle in before getting in. Sam looked up from the book he had his nose in.
It took her a second but she got it. She shot him a look to make sure and Dean widened his smile just a bit to confirm. Charlie winked at him with the eye Cas couldn’t see and looked back at the other boy, saying something Dean couldn’t hear. Cas smiled, glanced up at Dean, nodded, and spun where he stood, heading towards a hallway.
“Nice to meet you, Cas,” he said with a familiar gleam in his eyes, “Have a nice day” he finished with a wink.
“You look hot, I feel naked,” he shot back, setting down his beer to pull on the bottom of the skirt.
Cas was certain that he was dreaming as he stared up at the beautiful man beside him. Moonlight washed over his face, making it glow. He traced the sharp jawline and connected the freckles with his eyes. His eyes flitted up when Dean’s eyes fluttered open and peered down at him, a blush forming on his cheeks, barely visible in the dim light.
Luckily Dean’s dad hadn’t taken the Impala when he’d left town so Dean had something flashy to drive and impress the ladies.
She was blonde, tall, skinny and beautiful, couldn’t have been more than 25. Just Dean’s type. Dean was obviously checking her out and was about to make a move before he saw the scowl on Sam’s face. His smile faded into an uncomfortable smirk.
“Cas,” Dean waved him over. Castiel took the spot next to him with a smile. An array of foods was laid out on the table. Everything from burgers to various kinds of salads. The group passed around the plates, making conversation as they stocked up on food. Dean introduced Cas to the remaining people, “You’ve met Charlie and Sammy. That’s Eileen, she’s dating Sammy and she’s deaf, and that old git is Bobby.” Bobby looked up at that, murmuring something that sounded like “Idjit.”
“Hey Sleeping Beauty.” a voice said. It was accompanied by a small thunk. Cas peeked out from behind his hands. Dean had set the drinks on his desk and was now gesturing to the bottles. “I got you something.” he smiled.
“You got this,” she said, shoving him again, hard enough to make him stumble and almost fall. Almost being that he suddenly found himself clutched between a strong pair of arms. He opened his eyes cautiously, surprised to find a pair of green ones staring back at him.
“No, I pretended I was your dad. Since you weren’t entirely drunk, all you get is some community service for possession of alcohol or something. They wanted to take you in for the night but I managed to convince them otherwise,” Balthazar answered, ushering Cas to get up and come with.
Dean opened his eyes, immediately shutting them again when a bright light shone down on him. His body felt heavy, his limbs refused to move. His lungs felt like they were on the verge of collapse. Somewhere near him, a door opened, letting in a thrum of noise that made him cringe. The door closed, muffling the commotion. Dean felt someone walk up beside him. A soft hand wrapped gently around his own. The person started speaking, their voice low and gravely like they had been crying. Dean recognized it almost immediately. Cas. Dean relished in the voice, barely comprehending the words. A smile pulled gently at the corners of his mouth as he heard Cas say, “I love you.”
“Shit,” he swore, bending down to pick them up. Dean bent down with him, grabbing some. Castiel didn’t realize how close they were until he looked up. Dean was crouched, staring at him. Their faces were less than three inches apart. Neither moved. Dean’s eyes flicked down to Cas’s lips making him lick them instinctually.
Dean thought for a minute, “We could go to the movies,” Dean said, a smirk spreading across his face.
“I think freckles over there would disagree.” He followed her gaze to the adjacent corner of the room where a gorgeous man dressed in a leather jacket and jeans stood staring at him with hungry eyes. “Go talk to him,” Meg said, shoving him.
That day, Cas felt more tired than usual. He’s had a long day. The spring musical had just started rehearsing, they were doing Little Women. As a part of the lighting team and being the stage manager, he had a lot to do and worked harder and later than normal. So when he went in that night to check on Dean and read him the usual story, he wound up falling asleep with his head on the edge of the hospital bed. He was torn from the abyss of a dreamless sleep by loud stomping and yelling. He peaked his eyes open just in time to catch a glimpse of a brown jacket before the person attached to it grabbed his arm tight and dragged him out of his chair viciously. Castiel fought back against his assailant as much as he could in his dazed state, smacking his head hard on the ground in the process. The man was shouting something as he dragged the struggling boy through a puddle of what he hoped to be spilled coffee in the doorway and out into the hall. Most of what he was shouting was incoherent but Cas managed to make out the words “fucking faggot”. The commotion quickly caught the attention of everyone in the immediate vicinity and probably farther. Security guards and nurses quickly took action, racing over and attempting to pull Castiel from the man’s tight grasp. Once free Cas skidded back to the nearest wall, stunned and confused. He looked and identified his attacker to be none other than John Winchester, Dean’s father. Cas, still weak from his recent nap and probable concussion looked at him, perplexed, as he continued to yell slurs and other things towards him. “You stay away from my son! Stay away you fucking fag!” he screamed over and over as security guards dragged him away.
At first, the things he’d done had only been for the King of Hell’s own gain. He’d played the Winchesters like chess pieces, moving the pawns where he needed them, until he could proclaim check and mate once and for all.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When Clark exited the bathroom, a puff of steam followed him, and Jack almost forgot how to breathe.
There was an abundance of love in the air. Dean could feel it surrounding him as he started the first steps in a dance. Castiel fumbled ever so slightly, but Dean found it be endearing. For once, Dean forgot about everything going on. Chuck was the least of his thoughts. Finding a way to stop the world, that was old hat.
“I-.” Lucifer started to say, but then the pair heard yelling from down the way in the Big House. Lucifer and Balthazar gave a look to one another and took off running in the direction of the scuffle.
“Shit Dean,” Sam threw his hands up in the air. “I banged a demon for years! I experimented in college like the rest of ‘em do. If you’re questioning it, you gotta figure that shit out somehow!”
“We’ll figure it out,” Sam nodded and then motioned to Dean as he stepped past Castiel into the entrance of the bunker. “He knows, by the way.”
Eve smirked, staring deep into the swirling cloud she had conjured. Daniel’s face was front and center. She could practically smell the disappointment in the air. The deep desire for approval. The longing for the chance to prove himself.
“You don’t have to be afraid of Dean,” Sam commented, and the words struck Castiel hard. “He cares about you. I dare to say he loves you.”
He'd thought he'd found it with Jessica, who he would still consider to be the great love of his life, and that had managed to be foiled too. There were years in between of "what ifs" and "almosts", but now the world was ending. For real this time.
“You know,” Dean stammered a bit and Castiel turned his head to face the hunter. “There’s food inside. Good food. I made it. I uh…was hoping you’d stay for dinner.”
Titan felt the sadness coming from Dean in waves. The hound ran a hand through his messy blonde human hair that he'd recently had a human barber cut into a sort of messy crew cut and sighed.
“What the hell man?!” Dean yells so loudly he swears the walls shake. Yet, Castiel doesn’t flinch. The angel keeps his stance, blueish tendrils jigging around him almost as though they’re playfully chasing one another. The shadow of wings on the wall shudders when he moves ever so slightly closer to the former hunter.
His grace tugged at his chest, sensing that Dean was in danger of some kind, and Castiel fought to keep his mother hen instincts at bay.
"Puppy!" Future Dean's daughter ran over to the hound and hugged it around the neck. The hound drooled then nuzzled the little girl on the side of her face. Future Dean gave Gabriel an 'I'm so gonna kill you later' look.
Kevin was holding back tears, fighting his own confusion, and hurt, as Ron turned to leave the room. His hand was on the door handle, but it was taking everything he had to make the circular knob turn.
“Agent Rolland,” Aiden motioned Dean over and Dean swallowed a hard lump in his throat before throwing up a hand to wave and shuffling over to the duo.
It was late. The duo found themselves in the wee hours of the night and Dean had barely slept. At least, not in the way that Castiel wanted for the man. The hunter’s fever had returned with a vengeance and it took all Castiel had not to drain himself of grace to cure him. Dean shivered forcibly, letting out tiny noises of discomfort as he did. He couldn’t get warm, no matter how many blankets were piled on top of him
For tonight though, Dean was content in finally allowing himself to feel something other than fear. He didn’t even look both ways before pulling Castiel a bit closer to him.
“Dean?!” Sam exclaimed worriedly and the younger Winchester’s eyes widened at the sight of a suddenly very pale Dean shaking ever so slightly and swallowing hard as he tried to walk forward.
The stars were out now. Castiel knew, somewhere there was another couple out there. In fact, he was sure there were many, sharing moments of intimacy and vulnerability between one another. Some loves were destined, others simply just happened.
John Winchester had his finger in sixteen-year-old Dean’s face, wagging it, and yelling so loudly spittle flew through the air and Dean flinched at the sight of it landing on his younger self’s cheek. He tried to say something to his younger self. Tell him not to wipe it away. That John would grab his wrist and wrench it downward so hard that Dean would feel it for weeks.
“Cas is back?” Dean asked, feeling the strong desire to get up from his seat, march down the hall, and ask if he’d been “angel-whammied” somehow or worse and if Castiel could fix it.
“It’s unfair to you too you know,” Cathalsis said. “This unrequited feeling. It will eat you up inside until it destroys you if it hasn’t already.”
Castiel’s back muscles tensed. Even the sound of Dean’s voice on another’s lips was enough to make his body start to ache. No, he couldn’t tell Dean. Sam was safer. He wouldn’t say anything.
The two angels stood over a dog. The same dog from the vision Dean had seen of himself in Hell. The dog Balthazar had called out to, to save the two angels from demons. The dog wasn’t moving, but its yellow eyes were wide open, and staring blankly ahead. It breathed softly, shallowly, and something was wrong. Dean could tell something wasn’t right.
The creature let out a strange growl and Dean braced himself for impact, willing his imagine knife would save him if needed.
“Wow,” a familiar voice that Daniel had heard once before cut through the loud air. “Tough break, kid.”
Dean abruptly spun around, so fast he swore time stood still, despite the sheer impossibility of such a thing. A sharp smell of gunpowder and leather filled the air. A familiar pair of lips flapped inside a nest of hardly shaven scruff. A young, short haired man, hunched in on himself, hands in his pockets, near a guardrail. The Impala was in front of him, idling on the side of the highway.
"I'll be sure to tell multimillionaire artist Phil Collins that you think his music is for babies," Sam replied snarky and parked the car once they had arrived.
Clark’s eyes shot open the moment his brain replayed his mother’s untimely death and he felt as though all the sweat on his body was sticking to him. He was still in the medical bay of the weird looking place he’d stumbled upon. The bed was still comfortable. He was still warm and safe, despite still feeling and being sick from his wound.
"Mr. Winchester," the teacher leaned in closer to him. "I hardly think the picture is an appropriate thing to display to the other children."
“We’re going to follow the eastern path,” another demon explained. “We’re picking up a lot of extra energy that way.”
“Of course,” Ron nodded, feeling extra guilty at the sight of his loving boyfriend staring into his eyes. He pulled the Prophet in for a hug and kissed him gently, placing his forehead on Kevin’s and closing his eyes.
Then, he’d seen their candor. The way they’d moved through each recent challenge as if they owned fire and brimstone and everything in between. Heaven had been fixed and Hell had been locked up tight. Michael had killed Dean, though the elder Winchester had sacrificed himself in the end to save everyone, and the powers that be had brought him back just in time to witness the birth of his child.
“Look Cas,” Dean sighed. “I saw some things when that Baku or whatever was in my head. Some things that I don’t believe belong to me.”
“So, your brother hasn’t been home in a week?” Sam asked the witness, scribbling down everything she had already said in his notepad.
After hearing the footsteps, Dean also took the time to look around and try to figure out where he was. The walls of the room were black, the floors were made of white marble, and there were white Doric columns every few feet holding up an invisible endless ceiling.
It was comical to watch, either way. Daniel smirked and nodded at her after the boy bagged up her purchase and rubbed at the back of his neck upon saying goodbye to her.
The evening had turned into a blur by the time the group left. Jody and Castiel offering to DD the moment they realized the other hunters of the group had indulged a little too much. Claire climbed into the passenger side of Jody's truck, lazily waving, and smiling like a child. Dean caught a hint of sadness deep down. Claire had needed that night. Kaia still haunted her; he could see it deep down.
He hadn’t thought about Clark Barker in years. The boy who had been taken pity on Jack when he’d been detained at the North Cove Police Station when Jack had first come into the world. Clark’s mother had also taken pity on Jack and provided him with his first pieces of clothing (clothing he still owned and that was tucked away carefully in his dresser) and tried to help him after he'd stated he was trying to find his father.
“I can smell his claim on you,” the demon gave a deep inhale. “Oh, that little innocent winged freak, a piece of his grace still inside of you after so many years. It’s not often an angel picks a human for that special time of the month, ya know. You should feel honored.”
Claire had entered the kitchen, smiling at Castiel, and giving him a giant hug as she made her way to the coffee pot.
Dean panted heavily and breathed out a loud, large sigh once he got control of himself again. The thoughts were gone. The impulse was too. He was lucky no cop had seen him toss the tissue or he’d probably have gotten a ticket on top of whatever had just happened.
The thing was Ron hadn’t killed a single soul in such a way in the entire time he’d spent with his blood related family.
"That's the understatement of the century," Cathalsis replied. "Where's Father, now right? Now that everything he claimed he loved is crumbling."
He supposed it was absurd, walking all the way back to the bunker when he had the capability to fly, but he had felt an extreme impulse to be alone. To be away. The way he had grabbed Sam’s wrist was most likely to leave a bruise. The angel felt horrible, but the deep primal instinct had simple taken over and he hadn’t been able to stop it.
“Those assholes are really pushing their luck,” Dean remarked as he grabbed his favorite gun, loaded with silver bullets, and handed Sam a long machete and a gun as well.
“Why?” Meg asked, cocking her head ever so slightly and grunting at the feeling of one of their children kicking against her vessel’s ribs.
After a greasy diner lunch, Team Free Will went back to Jody’s house, and were greeted by hugs and excited chatter from the kids about their activities of the day. Alex had agreed to take them to the park at some point, with the Winchester’s permission. Adam agreed to come along, wanting a break from what he’d witnessed earlier, and the quartet made their way out the door after wrestling shoes onto the kids, who bounced up and down as they made their way to Adam’s borrowed car.
"You just look like somebody I know," Dean replied, sort of sheepishly. "And somebody I used to know."
"Yours." the voice said again, Dean turned his head towards the source. A simple looking girl who looked about twenty, she had brown hair and blue eyes. Her skin was pale like alabaster stone and her eyes shone like the sun despite their color. She wore simple clothes too, a jacket and jeans. She wore no shoes though. Her toenails weren't even painted. She smiled at Dean and sat down on the swing next to him, the one the child had abandoned. "He's yours Dean. I don't think I need to tell you much more, if you've seen the eyes you'll surely figure out the rest."
He was back to the flashes of Castiel, coming from God knows where, considering Dean knew nothing of these memories. In fact, they weren’t even his.
"My apologies," Castiel bowed his head. "I just assumed you'd want some care due to your healing ailment. I'll leave you alone."
Adam swallowed a hard lump in his throat. This was his dream school. The one that would take him from nurse to surgeon and beyond. The one that would allow him to not only fulfill a lifelong dream but make way for a better future for his family.
"I'm sure you've had plenty of scares yourself from the women you've laid over the years." Sam replied in monotony.
“I would lose the eyeliner,” Sam replied. “And the earrings. Just make yourself look less…emo punk rock than usual.”
Dean felt something move under his boot and he looked down to what he'd just stepped on. A piece of the karaoke wall lay strewn on the asphalt below. A few names were cut off around the edges. Names of various drunken citizens who probably wouldn't even remember the place.
Gabriel clutched his archangel blade in his left hand, supporting his weight with his right on the carpeted floor of the motel room. A large gash ran through his left side and he winced upon moving, holding it, and dropping himself further to the ground just as Sam ran to help him.
Right in that moment, though, Jack just felt tired to the bone. His legs about gave out from underneath him the moment he reached his bed. He laid back against the pillow and closed his eyes, taking a long slow breath. The room spun.
“You are suffering from the same affliction, brother,” Castiel said. “The Nephilim as well, only not as strongly. After all, he is half human.”
“Doesn’t mean you can’t practice,” Eve replied, getting up from her seat at the dining table in the motel room and striding over to the bed, where she plopped down and grabbed the TV remote from the side table.
“You’re probably right,” Sarah sighed. “But hey, once all this crap is officially over, we can finally live our lives, right?”
“Damn right He will,” Dean pulled Castiel close, ran his fingers through the angel’s hair, and the hunter’s hand came to rest and cup the angel’s cheek.
“They’re your family Daniel,” Sarah replied, coming closer and then sitting cross legged on the end of his bed, facing him.
The room was soundproof. Nobody heard the sound of Dean singing along to the Crosby, Stills, and Nash song over and over again. His voice cracked towards the last beer. His brain was slightly foggy once he broke into the whiskey.
“You see,” Austin explained. “You played house with those humans for so long, it’s begun to impair your judgment.”
“Don’t count the rest of the family out of that equation,” Dean said. “I’m doing this for them too, and for you, Cas. Especially, for you. I can’t-.”
As the years passed, the angel became closer to humans and thus developed more emotions. He'd fallen and become fully human. He'd struggled silently with adjusting and Dean had helped all he could, keeping his own feelings under wraps as it hadn't seemed appropriate.
Clark felt nauseous, but he ate anyway. Giving in to Jack’s extremely caring nature was hard after months of being on his own, but Clark felt calm in his presence. There was something about the strange boy that felt like home.
"Say no more," Garth waved him off. "It would probably be best if one of us tracked his vitals anyway after he takes what I'm going to give him. Some humans have had less than stellar reactions to it."
“Well,” Sam suggested. “You know, when Cas pulled you out of Hell, he did always claim that the handprint left a mark on your soul. Or something like that.”
A flap of wings was heard and both brothers turned their heads with a smile, although Dean’s was significantly bigger than Sam’s.
Crowley sat in one of the rocking chairs holding a bottle of whiskey and shaking it back and forth teasingly. Bobby smirked and approached slowly, taking a seat beside the former demon. Pete and Willy laid down at their feet, laying their heads to the ground, but keeping a watchful eye on the car yard.
Dean's arms hurt from the number of times he'd taken aim at a ghost and made it vanish. He'd sent the code word to both Jody and Sam in a pre-typed text. Sam was on his way with the spell to make them all vanish for good. The sooner the better, Dean was starting to grow weary.
Sam gave Jody a look, warning her not to call his bluff. She looked over at the younger Winchester, expecting an explanation, but silently going along with it.
Ron kicked off his sleek black Doc Martens and threw his maroon beanie on the chair nearby. He shed his jacket and most of his clothes before climbing into bed next to Kevin and wrapping the blankets around them as he settled in. Kevin groaned and rolled over, cuddling closer to the Hellboy.
Then Sam entered the room, taking in the scene of both Dean and Castiel covered in puke, and he dropped the Gatorade and medicine bottles onto the side table before taking Dean’s arm in his hand.
Dean stood up from the bed abruptly and started pacing. His chest was on fire now, feeling as though something was vibrating deep down inside of him. It felt as though a deep feeling of loneliness and longing crawled out of his gut and up his throat. As though the feeling had a sentient body.
Sam clutched his bruised shoulder, his hand covered in vampire blood from where it had run down the machete, he'd used to behead them. He'd been thrown into a dumpster in the back alleyway he was currently walking down. The abandoned farm the vampires called home was ablaze in the distance and Sam had burned the machete along with it. After all, what was one more lost piece of equipment? The brothers had about five more in the Impala.
That was how Clark had found himself in the forest behind the bunker. The graying sky above him casting shadows with its clouds upon the leaf ridden ground. Clark ran his fingers over a green, soft patch of moss and tried to calm his nerves.
I do plan on publishing a few more fics here soon. Including my own ending to Supernatural before the actual ending comes out. That will probably be up sometime next week, but perhaps before then. We shall see.
Dean swallowed hard. His dream. The hawk. Castiel. What if he didn't come back? An even worse scenario crossed through Dean's mind.
"Alright then," Future Dean reached over to the CD player boom box. "One song about horses coming up stat."
"Dean on the contrary," Castiel replied. "I'd say you've lived almost half of your life by now. It's not what most people would call unfulfilled. You've helped people; you've saved so many with so little thanks."
Dean paused a moment, continuing to watch over Garth and Gertie in the yard as the family members and friends who were going on the run slowly gathered and clapped Garth on the back. He watched as they all gathered their hands close to their chests and pulled off their silver bullet necklaces, placing them on the ground near a tree.
by Rush bled through the speakers, but Dean turned the knob on the radio down just before the first verse came. He cleared his throat a few times, before quietly sighing, and resorting back to the radio once more.
When Dean finally saw the source of his brother’s anxiety, he slammed the brakes so hard they squealed, and the brothers exited the vehicle faster than a lightning strike. Dean stood, hypnotized by what looked like shooting stars, but it was daytime.
A crayon was in Sarah’s fist and she was currently showing Daniel her drawing with enthusiasm and glee. Dean’s young son smiled back at her, showing just as much pride in her work as she did.
Sam reluctantly walked out the bedroom door, leaving Castiel alone with Dean, and the angel slowly came closer to the hunter until he reached the edge of the bed and sat down. He listened carefully to Dean’s breathing and found a slight wheeze was coming from the hunter’s lungs. Castiel knew so little in technical terms of human illness, but he could tell Dean was in pain.
Future Dean went over to his son and his son smiled big. He replied with a 'good' and invited Future Dean to play with him. Dean watched as Future Dean sat down and started to play make believe with his son.
Eventually, they made it into Garth's town and Dean could feel his limbs aching and growing hot once more. Afternoon was upon them, and illnesses, even those of supernatural origin, only got worse at night.
Dean relaxes a little when he finds out his daughter is fine. Two new family members are added to the Winchester household.
It had taken Kevin an hour and some change to reach two towns from Lebanon. Ron still hadn’t figured out how he’d done it. Some kind of tracking spell, no doubt. Ron hadn’t even told him a city name. Either way, the Prophet had hauled ass, and upon arrival, had dragged Ron from the telephone booth where he’d passed out and when the Hellboy had awoken, he’d found himself in their bed.
Castiel watched as the others, slowly having come into consciousness, slowly flickered, and changed. Angels and demons, all becoming what they were created to be. The animalistic, powerful beings who had come into creation millions of years ago. They now stood all around Castiel, causing surges of power. Causing echoes throughout the darkness. The yelling grew louder. The growling grew deeper. Still, angels and demons continued to rise from the depths and take form in the empty air.
The thought of another battle potentially looming made Dean’s throat constrict and his stomach lurch.
“I was hoping after the Apocalypse we’d have a bit of a break from being center stage.” Sam commented.
“What did I tell you about shutting up!” Dean exclaimed and pushed the radio power button and a song cut in loudly.
Dean went back to kissing the angel, grinding their bodies together as he did so, and eliciting small moans from Castiel. Dean fumbled with the drawer on the side table, pulling a few items out from inside it, and setting them down on the bed beside the two of them.
“You have to tell me,” Sam begun to geek out for a moment. “What did it do to you? I mean, Bobby’s entry is next to nothing, I’d really like to add to it if I can.”
"You forget that I am connected to you via the mark I left," Castiel motioned towards Dean's arm where what was left of the handprint was simply bits of a white scar. "I can tell everything that is happening to you at any given time."
"I must be pretty damn good looking either way," the man replied. "Your eyes haven't left me since the moment I sat down."
It hurt like all hell to move, but if he could at least make it to the nearby town, he’d have a chance of getting help before something terribly bad happened.
“You get off on all this.” Dean concluded, as the same creature from before materialized once again, on his right side.
Daniel waited for fear to cross over him, as it already the other human citizens around him and Sarah, but he hadn’t counted on contentment reigning supreme instead.
Dean stood in the blackness once again, hearing the distant sounds of slurping and crunching in the dark distance.
Well, this chapter was a journey to write, but as the monster in this fic says, “enjoy the journey”. Christmas season has me drained and feeling crazy, that’s part of the reason this took so long. I also have one hell of a headache tonight. Just figured I would get this out before Christmas. Hope everyone has a good holiday and I’ll see you again real soon!
"Blow your nose." Future Dean said and she did, blowing her nose and wadding up the tissues. "And smile why don't ya? Sad people don't get to enjoy their ice cream as much."
“In all my centuries upon centuries of storytelling and creating worlds,” Chuck glared, pacing back and forth before the angel. “I never had any problems. Everything always went off without a hitch. Every character played their parts with flawless precision and ended their storylines right where they were meant to end.”
"How are you feeling Dean?" Castiel asked, cocking his head ever so slightly and Dean felt a tingle travel through his left arm. He couldn't lie. Castiel was using whatever angel mojo he had left to double check on Dean's condition.
The Seraph carefully and quietly latched the door behind him and looked around. Very few angels had made their way into God’s private writing room over the millennia, and under normal circumstances Castiel would have been honored and humbled to stand in this very room.
Meg rolled over in bed and sighed, trying her best to get comfortable, despite her now pregnant swollen stomach and tried to fight the rolling waves of nausea that overcame her every now and then.
Sam immediately moved from where he stood, assisting Jack in standing back upright entirely. Dean watched the two of them, specifically Jack. The Nephilim’s skin looked flushed, but not by fever. The longer he stared at Clark, the larger his pupils grew. He shifted as though uncomfortable enough to leave, but still longing to be in the room.
"If I had shown you only the good and not the bad," Holly went into a long dissertation. "I'd have been lying to you. My death would've hit you like a sideswipe with no warning. Most people don't get the luxury of knowing when loved ones are going to die. You and Sam are special cases; you've received warnings about a lot of deaths all of your lives. If I hadn't showed you my death you'd have done something stupid to try and bring me back. I showed you to prove to you that I will accept death should it come to me. I've accepted my own even before it happens. I showed you so that you can let go."
Bane sighed and the hounds immediately all felt an overwhelming sense of concern. It was rare that their Leader showed much fear.
“Me too, Cas!” Dean groaned and, upon seeing Castiel reach his release, his hips snapped as he emptied himself into the condom inside the angel. The hunter tucked his face into the angel’s neck, working his teeth and mouth over the already existing hickey to create a bigger one on top of it, hiding it, so he’d never have to look at it again without thinking only of himself.
Balthazar was right. The Winchesters had been busy parenting, taking hunts here and there, and trying to keep their eyes on whatever was out there causing monsters to rise and come out of the woodwork at a rapidly increasing rate. It was hard maintaining some sense of normalcy throughout the whole ordeal.
Balthazar sighed as he stared down at the map before him. The blinking lights had gone completely blank. Nothing was lighting up. Everything had been quiet for the past few days.
"I would ask Dean about that one." Sam shrugged and limped over to the door. "I'll be back in a little bit. I'm going get some things from the store. Dean's gonna need them."
Crowley passed a beer to Kevin and to Ron and the two young men popped the caps like old professionals and took a few sips. Adam and Ezra stood nearby, cradling their own beers, and waiting on the Prophet to finish his story.
Legacy? That was a lot to live up to, Dean thought. His legacy was certainly nothing to be proud of; if anything he hoped she took after Castiel and took most of his grace.
“Since when do demons pee?” Titan asked, cocking his head ever so slightly like he would in his hound form.
Future Dean smiled and nodded, bidding goodbye to the other guy and getting into his iconic Impala and driving away. Holly touched Dean's shoulder and flew them back to the house where Future Dean was handing his daughter the bag of stuff. Her face lit up almost immediately at the chocolate. His teenage daughter was beautiful, Dean had to admit. She was beginning to look more and more like a young lady with each new event.
“No,” the victim’s sister sighed and crossed her arms tighter. “No note, no phone calls. We put out a missing person’s report with the police department. No hits.”
The hunter felt heat in his cheeks and pressure straining against his jeans. Dean let out a tiny whine as Castiel pulled him down on top of him, the pressure being slightly relieved when their lower halves rubbed together through worn denim and dress pants.
“He must never know,” Castiel sighed, clenching his fists at his sides as more anxiety and anguish overtook him the more, he thought about the elder Winchester. “It would ruin everything.”
"Yeah," Dean replied. It was the first time the brothers had spoken more than a sentence to one another in weeks. "Djinns. For some reason, a whole pack of them decided to take residence here. Makes sense, it's adjacent to some bigger towns, but not too big. Endless victims without calling attention to themselves…until they did."
In all senses of the word, Sarah was magnificent, and Daniel felt his gut jump at how ordinary he felt in her presence. He’d seen his reflection in the mirror before he’d left the bathroom after cleaning up the remnants of fever sweat. Ink dark black-brown hair like his Papa’s. A mess of tiny freckles across his cheeks, like his dad. His eyes, still their two colors, but bolder now.
He looked over at Castiel who was tending to Daniel's crooked buttons on his flannel and Daniel rolled his eyes. Titan barked at them.
"It seems like yesterday you were just a child," it looked as though Titan smirked. "I remember it. It makes me feel old; even today you are still a child in my eyes. I was told long ago that you were my charge. I was to watch over you and protect you, but that doesn't mean I can't be a fountain of wisdom as well."
"The future and past can have hiccups," Holly said. "You weren't supposed to know this yet, but you have a daughter as well as a son. You have her first though. I suppose you'll want to know how all of this happens after your little tube feeding session in the hospital in real life is over with?"
“He’s this way.” Castiel opened his eyes again and motioned for everyone to follow him. The trees went by quickly as the group crunched through the leaves and tried their best to see in the rapidly setting sun.
“I am okay for right now.” Jack nodded, trying his best to convince the brothers he felt a bit better.
“Haven’t you had enough?!” Dean snarled and tried to grab at the thing before it sidestepped and turned to face the now fading scene before them.
When Dean finally felt the Impala’s tires glide into place on the bunker’s garage floor, the hunter let out a shaky breath, and squeezed his eyes shut.
A piece of the air flickered, near the center, but not quite there. A surge of power, cracking the foundation.
Dean whined in his sleep, clearly in severe pain, but fighting being awake. Castiel came over to his side, studying him, and debating whether or not to invade his mind too.
He stood up, careful to keep his balance as he strode over to the chair and grabbed his now dry pants. He pulled one of Sam's smallest flannels out of the dresser drawer and got dressed. The clock on the side table read eight am.
It was as though there were marching ants in his legs, tickling his skin from the inside and not stopping for anything, and certainly not allowing him to take a break mentally either.
“When Father made us,” Castiel explained. “The angels, He made us in the image of animals and of man. Of every living creature there was to walk the Earth. Certain…traits were made similar.”
Oliver approached Jessica from behind, placing everything down on the counter before engulfing her in a hug and kissing her neck. He burrowed his face into her hair, taking in her scent, and closing his eyes.
"You know it." Dean smiled enthusiastically and turned when he felt a presence from the hallway. Claire leaned against the door frame and smirked at him.
“I wouldn’t have it any other way.” Dean nodded and gave Castiel his food. The pair dug in, immediately lost for words upon tasting the grilled patties. Castiel rolled his eyes in bliss and reached for the ketchup.
Chuck motioned to the image and two humans appeared, one wearing rags and the other wearing what would be close to riches in olden times. The pair were fighting, the raggedy man holding his hand up to guard his face as the other richer looking man held a weapon above his head to strike.
Daniel was fast asleep, sprawled out across his bed, with one foot and leg hanging over the side of his bed out from under the covers. His dark brown hair, matching Castiel’s, was a mess. It was late in the night, and his son barely flinched, even when Castiel took a seat on the side of the bed and ruffled his hair. Daniel grunted and rolled over, slightly kicking Castiel in the process, but the angel didn’t mind. He smiled the brightest he had in days and placed a delicate kiss on Daniel’s forehead before exiting the room.
The same Kevin Tran, who when he felt this amount of cosmic energy being released, would send the Winchesters to the source, as he had with every kill prior to this one. Ron and company had always made themselves scarce and made it so that they couldn’t be traced, but it still felt wrong. Like a game of cat and mouse gone wrong.
“Only that he’s not my father,” Ron said, serious and stone faced. “Not in the ways that count. And that you’d best pray to every God in Heaven, on Earth, and on all planes if you intend to beat all three of them.”
At the end of the hallway, Titan growled, and leapt at them in his hound form, diligently fighting back despite the blows he was taking.
“I’ll grab some burgers from the deep freeze,” Sam mentioned and placed a kiss on Gabriel’s cheek before starting to walk off. The other angels were led inside by Gabriel, who began to chat incessantly about his daughter and her latest accomplishments. Ezra paused for a moment, looking off into the distance at Adam, chuckling at the kid’s antics, and Dean and Castiel pretended not to notice how long he stared.
Sam grunted in reply, he was still getting used to having the archangel around and healing him none the less.
He watched as Jack reached his hand up towards his throat, holding it before his chin, and a white-orange light came out from it. Jack closed his eyes and concentrated, feeling a tiny bit of his grace break free and slam through the power into Clark. Clark felt it too, strong, and warm, and he blinked hard a few times before fully opening his eyes again.
“Half of its for the guests,” Dean replied with a chuckle and his hands in his pockets. “At least the open bar usually is so the relatives don’t kill one another.”
Another long ass chapter. I am just on a roll. More things will come to light soon and I am excited for all that to happen!
Castiel watched from the hallway, unknown to the brothers, and sighed upon hearing Dean speak. The angel turned away from the edge of the doorway and stormed off down the hall before he could be found out.
Tojo snarled at the thought of one of their own copulating with a demon, even though it was well known who Titan had taken as his mate for life. Chaya folded her ears and tried her best not to get in the middle of the whole thing. A low growl escaped Titan’s throat and his hackles immediately begun to rise.
He was on the phone with Eileen, waiting in the Impala for Dean and Drew to come back from inside the convenience store. Monster stakeouts required caffeine and snacks, at least according to both Dean and Drew. LeSalle survived on extraordinarily little sleep to begin with and Sam, well, he was too nervous to consume anything.
Clark contemplated going back, but he remained on the ground floor of the woods, feeling tears of both apprehension and happiness fill his eyes the longer he thought about what had transpired.
“I’ve been better,” Dean commented, his voice still on the mend, but his throat was no longer in pain. “But I think I’m healed.”
Various parents mingled with Sam, Gabriel, Future Dean, and Castiel. Some with each other. There was laughter, food, drinks, and general merriment. Dean sat too, for what he perceived to be a few hours. Suddenly though, Future Dean who had been grilling burgers and hot dogs called everyone to order and all of the children ran over towards the table filled with presents. His daughter sat patiently as the presents were dispersed to her and she ripped each one open with gusto. One was a friendship bracelet kit, one was a couple of board games, the others were from friends parents they were books and toys of various kinds. Sam and Future Dean had spent the entire morning apparently building a swing set and subsequently cussing each other out as they'd done so. Cake was eaten and friends were eventually bid farewell until school the next week.
“You’re going to have to find out one day,” Michael joked, rubbing Adam’s shoulders as the pair stared at the white envelope.
Sam pointed towards the same stretch of woods Dean had been rescued and Dean nodded before shoving his crushed water bottle into Sam's hand and taking off running.
“Just a few more minutes, okay?” Sam reassured him and Dean cried out a few more times before going silent, tears pricking in the corners of his eyes, and he slumped over into what little of Sam’s flannel covered body leaned over the tub.
Aiden’s smirk was burned into the back of his retinas along with the sight of a clearly sexed up Castiel walking through the motel room door and having the balls to acknowledge it barely even.
Sam grabbed Gabriel around the middle and swept him around off his feet, dipping him as they danced, and taking in every moment of Gabriel’s melodic laughter.
Dean took in what he had just witnessed: an archangel clearly harboring potentially unrequited feelings for his brother and ascended the stairs as well to the source of the light coming from one of the bedrooms. There were two mahogany dressers in it and two side tables. The two side tables each were different. One had books piled up on history and some were fiction. The other had an old unfilled flask on it along with a watch, a cell phone, and some jewelry consisting of necklaces and rings. They had matching lamps and two different alarm clocks. Future Dean and Castiel lay in the bed, covers over them and laying facing towards each other.
Holly didn't say a thing. She simply pointed across the street at a car stopped at the end of the road. A red pickup truck. The driver was clearly female based on the outline Dean could make out in the car, but she was distorted and hidden for some reason. She was on the phone. For some reason Dean found that he could hear the conversation.
“No idiot,” Sam rolled his eyes. “I’m saying that maybe there’s a possibility that some of his grace or something was left behind when he rescued you from Hell.”
"So," she smirked. "I give you one little hint about where I'm going to be next and you take off running in that direction, also stealing my hunt in the process."
"Dean!" Garth cried out, patting him on the shoulder and Dean gave a look of pain. "Oh, shit sorry! I forgot about why you're here. You holding up okay?"
started through the speakers. Once Eileen climbed in his lap and the windows had begun to fog though, he barely heard the somber melody, and the neon lights cradled them in an electric embrace as they became one with one another for the first time in longer than either had wanted to wait.
Dean moaned when he felt Castiel’s hand wrap around his now exposed length. The angel’s grip was somewhere in between tight and sensual, the perfect rhythm, and Dean could feel his eyes rolling back into his head the more Castiel worked him.
He’d remembered the moment after the fire had gone out. The nuns’ bones had been reduced to ash and Dean had sat behind the wheel of the Impala for a moment to catch his breath, but he’d never caught it.
"You're telling me dad wouldn't say something if he walked in on either one of us kissing another dude?" Dean suggested, staring hard into Sam's eyes.
Dean was transported to the house that he'd bought for him, Castiel, his brother and Gabriel. The downstairs light was on the living room and one was on upstairs. Dean and Holly entered through the front door and Dean looked over in the living room to see Sam, asleep on a ratty but comfortable looking couch. His hair was covering his closed eyes and once again in his hand that was falling off of the couch he held a book. Gabriel observed him and came closer, taking the book from him and placing it on the coffee table. Sam stirred and woke up.
“Whatever it is,” Titan replied. “We’ll figure it out, the way we always have. If I’ve learned anything in the time, I have known you and Sam, it’s that this family is capable of so much good it outweighs whatever bad is out there.”
A/N: I'm sorry this is late. Watching a puppy is hard work. Mental health is hard work. I will continue this! I swear. See you next chapter!
"Is there anything you two wish to discuss with me," the teacher said, a grim tone in her voice as though she really didn't want to talk to Future Dean and Castiel who were seated side by side in front of the teacher's desk. The teacher herself was an older gray haired heavier set woman with blazing red lipstick and perfect makeup. She wore red glasses to match her lips. "Regarding your son Daniel?"
Sam stared hard at the back of Dean's head, considering his words, and slowly following once again. Dean's and the vampire's words echoed through his head as he ran.
The same kind of beautiful laugh Jamie Bower had let out in life. The same kind of smile Castiel had showed ever so rarely at first, but in later years, more often.
Ron opened his eyes upon hearing a gasp and seeing Austin’s blade shoved through Terry’s gut. Terry choked a few times, coughing on blood that was now rising up into his mouth, and Austin looked shocked as ever, barely able to move to remove the blade.
And they felt it long after Jack turned away and walked off into nothingness, leaving them by the backside of their ’67 Impala.
“We’re not any closer to an official answer,” Dean sighed. “But we’re gonna keep trying. That’s what we do.”
After cleaning up their mess at the boatyard, and showering, Dean, LeSalle, Sam, and Drew found themselves out front. The night was steamy. Fireflies flitted around in the tree line. The two ancient cars, an Impala, and a sleek blue Fastback, rested calmly in the driveway. Drew and Sam stood in the yard, Drew teaching him how to play corn-hole.
“I believe that I may know what the issue is.” Castiel licked his lips and sighed, before putting his hands back in his pockets.
“Yeah. Jesus, Cas,” Charlie sighed, “One of us has to go after him before he does something stupid.”
Cas had always liked showers, alone or with someone. Showering alone was good, but showering with somebody else was amazing. Once you get past the awkwardness and the tight squeeze, that is. Showering with someone is intimate and useful. They can help you reach those places you never quite seem to be able to alone. Like that small spot on your back that you miss because your arms don’t quite bend that way.
Cas hummed and sat up. His head felt clouded and tired but in the best way. Dean held out a pair of boxer shorts, a towel, and a pair of sweatpants. Cas tilted his head at him in a silent question. “I keep a lot of spares. The boxers are new I swear. The sweatpants aren’t but they looked like they’d fit you. The bathroom is over there if you want it,” Dean answered.
I hope you like the story! This is the first time I've actually finished something and I'm really proud of myself. I know it's far from perfect and doesn't include nearly enough dialogue but I'm only 17 and I'm still learning. If you like this story and would like to see more of my work please consider liking, commenting, and sharing it with a friend. I also have a Tumblr, if you'd like to follow it's buzzbuzzb1tch or https://www.tumblr.com/blog/buzzbuzzb1tch if you want the link.
Dean smiled, grateful for the help and the opportunity to get to know Cas better. He grabbed some of the half-full dishes, leading Cas inside. ”Recycling goes in there,” he said, pointing towards a large paper bag in the corner. Cas nodded, walking over and dropping the beer bottles into the bag before walking out the door for another load. Dean busied himself with boxing up the food. His eyes traced Cas as he walked in and out of the house. They managed to clean everything up in about 15 minutes.
Once he recovered from the shock, Dean melted into the kiss. His hands made their way between them to cradle Cas’s jaw, a thumb trailing a line across his cheekbone. The elevator dinged again, making the pair break apart.
Cas felt like his head was about to implode. Bile rose in his throat and he forced it down. His eyes were still fixated on Dean’s unmoving body.
“Oh shit, I’m out of...whatever the hell this was,” Charlie said, obviously lying, “Be right back!” Dean shot her a frosty glare but she just winked and walked off, closing the door behind her.
Dean searched for his voice, wanting to say it back, needing Cas to know he was listening. A pair of lips pressed against his. Cas’s lips were chapped but soft. Everything inside Dean lit up with joy. It was perfect. Dean opened his eyes when Cas pulled away.
“Give me a minute,” Cas groaned. His legs felt weak. It had been more than a while since he’d done anything like this.
“I am,” Castiel interrupted. A newfound energy tapping into him. He looked at Dean, gaze hard enough to make him squirm.
Cas leaned his head back against the wall and let himself breathe. The cool air felt nice against his hot face. His arms were wrapped around his legs. His phone sat unlocked next to him on the bathroom floor. Dean was still texting him. Cas screwed his eyes shut, ignoring the messages as long as he could. His head felt fuzzy and heavy. His face was still wet with snot and tears.
Castiel visited Dean every chance he could, which was basically after school and whenever he could get the car or when the busses aligned with his schedule. He wound up taking care of Dean more than his father did, changing the water to the gradually dying flowers, shaving his face, checking in with the nurses to see how he was doing, and, his personal favorite thing to do, sitting in one of the nearby chairs or on the edge of the bed and just reading to Dean. Whenever he read aloud, he felt a connection to Dean and he was sure that Dean felt it too because when Cas read to him his fingers twitched and he started to mumble, though Cas could never understand the words. Currently, Cas was reading The Hobbit by J. R. R. Tolkien, recommended by Charlie. Occasionally Cas would just sit on the edge of the bed and hold Dean’s hand, just so he would know he wasn’t alone.
“Not yet,” Titan commented, and a proud smile crossed his face as he reached for Meg’s stomach and cupped it. The mom smiled.
The demon then vanished into nothingness as Hades stole his life and essence and collected it in the palm of his hand. He then placed it in a small orb he had contained in his pocket. The contents of the orb were black and smoky. Other demon essences.
“Cas,” Dean grunted, shifting so his pants and black boxer briefs would drop off the end of the bed.
Dean couldn’t believe how strange it still was to be speaking to the devil on amicable terms. Even more so, Sam’s unwavering calmness in his presence. The kid had been possessed by him, tortured people in his name, and now they were on the same side.
Dean woke up in a cold sweat, shaking and crying out. Castiel immediately jumped from the chair he'd occupied for the last two hours and whispered a few words to keep Sam asleep.
Clark whined as he tried to move his leg. It appeared as though he wouldn’t be walking again anytime soon. Jack came back in the door with a few white cartons of food, a new ice-cold water bottle, and a giddy smile upon his face.
All, but one, of the shifters were dead. The angels had managed to lure the entire colony of monsters to their location and had fought together for hours to try and kill them all. Although Gabriel had decided to keep one for torture.
Castiel left the room, walking swiftly downstairs. Future Dean moved closer and sat on the edge of his daughter's bed. He smiled warmly. She smiled a tiny smile back, but then broke into a barking cough. The corners of her eyes watered and she looked up at Future Dean, scared.
“The Angelhound program is being disbanded,” Castiel said. “My own hound died long ago, or I’d be in your same boat. Father’s creation down below grows far too curious after many reports of our hounds interacting with them. We are to perform our duties without them from here on out.”
Daniel. So that was his son's name? Dean felt this sense of something he couldn't explain wash over him. He'd always wanted a son; much less he'd always wanted to name a son Daniel. He was excited and delighted his wish came true in the future.
Ron’s blade felt heavy in his hand, but still he sheathed it in his belt, only after wiping it off on a nearby scrap of old yellowed, and probably pissed on by homeless people, newspaper. Austin stood before the scene, holding a small circular object in his right hand that was filled with milky white liquid that almost looked as though it was also made of air.
“Lead the way,” Delilah took LeSalle’s arm and the pair proceeded to make their way down the house stairs and into the front yard.
Dean’s flannel suddenly felt heavy on his body. His skin felt heated. The air felt supercharged, like it had before in the car. The smell had returned. It smelled exactly like it had ten years ago, when Dean had stepped out of a dingy motel room into the misty wet night air, with his clothes half hanging off his body and limping in a satisfied manner. A piece of a memory he hadn’t even noticed at the time.
Dean closed his eyes tight, feeling his heart race faster than on any hunt he’d ever been on, and tears started to fall even though he fought them.
And there was something about Sam losing hope that had Dean and Jack feeling as though there was nothing left of themselves to give either.
“I wrote a new ending to the best story ever,” Chuck smirked. “I finally have it right where I want it, and I won’t let you and your ragtag gang of misfits ruin it. Not this time, Castiel.”
Yet, as Castiel’s thumb finds its way across the man’s cheek to wipe the tears that escape their waiting room, Dean feels a new sense of calm wash over him. He looks up at the angel, who has a small, crooked smile upon his face, and a slight twinkle in his eye. The former hunter knows, by a single touch, that all is forgiven even though it shouldn’t be. Because that’s just the type of person Castiel became when he fell. The type that forgives, despite the hurt, and perseveres despite the consequences.
Dean and Sam had the pleasure of witnessing Drew and LeSalle remove the final vampires' heads in one clean blow. LeSalle untwisted his hand, his eyes going from their unusual shade of purple back to their normal blue almost instantly. Drew nodded at him and the four men started their long, blood descent off the boat to home.
Dean found he was once again in the middle of the street. It seemed to be a common theme of his future, streets leading to unknown locations, it was kind of poetic in a way. He felt the breeze pick up again and also the need to pull his jacket closer to his body. It was clearly Autumn, wherever this was in his future. At this point in his future he'd come out of the coma he'd been put in obviously, he assumed Sam and Gabriel were still buddy-buddy, and he and Castiel were more than just a couple of chums. It was a confusing future at that, not necessarily scary just new, different. Dean was never one to cope well when things became different.
Dean waited for a moment, the vision of the barn having melted away, and he was left in the dark once more. The glass case surrounded him again too. It begun to crack along the edges a loud screeching sound begun to assault Dean’s eardrums. The hunter gritted his teeth, covering his ears, and dropped to his knees as it grew increasingly louder.
A saxophone blared from the boombox and Dean adjusted the volume as he handed Castiel one of the beers. The angel took it, smiling the entire time, and clinked it with Dean’s once the hunter managed to pop the cap.
“You’re telling me.” Sam nodded and followed his brother into Jack’s room, hoping to provide at least some comfort for the kid until they figured out what was wrong.
"What was he like?" she asked, leaning into her father's side even though she was older now she still enjoyed being near him.
Sam nodded, half asleep already. Gabriel's voice was lulling him into slumber and soon Sam shut his eyes. Gabriel looked over at him and slowly ran his hand down Sam's back, rubbing it tenderly in an affectionate manor.
All their lives the brothers had traded happiness for guns. Solitude for salt. Kinship for late night motel rooms and greasy diner food that, after a while, would surely kill a man. Sure, one-night stands satisfied the primal side, but Sam, from day one, had known he always wanted more out of life.
Dean could sense something else in Holly's voice, but once again ignored it. He'd become quite the expert on ignoring things that were strange about her. He, as much as he was enjoying this angelic thrill ride through his future, was still sticking to his original quest on waking up and getting back to reality. He even tried to ignore the three news scratches he saw on her arms. He knew angels had battle scars, but hers seemed to be appearing at a rapid rate. Or had he just never noticed them before now?
“I will watch over him,” Castiel reassured Sam, and Sam hesitated by the door for a moment, staring back at his sleeping brother.
Jack could feel a small tingling sensation in his gut, right in the front of his body, and it wouldn’t go away. It made the longing sensation come even harder every time he thought about it and his mind wandered.
“I still can’t believe you talked me into this!” Sam yelled over the music and, begrudgingly, sipped his beer that Dean had paid for in an attempt to get him to stay. Sam had thrown a few dollars at a few girls, just to be nice, but Dean knew his younger brother’s heart wasn’t in it.
He found his thoughts racing, trying to reach a finish line that didn’t exist. None of the demon’s ramblings had really made sense. Then again, rarely did monsters wish to do more than torture hunters mentally in order to keep on living.
Once he could breathe again, he walked back over to the window and shut the curtains promptly. This wasn’t the first time he’d accidentally seen Dean naked. It was the first time he’d seen Dean naked..like that.
“Black is fine,” he said. Cas handed him one of the cups. Dean accepted it gratefully. He blew on it a bit before taking a sip. He sighed and closed his eyes as warmth washed through him. He opened his eyes to find Cas staring at him. His face was flushed and his mug was halfway to his open mouth. Dean licked the coffee remnants off his lips. Cas looked down at his coffee, taking a sip. Dean looked at his own coffee, smiling.
Cas felt a pang of guilt. It was his fault Dean was even in this situation. What right did he have to be annoyed at him right now?
“Good morning to you too, Grumpy,” Balthazar said from where he was sitting on his bed. Cas opened an eye and peered out from behind the peak in his pillowcase to make eye contact with Balthazar. There was a sarcastic smile plastered on his face like he usually had when their dad and Michael fought. He shut the screen on the laptop postured precariously on his right leg.
Mr. Shurley let out a ‘tsk’ of annoyance as Castiel ran out of the room. Dean stooped down and unzipped the front pocket of his bag, grabbing some cash from it before zipping it back up. He stood and walked out the door. Dean tugged on the bottom of his ridden up T-shirt as he wandered down the hall to the Cafeteria. His eyes quickly scanned the lunchroom in search of some kind of vending machine. He finally spotted one and bought two Gatorades. One was purple, the other light blue. He wandered haphazardly around the halls, looking for Castiel. He gave up after a few minutes and went back to the classroom. It had a few more kids in it then before but it was still pretty empty. Dean looked over towards his desk. He smiled when he saw Castiel sitting in the desk behind his. Cas looked a little more cleaned up. His hair was more controlled and his eyes were more alert. The dribble remains from his nap earlier had been washed away. Upon seeing Dean his face grew red once again as he tried to sink into his seat further to hide from view. Dean chuckled. Damn, this boy was cute.
“So, I’m having this barbecue thing later,” he paused looking back up at Cas, “if you want to come.”
Someone must have heard his silent prayer because Dean came rushing in just before the bell rang. Although he looked like he had just rolled out of bed, he was still incredibly handsome. The green eyes locked onto Cas’s as Dean took his seat in front of him.
Cas pulled his hand back, looking slightly hurt. Dean felt an apology rising in his throat, it was interrupted by Sam walking back into the room with a small stack of different sized books in his hands. He put three in two in front of each of them.
Castiel gasped and choked on his spit. He doubled over coughing. Dean smacked his back until he could breathe again then rummaged around, grabbing a cup and getting Cas some water. “Thanks,” Cas managed to rasp.
“Nice to meet you, Charlie,” he answered, shaking her hand. He was about to ask what she meant by her comment when Dean walked in.
Cas is invited to a party this Saturday. Dean gives Cas a drink one day. Cas repays him by buying him a Coffee from Starbucks where he meets Eli, a cute and flirty barista who throws Cas into a loop as a new love interest is introduced.
“Good,” Dean smiled at him. They stood, smiling until the warning bell rang, “I guess that’s our cue,” Dean said, pulling open the door and ushering Cas into the hallway. They walked back to the classroom quickly, barely making it in the door when the bell rang. The pair hurried over to their seats. Before Cas could sit down, Dean grabbed him and pulled him into a kiss. The class erupted into hoots and screams. “Told ya,” Dean whispered when he let go of Cas.
Cas had expected that Dean would have visitors. A few of his close friends, his parents, and maybe a few other classmates.
Dean moved over to Cas, getting uncomfortably close, before he reached around him and poured himself a cup of coffee. Cas looked slightly panicked at the act but calmed down once Dean sat at the table.
Dean took advantage of the falter, his tongue flicking out to touch Cas’s and--what the fuck? Cas leaned back, confused. Dean opened his eyes, also confused. “What?” he asked, eyes searching Cas’s for an answer.
“D’aw, you two would make the cutest couple.” Gabe teased, earning a glare from Cas, “You should ask him to prom.”
Cas left the room to search the halls for his friends before they left for the day. His backpack felt heavy. It pulled against his tired shoulders as he shoved by his peers. His eyes roamed the crowd, eventually catching sight of a familiar pair of green eyes wandering his way. He smiled as the other boy passed hoping the gesture would be returned, remembering to buy him a coffee the following morning. Dean was engaged in a conversation with a pretty girl and didn’t notice him. Cas had to think for a second to recall her name eventually remembering that it was Meg. Cas caught a bit of their conversation when they passed. It was something about the party on Saturday. Apparently, they were going.
“No reason,” Dean lied. Castiel watched helplessly as he collapsed to the floor, crying out in pain. His arms were clenched around his torso.
Castiel stood, staring out his window at the darkening sky. He glanced down, just for a second, and saw Dean sprawled, naked, on his bed. Cas choked on the water he was drinking. He ran to the bathroom, spitting it into the sink and coughing.
“I used to come here with my family when we were younger. Ellen, the owner, is a family friend,” Dean said, smiling as he remembered.
“I, Uhm, yes,” he stuttered, shifting a little but not moving. That earned another chuckle from Dean.
“Not at all,” Dean grinned, reaching for the fake silk. He undid the knots with careful fingers and gentle touches. His lips found Cas’s neck again, making his breath hitch. With one final tug, the knots were untied and Dean let out a laugh as the dress fell to the ground. “You wore briefs under that?”
Dean finally looked around the Diner, they were the only ones in there with the exception of a lonely old man sitting at the high rise counter, staring at our waitress’ ass. Dean nudged Sam’s arm to draw his attention to it, trying hard to stuffle his laugh.
“Yeah, well, I’m not really in a talking mood,” Dean muttered. He fixed the blanket pulling them over him, hoping Sam would get the hint.
Cas looked up and made eye contact with him, his smile immediately fell away when they made eye contact. Though, he didn’t look away.
He smiled, Charlie of course knew he was going to the party, what she meant was more along the lines of “Are you gonna help me pick up some chicks”.
“Winchester,” Coach Cain called him over. Dean picked up his water bottle from the bench. His breath was coming in pants, his body not yet adjusted from his coma, “Take it easy out there today. This is your first practice since you woke up. Don’t push yourself. We don’t want to make things worse.”
He let out a breathy laugh, teeth dragging lightly against the mark he left. Dean’s waist jolted forward at the touch, making Castiel hiss. He could feel Dean hard against his leg. He brought his forehead down, resting it on Dean’s shoulder. Emotion nearly overwhelming him. Fear, joy, arousal, anxiety. His breath was coming in pants. His head felt fuzzy.
“What?” Dean asked, pulling away slightly to study Cas’s eyes. Tears pooled in them, spilling over the edge.
The waitress made it to the table, looking just as done with life as the boys sitting in front of her and asked with just a hint of annoyance what they wanted.
Balthazar was already awake and out of the room. Cas guessed at the time, not wanting to risk the pain of finding and checking his phone. The best guess is that it was around 2 in the afternoon.
The name registered in the back of Cas’s head just in case he needed to know it. Cas only moved when Dean sat down in front of him. He looked at him in surprise. There were a lot of other empty seats in the classroom. He dismissed the thought creeping up in his head. Cas’s heart was beating quickly.
Cas was sure his face was as red as a tomato. He spaced out for the rest of the day, thinking of the green eyes and calloused skin that belonged to the new kid.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He took a few deep breaths. His mind searched for other things to think about.
“Nice to meet you too, Sam,” Cas smiled. Sam looked between them for a second longer before turning and walking away. Cas took another sip of his beer before saying, “You have a lovely home.”
Dean made eye contact with Cas as he approached the table, sitting across from him. He put his head on the table, giving into his body’s plea for relaxation. He almost fell asleep like that but couldn’t for some reason. He lifted his head enough to see Cas staring at him with a slightly confused and concerned look on his face.
Cas cleared his throat, going back to pulling the sleeves back to their place, “I didn’t choose it,” he grumbled.
“I know. I’m Castiel.” Cas responded as he gingerly shook the other boy’s hand. Sparks. He must have imagined that.
Cas was in his kitchen, filling something in his sink. Dean sighed, sinking back down to the bed. Lisa stirred beside him but didn’t wake up.
“Oh, uh,” suddenly he couldn’t think. Cas sighed, starting toward the door. “Wait,”  Dean stuck his arm out, stopping him. Cas looked at him, confused and annoyed. Dean stared at the floor, finding his words, “I’m sorry.”
Fire started to pool in his abdomen. He was past the point of no return, “Dean,” was all he managed to get out. A silent plea he hoped was heard.
He woke up a few hours later to an empty cold. Dean was gone. Cas sighed, shifting on the bed so he could reach the maid dress on the floor without getting up. He pulled his phone out of the pocket on the apron. The time read 9:37 AM. He had gotten approximately 6 hours of sleep.
Dean studied the face of the man above him. Eyes dragging across it and resting on the slightly chapped lips. They were only inches apart. Every inch of his body screamed at him to close the distance between them. To reach up and pull the other into a kiss.
Anyway, hope you enjoyed the new chapter. Make sure to drop a kudos and bookmark for more updates to come! Only a few more chapters left!
Dean’s face was already damp with tears but another betrayed him, running quickly down his cheek. Cas raised his hand to Dean’s face. His palm pressed against Dean’s cheek as he wiped some of the moisture from under the closed eye. Cas lifted his head and let his lips meet Dean’s once again. Dean melted into the kiss.
“Nothing on Aella but I might have found another case.” Sam responded, not looking up from the screen, “a werewolf in Massachusetts, three dead, two missing. Sounds interesting, wanna check it out.”
They stood, separating when they got to the hall. Dean had Chemistry on the opposite side of the school from Cas. They met again at the entrance of the lunchroom to eat. Gabe and Anna didn’t have the same lunch period as him today so he would’ve been sitting alone anyway. Dean led him over to a table in the corner.
“Not the kind I want. It’s just down the road. I have money.” he pleaded, pulling out his best puppy dog eyes.
Cas turned away from the bed, tears falling silently down his face as he started towards the door. He stopped abruptly. Dean’s hand was holding his. He turned back around, finding himself meeting a pair of beautiful green eyes. Shock and joy overwhelmed him and he cried harder.
“C’mon, don’t leave now, it was just getting good,” Dean said, his voice hoarse. It felt like a million little demons were clawing at his throat.
“Are you gonna ask him?” she asked, glancing over at the girl, “Or are you gonna take the excuse to get out of it? Again.”
“You don’t know that,” he shot back, tears stinging his eyes. He hid them in his hands to stop Sam from seeing them.
“Goodbye, Dean,” Cas said with his back turned, he started to walk away. Somehow, Dean managed to keep a hold on his hand. Cas turned back, his face was wet with tears and snot. He was beautiful.
“Not unless you want me to,” Dean answered with a wink, pulling open the door. Cas let out a nervous chuckle as he stepped into the lobby. It smelled musty, like old people and chemicals. “Relax, I won’t. I’m less scary than I look.”
“Yes,” Dean confirmed in between breaths “Probably gonna need an Advil though.” They stood for a second longer before Dean leaned into another kiss. “Alright, I’d better go change.”
Cas, Anna, and Gabe shoved their way to the bar to grab drinks while Balthazar went to find his friends. After they got them they went their separate ways. Cas wandered over to a mostly corner of the room and leaned against the wall watching the dancers. He left his perch soon after, as a couple started making out loudly beside him which made him uncomfortable. He navigated the crowd, looking for a familiar face.
Cas looked at clearly drunk Dean and followed the green eyes as they landed first on Eli, then shifting slowly over to Cas. Their eyes locked briefly, and Cas saw pain slowly overwhelm them. Then Dean turned and quickly stumbled out of the room. Charlie looked at Cas in shock for another second before turning and yelling Dean’s name in an attempt to draw him back to the group.
“Uh, yeah, I just,” he turned, expecting to find Meg but instead found a space where she had once stood, “Oh.”
I am so sorry. Somehow the last few paragraphs of chapter 4 didn't get copied and I just today realized that they didn't . So here's part two of the last chapter. The next chapter might take a little bit longer to publish because I've hit a bad writers block on all of my projects. I'm working on it though.
Cas was sure he was still asleep and this was a dream. If it was a dream, he and Dean would be a lot closer. Cas risked another glance up at Dean and found him staring back. Something moved outside the kitchen window, drawing Cas’s attention. His face fell when he saw the light on in Dean’s room.
“I’ll have a bacon cheese burger, extra onions, extra cheese and bacon, with fries on the side and a coffee, black” Dean said(of course). She jotted it down and turned her head to Sam.
“Wait, Cas,” Dean blurted, standing. Cas turned his eyes towards Dean, looking at him expectantly. Before Dean could think about what he was doing, he closed the distance between him and Cas.
“No,” Sam said, obviously lying. He looked away from Dean, fidgeting with his sleeve, “Are you okay?”
Cas hummed, eyes returning to Dean’s. Dean glanced at Cas’s lips, suddenly aware of how close they were. He took a step in, waiting for Cas to move away. When he didn’t, Dean moved in. The space between them closed, little by little. Their breaths mixed, warming the space between them.
Cas’s already flushed face darkened. “Yeah, I didn’t know I’d be going home with someone,” he muttered. He lifted his hand to pull at the velcro on the choker.
“Thanks,” the man laughed, helping him back onto his feet. Once he was fully upright, Cas started adjusting the dress. He paused, feeling the man staring at him. “Nice costume,” he praised, looking Cas up and down, “You don’t see many men in maid dresses.”
The Security Guards eventually got the crowd to settle down and they started letting people go in the building. In small groups so as to not disturb the peace. The waiting room was already filled with patients and other visitors, so Cas and the other high schoolers had to wait outside.
“Yeah, I did.” Cas glanced over at him. They were silent again. Cas took another swig from his cup, finishing it off. “I’m all out,” he stated, awkwardly trying to get up from where he was lying down. Halfway up, he stumbled and fell on top of Dean, knocking the other onto the ground. Dean groaned under him at the sudden weight. Cas pushed himself up onto his hands and found himself staring right into those green eyes. Dean’s head was caged in between his arms. The air between them grew warmer with each breath. The smell of alcohol wafted on their breaths.
Dean frowned, he wasn’t convinced but he didn’t want to push. Instead, he raised his arm and pulled Cas into a tight hug. When he let go, Cas was staring at his lips. They leaned into each other, their noses and lips brushed. The bathroom door opened abruptly and Dean jumped back. A scrawny kid with brown hair and glasses was standing in the door, his eyes were flicking between them.
“I have a shower,” Dean said, following him off the counter, “and a change of clothes.” He wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist and raising his eyebrows.
Dean finally gets a chance to kiss Cas. However, when he tries to take it, Cas pulls away, leaving Dean embarrassed and ready for another drink. Dean later finds Cas kissing Eli and, feeling hurt and betrayed, tries to escape in his car. This doesn't go well and Dean gets in an accident.
Mr. Shurley looked like he was somewhere between laughing and yelling. He looked behind Dean to Cas and sighed, telling them to sit down. Dean complied, sitting tall and proud in his seat while Cas sat hunched in his own.
They wandered around for a short while, looking in various rooms for an empty one. Charlie would open a door, see a couple making out, and shut it quickly, dragging Dean to the next one.
“Oh, hey Dean! How’d it-” Charlie started, stopping when she noticed his expression, “What’s wrong?”
My mom once saw a guy on the beach with the same tattoo as Jay and I never got it out of my mind. I wanted to include it.
“Since you were eighteen,” Sam admitted. “I saw you, down an alleyway outside whatever motel we were staying at that time. You were hiding from dad. I know you were because you turned your head when I accidentally kicked the dumpster, pushed the other guy away from you like he had the plague, and practically sprinted back to the room past me. You were so scared you never even saw me, and I pretended I had gone out to the vending machine. I remember that night like it was yesterday, Dean.”
Dean knows every single symbol painted onto the warped wooden walls from a lifetime of research. He painted every single one himself.
Dean had always loved the smell of the world after it rained. Ever since he was a little kid, it filled him with this unmistakable sensation of joy and feeling free. The feeling of the droplets on his skin. The smell of the trees and ground outside after it occurred.
The cop walked off, holding his hands up to shield the crowd that had now formed from viewing the carnage. Adam continued to discreetly scan the body for EMF but came up with nothing. He shook his head at the others, and they concluded there was nothing else to be done at the scene. They’d already texted Sam and Dean, requesting they all meet up for lunch after at a local diner to discuss their findings. Hopefully the other two Winchester brothers had discovered more than their trio.
Daniel didn’t know how he’d ended up in the passenger seat of the Impala at the ass crack of dawn, but there he was.
“Besides, you have never seen my angelic visage,” Castiel continues, hands in the pockets of his pants underneath the iconic trench coat. “How would you know what to create?”
Dean walked backwards into his motel room. He tried his best not to trip over his own feet. His heart pounded. He felt like a virgin all over again. Jay quietly slipped into the room too and shut the door behind them.
