“Dad. Speaking.”
There are dark circles around Tony’s eyes, puffy and red. Tony sniffs wetly as he waits for Tommy to say something.
So they do, at first a soft touch of lips, then to something sweet and chaste. It doesn't go beyond Steve sliding his tongue over Tony's lips. Tony smiles into it. Then they separate, and that's Tony's night made even better.
"M'liking
He places a hand on Tommy’s and gives it a pat.
Tony takes it and wraps it around his shoulders. “Don’t you?”
"That you hit him with his shield...he said—" Tony rolls his eyes when he says, "I don't know. He said he wanted to catch it, that's why it hit him. He...he laughed. So, maybe he thought it was funny?"
Hm, what’s the plan again?
For about… five minutes now.
"The kind you'll enjoy," Steve says. "All things considered."
“Is it Uncle Bruce?”
Buck…
"Yeah, I hear it," Peter replies.
“Noh!” Tommy screams. “Noh-Varr!”
“Thomas.”
that is), even if it’s just for the physicality alone. The problem makes itself clear when said dad had groaned in realization at the sight of Teddy, when Billy had realized himself how detached this side of his dad’s life really is from the rest of them.
“I had all of those moved to the shed before they moved in.”
So, um.
“Fuck off, Billy.”
“Dad—” Peter starts, but is stopped by his dad raising a finger in front of his face.
“Go slow?”
Billy and Teddy excuse themselves after that, saying that they still need to catch up on some Christmas shopping. Tony reprimands Billy for not doing it sooner. Both he and Teddy should have known better, how hectic it can get the day before Christmas. And they do know better, but they also don’t have a gift for Steve because they hadn’t known he exists until yesterday. Tommy points out that they have a good point, and that Tony should be ashamed of himself, depriving Steve of presents.
“So what’s the matter?”
I thought that if I put some distance between us, just for a little while…
. His eyebrows are raised in unease over droopy lids. When Tony doesn’t answer, only looks pointedly at Steve, Steve swallows. “Okay. I’ll go.”
Teddy gives Tony a small hug after Tony places the plate on the counter by Steve. Then, he greets Tony a Merry Christmas.
“He isn’t.”
“I mean, I’m sorry. I—”
Tony is convinced Steve is convinced he still has to make amends for all the bullshit that happened in the past. Tony is convinced Steve doesn’t need to beat himself over it because he has forgiven him a long time ago.
“I’m not—”
"And then I pulled that mask off of you. God, Peter. I wished I was back on your first day at the tower. I wished I was wearing my favorite sweater, and you'd just drool on me, instead of lying bloody in my arms—"
“I heard you the first time.”
Peter smiles back. Wants to say hi. He might have said hi. But the whispers are too loud; he doesn’t hear himself.
Then again, they had wanted Steve to open up, God knows why—Tony actually also knows why, but he’d rather not entertain those thoughts if he’s being honest. But his sons look more entranced than suspicious now, and Teddy simply looks interested. Tony calms down, although not without feeling a little guilty that he had raised his voice at Tommy.
There is a knock on the door.
lunch today.”
So, we’ll be taking this… box.
“Thank you,” Steve replies pointedly with a small bow. “That’s a compliment if I ever heard one.”
I just want you to be safe, Tony.
house. What if they’re doing something illegal there?”
Billy actually chuckles as he snaps his fingers. “Drat, you got me.”
“What the fuck, who are you?” Tommy says. He puts one foot forward, waving his hands in front of him in a karate chopping motion.
“And how many rejections were there?”
Just think of it as part of Bucky’s therapy, Scott.
Nothing.
Tony still feels light-headed. He downs a few glasses of water.
That’s twice now, and Tony involuntarily tunes the conversation out, his heartbeat loud in his ears after hearing his sons acknowledge Steve as his boyfriend
“You heard that, huh,” Billy snorts.
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
If everyone wants to do something else—
“I thought it meant I can come back for breakfast,” Steve grumbles under his breath.
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
Captain America, thank you very much."
“He’s doing okay. Helpful, even with just one hand.” Clint pauses. “The animals seem to like him. And Pietro treats him like a little brother, so I guess it’s safe to say he’s being taken care of.”
I know.
“Surprising as it may be, it’s not the cold that bothers me.”
Tony whips his head up. “No, Tommy,” Tony answers. “No, I’m not sick.”
“He thinks he’s being cute,” Tommy tells Tony. “I’ll get a pot going.”
"No, you didn't—"
Okay, uh…
Tony jumps, his shoulder raising at the sound of Steve’s voice.
Steve kisses the top of Tony's head and his lips linger. Then he smooths the hair all ruffled up, not from his own disturbance, but from the thirty-minute nap Tony had taken after arriving at the apartment. He had slipped out of his clothes, keeping his boxers on, and had slipped into one of Steve's shirts. It hangs loosely over his torso.
Steve laughs. “It’s a bit early to book the tickets, though, don’t you think?”
friends, Tom.”
“I am
Tony takes in a long deep breath and exhales in a sudden burst.
Tony sputters, wildly flailing his arms on his side. "He thought it was funny!"
How about you talk to him before jumping to conclusions?
"Good."
“Wow, thanks Uncle Pietro!”
‘From Pietro and Uncle Clint,’ it reads. A tiny scrawl of ‘and Aunt Wanda’ is off to one corner of the card, with a small drawing of a smiley face with hair resembling Wanda’s. Tony takes the card and catches Pietro watching him. He finds a glint in Pietro’s eyes that he had seen in himself earlier that day when he had dared to look in the mirror for a few seconds. He looks away as quickly as he had dismissed his own reflection.
Stop it, Bucky.
It was the first time Tony had felt like a father.
The game carries on with little to no threats from Tommy aimed at his late mother. Steve chooses the college path, and Tony does the same. They end up in debt but are able to pay it shortly afterwards given their chosen careers: an accountant for Steve, also with a 100,000-dollar pay, and a lawyer for Tony, who has a 90,000-dollar salary. Tommy reaches the marriage tile ahead of them both, and he adds a blue peg to his car.
“I guess.”
Tony smiles. “And where do you intend to take me?”
“She threw a microwave at my head—” A flinch from Tony. “—then beat me up with a wooden chair.” Another flinch. “I had to live with the idea that I was never going to dance again for
“I know.”
"Didn't you hear? I've had sex with all the original members of the Avengers at least once."
“Carl is the guy from yesterday? Sheesh. And it’s his nephew, by the way, this Dez boy. Far as I can tell, the kid didn’t have anything to do with it. Peter said the kid said the uncle told the kid to say what he did.”
Tony nods mockingly. He crosses his fingers together, brings his chin closer to his hands. "Would you like extra credit for that?"
But who is Tommy if not his father’s son?
“Man. Uncle Thor.”
“Haven’t you taken a small peek?”
"Let's just say his back hadn't been that great because...er—awful sleep, remember? But that's not—it's not really important. Your dad had bad joints." And even to Tony's ear, Steve sounds mechanical and stiff, sputtering. Tony can imagine the blush creeping up Steve's cheek and the tips of his ears, matching Tony's own underneath his blanket.
in tune with the heart monitor. “I guess… There's no lesson here, if I'm gonna be honest, except for maybe following the age restrictions in playgrounds. But um, having me and your dad dealing with my being stuck for a bit, it brought you close to your Uncle Bruce, who—and I remember very distinctly, you called him your second best friend, after Mr. Binky.
“When Kate caught wind of him breaking up with his fiancee, for
Holy shit, it’s burning my face.
"You're making an old man out of me, old man," Tony pats the arm around his belly. "But you're liking this, aren't you?"
“Sorry we don’t have gifts for you, Noh-Varr,” Steve says.
"We should get married after you give birth—I mean, you didn't hear that. You deserve a better proposal, and—hey, you're drooling again." Steve leans forward to wipe away the drool, this time with his forefinger. "Me wiping your drool with my finger should be a sign that we should get married—I mean, you didn't hear that. I'm not proposing. Also, we're having a kid, and I just put 'drool wiping' above 'starting a family together' on the list of reasons why we should get married."
, and we were only
”I mean, the Zumba Moms aren’t so bad.” Tommy walks ahead a few paces and faces Tony and Billy, then starts walking backwards as they catch up with him. “They give me tips. Like
Tommy suppresses the urge to shatter the mirrors around him.
“Oh, Bucky’s doctor also approached me about my asthma,” Steve says after swallowing a whole bacon. “And I can’t really explain it, but Dr. Erskine made it all go away. I suddenly put on more pounds than I thought was possible for me and...here I am.”
You can’t make me wait another ten years before you sweep me off my feet again—
Tommy’s tries to hold back his own emotions. “Dad, that’s not—”
“I know. I saw.”
Let's not do that right now.
“Right.” Billy crosses his arms over his chest.
To Tony’s surprise, Steve pulls him into a hug. The smell of Steve’s cologne overwhelms his nostrils, but it doesn’t stop him from inhaling deeper. Squeezing Tony as tight as he can without breaking his back, Steve lifts his husband from the ground, making Tony stand on his tiptoes and squeezes Steve just as hard. Perhaps that’s just as well; Tony can feel his knees wobble under him.
Tony retracts his hand, hiding it in between his thighs.
"I'm just glad you're not leaving me."
“No,” Tony replies. “Not until your brother gets here.”
It’s a miracle that he and Teddy are able to find a seat in a Starbucks. His feet are in a world of pain, but Billy wanted them to have a little rest before the walk back to the tower. The traffic outside is even worse than yesterday’s. It’ll do more harm to their schedule to grab a cab back home than simply walk.
I guess we can do something else.
Right.
Tony asks Steve to join them and Tommy doesn’t oppose.
I wanted to be the one to get you out of there.
Steve stops tickling, but doesn't untangle his limbs from Tony. "Thank you. I have a reputation to uphold."
"Explain." Behind Steve, Tony points at his belly. The painting of a snake with hands giving a smiling clown a blue ribbon that says 'TANGO' has faded in a few areas, but the colors are still clear enough for anyone to understand his masterpiece.
Fuck off, Steve.
“How do you know all of this?”
Tommy feels suspended in time, and Tony, unmoving, his face in perpetual shock, only locks him deeper into the feeling. They look at each other, eyes wide and mouth agape, the same expression but for different reasons. Tommy isn’t quite sure how that managed to escape his lips, and he can only imagine how that must’ve felt for Tony to hear. Tommy doesn’t realize he has stopped breathing until Tony releases a breath of his own, and Tommy follows suit.
“Holy shit,” Rhodey says as he clasps Tony’s shoulder. “Your kid actually did it.”
He manages a tight smile. “Hello, Mr. Stark. My name is—”
“I did. It's just… It's almost finals, Tom. You understand how it is.”
much."
She’ll pick up anything important then send you her files after.
“Sure,” Billy says as he unlocks his phone. He presses on the screen a few times before holding the device up to Tony’s face. “Oh wait, that’s right. I already did text him almost ten times in the last five minutes. And he hasn’t responded.”
I told him that this was for you and nothing else.
Tony had gotten his man in the end. And he's got his man's dick up his ass.
Tony shakes his head as he pulls his hand away.
“Oh, you’re finally getting that?”
“So about the cult that lives in your attic.”
having some sort of contest with his sons over whose partner is older, better looking, or whatever it is kids try to one-up each other with these days. Tony dating Steve does not mean he’s suddenly peers with his sons. But it doesn’t mean that Steve
And no.
Steve picks at the dried soil under his fingernails. “That I need a break. From being Captain America. Just be a husband and a dad for once.”
Steve’s eyebrows shoot up to his hairline. He nods once, small and hardly there. He opens his mouth to say something, the same surprised look on his face, but nothing comes out. So he nods again, noticeable this time.
her?”
My integrity is fragile enough—
He’s an astounding engineer. He builds, builds,
“I love you,” he says instead, hoping it conveys as much warmth as Tony deserves.
Tony takes it and closes his eyes again. He finally drifts off with visions of stones, a broken hand, and dust in the wind.
When the silence lingers, Steve laughs. “Now’s the time you hide your red face behind your hands, and I’ll kiss you on the cheek, and your dad will kiss you on the cheek. And Uncle Clint will ruffle your hair and tell you something, something Aunt Nat can rebut.” Steve sighs.
Do we restrain him?
"I know it's a little unprofessional. I'm technically his landlord, and he's still technically paying me so his cult can live here. I mean, we’re sharing a room now for God’s sake,” Tony says, the last part more for himself than for Peter, but he doesn’t bother lowering his voice anyway. “Just me and Steve, not the entire cult,” he adds.
“Uh, thank you?” Steve looks at Teddy questioningly.
Tony looks over to Billy, Tommy and Teddy, all three of which are now leaning just a little bit closer to Steve as he regales them with accounts of his life. Tony shouldn’t be surprised with how easily Steve manages to make them
Tony lets out a low groan into Steve’s mouth. Blood rushes to his cock, and had it been any other day, he would have spread himself wide open for Steve then and there. But today is a rather sensitive day, so he keeps it as under wraps as he can manage, barely moving to keep his length from rubbing through the fabric of his pants and onto Steve’s six-pack.
Rhodey scowls. “This isn’t over.”
“Are you moving away?”
“Nothing’s wrong.” Tony tries to wave a hand in front of his face, but he hands up flailing his right wrist around where it’s stuck from under him. He lets out a short growl and makes a disgruntled face as he watches his hand flop on the bed like a fish out of water. “I just miss the sound of birds. The ocean. The way the campfire crackles when were down on the beach. Just...sounds, I guess. I love New York, but we’re smack dab in the middle of the city, up in the penthouse of a tall building, soundproof windows and all. I can’t even hear the pigeons cooing.”
“What about you?” Steve says, eyeing the singular gift on Tony’s lap. He sets the blanket and the paintbrushes aside with the wrapping paper. “Is that a photo album?”
Oh, Jesus Christ, Rogers.
They each have a plate of three pieces of pancakes, two eggs—sunny-side up for everyone, except Teddy, who prefers his to be soft-boiled—and a few pieces of bacon. There’s already a steaming mug of black coffee for Tony, while Tommy has half a container of those protein shakes he always drinks but doesn’t seem to enjoy. Billy and Teddy, on the other hand, only have one tall glass of water for the both of them. Steve has a glass of water of his own and an empty mug—a generic white mug they own a ton of instead of Steve’s usual and personal blue one with a pattern of holographic stars. A full coffee pot, a pitcher of milk, and a pitcher of orange juice are on the table for his convenience.
Watery brown eyes met slightly stunned blue.  “Steve…” Tony croaked, not knowing what else to say.
A hint of a smirk crept up on Tony’s lips. He lifted his head a bit so he could look at Steve better. “So, nothing at all like me. Continue,” he joked, his eyes sparkling a little with mirth.
Steve shivered, pleasure and sensitivity thrilling up his spine. He let out a shaky, almost overwhelmed sound against Tony’s lips, looking down at him through his lashes.
in his arms.  So he would hold him, be his, as long as he could…
He closed the file and tucked it under his arm. “Stark is quite a story, and it’s a story that quite a few people aren’t sure if you’re ready to hear. All you need to know right now is that Ultron has become the ultimate armor and weapon of Planet Earth, an omniscient, learning, peacekeeping robot, and it’s been active for the past decade. Exactly what it was designed to be, as I understand it. Unfortunately, that’s also the reason why we need to shut it down. The way we see it, you’re the one to help us. Stark --
“Okay then. I’ll just…”
Tony looked up at his lover with creased brows, not exactly sure what Steve was getting at. He moaned in protest as Steve pulled out, but as he positioned himself over Tony’s hard cock, Tony’s eyes widened as he remembered. He moaned loudly as he was enveloped in a comforting tightness, the walls stroking and squeezing as Steve started to rock back and forth. His hand instinctively grabbed Steve’s cock and began pumping as they found new pleasure in each other.
Then, Steve came forward and sat on the bed, head bowed and a somber look in his tired blue eyes.  “I believe you,” he murmured. “That sounds pretty crazy too. Doesn’t it.”
Fury searched his face for a moment.  “…You gonna be okay for this?”
There was a moment of silence…
Steve’s smile returned, soft and subdued. “There was competition. A lot of competition. He was convinced that his fire died in that cave and he was just living as a ghost, even if he wouldn’t admit it. And me… After he punched me and nothing happened, with my name, it was only a matter of time before he connected the dots. He had a lot of questions. He was really… blunt, actually.”
Steve pulled him into his lap, sharing his breath with the man he loved. “We really can’t— mm!” he gasped, cut short by a kiss that made his toes curl. God damn
Bruce paused halfway into the door, instinct making him go still when he saw that familiar profile. Steve was right, this Tony held himself just a little differently, more curiosity in his eyes than determination….
Tony let out a breath through his nose, having a hard time cooling down now.  He closed his eyes, trying to stop himself from biting Steve’s head off.
Steve smiled against his lips, leaning into the kiss all too willingly.  “I thought you wanted to work?” he murmured, cupping his cheek. “Besides, where would we go?”
“…How bad did it get?”
Steve blinked slowly… then he sat up, looking into Tony’s eyes.  He just wanted to lose himself again. He wanted to lose track of where his body ended and Tony’s began.  He pulled the man flush with his chest, kissing him slow and hard, hoping that his lover could feel his need.
He glanced down at the brass ring on Tony’s hand. “The towel ring. You just whipped everything out, used a candle. Was watching you the whole time. You…”
He leaned forward and kissed Steve.  Hard.
The super soldier didn’t let him go, not for a few seconds.
Steve caught his breath for a moment, startled by the soft press of warm lips against his…
“Good enough for me,” he whispered, his lips connecting with Steve’s again, but this time much more slowly.  He was still desperate for contact, but he wanted to savor him. To really
Steve kissed him back sweetly… and even for all the bittersweet weddings in the world, he couldn’t help but smile against his lips.  “You know, technically I suppose this is legal,” he chuckled warmly. “I am a Captain, after all~”
But still, he closed his eyes, relishing the feeling.  Despite everything, he could still lose himself in Tony’s touch.  “Mmm… Stop that…”
“Why does anyone bring you anywhere?” Fury asked ironically, fishing into his coat for a file. “We need your help. Once we get that help, sending you back where you came from should be easy.”
“We weren’t sure how big you’d be, so someone will be in tomorrow to fit you for clothes,” Steve explained.  “I managed to bribe a warm blanket from the laundry, though. It gets cold… well, all the time down here.”
Even with the joke, his voice fell a little flat. Time was slipping by alarmingly fast.
“Oh?  OH? Is three months of captivity not enough for a legitimate panic attack?” Tony snapped, his brow furrowed and mouth turned into a frown.  When he got back from his ordeal, all he heard was how he was so lucky to have been able to get out so quickly. That he seemed to be holding up so well and that had he been there longer, they might have been really worried.  Those people that sat in their offices and thought the worst thing that had happened to them was a flat tire in the middle of traffic.
Nick smirked humorlessly. “Not exactly.”
He did it anyway.
A strangled gasp left Tony’s lips as Steve began massaging just under the head of his cock, a bit of precum oozing out of its own accord. He leaned into Steve’s touch and moaned, growing harder as Steve hoisted him into his lap, feeling the press of his cock against his ass through the fabric. He ground his hips against him, aching for more.
Steve actually felt a tiny prickle of humor in his belly.  He remembered how much Tony liked to dress fancy. “Because it’s canvas,” he murmured.  “You seen Top Gun?”
Tony’s vision darkened, his hands falling limp against those pink-scarred wrists.
“No way to know for sure, sir.”
Steve hooked his good hand into his belt loops, nodding at the stack of files beside the bed. “Just make sure to have at those in the morning.”
He smiled softly, longingly, sadly up at him. “You’re
Steve chewed on his lip, and finally went into the bathroom.
Tony gets a look in a very dark mirror.
“I’m sorry,” he said again, knowing that he couldn’t make up for this, nor did this help the Steve he knew in his own world.
Looking up into Steve’s confused blue eyes, Tony shook his head.  “I am sorry… about that,” he murmured.
Steve chuckled.  “Yeah… I’m ready, ‘Robert.’”
Emotional smut and angst.  Get ready for the final fight, ladies and gents...
Tony snorted and then actually laughed.  And once he started, he just kept
“What I’m going to tell you is going to sound far-fetched and crazy,” Tony croaked, fingers fidgeting against the flag once more.  “I was… gone. Maybe for only a few minutes. A few seconds. I don’t know. But… I spent weeks in an… alternate reality.”
He chewed on his lip thoughtfully, then smiled happily. “You and I went out to that one ice cream place, on 4th in Brooklyn, but on the way back we got caught in a rainstorm,” he chuckled. “You were so fussy. Like a soaked cat.  We ended up hiding out at a bus stop while Happy worked through traffic to pick us up… but in the end, the bus came first. It took two hours to get back to Stark Tower in the traffic. You fussed almost the whole way, until you fell asleep on my shoulder…”
Tony’s eyes widened as he lay on his back, staring up into the inky blackness above them.  He couldn’t help but wince, imagining how it really could have been worse.
Steve grinned at that, pressing a kiss to Tony’s temple and holding him close. His eyes wandered over the wall, focused on some point far in the distance. “He told me later that there was some kind of ‘historical fascination’ where I was concerned. He said that over time, he realized why Howard had never stopped talking about me and he
Steve smiled mirthlessly, eyes lingering on the arc reactor. “We met in a veteran recovery group. He wasn’t exactly the nicest guy at first.”
It was Steve. His eyes were red and bruised with crying.
Tony froze, his shoulders hunching as if he had been hit.
“We need to talk about the Accords eventually,” he murmured. “But it can wait. For now.”
Steve shook his head, in a movement almost undetectable if Tony hadn’t been looking for it.  “No. No, you weren’t,” he admitted, walking him over to the cage elevator.
Steve’s smile faded for a moment. It was a question that a lot of people had asked him years ago, after everything happened. They wanted to know how, why Captain America of all people had fallen for a man that had become a villain.
Steve immediately shot up. “Tony?!”
“Hey…” Natasha mumbled, lithely settling into a chair.
He glanced down at Tony’s chest, making a slight face at the sight of the arc reactor. “Hmm. Still got that outdated thing, huh?”
Steve knew better than to ask for more time. He knew that they might not get an opportunity like this again for months, if not years… and while he was more than alright with that, more than happy to wait, to live with his new husband for as long as he could… he couldn’t do it to the rest of them. For over a decade, the remnants of SHIELD had lived underground, living like rats. Even with Tony’s new lights, they could still feel the oppressive shield of rock looming over their heads. Some of them had families down here. Kids who had never seen the sun for themselves.
“I’m sorry,” Tony murmured, looking down at his feet.
Steve trailed off. “Those dreams… they felt more real than when I was awake,” he admitted. “It was easy to sleep…”
A split second later he pulled back and squinted his eyes shut, grimacing.
A moment passed in silence.
Steve glanced back at him, eyes flickering across his face… then he turned his eyes back to the front.  “Sorry,” he apologized. “I shouldn’t have said that. You didn’t have anything to do with this…”
Steve swallowed, eyes cast down to the arc reactor.
he breathed, his voice hitching.
Tony nodded emphatically at the question, sniffling as he replied. “Y-yes!”
The next three days underground were a storm of activity. Now that the rumors of Tony’s enlisting had been confirmed, everyone at SHIELD had buckled down on their tasks, making plans and backup plans for what they would do once Ultron was shut down.  In-depth, elaborate step-by-step programs for taking back the world and establishing a better order from the foundations that this world’s Stark had destroyed and built up, which would extend years after Tony was back home.
His gaze darkened, his hold on Tony tightening protectively. “Then Obadiah Stane happened.”
Tony’s fingers dug into Steve’s blond locks, pulling him down onto the bed, the flag pressed down onto the sheets by their bodies.  He couldn’t think of a more fitting place for that flag to be– tragedy covered by their undying love.
Steve shook his head. “No… you can keep driving. I think it’s a pretty straight shot from here…”
“Hey, Tony…” Steve whispered. “You…”
Tony looked the man up and down again, trying to figure him out, but he followed. “I take it I wasn’t always an asshole here, huh?” he asked, glancing as some workers quickened their pace when they saw him or turned in the other direction entirely. Some glared.  Others tried to fight the look of disgust off their faces.
This was uncharted territory for Tony.  He and Steve had spent years bickering and throwing snarky comments back and forth… and smiling and laughing.  They had so much but nothing had never come from it. It wasn’t that they didn’t care, they both certainly did, but somehow they just kept it to a close friendship… until they parted ways.  It was something that he always regretted.
He shook his head, trying to clear his mind of the thought of it being him.  No, it was the other guy. He snorted. He was starting to get what Banner meant when he spoke about the Other Guy.  “Uh, it started up the same way in my world. …But I blew them off. And then they had side-effects where people exploded….  They blamed it on a terrorist to keep it covered up. Killian ended up killing Hansen. And I killed Killian. Well, Pepper killed him.  He had enhanced Pepper. I found a way to reverse the effects, so no one else uses Extremis in our world.”
“Yeah,” Tony gasped, sniffling a little as he tried not to break down. Steve needed him to be strong. “We should.”
Tony leaned down to kiss him, savoring the way their lips met.
“But no one died?”
“Tony…”
Steve beamed down at him, his lopsided grin positively glowing in the light from the hydroponics. “Thank you…” he whispered.
“That’s fine.”
Steve’s legs moved without his permission. He found himself walking towards the plane.
The days were spent memorizing corridors and perfecting his impression of Stark. He spooked a few people, even gaining a wary look from Steve at one point, causing him to drop the act instantly. He had it down. He was ready, even if he wasn’t happy about it.
He turned, looked at Steve pointedly, and walked out. “Best of luck, Stark. We’re counting on you.”
Steve looked him over for a moment, managing a small smile.  “I hope you like blue.”
When the last desperate word fell from Steve’s lips, Tony caught it up and carried it between them in a searing and loving kiss.
“What are you willing to do…?” Steve breathed shakily.
He had probably been in denial for years, but he was in love with the stupid guy.  This had just forced him to realize it.
bad.  Sorry,” he hissed, mentally berating himself.
Tony shook his head, sitting gingerly on the end of the bed, his eyes unfocused on a point on the floor.  He sucked in a deep breath, rubbing his fingers against the material of the flag. It soothed him a little.
But… this was Tony. Somehow, it felt like telling a story of them.
“He’s gone, isn’t he?” Steve murmured.
“HE’S GOT A GUN!!”
Furrowing his brow, Tony tilted his head.  “Did he tell you about the palladium problem?” he asked, knowing he had kept that a complete secret.  No one ever knew how close he had come to dying from metal poisoning. Maybe they suspected, but he hadn’t told them just how sick he had been.
Steve sighed, shaking his head.  “Maybe…”
“SHIELD Headquarters. The year is 2022, in what you’re gonna see as an alternate reality. Relax, Stark, you’re gonna make yourself sick,” Fury informed him calmly.  He waved the nervous technicians to continue with their work. Behind them, the mechanical beast slowly powered down, leaving the cave in silence.
He resisted the urge to press a kiss into Tony’s temple. He just held him close. That was all his Tony had wanted, too…
Tony tiredly watched Steve and Bruce go, his eyes following Steve until he was gone.
“Yeah, sure…” Sam sighed, taking the much-too-hot coffee out of the microwave. “Milk’s in the fridge. Steve awake yet?”
Tony closed his eyes and tears slipped down his cheeks as he sniffled softly.  “Its match is… buried…” he murmured, running his fingers along the cool brass. “But... he asked me to do something for him.  Did you see that in your dreams too?”
They interlaced their fingers, shoulders touching, and walked in.
Suddenly — from its honorary place on the table — Steve’s burner phone buzzed.
he was in pain.  He felt like he had been hit by a truck.
He breathed in deeply, his thumb rubbing over Steve’s stomach absentmindedly. “How did
Getting pulled into another reality was akin to opening a bottle of wine.  Only Tony was the cork. There was a lot of pain, a lot of pressure, and suddenly a sucking sound as time and space twisted and broke and…
Steve pressed a gentle, lingering kiss to the arc reactor. “I missed you…” he whispered, the soft blue light illuminating his features as he gazed down at Tony.
This Tony sitting in front of him now… he looked younger, even though he wasn’t much older than the Tony Stark that Steve had met in that back room at the YMCA. There was a difference. This wasn’t the same person. He knew that.  But Steve had saved that blanket. He kept it for over twelve years. He never entertained the thought of throwing it away. Not now. Not ever. Right now, he was just lending it to the original owner. That was all…
Steve looked him up and down for a moment…
pulled a knife from where it was embedded in his boot.  It was a last resort, something he designed for emergencies. The repulsors and other weapons might hurt Steve further.
Steve almost looked apologetic. “SHIELD has a few contained viruses that he designed, and an early version of Ultron’s master satellite,” he confessed. “The information density is insane. Not a lot of our technicians managed to get very far, and it’s not much to compare with what he’s created since then, but Bruce got the farthest out of anyone. He said that if you got access to the blueprints you might be able to think of what improvements would hypothetically have been made by this time. What kind of upgrades would a paranoid Tony Stark have come up with? That sort of thing.”
Sam took a pot of cold coffee off the counter, poured a bit into a mug, and stuck it in the microwave. The witching hour was approaching in London, close to three o’clock in the morning, and while no one in their right minds would be drinking coffee the three rogues — Natasha, Steve, and he — had practically become nocturnal in their time on the run.
Steve was on the ground, clinging to the end of his arm that was much too short now. His shield lay on the ground a few paces away with the blackened remains of a once mighty limb, blasted clear of his body.
“You met right before the Chitauri attacked?” Steve asked, looking down at him in surprise.  He smiled faintly, massaging that one sore spot that his Tony had always complained about. “How did that work out? Tensions must have been high.”
Sam shook his head, brows furrowed in worry. “That guy’s been sleeping almost nonstop ever since we got here. It’s been a
about Steve.  It didn’t matter that this wasn’t the Steve from his reality– it was still
Steve returned, looking unsure of himself.  Poor guy. He was in the dark and Tony was just freaking out on him...
for him to say yes.
Steve started slightly at the outburst. He followed the man’s eyes, over to where he was looking. “Oh. I read about it in the dossier,” he admitted, lowering his voice as he sat back. “My— the other Tony never told me about it, so I had to find out secondhand. It stands for Advanced Idea Mechanics… started as a think tank in the early nineties, but Stark Industries absorbed it and paired it up with a research project developed by someone named… Hansen? Yeah… Whatever they created, it’s become bleeding edge medical technology, able to regrow entire limbs, but apparently it has side effects with certain people. Enhanced side effects. They put trackers in the people that’re enhanced, and the tattoos became a trend…”
“… A little less than a year.”
Nick offered Tony a hand up.  “Hey. You must have a lot of questions.  We can answer all of them.”
“Then what’s the problem?” Tony asked, stopping momentarily anyway.
Since the loss of his dominant hand, Steve had had to teach himself to draw again.  It used to be easier, feeling the light carving of graphite against the paper, layering gentle shadows and planning for colors.  The end result now wasn’t as nice as something he might have done eleven or twelve years ago… but Steve still managed to sketch out the visage of a soft, melancholy Tony, wishing him good night with that stupid little nickname.
“It’s not,” Fury replied bluntly.  “But it might be a blessing in disguise.  In three days, we’re going to distribute water and supplies and shut down all systems except life support.  In the meantime, while Doctor Banner is working on your lighting project, Captain Rogers will be taking you topside.”
Home to one of the best and sweetest "I love you" monologues we've ever written. <3
Tony let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding.  His eyes glanced sideways at Steve. “We’ve seen lots of crazy,” he reminded, shrugging slightly.
Steve’s smile faltered for a moment, gazing at him intently.
He swallowed… not knowing whether to kiss him or apologize…
Stark was going for the helepad.
Steve chuckled and held his face between his hands, almost playfully squishing his cheeks.  “I’m glad.”
He sucked in a breath, like he could steal the air from Tony’s lungs and breathe for them both. “We shouldn’t…”
“I don’t think it’s mono…” the assassin murmured softly, remembering the one time she had walked in when Steve was awake. He had been curled up in the corner, crying his eyes out and trying so desperately to stay quiet. Like he was mourning.
Steve didn’t try to wrap his mind around what had just happened. He knew that if he tried, he would shatter from the raw tension of it all, and he couldn’t do that right now. Tony needed him.
A chill ran down Tony’s spine and he shuddered, a haunted look glazing over his eyes. Just the mention of his name made him feel dirty and like he needed to crawl out of his skin. He didn’t say anything, but his breathing shortened in response, like the kid that tries to stay quiet under the covers so that the monsters don’t find you.
caves.  “Why am I here?” he finally demanded.
He felt his body pulled down and onto the cot that served as a bed.  Tony instinctively curled into Steve’s embrace, not even questioning the possible problems that could arise from intimacy.  He had loved his Steve, and his heart had broken when he had chosen Bucky over their friendship. Maybe they could have had more.  He didn’t know. Maybe if he hadn’t given Steve an ultimatum, he could have kept him...
Tony watched Fury walk off and shook his head. “That man is infuriating in any reality,” he commented before glancing over at Steve. He pursed his lips and rocked on the balls of his feet.  “Lead on.”
The spray from the water met Tony’s ears.
Tony looked up at Steve sadly.  “No,” he managed to choke out in a whisper.  He could see the devastation in the man’s eyes.
Steve smiled softly, feeling that warm pressure at the back of his eyes and just letting it go.  He felt the tears flow freely and met Tony’s lips with his own once more. He picked him up – wrapping his lover’s legs around his waist – and carried him to bed.
A couple hours later, Tony stood on shaky legs as the jet taxied at the London City Airport.  He hadn’t even bothered to change out of SHIELD jumpsuit that he had arrived back to this reality in.  He still wore the ring and he brought the flag, thinking it might be useful for an explanation but really just not ready to part with it yet.  He looked haggard, a bit skinnier than he had been when he had left. At least his eyes weren’t red from crying anymore.
“Tony…?” Steve whispered.
Tony was a bit surprised about just how sexy it was when Steve slipped into his old accent. He didn’t mention it though.
Tony took the forceps and carefully grasped it, trying not to wince in anticipation…
without knowing what this version of himself had become.
He was in a world of darkness.
Steve glanced back at Tony reassuringly. “Try to relax, sweetheart,” he murmured, even though the tension in his shoulders was unbearable as he took his lover’s hand. “Act excited. Most people are when they’re on vacation. Marvel at the technology, do what comes easy. Blend in. Our people have done this before.”
Surprisingly, it was that reaction that snapped Tony back into his snarky self.
“Where the hell am I?” Tony rasped, getting up without taking Fury’s hand.  He hunched in on himself with another wince.
Steve looked up at that.  He started to ask something else, but he closed his mouth after a second, rethinking his words.
Stark made a sound of disgust.
The assassin almost answered it herself, but the moment she felt the weight of that phone in her hand, she hesitated. She was silent for a moment… then she quickly got up and hurried to Steve’s room.
“Can I get some of that?”
Deja vu hit him hard and he was suddenly standing at the front desk in Wakanda, schmoozing over the concierge.  And then the green atrium faded and he was standing in a normal London hotel. Tony gasped in a breath and turned away from the front desk, not wanting anyone to see the look on his face.
Tony paled slightly, memories of Afghanistan itching at the back of his mind.  He tried to force them down. He swallowed and gave Steve a weak smile, tapping his arc reactor, his fingers making a dull thud against it.  “Built in nightlight,” he reminded Steve. “Thanks for the heads up,” he added, not realizing that his fingers had pulled the blanket around himself a little more tightly.
“London,” Steve told him, not even hesitating. He rubbed at his eyes, darting into the bathroom and quickly splashing his face with cold water. “I’ll meet you at London City Airport. Blue scarf, black coat.”
Tony furrowed his brows further at the idea of going “topside.”  The idea of being out in the open was both worrying and exciting.  He wanted to see what this world looked like, even if it was under his other self’s control.  Actually, the technology might be even more fantastic without anyone in his way…. No, he shouldn’t think that way.  Nothing was worth what had happened here. But still, he was interested in seeing it all and he was breathing easier now that he knew he wouldn’t be trapped in the dark for days.
Tony hit the rocky floor of an echoing cavern, the roar of a machine screaming against the walls.  His brain felt like it had been scattered against the inside of his skull, his head spinning nauseatingly and his chestpiece on the fritz, his heart stuttering under the flickering arc-reactor until it finally glowed calmly.  His heart was still pounding, but at least cardiac arrest wasn’t in his near future.
“Just… give it some thought,” she murmured.
Steve immediately took his foot off the gas, looking sheepish as he shifted gears.  “Torque-y.”
For a few seconds, the cave was silent but for the hum of the machines…
The mission is finished.
Tony listened intently, his heart clenching in a good sort of way when Steve said that he loved him.  Any version of him.
Steve smiled to himself. “Like riding a bike.”
Steve breathed into the defined lines of Tony’s muscular back, thighs clenched as he rolled his hips into him…
“Gun!”
He looked back at Steve, pointing at Tony. “Look what alternate reality the Avengers Initiative actually worked out in!”
however…
He glanced at Steve.  “Product of Wakanda or other me?” he asked, wondering who got the credit for this.
For a moment, the air was so tense that they could have cut it with a knife.
“You’re perfect,” Tony repeated, brown eyes locked with blue. It was the closest he would come to saying what he really meant. I love you. Tony always had trouble expressing his feelings verbally, but he tried to physically.
All at once, the floodgates opened up.  Tony’s face screwed up as he felt his heart break open once again.  He couldn’t hide the sob that Steve would be able to hear.
Steve sighed, pulling Tony a little closer. “It’s okay…” he mumbled. It was so strange to have light in his room… so bizarre to see something. Someone. Part of him wondered if it was a dream. He’d had dreams that felt realer…
“I know…” Steve whispered.  “I know... but even after all this, I’m still wondering if he can’t be saved.  It’s pathetic, Tony. This isn’t…”
Tony sighed.  His life was a mess in any reality, it appeared.  He was tired. He didn’t want to relive his sordid past.
“Yeah, traveled there a lot.  Do you?” Tony asked, smiling as Steve left him in the dust.  He chuckled and quickened his pace, but didn’t run; his stitches were tugging even at the speed he was going.
“Nothing. At least not with kissing…” Steve murmured.
in a reality that could have been his to finally make him realize that.  God, he was an idiot and an asshole.
Tony watched him carefully, seeing the slight blush to his cheeks, the way his chest rose and fell quickly as he tried to explain himself, the way he ran his tongue over his lips nervously.  Tony was about to let it go, agree that it was for the best, when Steve’s eyes met his. Blue eyes that were all the brighter with the arc reactor illuminating them. His breath caught. Everything in his brain yelled that he shouldn’t do it.
“They caught him. During his first escape attempt. Forced him to build the missile again and when he refused… they weren’t accommodating,” Steve murmured. “But their mistake was doing his punishment in public. Satellite images caught it. It still took a few months for Colonel Rhodes to get permission to mount an escape attempt.”
Tony’s pupils were pinpoints as he looked at Steve, his breathing coming out in uneven gasps.  He gripped Steve’s hand, listening to the sound of his voice attempting to soothe him. His pupils slowly started to dilate, his breathing evening out.  “Stupid… cave…” Tony huffed, closing his eyes for a moment before looking back at Steve. His heart rate began to slow down just a bit.
The shower cut off.
Steve hesitated, eyes flickering down to Tony’s chest.
Tony felt his leather belt strain and snap, cast aside along the rocks with an echoing rattle.
“He meant it.  And I…”
“Hey, hey!” Steve whispered, sitting up.  He gently gripped the back of Tony’s neck, cradling the base of his skull and softly pressing his forehead up against Tony’s.  The cool blue light fluttered over them both, shadows cast into the corners of the room as he kept Tony still. What he wouldn’t have given for another hand…
Smut.  Sweet, intense, emotional smut, with a brief interruption by an unexpected guest.
A gasped laugh of elation left his lips and he nodded, smiling brightly.  “I can make us rings again. One that won’t leave our fingers green.” Maybe he hadn’t experienced it firsthand, but Steve had dreamt it.  He had seen it all. Steve was Steve, and it didn’t matter the reality, just as Tony had been Tony, regardless of the different choices made.
Time stood still for Tony.
Tony could hear the exhaustion in his voice, and though he was tired too, he was used to not sleeping.  He contemplated the question, not answering for a few moments.
I’m sure,” Tony breathed, his hand sliding behind Steve’s neck, kissing him again.  Tears slid down his cheeks but he was so relieved, so happy. He had felt such sorrow and now he felt joy again.  He didn’t care what it took to make this relationship work. He would give everything. He would give all that he was.
This was
Steve stared at Tony, wide-eyed as the man laughed radiantly. It stole his breath away… and for a moment his mind abandoned him.  He moved forward, drawing in breath as his lips barely brushed Tony’s— then he stopped, quickly pulling away less than an inch from kissing him.
Instead he focused on memorizing the paths they walked, trying to get a feel for the layout.
“How long?” Steve asked softly. “How long were you in that place?”
Steve stood there for a moment, not wanting to leave… but eventually he managed to give Tony a nod, and go back through the tiny hallway, back to his own room. Somehow it felt lighter, brighter than it normally did. Steve smiled quietly to himself, then he ducked under his cot, fetching his watercolors.
Tony swiped at his eyes a little, and when he pulled his hand back, he suddenly felt the softness of lips barely flitting across his.  Tony’s eyes opened wide, brows shooting up.
Tony was an incredible kisser. He always was.
Somehow, Steve felt a slow, genuine smile spread across his lips. He beamed down at the floor, then back up at Tony. He knew he was being selfish, and stupid, trying to taste a piece of his old life. This wouldn’t end well. Not for anyone. Least of all for him.
I-I…”
Steve unconsciously watched Tony’s hands smooth over the soft blanket, something in his cold heart tingling back to life at the sight.
“Friday… don’t call me ‘boss’ ever again.”
Steve quickly disassembled his kit and hid the unfinished picture under his bed.
Finally, Steve found his voice, straightening his spine and looking forward. “He had been buying up small countries, giving them defense technology in exchange for their economy and loyalty when the time came,” he told Tony, not making eye contact. “His net worth was through the roof, higher than anyone in history because of that. SHIELD didn’t find out how he was doing it until he’d liquidated the entire American government and proposed a world merger. No more borders or individual countries. A lot of people didn’t agree. SHIELD finally decided he was too dangerous… so they sent the Avengers to talk him down or neutralize him, if need be.”
Steve shook his head somberly. “No. I had to find out by myself,” he murmured. “He was trying to break up with me and I didn’t understand why. Once I did find out… he tried to push me away. I didn’t let him.”
Steve stuffed his hand into his pocket, almost self-consciously.  “In your… reality. What’s it like over there?” he asked quietly. “You said the Avengers Initiative worked out?”
Steve stared at him in disbelief.  “What?”
“They do offer tours.  They only go through decoy sections of the building – Stark’s original lab, the fake core of Ultron, things like that – because they’re made to be bait for people like us.  People scoping out the place,” Steve murmured. “But you’ve seen those old sections of the building in the blueprints. I’m sure your big brain can connect the hallways once you have a sense of distance.”
“I’d like you to be in charge if you’re up for it. I noticed there were a bunch of LED lamps and such in storage and some of them aren’t that terrible fluorescent white either. I figured we could replace the fluorescents with those and rewire the system to use my arc reactor as its power source. The power usage should be minimal enough that you can run them 24/7 for decades on the reactor. No more blackouts. And that’ll free up energy for other things. Maybe Nintendo in the break room.”
Steve tried to keep his bad arm at his side, making his best attempt not to touch him with the dull edge. He nipped and kissed a trail up Tony’s spine, breathing hard as he finally found that sensation he’d been seeking after… Slow, rough friction at the core of the person he loved most. His rhythm eased, contented and pleased sounds pushed from his chest with each roll of his hips. Through the haze of pleasure, he made it a challenge to drag slowly across Tony’s prostate every time, whispering praise and compliments under his breath as time passed.
Meanwhile, Tony looked up to see if Steve was still there.  Somehow, the room felt a little more dreary.
Steve bit his lip, grinning to himself as he held Tony’s arms close to him. He took a deep breath and settled, breathing in the scent of his lover’s pillow. He tried to relax…
Steve smiled slightly, feeling like his heart had broken down the middle.  He couldn’t tell if he was sad or relieved or… or just both.
Steve couldn’t look at Tony.  “I want it,” he admitted, feeling like the weight of the world had finally eased off his shoulders.  “But… if it weren’t for him, would we still be here? Would you even want me like that. After everything.  I hurt you, Tony.”
“He — you — Tony… he pulled me out of the wreckage afterwards, gave me a tongue lashing, then kissed me,” Steve murmured, smiling bittersweetly to himself. “He refused to let me leave him alone… and even though it all took me by surprise, I didn’t want to. We talked… we slept together… we stayed together.”
He couldn’t hold it together.  He had seen the love of his life buried, he died in his arms, and here he was again.  Whole. Tony’s eyes darted to Steve’s left hand and saw that it was flesh and blood, still intact.  His arm was fine. Of course it was. But still….
“Can we play hooky for the rest of the day?” he almost begged, deepening the kiss.
The metal closed gingerly around a material like diamond.
He returned the smile as best he could, unfolding the blanket.  “Night, capsicle…”
Steve sunk his fingers into Tony’s hair, breathing in his scent, his taste, everything. “I mean…” he whispered breathlessly, pulling away just enough to look up at him, a trace of mischief in his somber blue eyes. “You deserve a turn…”
….  He wanted that word tattooed on their lips by the time he was done kissing him.
“He was brainwashed.  You knew that. …I couldn’t see past my anger.”
His expression fell as he considered the implications.  “Did Ultron kill him?” he asked quietly.
The crew finally opened the door and Tony practically tripped down the stairs to get his feet on the tarmac.  His eyes scanned in every direction, looking for Steve.
As soon as he arrived back in his reality, he felt rooted to the spot, his eyes fixed on the flip-phone.
“Let’s go,” he blurted in a hushed tone, not caring that they weren’t done shopping just yet.
In the haze of bliss, it took Tony a couple of seconds to realize that Steve was perturbed about something. “Hmm?” he asked lazily, catching Steve’s look and following his gaze to…
Blinking at his lover, Tony gave a nod.  “Yeah… it is. He puts a little bit of orange juice in it and mint,” he confirmed.  “And he has three kids,” he added, now wondering what few dreams he had might have a connection here.  Most of his dreams were nightmares...
“We’re both broken,” Tony gasped against Steve’s mouth, his hands cradling his face.  “Let’s heal each other,” he begged, his eyes searching Steve’s, hoping,
Tony sucked in a deep breath through his nose.  “And what if I can’t? I had a team before,” he asked, glancing at Steve a little skeptically.  He had a feeling that even though they needed him, they wanted nothing to do with him. What had his counterpart
…” he whispered. “No matter where you come from, you’re just… you’re Tony. You’re snarky and unbearable sometimes and you make my life miserable. But I love Tony Stark.”
Steve interlaced their fingers, eyes cast down at their gleaming brass rings. “I know…”
The man in front of him transformed and it left Tony a little breathless.  The creases in his face smoothed. His eyes didn’t look so dead. Then he smiled at him and called him a name he hadn’t heard in ages.  If he hadn’t known better, he would have thought his reactor just had a short. But no, he felt a different kind of pain in his chest.
Tony groaned in appreciation, his massage feeling oh-so-good. “It was tense,” he agreed. “We spent a good deal of the time bickering until I finally realized he was the natural leader and he should call the shots. Then it went more smoothly.”
“You son of a BITCH!  THERE WERE KIDS IN THERE!!” Tony roared, getting up violently and striding towards Stark.
“Were we… something? In your reality…?” Steve murmured.  It might ruin the mood, but he couldn’t care. There was an unbearable amount of tenderness in Tony’s touch… He had to know.
“Stop what?” Tony replied, continuing to give Steve a hickey.  He really didn’t give a care what kind of message it sent. He just wanted to lavish Steve with attention and ecstasy… and
Steve pulled in a deep breath, then hesitated. The silence stretched on, but strangely enough, the tension eased from his shoulders, knowing that Tony was on the line. That he was alive, that he wanted to see him. For the previous month, Steve had been having dreams that felt more real than anything he experienced in his waking hours. And Tony had been in every single one of those dreams. Wearing a dusty blue jumpsuit with the SHIELD insignia. Sharing his bed. Falling in love with him. Everything he’d never dared allow himself to think about, ever since their victory over the Chitauri…
People screamed and scattered as a man drew a weapon, aiming it at Stark and opening fire.  Tony hit the ground immediately, looking to make sure Steve had done the same. The man strafed indiscriminately, just trying to get Stark as best he could.
Tony’s eyes widened in surprise.  He didn’t expect anger to be Steve’s first reaction.  Tony put his arm around Steve, holding him in case he decided to jump up and confront Fury right that second.  In fact, he had completely forgotten that he now had strength to rival Steve’s, and the act was mainly symbolic in his mind.  “He said that I was distracting you from getting the job done and that I was going to get you killed,” Tony told him, not going to lie now.
Tony glanced at Steve.  “Like what?” he asked, a tension to his shoulders.
Steve pulled Tony close, laying down behind him and cradling him against his chest. “Mediterranean tourist. Black hair, brown eyes, kinda dusky skin. They said it’ll give us options on what relationship we want to portray while we’re up there.”
“Breathe.  Just breathe.  It’s okay…” he murmured.  “It’s okay. I’m here, it’s fine, you’re okay…”
Steve’s lips curved up against the back of Tony’s neck. “I’m sure they meant whether we wanted to be posing as brothers, or family members. Something like that,” he murmured affectionately, pressing a kiss against Tony’s shoulder. “That’s pretty cheesy of you. That you’ll miss my eyes… Figured you as a fellow that preferred a caboose to look at.”
“When you get back, take him on a date, okay?” Steve mumbled sleepily, holding him even closer. “I’m pretty sure he’ll say yes~”
Tony gave Steve a look and headed to the bathroom, stepping in and looking around, thankful that it was empty.  He waited for Steve to enter before locking the door, a frown on his face.
He stopped kissing him, just enough to yank his shirt up over his shoulders and cast it aside. He wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him close, kissing a soft trail down the man’s neck.
Bruce looked at him in surprise.  “Really? That’s… actually really nice of you, Tony.  Wow… Yeah, I’m sure everyone would be excited about that.  Thank you. But I mean…”
Tony watched him leave again and tried to focus on the files.  Working helped. He had almost calmed himself down when the lights suddenly turned off.
Steve couldn’t look at him. “I know,” he murmured. “It’s… just been a long time. I didn’t… didn’t mean to. I understand if… no, I get it. I won’t do it again.”
Steve smiled, eyes glimmering with nostalgia. “There were a lot of those,” he admitted. “Just one time, huh…?”
Tony witnesses the destruction of the Avengers.
“Here.”
Steve shook his head. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “Fury kept that information to himself… but if he has more, he’s putting them to use. It’s the way he works…”
Finally, Steve released him carefully and turned to the door.  “C’mon.”
He kissed him again.
Tony shut up, not saying anything else as he followed Steve down the poorly lit hallway.  The whole place was depressing. Every penny they had must go to keeping themselves alive and getting rid of… him.  No room for fixing lights or peeling paint.
“What’s wrong, Tony?” he murmured thickly, keeping his voice down, trying to keep the tears and worry out of his face. This couldn’t have anything to do with his dreams. This was reality. It was impossible. But something was very wrong, and he’d promised…
He looked up into Tony’s eyes. “I promise.”
Tony sighed, running his hand through his hair.  “It did. For a while. But after we took out Ultron… the world thought it should be keeping a better eye on us.  Governments, actually, the UN in particular. I agreed. You… your other you… thought that we could police ourselves and that governments weren’t to be trusted.  It split our team in half. And we fought over it.”
Then, he shifted, not even turning his head to give Tony a cursory glance, and tapped against the table.  A holographic screen popped up and he turned, watching Tony’s expression.
Steve spotted the camera and smirked, pressing a gentle kiss to Tony’s knuckles. The green eyes of his disguise were soft and warm with affection.
Steve smiled faintly at the look on Tony’s face.  “Okay.”
He pressed a kiss to Steve’s forehead, resting his chin on top of his head as he hugged him.
He showed Tony down the tiny hallway, almost having to sidle sideways to get through comfortably with his broad shoulders.
Meanwhile, his answer only made Tony’s head spin more.  “I really need to stop drinking,” Tony muttered, wishing he could attribute this to a drunken hallucination.  But he knew it wasn’t going to be that easy.
It was an idea he had dabbled in but he had never even attempted to ascertain if there really was such a thing.  Apparently there was.
Steve lead him wordlessly off the tarmac.
“He said that too.”
It surged through him willingly, Steve shuddering as the dam broke and pleasure pulsed through him, leeching the strength from his body as only satisfaction could.  Almost immediately he knew it wouldn’t last, that he would crave more… but Tony had promised. That would have to be enough. That would have to be enough for now…
He turned from the stall to plant a kiss on him when he froze, his face paling instantly and a look of shock registering on his features as he looked over Steve’s shoulder.
There was a long, pregnant pause, as the air in the room seemed to drop ten degrees.  Stark’s face had gone completely blank.
“Sweetheart…”
His arc reactor glowed pitifully across the files strewn in front of him, casting them in an eerie, blue light.  He heard a clanking that echoed against the cavern walls, maybe metal doors being shut somewhere, and the sound reminded him far too much of the sounds of captivity.  Tony started breathing harder, his breaths coming out in gasps after a moment.
But those little butterflies in his stomach were worth the pain.
Bucky and Steve teamed up on him onscreen, their enhanced, adrenaline-spiked bodies doing all that they could to subdue the armored man. Siberia flew to the front of his mind; the coordination and desperation for survival, tossing the shield between the both of them until Stark managed to get in a shot.
Steve took Tony’s hand, interlacing their fingers as they walked between the stalls. He still bore the weight of his decision, but with his lover close, he could hold it on his shoulders now. Whenever they paused to look at new fruits, Tony putting a few in the basket, Steve couldn’t help but just look at him, smiling softly as the rest of the world faded away.
He looked up, blinking as he returned to this reality.  A few moments later, Steve emerged in his undershirt and sweatpants, still warm and steaming from the hot water. He glanced at Tony, then tossed the towel into the hamper and stood there.  It couldn’t be more obvious that the soldier didn’t quite know what to say. Where to even begin.
no, sorry.  Bad idea.
Tony couldn’t mention the tape.
Wrapping the blanket around him and inhaling Steve’s scent without realizing he was doing so, Tony opened up a third file and began pursuing it.  A lot of it was what Steve had summarized for him, but there were added pieces about what this reality’s Tony was up to, his demeanor, and even blueprints of his buildings in Wakanda, where he would have to go shut down Ultron.  He would have to memorize these pathways.
Bruce shrugged good-naturedly. “Alright. I’ll go get the next set.”
Steve wrapped his arms around him, holding him close.  His eyes were unfocused, dark, aimed at the far wall but seeing nothing.
Steve didn’t react, for a long moment…
Steve gasped against Tony’s lips just before their mouths locked again, tongues sliding warmly against one another as he pushed his hand underneath Tony and lifted almost all of his body weight with one hand. Staying inside him, Steve felt the angle, the heat, the tightness shift as his cock rubbed brutally up against Tony’s prostate. His shaft bent slightly, yanking a gasp and a muffled cry of sensation from both of them as fireworks burst behind their eyes. Steve moaned, deep and long, like some animal in heat…
Tony whined, wanting to stay in the warm embrace forever. Instead, he pressed a kiss to Steve’s temple and got up, sliding on the bracelet and getting dressed. He was ready to go quickly, if a bit somber. That would have to change; they still had appearances to keep up.  “Breakfast and then get this over with? Or just go there first so we can relax?” Tony asked, even if his stomach was growling. They had skipped a couple meals, but then again they were used to eating less underground.
Damn, he’d break his promise. He wasn’t going to see him again, was he...?
So much sweetness.  So much.  (Just one more chapter to go, and that's the epilogue!!)
He sobbed again, shaking his head as if trying to shake himself into stopping. “I’m so sorry. It wasn’t worth it. I-I thought I was doing the right thing,” he explained, gasping for air as his words ran together.
“Why are you bringing me into this?  Where is your Tony?” Tony snapped agitatedly.
Steve gasped, dazed.  Despite it all, despite everything, he found himself grabbing onto Stark’s body.  “N-No, no… no…!” he gasped.
The door groaned shut behind them with a sound of finality. The obscuring rock slid back into place, its surrounding holograms flickering to life.
He smiled bittersweetly…  Then, a distant alarm sounded.
He had just come out of the ice. Tony had just returned from a year of captivity in Afghanistan.
Tony took in the surroundings.  He knew that Rogers had attended art school, and he figured he had been the one to paint the pictures that were put up.  He wondered why some had been purposefully taken down. Hell, he wondered where he got the supplies. Did they let Cap spend money for it for his help?  Or did he steal them so that he didn’t go crazy? A half dozen other scenarios flitted through his mind until Steve broke the silence.
Black humor twisted the corner of Steve’s mouth slightly.  It had been ten years and it still felt like yesterday. Sometimes he would wake up in the middle of the night, clench a phantom fist, convinced that it all had been some horrible nightmare… only to see the threads of silver in his hair and the stump and slowly sink back into cold reality.
Now he definitely felt sick.  Tony pulled back the covers -- spotting the clean, surgical-looking scar just under his ribs, no doubt where the tracker had been inserted.  Clothes were laid out for him to wear.
Natasha’s expression sombered even more, her once crimson hair closer to blonde now, in the flickering incandescent lights of their third-rate motel. “He was. For about ten minutes yesterday…”
His dark, lonely blue eyes trained on Tony’s chapped, imperfect, beautiful lips. Breathless and craving another kiss. Craving more. He wanted to feel him, touch him,
Tony nodded, his eyes watery with unshed tears.  How many times had he cried? How did he still have tears left to shed?
“Tell me a time you were truly happy,” he whispered.  He needed that.
He beckoned Steve over. “Captain Rogers will show you where you’ll be sleeping. He’ll also be your personal escort wherever you need to go, or provider of any extra details you might be curious about. Your access to many areas of the base is restricted. Feel free to speak to any of the Avengers that you see in the compound, but steer clear of the staff and don’t expect an overly warm welcome at first. There are some ugly memories here.”
“Tony, what’s going on?” Steve demanded, wild-eyed. “I-I….”
“Do you know enough about Chicago to answer questions about it if someone asks?” he asked, distracted.
Steve smiled slightly down at Tony. “Get some sleep, shellhead…”
“H-hey b–buddy,” he sniffled, realizing that this Steve wouldn’t understand why Tony would call him ‘baby.’
He leaned down, capturing Tony’s warm, abused mouth and silently wondering what was going through his head. Steve’s brain was spinning a mile a minute. This was all too real. He wasn’t sure he was ready… but Tony was here, now. He wasn’t about to let his Iron Man go again.
The super soldier bit his lip to stop the torrent of words from spilling out. He looked down at his palms, struggling not to scratch at his right arm. The missing arm that wasn’t missing.
Steve took Tony’s hand, guiding him into a clumsy spin. He messed it up slightly, watching with a giggle as Tony had to hold onto him, turning in his arms. “Godspeed your love to me– oh my god, I told you I can’t dance…” he chuckled.
Morning came too early, once again.
He leaned forward to kiss him again -- and then his
A sigh left Tony’s lips as Steve carefully embraced him, his chest aching so brutally bittersweet.
Steve rested his head on the man’s shoulder. “I love Tony Stark…” he breathed softly. “You’re different but you’re the same and I want everything that makes you
He clutched the flag to his chest a little tighter, wavering on fear of being rejected.  But Steve had made him promise to reach out to him in this reality. He wouldn’t let his husband down.
Steve swallowed, eyes lingering on the toned chest and warm, olive skin that tempted him like an open canvas.  He couldn’t help but smile a little bit, reaching around to jostle Tony with his good arm. “Wake up, shellhead…” he mumbled, giving him a gentle, playful smack on the cheek.  “We have to get you some clothes before we can eat.”
He offered the too-large, warm coat to Tony. “If you want it…”
He hadn’t slept a wink.
… it would mean a lot."
Steve beamed down at his husband, bright and excited.  “We’re married…! I’m… I’m happy… I’m really happy, Tony.  Thank you…”
The video started with only two people in the room.
The concierge brightened, her teeth almost blindingly white and perfect against her dark skin and full lips.  “Hello! Welcome to the Skytouch Grand Hotel. My name is Imani. Do you have a reservation?”
“I know…” Steve whispered, his voice low and husky.
Finally holding the flag in both hands, he looked at it for another moment before placing it on the bed in the space between them.  “That was… for the other you,” he explained, his throat clenching and making it hard for him to speak.
“You had a team?” Fury repeated, raising a brow.
Tony breathed Steve in, arching against him as he craved more, needing to be close as they kissed.  Their mouths explored and tasted and touched, starving for the other. “Terrible idea,” Tony added as he gasped for a breath, diving back in and nibbling on Steve’s bottom lip, his hands moving at his waist and pushing up his shirt to feel his warm, muscular chest underneath.
His hand fell on the blanket and it felt and looked like the best thing they had around.  He wondered why Steve went to the trouble of getting that for him when he had lost so much due to the other him.  “Thanks. This looks warm.”
Opening his eyes once more, Tony relaxed a bit, imagining the scenario.  It made him smile a little.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony tensed.  He couldn’t sit idly by anymore.
called for reason and he stopped, resting his forehead against Steve’s.  “Tell me that you want this. That you want
Steve tore his eyes off of Tony, glancing hollowly at the technicians.  “Did Ultron detect us?”
“We weren’t entirely sure.  SHIELD had to make an educated guess with the reality algorithm.  The age was easier to guess at, within the span of a decade, but it was just as possible that a 60-year-old was going to come out of that rift.  With our limited resources, we could only prepare so much. This makes it easier though… you’re about the same size.”
He took Tony’s palm, kissing the rough calluses that he knew by heart… and slowly pulled out of his husband.
Steve chuckled.  “I’m sure you’ll be able to figure it out faster than anyone,” he murmured.  “I have faith in you, genius. After all, a brain a lot like yours designed it.  Here.”
Tony thought back to when they had first met. “Since the Avengers were started. When Loki took the Tesseract,” he told Steve. He closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of Steve’s fingers running through his hair.
They emerged in a room that was barely ten feet square.  The walls were clean, but barren, with a cot tucked against the far wall.  The linens were haphazardly done, like someone had only been able to pull the sheets with one hand, but there was a warm comforter folded on top of the pillow.
His eyes flickered over the brunet’s haggard appearance. So terribly similar to the man from his dreams. And the flag, why the flag?
He sighed heavily, wrapped his good arm around Tony’s shoulders, and held him tight to his chest for a moment.  Tony was completely caught off guard by the hug; he stumbled slightly, landing him further against Steve’s chest. “Hey buddy,” he replied instinctively, patting his shoulder.
“This is ridiculous,” Steve teased, leaning down to nibble playfully at Tony’s ear.  He met his eyes almost shyly, trapped by deep wells of warm chocolate brown…
Finally, he sighed.  “Look, if I’m going to play spy, I need to know more about me,” he told Fury.  He wasn’t sure if he was going to fool
“That’s not exactly promising,” Steve commented quietly.
Steve pulled himself away, looking up into Tony’s face…
Steve startled awake, eyes flitting upward towards the source of the noise.  With the glow of the reactor below him, it threw ghastly shadows across Tony’s face; instinctively adrenaline rushed through him, a fight or flight response generated by the ghoulish visage before him, but all at once he saw Tony’s terrified expression and
Tony gave a nod from his place on the floor.  He pulled the folders together quickly, knowing that even if he was exhausted, he wouldn’t be able to sleep for a long while.
Fury nodded agreeably. “The files are in your room. Nothing fancy, I’m afraid. We had to go back to paper to avoid detection aboveground.”
He straightened up a little, squeezing his eyes shut and rubbing his forehead before cracking open his eyes once more to take in his surroundings a bit better.  At least the room had stopped moving. Or cave. A chill ran down his spine. He
Tony winced as Steve explained what had happened.  It sounded like something he might have done. Might do.  But he was starting to see that peace wasn’t good when it was at the cost of freedom; something Steve had taught him.  He felt responsible somehow. And he had never liked Barnes. He could tolerate him, but he didn’t think they would ever be friends.  He had a feeling Steve knew that in any reality. And then to take his shield… and the arm with it. Using it to promote peace while enslaving the entire world to his will with Ultron.  He now understood why his counterpart was hated.
All that was holding him back was one little word.
Stark -- wouldn’t exactly be keen on destroying his greatest creation.”
“I can’t…” Steve heard himself start to warn him.
Finally, he sighed and wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders, pulling him into a careful embrace. “There’s a hotel a few minutes down the highway,” he murmured softly in his ear. “We can talk there…”
“You ready for me to come out? Or do you want me to stay inside for a little bit…?” Steve asked quietly.
Tony sighed again, hoping he wouldn’t have had to answer that question.  “Barnes was framed for setting off a bomb at a conference and it killed the king of Wakanda.  You…
Steve beamed down at him, his fingers coming up to run through Tony’s hair. “You don’t look so bad yourself…” he murmured.
On the second ring, they each looked at the other. Sam gestured cluelessly for her to take it. Natasha rolled her eyes, but she still had to mentally prepare herself before she reached over to pick up the phone that been little more than a reminder of a painful split relationship. If Tony was calling though, it was important.
His voice had a flat, monotone quality to it and he had a haunted look in his eyes as he stared at a spot on the floor, not really seeing it as he tried to describe what had happened.
“Tony.  Tony’s fine.”
Steve shifted, taking a moment to collect his thoughts as he looked down at the steel grating beneath his boots. Having Tony so close, after so long, even if it wasn’t the one that had been born in this reality… it was jarring. What kind of world did he come from? What person was Tony comparing him with right now? Had they been friends in his reality? Maybe more? God, he wasn’t sure if he wanted to know...
“What kind of flowers?” Steve asked playfully.  “I refuse to have roses at our wedding. Maybe lilies.  Lilies are nice.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut and clutched the flag so tightly to his chest that it hurt.
He reached back up, holding Tony’s neck and kissing him back. Their tongues slid against each other, warm and intimate and hungry. Steve pulled away for air, the fireworks between them bright and startling, almost dazzling in the darkness. “Really bad idea…”
Taking in a deep breath, the brunet managed to speak.
“Wakanda?” he repeated, considering the implications.  So his alternate self had found a way to get control of the vibranium there...
Without hesitation, Steve’s hands went tenderly to his face, holding him as he leaned forward to capture his husband’s lips. He couldn’t help but smile.
This Steve had been hurt, in a lot of ways more than the Steve back in his reality, but either way, Tony was the one who had hurt him.  And he still wanted him.
“Huh.  Was expecting Baltimore, or more northern California.”
Steve laughed mirthlessly, nuzzling into Tony’s neck.  “We should go shopping first… get some food,” he murmured, trying to fix his frame of mind.  “I want to take you apart tonight in the best way… and I don’t want to have to stop to reactivate our disguises for room service.”
Fine.  Whatever.  He’d play along.  What choice did he have?
Reluctantly, Tony pulled himself off of Steve so they could get a better grip on the situation. “Hey, we both weren’t thinking. And I’m not ashamed of that. I’m glad this happened,” Tony told him, his hands cupping either side of his face, one thumb rubbing soothing circles against Steve’s face. “And I really don’t give a damn what they think of me. Can’t ruin my reputation anymore than it already has been. But I am worried about this affecting you,” he said, his brows furrowed a bit.
Twenty minutes passed as they hailed a taxi, slipping into one of thousands of tiny yellow cars and starting the long crawl through London traffic. It was a cool, rainy afternoon, the water soaking into Tony’s jumpsuit. Steve tried not to stare, but his efforts were in vain. Tony had tried not to stare.  He really did. But he couldn’t help glancing at Steve every few moments.
It was timeless and unchanging outside in the hallway, with constant, glaring lights casting blue-grey shadows across the concrete floor. It wasn’t entirely unlike a prison, all the way down to the grim expressions on the people that passed them.
Steve, on the other hand, lingered behind for his last few minutes of sunshine. He raised his face to that soft, coveted warmth, pulling Tony close to him.
He let out a breath he had been holding, pulling the glowing stone free of its casing.
Finding his hand, almost like a permanent worry stone he clutched, Tony squeezed Steve’s fingers once more. “Come on. You have to carry me over the threshold,” he teased, arching an eyebrow.
Steve’s unearthly howl stopped.
His Tony had had panic attacks too.  He had hated the dark…
Fury eyeballed the super soldier. “He’s sure as hell better than nothin’, Cap.”
“I…can’t…” Tony managed, his voice a bit disembodied.
His soft mouth caressed Steve’s lips, needing him to know that he was cherished. Tony’s fingers inched over to rest on his heart, feeling the steady beat underneath warm skin. Oh, how he wished he could somehow protect it.
it. It was easy for him to get fussy, but he sort of… got better. Therapy didn’t do much for him. It didn’t do much for me either. It’s not like anyone in our veteran group could understand or empathize with what happened to us… so, we stopped going. At least to the therapy group. We started… being friends. Friends that snapped back and forth at each other, but still friends.”
two end up getting together?”
They sat on the bed, the flag folded and weathered between them, until Steve found the strength to take in a breath. He rested his elbows on his knees, biceps rippling with tension.
“Call you what?”
“Is Fury going to give you hell for this?” he murmured quietly, looking at the symbol of their unbroken bond.
He still remembered the look in those angry, scared, overfull brown eyes as he’d pulled the shield from Tony’s armor, the blood and bruises on his face, and the shout that echoed through the bunker.
Tony smiled softly, his eyes welling a little over a memory that wasn’t his.  “Sounds like a great day,” he agreed, snuggling a little further into Steve. What would it have been like to have that?  How could something so happy make him
Cutting the lights.  In a cave. For six
Steve panted sharply against Tony’s hair, head falling back for a moment. “A-Ah…”
Steve smirked halfheartedly.  “You impressed? You’re not talking, so I assume you’re impressed.”
Tony pulled a face and groaned.  “Yes, I’ve seen Top Gun,” he answered unhappily, slumping onto the cot.  He was exhausted. Maybe getting sucked into a different reality had something to do with that.
Sam pressed a hand to his chest, eyes wide. “Sweet Jesus, Romanoff. Make some noise, will ya?”
He had this image of him trying to punch out Steve and breaking his hand in the process.  How Steve probably just stared at him, not the least bit hurt. Tony laughed harder, tears coming to his eyes.  Maybe his laughing was a bit on the hysterical side, a byproduct of all the stress he had been through that day, but god it felt good.  He was glad for it.
Tony felt Stark go limp in front of him.
Steve smiled softly up at the shelves of plants, his lashes lowered at half mast as he gently touched one of the newborn greens. His naked, callused fingertips trailed gingerly across the young leaves, almost like he was afraid to break it.  “They’re called dim sum units,” he smirked in amusement. “At first they were simulation sunlight, then sim sun, then dim sum and that one stuck. It’s stupid, but I kinda like it. People can come up here to get some vitamin D when they need it…”
He gently pulled Tony down, wishing for another hand to guide him down to the bed.  He smiled hesitantly, his fingers sliding down to Tony’s waist, helping him find a place next to him.
Tony wanted to hug him, hold him tightly and just use that embrace to feel better again, but he knew that their newfound relationship or whatever it was wouldn’t fly well.  He nodded, taking in a deep breath through his nose.
“Marry me again?” Steve breathed between kisses. “Maybe not right now, but… later?”
“It wasn’t Barnes’ fault.  The bomb. …Or….”
Steve chuckled breathlessly, sliding his arm around Tony and effortlessly pulling him up off the ground to nestle him in his lap. “Yes sir.”
Nick stepped forward, a brow raised critically down at Tony as he gave him a once over.  “Well, there isn’t a death beam coming down from the sky yet. I’ll call that a win,” he commented to the air.  The director of SHIELD waved off the gunbearers exasperatedly. “Give the man some air, wouldja?”
“Next please!”
“How long have you known each other?” Steve asked quietly, reaching up. His long, pale fingers played softly in Tony’s hair, a little thicker than what he was used to touching. But that wasn’t a bad thing, not at all…
He set up his easel, and began to sketch.
She only got halfway there when a shadow met her in the hall. She stopped, startled.
Steve grimaced at the thought.  “Yeah…”
The arc reactor is successfully removed in preparation for his mission, but then Tony gets some news that cuts his recovery time short.
Tony didn’t touch the food, silently awed by the interior.  “Friday, where is… Secretary Stark?” he asked. If he wanted a chance at getting a straight answer, it was best to use his proper name--
Their eyes met.
Steve felt his mouth curve up softly, looking down at his Tony…
“I should have known…” Steve whispered softly.  “I’m sorry, Tony…”
“The Righteous Brothers are going to be different to listen to now,” he commented, trying to lighten the mood.
Steve exhaled, relief washing over him like a rush of water.  For one perfect moment, everything felt like as it should be.
He looked down. “A fight broke out. Bucky was killed, and I lost my arm.”
Maybe a bit battered and worn, but his heart was still there.  His eyes were the same.
Tony panted rapidly on the floor, the water spraying in his face and vaguely reminding him of being waterboarded.  He just breathed harder, sputtering. But Steve’s quiet voice pulled him back. He blinked up at Steve, craning his head until his face was out of the stream, allowing him to breathe, if a bit raggedly from all the steam.
“I should’ve been there with him… but SHIELD told me to go with Pepper,” Steve murmured.
He pulled the grating open and gestured him forward.  “Your room is just down this way. Mine is attached. So if you have any questions, I’m within earshot.”
“It’s okay…” Steve murmured.  “Come here… no one’s going to hurt you.  I’m not going to hurt you...”
“I’m Christopher Evans, you’re Robert… Fluffy? No, Downey. That’s it.”
He hung up.  He pocketed the flip-phone.  “Friday, have Happy bring my car and have the jet ready to go at the airport in half an hour.”
Once Tony had joined him, the super soldier closed the door and pulled the lever, sending the elevator on its long crawl up a shaft that stretched into blackness and out of sight.  Steve looked up into the shadows for a moment, grimacing and rolling his shoulder. “We – him and the Avengers – only came to blows a decade ago. What was left of us was forced underground a few years later, but even before that… there were some mixed feelings.”
The sound of the shower mixed with the gentle, soothing sound of the rain on the roof. A warmth and quiet filled the hotel room, offsetting the electric charge in the air. It felt like the room itself knew the importance of the conversation they kept putting off. But it was close now, time ticking down…
“How long was he there?” he asked quietly, knowing that Steve had his counterpart in mind when he asked.
A gasp escaped from Tony’s lips and he turned, just staring at the man beside him.  “You… you
“Do you remember what I offered…?” Steve breathed, hands moving down Tony’s body, silently worshiping the movement of their hips.  “It was a while ago, but…”
That was three months after they’d met. They weren’t Iron Man, or Captain America. They were certainly an unlikely couple… but they weren’t anything like that yet. They enjoyed each other’s company, ever since their fourth week in a veteran therapy group together. Their relationship was rocky at first. A lot of sass and snark and all at once there was pain and confession and a need to be close.
“I need your love….  I need your love….” Tony murmured emphatically, pressing himself to Steve just in an attempt to be closer.  He felt like his heart might burst, it was so full. He pressed a kiss to Steve’s collar bone, lingering there as he trailed his lips over his lover’s skin.
Natasha watched as the agents hauled Stark’s corpse away to be photographed and stored, then looked back down at the bloody, pale body of her friend.
Steve opened his mouth, taking in a breath to explain… but he came up with nothing. He hesitated, then sighed, letting his lungs deflate.
Steve’s eyes widened, bruised and itching. Tony was
Steve gave him a soft, bittersweet smile and picked him up, carrying him back into the room where they’d first made love.
His eyes shot open when he remembered, his stomach turning.  He would have rather woken up tied to a chair.
Steve held back a soft, pained noise, but he got up.
Steve chuckled.  “As tempting as that is… we need to head back to headquarters,” he whispered softly, voice husky with sleep as he kissed him softly.  “It’s time to come back to reality, baby…”
Tony took a staggering step, then another, and found himself moving towards Steve as if he were the last oasis in the desert.  As he finally got within a couple feet of him, his eyes welled up. Oh
More than anything Steve wished he had two hands…!
Steve nodded, an old sadness still raw behind his eyes.  “I know you are.”
A moment later, he accessed the inner workings of Ultron.
Furrowing his brow at that, Tony looked up at the super soldier, seeing that hope in his eyes. “Yeah.  I’d like that,” he replied sincerely, nodding his head. He cleared his throat, blinking and glancing around the place again.  He felt like he owed it to him, even if he wasn’t the Tony that had done this. And he missed him, even if he wasn’t his Steve.
He noted some confusion on his face but then Tony spooned him, wrapping his arm around him and holding him close, his cheek pressed against the soldier’s back.   “Mmm, g’night,” he murmured, pressing a kiss between his shoulder blades.
Natasha and Sam both stared at it.
Tony sighed at how small the place was.  How did they all live like this for a decade?  And with it being his alter-ego’s fault, Tony just felt worse.
Tony nodded, their noses brushing against each other’s.  “Yes.
He paid for their room, took the old brass key, and — after a moment of hesitation — laid a gentle hand on Tony’s back, ignoring the soft, subtle sparks at the contact as he steered them into the elevator. The journey upstairs felt like an eternity, the air charged between them…
His gaze actually passed over a man in a dark coat… then he saw the blue scarf, and his eyes darted back.
…Maybe.
“Ultron?” Tony repeated, his brows shooting up.  “We took him out over a year ago. It’s 2016,” he answered quickly, blinking as he tried to process everything.  They were six years ahead, but Ultron was still around. How everyone wasn’t dead already was beyond him.
He pressed a soft kiss into the man’s neck and smiled to himself, slow, subtle movement rocking Tony just enough to remind him how deep his cock was nestled, but not enough to agitate himself further.  He let his eyes fall shut, forehead resting against Tony’s shoulder. “I’m not going anywhere…” he murmured quietly. “We can stay here for a while…”
Tony raised a brow.  “Why do I get the feeling that I’m not going to like blue?”
Thankfully, the cab pulled up to the hotel.  Tony really didn’t want to have this conversation with a third person potentially listening in.  He got out of the car, taking out his wallet to pay the fare.
“I’m not him,” Tony whispered after a moment, feeling a little crestfallen.  It wasn’t right to let Steve pretend he was someone he wasn’t.
Steve was there — standing on the slick black asphalt — staring out at his plane in disbelief. He was disheveled and unshaven, a baseball cap pulled over his dirty blonde hair, dark circles under those stunned blue eyes. He looked exhausted and pale… but his skin had been kissed by the sun. Soft lips parted slightly in shock…
He bared his teeth as he looked out the window.  “I’m sure Steve is really itching to sock ol’ Hitler on the jaw again.”
Finally, Steve shifted, pulling off his coat. “Here,” he murmured.
Finding himself once again, Tony grabbed ahold of Steve’s hips, pinning him firmly on him as Tony took the time to plunge into a desired, heated kiss with his love. The genius’s hands slipped back to Steve’s bum, grabbing at the thick flesh there, leaving the blonde to moan against him.
“Mmmm, Tony, you’re so gorgeous like that. I love hearing your moans,” Steve said, shifting his hand in a tight grip over his arousal, exhaling in content as his eyes fixated on Tony’s leaking head.
“Do your worst to me,” Steve whispered, his body already responding to the brunette’s spellbinding gaze, his brown eyes like that of pure light and love. Steve would argue with anyone that Tony’s eyes held to key to life itself…as if Steve’s heart would cease to beat each the genius would close his eyes, only to be brought back to life when Tony opened his eyes again.
“Oh?” Steve replied, waggling his brows in interest, all the while smiling like crazy. “What do you have in mind, baby?”
“Ah, S-Steve,” Tony cried his, his voice an octave higher than usual as he fought for breath. Tony carded a hand roughly through Steve’s hair, the other digging into his own thigh. The blonde let out a moan of his own at that sweet pain Tony’s hand provided as his fingers pulled at his short, fair hair.
“Don’t need to tell me twice,” Tony said, eyes black and hungry. He grabbed Steve by the hips and shoved him down onto his lap, causing Steve to huff out a breath in surprise. He pushed in against his love, kissing the man ravenously, without haste. He wanted Tony to taste the chocolate that lingered in Steve’s mouth, knowing where that sweet sauce had been. Tony pulled away, only to bite at Steve’s square jaw, teasing the skin there before traveling lower, kneading his teeth against the blonde’s creamy neck.
Steve didn’t say a word, but instead turned his head to quickly find Tony’s mouth. He meshed his lips with the brunette’s, sighing sweetly and feeling a plethora of emotions. There was a kind of relief Steve felt in his heart as Tony kissed him back fondly, his masculine hands gliding up Steve’s belly and chest before descending once more. The blonde pulled away then, his heavy-lidded gaze flicking from Tony’s lips and to his gold flecked brown eyes.
“Come on, Tony,” Steve encouraged, swirling his hips and pushing his ass back against Tony’s own hips. “Come for me. Let me feel you in me.”
“It is quite all right,” Steve responded, blinking quickly and looking down at his tail.
“Yeah, me too. I guess it’s a gesture towards showing the public that the new S.H.I.E.L.D is working hard to restore itself to its early original days. Before Hydra was in the picture anyways. Tony explained, turning his face forward once more.
“S’good,” Steve sighed, the massage like feeling enough to add to his yearning for release. Tony was silent as he continued, only to speak as he came to the last few beads.
When Steve headed down to Tony's lab, that spot on Steve's shoulder tingled, and the blonde pawed at it absent mindedly. He asked J.A.R.V.I.S if he could go inside the lab, and the A.I. announced his entrance. Tony was chatting with Bruce as Steve walked in, smiling a little sheepishly at the men.
Putting the Stark Pad aside then, Tony drifted his hand up Steve’s tight rim, up over his perineum and to his sac, feeling the textured seam there before teasing the underside of the blonde’s aching erection. He watched his beautiful boyfriend tense at his touch, the ribbons on his wrists doing their best not to shred apart.
“You owe me nothing, Steve,” the brunette replied, his voice sweet and his tone soft. With that, the man turned around, and headed out, closing the door behind him.
Once Steve was feeling alright, his friend helped him up, Sam giving the super soldier a bottle of water.
“Here, allow me,” Tony began, hurrying over to take the drying cloths from the man’s gills and soaking them in the water filled bucket on Bruce’s work table. “Lean back for me, please,” Tony said, and Steve immediately consented, leaning back on his elbows. The brunette quickly went to work, dribbling the water over the creature’s gills. Almost instantly, Steve’s breathing became regular once more, his chest heaving with relief of his gills opening.
“The woman the headliners captured with me,” Tony spoke, sitting on the side of the bed. “I’ve known her for a while. We’re friends, Steve,” he laughed lightly. Steve gave him a sheepish grin, scratching at the back of his neck, embarrassed. “But she works at a place, is a head designer at a huge enterprise,” the brunette went on. “I needed her expert opinion on something that was the most important thing to me.” Tony reached for something in his pocket, taking out a small, gold antique box.
Steve’s body was covered in goosebumps, each area of skin where Tony touched him tingling with an awakening sensation. Steve’s mind exploded with colors, like fireworks across a dark velvet sky. The wet sounds that came from Tony’s kisses on his opening sparked through the blonde’s veins, coursing within his soul, spirit and body. His own hands enhanced it all too, the way he tugged at his nipples, reddening them from pulling the perky flesh and sending fire down his chest and tummy. Steve’s other hand twisted around his length desperately, his head tossing back as he felt the erotic bliss of lust consume him. But Steve’s head jerked forward as he felt Tony’s free hand grasp his hand, the one that was so diligently stroking himself. The super soldier, with heavy-lidded, glossy eyes saw his hand peeking beneath the brunette’s hand as they pumped at his erection in tandem, the gold of his wedding band on his finger glinting every so often beneath Tony’s fingers. Tony’s other hand hooked up deeply inside Steve then, the brunette’s teeth sinking into the blonde’s bum cheek before tightening his grip over Steve’s own.
The blonde was near the end of his readings when he came across an article about new research in soulmate bonds. Steve hummed slightly in surprise. Soulmate bonds were not overly common in his generation, though his mother told him the she and Steve’s father were soulmates, and that most generations before her had soulmate bonds. Soulmates, his mother said were defined by an invisible emotional energy that tied two people together. Every night, when she would tuck a young, frail Steve into bed, his beautiful mother would tell him the tale of ancient men and women who were soulmates, their love and bond so strong that they could conquer every challenge before them, even death. Steve, sickly and weak would listen, his eyes big as his mother enthralled his imagination with magnificent visions of stoic heroes, fighting for peace and falling in love.
He took up the chocolate sauce this time, dipping fingers of one of his hands into the contents to scoop out the now half gone bottle. He slid that hand back around to Steve’s rump, fingers slithering to his tight hole. He fingered the man’s opening, massaging the slightly textured skin around it before tracing over the smooth rim. Steve lurched forward and Tony smiled, wiggling the pad of a chocolate coated finger inside the man.
“Hey, Steve!” Tony said, feigning surprise. “I didn’t know you were going to be here.” He went to take a big gulp of his scotch, only for ice cubes to hit him in the face. Did he really drink all of that
Tony began their pace, planting his feet in the mattress as he gently rocked up into his lover. It took a mere moment before Steve fell into a cadence with Tony, their bodies moving as one, their soft moans like that of a harmonious symphony.
The genius spread the cheeks of the super soldier’s rump, pulling away slightly to bite the textured skin of an inner cheek, igniting a low groan from the other man. “How ya doing over there, babe?” Tony muttered against Steve’s skin, dragging the dull nails of his fingers down Steve’s behind and to an upper thigh, little puckered lines surfacing.
“Tell him, I’m busy,” Tony said, rubbing circles into Steve’s clothed thighs, soothing the muscles there. Steve elicited sweet spent noises, his head foggy from his climax.
“Yeah ‘Oh.’”
The super soldier could feel his teammates’ eyes on him, mostly curious since none of them knew that had happened between him and Tony, not even Natasha. Taking up the envelope in hand, Steve could feel a weight to it. Something else was inside. Opening the envelope seal, Steve took the letter our, slowly unfolding the trifold sheet and revealing a small note.
"I love you Tony, forever and always," the super solider said. Tony was beside himself with relief and happiness, and he kissed Steve again, a bit ravenously. He couldn’t help himself, their bond unable to be stifled anymore.
Tony could feel Steve shaking, his muscles twitching while he slipped his tongue inside the man, loosening the ring of the blonde’s rim. Tony adored making love to his boyfriend, enjoyed absolutely everything they did. Rimming was one of those acts that was so intimate and erotic. How Steve responded to it, so beside himself and needy, made Tony feelover the moon.
Steve looked at the screen inquisitively, seeing his stretched entrance slick with lube, the gel seeping out and around the beads and onto his upper thighs and pillow. The blonde watched how his body resisted the last and largest bead before finally relenting and slipping within him at last.
With both men panting hard, their eyes glazed over with lust and the overwhelming sensation of sex, Tony couldn’t help but feel so close and yet so far from his love. He wanted to hold Steve, wanted Steve to hold him. He wanted to be able to touch the man he loved.  What they were doing now was absolutely amazing, he loved every moment of this sexy and kinky act they had going. Tony just wished they could be doing it in the same room.
Tony nodded. “As you’ve always been mine,” he replied in but a whisper. He dropped his hands to his side. “And you know you’re more than welcome to stay here with me. I’ve got that extra room in the penthouse,” Tony offered, his demeanor and emotions more collected. Pepper only smiled.
Tony sucks in a breath. “Not what I meant.” Tony sighs again. He pushes Steve back down to the bed and he lies on Steve’s chest as he goes down with him. “Stay.”
"Are you sure they're not just doing drugs up there?" Peter says suddenly.
Tommy shuts his mouth and nods.
Tommy huffs. “Fine. Only because I want your opinion in these productions I’m eyeing.”
“Only just the beginning, baby.”
“Nah. It’s probably just Kate.” Tommy puts his phone into his coat pocket this time. “You were saying?”
This product should be banned!
Tony shakes his head and laughs bitterly. “We’re well past apologies.”
“You were expecting him?” Rhodey says, his arms still around Tony. “Seriously, Tones.”
put us in therapy, so that’s another point for him.” Billy scratches his head in frustration, tousling up his hair and smoothing it back down. He continues, “it’s just...he put off dating for so long I thought he was finally done with it. And I can’t lie, a part of me was a little relieved. I know you know how awful his exes were. How awful Vic...how awful they
“Me again, huh?”
"You fell asleep in my arms that night. I think this is where I'm getting at. See my list...it has 'PETER SLEEP ARMS' in large capital letters. So...um. You fell asleep in my arms. We were in a van, with all the rest of the Avengers. We were in the front passenger seat. Your dad was driving. And I felt...peace. You drooled on my favorite sweater—and, gosh. I didn't wash that sweater for a month. Weird, but. A father does what he can to...to keep a part of his son's innocence in place.”
“I can see you kind of dating Vision before dating Steve, though. That’d mean you get to avoid dating everyone else—”
“Did you tell Steve about Lisa?”
I can see it now; we’re about to become a viral hit sensation.
Tony presses himself to Peter's back, enveloping all of them in his embrace.
So he heads to bed. His heart just a little faster, but his mind a little calmer.
“I’m starting a career,” Tommy announces, then backtracks. “Or should I go to college? Mom went to college, right, Dad?”
Oh, because
Peter stays still.
Tony is a light sleeper. The tiniest jerks, the lowest sounds, and the tamest nightmares; equations he has been trying to solve during his waking hours floating around in his dreams with an accompanying solution; they are all causes for him to startle awake. It has only gotten a lot worse with age, worse so when he had turned forty. He can’t quite point out whether it’s the actual years added to his life or the circumstances he had had to deal with along with those years.
"We were panicking, obviously. Your dad almost slipped—"
“It’s a
And it’s in these details where the other half of those standards take place, the tiny details that make up a person. They’re often harder to chart because the rubric isn’t as clear cut as preferences in looks. Billy would be remiss if he derives conclusions about Steve’s person from photos on Facebook, of all places, but it’s a start. It would be downright reckless not to do anything with scraps given, so he makes do.
Can we get back to business, please?
Tommy’s heart drops to his stomach. He looks back at himself on the mirrors, his shoulders rising up and down as his breathing becomes more labored. He can see his eyes shining, but no tear falls.
He snaps a quick photo of Peter down the slide. It looks blurry, Peter too small from Steve’s distance, but he still sends it to the Avengers’ group chat.
“Hey, look. It’s Tony.” Teddy hovers the cursor over his face.
Rhodey sighs. He covers his face with a hand as he mutters something into his palm. Tony thinks he hears the word ‘stupid.’ “You both stay. I can walk back to my room myself. If not then I can...ask Vision or Pietro to help me. Or whatever.”
Good to know I’m not the only one thinking that.
“Were you able to catch Zemo?”
“Is that all you are going to tell me?”
“Of course, Tony.”
“We’re not the only white men with blue eyes and blond hair in New York.”
Wanda came in fifteen minutes earlier after we asked her to come down and help us out.
Um, online?
Dad, this Steve guy is lying to you.”
I think—
I did, but—
A small noise escapes Tony’s lips. He looks off to the side and blinks. A stray tear falls and he doesn’t wipe it away.
“Correct me if I’m wrong...but, you’re Tommy’s boyfriend.”
You helping is not helping—
Steve was beside himself with the pleasure and love coursing through his veins for Tony. He wanted to help Tony relax from the stressful days he was having, yes. But Steve loved Tony’s domineering behavior in the bedroom too, loved it more than he probably should admit. He was slightly ashamed by it for reasons he never wanted to reveal. But Tony knew him better than anyone, and for as long as they’d been together, Steve had no doubt that Tony picked up on his preferences during their love making. So when Tony said what he wished for Steve to do, the blonde was ever so eager to do it, to be commanded by his lover, to please Tony in all the ways he knew how.
Reluctantly, Tony pulled his thumb out of his beloved’s mouth. Steve grinned cheekily up at him, shimmying a little as the wetness of his release began to dry on his belly. The super soldier sat up then, cupping Tony’s face and meshing their mouths together, only to then kiss a wet line up to Tony’s ear. Steve bit the other man’s ear lobe, his hands roaming over Tony’s shoulders and arms. The genius could feel his eyes rolling behind his closed eyelids, blindly reaching the straps of Steve’s bralette and slipping them off his shoulders.
“So much for managing an oil change,” Tony breathed, wiping a laughter tear away from the corner of his eye.
“I’ll have to add one for next time,” Tony said, eyes sparkling with love and moonlight from above. The super soldier let out a huff of laughter before pulling a sheet over Tony and himself.
“You don’t make me feel that way,” he started. “But I don’t want to ever inadvertently push you away,” Steve admitted, eyes cast down. He had lost so many people he loved. He couldn’t lose Tony too.
Thank you to my two lovely betas! All mistakes are mine :)
“Please, make me yours Tony,” Steve said, looking at Tony with affection, love and open sincerity. Tony didn’t say anything as he looked at Steve, who was subtly revealing himself to the brunette. Tony kissed the top of one of Steve’s knees then, scooching closer to the blonde, guiding himself to line up with the man’s loosened opening.
“Yeah, everyone is good. Natasha is nursing a sprained ankle, but you know Doom would need a lot more than doombots to take her down,” Tony said, reaching up to brush some of Steve’s hair out of his face.
That was until Steve had missed a family that was right in the line of fire. The heat that ebbed off the civilians’ bodies had been picked up by the beast, and it turned to engulf them. Without a second thought, Steve ran up the beam of a broken crane, leaping into the jaws of the beast, shield held in front of him. Instantaneously, the creature lurched back and away from the family before it snapped its jaws shut, encapsulating Steve within.
“Something like that. But should it really be any other way?” Steve challenged back, pulling back only to round the couch and stand in front of Tony, showing off his lingerie to the brunette. Steve smirked as he took in Tony’s changing expression. The man’s eyes widening, pupils dilating and a happy smile forming on his lips.
“Oh my,” Steve said, his mouth falling open, his brows knit together. He looked down to see his cock bouncing with their motions, his length slapping against his belly, his precome sprinkling white on Tony’s toned torso.
“Wow,” Tony said, his chest filing with warmth and desire already. “You’re so beautiful, Stevie,” he complimented, taking in his fill. “I’ve got some great taste in lingerie, don’t you agree?” the genius giggled lightly.
“Me too,” Tony interjected, his voice rather abrupt. “I’m curious though Steve, why the sudden yearning to call me now after you barely sent a few texts to me.” Tony wasn’t going to fool around. Steve needed to get this over with. He could see Steve’s eyes widen, biting his lip as he repositioned himself on the bed a bit. Was that guilt Tony saw on Steve’s expression?
Tony hummed against his mouth, hands slipping over Steve’s shoulders and down his arms before linking them around the super soldier’s small waist, his lingerie swishing underneath.
“Nothing,” Tony assured him with a gentle pat on the blonde’s bare bum. “Just love you so much, Stevie.” Steve smiled down at his love and cupped the man’s bearded jaw.
Steve hurried along, though he really wanted to read every exhibit and study every object. Maybe he would come back another time and ask if he get a private tour somehow.
A Sketch Request I had asked K-atnight on tumblr for! She is so talented, y'all gotta check her out!
“And you don’t think we have that?” Tony inquired. He always felt that they did. Pepper made his heart flutter and swell constantly, and he thought he made her heart do the same thing.
“Well take my word for it, that’s what they all do. So what do you say, Cap?” Tony asked, looking at the blonde hopefully. Steve looked at him, the cheekiest grin spreading across his face then.
Tony had moved off of the blonde, hovering over him just out of reach as he locked his eyes with Steve’s. “There’s a few things on the agenda,” Tony breathed, his one hand settling on the latches of Steve’s bralette.
It was then that Steve, pressed his wet tongue against Tony’s opening, the brunette’s body tensing. “This alright?” Steve asked, his breath warm and soft on Tony’s hole. He wouldn’t continue if the man wasn’t okay with it.
“We can stop now, if you want,” Tony said, lessening the pressure on Steve’s arousal.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” Steve said, smiling sheepishly at Tony through his long lashes. How the man could be so cute and sweet, while at the same time looking like a sex god was beyond Tony’s brilliant mind. He only knew that he was grateful that he could call Steve his. “Whenever you’re ready,” Steve huffed then, shifting his weight on Tony’s length, clenching his muscles around it. Tony gritted his teeth, moaning softly and squeezing his love’s ass. “It’s about you today, Tony.”
“Steve?” Tony asked, looking over his shoulder at his love, pupils blown. Steve brought his hands up to massage Tony’s outer thighs, smiling up at the brunette.
“I still see the ship that took him,” Steve began again, eyes falling closed. The gold insignia on the ship was etched in his mind, the octopus like tentacles that crawled out from underneath a crimson skull.
“There now,” Tony said, leaning back on his heels. “Tip top shape. Let’s get you back into the water, huh?” The merman smiled and nodded at that. But when the inventor wrapped an arm under the blonde creature’s shoulder and lifted, the merman let out an ear-piercing scream. Tony bowed under the creature’s shifted weight, his feet slipping. The inventor’s gloved hand caught against the merman’s tail, the cyan scales slicing through the dark leather like butter and slicing his palm. Tony grunted in pain, holding his injured hand. He could hear the crew members running toward them, but Tony turned his attention back to the sea creature who was cradling the upper right side of his tail.
“Do you like knowing that you’re only mine, baby?” Tony asked, allowing his hand to trace down Steve’s torso, the pads of his fingers brushing along the tip of the super soldier’s penis. Steve inhaled a sharp breath, arching up into Tony’s touch. Damn, Tony knew how to get him hard so incredibly fast.
It was the perfect surprise for Steve.
“Yes, beloved?” Steve asked.
“Tony,” Steve said, trailing heated kisses down the genius’s jawline and to his ear. “Would you take me?” he asked, his breath warm against Tony’s earlobe. “Want to feel you deep inside me,” he whispered, thumbing at the waistline of his boyfriend’s boxers. Steve leaned back to capture Tony’s gaze then. “Only if you are okay with it,” he added, not wanting Tony to feel obligated on Steve’s part. “I know it’s a new thing for both of us if you don’t want to. And I can always test my own blow job skills on you,” he said with a small chuckle.
“Don’t get any ideas,” Steve warned, moving to stand, only for Tony to wrap his arms around his trim waist, holding him there.
Once he was done wiping his face the blonde looked at Tony, holding his gaze before they both broke out into giggling fits, Tony clutching his belly and half turning while Steve covered his mouth, his broad shoulders shaking.
“You’re tellin’ me,” Tony slurred, head still drunk on a plethora of pleasurable sensations.
Steve was rather taken aback that such technological progress the world had made in the last 70 years would have wiped out the phenomenal idealistic philosophy of soulmates. The super soldier read the article eagerly, his interest certainly piqued at the content.
“I’m truly sorry about the computer glitch, Mr. Stark. Thank you for being patient and understanding.”
Pressing a kiss to the side of Steve’s neck, Tony made his way back behind Steve, hands tracing over the outlines of the blonde’s chiseled, immaculate body. “No more thoughts about those meetings. It’s just you and me now,” the genius whispered, his warm breath ghosting against the blonde’s neck. Steve gave a nod and smile, looking over his shoulder at his beloved. That beautiful, innocent yet mischievous look from his lover made Tony’s breath catch, his heart pounding and fluttering all at once.
“I promise I’ll take care of you, love,” Tony cooed, the hand on the blonde’s cheek trailing down Steve’s neck and across the line of his clavicle, the sensation of his rough fingertips dancing upon his soft skin.
“And you’re such a tease,” Steve whispered, a light chuckle escaping his lips before he reached down between them and palmed at Tony’s own arousal. Tony, in reaction bit Steve’s nipple, not hard enough to break skin, but enough for Steve to enjoy the pleasure pain of it.
"Tony, I know what you’re feeling, the pain, the heat. I have one too," Steve said, moving his shirt aside, showing Tony the mark. He watched Tony take in a ragged inhale, closing his eyes. "We both know what this means," Steve gently said, taking an apprehensive step closer. "I've been having visions, dreams...of these people from random historical times, Tony," Steve explained. "As if I know them. And in some way, shape or form it all revolves around their soulmark, bond, you name it," Steve continued, hoping to gage a response from Tony.
“Yes, Tony,” Steve said, setting the snuffbox on the nightstand, his voice hitching as emotions swayed and swirled in his mind and heart. “There is no one else I could see spending my life with, nor anyone I would want to with more than you. Tears swelled in the super soldier’s eyes as Tony slid that golden band onto Steve’s ring finger.
Tentatively, Steve leaned forward, feeling his nose brush along Tony’s. He was close enough that he could smell the man’s faint cologne, and feel the warmth of his body. Steve held himself there, waiting for any sign that would say Tony was uncomfortable. The man didn’t though, and so, Steve moved in more, until his lips gently grazed the brunette’s own soft mouth. The kiss sent a wave of bliss through Steve, his heart revving up like an engine. Closing his eyes, he could hear Tony sigh, and before Steve pulled away, Tony began to move his lips over the blonde’s, smiling against Steve’s mouth and wrapping his arms around his shoulders.
“Ehn,” Steve moaned, pushing back against Tony’s finger, the brunette’s chest flushed with the super soldier’s back. Tony brought his other hand up to lay flat against the blonde’s torso, holding him in place as the genius swirled his finger deeply inside his entrance.
“Merry Christmas, Steve,” Tony said, giving him a small smile. Steve looked at him, trying to find the right words to say.
It all came to that final crescendo when he felt Steve constrict around him, the tightness and overwhelming friction blindsiding him entirely. Tony came with a raspy cry, biting into Steve’s shoulder as the waves of his orgasm crashed and whirled inside him.
“C’mere,” Tony mumbled, bringing Steve even closer to him. His other hand cupped the super soldier’s jaw, his thumb sliding over Steve’s plump bottom lip. “This part of sex may be new for us, but I think we know the gist of it,” Tony started. “But if anything is off to you, please tell me.”
“You would know a lot about ignoring, wouldn’t you?” Steve replied calmly, his head held high as the elevator approached his floor.
“God, I hope I can handle an oil change,” Steve laughed, grabbing a well-used rag while sifting through the brunette’s tools. He grabbed a regular wrench, as well as an oil filter wrench before grabbing the roller seat and moving it to the front of the car and taking a seat on it. Tony handed him the container to catch the oil.
“Harder, Tony,” Steve said in both a command and a plea as he gripped a pillow with one hand and the head board with the other.
Getting a garter belt on was much more tedious than he thought. Steve was in his bedroom, wriggling on his bed, attempting to get on a ruffled, black satin garter belt with metal clips, furnished with tiny grey bows.  It wouldn’t have been so bad if he’d gotten one with an elastic waistband. But he loved the feel of ones created with the authenticity of the early days.
Steve wondered what Tony was doing, the man wasn’t even undressed yet, and here was Steve, nude with a ripe orgasm still fresh on the mind. He looked to see Tony walking back, blotting a towel to his face. Steve chuckled then. Considering where the genius’s face had just recently been, he didn’t blame him.
“I’m gonna be frank, Pete. I was scared at first. Hydra, and aliens, and killer robots? Don’t hold a candle to being told I might be a father. I didn’t grow up with my pa, so I didn’t know what to do. And your Dad, well, he had his own issues. But that’s his story to tell. It’s kind of funny, actually. It took me a while, you know? To accept that fellas are also...that I’d also be attracted to them. But I got there, and I told myself when your dad and I got together,
“It’s not about the ice,” Steve repeats. His voice breaks with the weight of his regrets.
Forcing this break on us was a stupid idea.
“I do.” Tony sits on the edge of the bed, on the side facing the door, and Steve follows suit.
Tony sighs. “Stop that.”
Steve inhales, deep through his nose, then releases the breath through his mouth. He ducks his head and grins, bashful. “When I first met your dad, I was doing my thesis on art conservation methods. One of my art teachers suggested that I conduct an interview with Tony.” Steve pauses. He fiddles with his thumbs in front of him as he lets out a low hum. “I have to be honest, Billy, I could
Tony doesn’t stop smiling even after sitting for what felt like hours and listening to a guy complaining about money. Not even when he feels the sticky, sweaty palm of some stockholder with whom he has just shaken hands.
"Wait." Tony yanks Steve towards him, closing their distance and placing his lips on Steve's. They linger within each other's space, enjoying the intimacy. "I…"
Tony lifts a hand, crossing over Peter’s body, and onto Steve’s own. Tony bows his head, and Steve takes Tony’s hand, interlacing their fingers together. He places their hands on Peter’s diaphragm, where they rise and fall with Peter’s every breath. Then Steve takes Peter’s hand with his free one and places that on his lap.
“Do not go up there,” Tony screams from the other end of the hallway. “Peter, you’ll hurt yourself.”
Teddy types out the name on his laptop. A few Facebook profiles appear in a list, and Billy points to the guy his dad showed him earlier. Teddy clicks on the link and blows a low whistle. “I see where you got your type from.”
"Nonsense!" Tony says. "You're never too old for anything. You'll always be our baby." It's Tony's turn to lean down and kiss him, this time on the cheek.
at a pre-approved for-kids video they're watching on the tablet. With time passing comes Peter's gradual shift in moods. He wiggles and waggles and moves around in Steve's lap. He skips video after video before Steve can even comprehend it.
say it. I know what you mean, just don’t say it.”
"You'd color a lot in the day. I remember that. Whenever I painted, you'd take out your crayons and do art with me. With your dad, you'd take out your Legos and build something alongside him. But you didn't speak much, no matter how much we encouraged you. Even to Uncle Bruce, who you said was your second best friend. You'd always tell him you liked his white coat, even if he wasn't wearing any, then you'd leave it at that.
Tommy reaches for Billy’s scarf and pulls it hard. “It’s the only class that needed another instructor.”
“Oh, Tony.” Steve flips through the papers. “And is this… is this mine?”
go. Just for a while. You need to talk to him.”
“My great-grandmother knew your mum. At least, that’s what my mum always said to me. Said they were friends of a sort growing up. I’ve hung onto that if you don’t mind, Mr. Rogers. I know there’s a chance it’s isn’t true—my great-grandmother died long before I was born, see—but I’ve always hung on to the fact that they could’ve been friends.”
to our plane
Tommy detaches himself from Tony and does more breathing exercises until Tony finally relaxes. He’s still shuddering from the crying, but he’s got a hold of his breaths now.
“Peter, what—”
“What?”
Tony laughs despite himself, a wet, taxing and sudden laugh that comes from the back of the throat. He lists down two more things: Tommy and dust.
Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Tony frowns, his lower lip jutting out in a pout as he anticipates Steve's next words.
Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
At least, I don’t think so.
Steve takes this as the cue to open up the envelope Tony handed him. “Plane tickets?”
“Yeah, as a joke.”
, which has always been
“Your Uncle Pietro had a lot of stories to tell though,” Tony says.
Tony jumps out of Steve’s embrace and Steve jerks up in surprise.
Hashtag emotional.
He didn't even hesitate. He just—
“Listen, Noh-Varr. You don’t deserve a shovel talk. Not from me, at least. Billy might want a word with you.”
“Did I faint?”
Tommy walks to the center of the bedroom, not bothering to take a seat on the bed. He rubs his clammy hands together as he eyes Tony curiously.
Tony, wait.
Tony bites his lip. He wants to interject, to tell Steve that he has said too much. Peter knows all this already. It’s not exactly a secret Tony and Steve wanted to keep from him. The boy was seven when he lost his biological parents; he knows he lost them. But Steve is trying, and from the sound of it, he’s trying so hard. And to add to the spirit of things, if Steve and Tony and Peter and all the other Avengers were sat around the commons, listening to Steve’s story, Tony would—does want to—smooth Steve’s furrowed brow with his thumb, or he’d kiss the worry away. And Peter would stick his tongue out, feigning disgust in his innocent boyish ways, and everyone would laugh.
“Armor!” Peter jumps to give Tony a high-five. “I have my armor, Daddy. I’ll cook for you.”
“But you’re not just some kid anymore,” Steve mutters.
Tony doesn't answer.
"You're so tiny, Pop-pop."
“Just let me help, Tony.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says. He doesn’t feel his mouth move. He flinches, a sudden ringing in his ears. Peter isn’t in his arms any longer. Tony’s face becomes clearer, brighter. Too bright. The background is a blurry mess of colors that don’t make any sense. It makes Steve want to vomit. “I’m sorry.”
Tony shakes his head, slowly.
“Yeah? Like what?”
Ah, shit.
, she warned me about him. She kept warning me about him, and that was when she admitted he tried that once before, for
“Right. Yeah.” Steve fiddles with his stirrer. “So yeah, you know. I mean, you have a
“What? But that’s your attic. Don’t we have all our old stuff there? Ty’s old stuff?”
I’ve been trying.
We break up because you want me to be safe?
“I—uh—” Steve tries, backing away from the man and sparing a glance at Tony, riled up with his balled fists and livid stare.
“How the fuck did you get—”
“They’re not gonna hurt me,” Tony says, rolling his eyes. “Or anyone for that matter. They banned blood sacrifices in the 80’s—”
He opens the scrapbook and is met with his own brown eyes—much younger, much brighter. On his right lap is Billy and on his left is Tommy, smiling just as bright as Tony is. They look to be five in the photo, and they’re wearing t-shirts Tony had bought for them while visiting New York at the time. He recognizes the photo as the first one ever taken of them. Just the day before, Billy had first called him Dada, and Tommy, as always, had followed what his brother had done.
So what if Tommy destroyed Noh-varr’s previous relationship? So what if, despite all of Kate’s warnings, despite all her advice and attempts at getting Tommy out of the hole he had dug himself in, Tommy had still managed a way to dig deeper?
Billy’s face morphs into shock, then disbelief. “Really?”
"I know you wanted a break from all that and—"
“Zumba Moms treating you like a pole dancer at a strip club,” Billy answers.
Tony bites his lip. “Do you still wanna head out? We can all just take a breather today—”
Steve lightly pinches Tony's nipple. At least he feels a sensation there. His nipples: great. Nothing to worry about in that area. "I'm just saying."
Tony’s heart drops to his stomach. “Oscorp…”
In hindsight, that should have been the end of the conversation. In fact, they should never have played another round. Because again, the universe has a personal vendetta against Tony, and Tony can only do so much to appease it one day at a time. But that line of thought is all for later, when the dust clears, clearing Tony’s mind with it. For now, the futurist is stuck in the present playing a game of Life with his son and boyfriend. And boy, does the past have a way of making an entrance.
I asked him first, told him you'll most likely be there.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
He keeps the letter unopened in the briefcase containing his pajamas, tucked in between a plain black shirt, one of the many he owns in different variations of plainness and blackness, and the gray sweatshirt with an outlined drawing of an anime character he had bought during a trip to Japan with his family. He had realized during a day out that it had been too cold for the two layers he had on.
It tears easily.
“Happy Christmas, Tommy.” Noh-varr hangs up.
"To save time, yeah." Tony cocks his head to the side, trying to wrack out the details from his brain. "You had to scrub me with soap because I wasn't fast enough. I was still shampooing."
“Billy had many words with me last night. More than I thought I would get. I believe Steve had alerted him of Tommy’s behavior before they arrived home.”
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
encourage him,” Tony says.
“Brffpff?” Tony says.
So when he had told them to come home exactly two days before Christmas—no more, no less—that Uncle Pietro and Grandpa Erik and Charles wouldn’t be around until New Years, he had known that they had known something was up. He had only been thankful neither of them had pressed Tony on any further over their respective phone calls, and had only said yes to any of Tony’s whims and wishes.
Steve is out of bed almost immediately, hands up in a fighting stance. "What's wrong?" He scans the room, but finds nothing out of place.
"Playground?" Steve asks, knowing his son all too well.
“And how would you know that?”
“A dude. A
"Fine, but I'm taking a shower by myself." Peter wobbles over to the en suite, with Tony guiding him by the small of his back.
Billy motions for him to come.
At 7:13, Billy and Teddy emerge from their bedroom.
“You knew I wasn’t sleeping anyway.”
He can't pinpoint exactly when it had begun, but there's no denying that the pregnancy had been the catalyst that started it all. He can't really fault Tony for that. After all, it takes two to tango, whether the well-practiced tango routine ends up winning first prize in some dance contest or whether there had been no plans to join the contest at all; you had only been walking with your partner at a park where there happens to be a dance contest, and then you trip over your feet. The next thing you know, some announcer who you realize is actually your boyfriend is handing you a blue ribbon that says 'we're pregnant.' Except that's a stupid analogy, because Steve doesn't even dance.
the one being interrogated here.”
“Stop what?”
away. Away from you.” Tony’s voice is small. He feels smaller. He twists his body so that he’s facing Steve.
“Superhero in the
With what?
"You're still working? Dad, it's seven in the evening there. I thought you decided to take on fewer classes this year."
The rest of the day passes with Steve and Tony being dragged around by Peter to see the sights of the town of Monaghan. The buildings are unlike anything the kid has seen in New York: historical, quaint, brick facades with visible chimneys on top. He’s as curious as he’s ever been, so much so that he unknowingly attempts to trespass into several private homes and properties.
"No, it’s… You can zip your mouth for a few minutes, right?" Tony raises an eyebrow at Bucky.
,’ replies Clint.
If his brother trying to be quiet isn’t enough of a cause for concern, being unsure of himself definitely does the trick. If Tommy had wanted to time alone with Tony, he could’ve just asked. He’s also the most stubborn man on the planet, so Billy had taken it upon himself to give them that space. Call it a twin thing; Billy personally prefers to call it a ‘having battled countless traumatic situations with his brother so he knows him like the back of his hand’ thing. But Billy digresses.
Steve takes a second to consider, so Billy gives him a thumbs up and flicks his hand up and down even more frantically.
Tony swallows as he recognizes the story.
“I’m sorry to disappoint, then.”
people, Dad—”
Hmph.
He places the sweatshirt over the letter. “It’s to keep me warm, okay?” he had said in Japan, haughtily, though the sentiment lingers as he pats the fabric and closes the case.
Steve gets a hold of his wrist, then kisses his palm.
His son gives him one long kiss on the cheek, and Tony kisses him back on the forehead as he balances the plate of hash browns in one hand .
Why don’t we just record a video?
Okay? Tommy—”
Tony gave his company to Pepper so he could avoid exactly what he is doing right now.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
Steve laughs and pulls Tony's hand, the one holding his own, and places it on his cheek. "You have no idea how much I miss you saying my name. Doesn't sound the same in everyone else's mouth."
Tommy will have to remember to vacuum his floors later.
“I thought you didn’t need help, Pete,” Tony yells back with a smile.
“We’re not
Think of it as team building.
“Not really.” Steve ducks his head as he says, “I wasn’t going to come with but Tony...he paid for my tickets. He didn’t want me to miss out on a nice little vacation with my friends, so yeah—But, I wasn’t, like, mooching off of your dad or something. Right, Tony? That’s not mooching, right—”
It hadn’t been a lie when he told Tony, when he tells himself, that the cold, the frost on his skin doesn’t bother him. The ice that had bitten him, crisp and freezing, it’s merely a distant memory and nothing more. It’s barely a memory at all.
“Thanks for the bird knowledge, Steve.”
Yeah, no. They’re not gonna hesitate to get on a plane and drag me out of here.”
“Not gonna let the cult do it for you?” Peter mutters under his breath.
“Could’ve gotten back together with Victor,” Billy whispers still within earshot.
"I don't trust this. But fine, okay."
It stings!
“You don’t have to.”
He does apologize in the end.
“So?”
For inviting me to this super-secret sleepover.
When they had moved out of the apartment unit after college, with Billy moving in with Teddy to a new apartment and Tommy moving in with his then-girlfriend Lisa to hers, instead of converting one of their rooms to a mini-workshop like they had suggested, Tony bought two new queen-sized beds.
“What’s ridiculous?”
Steve only chuckles and tells him it’s okay.
Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
Tony gasps. “You take that back,” he says, pointing a finger at Peter.
There’s a knock on the door, then a muffled “Pizza’s here!” from an over-enthusiastic Clint comes through.
“Unless you wanna do it during the summer? I would prefer not to but that’s one of the reasons why I printed out fake tickets, so that we can talk about it, you know—”
“Yeah, me too.”
“Yeah,” Tommy says, just as quiet. Then in his usual fervor, he adds, “she was awesome. She’d kick your ass no problem.”
I’m more superspy-adjacent than anything.
Teddy snickers. “He’s just having a crisis. You and I, we’re kinda similar, don’t you think?”
Didn’t you get it?
Tommy’s throat constricts. He can feel his eyes water. “Me,” he says with a laugh as he holds his tears back. They fall anyway. He sniffles, “what else?”
“Did Hydra really get to you?” a man in his 20’s wearing an off-brand, unlicensed Avengers shirt asks Steve, all up in his face, giving him no chances of escape. It’s just him and another woman, thank God. Neither of them has their phones up and the neighborhood they’re in is relatively devoid of other people.
I need to go to the bathroom.
“I do
“It’s a beautiful place, though.”
“You bought it for me!”
“Nah, not really. He’s just that predictable.”
“Why don’t you ask Steve?”
Tony and Steve are now slicing vegetables for the turkey. Billy takes over Noh-Varr’s job, slicing cheeses and meat for the charcuterie.
Steve feels relieved that the little cabin Tony has managed to rent is located on the outskirts of town. They have no neighbors, and the stretch of land that divides him from the rest of Monaghan, from the rest of the world, is something he’s thankful for. He takes in as much of the greenery as he can during the drive back, determined to store it into memory and paint it on his largest canvas once they’re back at the tower.
Tony checks the digital clock on the bedside table. A few minutes before noon. He exhales, loud and long. He has been checking clocks more often now; wherever he goes he would look for any device displaying the time, and if he can’t find any, he’d focus on his watch. He would closely watch time running, winding down to a particular second, or a particular minute, or a particular hour. So far, it has been doing nothing but.
Or, say, if Tony was to exit his bedroom with a new boyfriend—relatively speaking—like he’s doing that very instant, with hopes of wanting a normal breakfast with said boyfriend and his sons, like what he really wants for that same instant, he can’t exactly survey the scene before deciding that, yes, it is in fact safe to leave the bedroom.
I'll be fine.
“They know I live here.”
"Yes," Steve says slowly, clearly delighted. "You remember."
“Tie or no tie, Clint?”
“What about them?” His dad doesn’t look away from his phone as he continues to chew his pasta slowly. He snickers after a loud noise erupts from his phone’s speakers, but Peter can’t make out what it is Tony is watching on his device.
Steve stays silent.
“The ice” is what Steve manages to say. He pauses for a long while, staring at the teabag bobbing up and down inside the cup as his hands shake. Tony waits patiently, doesn’t move from his previous position. “It took me away once, from people I care about. I thought it took me away again. Away from you.”
Tony waits for Tommy’s signal.
Steve prepares his mother’s hot chocolate.
The wedding that follows doesn't happen till a year later, and thankfully for the both of them, it's with clean stomachs and a happy, healthy, not-at-all-a-clown baby boy.
"You heard the boss," Tony says, clapping his hands together. "Party's over. We'll resume the festivities in the morning."
I was just following orders.
You know what’s best for me right now?
There's about a million different ways this is embarrassing. Peter, fifteen years old, is talking to a girl his age, about how he wants to sleep in the same bedroom with his parents, where there's only one bed. He blushes—he blushes so easily about anything—and pulls at the hem of his shirt as he musters up the courage to look Shuri in the eyes and nod.
“He’ll be here, Dad. It’s probably just stupidly busy at the airport. You know how it can get.”
“Sorry,” Tony says. He sounds like even more of a wreck than he looks. “Didn’t mean to do that.” He turns to Noh-Varr. “Stay. For Christmas.”
Lying on the spare bed, clad in proper pajamas tonight instead of his usual tee and sweatpants, Tony keeps his eyes closed. He’s not asleep, not really. Sleep is proving difficult when Tony has been anticipating Steve’s return.
