“Yeah,” John says lightly, “you free tomorrow afternoon? Let’s go to try on and get fitted?”
“I swear I know nothing, Mr. Officer! I married Frank two years ago, and we moved to Florida a couple of months afterwards. We have a house at the beach. He tells me he’s running a Cartel, dealing with some imports and exports of medical materials. How would I comprehend anything about the business! I buy every word he told me without the slightest doubt. I stay at home for most time, and I also teach kids to dance and make cookies at kindergarten.”
She’d never dreamt that in the boys’ point of view, Mrs Hudson is where Home is. Without her, England would fall.
“Please, don’t leave me, John. Beat me or scold me or kick me, do whatever you want, but one thing, just—please don’t ever leave me—”
But John lets go of him quickly enough, he blinks hard and averts his eyes to the floor. He covers his mouth with one hand and clears his throat. “I’m sorry. Excuse me for a moment. Be right back.” And he marches his way towards the direction of the gents.
“John?”
“Oh god,” John is panting too, “Sherlock Holmes, could I possibly love you a bit more?”
They have just reached the door of the living room on the second floor. The said Papa was lying on the sofa in the shape of a lanky human being and was absolutely motionless. It was on hearing John and Hamish entering the door that he breathed in abruptly and largely like he’d emerged from the surface of water. He blinked successively and apparently had just solved some nice juicy locked room mystery.
"What happened?" Sherlock asked, looking into John's pink and flushed face. A small bead of perspiration formed on his upper lip. As John gathered his thoughts, he gently pressed his fingers into Sherlock's ribcage, feeling for lingering bumps or bruising. John looked up into his face, "I was shot, and nearly died. This was before I moved to London, when I was just trying to go on my own, be my own person, I joined the army. I was shot, tending a wounded solider. Afghanistan."
To keep the wood wrapped around his costume from strangling him.
"Why doesn't he just tell me?" Hamish crossed his arms. He looked like a miniature John Watson, but his eyes were green.
He paces the edge of town, realizing he's probably out of his depth. John is clever at hiding. As twilight begins to fall, Sherlock catches sight of a glen with trampled grass. He runs, still gripping the last letter of John's, John's last vow to always be there.
Silence.
Sebastian Wilkes is sitting in a dorm room with the
After a few minutes of internal debate, he rings Robert, a rather nice man his age that works down the hall in special intelligence. Their work does not typically overlap. They've spoken a few times over the past few months but have increased their communication more recently. Robert had been especially kind to Mycroft about the press concerning Sherlock's drug habit. Robert had revealed he'd has a younger sister with a drug problem.
He didn't see Sherlock at first, until he stepped out from around the corner. The passengers gasped, and John did with them. Sherlock looked striking in a gray suit that showed off his eyes and his porcelin complexion. He was gorgeous. His lips were pursed in his determined expression.
"He wants us," He swallows a sob, "You and I to go to his parents' house for Christmas. To start over. He's so insistent on it, Jesus," Sherlock crying, Sherlock broken in the hospital, more tears, "He said. He said it would be good for us to all be there. Put everything behind us."
"I felt like I had to stay, but I couldn't stay, after she....I couldn't take watching you leave me again..."
"John has built complicated houses that have passed inspection. This was his mistake," Daemon pointed at Sherlock, "Jim thinks it's just another kid building an amateur set. He doesn't realize he's messed up the set of a licensed commercial architect."
, I just can't do this. I can't do this. I've tried. I'm broken and I can't be fixed."
Sherlock wrapped his hands around John's head, capturing his face for a kiss. John moaned, sad to leave Sherlock for even a moment. He went across the room for a plaid and water, bringing Sherlock a drink as he cleaned him off.
His hands are perfectly still. He hears someone approaching the doorway, but he doesn't look up. John is itching for a fight. He knows if Sherlock walks through that entry he would break his nose, his jaw. He prays it's anyone but him.
"No, no.  Sherlock hasn't seen me. Since this happened. It's been rather fast. Robert. He's a coworker, but there is a lot going on. He's paid attention to me, but it's been very quick since we got together. And, I'm so scared. Mummy, he loves me, but he loves
"Oh baby, I did, I do," John looked at the dildo, and put some lubricant on it and his fingers. He began fisting his erection, taking the edge off, as he lined up the dildo with Sherlock's hole.
"Yes, darling, what do you need? I love you, I love you. Please, tell me."
Sherlock stood closer to his father, gently passing the stallion's lead to his betrothed's. John Watson's hand touched his for the first time as he passed the horse's lead from one hand to the other. Sherlock quickly moved his hand away, dropping it to his side.
(See the end of the chapter for
Before John could finish searching and practice the word, Sherlock bounded on the bed with a condom and lube. He pointed to the condom and gave a gesture similar as slipping to condom on his first two fingers. He then pointed at the lube and finger spelled each letter. He grabbed John's phone and typed out a note.
The Captain and Sherlock jumped away from each other, and John moved out of the way as the two of them stood in front of the message, whispering and studying the paint as Sherlock looked over each part with his magnifier. As John watched the two of them, he'd never felt more lonely in his life.
"I have my four cousins. I'd like to tell them goodbye," Sherlock had to stop speaking. He felt tears start to run down his cheeks. John stopped walking, placing his hands on either side of his tear-streaked face.
(See the end of the chapter for
They went to John's flat.
"Did you harm me, sir?" Sherlock spat. John didn't struggle. He pushed back into the mattress. He met Sherlock's eyes and took small, gulping breaths. He did not push him off. He didn't squirm a fraction.
"John." Sherlock whispers. John tightens his grip around Sherlock's waist.
John remembered Sherlock's post on his blog after his first marriage.
Sherlock deduced the affair, and couldn't keep quiet. The therapist, to try and discredit Sherlock, had fought back with a Sociopath diagnosis. Even after large fights, screaming matches, and the family coming back together, the diagnosis stuck. Even after other psychological tests were done that showed the therapist was wrong, Sherlock used it has his shield and armor to keep others away.
-----
"What was that?" Sherlock hummed.
"There are gaps in my files about my birth family. Gaps about me and who I am. These gaps have everything to do with you, your brother, and why I'm so keen to help protect you and your brother from Magnussen. But these stories aren't in any files. You're going to have to trust me. Ask me. Before we run out of time."
John and Sherlock settled into their sides of the bed, still grinning at one another. They slept in starts and stops until morning, stroking each other's hair and holding hands when they caught the other awake.
"Isn't  Hamish still upstairs? With Mrs. Hudson?" Sherlock asked.
"Oh, Moriarty, by all means."
Magnussen would get to live for a few more weeks.
"Come here," John says, patting his lap.
Mycroft sighs, reaches out to stroke the side of Robert's face, "Where did you come from?" His eyes are wide with wonder.
"John," Sherlock asked. He had to say his name multiple times, "Greg and Mycroft are going to sweep outside Mr. Hudson's apartment to see what they can find. We will go back from there and track the most likely results."
"Sherlock, sit." John pats the couch beside him. Sherlock is gripping John's letters to his chest. He sits, never taking his eyes off John's face.
Sherlock grabbed a bottle of anal lubricant from the box, putting some on his fingers and the toy. He laid the dildo on his inner thighs, a flash of red across white, as he breached his pink hole with one finger. John moved Sherlock and himself so he could lay in between Sherlock's open thighs and watch him.
Sherlock simply mumbled in the affirmative.
"No, no, you didn't, come here," not thinking about if it were welcome or not, Sherlock picked Hamish up and hugged him, scooping him, the blanket, and his animal into his lap.
Sherlock nodded, "Every set designer has a particular flair or look that's all their own. Some are the paint palettes they choose. Others are the lines and organization of elements. Your lines are simple, but you add detailed embellishments that will show up beautifully with the accented lighting design. It reminded me of the restaurant."
Sherlock swayed a bit. He put his hand on the back of the couch to steady himself, "It's ok. It's just not meant to be. I'm not good for him… He deserves," He thought about his words with two little girls in the room, "someone who is whole, better."
In the past, there had been discussions like this when John just had to shut down momentarily in order to process information and then return to his son. There were so many blank minutes and hours that John had to explain weren't angry silences, but were honestly his time to research whatever Hamish had said. Now was one of those times. Within the span of a few minutes Hamish had thrown so much information at him he was unsure what to say.
"Do you have family, Mr. Holmes?"
Robert commands everyone to stand down in their headsets. Mycroft yells through the helicopter speakers in case they don't hear Robert.
"John," Sherlock said in wonder, "You thought I would waste away? Be invalided?"
He paused from talking, putting his lips down on Sherlock's shoulder, "I've been lonely. And incredibly alone. It's just been me and the land and my horses for five years now. I am not sure what I can offer you, Sherlock. Or what I can tell you about myself. But I would like to get to know you. I feel comfortable with you, too."
"Why?" John asked. John was brave. John didn’t give up fights. Sherlock's heart pounded as he considered what it would feel like to be fought for by Captain John Watson.
Over the past few months, he's felt an increased need to speak to others, to be around other people. He wouldn't dare call it something as pedestrian as loneliness.
As the city lights begin to dot the horizon and wash out the stars, Sherlock receives another text from his brother.
. Bland enough name that most people just don't bother checking to see if they really do know me. My Facebook photo is a cut from someone in the background of one of Mycroft's photos that is also an acquaintance of Greg and Molly, she's a friend from the lab and Morgue where I do work. I follow to be able to track signs and crimes, and grab messages in less direct ways. If Greg is quiet, I know he's on a case, and I clear my schedule. I've seen a pattern with you. If Greg is posting on Twitter or Facebook, you respond four times quicker than you do to anyone else. On Thursdays, given the social convention of
He wakes up with a slight headache (oh, yes, he'd bumped the headboard last night a couple of times) and a grumbling stomach. Robert rolls towards him, his face pink and creased from the sheets.
John hails a cab (it always takes longer without Sherlock's long arms) and criss crosses through alleys to the cafe. He doesn't see Sherlock following him, but he doesn't want to take that risk. Mycroft meets him at the door behind the cafe, near the bins; he's wearing dress down clothes and a hat obscuring his face. John would laugh if it weren't so serious.
"Please, we will be a mess together. I want you."
Greg looked at Sherlock, "Oh, I see. I just, I didn't-" Mycroft gave him a look, and Greg stopped talking.
Sherlock looked, feeling a bit dizzy. Had John left? Where was he? He heard John calling his name, but he still couldn't find him. He recognized John on the edge of the crowd, approaching him. Sherlock hadn't seen him right away as he was wearing a Holmes tartan. Dressed smartly, his hair and beard combed and slicked with oil, John came up to Sherlock, clicking his jaw closed with his finger tips.
anyone, really, just knock them out, I think I've got the chemical ratio correct. But, I need a lab with a ventilation thingy and safety googles and I need a new chemistry book, the last one got eaten up by something, not sure, it turned blue and ended up a blob under the bed-"
Thank you for reading.
Moriarty cracks his neck from side to side, and sends Mycroft a text, "The same."
Even though Moriarty is standing in front of John, he continues to address Sherlock, relaying the information that led them to this point. For Chrissakes this feels just like a speech from Bond villian Dr. No.
He stepped away from the jeweler counter fifty seven minutes after entering the door. The engraving, with the foreign language notation, took longer than usual. With a click of the bell, he came out into the dimmed sunlight, breathing in the London air. He patted his pocket, making a show for the cameras.
"Let me show you my flat, before we go to dinner," Sherlock said, linking his pinkie around John's, "I can drop off my bag and we can walk from there."
The air was cold and their breath puffed out from under the quilt. Sherlock watched as John, in one swift motion, grabbed at a vial under his pillow and rolled Sherlock underneath him.
John sat beside Sherlock, their thighs touching. Sherlock only began eating after John reminded him, twice, that he needed to eat something before it went cold.
John Watson, M.D. fell asleep for three hours, lulled into a dreamless sleep. When he woke, he decided to change the topic of his speech to something he felt was closer to the truth. Something that the crowd needed to hear. He scratched out and rewrote sections, understanding that he needed to talk about his life after the army as a type of therapy. He had hidden from it too long, and it had taken a toll on his ability to form meaningful relationships with others.
Sherlock took two large strides and stood in front of John, pressing him up against the wall, "You mean this, every word you said?" He asked, looking down into John's face.
"It's just a scratch, Sherlock, not fatal."
The detective, his shirt half buttoned, doesn't let John finish. He crosses the room, takes John in a kiss, hands on either side of his face. "I know. I know. I trust you. Should I wait for you here?"
John needed a few moments to himself to review his plans and determine what materials he had to purchase. Sherlock didn't realize how tired he was until he curled up in the corner to rest. His eyes drooped as he put his head on his knees, watching John through his curls.
"You did, you decided to pick me up yourself, rather than waiting for me?" He continues smiling at Mycroft; he feels Robert's warmth off of his leg.
John pursed his lips, looking into Sherlock's face. Sherlock put his head on John's shoulder, his hand on his chest, "No, that's not all I want. I like you, too. I've just never had a boyfriend before. So I don't know how to do this."
Sherlock leaned forward to look into John's eyes, "Are you still ok with me?"
John handed Sherlock the phone, and Sherlock held it away from his face as if it were a snake. Hamish was crying and causing the speaker to crackle and whine. Sherlock attempted to speak, but Hamish would talk over him and continue down his train of thought. Sherlock was reduced to nodding and humming in agreement, with John leaning in, only catching every third word. Sherlock asked if Hamish wanted to talk to his father again, but Hamish had already hung up the phone.
He hears muffled yelling from somewhere overhead. "John, John. John!"
Sherlock felt his face turn pink. He went to the costume shop and saw Molly, the head costumer, sewing on a pair of dress slacks for the lead actor. She didn't say a word, but just raised her eyebrows as he went to the dryer to collect his (now clean) clothes from last night.
"What does 'Three Continents Watson' mean, daddy?"
"Oh my....S'lock...how could you think...ohmygod I love you." They are both desperately pushing into each other now, looking into each other's faces, open. John feels Sherlock's cock rubbing against his lower stomach and his hair tickles; he grinds up harder, pushing up with his thighs, lifting them both up off the bed.
John looked at Mycroft, and they slowly snuck through the door, down a hallway, and fanned out into a larger room with a cement floor. Three men stayed outside to guard. John was reminded of an extraction mission of a POW accompany a group of American soldiers. They'd snuck in, put bullets through four insurgents skulls, came out with a beaten American army doctor that he patched up as best he could before the ambulance helicopter arrived.
John turned and reached up on his toes to kiss Sherlock's mouth. They'd been apart for what felt like months, as all the packing and moving had left them exhausted. Sherlock whispered mischievously into John's ear, "He's asleep," and pulled John into their bedroom. John's belly heated with the thought that they had a bedroom, together, where their clothes hung side by side, where they had their slippers underneath the bed, and their end tables contained accessories that they didn't dare want Hamish to get into.
"Next piece is Moriarty. Mary is meeting him to discuss their plans. He's not shared this information with us. We will be there as well. We do need to keep her alive to make for sure she's not carrying John's child; though we know that's highly unlikely. I believe that's part of her reasoning. Protection."
"No," Sherlock said, "No, sleep is boring."
The doctor, a shorter man, blonde, with a horrible mustache, had taken chase after a man half naked and covered in blood. The doctor had shouted at the ambulance crew, "Neck first, now," which caused the murderer to make a run for it from behind a large dumpster.
"Yes. Between you and I, John." Sherlock huffs.
"Sorry, my, uh, little cabin in the woods doesn't have much furnishings. It's missing a coatrack, among other things." John grins, kissing Sherlock, rubbing his pelvis up against Sherlock. They moan into each other's mouths.
"Sherlock, please, fuck me," it comes out as a whine; he's grinding against his hipbone trying to reach Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock turns, looks down at him, pulling his chin up for another slow, sweet kiss. The more John pushes for friction, the slower Sherlock kisses back. He runs his fingers in small circles across John's shoulders.
John rolled them, milking both of them until there was nothing left. They laid down, facing one another, the sticky mess on John's hands, their thighs, and bellies. They watched each other, looking into each other's faces, as their breathing slowed and returned to normal.
John slept in fits and starts, and spent the morning fussing over his hair and practicing his vows. At 11:30, he dressed in his deep blue suit. He had to admit that the hue brought out the color in his eyes, and he wondered if Sherlock had picked it out.
(See the end of the chapter for
The stranger continued, "They kept you busy, then?"
Now, confident in his ability to read people, he is following Mary Morstan. She's a few paces over on the other side of the street; simply walking. With her, though, there is never anything 'just' happening at all.
"Because, we care about not catching whatever diseases were on that foot and fingers that were in there, and we care about you, too. Hamish thought you'd get mad and then realize we did it because we liked you."
John smiled, wrapping his right arm tighter around Sherlock's neck, resting their foreheads against one another. "No, you've not done a thing wrong. We just haven't talked about the case at all. I don't know what happened after the wedding. I don't know why Elias shot you, or how we ended up getting married for sure! I've got bits and pieces in my mind, but everything is fuzzy."
"You ok, with her, and this…bringing anything up?" So, that then.
He was aching.
As she steps into the room, she looks at Sherlock through half closed eyes, shock registering on her face; unable to mask it. She cocks her head to the side and raises an eyebrow at Mycroft.
The piece has to be far more theatrical, far more practical. It will be a structure that must fool one of the craftiest assassins of their time.  The outside is as intricate as the inside. A partial wall enclosing what is meant to be seen as a Leinster Gardens facade. An entrance into a false floor that juts over the trains behind the facade. A built room created near and around the actual buildings. Soundproof. Slits in the corners that can't be seen from the inside. Furniture perfected to look real, but bullet proof. Fire proof.
"Ok. Let me finish cleaning and I'll be right there," John heard the door click shut as the only reply. He hardened in anticipation. Though he doubted the gift of clothing was sexual in nature, the trashy part of John's brain was excited to even be invited into Sherlock Holmes' bedchambers. He scrubbed every inch of himself, making sure if he were inspected by the younger man he would be satisfactory. His arsehole and bollocks tingled with the extra attention, and he suddenly realized it had been a very long time since he'd had sex. All his energy the past couple months hadn't been spent on pulling women and men as it had been during his
Sherlock and John loaded into a cab, Sherlock typing furiously on his phone. He backtracked to where Mr. Hudson lived, or the places he might have taken them. He worked through a variety of motives. He figured that the man had only been after Mrs. Hudson, but with Hamish there as a witness, he had taken him reluctantly. He would be running somewhere, possibly using the boy for blackmail against Mrs. Hudson. The other possibility he didn't want to think about was that he would kill or hurt the boy to get him out of the way.
Something was different. Something was wrong. She'd arrived too early, on the wrong day of the week.
Robert texts him, asking him for confirmation of his blessing and a bit of good luck.
John wiped at his eyes, "I love Greg, he and Mycroft are really good for each other. I wouldn't ruin it. I love him too much for that," John looked at the floor, "Your turn. I've bared my soul to you, even though you knew it all. Tell me something about you. Explain what Mycroft told me."
"I no longer can continue this façade." Final. There would be no discussion, then, "I find no way out of the wedding, which will take place in three days. All the papers are filed, but Mycroft will annul it immediately. I obtained another room on another floor, letting the captain believe I want to be away from my," he stumbled on the next words, "fiancee before the wedding night, as I am an old fashioned romantic. Friday at 1pm is the wedding. I arranged for a suit in your size to be delivered to the room." At this, Sherlock got up from the bed and moved to leave.
He proceeded to talk about his history, making a point to turn away from the interpreters. It was apparent Sherlock had decided to give his own presentation on what John said, so there was no reason for John to stay turned for him to lip read.
In the moonlight streaming through the window, and from the faint lamplight he saw John shake his head. "No, no. I don't want to impose or wake them."
"Robert," Mycroft is at a loss. This is beyond, far beyond any negotiation he's every been through. Everything is, muddled. Confusing. Conflicting. He doesn't know what else to say, but, "Please come back to bed."
Mycroft sits up. Robert adjusts so he's propped by an elbow, splayed over Mycroft's thighs. His posture is relaxed, but he's poised to keep Mycroft from bolting.
"Captain Dr. John Hamish Watson." He repeats himself, punctuating every word.
Sherlock looked up, licking his lips as he looked at John's body from the top of his head to his feet. John growled, jumping onto the bed and covering Sherlock with his body. He dug his face into the crook of his love's neck, kissing and drawing blood to the surface. He moved down Sherlock's long body, hiking up his kilt. He teased him, "Let's see what's under your kilt, shall we?" John plunged his head under Sherlock's kilt, puffing warm air over his thighs. Without warning, Sherlock's cock was engulfed with hot heat. All Sherlock saw was the outline of John's head bobbing underneath his kilt, the fabric covering his beloved to the middle of his back. He threw his head back as John sucked hard, curling his toes. Sherlock watched as John put his hands under his own kilt, pleasuring himself as he suckled on Sherlock.
passing the video back over so John could watch it. John grinned back at Sherlock, finding the video for
Sherlock blushed, holding the playbills in his hands, twisting them slightly. The paper was wrinkled and sweaty by the time they were dropped at the station.
He's absolutely in knots over asking out Robert again. Four days? Is it too soon? He's seen him a few times, in the hallway between their offices, and they have passed each other with smiling, side glances. Mycroft recalls his few (and far in between) dalliances and secret relationships. Only four  days, and thinking of Robert has him driven to distraction.
Sherlock felt warm. He enjoyed being close to John. They'd never been this close before. Sherlock had never seen the amber flecks in his blue eyes, nor the light freckles across his nose and cheeks.
After spending most of the day working on the case, the three of them decided to leave everything on the kitchen table for the next day. Sherlock laid on his back, lazily rolling circles on his chest and stomach, remembering how it felt to hold John in a tight hug.
Sherlock grinned as he ran his fingers over John's hand to take the phone back. He typed a response, turning the phone so John could read it.
"We orbit each other," Sherlock adds.
Sherlock looked down, seeing only the crown of John's silvery, blonde head, "I should be thanking you. I would be home, alone, miserable."
Sherlock shivered as he helped John sit back down. He laid John's kilt on the bush, spreading out all his clothing so they dried efficiently. He looked at the tartan pattern, considering for a moment how different his life was becoming based on the tartan he'd worn one day.
"Sherlock, Sherlock honey," John put everything down and came to his side, "Are you ok? Are you hurting?"
When on a honeymoon, that was all that was really needed.
"Until Christmas. A little over 4 months. And you will pass notes back and forth through me, with possibly a few visits, as that will be normal. But you will be busy misleading Mary. Your seeming innocence, John, and Sherlock's absence, will lull her into a false sense of security."
"Why do you ask? Do you think you're in love?"
Sherlock blinks throughout the child's speech. Every time he opens his mouth to get a word in, or to ask him to leave, the child launches into another tirade.
John's came closer, keeping his eyes focused, "Sherlock, you don't have to do this. If you don't want to. We could find a way to merge flocks in trust, or set up loans. You don't have to marry me."
John kept talking, "But if I don't stretch you and get you moving you'll be in worse shape soon." Sherlock took in a deep breath. He was shaking. John's face was only a few inches from his.
luachmhor = (adj.) Of high value or worth. Precious.
Sherlock coughed. John heard the rustle of paper, "I bought you something. But the wrapping may get ruined in the humidity. I'll take it to my room."
"We always knew're laddie Johnny was a soft'un for th'poor an' wea'r sex. Ne'er thou't 'ed go to th' ver' poor Holmes clan."
"Yes..." John knows, understands what Mycroft is going to say. John is ill. This will be worse, this will be worse.
Mycroft's face, which is normally calm, complacent, haughty, is transformed. If anyone saw him watching out the window from the street below (entering Speedy's, calling a cab, looking up at the famous Sherlock Holmes window) they would have seen incandescent wrath. An observer below would not have recognized him.
Those outside theatre thought the difficult part of theatre was the endless productions, acting in the theatre night after night. No. That was easy. Once the play was memorized and engraved into your bones, going on the stage night after night was rote. It became fun.
John was taken aback. He remembered nearly five years ago when he'd decided to change, after he'd had the completely awkward and embarrassing encounter with that BSL interpreter. He tried to recount the man's name, but at first all that came to mind was dark hair, gorgeous eyes, and legs that went for miles. John blurted out, "Sherlock."
Sherlock shut his eyes. He puckered his lips, waiting. John thought it was preciously adorable, but he didn't dare laugh. He gently kissed those puckered lips, and John could feel Sherlock trembling.
Mycroft jogs back to his car before John can ask another question.
John pulled Sherlock, manuvering him to sit on the bed. John stood in front of him, holding his head in his hands, "O' my wee li'l scone. I've been i'love wi'yee for a long time. You dont 'ave to wear a thing 'or me, laddie."
John couldn't determine how Sherlock meant his name this time. It wasn't playful, or fearful, or angry. It was plain, simple, his name on Sherlock's lips. Sherlock didn't say anything else, but went downstairs to begin packing. John followed behind with his suitcase.
With that, John felt Sherlock move even slower. Sherlock still didn't speak, but used his palm to grind John down into the metal bench. He hissed as the metal scratched at him, his shirt the only barrier that kept it from drawing blood. In Sherlock's other hand he held his cock, like a punishing instrument, he continued to use it only to run around the rim of his anus, dipping just the tip of it inside of John.
Robert raises his eyes at Mycroft; he gives him the phrases he imagines his brother would use. Robert resets and types as Mycroft speaks.
He remembers Sherlock here, doing his best to care for him in his illness, when their plans were falling apart in a disastrous fashion. He sinks to the floor, pressing the heels of his hands to his eyes. He sits, staring at the floor in front of him, watching the shadows lengthen and the sunlight disappear.
"Yes," Sherlock huffs, "you've called at an inconvenient time. Can't you tell by my voice that I've found him?"
She'd even glued it down so he couldn't remove it.
-----
Sherlock makes the exaggerated, crude gesture again. John starts laughing and takes the phone back.
"Why should I treat him any differently?" Sherlock asked, "He's a remarkable boy, with a remarkable father. I don't know many doctors that chase criminals and shoot them in alleys."
Mycroft equates it to watching a couple waltz, a couple that's been together so long they know when to sway, step forward, or back. No words. Nudges and anticipatory movements from two halves of the whole. John tells Sherlock an inappropriate joke in the middle of their macabre discussion of Mary and Moriarty and Magnussen. Sherlock laughs and gently pokes John in the ribs. John laughs, rubbing Sherlock's curly hair, and Sherlock tilts his head into the touch of his fingers. They forget for a few moments that Mycroft is there, but Mycroft bites his tongue and just observes.
Sherlock continued, talking into John's ear, "I was so angry, I had to prove to everyone how clever I was. I had no friends. I….started using cocaine. I was scared to be near anyone. It was….I was always doing dangerous things to keep myself entertained and busy. Mycroft pulled me aside, he was so disappointed, and told me that he didn't almost spend his life in jail just to watch me throw my life away, or kill myself, or live my life pushing others away. He helped me learn how to solve other cases, and we started working with Greg, that's how they met."
Right now, they were putting up "Fly Loft," which was no better than a reboot of "Waiting for Guffman." The play was about a theatre company whose main character (spoiler alert) dies - either from an accident or someone else killing him.
John hugged Sherlock to himself, allowing his head to fall onto his chest.  Sherlock sighed, rubbing his hand up and down John's back. They didn't hear Hamish walk up beside them.
The young man speaks up, turning down a side street. "Well, there's a very small place with rooms to rent over here. My dad is was in the service, too. Come to our place."
John shushed Hamish  as he pushed down a third time on Sherlock's sternum. His back made popping noises.
John smiled at everyone, greeting them. He moved to the only empty chair at Sherlock's side. As they all sat, Sherlock felt John's hand brush his.
Through the archway just off the stall was a small groomsman room. Sherlock was unsure of the man's wealth and status.
John sat up and let Sherlock lead him to the prop closet. Theatres were always so pressed for space they would hide and tuck props, furniture, and old costumes into every available hiding place. Lights were kept under stairs. Costumes stored near makeup boxes. These props were stored in a sound proof, cinder block room next to the furnace and boiler.
John looked at Sherlock, not answering, looking him over from his eyes, to his chest, his ears, and then he finally brought Sherlock's left hand to his mouth. He kissed Sherlock's knuckles sweetly, reverently, as he told him, "You are my delight. You make me laugh at how you see the world. I am not laughing at you. I am laughing because you wanted to be different than all the thousands of other Scotsmen named William. You made your own name."
"Well," John began, pushing the fringe out of his eyes. He looked around at everyone at the table as he spoke, "That's all up to Sherlock. I've money, and land, and livestock, but no close family. My parents died of illness. My sister married and moved away to live with her wife. I've only got my grandpa's brother and the farmhands to watch all the inheritance. It's easier for me to move my belongings to him than it is for him to move his family."
"Are you friends with daddy? Or Uncle Greg?"
John rubbed his eyes again, shaking his head 'no', "Jesus, I don't talk about this with anyone, I'm a mess. I'm so sorry."
"Sherlock, they'll make the best decision they can. Let's go back to the theatre and wait for John. I'm sure that's where he will end up."
Tavis shook his head, muttering under his breath, "Dammit, Victoria."
"William, that is not the Holmes tartan," Sherlock stated, holding it up in his fingers. The Holmes tartan design was mostly a deep blue with a few stripes of black. This tartan that he held was a woven design of greens, reds, yellows that formed squares as the small lines of colors draped over each other. So used to seeing all his family in the unlined dark blue, this type of tartan was striking and vibrant.
John was smiling. Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock could see his parents looked slightly scandalized, but he didn't care. He reached forward and grabbed John by the back of the neck and kissed him, opening his mouth for a moment to taste him. Sherlock's heart ached with longing. As he pulled away from the kiss, everyone erupted into cheers and calls. John asked, "Are you ready to leave? I have the wagon packed."
John asked him how he got involved in detective work.
Sherlock released John's hand. John used his right arm to draw them close, then his left palm he licked. Sherlock felt John's cock against his own and he felt the waves of orgasm already beginning.
John pushed his chair back, grabbing the oil and pocketing it into his own kilt. He held out his hand, and Sherlock took it, shaking. He had no idea what Tavis had to do with what John was going to do to him.
"No," John answers, arm over his eyes to block out the light, "I was a little preoccupied." He peeks out from under his arm to see Sherlock smiling.
"Sherlock." He pops the 'k' in his name, an obvious and annoying imitation. Sherlock can't keep his eyes from rolling. A knee jerk reaction.
He walks away, snapping his heels against the pavement. John calls after him, "Mycroft-"
Robert takes a deep breath, "It's clear you don't form attachments, or catch on when people have crushes or are flirting with you, and you refuse to believe compliments or terms of endearment. You're more apt to believe I'm distracting you from a big catastrophe than the honest truth that I've been crazy about you for months but that you were so distant because you were dating that Detective Inspector Gary-
John texts Shelock a message so he won't worry "Sleep well, sweet prince. I will be home soon."
John suddenly smells Claire de Lune, thinks of Sherlock, bleeding on the floor, Magnussen mocking him, "he got shot." He listens and repeats back the plan to Mycroft, as he is a Captain, used to giving orders, taking orders.
"William Stuart Holmes," Sherlock answered, stroking the reddish, soft hairs on John's jaw. He leaned in, nuzzling the hairs on his chin.
John turned and laid beside Sherlock, wincing a bit as he turned.
The objective had been to keep Sherlock away, since he had the uncanny ability to get himself into trouble. Since he was still healing. But no, bloody idiot had to come here, showing them up, beating them here.
"Hello, my name is Angelo." As he spoke, the man signed, allowing Sherlock to more easily follow the conversation. "Sherlock here got me off a murder charge, proving I was off another place robbing a house." At this, Sherlock and Angelo sign back and forth animatedly. Finally, Angelo sighed. He continued speaking, signing at the same time, "Sherlock says he was only interpreting. However, I know for a fact he sees and understands more than the police ever will, so I am positive he pointed the DI in the direction of the evidence they missed to catch the real killer." At this praise, Sherlock blushes, but Angelo continues, speaking and signing together, "Now, let's get the best seat in the house for you and your man, right where the lighting is best with extra candles." John is thrilled at being seen as Sherlock's man, and overjoyed that he didn't correct Angelo's assumption.
Rather than speaking, Sherlock fled the table. John heard Sherlock's door snap shut. John waited, continuing to eat, hoping Sherlock would decide to come back out when he cooled down. When he was finished with breakfast, he listened at Sherlock's door. He went to the front window and watched the traffic. He went back into the kitchen, wrapped Sherlock's food, drank the rest of his coffee, and put on a light jacket as he grabbed his keys and wallet. Before leaving, he knocked on Sherlock's door. He held his ear to the door, but he didn't hear a sound.
"Better," Sherlock replied, opening one eye as he peeked out from under the cocoon of John's tartan, "I was frightened this morning when I'd forgotten who John was. Why we were in bed together."
"I love you, my darling Sherlock, and I am not leaving your side," John kissed him, pulling him over onto his shoulder. Gently, he ran his fingers over Sherlock's hair and back, "I am here. I waited years for you, and I was terrified I lost you. Goodnight, luaidh."
God, it comforted John to no end that Sherlock looked absolutely bored and annoyed, "They would be dead from your ambush."
John cursed his broken body. If he could, he would ravish Sherlock right now. Instead, he described what he would do to his husband, if he had the strength, "Sherlock, if I could, I would kiss you senseless. I would run my hands up and down your back, your ribs, leave bite and kiss marks on your neck where you couldn't hide them. If I had the use of both my hands, I would use one to run my hands up the back of your neck, into your hair, pushing you close as I kiss you with my lips, my tongue. I wouldn't stop kissing you, until you are writhing, and begging me to strip you down to nothing and have my way with you…."
you are so clever. I knew you would find the next clue. You remember everything. Even the story of how I became absolutely lovesick from watching you. The color purple is for the passion I feel for you, that I long for the warmth and constancy of you in my bed and at my side. Green is for the grass that was wet with dew where I watched you dance for the first time. Red is for your lovely cheeks and neck. They flush so beautifully when you are in passion or embarrassed. I didn't know who you were when I rode up on you dancing. You struck me as a young boy, barely a man, beautiful and sweet. My heart was truly yours when I learned the stable boy and Sherlock Holmes were one in the same."
He hears Mycroft come up the stairs (more accurately, his steps, and the staccato of his umbrella) and hears him calling for him. When Sherlock doesn't answer, Mycroft timidly pushes open the bathroom door.
She sits down. Before she's even settled in her seat, John begins hounding her with questions.
"How'd that happ'n?" John mumbles, laying back down.
"You didn't make that casserole. Someone else made it-" Sherlock's voice is raising in volume. Mycroft walks over to Sherlock, searching his face, "Please, Sherlock. Stop."
Tavis looked at Sherlock, his corn blue eyes soft, "I don't know, 'Lock, my da just said your mummy was close to a match. And she was placing you in your betrothed's tartan to draw attention to you when he arrives."
John pressed in close to Sherlock, "Please, may I kiss you? Please?"
"Or did your mother ever call you Mycroft? Or vice versa?"
Tavis threw the bath water outside, then came back to check on Sherlock. He was already asleep, his long, damp hair fanned out underneath his head. Tavis covered him with a blanket, then exited the Holmes house into the front pasture. In the dusk light Tavis could barely see John Watson marching towards him.
"Oh, Sherlock," John grabbed his beautiful curls with his right hand the moment Sherlock's head was close enough. Sherlock nuzzled into the crease of John's hip, alternating blowing air across the downy hair and leaving delicate, wet kisses along the skin. John was squirming, thrusting slightly in a hint to get Sherlock to move faster, but he responded by putting his hands on the tops of John's thighs and pushing down. John moaned, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
She wasn't pregnant. No belly. No waddle. She was thin again, walking briskly. Possibly, thinner than when he'd first met her.
Harry Watson was a marvel at Stage Management. Had been since high school. Where there would be a group of disorganized and wild children, she would whip them into shape and demand full concentration. Every schedule was made to the minute for maximum efficiency, and even her teachers and professors deferred to her judgement. She was Equity, and was moving to New York after this season.
She seems clean, no bulges in the back of her pants or her coat.
"There you are," Sherlock pants as John continues kissing down his body; John's erection is drumming against Sherlock's inner thigh. John rubs the two of them together and Sherlock arches; his hands are still pinned, "Oh, Christ. John. John, my John," John has to let go as he moves down Sherlock's body; to his navel, his trail of hair. He takes Sherlock in his mouth while rubbing his thighs, his beautiful arse, Sherlock pops himself up on his forearms to watch John kiss and suck him senseless.
John nodded. He felt tears prick his eyes again, "Sorry, Sherlock, I don't know why I'm so weepy today. I'm sorry."
"John, I don't understand why you want to do that. Why you want to do it that way," Sherlock looked at the floor, "Is everything you do just for convenience?" Sherlock looked up at him, then his watch.
John removed his hand from under Sherlock's kilt and pulled him close. Even though Sherlock was a head taller than John, he made him feel safe and grounded in his strong embrace. John stroked his beloved's cheek, running his finger over his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Lie with me, Sherlock. You are so lovely," John said, weaving his fingers in between Sherlock's. He could feel John's pulse on his wrist as he pulled back the covers on the bed.
"How, sweetheart? What do you mean?"
But they did remind Billy, when the two of them sat in their chairs in front of their fireplace, of John and Sherlock in their quiet moments.
Tavis attempted to put Sherlock's arm over his neck to pick him up. Sherlock dug in, keeping his body on the ground.
Roderick, Mycroft, and Sherlock go to Mummy and Daddy's house on their own, just the three of them. Mycroft is using a cane to walk, and holds onto Sherlock's arm. Daddy responds with a squeal of joy. Mummy grabs Roderick's ear and shrieks, "If any of my boys fake their death, or leave us, or pull any other stunts of this nature, I will turn absolutely monstrous."
This left John and Sherlock with an excuse to be alone outside for a few moments. They were still standing incredibly closed.
John waited a few moments, unsure if he was going to hear from Sherlock directly or if he would just direct him to a location. His phone pinged.
"I do have Hamish. But he's so mad at me, I can't talk to him. He won't tell me what he's deduced, because that's
John jumped away from Sherlock and was at Hamish's side, mitigating the damages, "Stop! Hamish, the batter is running all over, you just use a little at a time."
Sherlock looked between Jaime and Tavis. Their eyes were open, not breaking eye contact. They appeared to Sherlock that they were telling the truth.
Drugging. Billy had resorted to drugging. Of course, Sherlock's protégé would also be an expert chemist.
Sherlock. Do you want me to touch you?"
John laughed, running his thumb over Sherlock's lower lip, "Will you be alright, my love?"
The nurse left, and Sherlock pulled himself closer to John. His eyes were glassy, and he touched noses with John, "I'm so happy you're….oh, John." Sherlock began crying again. John rubbed Sherlock's hands and he could tell by the feeling of his skin that he was dehydrated.
"Yes, yes he'll be fine. Sleep, I'll be here when you wake up," Sherlock slept, feeling John's arm wrap around his midsection.
"I love you, husband, but sometimes you have the detective skills of a goldfish," Greg protested, but Mycroft kept talking, "He's been," he mouthed the next two words so the children didn't catch on, "
As he pulled up, he saw Sherlock getting out of a red 1970s Mercedes Benz. He came out looking like a fashion model. Gray button shirt, black pants, pea coat. The top of his gray button down was undone, exposing part of his throat. He looked around, scanning the home and the neighborhood surrounding it. As John exited the cab, he stared at him a moment, his mouth drying.
"You're absolutely right. My family is poor. I am not good enough for John Watson. No one is. He's brave, and handsome, and kind. But you are a jealous man. Your clothes are threadbare and repaired repeatedly by your shaking hands. Shaking hands indicate you have unsuccessfully tried to withdraw from drinking mead several times. You're a distant cousin to the Watson clan, desperate to do anything to get in their good graces and into their favor. You hang around them as a whipped dog, hardly making yourself useful. Now, you use your words as a weapon to press me away. You are wasting your time with me. I know my worth. John Watson is certainly more wonderful than I deserve. And I know
Mycroft is continuing to read John's face, or his clothing, or the way he's holding his lips in a tight, gray line. Perhaps he's looking at his hair sticking up at all angles, or the wrinkles in his clothes. John just stands, ready for orders. He's ready for war. He almost feels his gun in the small of his back, his hands itching for it, but he stands still, waiting. Mycroft needs to call this, John isn't thinking straight. He knows enough to understand that this is a danger area for him. He hurt and missed.....so he married out of duty for something he started. But he would have waited, if he had any idea. His allegiance is clear.
"Mycroft, the same can be said of me. Trust me. I will do whatever it takes. I won't survive otherwise."
Sherlock had to put it out of his mind if Hamish was being abused. He would lie to John if he had to, at least for a while. John was already in a frantic state. He explained the one time he'd lost Hamish in a store for half an hour led to him calling an ambulance due to a full blown panic attack. Sherlock kissed his forehead, holding both his hands, "I'm here now, we'll go through this together, and get him back together, yea?"
"I called ahead," Sherlock explained.
Sherlock sighed, sat back, and advised he'd rather tell him someplace more private. It was a long story to tell.
"I..well.."
At the same time as the seven are being processed, Mycroft, Lestrade, and John are heading towards the Thames riverfront, near the Holborn Viaduct. They're searching for Billy. Questioning each member of the homeless network, handing out money to earn new information.
Sherlock shook, "John, John please. Please."
"Wrong, Mr. Holmes. Again."
John wanted to look at Sherlock but he kept his gaze steadily on his son. He debated a moment on how to answer, or why Hamish felt the need to ask the question. His son's mind was always 15 steps ahead, so he decided to proceed the way he normally did. Asking for clarification.
Heed tag warnings.
Sherlock is supposed to wait for Robert, Mycroft's operative, to shoot Magnussen.
Sherlock, in an act of petulance, is in John's chair. He doesn't want her in it. No one but John, and if not John, him.
John exhales through his nose, breathes in through his mouth, for a few moments. Just outside of Sherlock's hospital room. (Jesus, Christ....how many times has he waited outside a hospital room for Sherlock.)
The press conference was being held in NSY, the lead table full of detectives. Leading the charge was Detective Sally Donovan, filling in for the head of the department, DI Greg Lestrade.
John laughed, "No, I'm surprised you couldn't tell. I build houses, Irene had to get on me about screwing and gluing everything like it was meant to last for 100 years. She wanted me here for my expertise in making things structurally sound, but I imagine once this set piece is done I'll go back to homes."
He picks up his phone. It's a rare time indeed, but he dials the King of Spain's protected line.
Robert speaks again, "Samantha and Ramona both know I was talking about asking you quite a bit, that I've wanted to date you for a while."
John tried to come up with a good reason why he didn't think of Molly. He had none. He gave an honest explanation.
"I don't understand." Is all he can say, his words echoing in the room. Mycroft moves himself so he is between John and the two men at the table.
Without thinking about it, Sherlock surprised himself by lifting up John's hand and kissing it. He pressed his lips to the knuckles, then to the palm. He had seen his parents kiss each other's hands that way, and his brother had kissed Gregory's hand that way. Perhaps he would feel affection for his betrothed if he acted it, the way he saw his parents and brother do so.
Duran Montgomery had just brought in a deceased who was found murdered under a bridge near Reagent's Park. He was unidentified. A cord was wrapped around his neck, his face blue and skin mottling from exposure. John would need to run experiments to determine the time of death and exact cause.
As they came around the corner, they saw a man pulling on another man. They were fighting, drunk, and it appeared one man was trying to make advances on the other that weren't welcome. It took a split second, but Sherlock and John looked at one another, and gave chase. The culprit took off running, and Sherlock followed, John staying behind just a moment to make sure the victim was alright before continuing. They ran, through alleyways, and crossed in front of traffic. As the man was turning, Sherlock saw a glint of metal.
"John, I am not always kind, or charming. When I'm running a case for days in a row I'm quite unmanageable. My only friend is a skull named Billy; you may hear me talk to him by mistake. I dare say the reason I'm so agreeable is the rest and the company I've been keeping," As John was trailing kisses down Sherlock's neck, to his collar, Sherlock pulled back, "Slow, remember, Captain Watson?" John straightened up, moving back on the couch just slightly. Sherlock wondered if his lips were as pink as John's were.
John and Mycroft were no closer to the answer, but he knew the next step was getting Sherlock safe. He nodded at the agent, Mycroft's man, sent to guard the block. He started up the stairs, but halfway up, he heard the door open, and Sherlock came bounding down.
He was feverous.
William brought Sherlock closer to the fire and bid him to sit. In their Highlands Blackhouse most rooms ran one into the other. It was a long house, with a few glass windows, and moss growing on  the roof. At one end of the home was a barricaded wall and the sheep slept on the other side of that partition. The sheep helped keep the house warm, and they were free to wander from inside the house to outside on the edge of the hills, the stubby grassed pasture.
Sherlock heard muffled voices through the closed bedroom door. He took a deep breath, reminding himself that no matter when he went into the living room it would be awkward. As he stepped into the room, attempting to smooth down his bedhead of curls, he saw John standing next to a man that looked just like John except he had silver laced in his blonde hair and he had a few more wrinkles. His mother had brown hair, in long wavy lengths, interspersed with highlights of silver. They all beamed at Sherlock, which instantly caused his cheeks and neck to flush.
"You," John said, crowding Sherlock up against the brick wall in the alley, "Are a brilliant artist. Amazing. No one ever notices those additions and they're my favorites," John kissed Sherlock, running his hands up his ribs and chest, lightly teasing his fingertips over his nipples. Sherlock moaned, grinding his pelvis into John's.
- a sharp opening and closing of his fingers spread and then collapsing down to his thumb, mimicking an open mouth closing. John waited, silent, head cocked to the side. The man hit backspace a few times, then shoved the phone at John to read what he'd typed on his own phone.
John thought, as they touched back down on English soil, was it really just yesterday morning he and Sherlock had desperately made love on Sherlock's bed before they'd detonated their flat?
John looks at him and shrugs, "Like you said, everyone thinks we're a couple anyway. I've stopped correcting people. I don't date anymore, so it's not a big deal," John winces at his choice of words. He's trying to convey that he won't date anyone
Just as John was beginning to trace Sherlock's lips with his tongue, Sherlock's phone buzzed. He pulled away from John only after giving him a few extra pecks on his lips. John laid his head on Sherlock's chest, and he hummed against the rhythm of Sherlock's rapid heartbeats.
Sherlock had shamed John by publicly shaming an elder clan member. The rest of the clan would surely demand he leave, or worse, call John over to hear the story.
"Mr. Holmes - "
John stole a glance at Sherlock, and caught him looking back. John winked as he popped a blueberry into his mouth, and Sherlock's face and neck flushed a deep pink. After the meal, as they drank coffee and chatted about the itinerary, Sherlock put his arm around John and pulled his chair closer.
. Had been for longer than he cared to admit. And, being British, and male, he couldn't come out and say it.
John looked between her and Greg.
Sherlock rose from the floor, taking one last look at Hamish before entering the kitchen. He wouldn't make eye contact with John.
John crossed his arms, then wagged his finger at both of them, "Absolutely no cadavers!"
"Oh no," Sherlock lays his head on John's chest, his ear on his heart, and John feels moisture spreading on his shirt.
Sherlock felt his ears redden, and his thumb began to bleed from him continually biting on the skin surrounding his nail. He didn't mind being talked about while he was sitting there, but Sherlock had no idea how he was to live up to their expectations.
The ring was slipped onto John's finger, and the tray was nearly tipped as Sherlock crawled around him on the bed and kissed him. Hamish jumped up and down, grinning, interrupting the kiss. "Daddy, daddy, are you happy, daddy? I know you probably wanted to propose but papa loves you so much he couldn't wait."
As they stood together in the kitchen, they heard a doorbell. Tentative, then a knock. Giggling outside the door.
one of the ways."
Sherlock grins, writing below it,
John and Sherlock had set a date two months out for them to move in together. Hamish wished it was immediately, but even he didn't always get what he wanted.
If Sherlock could move, he would've hidden under the covers.
"Yes, love?" Sherlock's heart rate sped up. He felt the words against his ear, and the rumble of John's voice against his back.
DI Dimmock clenched his jaw and didn't say a word. He jerked his head to the left and began walking away, expecting John and Sherlock to follow. John looked at Sherlock, gesturing for him to come forward. Sherlock had a small smile on his face, and then he gave the sign he'd just learned
Sherlock repeats, "Captain Dr. John Hamish Watson."
Now John slides to the floor, on his knees, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist. He puts his head on Sherlock's lap. John feels the detective's lovely fingers timidly stroke his hair.
Robert pulls Mycroft's left hand to his fingers, and kisses every knuckle, "I'll be safe. Birth family will be in the Czech Republic. If the government sends me away as a rogue operative, I'll have my protection, and come back soon. But, I won't go without you as my husband. Marry me. I'll come back to you. This plate has our first official date and a message for you, since we can't have rings," Robert pulls out a necklace out of his pocket. It's thick, silver, with a plate on it:
Sherlock was overwhelmed. John gave up his bed and agreed to sleep on the couch. Hamish offered to give up his bed as well, explaining "Mr. Detective would love the planetarium blankets and glow in the dark stars on the ceiling." Eventually, when John discovered just how lumpy the couch was, John would sleep on the floor of Hamish's room with all the extra blankets and pillows in the house.
Sherlock nodded, smiling, "Yeah."
Sherlock grabbed all the playbills, running downstairs. Daemon yelled after him, asking where he was going. Sherlock stopped at the doorway, "We need to get to the station."
Robert hops up from the bed before Mycroft can answer, and heads to the door, "I'm going to make coffee. I want you to take some time to think about us. I've lo-" Robert pauses, sighs, starts over, "I've watched you, for a long time now, and I need you to trust me. I've loved you for a lot longer than I let on. Your decision, by the end of the day. I won't pressure you. But we are on a deadline with Magnussen and I need to know where you are with us."
She's brave and she's true
Irene didn't take no for an answer, ever. She pulled him, pushed him, cajoled him onto the stage where the technicians and builders were debating over the set design. Tedious, really. It was simple. A scrim, a bare stage, some old stage lighting for dressing, and a scaffold. He assumed that they would just borrow some old scaffolding and rig that up for the set. However, as he overheard Greg, the director, he realized it was more complicated. The top had to have a breakaway edge and a safe landing for the actor for the death scene. That would require skill and a complicated design.
Daemon sighed, "I guess based on this, you were on to something."
John didn't feel this anticipation with anyone before; not Mary, not any past boyfriends or girlfriends. He winds his fingers through Sherlock's, listening to his hiccuping cries slow and recede. He leads Sherlock to the bed, sits him down on it, and kneels in front of him, on both knees. He takes Sherlock's hands in his, moving them against his own face, kissing his finger tips.
a sweep of the hand off the chin, ending with a thumb's up. He gave John a million watt smile.
"I'm telling you not to use your cleverness or deductions
After the actors were dressed, made up, and on stage, John sat down on the couch. Not meaning to, he fell asleep, his lullaby the actors running their lines over the speakers in the green room. He cocked one eye open when he felt pressure on the couch.
John smiled, picking up the reins, urging Soilleir away from the crowd. the mare went at a brisk pace, unconcerned with the yelling and congratulations being shouted at the former bachelors. Sherlock sat right next to John, snuggling in for heat in the early morning air, "How long is it to your house?"
The pressure of hands and knife let up on his legs, but when Sherlock tried to move, he couldn't. He was dizzy, and eyesight was leaving him in white and black spots at the edges of his vision.
-----
John, perplexed with the line of questioning, tilted his head, "Yes. Enough for a life time."
"I have no idea."
"But I wanted to surprise him, too. I wanted him to think I was clever."
John takes off his shirt so he can more directly feel the silk and sinew of his lover's back. They hardly move; John keeps his ear pressed tightly to the back of his detective. John clearly hears his heartbeat, the bow pulling, the low notes resonating. He feels warm, and tired. John pulls Sherlock closer as tears trickle down his face and spreads over his shirt.
"Hi Mummy, it's Mycroft."
"Please stop staring. It's rude. It's like eavesdropping. You're upsetting Sherlock. I don't need him cranky this early in the morning," She turned on her heel and returned to her chair, both interpreters settling in as the nurse went to the podium to check the mic to begin the session.
"That didn't work with your son," Sherlock laughed, "He woke me up to tell me you were out here smoking."
Sherlock waited, hoping for a moment John would come and rescue him. The moment passed. He was on his own, "Your daddy knows you're very clever, and your daddy loves you very much. You live with your daddy every day, right?"
Indeed.
, both hands and fingers pinched together like a shadow puppet mimic of a kiss, that John knows he's not misread things. Sherlock writes down the word, helps with the sign, then taps his lips. 'Ever the gentleman,' John thinks, leaning in to give Sherlock a lovely and quick peck upon the lips. As he pulls away, John surprises himself with a sign, like muscle memory from what he practiced in the car earlier. He uses both hands to form the top of a triangle. "Home," he mouths, but to make it clear, he writes on a fresh napkin,
When they'd arranged for movers to help with the rest, and friends to help move some of the more delicate items, Sherlock and Hamish were careful to take charge of the boxes they drew on. Sherlock went so far as to cover the tops of the boxes with his coat so the diagrams and drawings were hidden from others, even from John.
At the far end of the Holmes' land, the clansmen had set up rows of rough logged benches and smoothed rocks to form a semi circle and rows of seats. The seats were facing a pile of rocks interspersed with wild flowers.
Robert's tilts his head, "Well, yea.  One of the staff told me she thought. You two were....an item. And, I shouldn't, get my hopes...up."
Sherlock shook his head. John opened his arms, offering for Sherlock to cuddle closer.  Sherlock put his head on his shoulder, but John winced away in pain.
John peeled off the long tartan, wrapping it up as a pillow, bending over to fluff up the straw bed on the floor. Sherlock caught a glance of long, lean muscular thigh from underneath the kilt.
"Hmmm,"
(What could he have meant by that?)
Greg stood there, a love bite just visible below his collar. John raised his eyebrows. Greg growled at him, "Shut it. I've heard your alarm blaring for thirty minutes now. You're ruining my trip. First you yelled about that woman's hot mouth the night before, and now this."
Sherlock answered, "It means he's traveled. Been to at least three continents."
"When?" Clips Sherlock, his eyes glancing quickly to John. He already knows the answer, written all over his brother's creased eyelids and tapping fingers. His eyes are filling, he was trying to be brave in front of his brother, but it was a losing battle. John snapped up, grabbed Sherlock's hand, rubbed the back of his neck. He'd always wanted to do that (kept himself from doing it, read the paper, walked outside) and now he could, he was allowed. He ran his fingers up the back of Sherlock's neck, up his skull, ruffling his curls. Sherlock let a few tears drip down his cheeks that John wiped away with his other thumb.
Sherlock looked up into the rearview mirror. John's eyes looked tired, and a little wet. He tried for a joke, "Hamish, you're too young for a girlfriend, or a boyfriend."
"Sorry, daddy says that's a bit not good when I talk too much and I tell everything."
Hamish looked at Sherlock as if he'd grown three heads. John was so familiar with that look. It was Hamish's,
A woman wearing perfume is near him, Jesus (Get Mary out of here! I want Sherlock!) and John feels arms and legs grip him tighter. He feels kisses ghosting against his jaw, his hairline, his lips. There are muddled noises, talking, as if through glass, and after a while the room stops spinning as much. He doesn't want this woman near him, and as her perfume waifs closer John tries to move, tries to yell and warn Sherlock but he is too sleepy. Too warm. His jaw won't open. He hopes Sherlock is safe.
"Yes, love, I'm safe."
"I, I don't mind. It's been nice to have someone to talk to-" Sherlock coughed, gasping for air. He felt sharp pain in his lungs, his sides. Dr. Watson came close, gently moving Hamish out of the way. He used his stethoscope to listen to Sherlock's chest and heart, gently running his fingers over the rib binding.
"John!" Sherlock commanded. John stopped moving, "I just told you. You're my betrothed. We are going to see each other undressed eventually. Let me help you."
As they exited the room they smelled the fire roaring and heard the family talking in the large common room. John took Sherlock's arm, wrapping his hand around his bicep and tucking him in close by his side. Sherlock stumbled as his vision swam. He was suddenly thirsty and dizzy with hunger.
handsome if you can see the diamond in the rough. You're just the tall, dark, mysterious type, yea?"
"I don't want to manipulate him, Mycroft."
"No, I am," Sherlock wanted a hole to appear and swallow him up, "I'm 25 and a virgin. I've had plenty of men laugh at me, so if that's what you're going to do, then leave-"
An older man, tall, muscled, tan, comes out of the house, affectionately hugging the young couple in the dimming moonlight. He sees John, then stands a little straighter, "William, who is this?"
Sherlock lost track of how many times he rounded the pasture on the horse. On coming back round to the house the last time, he saw John Watson and his father watching him. As he got closer, he saw Lord Watson's face was pale, and he was shaking his head. As he got closer, he stopped the horse right in front of the two men. As he jumped off the back off the horse, he came around the front, leading the horse. The stallion was completely calm.
John asked Sherlock if he was ok. No response. He stood in front of him. Nothing. Completely blank. He coughed, interjecting, "John Hamish Watson."
Sherlock rolled away from John, laughing, nearly rolling himself into the creek water from laughing too hard.
Mycroft goes back through the weaponry again. He has to be sure he'll hit his target 98% of the time with 97% accuracy.
Today's wedding, however, could not be avoided. It would involve Sherlock's entire day, and his strict participation. His family was expected to put on a wedding celebration for the eldest brother, Mycroft Holmes, to his betrothed, Greg Lestrade. They had been betrothed for one month, ever since Victoria Holmes had secured the match as the matriarch of the family.
"John, John, John." Sherlock cried out as he came, his body fluttering around John. Arching his pelvis, John came, pulsing, holding his body up with his right hand taught against the headboard.
In the two years of Sherlock being dead, John had moved on with Mary. But John and Sherlock were always close to one another, so close they were combusting under the skin, then they pushed each other away. They were like the sun and a planet. This entire trip, roundabout flight to the Czech Republic, had been a disaster. They couldn't communicate. They were destructive when they were together. They risked each other's lives, and couldn't even talk about it. It was completely fucked up.
Sherlock leans back in the couch, steepling his fingers underneath his chin, the sweaty letters tucked into his palm.
He couldn't will himself to return to Baker Street. He doubled back against other streets, walked through a park, drank coffee as he sant on a bench. John finally decided on a gesture, an apology, for whatever he had done that had upset Sherlock. Because he was British, and male, and his long distant ancestors were poets and playwrights and professional romantics, he decided he would woo Sherlock Holmes.
"I mean, he looks bloody brilliant. He's got gorgeous hair and eyes. Legs for days. Long fingers."
"Well...we.."
He'd called him boyfriend. One day and one night together. This was insane. He didn't do relationships. No one had ever wanted to spend time with him, let alone attach themselves to him so quickly. Was this a joke? He didn't sense that John could lie. His feelings were clear on his face, and he said exactly what he thought. He didn't think John had the time or the inclination for nonsense such as stringing someone along.
Sherlock didn't know why he is hurt and angry; he'd done this to Janine. He'd used Molly's feelings to get what he wanted.  He'd always used people.
"Are you sure?" John asks, "I didn't ask your names, I'm so sorry."
Sherlock shoots before the operatives hit the ground off the helicopter.
you?"
When he wakes, he hears Sherlock playing his violin. He hasn't heard him in a while; it's a slow, haunting song. John watches Sherlock play, the afternoon sun causing a slight glow around Sherlock's silhouette. John wants to wrap his arms around Sherlock, wants to kiss his neck and his curls that wrap on his nape. He doesn't want to interrupt his song.
Mycroft doesn't say much when he hands a cardboard box and places it in John's arms.
He's not sure how to feel about his return to British soil. The family reunion will need to wait.
Gavin grabbed some water and a plaid rag, bringing it to Sherlock and gently cleaned his face, "Yer dear Johnny laddie loves you, 'Lock. He was fit t'be tied when he 'eard how that Watson clansman talked t'ye. The clansman has been removed. You've nothin' ta fear. Yer laddie loves  ya mor' than all others."
"Shut up and drink it with the pills. I'm a doctor. It won't kill you."
Sherlock backs away from his brother as he stands, and returns to John's side. John goes to Mycroft, standing close to him. He knows the answers, but he needs the code, to be sure the plan has not changed.
John assumed that something might have happened, so he handed over his hand-me-down phone without question. Sherlock typed furiously, only looking down at his keyboard in quick glances, eyes steel grey and pupils wide. John didn't understand why he looked so furious and agitated. John began to open his mouth and Sherlock made a universal gesture for
"Hi, Hamish. Are you ok?"
John gave Sherlock an apologetic look, then tilted his head as he listened. Sherlock could just hear the voice of Greg and the deeper voice of Mycroft on the other line.
"I know that, daddy. You just worry about me not having friends. Mr. Detective - Sherlock - doesn't have friends - and he solves crimes and stuff."
The set is just dressing. Just an addition. John knew that. The actors were the draw. Hell, the makeup and costumes were more glorious than the simple scaffold he was building. But this was always the stressful part of any show. The tech inspection of a difficult production, then a roll into tech week.
"Two hours, Mycroft?" He hummed back in agreement, "Did you text Mary back acting as Sherlock yet?"
He wakes himself, after about forty minutes, the soldier mind never turned off, and it's early evening. John stumbles around in the near dark until he finds matches and the kerosene lamp. Digging in the pantry, he locates a can of beans and eats the food with his fingers. He can help giggling; he's like goldilocks and the three bears, breaking into houses for food and naps.
The mic squeal caused John's head to pound. Though he was just told not to stare at them, the tall man,
"What's the last thing you remember?" John asked, keeping his posture and gestures relaxed.
John gave Sherlock a smacking kiss on the lips before grabbing his hand and taking him down to his parents. His head was spinning as he watched John's kilt sway on his hips, his shins red from the cold morning air, the sinewy muscles on his forearm and bicep flexing. Tavis stopped them, taking the jar out of Sherlock's hand and gingerly removing the decorative rock, wraping the sinewy cord around his wrist and creating a bracelet, the rock lying flat across the top of his wrist. Tavis pulled another rock with sinew out of his kilt, and taking John's hand, wrapped this one around his wrist. Both rocks were decorated the same, one side decorated with the Holmes' plaid, one side with the Watson's. Sherlock looked at John with his eyebrow raised.
"Can we, can we go home tomorrow?" Sherlock asked, his voice still hoarse with sleep and from crying.
John looked at Sherlock with a raised eyebrow, doing his best to pull him in with his right hand only. "John, I just thought you were marrying me because you just wanted me with you in the hospital, or just to be around you. I didn't think you really loved me."
That wasn't because they didn't love him, it was because they didn't want to say something they'd regret.
Sherlock chooses cocaine and being alone.
Sherlock moaned, a low hum that built as he rocked back and forth. John turned and saw Sherlock still had both hands grasping the back of his chair. Untouched, John was slowly milking the orgasm from Sherlock by pulling across his prostate with every thrust. John angled his hips further, spreading Sherlock apart and causing the young man to yell. John's cock was surrounded by pulses and Sherlock's staccato heartbeat. Moaning and writhing, John pushed into him, watching and feeling Sherlock come all over his plaid and the chair, just from John's cock driving over his prostate.
Sherlock caught a tremble in John's voice and  his eyes were moist. Before he could nod his agreement, Sherlock felt John's arms pull him close so they were touching torso to knee. John kissed desperately, squeezing Sherlock close to him, his tongue teasing against Sherlock's upper lip. The younger man was trying to catalogue the sensation of the wet, warmth with the soft, dry curls of John's beard, but he'd quickly become overwhelmed. Sherlock's legs were moving of their own volition, pulsing and squeezing together. He didn't know what he wanted, but his stomach ached.
"I can. For some of it. Not the whole weekend. The 21st I have to see Sherlock and John for a bit. I'm bringing them food and reviewing the final plan since they'll be holed up for a few days before coming to Mummy and Daddy's house." Mycroft finds himself alternating between rambling and tongue tied while touching Robert. Will he ever get used to this?
"Sherlock," he said again, opening his hands and arms wide in a gesture of peace, "Do you know me?"
"John, I...." John splayed himself over him, caging him in on the bed, his forearms on either side of his ears, John's groin above his, "I thought about you, when I would touch myself, how you would look, and feel. I've never...Someone tried to touch me, on a case last week, Harold, but it was wrong. I couldn't. It wasn't you."
Mr. Watson shook his finger at her, "Don't scare him, dear, they aren't getting married."
All five enter the crack house, move upstairs. The bodies are as they were when John entered not 15 minutes before. He still has to breathe through his nose and bite his cheek to keep tears from falling. He hears Lestrade huff "Jesus" and pull out a torch to more closely examine the bodies.
prìseil = (adj.) Intensifier; a darling. Of high value.
"Stop. Just stop." Robert, even with his quiet voice, is able to command the room.  He pushes  back from his desk. Looks down at the floor. He's breathing in through his nose and out through his mouth. Willing himself away from a panic attack.
, and Sherlock blushed.
"What did you do?"
"Your violin.  You're so beautiful when you play it. I would watch you play, and you wouldn't pay attention to how much I would stare at you because you'd be playing. I love you all the time but when you play, your back, your arms..." John trails off, reaching to stroke Sherlock's face, but his depth perception is off. He nearly pokes Sherlock in the eye with his finger.
John furrowed his brow, his hands now on his hips. He didn't speak for a moment, and Sherlock took a half step back.
Sherlock stopped kissing him and pulled back, "You're thinking too hard, John, you're killing the mood."
"Wait, you found me by my shampoo?"
"Dr. Watson," he started, wanting to sound professional and knowledgeable to anyone that might be listening, "We have found this man and his next of kin. We have a problem however," and the man paused for dramatic effect, "his wife is Deaf and she is understandably distraught. We can't get her to calm down and write down her questions, and she won't be calm enough to write down hers. We are at an impasse until we can get an interpreter."
is not my strong suit, John, but you'll need to be patient with me."
John pulls himself over, ghosts a kiss on Sherlock's forehead, moving his curls out of the way with the exhale, "Sleep well." He sits down in the chair beside the bed, rubbing Sherlock's arm one more time. He tucks his head on his chin, watches the rise and fall of Sherlock's chest. He remembers the guilt and sorrow of watching Sherlock right after he was shot, staying the night and waiting and praying that he would live.
'So, Mary, you decided to bomb our flat to try and kill him? A fucking bullet wasn't good enough? Jesus Christ.' He turns off his cell as the team confirms she's received and read the message.
"You have beautiful, blue eyes. They're absolutely gorgeous," Sherlock began, and he watched John blush, "I would make sure to put on a foundation - which I won't do to you - as it's thick and heavy - but the foundation would be just a little deeper version of your natural tone. I don't want the light to wash you out, I want the audience to see your eyes as much as possible," at this, he took a brush and ran his fingertip over John's eyelid to close it, "I would put just a hint of honeysuckle and cinnamon on your eyelid and in your eye crease, to pop out the blue, so everyone, even in the back, could see your eyes."
He hadn't written in his blog for months.
Daemon spoke slowly, watching Sherlock's eyes move back and forth across his face, "His last role before this was Salieri in Amadeus. It was moderately viewed but critically acclaimed. The character infers to mustering Amadeus to become immortal, then attempts to kill himself-"
He decided to go to the pool.
"Yes."
"I'm not leaving your side," John whispered, kissing Sherlock gently. He laid facing Sherlock, but not too close, "I will wake you every few hours just to assure myself you're still with me."
He's not sure how to feel about returning home after so many years away.
Billy is forced to sit through video after video of Mycroft, Roderick, and Sherlock. He is squished on the couch in between the Holmes parents.
Sherlock nodded. He bent down so John could more easily reach his braid to undo it. He heard Tavis snicker. John replied with a sharp "Shut it, now!" which miraculously kept Tavis quiet the rest of the evening.
He recalls the first time meeting them. Sherlock had pushed them out of their flat so quickly he thought they were clients.
"John. John please. John. Stop."
"Tedious. We are here. You're supposed to be dead," Sherlock crosses his arms and legs.
John sighed, feigning being put out. He laid the kettle on the floor, waiting to judge the water level after he got in. He slotted himself behind Sherlock, tucking him in, pulling him close. Sherlock, even with his height, fit perfectly between his thighs and rested his head on John's shoulder. John put in more hot water from the kettle.
"John, I want you to fill me, I want to feel you," Sherlock pulls John's cock up, so it is fully straight, then lowers himself onto him. It's so quick, so hot and tight, John hitches, grabs the sheets. Sherlock wraps himself over John, kissing and licking his chest, nipples, collarbone.
John felt ill, which was probably good for his facial expression. His discussion with Mary had worked, but now he would have to be apart from Sherlock to work out the next part of the plan.
Sherlock leaned back to look at John, "Do you like me wild?"
He climbed back into bed, kissing Sherlock's fingers, "I wanted these days alone with you, my beloved, to get to know you, so we could go slowly, and not have any worries about building our home. I don't want you to worry. I will love everything you want to try, or anything you don't or do want to do."
Mycroft turns. Looks. John isn't sure how to interpret what he's seeing. Anger and disappointment, or possibly a distrust of speaking in the open.
Mycroft simply shakes his head no. He opens his mouth to speak, then shuts it again.
"Of course," Sherlock answered.
"Do you feel me, Sherlock? Getting closer and deeper into you? Nearly touching your prostate? Do you feel me? God, you're so tight and hot. Just barely stretching you. Can you feel me?"
John met Mycroft out in the park near St. Bart's; the same park where Mike Stamford stopped him to talk to him, and where the events of meeting his eccentric roommate first began. They decided not to meet at Mycroft's office; that would tip off, if Sherlock deduced it, that there were business dealings. They were chatting. John was nervous about his relationship with Sherlock. Mycroft worries about him constantly. All true.
John pulls away from Sherlock, smiling, and goes into the bathroom for a flannel. Sherlock is half asleep, but he gently presses apart his thighs, running the flannel over his trembling skin with soft fingers. He sees goosebumps appear on Sherlock's legs in the dim light.
"Hamish!" Josh tried to shush him, but they were both giggling.
"You would have all this extra time on your hands," He grinned, grabbing Sherlock's hand as they walked down the street, "With him solving all your crimes for you, I would need to keep you company, while he's busy working."
"It will be difficult acting like we are less than what we are to one another. But in one week. We've got to finalize my role."
John turned, kissing Sherlock's nearest cheekbone, "You don't think me odd or broken? That I may wake and forget you before I've shaken off the darkness of my panic? Or thrash out before I remember who you are?"
"You two might as well enjoy the celebration. I'd like to rest alone."
Brandishing the large, double ended dildo like a staff, he took the end of it to lift John's kilt up. Both men moaned. Sherlock held the dildo with one hand, squeezing his own cock with the other. John leaned back, pulling his kilt up around his waist. He showed off his considerable length, dark red and engorged with blood, the tip nearly purple. Impulsively, Sherlock ran the tip of his dildo up and down John's cock, studying the texture and the veins.
John kissed his mouth sweetly, just a light press of warm lips. Sherlock felt John's heart thumping wildly, and his respiration a speed up. They heard a cough, and turned to see Irene standing over them.
John had to ride a pace slower than Sherlock both due to his steed and the hitch in his shoulder. Sherlock's stallion was antsy and itching to run so Sherlock let him run out and then would trot him back to John's side.
Sherlock dressed as quickly as he could, wetting his hair, putting on a shirt with his jacket and dress pants. His heart was pounding, and he could hear Mrs. Hudson talking to John and Hamish as their voices came up the stairs. He exited the bathroom, nearly colliding with John. Hamish ran up to him, tacking him in a hug around his legs.
"Yours."
"Sherlock," John breathed back, stepping into the V of his legs, his chest pressed up against Sherlock's, "You are beautiful. Do you doubt how my body responds to you? Let me bathe you, my beauty. Let me care for you." He kissed Sherlock deeply, wrapping his arms tightly around Sherlock's neck. Sherlock shivered, running his fingers down John's hip bones. When John moved his arms underneath Sherlock's to lift him up and pull him into a close hug, Sherlock swayed.
He opened the door. She looked the same as last month, with some extra makeup, her clothing a little nicer. She explained it away, "A day on the town," she smiled, "I thought I'd stop in."
Sherlock noticed how John's eyes lit up with the praise.
He waits for further instructions.
Sherlock's heart is breaking and his mind palace begins to crumble. All he can do is put his head down and scream.
"Why aren't you on
"I like it when your hair is a little longer, too, John," He ran his fingers through John's hair as he put some shampoo in his hair, kissing his cheek and neck as he massaged down his shoulders and his back, "Is this alright, John? If I massage you?" Sherlock took the bottle of shower gel and put some in his hands. John nodded, and Sherlock moved his fingers along John's shoulders, tenderly but firmly rubbing John's injured shoulder. As he inhaled his breath sharply, Sherlock kissed him, easing off the pressure, then slowly deepening it.
John let his fork fall on his plate, huffing , finally putting his face in his hands.
Sherlock blinked, and John remembers the time he asked Sherlock to be best man. He's a little quicker to recover this time, but not by much.
He clicked off the PowerPoint, listening to the applause and seeing in the audience a few members raising their hands and shaking them back and forth. John caught Sherlock and Molly making the same sign, and he surmised it must mean
Sherlock self-consciously and quickly retreats from Mary’s embrace.
“Woahhhhhhhhheyhello?!” John brandishes his arms violently from his chair, “There is still someone breathing here! And someone will get jealousy!”
Sherlock throws himself forward and kneels down in front of John. He catches his face between his hands and kisses him on the mouth. All the flowers fly up and spread all the way on the ground around them.
“Lilies?”
Mrs Hudson thought, feeling relieved.
There’s no unfair means under such special circumstance. No-one knows better about those two than she does. It should be playing extra-hard on Sherlock, and extra-soft on John. To handle Sherlock, she’ll need the gun, the handcuff and the boot. When it comes to John, on the other hand, what works most is hugging, whining, and pleading. The tears, naturally, is the last straw.
His silhouette is absolutely stunning, Sherlock thinks to himself. The shadows of his eyelashes are like melted gold; the shape of the tip of his nose is like the Jungfrau in a sunny summer day. They’ve just picked the matching dark coloured tuxedos and grey suit pants, along with white shirts, golden-brown waistcoats and light champagne knitted ties. They’ve even got bowlers hats in matching colour with the suit pants. It seems that Mycroft has informed the owner of the store about their specific sizes, so that the suits are perfectly fit now.
A peaceful piece of piano music flows into the room from Sherlock’s ipod.
About John’s stag night, Sherlock does not remember much.
They are like two kids in quarrel, giving each other a hard time and not realizing how childish they are. It’s as clear as daylight that they care about each other that anyone in London could tell, but they themselves just refuse to face their heart and admit it.
“Oh, Sherlock, this is not a joke, definitely not a joke,” John’s other knee also touches ground and he eagerly kneels his way to Sherlock, “I swear, I’ve got a ring! Now thinking about it, it may not be a good idea to have put the ring in my inside pocket while both my hands are occupied with such a big bouquet. Sherlock, could you please hold this for me a little--?”
“Thank you, dear.” Mrs Hudson said to his back, very touched. She wiped her wet eyes, tuned her tone to a more sentimental scale, making sure the volume just audible to John, ands said like murmuring to herself, “It would be so much better to have a doctor at home in here...”
He’s now in his own bedroom, and Mrs. Hudson is in the living room, speaking to John in a whispering voice. They may think he’s asleep but every word comes clearly into his ears.
When Sherlock wakes up the next day it’s near noon. He’s in his own bed and the flat is empty. John’s not here.
John was also annoyed by Sherlock’s bipolar disorder. He tried to talk to him but in vain. He ended up pissed off and going out. Mrs Hudson stayed at 221A and peeped through the door from her kitchen: one minute, two minutes and five minutes later, she saw Sherlock stormed downstairs and followed out.
On that day, Mrs Hudson saw Doctor John Watson for the very first time.
She accompanied John to Sherlock’s tomb. Being afraid of letting the truth slip out or that John gets too sad, she cried and told him how mad and crazy Sherlock used to drive her. She kept complaining about those nerve-wracking defects and misdeeds of Sherlock’s, which were mostly true. She did not know what exactly made her tears drop, obviously it’s not because Sherlock’s dead; however, amongst all her faking-tears experience for various reasons, this time is the closest one to true tears.
He stares gloomily at the calendar, on which THAT DATE is marked by a little circle drawn by him.
“Thank you. For the wedding.” He leans up to kiss him, “I love you.”
“It was very good, thank you, Mrs. Hudson!” Hamish answered politely. He came to stand on his tiptoe to kiss the old lady on both cheeks, and added, “I was just asking Daddy how I was born.”
“Yes, Captain.”
“Yes, Sherlock.” John’s voice is so affirmative, and so close. He sounds right behind him.
Sherlock was acting so careless and impatient again and dashing out once there’s a new case, leaving the good doctor behind. The doctor looked at her with a little awkwardness and sit in the armchair to read the newspaper. Mrs Hudson was on her way downstairs to make him a cuppa when her long-time-troublesome hip felt a sting and she stumbled and almost fell.
June 21, 2011
The young woman curled up in the hard wooden chair of the interrogation room, with her tiny and slim figure trembling from head to toe. She buried her face deep in her hands and wept, tears coming down through fingers. Her delicate and lovingly pathetic form would made anyone’s heart ache for her.
“Daddy?”
“Oh my goodness,” Mary says in a theatrical tone, “did you learn it on YouTube?”
She watched this in silence for several long minutes and decided to say nothing and do nothing. John never raised his head until she retreated slowly and went back downstairs. She knew that he knew she was there; and he knew that she knew it. However, neither of them mentioned this the other day. Or any day that followed.
“Have you measured my finger on your stag night?”
“I’m not sure, John.”
“Maybe I have let you get me drunk.”
“No appetite?” John takes the spoon from his hand and scoops some cake to his mouth, “or do you just want me to do this for you?” Sherlock lifts his eyes and looks at him through his lashes, John’s eyes are fixing on him with hope: “Tell me which flavour you prefer, OK? I’m so clueless in the aspect of desserts.”
“Do I want to hear the end of that awful story?”
“Of course my arms look like I am leading, because you are going to lead, John, and I am showing you how to lead.”
Spring, 2015
Sherlock restarted in a serious manner and a fascinating tone:
“Quick choice: Tulips or calla lilies?”
The scenes at the wedding are blurry to Mrs Hudson. It’s not some kind of figure of speech. She actually cries all the way and has misty eyes. She remembers though that the sunshine is cutting through the cold winter air, reflected by the golden glasses of champagne, knocking together to make mirthful crisp sounds. The flowers are beautiful, the music is melodious, there are people smiling, fingers entwined, rings exchanged... Everything she sees is strangely amplified and exaggerated by the tears in her eyes, and it looks like a big bubble with fairytale magic.
It’s a good thing that Sherlock had moved out from the shabby old place on Montagu Street. The boy needs to be looked after. Having him living here, she can at least have an eye on his diet and daily routine. The poor kid has been so thin lately that his cheeks are sinking in. The question is, even though Sherlock would allow her to interfere with his diet or daily things, his bad temper and mischievous behaviors are no way under her control. The blond doctor in front of her, however, who is so modest, sedate and generous, seems to possess a quality that will restrain Sherlock’s caprice and balance his character. What’s more,
“I know, that’s the best part, isn’t it, Mrs. Hudson?” John says patiently, “Now he can be on the wedding. He’ll be just as thrilled as I am.”
Sherlock almost loses his balance in the middle of all the flower buckets and can see stars in his head.
Sherlock wonders why Mary is not here picking flowers, too. Oh, something about the groom and the bride aren’t allowed to see each other the night before the wedding. Brings bad luck. Ridiculous superstition.
. Sherlock flounders on his bed and jerks up the bedspreads to cover his ears.
“Mycroft and I had decided that the wedding planning should go on to avoid causing Mary’s suspicion and vigilance. If you know it, Mary could also see the difference. This morning, your brother calls me that Mary’s criminal evidence is solid and she’s been taken away by MI6. Then I… have planned the proposal to you as quickly as I can. If it’s not been in such a hurry, I could have done better.”
Major purchase.
Sherlock has never laid his thoughts upon that question much before.
“Sherlock Holmes, you are the flaring light and the only love of my life. Marry me.”
. Only in their living room, where curtains are drawn, yes. But still, it’s them dancing together.
“Why aren’t you discussing these with Mary?” Sherlock interrupts.
“Yes. Yes, yes, John. A thousand times yes.”
“You are learning fast today, John, but… but I think…what you might need is… is to get used to doing this with Mary.”
John finds himself both crying and smiling, Sherlock’s and his own tears all over face.
“Oh, good afternoon, John! And you too, Hamish little sweetheart!” Mrs. Hudson had just come out from her kitchen and came to meet them in the staircase, “How was your day?” She bent a bit to greet the little boy.
Sherlock immediately ties his arms around his torso, his voice hoarse: “Don’t go.”
John opens a royal blue velvet box. There is a small glittering silvery band in it.
“Just to the loo, then, fetching a hot towel to wipe your face.” John moves his thumb to wipe one drop of the many tears from Sherlock’s face.
“The music. It’s beautiful.” John repeats.
John is enthusiastic about marriage. This is a conclusion Sherlock has to drawn.
Two days afterwards, Sherlock insisted on leaving the hospital and came home. He still walks unsteadily, the wounds on his face are still healing, but he’s no longer as decadent as a few weeks ago. His eyes are bright again and the cool rationality has come back to him.
They won’t indeed, Mrs Hudson, they will never let you down.
Maybe due to the magical pronunciation of the French word, Sherlock finds that, for the first time, marriage is not a so repulsive concept.
Mrs Hudson is much more reassured now. Things are still not what they should be, but they are finally on the right direction, at least.
It turns out that Mary Morstan has always been working for Jim Moriarty. Professional assassin. Sanguinary crime histories. Fake nationality, fake accent, fake hair colour. Even the name Mary Morstan is a fake.
What the hell are they pulling at?
John pinches the bridge of his nose. “Sherlock, I think we should dance like a pair of people who dance, instead of dancing like two dancing-major students who are practicing in front of their classroom mirror.” He points at the mirror above the mantle, in which their images do look silly.
“I know I have a lot to explain, but now,” John is holding this ring higher to him, “are you going to say ‘yes’, or are you going to keep me kneeling forever?”
John lets Sherlock rest on his shoulder in silence for a moment for him to calm down from hyperventilation and spasmodic sobs. “Let us get you a glass of tepid water, does that sound good, Honey?” He turns his face a little to peck his temple.
“Yeah, right,” John chuckles, “that was indeed a lovely night.”
“Sorry,” John breathes heavily, trying to catch back his sanity, “I got distracted. Please go on, tell me what happens next. Although that might not be something pleasant.”
Mrs Hudson observed from the door. Politeness first, then the nerves. Two features impossible to find in Sherlock came up one after another, only three minutes after the doctor showed up. Woman’s hunch told her that this is an unusual day in her life. Something important is happening, and her tranquil life will no longer be the same.
. No, that is wrong, totally and completely wrong:
The hazel nut chocolate flavoured cakes are surprisingly tasteful.
“Apparently it’s me who’s responsible for her death. You—you said that you’d rather talk to anyone but me. You just...left.”
The ex-army doctor took a sip of tea innocently and shrugged: “There, like I just said.”
John remembers that before the fall, Sherlock is all so stroppy and sassy and wilful and bossy. He wears those expensive fine tailored suits, possesses state of the art smart phones, never rides a bus or takes tube as long as he can find a taxi. Inside the flat he orders John to obey his various instructions, bickers with his big brother when Mycroft visits; Outside the house he constantly sneers at Lestrade’s observational skills and contempts every other men or women in NSY. Despite all that, he can also make Mrs. Hudson laugh loud if he feels like doing so, and puts on that puppy eye face so that John would do anything he wants for him. Why on earth would anyone think him as a sociopath? He is clearly a so very spoiled child who gets to get everything he wants since he’s a little boy. Yet this exact little spoiled boy, has chosen to jump off that building and dived into that dangerous exile without one second of hesitation, for John. His short and plain flatmate. He’d been away from this nice little flat, away from the landlady’s delicious chocolate cookies, away from John’s tea and compliments, hid from place to place under fake names and fake identities, fought against the most ruthless and evil criminal forces on this world. His once flawless and spoiled back suffers from all the floggings, each wound openning to bones and dripping fresh blood, screaming his desperate love. Every inch of his never fading beautiful scars is evidence of his love. For John.
Carefully he retreats back into the cubicle and leaves a crack between the door and its frame through which ha can peep.
John’s thumb circles around on that small piece of skin. He bends and replaces his thumb with lips. He kisses that point reverently, with so much care and fondness. “There is no bullet hole in here, look, not a wound at all,” he covers Sherlock’s heart with one palm, “nothing but a most beautiful heart. I will never let anyone hurt you again, Sherlock, never let anyone steal your heart from me, either.”
He studies some buckets of flowers with labels on them: “If you want my opinion…I’ll say purple tulips and white calla lilies.”
“That one I am not particularly aware of. I suppose I just borrowed some familiar name into the dream. Then he’s a despicable murderer under the pretence of public figure. I—I thought I’ve got solid proofs on him, and Mrs. Hudson had talked you into going to confront him with me. However he’s so cunning that not only did he distance himself from my accusations but also made you believe that it was me who got high and slandered some innocent man as upright as him. You got so angry with me, John, so very very angry...”
“Fine.” Sherlock feels somehow embarrassed, and he begins to unfold that serviette swan.
“You and Mary are so happy about having Rosie around and are so busy taking care of her, that you rarely drop by at Baker Street to visit me. Then one day I’ve cornered some suspect at the London Aquarium, I called you to come. Mary showed up, too, earlier than you did. When she arrived, I’ve just irritated the suspect and she pulled out a gun. The bullet was aimed at me, but Mary—she jumped in front of me out of blue. She said that now she and I were even.”
Sherlock’s still rosy face tightens a bit: “I wrote a song for your wedding. Caught a murderer on the reception dinner. Deduced Mary’s pregnancy before the dancing starts.”
on the list??”
“No problem.”
“Plus, don’t worry about those criminals,” John goes on, purposely squeezing his robust biceps, “You have me, who has not been trained for nothing.”
Sherlock began in a fascinating tone:
“Hmm?” Sherlock feels like waking up slowly from a tender dream. Now they are almost pressed chest to chest, and swing together ever so slightly. His chin is one millimeter away from resting solidly on John’s broad shoulder.
“Hmm, no, I don’t think so,” John murmurs, “please forgive me to have let you know until so late. God knows how much willpower it took me to hold back and not telling you, Sherlock. But we can’t risk it to let Mary perceive anything… She is dangerous, so we have to pretend that my and her wedding is being busily prepared, and give her the false prospect where I will marry her happily and foolishly, as planned.”
“I'll eat from your palm?”
“Sure.”
“Yes. But your arms look like you are
“But, but—” Sherlock’s eyes searches around the dim bedroom but have nowhere to focus, “I’ve killed your wife, you...you said you didn’t want to see me anymore—”
“Speaking of which...
“John, I…”
“I’m teaching you to waltz. As promised.”
So it is a bright and lovely day in the spring and it’s on a suburban street, she leaned up against her red shiny car roof and faked crying. She knew it, from the moment she stepped out of the car, John’s eyes never left that charming baby. Even before she started talking, John’s appetite is fully open. He just can’t resist this kind of dramatic stimulus: hovering helicopter, racing cars, and flaunting in front of a police officer.
Although she did not approve anything such as this phone at all, she was pretty sure that it would be a bad thing if the Americans had it. Mrs Hudson stealthy removed the phone from the dressing gown pocket and placed it into her corset, while making a very convincing whimpering sound.
--Mrs Hudson, do we have the honour of having you to officiate at the wedding for us?
January 30, 2010
doing?”
Half an hour later, she walked out of the police station, the coastline was several blocks away. The night breeze was wet and gentle and warm. She pulled from her shoulders the comforting blanket the young officer nicely put on her, and tossed it to some homeless guy on the street. There’s an account at Bank of England with her name, Martha Louise Hudson. Frank knew nothing about it. She repeated the password inwardly, with all the tears stains on face, a small smile appeared at the corner of her mouth, a smile no-one ever saw.
“Oh Sherlock... Of course you are. You are my best friend, and the best and wisest man I’ve ever known.” John tells him affirmatively, finding his fingers and laces their ten fingers together, “I’m sorry I treated you like that in your dream. How did you respond?”
“Mrs Hudson!” The doctor exclaimed in alarm, coming to her immediately, “What’s wrong?”
John raises his head to look up into him. He doesn’t say a word, he’s smiling, but there is a shade of sadness in his smile. Sherlock cannot decipher it.
Summer, 1966
Suddenly Sherlock flashes his eyes open, his expression wild, panic-stricken and panting hard. His curls are wet and saggy, his face is bathed in tears. He stays still for a while, totally at a loss, and stammers, “Jo...John?”
It takes him a few seconds to decide that he can indulge himself a little bit in the absurd delusion of “John Watson is my fiancé”.
“She’s got aerobic classes today, said she has to lose 10 pounds before the wedding,” John waves his hand, drags a chair to seat himself close to Sherlock and pats Sherlock’s bony shoulder, “unlike you, you don’t have one pound to lose, you skinny genius.” And he giggles aloud as if he’s said something really humorous.
“That was when your Daddy showed up. He pulled out his—”
“Why are
Sherlock stands sulkily in the middle of buckets and buckets of sweet fresh flowers. John is taking his time, picking a little bit of these and a little bit of those, humming nameless tunes, clearly enjoying himself. Tomorrow will be the big day. Sherlock knows that he should try as much as he can to act at least more cheered up, instead of spoiling John’s good mood.
“What are
He stops himself.
He puts on his pajamas before returning to the bedroom. He almost jumps to find the bed literally empty. Is this one of Sherlock’s whimsy? Has he gone out of the bedroom in the mid of night? Soon he realizes that there are sobs coming from the other side of the bed. Being too alarmed and anxious to go around the stern of the bed, he hurries his way directly across the bed. Sherlock, cocooned in the duvet, lies on his stomach on the floor. Obviously he has fallen from the bed. Luckily the duvet and the rug on the floor must have acted as buffer, so he’s probably not injured. However, to John’s horror, he sees Sherlock’s entire form hunch into a struggling shrimp, his hands tightly gripping the corner of the duvet, his legs kicking frenziedly.
Shaking his head, John goes nearer and crouches by the coffee table, and tugs down Sherlock’s pajama top. His hands may still getting some evening-outside-coldness. So he warms them up, and then reaches over again to tuck the lower hem of the T-shirt into the waistband of the detective’s pajama trousers, so that he won’t roll it up again in his squirming sleep positions.
I ignored her, Jesus, Sherlock, I have noticed none of these things you said, I have barely looked at her for more than three seconds whatsoever.” John shakes his head in disbelief, pulls Sherlock into his arms, “I already have
“That’s the story how
“I bet your dancing is marvelous,” John withdraws his finger and makes up for it by pressing a kiss to his lips, “You can actually teach me tomorrow, and we don’t have to close the curtains at all.”
Ever since John starts planning the wedding, he stops going on cases with Sherlock; what’s even worse is that he happily makes Sherlock plan it with him—so much so that Sherlock himself has no time for cases at all—as if Sherlock should be as involved in the wedding as John is.
“Not going anywhere,” John repeats docilely, “Your pajama top’s got wet, let’s take it off and go back in bed, OK?”
John leans in to kiss his eyes. He kisses away the tear stains at the corner of them and kisses away the concerns in them. “Of course not.”
“Sorry?” Sherlock’s alone in front of the mirror, and his lost in the thought is interrupted by someone talking not far from him.
“Why on earth do we need anyone’s encouragement on that, that’s what we—” John is completely baffled by the bizarre plot.
“Did you notice that I’ve never asked you to be my best man? Because you are not.” John says thoughtfully, “You know what, every time I’m thinking and realizing that at last, this wedding would be ours, I find all the acting and pretending worthy. And…not all parts are acting. On our wedding there will be the swan serviettes you prefer, the chocolate cakes you enjoy so much, and the flowers you like… We will be wearing matching suits, will be dancing to our familiar music, and you can even play your violin. All of your family relatives will be there! Can you believe this? There are even very little details about the wedding that are needed to be modified!”
Though she is very certain all is real, because her tears have never been so straight form heart in her life.
“My, that’s so sweet of you to say so!” Mary is delighted. She drops her sacks in hands, grabs Sherlock and kisses him on both cheeks.
“I was just typing, Sir! Frank’s manuscripts are quite ambiguous, I’ve always thought those acronyms are product types...Oh I’ve been so so so stupid not to find out that he’s been dealing with drugs! Of course I was sort of aware of all the other women, yet I thought that’s all it was. That explains why he’s not at home quite often, and the constant uncertainty of his whereabouts... I think I just love Frank too much so that I would not demand to be his only one. I’m satisfied to be one of his women...But now this happened...”
“Still, make sure not to ruin some girl’s school business.” John scratches his left ear.
“She’s yours.” Sherlock is panting.
“I still love yours more.” John’s words are softer than a puff of breath blown to his ear.
, is still going on?”
“Mine?” Sherlock’s heart skips a beat.
Sherlock inhales deeply and begins: “I dreamed that when I came back, you’ve been engaged, John, to Mary Morstan—”
“I’m not John, I can tell when you’re fibbing.” Mary says with an unnecessarily smug half-smile.
Unwilling to give up, Sherlock continues: “Once I broke an alibi by demonstrating the exact severity of a fold—”
“Glad to hear you say so.” John tilts his head and kisses his curls.
Sherlock is really really such a worrisome kid.
“I love you too.” Sherlock echos in a low voice. The corners of his mouth curl upward into a joyful and trusting smile under John’s lips, tears still in eyes.
The newly married couple smile into each other’s eyes and answer in chorus:
--For the sake and consideration of all of you, especially John’s. He cannot know, especially him, please, Mrs Hudson. I will be back as soon as the things are settled, and then everyone of us would be very happy again.
John’s hand lifts from holding his waist to holding his cheek, his thumb fondling along Sherlock’s jaw line. During a very short, crazy second, Sherlock would almost believe John is going to kiss him.
John has just told Sherlock about how Mary had come back from her girls’ meet early and how she dropped by the dress shop. But it turned out that shop assistant guy Adam (according to John, his name is Eddie) had recognized her as some housemaid of John and Sherlock’s. After Mary had denied that with domineering arrogance, Eddie had ceaselessly apologized about being so tactless to not having recognized Dr. Watson’s mother.
“No, Sweetie, not into battle, just going to have a shower. Wait for me to come back.” He grins and enters the loo.
“In right here,” Sherlock takes his hand, moves slowly toward a place lower than his heart and between two ribs, “That really hurts. Hurts like hell, John. I guess that’s when I fell down from the bed.”
Lucky for him, Sherlock adores that little head.
At this moment, they are standing side by side in the living room of 221B, the tea table and the two arm chairs have been pushed to the wall. Both of men are outstretching their own right arm in front of themselves in a semicircle curve, and holding up their left hand on the side – doing exact same posture of leading.
Mrs Hudson mused light-heartedly. As the saying goes: Strong horse with strong saddle. Her admirable house in central London deserves best-matching tenants to move in. She could even vividly picture them chatting in front of the fireplace, watching telly on the couch, and having breakfast by the desk, as though they have already been living here in 221B for a long time.
“When ever did we not do it that way?”
So Sherlock steps into John’s personal space. He puts his left hand on John’s shoulder—luckily enough it’s the good right one; his right hand joins John’s reached out left one. John’s fingers automatically tangle with his, and his right hand finds itself closing around Sherlock’s waist.
Mycroft has been working on collecting evidence of “Mary”’s crimes. John’s been kept contact with him, without Sherlock’s knowledge (Yes, when the British government and the ex army doctor retired from Afghanistan battlefield have decided to do something together, they might have been able to keep the world’s only consulting detective from discovering it).
“Even so! Those words hurt!” Mary takes the opportunity to lean her head against John’s chest and whines all sloppily.
The Adorable Groom
Hamish let out a long-held breath.
“This is it, then,” John watches with satisfaction Sherlock finishing up three pieces of them, rises to his feet and rubs affectionately the curls on the top of his head, “I’ll go to pay the deposit.”
Martha put her hands down. The rims of her eyes puffed from all the crying, her makeup was a mess. Still, her face was quite attractive. She nodded to the officer, in a lovable and heart-wrenching way, and started talking while sobbing intermittently.
He can’t remember how many songs there have been on his playlist. Neither does he know how much time has passed. They have got used to each other’s pace and rhythm, John’s steps have become more and more confident and fluent. Many songs ago, Sherlock has totally given control to John, letting him truly lead. They no longer need actual words to communicate or coordinate: dancing had become their new language. A silent hint of pressure from John’s fingers to his palm, is enough for Sherlock to understand which movement to choose and which direction to go in the next moment.
“Come here, closer,” John gestures him, “I know some basic movements, what I need is to do them more naturally. Just…dance
“Oh,” Sherlock said in realization, “OK. Sure.”
The last thing Sherlock remembers before he falls into a deep slumber is that they lie together on the carpet in front of the fireplace, his left hand in John’s right hand. John’s fingers are drawing most strange circles around his finger.
“So…serviettes, Swan or Sydney Opera House?” Sherlock shows two different types of folded serviettes on the tea table, “these two types are all I can do.”
“But according to the records here...You have been in charge of the account management?”
“The bucket sits on your laps?”
John smiles and lift Sherlock up a bit to level their eyes: “Good. Wanna talk?”
, Sherlock.”
He has been bothered by the matters about that woman who left very indecent text alert noise in his phone for a week. Mrs Hudson is so irritated by this. She tried to talk into him this morning not to sulk all the time and giving John a cold shoulder. She suggested him to go out this evening for a nice dinner with John and to go to the riverside to see the New Year’s Fireworks Show. After all, John’s still a little depressed after being dumped on Christmas day, and that’s when and why Sherlock should step up and spend a nice new year’s eve with him. Sherlock had played his violin ceaselessly with his back to her, ignoring both her words and her freshly-baked Cornish Pasty.
“My good lord,” John lowers his head, deflated, “Why would you do that to yourself, Sherlock?”
“Your Daddy had saved my life, and I was so moved by it. I invited him to late night dim-sum at the dining room—the one where Daddy often took you to have shrimp dumplings—we walked home from there and talked and giggled all the way long. The night was so beautiful and the air so romantic. We had such a great time. And then we came back home, went upstairs, and it was on this exact sofa, actually, that your Daddy pushed me into the cushions and fucked me to ecstasy and oblivion.”
“What?!” John can’t help but protest, his tone full of disgust, “You mean the new intern nurse at my clinic, the one with a weird accent?”
me, OK?”
“Us?”
John finds himself gazing at Sherlock’s tranquil sleep, until the latter wriggles and breathes out, and one blurred drool slips out.
She’s not their housekeeper, it’s always been true because they are like sons to her. Now things went terribly wrong, but she will make them right. No no no, it’s not meddling; it’s leading things back to the normal orbit.
Seriously, is this florist’s shop so big that they have to yell?
“Yet she shot me, because she didn’t want to lose you.” Sherlock whispers into John’s ear.
Mary is carrying a couple of big sacks and stepping into the front door of 221B living room.
She did not anticipate the bunch of American agents coming at her door because of that evil woman’s phone. Mrs Hudson knew for sure that it was Sherlock they are coming after, it was not some substantial threat to her. However it really hurted when that big-guy-in-charge’s ring had scraped her face. She whimpered and trembled, repeating
“What? Oh…Erm, right, sure. First step forward with your left foot, then right foot sideways to the right.”
Five minutes later, Mrs Hudson finishes putting the food in the fridge. Her phone beeps and one text message comes in.
“Into battle.”
In a heartbeat, John’s looks are becoming as irresistible as those when in the fitting room. Without noticing it himself, Sherlock opens his mouth and swallows down the cake from the spoon.
A weird spasm spreads from Sherlock’s throat to his stomach.
Martha collapsed onto the table and gave a loud cry.
“Long time ago, there were two identical—”
“We won’t.”
“—His big strong fist, and beat the bad guy so hard and drove him away.”
After the stag night, John’s wedding date seems much more imminent.
The next song begins, neither of them speaks more. They just keep dancing together in each other’s arms. Sherlock is thankful of the length of his playlist. It is as long as if there are the rest of their lives ahead of them.
choice. John damps himself with soap, while some pleasant memories about bubbles come into his mind for him to savor. Every piece of them took exact place in the above-mentioned bathtub, involving John’s favourite vilon songs, Sherlock’s favourite Chinese food take-out, their shared favourite little duck sponge loofah, and Mrs. Hudson’s absolute not-favourite floods on the floor. And, of course, lots, lots of long and lasting lazy kisses.
She declines their invitation to go to the cake place in excuse of tooth-aching. When Sherlock goes to the side pavement to hail a taxi, John hugs her covertly, before giving her a look that could only be interpreted as gratitude.
Sherlock’s fluffy head nods incessantly.
“Alright, John. Tomorrow afternoon.”
She could not stand this. On this matter, nobody in the world is more responsible for doing something, more capable of doing something, and more qualified to do something than her,
“Do people normally propose one day before the wedding?” Asks Sherlock, as he turns over to lay more comfortably.
Sherlock flops childishly back onto his mattress.
And that is when John’s eyes widen. He gazes at Sherlock, taking him in, and he looks so shocked that he cannot say a single word.
“You will buy me extra large popcorns?”
John’s hand on Sherlock’s back goes stiff.
Actually, if given right timing, he’d very much be inclined to have a nice and nerve-appeasing bath. John takes off his clothes, opens the shower nozzle and walks under the warm string of water. Only now…he definitely doesn’t want to leave Sherlock alone in bed for too long.
“I’ll leave you two with your story-telling,” the landlady threw another wink to John and returned to her own room.
“You like babies?” John nibbles his slim and limp neck.
“That expression, on his face. The reaction after first time seeing one’s beloved one dressed up for the wedding,” it’s the young shop assistant who serves for them, (whose name is Adam or something), tanned skin, courteous manner, radiant with smiles, and one hundred percent gay, out of closet, “I have seen that on the faces of countless grooms-to-be. Tears in eyes, lost their words, deeply in love. If you ask me, sir, I will say that being able to witness such beautiful scenes is God’s gift to this job.”
Sherlock sits across from John, staring down at nine different pieces of cakes on the plates in front of them.
The bunch of curls doesn’t move.
“I will call Mycroft to arrange for Miss Morstan a new internship opportunity at some other hospital.”
A wave of panic sweeps across Sherlock’s entire body. He rushes to the mirror to check himself: “What’s it? Is it something wrong that I did? John?”
Sherlock hums at his kiss. John feels the urge to lean forward again and kisses him more. He licks and bites fondly at the corner of his mouth, and slides the tip of his tongue into his hot and wet mouth. Sherlock gasps hard, the air between them starts to heat up, and the slippery sound of their snogs rises into the hot atmosphere.
The thinking of about to see Sherlock upstairs in the next minute, whether awake or asleep, makes John both light-hearted and light-footed, and the corner of his mouth rises upwards.
“Right. OK, then.” Sherlock nuzzles his face into John’s neck and John rubs his hair indulgently.
“You heard me, John, I’m not saying it again.”
“Erm, no idea. First time getting married, myself, remember?” John’s voice comes from the other side of one big shelf of flowers, “Anyway, I prefer some more fresh ones.”
“Shall we start?”
He doesn’t speak for a long moment, just enjoying John’s caress. John thinks he’s falling asleep again, when he starts all of a sudden.
Sherlock wiggles his shoulder a little uncomfortably, reaches for a pile of writing papers across the desk and scrutinizes the invitation lists drafted by John.
As John is getting fascinated and intoxicated, Sherlock pulls back a little, places one palm on John’s chest and pushes him, making blaming noises.
“Of course,” John is amused, “Otherwise, what are you going to wear? You git.”
Not before long Sherlock already regrets not having corrected Adam’s misunderstanding in time. (Or, in his deep deep down inside, honestly, does he?)
--Thank you.
“She shot me, but I survived. Only to find that you forgave her and went back to her, because your baby is going to be born. It’s a girl,” Sherlock pauses and swallows, “I ask if you can name her after me, you say Sherlock is not a girl’s name. Then you name her Rosamund, that is, Mary’s middle name...Rosie for short. Rosie she—she is a precious little baby girl.”
“Your heard the lady, Sherlock,” John clicks his fingers to him, “start working.”
“Right guess, you smartarse. You are such a lightweight, it only took me one shot of scotch to get you drunk.”
“Sherlock, this is for you. Remember I said I had an important purchase?”
Some days earlier, her husband had a conflict and an intense firefight with another local drug gang. Three men were killed at Frank’s gunpoint. Frank came home with their(and maybe his own) blood all over the body, picked up some baggage and went in hiding. Then today, Martha was taken to the police station and was told Frank’s arrest. Of course, she knew everything from beginning to end, only to the ignorance of Frank himself.
Sherlock listens to him telling the story, a little absent-mindedly. He wants to ask John what the expression in his eyes and the words from his mouth meant, in that fitting room, earlier this afternoon, when John saw them in identical dress suits.
With the dress suit highlighting John’s steady posture and muscular lines of his back and waist, he looks taller than he is. With the colours of his waistcoat and his tie echoing his mysteriously blond and silver-grey hair, John’s whole form is encircled by a warm and ethereal halo in this afternoon sunshine.
Unfortunately, he turns around to find Mary perching on the chair’s armrest, and John’s also got a couple of bright red lip prints on the face. It looks like he is very much in need of one of those serviettes, too.
John, kneeling down on one knee, is looking directly, fixedly and steadily and glowingly at him. What’s even more glorious than the smile on his face, is an enormous bundle of dazzling colourful flowers: Red roses, pink lilies, lavender babysbreath, salmon carnations, and purple tulips and white calla lilies, with green leaves and stems, all dripping water onto both men’s shoes.
, thank God. She’s nothing compared to you. Nothing at all.”
The officer went through some pages of the files. “Er...Martha, right? May I call you Martha?”
Mrs Hudson was so worried that she had not slept well in several nights in a row, and there were blisters in her mouth.
Hamish settled himself cozily on his laps.
--January 29th, four weeks from today.
“John…I know this is not my place to say, but—” She sounds hesitant and unsettled, “Look, I personally do not hold any biased judgment to Mary, but…now that
Sherlock replies fluently: “Many unexpected skills are required in the field of criminal investigation—”
During all these years he and John have known each other, there were million times people took them for a couple, yet this is the first time Sherlock has ever heard people saying that John is his “fiancé”.
Sherlock mumbles at the disturbance, but shows no sign of waking up. His lips are slightly open, his eyebrows are relaxing, his long eyelashes are mildly shuddering, projecting bouncy shadows on his high cheekbones. That very much attenuates his usual sharp angles and arrogant touch. He looks so young and so pure now. John watches him, feeling incredibly protective: the sleeping Sherlock Holmes almost looks like a kid who gets to eat his favourite candy in his dream—is it John’s illusion or the trick of the lamp halo, or is it real that a shade of elusive smile just floats on Sherlock’s face?
Sherlock does not say that aloud. He waits until the song is over, draws back a little so that his head is no longer hovering above John’s shoulder. The period of time they just had is precious, but John has had quite enough practice and dances very well now.
Dizzily and sleepily, he fumbles out of the bedroom and enters the kitchen. There is a note stuck to the handle of the kettle.
him. So John does not simply want Sherlock to teach him dancing. They will be dancing
“And that’s when I woke you up.” John understands tacitly and finishes for him.
“OK. Well,” Mary’s tone indicates something may not be OK, though, “Opera House, then.”
John does not comment on this, gently stroking Sherlock’s arm and shoulder.
“Let’s go inside the house first, alright?” John reached for the keys to open the door of 221.
“Only if you want to.”
“You’ve been losing weight. That aerobic course suits you.” Says Sherlock amicably. John, on the other hand, is sitting in his own chair, burying his face in his phone.
She’s been so long and so good at playing innocent.
John’s neck skin practically feels Sherlock’s eyes roll.
“Yes, Sherlock,” John does not break eye contact with him.
“I think it’s a great idea, dear.” Mary smiles coquettishly.
“Sherlock—?” John calls out, with a large shelf between them.
John turns to face Sherlock with his halo and Sherlock is as blushed as he possibly can be.
“Yeah, the jail is
--What’s the date?
“I know ash!” Sherlock babbles, eyes still closed, arms encircling John’s head and flailing everywhere. It looks like he never stops feeling good about that old paper he wrote once, even in his dream.
“Of course their story is not true. I promise, Hamish, that the story I’m going to tell you is certainly different from theirs, and one hundred percent authentic.”
His crying words break John’s heart. Where his hands touch and feel is that Sherlock’s T-shirt is all wet both front and back, and there is no way to tell whether they are sweats or tears or both.
John’s jaw is clenched tighter than ever and his teeth are audibly gritting.
Moments have passed and Hamish, still in shock, turned his head to the kitchen to seek help from his Daddy.
When they pushed her to the carpet, she fell onto the burgundy dressing gown Sherlock had thrown on the floor before he left.
“What is it, Honey?” John regarded his son, beaming.
John wants to dance
However, John pauses, and seems having made some big decision. Then his hand comes to the back of Sherlock’s neck and gently pulls him back to his shoulder.
They have a quite nice bathtub, not very big, a bit vintage style; the one with four claw-shaped feet. They keep under the lavabo many kinds of bath salts, of various colours and different functions. John likes shea butter scent, and Sherlock always prefer that kind of product which produces lots of bubbles.
“I love you,” John kisses him back with a big smile, “and thank you, too, for becoming my adorable groom tomorrow.”
“I like your proposal, John, no matter it’s in a hurry or not.”
“Sherlock?” He tries to swallow the lump in his throat and breaks the silence.
All of a sudden, they are so close to each other. So close, that Sherlock can feel the thin calluses between John’s left hand fingers, the warmth radiating from John’s right hand palm, he can smell a tad of John’s aftershave, and he can see the dark-golden tourbillion on top of John’s head.
“Yeah, It’s me. You had dream, Sherl?”
It takes John all his efforts to have successfully suffocated a snigger in the bottom of his throat. What
So major that John does not want him to come along? Like what John previously did, asking Sherlock to help him pick all these trivial things like cakes, stationary, colour of tablecloth?
“Have a try,” John urges him, “I didn’t bring you here for you to just observe.” The corners of his lips are turning up. He is smiling at Sherlock and seems in a good humor.
parents on the list? Why is there a list for
Sherlock touches John’s upper arm admiringly and smiles secretly.
“Your words put me into a bottomless of abysm,” Sherlock continues in spite of John’s protest, “I took cases one after another restlessly. I used drugs, punched walls, I’ve got double kidney failure and hallucinations. But I want to see you, John, I want you back. So I went to Culverton Smith.”
“I said, the opera house is fine.” Mary’s voice becomes a little sharp now.
“Really? I thought Swan would seem a little bit more elegant; needless to say its obvious symbolic significance—”
“What are you doing?”
Sherlock sighs. Even if the ravishment of getting married tends to lower one’s IQ, John shouldn’t be this slow.
Immediately Sherlock feels at a loss. What did Mary find out?
“What’s it, Sherlock?”
“Beautiful.” John lets out a low sigh.
“I guess…also good.”
“Umm…yes?”
Sherlock feels like his ears are burning.
The night is dark and the moonlight shines like flowing silver.
“Sherlock?” He calls quietly.
“Ma’am...We’ve still got several questions to ask here, do you mind stopping crying for a moment?” The Officer sitting at the opposite side of the desk is a robust tall black man, who seemed a little at a loss facing the situation.
John said to himself,
“If one can control his subconscious, there would be a lot less trouble,” Sherlock puts one hand on John’s neckline, and muses, “though there’ll be new troubles.”
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock lets out a small breath.
Sherlock blinks, sorrow and doubt fleet in his eyes. “Silly, that dream. Would you laugh at me, John?”
“Your brother recommended this to us,” John hands him a business card, “says it’s got a hundred years’ history and exquisite craftsmanship in making dress suits.”
“What… our…” Sherlock is still bowing down to read Latin names of various plants.
January 29, 2017
“Tell me story, Daddy!” Hamish pleaded earnestly and waggled John’s other arm back and forth.
John sighed inwardly, feeling both relieved and anxious. The bright part is that Sherlock finally got some sleep as told; what worries him, on the other side, he may get cold or backache from sleeping on the sofa instead of in bed. He approaches the sofa, and is not surprised to see Sherlock sprawling on his back, fast asleep. That old T-shirt he uses as pajama top is rolling all its way up, showing a large amount of porcelain white skin. His extremely expensive royal blue dressing gown is now a wrinkled mess between himself and the sofa cushions. Sherlock’s arms are folding on his chest, covering something dingy and grey, which John takes his time to recognize to be his own old sweater. Where did he get that from?
“Try,” Sherlock lifts one eyebrow, a naughty hand coming down to John’s pajama pants.
“Challenge accepted,” John growls with full passion, his finger finds the waistband of Sherlock’s pajama pants and tugs it all the way down to the ankles, his voice husky, and his head a little dizzy, “If we are very lucky, we are going to have a baby.
In order to prevent himself from burst out laughing, John retreated silently to the kitchen to make tea.
is back, are you sure this whole thing about the—” she pauses, and as if spitting out some filthy vicious word, “
“Your fiancé, he really loves you much, sir.”
“No, you didn’t,” John’s voice is shaky. He steps closer, lifts one hand to cradle Sherlock’s nape and the other hand goes to adjust his tie for him, and now Sherlock can see the watery glamour from his starry blue eyes: “You look
“Papa Papa, Daddy was telling me the wrong story, I want Papa to tell me.”
John, on the other side, behaves just like every decent husband who comforts his angry wife would do. He puts one arm along Mary’s shoulder and coos soothingly: “Apparently they only do nice clothes, golden words aren’t their specialty. I’m sure this young man means no harm.”
Sherlock turns back so quickly that he might have sprained his neck.
she could feel it, that phone, in the dressing gown pocket, pressing into her hip.
“Your music. When you play the violin. Best music I’ve ever heard.”
“You keep contact with my brother?” Sherlock wrinkles his nose in aversion, examines hard that tiny piece of paper, searching for some trace of Mycroft’s evil criminal scheme.
Said Ma’am just buried her face deeper and cried harder.
came into the picture.” Sherlock concluded in a satisfactory way.
Sherlock’s lips perked at the corner, revealing an approbatory smile. He kissed the boy on the top of his head and said softly:
John went into the doctor’s mode instantly. He turned around and put Mrs Hudson into the chair, and asked thoroughly about the spot and type and history of the pain. She told him that it resulted from some youth-time work practice and had never been cured.
Mrs Hudson cracked into laughter seeing him devouring an egg tart. One detective who saved her and revenged for her, and one doctor who healed her wounds and soothed her anxiety—they are like the two wings of an angel and protect her. Mrs Hudson found it quite worthy to bleed a little, since this whole accident had reconciled the boys and everything was on good terms as before.
“But Sherlock is back and alive!” Mrs. Hudson emphasizes with an incredulous tone, and forgets about being whispery and subtle.
“John,” Mary starts furiously, dropping her handbag onto the sofa, “this tailor’s shop you’ve decided to patronize is among the most expensive ones in London, if I’m not mistaken?” she squints at the furnishings in the fitting room, “well this place looks passable to me, how come the staff here can’t even reach the standard as simple as respecting their client?”
is on now, Culverton Smith is the villain. Wanna go and watch it?” (*2)
“I’ve been expecting this day ever since six years and three hundred and sixty-four days ago. Don’t you dare not be happily together forever.”
, Mrs Hudson heard that. She wiped her tears, and one more step to go before getting one hundred percent done—she only had to open the boot. Once John saw Sherlock with his own eyes (plus, in a very sexy car she knew John would long for), there would be no way that John could ever say no.
“Th—this is not funny, John,” franticly shaking his head, he steps backward involuntarily and hits his back on the shelf, “this joke is not funny at all--”
“OK OK I was joking!” Sherlock giggles and rolls over crazily on the bed. John pins him by anchoring both his hands over his head and kisses him hard on the mouth.
Sherlock nods, his eyes are like stars shinning into darkness.
“Okay,” John led Hamish climbing upstairs, he took in a breath and cleared his throat and started:
“Precisely,” Sherlock does not like his interrupt and purses his mouth, “She looks smart and sophisticated in that dream, the type you would like—let me finish,” he anticipates John’s prepared refute and hastily adds, “and she finds me tolerable, does not see me as a rude arsehole or something like that. And she encourages us to go out and back on cases again.”
mean? Then what is important? Sherlock wants to ask. But what he does is fiddling sulkily with the little spoons on the table.
He cocks his eye to Adam, who hurries to open the door to the front hall and John goes out holding a very upset Mary in his arms.
“I remember...” John sneakily slides one hand south, “You’ve mentioned...a baby? And you’ve given her a name?”
John tugs Sherlock’s neck to pull him down and kisses him deeply, “I love you,” one more kiss, “I love you,” another, “I love you,” more kisses, “If I haven’t said it enough before, I will say it to you everyday in the rest of my life. Our lives.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, lost in the sensual moment. He crosses his nude legs behind John’s sturdy back and vaguely thinks that maybe this time John would be more than willing to name the baby after him.
He’s been waiting for John to come back from the gents, and he feels hot wearing the suit. He goes back to the cubicle to change it off, telling Adam that they will be having these (Seriously, why not? Simply for the looks on John’s face, that’s worth it.), and he sends Adam to see where John is.
“Hey, hey, Babe, look at me,” John forces him to look up, “I am here. We are good. You’ve had a bad dream, but it’s alright, it’s over now.”
Before he is getting out of the cubicle anew, he sees Mary walking towards him with a very unpleasant manner, accompanied by John, and followed by a very deflated Adam.
“Yeah, sure, 243 types, I remember that,” John coaxes him, “vividly. Now--” He wants to straighten up, but those two slim arms circle around him like water snakes.
John walked home back from the daycare center to Baker Street with Hamish hand in hand. Just arrived in front of the house door, the little guy, seeming caught by some sudden threads of thought, put up his little chubby face and called him.
When he gets to the door to the loo, he hears a low sigh from Sherlock. Several syllables come dismally from the pillow.
“Come on, Sherlock,” John snaps shut Sherlock’s laptop abruptly to stop him from checking the email inbox, almost catching Sherlock’s fingers between the lid and the keyboard, “we don’t have time to solve cases at the moment, there are lots of work to do,” he’s counting numbers joyfully with his own fingers, “the venue, the band, the dish menu, the outfits, the guest lists…”
“Because they will come,” John says affirmatively, and he checks two different envelope samples against sunlight through the window, “So, Bohemian…how on earth is it different from regular stationary, hmm, Sherlock?”
“Sherlock?”
“Yes, John?”
What worried her most was not Sherlock’s physical and mental condition—although that was quite worrying—what’s even worse, is that John is
“In your subconscious Mary is a threat?” John asks, genuinely confused, “I’d say she’s some not worth mentioning nobody.”
John kneels down to the floor, turns Sherlock over and supports the back of his head. Sherlock’s eyes are shut, his eyebrows frowning, his face in agony. John knows that he’s having a nightmare. As soon as he releases him out of the wrap of the duvet, Sherlock automatically grabs John’s clothes and cries out: “Don’t, John John John, don’t--”
“Smith?” John is amazed and totally diverged, “The one in the bus stop posters? That actor? You do know that he is the voice of Dobby the House-elf?”
Sherlock winces, his voice trailing off, and does not finish that phrase.
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John asks, worried. He checks his pulse and eyelids, and tests his forehead with his own. Heart rate is a bit rapid and temperature is a bit high, but nothing serious. He placates him with his palm massaging his nape and patting on his back. Sherlock’s rumbling heartbeat hits his chest, and his hot and short breath is puffing against his ear.
“Mary… Is she also going?”
John holds him tighter than ever with his arms and legs until their entire bodies are pressed together, limbs entangled. “I love every one of your deductions, mind-bendingly brilliant ones and slightly flawed ones; I love every chase I’ve had and will have side by side with you, sweepingly invincible ones and thrillingly dangerous ones; I love everything about you, the best of you and the worst of you. Sometimes I might be mad at you, yes, but it never means that I’d ever leave you or stop loving you. As long as you don’t do anything that harms yourself, you will never disappoint me.”
“Wahlahlah—” Hamish protested, “I know this isn’t true! Daddy is telling me the made-up story, so I’d like Papa to do it for me.”
Maybe it is time to renew this wonderful tradition again, this weekend would be perfect. Thoughts hovering in head, John pulls close a towel to dry his hair and body, and brushes teeth and finishes shaving against the vapoury mirror.
"You called me 'Greg',"
He feels like an ass. An absolute dick.
They agreed on a Chinese restaurant, which was nearly empty and allowed them a corner booth all to themselves.  As they sat down at the table, Sherlock linked his fingers through John's. They didn't talk much, the adrenaline of the day wearing on them. John had shared more the last time they were together, so John asked Sherlock the obvious question.
Sherlock made himself focus on the ceremony and not the panicked thoughts running through his mind. As the eldest clansman, Stuart Holmes directed the ceremony with his wife by his side and the Lestrade family standing beside. Sherlock focused on his father telling everyone gathered the story of the two grooms' unique love match.  He watched his red-haired brother, grinning, pledge his love, fidelity and belongings to a man he hardly knew. Gregory Lestrade, freckled and brunette, blushed as his hands shook while they wrapped the decorated tartan around their hands. At the end, they sealed the vows with a deep kiss and whoops and yells from the attendees.
Sherlock felt frightened. He had visions of his family starving. Everything disappearing.
"John, I'm here, I'm not going anywhere, I'm here." Keeping his eyes on John, Sherlock strips the rest of the way, then laces their fingers together. John's desperate to pull Sherlock closer while he's pulling John to the bedroom.
Sherlock coughed, "Molly, can we be alone for a bit? It looks like John wants to talk to me."
He asks God that his shooting is accurate enough.
Hamish stood at the end of the bed, newspaper and notepad in hand, making notes. Sherlock wondered if the boy was making notes on his injury, "Mr. Detective, how long does it take a dead body to decompose?"
Sherlock is out of his depth. He is exactly where John wants him to be.
"Are you referring to me? I might have
Sherlock sat up, gripping the side of the wagon, "It's beautiful," he turned, looking at John's face. He grinned up at Sherlock, slowing Soilleir so she didn't pitch Sherlock out.
"Your great uncle saw I was wearing your tartan at my brother's wedding. He said to me that I was in an arranged marriage with you that he hoped would turn into a love match over time. You're kind. I'm not afraid. I can help you. I may not be what you want, I'm young and naïve, but I'm smart. I would be happy to be with you. In whatever way that is."
"Ok, we're going up the back. Do you have your gun, John?" John nodded. They took off running, their footfalls light, climbing to the back of the fire escape. All the rooms they climbed past had lights on, tv sets running, dishes being washed. When they got to the dark flat, they creeped along the landing, Sherlock stooping to pull up the window very slowly.
"Hmmm, my luachmhor. Let me wash off all the dust and dirt from the past days. Let me remove the dust from your hair, prìseil."
Sherlock nodded.
Mycroft stops touching Robert's face, puts his hand down on the bed. No way to deny it, "Are you upset?"
Sherlock threw his laptop on the bed and put his hands on his hips. His threadbare T-shirt stretched over his chest and stomach, and John licked his lips out of habit. Sherlock broke eye contact, and he shook his head as he looked at the bedroom floor, "Is this how you proposed to Mary? Is this how you divorced her? Just a matter of fact discussion over breakfast?"
John laughed, "And he'll be able to tell we hugged by the way your shirt is arranged."
The next pages are a detailed explanation of how they will remove Mary from the equation, after Magnussen is dealt with.
They slept until Hamish pounded on the door, wondering why they would take a nap if they were adults.
"Are you cold, my prince?" John smiles, humming into his ear. He leaves him for a moment; tossing the used cloth in the bathroom, grabbing clean pants and bottoms for himself from his room. He returns, digging through Sherlock's drawers for something warmer for him. It is turning to mid morning, but winter is beginning to settle. The flat is chilly.
John pulls back, petting Sherlock's curls back from his forehead, "Ok. The armor packed?"
John nodded.
After the bead was placed, the only clear bead amongst a grouping of white, the three men turned to walk back to the house. As they approached, they newlyweds emerged from the smaller side house to join them for the noon meal.
"Yes, I would," Sherlock says, moving his fingers and lips so Anthea can add some blue pallor to his lip line and finger tips. To show kidney and liver issues.
Sherlock grabbed both of their throbbing erections, smearing the precome up and down their shafts. From root to tip he massaged them both, together, he was still on his lap as much as he could be, his heels digging into John's lower back. They breathed and kissed and nipped at each other's mouths, finally coming with a deep shout and Sherlock shuddering on top of John, biting down on his shoulder.
Still laying down below Sherlock, John craned his neck up to nip at Sherlock's lips. He teased him as his face flushed, "So, I don't know your true, full name." John kissed Sherlock, rubbing his lips against his as he spoke, "Mine is John Hamish Watson," he said, "What is your full name?"
After the crowd died down and was satisfied with the display of affection, Sherlock was free to leisurely chit chat with John while observing the crew and passengers for any tells of out of character behavior. John's entire body was pleasantly warm, and he realized he'd drank three mimosas before he'd taken one bite of his crepes and fruit.
"Oh, my sweet, dear boy. You weren't supposed to find out that way. I was going to give you the tartan after you accepted the proposal. Oh, dear," She stroked his hair, which caused Sherlock to burrow further into her arms and cry harder.
Sherlock's stomach twisted as he thought of having a husband. His brother had always thought only of books and of maximizing crop yields and sheep production. When Gregory Lestrade arrived leading his lame horse, Mycroft took more interest in the man's brown eyes and his laugh than his duties. Sherlock had caught them in the barn, facing each other, whispering and giggling, Gregory Lestrade tracing patterns onto Mycroft's palms with his fingertips.
"Hi, Molly!" Greg said, but was cut off by her sharp tone.
"No, I'm here. I just decided to sleep-"
John was angry enough to disappear.
John shook his head. He smiled. They were in the hospital, together, and Sherlock didn't have to fight to be in there. He'd been banished to the first floor for making a scene, but he had an absolute right to be wherever John was.
"Yes. He said in front of Da that I didn't have to touch him if I didn't want to, and he wouldn't touch me if I didn't want it."
They looked at one another for just a beat, then Sherlock turned with a spin of his heel. Every encounter between them had been quiet and in the middle of the night to avoid disturbing Hamish or Mrs. Hudson. It was midday, the sun was bright, and they were completely alone. The two men took advantage of the privacy. They moaned into each other's mouths, grabbing onto one another, giggling as they pulled ran each other over to get to the bedroom.
He can't look at Sherlock. He will break down and he has to hold it together. Mycroft and Jim are talking, but John can't understand the words. His focus is on breathing through his nose (as much as the smell is wretched) and out through his mouth. He bends his knees slightly, to keep blood flow moving, so he hopefully will not collapse.
"Hamish!" John barked. John steadied Sherlock with his hands, one on his waist and one on his shoulder. Sherlock wondered if they might begin to waltz. "Why in the world are you continuously bringing up this morbid case? Can you wait?"
John makes sure he is calm before he returns to Baker Street. He considers rehearsing his words to Sherlock, but he wants to tell him in the moment. He doesn't want lies between them. John feels guilt gnawing at him, but he reminds himself; these are not lies. These are omissions. These are decisions he and Mycroft are making to keep Sherlock safe.
Molly, the other interpreter, came up and touched Sherlock on the shoulder, pointing at her wristwatch. He gave a few gestures that John didn't understand, and then Molly spoke extremely clearly, loud enough for others to hear, "How dare you make fun of him for being Deaf. What is wrong with you?"
Sherlock stood up, wiping off his face one last time. He held out his hands to help his mother up off the floor. When William stood up, Sherlock looked at both of them.
He hated how his voice cracked, but he was thinking of never seeing his brother and his cousins. He wanted to be able to say goodbye to them.
(See the end of the chapter for
. Much more distinctive than William."
They wore kilts, with black waistcoats intricately buttoned with the plaids dashed across their chests. Sgian-dubh were tucked into their white stocking socks that went up to their knees. On their feet were shiny, black brogues and they wore dress sporrans that glinted with silver chains that held them at the wearer's groin.
"When you sent me to the hospital, for the plan, you told me you loved me, in the stairwell..."
John drove his car down the small paved road, then to the gravel road back to the Holmes' quaint cottage. These normal, comforting, darling parents that lived in this quiet home would be his in-laws.
"When Greg invited you along to parties, or events with he and Mycroft, why didn't you ever come?"
Moriarty turns and stands, walking over to stand in front of John. John is afraid that if he weren't slightly leaning on Mycroft's shoulder that his knees would buckle and he'd collapse.
"Owww," John moans, rubbing his head.
(killing Mary and Magnussen)
John's belly warms, and a little guilt pools. It is worth wounds, separation, misunderstanding to get a glimpse of a great heart as well as a great man. His love for him, in their separation, their trials, was so tangible even in absence.
Sherlock responded by rubbing his cock around John's hole even more forcefully, dipping it into it, just to the tip, a little more often. John imagined Sherlock, his curls wet, sticking to the nape of his neck, a crimson flush creeping up his chest and collarbone.
Fall is moving forward into colder seasons. Christmas, rather than a mark of joy on the calendar, is now an approaching date with a doomsday clock. Mycroft and John have agreed John will be in the dark with the Christmas Day logistics (sometimes he hates that he's a terrible liar) but he is consoled that it's a deception with his consent. All he knows is that everyone will be invited to get together.
“That is a great question!” Mrs. Hudson encouraged cheerily, while making meaningful winks at John, “John, why don’t you tell him, you know,
“Papa!” Hamish squealed happily and ran towards him. The lying detective sat up and gathered him into his arms, “My little bee.”
she sighed inwardly, must have been so restless to see John going out that he changed clothes in a hurry and followed him out, and forgetting about such an important thing.
--Perfect. Just in time to start a diet.
Sherlock rests quietly in John’s arms, every detail of these months of wedding planning he and John had been doing together plays back like a movie in his mind.
John’s probably with Mary now. Do not text him.
“No…” Hamish whined in dismay, “I’ve heard that story, that’s what Laura’s parents have told her. Once there were two identical seeds, her mum swallowed one and her dad took the other. Her dad’s did not sprout but her mum’s did, and the sprout grew bigger and bigger in her mum’s belly and finally turned into Laura herself. Not only Laura, there’re also Dannie, Peter, Alex…Their parents all have swallowed seeds to give birth to them. But I know that’s not true. I want Papa to tell me the real story.”
“... I prefer my doctor clean-shaven.”
The door to the living room is unlatched when John arrives at the landing and pushes it open. The lamp on the floor casts a warm orange halo to the room, lighting up some dark-coloured fuzzy thing spreading on the sofa arm.
“Shh, it’s OK,” John holds him from above his waist and wipes his sweaty forehead, “It’s OK, Sugarnut(*1), I’m here, I’m here.”
The living room with two French windows was very spacious and bright, and the kitchen was well equipped and furnished. Doctor Watson was quite glad about the house, not to Mrs Hudson’s surprise. The only problem was that Sherlock had moved all his stuff in here earlier that day, making the rooms so untidy. Mrs Hudson had complained about it but Sherlock never listened to a word about it. And now Doctor Watson just questioned it a bit and Sherlock got so nervous that he fumbled to pile up some books from the floor and stammered something about he can straighten things up a bit.
Suddenly Sherlock feels both relieved and heavy.
Hamish got so nervous that he grabbed tightly onto his Papa’s dressing gown and dared not to make any sound.
“Yes?”
There are tons of facts proving that the abundance of bubbles is an
Why was Sherlock going through with all this? Were they even investigating anything?
"He was meeting with the Captain about the issues with the letters and any new leads."
John grabbed the tumblers and brought back the bottle of scotch.
"Just take me back to a hotel for a while. Don't tell Sherlock where I'm at, and don't bother me. I'm apparently an idiot, so it's best if you leave me out of everything."
The smiles on Sherlock's and Hamish's faces were nearly blinding. He heard them continue to talk in whispers. John slowly stepped backwards and silently slid back into bed, grinning to himself.
Sherlock couldn't breathe. His chest tightened as his vision darkened around the edges. He felt Tavis wrap his arm around his shoulder. Sherlock was full of so many questions, but he couldn't speak. The comforting voice of Tavis rumbled in Sherlock's ear, "When you meet him, if you don't like him, or if he's not good for you, we won't let you go through with it." Sherlock relaxed against Tavis' side. He felt comforted by his statement of support and the squeeze of his embrace.
"You will give your full attention."
Sherlock stared at him, "Well, yes, but what does that have to do with these family jewels you're talking about?"
had derailed the brunett's brain and body so completely. Though he was no consulting detective, John read Sherlock's face. His cheeks and neck were gorgeously flushed and his breath was heaving in his chest.
He follows, wanting to talk, but he doesn't know what to say. His heart is pounding, bursting out of his chest, to finally see his silhouette in the dark, to hear his breathing.
Sherlock looked around at all his cousins. Now, rather than looking amused, they were frowning, scratching at their beards. They all turned to Tavis, waiting for him to speak.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, then rests his chin on John's chest so he can look in his eyes. Sherlock is searching John's face, eyes moving across every part of him, while he speaks.
He shuffled to his chair, the left side of his shirt sloppily tucked into his pants. Sherlock came over and tucked it in properly with his fingers, placing his hands on John's hips when he was finished. John looked up at him, almost swooning with want. His husband was wearing an outfit he'd seen him wear hundreds of times, a white button down, black pants, black jacket. His pale, marble colored neck and alabaster skin exposed, John rose on his tiptoes to kiss along Sherlock's neck and jaw, for if he didn’t kiss him or touch him
Sherlock doesn't speak during the ride.  He is shaking and pulling his coat and his scarf as tightly around himself as he can. Mycroft guides him upstairs to a guest room, wondering if he even knows where he is. Before he leaves, he remembers to set all the alarms on the windows.
"Sherlock, my beautiful boy, don't you dare be sorry. That was so incredibly hot."
because you are a civilian, Sherlock Holmes, and had no business being anywhere near this mission."
"Sherlock, please-"
"I don't know if I've seen you naked in daylight. Your skin is golden, beautiful," Sherlock muses, both men resigned to stripping their own clothing. John laid his naked body on top of Sherlock, squirming against him, grinding his hips down.
John didn’t bother texting. He took out his phone and dialed. No answer, rang straight to Sherlock's voicemail. He didn't even consider how he was dressed. He ran down the stairs, hollering down as he opened the door, "I'll be back, Mrs. Hudson!"
The sky was just beginning to turn light and pink as John pocketed his keys and walked up to Sherlock, smoking a cigarette and talking animatedly with Daemon, the head carpenter. Even through the pale dawn light John could see the two men gesturing to one another, their voices an angry whisper. At first, John thought they were fighting, but they were just angry in their agreement on Moriarty and the suspicious accident.
Robert is darker skinned. Curly, brown hair, with large, brown eyes. He'd been adopted as a baby, so he wasn't sure of his heritage. (Mycroft has to be careful; some of this Robert had told him, some of this Mycroft researched in his file. He has to remember which was which.)
They cry, they wrap each other close in one another's arms, they can hardly breathe as they dig into one another. They have waited so long to be close, nothing was ever close enough.
It took him a moment to surface. Sherlock panicked.
"John, John. I feel so...I'm not sure. Please. Please..." Sherlock rocked himself, pushing backwards onto John's thumb that was just dipping into his body, and feeling the pressure of John's hand running over his prick. He felt very warm, and exposed, but lovely and nearly overheated.
"Hi Mr. Detective."
Sherlock stopped in the middle of flailing his arms at Anderson and wrapped his hands around John's face instead. He gave John a loud kiss, "Brilliant! You're right. I knew there was something off. I bet they're staged scenes somehow."
He felt incredibly sleepy, probably the pain medication, but he wanted to see Sherlock. He needed to ground himself in what was real, and what was dreams. He'd been in the middle so long he wasn't sure.
They listened to the sound of the ship and the soft rocking motion as the engine roared against the waves. John leaned back into Sherlock's embrace, tilting his head so he was resting on Sherlock's shoulder. Sherlock leaned down to whisper into John's ear, "Are you alright? What do you think?"
Sherlock pursed his lips and looked at John, "Of course not, John. I just…"
portion of the sentence.
"Robert," Mycroft walks closer to his desk, "Robert."
"Shhhhh," Sherlock hushed, even this sound too loud in his mind, "My John. What have you been doing? You are covered in dirt and sweat. You look exhausted."
“Oh, yeah, sure, Mrs. Hudson, I don’t see why not.” Replies John, all casual and breezy.
“Do people usually pick flowers one day before the wedding?” He forces himself to find some topic to talk about.
“—You live together in a house in the suburbs, a perfect and annoying bourgeois house. And you are getting married,” Sherlock continues stubbornly, fingers gently fondles back and forth on John’s wrist, “You ask me to be your bestman. You say I am your best friend.”
“You want me to play on the wedding?”
“Just my hip,” She struggled her way to stand up, “It’s OK, an old-time weakness, turns to haunt up from time to time.” She tried to sound nothing big, yet that sting made tears out of her eyes.
story?”
“Who cares.” Sherlock shrugs.
“Yes...” Sherlock’s deep baritone sounds breathtakingly sexy in the quiet bedroom.
Sherlock’s laugh fades and he pulls John lower to find a better position.
Adam bents down so low that his body and his legs are in a vertical angle: “Ma’am, please again accept my sincere apology. I should not have assumed inappropriately, or have spoken inappropriately.” The poor young lad is so close from kneeling and begging for forgiveness.
The officer scratched his head, feeling awkward. This is clearly an innocent naive harmless young woman, who would believed her to be the wife of Frank Hudson, No. 1 drug dealer on Florida P.D.’s wanted list?
“Oh, she’s already picked a dress in somewhere else.”
Sherlock lets out one more little sob, tightens his arms and pouts: “Don’t you go anywhere.”
,” John nibbles at the junction where his ear meets his cheek, feeling satisfied to lure some moans out of him.
One night she was waken up by a twinge in her hips, and heard a vague noise upstairs. Was it Sherlock? Had he already solved the problems and came back? She moved upstairs on her tiptoes. It was all dark on the second floor, and the door to Sherlock’s bedroom was half open, from where came the light noises. She went across the corridor and stopped at the door. In the pale moonlight, she saw John sitting on the floor by the end of the bed, his head burying in his knees, quivering soundlessly. He was clearly crying. Mrs Hudson could not see his face, but she would never mistaken that it was Sherlock’s navy blue dressing gown John’s grabbing.
“Hum. Clayderman.” Sherlock says lazily.
Oh yeah, can you believe this? John never bothered to ask Sherlock to be his best man. One word would be enough, Sherlock would have immediately agreed; but at least John should have had the courtesy to mention it up? But—no. He just assumes that Sherlock agrees. Assumes Sherlock is more than happy to help him with the planning. Assumes all of the Holmes relatives are coming to the reception. Because sure, the British populace cherishes the traditions of regularly going on attending wedding receptions where their long-out-of-contact relative is supposed to be the groom’s best man. What is going on inside that little head of John’s, is beyond Sherlock’s comprehension.
baby. Mine, and yours.”
Sherlock has no idea why there are so many types of flowers to choose from, but he decides he’d better think about it before answering.
Sherlock looked at John in total bafflement.
could he not be there, when Sherlock is in hell? After all this, after Sherlock’s more-than-two-years fake death and John’s less-than-one-year marriage, how could they not cherish what they have in the present?
Drops and drops of tears come down from Sherlock’s half-shut eyes. “It’s yours,” his long fingers climb up to cover John’s hand, pressing together close to his heart, “if you want it.”
“Does Mary know I was there, too?” He finishes by merely asking.
“Terrific,” the rustling noises of John’s are coming closer along the flower shelf, “they’ll look so nice on
Later that day, John cleaned her wounds. Fortunately those were minor bleedings and nothing serious. Sherlock saw off Lestrade, who came to take away the very smashed intruder, shuffled very casually into her kitchen and went directly to her fridge.
John shrugs. “Dunno. But I think that’s not important, is it, hmm?”
--Can’t be sure. At least one week, maybe two or three months.
Still in astonishment, Sherlock takes over the bouquet, and the flowers flutter mellifluously in his arms, like melody with fragrance.
Sherlock grinned, "Yes, I love that word. Husband. I love that I am a
He marches outside, keeps marching for three blocks, his arms and legs pumping. He zigs and zags, ensuring he's alone.  Before hailing a cab, He huddles against a wall, texts Mycroft, one word, "needles."
"Sherlock, please."
Mycroft laughs. Completely inappropriate, but he remembers the bar fight he staged on John's stag night  in the hopes of them finally having
"Greg"
My lover forever
John turned in to face him, moving his chair a little closer. He whispered to him, "You are blood of my blood and bone of my bone. Why would I not want you to be happy?"
"Yes, I have a skull, a gift from an older friend who gave me his skull when he passed away. I'd cleared his wife off a murder charged, and prevented her from spending the last five years of her life in prison. As a gift, he agreed to donate his skull to me after he passed away, donating the rest of his body to science."
Tears pricked at Sherlock's eyes. He couldn't feel or hear John. He wasn't sure where he was. There wasn't any fingers in his hair, "Did John leave me? Where is John?"
John laughed, "I had finished cutting all the wood and I looked over and you were asleep. Laying here on the cement floor, curled up on yourself. I couldn't believe it."
Hamish giggled.
"I think it's more than daddy just thinking you're nice-"
They young boy pulled up his pant leg and proudly showed up a scar under his right knee that was about one and a half inches diagonal. It was a thin scar, which did indicate expert stitching.
"God I hate this," Sherlock leans into John and sobs, sobs, pulling them down to the floor. They're rocking, John holding Sherlock in his lap, wrapping every bit of his gangly legs around him. He coaxes his Sherlock to breathe; but he can barely catch any air in between his cries.
A man, dark skinned, curly haired, runs in the door. Sniper. Gear around his waist; he was grappling on the ceiling. He drops to Mycroft's side.
They don't speak, or move. John kisses Sherlock's jaw, pulling him close with fingers on the back of his neck. Sherlock continues to move slowly, so John wraps both legs around Sherlock's waist, forcing him in deeper.
"John, I don't understand why you don't love me anymore."
He was drifting to sleep in the warm water of the tub. John heard Sherlock enter the room. He panicked, thinking he needed to get up out of the water quickly to cover up. John, after a moment, dismissed the idea. They'd both seen each other in various states of undress before. This was no different.
He peeks through the curtains. The sun is just starting to rise up and turn part of the sky a lighter blue. 4:30 am.
problem, then a reunion."
Sherlock tried to swallow. His mouth was dry. He nodded.
"I'm going with him," John yells over his shoulder at Mary. Sherlock relaxes, the signaling stops; he closes his eyes now, leaning back into the staff's arms. They put him on a stretcher, folded up so his legs are tucked, and begin the awkward navigation down the stairs. John clenches and unclenches his left fist as he walks past Mary, walking as far away from her as the room and space will allow. He is as close to Sherlock as he can possibly get, and one of the men in the bright green coats has to gently push him on the shoulder to get some more room to turn the gurney. John rubs his eyes tiredly, how many times, Jesus....
Sherlock looks into John's eyes, "John, what are you talking about?"
John pulled Sherlock in for a quick kiss, "Sherlock, Mike Stamford teaches here. He's one of my other best mates. Hamish and I meet him in his office once a week for fish and chips. He discusses interesting cases. My best friend is Greg. Hamish and his girls play detective and murder investigations. Yes, it's weird when they get around other families sometimes, they think it's a bit morbid, but I'm not upset. I normally don't let him mess around with the equipment-"
