“I did not intend to see anything you did not mean to show me, but I think your subconscious was trying to help me understand. I am an angel, not really a man, but I do not think this vessel is the real problem you have with us being close. I saw what your father said, and I saw how that made you feel. Dean I saw what you did… in the bar… how you… you wanted it Dean and then you hurt him because you were ashamed. Then there was Benny… I know you felt strongly for him. Dean, these feelings, these instincts were never wrong, and they were never bad. You were lied to, John was wrong, there is nothing wrong with you or the things you feel.”
Jack put on his most convincing I’m-thinking-about-the-implications-of-that face before finally asking, “So, how is the love you have for your family different than like, the love that includes sex?”
Cas stayed quiet for a long time, he could sense the battle happening inside the hunter. Finally, Dean let out a sob and bent forward, smashing his fists into the cushions. He stood quickly and picked up the lamp beside the couch, threw it so fast that Cas did not have time to react and it smashed against the bricks throwing bits of pottery across the floor. He went to overturn the table, but Cas caught him, his arms tight around him, bracing against him. The hunter struggled for a few moments reflexively, and then his shoulders slackened, and he buried his head into Cas’s shoulder tears falling rapidly, soaking the angel’s t-shirt.
“Yeah, like that,” Dean smirked, “when you love someone… like… in a romantic sense you have chemistry with them. You know, you get along, you are attracted to each other and all that,” Dean felt that this answer bordered on rambling, but Jack seemed sated for the moment so he took a deep breath and poured himself another round.
This piqued my curiosity, “It means a great deal to me Dean, I am in love with you, but what specifically do you want to talk about?”
“I don’t want to die, Cas. Not really. I just have no idea what I’m doing anymore. I…” he hesitated, “I just feel like you want me to have it all figured out but I don’t man. I’m just not sure about anything anymore.”
Cas tilted his head toward Dean, “I do not want you to say anything specifically, I only want to know why you are so unhappy.”
It was on one such night when they decided to watch a western that Cas had never seen starring John Wayne, who Dean insisted was a legend. Cas enjoyed the movie at first but then quickly caught onto the sexist and xenophobic overtones and began to tune out.
Cas practically hummed with pleasure, and he leaned forward catching Dean’s mouth with his own. Then they were falling toward the bed, Dean was pulling his shirt over his head and then Cas grabbed his arms as he pressed him into the duvet. He kissed the place where his hand had print was left on Dean’s shoulder and then moved his lips to the freckled skin of his chest. He wanted to map out Dean’s entire body with his lips, but before long the hunter pulled him back toward his open mouth. Dean had not felt so desperate since he was a teenager, he was not smooth or practiced in this moment like he was with women. Instead, he was frantic and needy, his hands and eyes were devouring everything they could catch. Suddenly, he froze, Cas had pushed his hand under the hem of his sweatpants, pressing firmly against him through his boxers. Cas froze too, hoping he had not gone too far in his drunken need to touch him. He recognized that he needed consent for this type of action, and so he started to pull away, but Dean quickly grabbed his wrist, keeping his hand in place. His pupils were blown out, and Cas was instantly back in motion, gripping Dean hard through the thin layer of fabric.
“It’s not important,” Cas stood and placed a hand on Dean’s shoulder. They both felt little sparks at the contact before he lowered his hand again, placing it in the pocket of his coat.
“Cas,” Dean softened instantly, “Cas, I don’t want to take that from him. I… I had that taken from me, I get it, but this is it. This is the last shot at Chuck, and I cannot let that slip. We are talking about an ending where no one has to die or make a deal. We can be free Cas. If we don’t take that then what the hell’ve we been fighting for all these years?”
He thought about Cassie and Lisa, the two other loves in his life and while he had truly cared for them, it was a drop in the ocean compared to Cas. The thing was, Dean realized, that Cas was more than a significant other to Dean, he was a part of him. Dean started at the screen, thinking about the man in the article. He had a meaningful life with a woman, made a family with her, but after she was gone he was lost. The fact that he found love again was a miracle, and it did not change what he had felt for his wife, it just meant that he started a new chapter with his husband.
Dean felt his knees going weak beneath him, and he pressed his free hand to Cas’s shoulder. His insides were churning, and he felt like he might be sick, and he absolutely refused to be sick. Sucking in a large breath of fresh air he found his feet.
That adoring look sent Dean over the edge, he could not remember every being looked at like that by anyone but Cas. He was sorry that he did not understand sooner, but he was glad to be with him now. Leaning forward he pressed his nose to Cas’s before placing a soft, reverent kiss on his lips. They parted expectantly, and Dean fell backward, pulling Cas down on top of him. They were so caught up in the moment that neither of them heard the knock at the door.
“Well…” Cas stuttered, “yes, but you kiss lots of women Dean, it’s not a problem for you. I don’t think you often regret it when you’re sober.”
“What does it look like,” Dean said, quickly unbuttoning the rest of Cas’s shirt and slipping his hands over his bare waist.
I cleared my throat, removing my hand from his shoulder and pressing my fist hard into the pockets of my trench coat, “Nothing is wrong… well not yet, it’s Amara. She is here, and she wants to talk strategy about Chuck.”
Now, with the weight of human years on my shoulders, and with the fragile humanity that clings to me more with every unnecessary breath, I understand. It is worse. I love him more, because the second hand moves forward, so I must. I love him more, because to me, he is love.
I knocked on the door, suddenly overwhelmed by my body's sensations. My palms were slick with sweat and my heart was pounding so fiercely that I felt light-headed. I thought that maybe I should have eaten before coming, but after Sam had practically forced a glass of water down my throat I could not imagine eating anything. My stomach rolled over and over again, and I was grateful it was empty. After a moment more, I started to knock again.
I stepped back from the edge of the bed, he was asleep, so I just watched him. My grace had healed him of another wound inflicted in another battle. It was another piece of his humanity that was stripped from him yet it was me that was left feeling wrung out and utterly human. He hates it when I just stand and stare, so I sit in the little chair by his bedside and wait until just before dawn. Then, I slip away and we both pretend I was not there through the night, stopping his nightmares.
He stood and grabbed Cas’s hands pulling him to his feet, he looked so bewildered that it made Dean want to push him back down all over again, but he did not want to be caught, not again. So, he pulled Cas back toward his bedroom.
Suddenly, they were standing in front of the bunker. Cas turned as if to leave but Dean stopped him, grabbing the angle by the wrist.
Sam sighed, pushing his hand through his hair, “Cas, a mixtape is a romantic gift. It’s literally used so much it’s cliche.”
This chapter deals with anxiety and mentions homophobia, there is also violence toward a member of the gay community who is unnamed.
“Dean was explaining love to me, and I figured it out. I used clues and evidence like you taught me for hunts,” Jack said, clearly proud.
Dean wanted to laugh at that but he felt too antsy, and too overwhelmed by his brother's nonchalance, “So you’re saying you have no issue with this? With me… if I liked… if I, ya know?”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean. You see a broken man, you see someone tainted by the stain of hell. You see all the times you’ve fought and lost and you see what your father wanted you to be, what Chuck wrote you to be… a killer. You are a warrior, true, but you have never been motivated by anger or hate, you fought and fought. You used your body as a weapon, you raised Sam, and you stuck by Jack and you did it all for love. Every time you made a sacrifice you did it because you cared. You saved the world for love and you taught me what it meant to love. You are the reason I was already more human than angel even before Sam took my grace, you taught me to care not about heaven’s directive but about what is real, about freedom. You showed me what it meant to be a man, not the posturing and the persona, the real things.”
Castiel felt frustration beyond his normal, steady frustration with Dean. After all, this was Dean who said ‘I’m fine’, this was Dean who used violence and alcohol as bandages, this was Dean who walked away from love because he could not stand himself. Cas was not sure why he was pushing, and he knew he was pushing Dean. He wanted to know, wanted to understand, and outside of reaching into his mind, this was the best he could do. So he pushed.
Jack’s eyebrows knitted together again and he tilted his head, looking so much like Cas that it made Dean smile in spite of himself, “Does that make you sad?”
Sam came back into the kitchen pulling another bowl down from the cupboard, “We need more popcorn, Claire and Kaia are on their way.”
Sam, of course, picked up on Cas’s expression “Everything good? Did you guys get into another stupid fight?”
My head popped up and Dean had frozen in place his hands deep in his pockets and his eyes trained on the floor. It was nervousness. Just as I had been nervous a few days before.
Eventually, Cas opened the door, and Dean felt like he was melting at the image before him: angel of the lord with bedhead.
Finally, Dean stood. His muscles were sore and he stretched revealing a patch of pale flesh under the hem of his shirt. He noticed how Cas’s pupils dilated as he watched, and he wanted to chase that look, but there was something about being back in the bunker and having taken so many new steps that made Dean wary. He started to get that prickly claustrophobic feeling again, and his stomach turned over a few times.
Despite my best efforts, Dean woke with a start, his hand reflexively going to the gun beneath his pillow. He relaxed when he saw it was me, the tension draining from his body. I knew I should be speaking, explaining, but I stood there for just a beat too long looking at his sleep-flushed cheeks and matted hair. I wanted to kiss him, I always wanted to kiss him.
The phone screen read half past noon, Dean blinked twice looking at it. He could not remember the last time he had slept that late, or that long. He felt it in his bones, there was a lack of pain in his joints and muscles, and he was not hungover thanks to Cas.
Their bottles clinked, and he smirked the way women always seemed to love. He knew how to do this, he knew how to flirt. He knew how to say the right thing to make someone just as lonely and hard up as he was feel a little more valuable in a moment. Dean was the master of making other people feel wanted, and the master of pushing them away.
The sincerity with which Sam spoke the next words drove through me like a wooden stake, “I know you think that Cas and I know why, but you’re wrong, you can have happiness. It’s not impossible.”
His face must have registered that doubt, because Cas leaned forward his head tilted adorably to the side.
Cas gave Sam an annoyed look, “No, but he seemed to be upset last night when I asked him some personal questions.”
“What? No, it wasn’t a bad dream” Dean looked up quickly, confusion on his face quickly replaced by embarrassment, “I mean… It wasn’t… it was nothing.”
Cas watched his tea steeping and thought about all the times Dean had withheld information, or covered up his own pain in order to ease those around him, or simply stopped a line of questioning as soon as it became too personal.
“Sam,” he began pacing, “I was not good at being human. I read all the signals wrong, and now apparently Dean has already given me a romantic gift and I had no idea. What if I get it all wrong.”
Dean nearly spit his whiskey across the table, “Well, first off,” he said, “You don’t do that with your family, that’s gross.”
I did not hesitate, I had come to Sam knowing that he would not fight me, it had been his idea and I was finally resolved. So, I found his hesitation annoying.
“Wait, what?” Dean was trying to catch up, Cas often left out details which kept him trailing behind trying to grasp at any conversational thread.
It was four-thirty in the afternoon and Dean was not sure how he would manage for the next two and a half hours without coming out of his skin. He had gotten a text from Cas an hour before that just read ‘Getting food for tonight. I will cook for you. See you at seven.” Dean had grimaced a bit at first, he had been counting on a crowded restaurant or bar to help ease the tension, but then he pictured Cas in his “Kiss the Chef” apron and goosebumps rose across his neck. So, he cleaned his room, changed his sheets, did a load of laundry, took a shower, changed three times and then sat on the edge of his bed watching the clock change from 6:32 to 6:33 to 6:34 and so on, until it read 7:00 and he headed toward the kitchen.
“Okay,” Sam said, clearly gearing up for the ‘big speech’, “I don’t want to annoy you or whatever but I have kinda always known you were into guys too, Dean. Honestly, I think you could flirt with a tree. I don’t really care, I just want you to be happy.”
He immediately buried his face in his coffee cup, drinking until it was empty just as an excuse not to look at anyone.
Of course, when he looked up at Dean a little blush rose to his cheeks. Dean really hoped this would not keep happening.
Not finding what he was looking for he made the search more specific, ‘coming out bisexual in your 40s’. An article popped up, and Dean clicked on it, still unsure exactly what he was looking for. The article was written by a man around his age, he was married and had an apple pie sort of life, however he was bisexual. He had had limited encounters with men in his youth but had written it off as experimentation. When he married his wife, he felt like it just made sense. However, the man’s wife had died and he had started to date again. After going out with a few women, he decided to open up his dating profile to see if he could possibly have a relationship with a man.
Dean did not respond, but his mouth fell open slightly, and then suddenly went rigid as he bit down and his cheeks muscles tightened.
Dean practically inhaled the whiskey he had just poured himself, suddenly wishing Sammy were here to field these questions, “Uh… no, that’s not what real love is like. That was obsession, not love.”
Our eyes were locked, and it was actually awful. I could hear my heart wooshing in my ears, an my hands were trembling. The moment was so fraught with tension that I suddenly wished I could shimmy out of it like an ill-fitting sweater.
They both stood there for a moment staring like idiots, unable to stop smiling. Finally, it was the sound of the bubbling coming from the stove that caught Dean’s attention.
To Dean’s relief, Sam did in fact spend the next few hours researching and messaging on his phone. Dean listened to a classic rock block of Zepp, The Who, Joplin, Hendrix, and even smiled when Yes came on. He tapped along to the rhythm and sang as many of the words as he knew, trying not to think about the last few days or the feeling of Cas rubbing little circles into his skin. It worked, mostly, but about three hours in Sam turned down the radio.
Dean looked at Cas and immediately registered the hurt that was on his face. Something was forming at the base of his throat, choking him. Finally the woman stomped out her cigarette butt, and walked back into the bar making sure to shoot them one last knowing glance before the door shut behind her.
“Alright man,” he said, “I know you like to get freaky with ladies like April who want to stab you, but hows about we find you somebody who lets you carry the angel blade.”
Cas’s eyes went wide, but he stood up from the chair where he sat and moved to the couch beside Dean. As soon as he sat down, Dean Sat the blanket back down over both of their legs and looked back toward the tv. The couch was old and worn and as time went on their weight pressed the cushions so that they were both sort of smooshed in the middle with their thighs and arms pressed together. Due to this, Cas could not have listened to the movie if he wanted to because he was so preoccupied with the feel of Dean’s bicep against his own, and the way the hunter seemed to radiate heat.
“No, Dean!” I heard my voice but it didn’t even feel like I was speaking. It was almost like being in my true form. My vessel was speaking words but I felt outside myself, like I was watching this scene play out from miles above.
“Listen, Dean, no one has ever loved you more than Cas. I think it would be great if you two finally started something.”
“The thing is when you said all that shit… all those things… I felt like I could hear his voice telling me to deck you…”
“Oh,” Cas said, “I assumed that he would have told you and Jack, I did not realize that he wouldn’t want anyone to know.”
“Cas, Goddammt! I’m not offended. You just… well, you saw that woman tonight, how she looked at us, at me. Over the years, haven’t we heard all the jokes, the jabs about the two of us. Even those damn kids pulled it off the pages of Chuck’s books and wrote it in their musical. What if that was Chuck, too. Messing with us?”
Dean actually looked sympathetic at this, and before Cas could react, he sat back down on the couch where he had been and turned the TV on again. He pulled the blanket back up and over them and put on another program. He did not say a word, but they stayed like that for hours, close.
Dean smirked at his brother, but apprehension spread through him. He had assumed Eileen would be a buffer between Dean and his overly inquisitive brother. So, he turned up the radio as the sped out of the garage, and hoped Sam would feel like a quiet drive for the next four hours.
“What?” Sam said, turning a bit in his seat, “You guys spent the night together, right? Just figured you may be starting something.”
“Cas,” he said, keeping his voice steady, “I’m asking here. I can’t talk about this shit. I can't, and I’m just going to keep saying the wrong thing. So, just see for yourself.”
“I guess,” he began, tentatively, “It's like a really good friendship, but sometimes you look at the person, and you feel more than just that. You want to stay close to them, you want to tell them stuff, the important things and the little stuff. You look out for each other, and you care when other people might not care. You find ways to be near them, it's a proximity thing sometimes.”
That’s when Sam knocked on the door and Dean and Cas blew apart like they had been hit by Dean’s trusty grenade launcher.
“Amara,” I hesitated, unbalanced by the power flowing from her being, “I thought Dean had informed you, we have changed course.”
It was at that moment as the Hobbits hid underneath a fallen tree from the Nazgul that Dean looked at Cas, only to find the angel already looking back at him, a hint of concern in his eyes. It felt like an invasion to have Cas’s open, questioning expression pointed his direction and the room suddenly felt smaller. He gave Cas a tight smile, and grabbed the half eaten bowl of popcorn from the floor beside him, making a lame excuse about needing more butter before he exited the “Dean Cave” and practically ran to the kitchen.
“Actually,” Dean put on the top piece of bread, proud of his sandwich masterpiece before walking back over to the table and setting the plates down, “when you love someone, a lot of times you fight or bicker or whatever over little stuff, you know get on each other's nerves a little bit. It's not bad fighting most of the time, but love isn’t cut and dry.”
“We figured we would stop in for a good night sleep and save the money on a hotel room,” Claire had said as she punched Dean cordially on the shoulder.
Eileen was in the war room when they got back and she ran straight to Sam and planted a kiss squarely on his mouth the second he stepped inside.
“I just,” he hesitated, “this is a lot, right? I just feel like this is a big deal, but I also don’t have any clue how to talk about it.”
Cas was literally in the same place that he was, he was just a few doors down. Dean pictured him, reading at his desk still wearing his sweatpants, and he swallowed against the image, wondering what he was doing. He was running hot and cold on Cas, unable to declare what he wanted because it got stuck in his throat when he tried to imagine it. He stood abruptly, closing the browser on his phone and putting it in his pocket. A few moments later he was knocking softly on Cas’s door, trying his hardest to breathe evenly.
“Yeah man,” Dean reached around me and opened the door ushering me inside. “What’s up?” He said his eyes sparkling as he took another sip of beer.
Cas was focusing on staying still, his urges were growing more human by the minute, but he would not cross any lines, he would let Dean lead. He could be content with holding Dean’s hand and not having him pull away. Every time their hands had touched up to this point they never lingered but Cas could recall the way it shot sparks through him. Even in the heat of battle when their knuckles were bloodied and bruised the slightest touch from Dean felt like a gift.
He let his lips brush Cas’s with every word, and the angel leaned forward, hungrily. Dean evaded him, pulling back and placing his hand firmly against his chest. He pulled off his flannel overshirt and placed it neatly on the chair beside him. Then he slowly lifted the hem of his t-shirt, exposing the skin at his waist. He took Cas’s hand, loving the way his fingers shook as he placed them over the hard muscles on his stomach. He watched the angel as he caressed the skin for a moment and then dug his fingers into his side, pulling Dean forward. The hem of his shirt fell back down, and Cas let out a frustrated breath as Dean pulled away from him again. Then, placing a hand on either side of Cas, he pushed the angel down onto the table, pressing into him so that their stomachs and groins were touching. Cas let you a little whimper, and pulled Dean down on him, kissing him feverishly, kissing him like maybe he would never get the chance to again. For a few minutes, Dean got caught up in it —the way Cas was pulling him down, the feel of his chest heaving beneath him, the way he was so wanted — but then he remembered the point he had been making and he rolled over, panting and glancing at the clock.
“No,” Cas said firmly, “No Dean, you need to help me understand. This is unbearable. I do not understand what is wrong.”
Dean felt his face go hot again, “Cas, you didn't need to do anything. I mean, I appreciate it, but I just want to spend time with you.”
Eventually, Cas was able to convince Dean to get some sleep, he helped the hunter take off his boots and jacket, and pulled the covers around him. There was no weakness in Dean, no frailty in him either. There was only a sadness that went so deep it permeated the marrow in his bones. Cas wished he could cleanse him of this sadness as he had of the alcohol, instead he watched over his hunter through the night, and tried to love him just a little bit less, because he thought it might kill him to love him more.
“Oh,” Cas put another piece together, “and the tape you made me…the Zepp tape, Sam said that was a romantic gesture?”
She smiled again, straightening the labels of her perfectly fitted white suit jacket, “Well then, I suggest you wake the household, we do not have much time.”
Dean pondered that one, he knew what he would say to an actual adult Jack, but this Jack was a psuedo baby, so crass was probably not the best route. He tilted his head pouting his lips again, trying to come up with a rated G answer.
Cas felt that knot in his stomach twist again, and fought the urge to wrap his arms around the hunter. Instead he smiled at him and placed his hand over Dean’s. To his utter shock, Dean did not pull away, but squeezed Cas’s hand once before turning off the ignition and heading into the motel. It was the first time they were alone since their conversation outside the bunker. Cas knew Dean had been avoiding being alone with him, but he tried not to let it bother him. He assumed that Dean was trying to put distance between them so that Cas would not confuse their friendship for something more. He had been reading about human relationships, and thought this was Dean setting boundaries… although he also thought it seemed a little like avoidance.
, but he held his tongue in favor of Cas. “I’m going to figure it out. We’re going to figure it out,” Dean said firmly. “What do you want to do now?”
“I-I was wrong!” Cas nearly wailed as he gasped for breath again. “I thought you might be able to feel my Grace, to understand, but I was wrong!” Dean, regaining his sanity, reached out for the hysterical Cas. “No, don’t touch me!”
Dean said nothing, and instead looked around for any signs of danger. He gripped his Blade tighter in his hand. He silently moved closer to Cas, a promise of mutual protection. “What is it?” he mouthed.
“Cas… what do you want to do now?” Dean asked. Cas thought he seemed unsure of how to handle the emotional part of him, so he responded quickly.
“Dean, stop!” Cas said as quietly as he could to get Dean’s attention. They both paused in the middle of the clearing. “I hear talking up ahead.”
Cas took the basket anyways and stood. “Here, I’ll clean up.” Dean tried to help, but Cas swatted his hand away lightly.
“I can’t even believe it. We come to a steakhouse where everyone looks like they know J-Lo and you order a salad?” Dean joked.
Cas furrowed his brow and shook his head. “It’s probably nothing.” He continued walking, and Dean followed. “I’ll stay sharp.”
“Looks like this one isn’t too deep. It’ll heal in a couple weeks.” Dean scrubbed gently at his angel’s face and watched him carefully to make sure he wasn’t hurting him. Cas was definitely in shock from his ordeal. He was in a decent amount of pain, and he looked so tightly wound that Dean wasn’t sure if he heard him.
When Dean moved to what was left along the coverts, Cas’ wing twitched suddenly. Dean moved his hand back when Cas let out a small sound of resignation.
Dean smiled, easing the tension a bit. Cas, shaky and a little breathless, attempted to return the favor as Dean entered him, but even with his permission given, he was still a bit surprised. Cas’ hands flew to Dean’s back and let his nails dig into his skin. Dean growled as the full force of Cas’ heat caught up to him.
“I don’t want to wake him right now, but I want to be there when he wakes up. See you first thing tomorrow.” Dean said, already turning down the hall to go to his room.
Cas tried to concentrate. He picked himself up carefully, wincing at the sudden pull of gravity on his wings, and focused on seeing Dean. He squeezed his eyes shut and searched, searched for any possible sign of where Dean was.
Cas groaned, his head pounding. He tried to move, but his arms, legs, and torso were tied to a chair. The front of his suit was stained with blood, presumably from the cut on his face, and he seemed to have sprouted bruises in his unconscious state.
The Monsters told him Dean was alive. Cas already knew. He didn’t know exactly where Dean was, but he could feel him. Cas waited for Dean to find him where he was. He wasn’t going to endanger Dean by coming near him on purpose.
Dean’s shoulders heaved in a mix of breath-chasing anxiety and relief, grateful that Cas was not afraid of him. “Jesus, angel, you smell so good.” He practically leapt onto the bed and wasted no time pulling the covers off of Cas.
Dean was spat out of the exit rougher than he would’ve liked. He lost his footing and felt his shoulder hit the pavement before he even opened his eyes again. He heard a sound like a generator shutting down and the portal closed, zipping up Purgatory, barring it from the rest of the world.
Once the water falling off Cas’ skin was no longer red and his hair was clean, Cas stepped out of the shower. He dried off his hair and body with the towel and wrapped it around his middle. He stepped out of the bathroom and padded to Dean’s room, his wet feet sticking to the floor as he walked.
Though he had finished praying, his longing did not disappear. Dean sighed and continued watching the stars. He waited for nothing. He watched for nothing. He listened for nothing.
“A-Ahhhhh, Dean!” Cas was full out sobbing as a force of arousal equal to a regular day’s orgasm hit him, the length of the feeling conjuring up more anxiety. It wasn’t over yet, and he knew it. “Please, p-please, please help me…” he said weakly through the spikes of pleasure racking his body.
Dean turned towards Cas, who was lying on the ground next to him. His back was turned towards Dean and his face was curled into his chest. He held his arms across his stomach and shivered.
Dean fell to the ground as Cas decapitated another Leviathan. His blade was knocked out of his hand and down the hill. Sensing the fear in his Humanity, Cas yelled his name and threw him his own blade. Dean grabbed it and punctured the Leviathan’s side. Cas thrust his hand forward at a Leviathan making its way to him and killed it with his Grace. Three more.
Dean knew Cas was feeling quite useless. Every Monster that came, Cas would stand at the ready, waiting to get a hit in, but Dean wanted him to heal. To smite and kill with just his hands, he needed his Grace, and he was still weak. He was doing better, but Dean was concerned about him being at his best when they needed to leave.
Dean thought. Guess his Humanity was still detectable. He thought about trying to direct Cas’ attention elsewhere, but he figured it would be better to just let the shower wash away their filth first.
“You don’t get it,” Cas snapped at Dean. “You know how Gabriel is. And they still hurt a lot. I don’t want him to see me.”
When Dean pulled a feather near the place where wing met skin, Cas dropped his head and gasped out a distressed, “Please…”
“I want to go home. Tonight,” Cas said into the phone. He looked Dean in the eyes while he said it, partially asking permission, partially conducting his own will.
Cas settled back into the bed. “Yes, I think so… It definitely helps to have a partner. This… isn’t over though.”
“Can you walk, Cas?” Dean asked, opening the car door with his leg. Cas nodded, wincing as he sat up. Dean slid out of the car helped Cas out of the backseat. He swung Cas’ arm around his shoulder and half-carried him into the bunker. Dean got to work right away.
Though annoyed, Dean nodded solemnly, resigned to the facts. It was simple, really. Cas was hurt, and Dean wanted…
“Shhh, shhh… it’s okay.” Dean held out his hand. Cas gripped it and squeezed, still attempting to breathe through his injuries. A few miles later, they were home.
“I feel awful,” Cas lamented. He was staring at the buckle of Dean’s belt like he was going to tear Dean out of his jeans himself. Dean removed them quickly, and his boxers followed soon after.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down there, sweetheart. You’ve got a long night ahead of you.” Cas decided he would try and keep pace with Dean instead, who’s glass was only half full.
“It’s a summer solstice that correlates with Pluto beginning a new orbit. This hasn’t happened in over 12,000 years.”
A few minutes of walking later, Dean noticed that the trees were becoming more sparse. “I think there’s a clearing up ahead.” He took a moment to look at his surroundings more carefully. “Going through instead of around looks to be the quickest option. Ready?”
It was going to take some focus to manifest his wings, especially when they were damaged. Cas didn’t foresee any risk in doing so, he just knew it would hurt a lot. He shut his eyes and inhaled deeply, focusing on the transition from one plane of existence to another. Pressure built up on his spine, and just as Cas thought that he couldn’t take any more, it burst. He didn’t open his eyes until he heard Dean let out a breath.
Once Cas was limp and simply mumbling to himself, Dean pulled out and brushed the sweaty hair off of Cas’ forehead. “Hey, open your eyes, Cas,” he said. Cas opened his eyes lethargically. “Look…”
Dean nodded, understanding. “Well, it seems you’ve got yourself a fairly private place. I can stand watch while you take some time for yourself. Does that sound okay?”
The Leviathans were approaching faster now, snarling as their feet pounded with a fury most Monsters could only dream to achieve. It took a lot to scare Cas, but at this moment, he was filled to the brim with anxiety. Nevertheless, he pushed his mind and body to their limits, letting Dean’s footsteps guide his path.
First on the list, finding out where the hell they were. He rifled through the desk drawers until he found a travel guide in the dresser that the television sat on.
He was already in so much pain. His Grace faded by the hour, leaking from his very core. Each moment he felt Dean’s Humanity took away a bit of that angel will. It made him cry. It made him feel emotions he thought he could never feel. Cas felt all the sorrow in the world at the loss of someone he himself pushed away. Humanity was replacing piety, and it terrified him.
“I don’t know…” Dean said, turning slightly to look at the sleeping Cas. “He’s in a lot of pain. And he’s getting sick. And whatever he did… It was a
“I have to start pulling feathers.” Cas winced at the thought. “All the bloodied ones. And I might have to set some of the bones back in place myself since my Grace can’t do it for me.”
“Don’t look at me…” Cas said, his voice muffled by the blankets. He wriggled beneath them, clearly some kind of uncomfortable that Dean couldn’t identify.
“No!” Cas wanted to scream, but he forced himself to lower his voice. His whole body trembled as he laid still, wanting so badly to rid himself of this deeply human affliction. “Too much. N-Need more. I wanna… I want to finish so bad, Dean. Quickly. But make… make it slow.”
He jumped to Cas’ level, turning on the Leviathans. “Just a little more. Come on, Cas,” Dean said. A Leviathan lunged up from the ground and Dean kicked it in the chest, knocking it back into another. Cas raised his blade two and began swinging anywhere he could. It was bloody and gruesome, but Cas didn’t care. They were so close. There were only five left.
“Yes! More, Dean, ah-ngh~!” Cas was curling forward, his pace on Dean’s cock slowing as exhaustion took hold. Dean sat up to bring their chests together and quickened the pace at Cas’ request.
Dean furrowed his brow, confused. “Who’s taking it away?” Cas looked down and shook his head. Dean reached for his wrist and spoke softly. Cas trembled at the sudden contact. “Cas, I’m not upset, I promise. Tell me what’s happening, angel.”
Dean leaned his head against the tree and stared up at the sky. There were no stars, only sun and moon to tell the passage of day and night. Staring into that indigo, Dean prayed, just as he had the night before.
Cas closed his eyes, squinting as he concentrated. Dean couldn’t hear any voices at all, but Cas’ enhanced hearing must’ve picked them up. “I think they’re Leviathans,” he answered, returning to his intense concentration. “They’re talking about… guarding something. I can’t figure out what yet.”
Dean had spent all night coming up with a plan. He had been looking for a way out, but today, he decided to change his course. He began to head due east of where he originally planned on going, hoping it would shake up the pattern of Monsters and lead him to Cas.
“Shhh… these are my big plans, baby.” Dean whispered, carding his fingers through Cas’ hair. “I’ve got something in mind for dinner, but all I wanna do is be with you today.”
“Actually, both of our wallets are missing. Can we stay here for the night? I promise I can make it up to you.” Dean clutched Cas a bit tighter, half out of impatient concern, half for dramatic effect, showing a sad half-smile as he did so.
“-It’s okay. Don’t be sorry, baby. Come here,” Dean said, coaxing Cas to come a bit closer. He buried his face into Cas’ hair as Cas curled into Dean’s body.
In all the areas where Dean pulled out feathers, the tips of newly grown down were starting to poke through. Dean continued to touch the underside of one of Cas’ wings.
“You’re Dean Fucking Winchester.” Cas’ eyes flitted nervously to Dean’s for a moment, and then he laughed. “I’m just Castiel.”
The intro guitar riff to Cherry Pie by Warrant kicked out of the speakers. Dean drummed on the table with his hands to the beat. He squeezed his eyes shut in concentration, smirking. Castiel didn’t recognize the song until Dean started singing along.
“Fuuuck, Dean, more, more,” he begged as Dean started to thrust into him. It was slow and practiced, but Cas was moaning like a damn pornstar. It wasn’t very long until Cas was cumming in thick rope across their stomachs.
The night was broken by the occasional scream of a dying Monster, the pitiful end to yet another life. To Dean, the loudest thing in all of Purgatory was his mind.
“Sam, the box said three minutes on each side,” Castiel said, frowning. “It’s been two and I can already smell the batter burning.” He peeled the edge of a pancake from the pan. The outside was nearly black, but the inside was still runny.
“Home.” Unlike Dean, Cas feared the unknown, but that didn’t mean he wouldn’t risk it all to get back to Earth.
Dean and Cas travelled towards the exit for about five days. There were minimal attacks from Purgatory’s more permanent residents, all handled with swift ease by Dean.
“Do they hurt to move?” Dean asked tentatively. Cas nodded. “Then we should start getting you healed up right away,” Dean said, not knowing how to start. “Is there a way we can speed up your healing process?”
The three each went to their own closets to get ready and met up in a little less than an hour. Cas was having a little trouble tying his tie correctly, so he entered the main room of the bunker last.
As he spoke, a Leviathan threw himself out of the brush behind Cas. Dean’s eyes widened as he yelled incoherently, driving himself into action. Dean grabbed Cas firmly by the arm and flung him behind him to safety. He swung at the quickly approaching Leviathan with the Blade, cutting off it’s head in one smooth stroke.
“I can’t understand you, angel,” Dean said, panting as he continued his thrusts. He stayed attentive to Cas’ needs, making sure he wasn’t in pain or overheating. As it always seemed to be, this was a new situation for both of them.
“He looks awful, Dean,” Sam said quietly as he drove, glancing in the rear view mirror at Cas. “What the hell even happened?”
Cas turned, his body unfurling slightly under Dean’s intoxicating scent. He could smell the alpha in him coming out- an extra kick of smoke in Dean’s syrupy-sweet bourbon scent. “Why?”
Cas shook his head. “No… when I was an angel, I could see it… It’s so bright. It’s the most gorgeous soul I’ve ever seen. I think it’s what made me fall in love with you…” Cas admitted shyly. Seeing Dean’s soul was the one thing he wished he could still experience. The learning curve of becoming human was hard enough.
“Yes, that’s fine, thank you,” Cas said as Dean helped him slide the black t-shirt over his head. He shifted as the fabric draped over his back so that it didn’t rub against his scar too violently. Dean swung his legs over the edge of the bed and Cas leaned on him for support as he put on the blue jeans. Both articles of clothing were a bit big on him, but he didn’t mind. They were breathable enough to keep Cas’ sensitive skin relatively pain free.
“If you won’t tell me where Crowley is, I’ll have to beat it out of lover boy myself.” Cas hated the thought. He shut his eyes, arm still stinging, and tried to calm his spinning human mind. When Cas said nothing for too long, the demon ripped open Cas’ dress shirt with the blade, cutting his chest in the process.
All of a sudden, the creature darted out of the bushes, running the other direction from Dean and Cas. Dean took a few steps forward, gradually picking up speed. Cas lunged after him.
Dean swiped the blade through the neck of the Leviathan that was pinning him down. Another came at him from the side, and he elbowed it in the chest, launching it back enough for him to swivel around and cut it’s head off as well.
“I need you. Now. Please.” Cas was hardly ever this direct. Usually they fell straight into the rhythm of sex with silent initiation, or Dean proposed the idea.
“Shit…” Dean said, reaching in his suit pocket for a lock pick. He wiggled the tool around for a few seconds, and he wrenched the handle open when he heard it click. The door hit the wall as Dean stormed into the bathroom.
“... No. It was just… tired. Your soul just kind of… clung onto me.” Cas smiled. “You didn’t let go until I had to put you back into your body.”
Cas groaned a bit, his eyes adjusting to the earthly sunlight. He coughed, his body curling in on itself as he woke.
“It’s alright, you’ll get better,” Dean said. “We’ve got nothing else to do until Sam gets here. It’s a three hour drive, but considering we just came back from the dead, he’ll probably be here in two. Do you want to rest a little more?”
“Well, the initial harm done to them when we were pulled here caused feathers to fall off, along with numerous contusions to the outer layers of skin… and there are a few broken bones and torn ligaments. It seems my continued neglect has rendered my abilities fairly useless.”
The words were out and I did not want them back. I felt light headed under the weight of what I had just revealed, yet I had no desire to run. It was the truest thing in the universe. I had given everything to say it, and I was happy. Dean’s mouth was slightly agape, as a single tear fell down his cheek. Moments passed and I watched as he tried to solve this puzzle, too, he but when he finally looked back up at me I knew he had not.
Cas was annoyed that Dean had called it voodoo, his grace was pure, it was a universal force, not simple human magic, but he still reached out and touched his fingers to Dean's head. He cleared his body of any trace of alcohol, purifying his blood. When he pulled his hand away, he saw that Dean’s eyes were no longer glassy.
“Oh,” Dean could tell he had tripped a wire, he was not sure if he should backtrack or move on, “I… uh… Cas, of course, we are more than friends, but I just want to take it one day at a time. I don’t really do this much, ya know?”
“Well, he offered to find me a female sex partner, but I had been thinking about my experiences and explained that I would like to have a male sex partners in future. He seemed fine with that…,” Cas felt flustered, trying to remember the exact conversation, “then he got upset when I asked if he had, had any male sex partners…”
Cas’s stomach lurched and his eyes stung at Dean’s harsh tone, he felt in this moment that he might never understand being human. He was constantly tripping wires that he could not see. Constantly setting people’s teeth on edge by simply asking questions.
Cas had come back to the bunker after being stabbed by April. Dean kept looking at him out of the corner of his eye like he was expecting Cas to disintegrate, but Cas would just smile reassuringly. Honestly, he felt fine, April had healed him completely before Dean killed her. He wanted to be sad that she was dead, but being tortured had shifted his perspective.
“Cas,” Sam shifted uncomfortably, “what Jack is doing, taking God’s power, it’s going to work. I can feel it.”
He scrolled past a few articles from trash magazines, before finally clicking a link from a “.org”. The page was mostly advice for young people and safe sex practices, Dean had managed to stay pretty clean over the years so he knew all about wrapping things up, but he knew that would not be a problem with Cas who was basically a virgin. Dean considered the fact that when it came to sex with men, he was practically as inexperienced, and his mouth went dry at the thought.
Shit! Dean thought. Of course, Cas had misunderstood. He needed to fix it, but he was not sure how. Taking a deep breath he decided to say the first thing that came to his mind, “Let’s go on a date tonight.”
Anger bubbled in me down to my bones and I was suddenly grateful that I no longer had the angelic ability to rip John Winchester from heaven and put him back in hell.
Once the coffee was made, Dean pulled a few pieces of bacon from a container in the fridge and grabbed a pack of pop tarts from the pantry.
Dean really hoped he was not grimacing as he took a bite. Whatever he imagined this would fast like, it was worse, there were simultaneously too many flavors and no flavor at all in his mouth. Sour olives mixed with something that felt like a leaf and pasta that was so over cooked it practically disintegrated as he chewed.
“Destroying Chuck is not the answer, the universe requires power, without it there will be a vacuum and you will once again be fighting the next being in line to fill that void. Even your angel there,” she paused, scrutinizing me, and I tensed in response, “even he tried to play god once and we all know how that turned out.”
“Cas,” he whispered, finally pressing closely against him. He kissed his shoulder as Cas stirred beside him before settling again. He took a deep breath and decided to turn off all the filters, they were alone, and he wanted to say everything, “Cas, honey, wake up.”
Cas did not reply, he did not like using his grace in this way. When he healed someone he liked to know that he was truly helping them. Somehow, he did not think Dean would benefit from knowing there was a way out of a hangover.
“Cas,” he eyed me warily, his hand wavering near the hilt of the blade, “I know this was my idea, but are you sure?”
Eventually, humanity betrayed me and my stomach growled. Dean pulled back and I was almost knocked flat. I thought I knew all his looks — his grimaces, his frowns, his smirks — but the smile that greeted me was so blindingly open and breathtaking that I felt a wide answering grin spread over my face.
It must have been clear on his face because when Dean turned to face him he said, “You okay man? What, did you hate the movie?”
“You don’t think you deserve to be saved,” was what he had said the first time they met, he had realized it almost immediately. He knew that Dean hated himself, blamed himself, and felt himself to be a weapon: Daddy’s blunt instrument, Michael’s sword, Chuck’s ultimate killer. Yet, Cas loved him anyway. Dean had never felt less worthy of anything.
“Uh,” he cleared his throat, “anything cooking in that pot Cas?” He asked, gesturing to the boiling water.
This was how Dean had greeted him after he was saved from the empty, but in the weeks that followed anytime Cas was around Dean was distant. Although Cas knew very little about human sexual identity, he assumed that Dean’s discomfort stemmed from heteronormative ideas that Dean so clearly fought to display. It was something that made no sense to the angel who, although he felt that his vessel was as real to him as his angelic form, found the distinctions and labels of humans overly complicated. He loved Dean, he was in love with him, but he felt unable to be ashamed of that fact. Regardless of the hunter’s ability to return his feelings, it was true for him, and it brought him a great deal of joy. Until, that was, Dean began to put a marked distance between them. After that initial embrace, Dean avoided touching him, or sometimes even looking at him. Cas had asked Sam about it and had been surprised that Sam was unaware of the circumstances which had led to his time in the Empty.
Really, Dean was happy to see them as well, but he was just more wary of groups in general than Sam the social butterfly.
The panic in his voice made me eerily calm, he cared for me. If I left this room with just that I would make it enough. I would make being his family enough. My heart would break, over and over, but I would survive it because he loved me as family, and that could be enough. I nearly backed out, but then his eyes dropped to the floor and I knew I had to say it, to say everything.
Cas smiled his most crooked angelic smile, “Oh… well. Very effective,” he said looking down where he was straining against his slacks.
Cas immediately went to turn off the burner while Dean walked toward the table. The kitchen smelled like something Dean could not quite place, not bad just not food. Looking down at the bowl on the table dean’s stomach lurched. It resembled some sort of thin red soup with small chunks of vegetables and greasy meat floating in it, and he could swear that was cheddar cheese on top. Dean sat down, eyeing the bowl warily, before Cas came to join him uncapping a beer and setting it before Dean.
“I can see that,” Jack said, laughing a little, “but I think I understand the basics. You love your family because they are there for you and they teach you things, but you love someone romantically because they are special to you and you take care of eachother.”
Instead, he settled on a few manageable steps, it was a plan, and he liked having a plan. He did a checklist in his head, and the first thing was to just be Cas’s boyfriend. He winced at even the thought of a word that was so absolutely juvenile in light of what Cas meant to him, but decided that he would just have to deal with the discomfort because it was what they were to one another, and it was what Cas deserved.
Cas watched with a strange fascination as Dean slid the fork slowly between his lips, savoring the flavor of the warm cinnamon and nutmeg that complimented the tartness of the apples. Suddenly, Cas was hungry, but not for food. Dean made a sound deep in his throat as he took another bite, winking at Cas who was staring at Dean, mouth agape. Lecherously, Castiel watched as Dean took one more bite and then it was too much for the angel. His mouth was on Dean’s before he realized he had lost control. Dean was melting into him as Cas pushed the hunter backward onto the kitchen table, his lips parting invitingly. There was nothing chaste in this kiss, but they both fell into a natural rhythm, feeding off one another’s pleasure.
“Can you believe he almost told me he loved me over FaceTime?” She explained, “I told him to shut his mouth and that when I saw him I would say it first.”
In his room, Cas stared at the clothing that Sam had chosen for him to wear. He did not understand why his suit would not suffice as it was more formal than the casual black t-shirt and jeans of Deans that Sam had laid out. However, Sam had insisted that first dates were casual. He pulled the t-shirt over his head noticing immediately that it smelled of Dean, warm and oaky. The jeans were a bit too long, so he rolled the cuffs over his dress shoes and viewed himself in the mirror. While he only really ever spent time observing Dean, he appreciated the human form, and smirked at the reflection of his vessel in the mirror. Sam had been correct.
They had been skirting around one another uncomfortably for a few weeks after Cas came back to the bunker. Jack was gone doing Jack-as-God stuff —which was weird — and they were all adjusting to life after Chuck. Of course, Jack had brought Cas back from the empty immediately, he bargained with the empty and put it back to sleep in exchange for the angel. Dean had held Cas so tightly when he got back that he knew he would have left marks if he were human, and Cas held back, gently at first but then just as desperately as Dean. The next day Dean did have small bruises on his back from Cas’s grip.
Sam wanted to check in when they got to the motel, so Dean parked Baby and grabbed their bags from the back. It was a clear warm day, but the wind blew fiercely and the sun was beginning to dip low in the sky, causing Dean to shiver inside his jacket. He hoped the room had better heat than the bunker.
“It’s your birthday! It’s the one day a year you have to let me help you.” Cas said gleefully as he picked up their finished lunch.
“No…” Cas said weakly. Dean sat down at the end of the bed. Though he couldn’t see Cas, he reached out to touch his covered leg in support.
Cas passed through the gates of Heaven and Earth, even Hell, with a door. There were entrances and exits to every place, and he always walked through them with certainty. Something was wrong with the door to Purgatory. He wasn’t supposed to be there, and neither were his wings. The most heavenly part of him was now the most hellish.
“I will. I will now, okay?” Dean stood and picked up the receiver. He stalled for a moment, seemingly in thought. Cas felt a wave of Dean’s internal struggle rush through him. Suddenly, he understood. He felt this need to protect Cas: out of love, out of fear… Both kept Dean’s hand poised over the buttons instead of dialing them.
Dean stayed awake while Cas slept so he could listen for Sam’s arrival. He made use of his time by reading the dining guide he found in the dresser, glancing at Cas occasionally to occupy his mind.
“It’s my birthday. I don’t have to listen to monologuing.” Dean said as he focused his attention on Cas. He knelt by the chair and started to untie his legs. God, he looked awful.
“Uh, yeah. They’re down that hallway I think.” Dean pointed to an outcropping near the front of the casino. “I’ll be here, angel.” Cas nodded, turning to walk towards the restroom.
Cas, on the other hand, felt everything. He felt too much. Angel radio had no signal in Purgatory, but Dean’s Humanity rang louder than anything else. Cas was sure that he could hear Dean louder than any creature in the place.
Cas awoke to a dark room, once again alone in bed. He tried to lift his head to look for Dean, but a sharp pain ran down his spine before he could bend any further. It wasn’t overly painful, but it surprised him enough to fully jolt him awake. The real pain was spread over his whole body, sore and weakening. He felt glued to the bed, barely able to move. He overheard the hum of running water from the ajar bathroom door, and Cas caught a glimpse of Dean splashing the water on his face.
“Um, neutral news,” Dean said. Cas detected his true feelings. He didn’t like whatever option he had chosen, but he knew it was the only one. “Gabriel is going to come check you out and see if he can fix whatever’s up with you,” Dean said as gently as possible.
“I went to cash out at the ATM earlier, we’ve got all the credit card money we could ask for. Plus, there’s a restaurant there.” Dean walked over to the center table and opened the drawer. He pulled out three stacks of money and tossed two to Cas and Sam. They were at least a couple inches thick, all twenties. “Hope I can get a good steak tonight.”
However, Dean was still worried about Cas’ wings. The ends dragged on the ground on uneven terrain, and Cas seldom lifted them. Dean had no idea if it was easier to travel this way or if Cas wasn’t moving them because of some kind of pain. The feathers were growing back fuller now and they were still damaged, but to Dean, they were effortlessly beautiful.
“No thank you. Hey, did you see a restroom on the way in?” Cas said, his eyes floating around the room. They landed on their waiter from earlier, who was watching them from behind the bar. Cas thought it was strange that he wasn’t in the restaurant section of the casino anymore.
to make him feel better. It was so hard to see Cas in this subtle pain. His muscles looked tense and his expression was knotted. Dean knew he was hiding part of it for him.
After breakfast, Dean decided to go back to his bedroom. Cas joined him, and they laid in silence for a few minutes.
Though he feared for his life, Cas nodded. His hesitation erased itself as Dean pulled him in. The portal shut behind them, and for a moment, there was nothing.
“No. That feels better, actually. Relaxing,” Cas said, his tone of voice betraying his actual words. “You can… you can start pulling now.”
Once again, Cas felt the longing. That void that laid in Dean’s heart when he was gone appeared in his Humanity again, and Cas felt every shred in his failing body.
In the near silence of the night, Dean felt something inside him stir. An untouched place in his heart churned and his ears rang with a voice he hadn’t heard in a long time. There were no words, just a gentle, high-pitched ringing accompanied by vehement sensation of yearning in his chest. There was a small tinge of physical pain that didn’t come from Dean’s own muscles.
“I’m not talking about your wings. I’m talking about you. And even if you’re hurt, I don’t care what you look like. You will always be beautiful to me.” Dean felt like he was on his deathbed, making his final confessions. Besides taking care of the people he loved, wordlessly, he didn’t do much of the touchy-feely stuff. “But really, are you holding up okay?”
An hour and a half later, a knock came at the door. Dean leapt out of bed. He unlocked the door and opened it wide, and there was Sam, holding a bag of fast food. Dean pulled him into a hug immediately. He didn’t say a word, and neither did Sam until they pulled away.
They burst through the tree line to reveal the portal, nestled between rocks on the side of a hill. The base of the slope was guarded by four more Leviathans, and they were headed straight towards them.
As Cas held a hand over one ear, Dean led him to a small outcropping in the trees to serve as temporary shelter. The two sat on the ground for a while in silence. Dean watched Cas as he listened, his eyes searching beneath his eyelids.
“Cas?” Dean asked softly, not wanting to wake Cas if he was already sleeping. He snoozed peacefully and seemed to be free of any pain for the moment. Dean smiled at the sleeping angel and went straight to work.
Dean felt this strange sense of fulfillment, staring across the water. He felt like Cas was close. He let himself sit by the lake for a while for a midday rest.
“I didn’t know what to grab from your room, so I just grabbed my own clothes. I hope that’s okay,” Dean said, handing the stack of clothes to Cas.
Once he was done with Cas’ arm, he pressed the washcloth to his chest. Cas winced. Dean placed his other hand on Cas’ thigh for a moment to steady his mind. Aside from the large cut from his collarbone to just above his pectorals, his chest was littered with scrapes and bruises. Once he was done cleaning the blood from Cas’ chest, Dean started threading a sewing needle that Sam had brought in with dental floss. Dean poured whiskey onto a cotton pad and pressed it to the cut. All Cas did was inhale and shut his eyes.
“I’m glad. I’ll be okay. I just need some time to rest,” Cas said in the middle of a bite of ramen. “I never gave you your birthday present!” Cas shot up, handing his ramen to Dean.
Cas unfolded one of the hands around his stomach and reached out to Dean. “Please, stay. I’m sorry, Dean.”
“I’m going to go make us something to eat,” Cas said quietly, shifting out of Dean’s arms slowly, not wanting to disturb him in case he still wanted to rest. Dean followed him to the kitchen and snuck up behind Cas, who was looking through the fridge.
” he tried, somewhat exhausted from being awake. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s wrong with me… I seem to have undergone severe physical trauma.”
Dean was full of energy from the shot of Grace to his leg, and he used that energy to worry, internally and externally, about Cas. When Cas strayed too far ahead or behind, he rushed or slowed to match his pace, uncertain about the angel’s condition. They travelled silently through Purgatory as the trees slowly grew denser.
After another short moment, Dean started dialing. Cas audibly sighed in relief and Dean glanced at him nervously. Cas heard the dial tone over the receiver as Dean anxiously tapped his finger against the bedside table.
Dean stumbled forward as he was pulled out of danger, falling to his knees as soon as Cas let go of his hand. Cas collapsed next to him and Dean rolled on to his back to look at the sky.
Part of Cas wanted to pipe up and say ‘I’m sitting right here, Dean’, but he held his tongue. Dean was trying to do what was best, which means he would end up doing what he thought was right. Most of the time, this was a good system, but sometimes it failed terribly. It was on it’s way there. Cas reached out a cold hand to touch Dean’s forearm.
Dean was afraid for Cas. He had run at the first sign of trouble, leaving Dean alone. He was angry, and bitter, and absolutely confounded. Sure, Dean could manage a few Leviathans, but what if Cas couldn’t?
“No, no, Cas, come on! I don’t blame you. You weren’t in your right mind, and I know that.” Dean shook his head, hesitantly looking at the portal.. We don’t have time to argue, we have to go!”
omega in heat), so he hastened to give him what he was longing for. The mere contact of Dean’s hands on Cas’ dick was enough to have him panting and squirming. Cas rolled his hips in and out of the sensitivity, frantically unsure of how to proceed. The sensation was almost too much to bear, especially for his first time in heat, and Dean’s usual, practiced motions were sending him into a frenzy.
“Yeah,” he said sitting beside Cas on the bed, “I get that, but the way I figure, I needed to put you as close to me as I could at the time. So that’s how I justified it.”
Dean, unable to resist Cas’s innocent expression, placed a gentle, yet smoldering kiss against his lips, “Yeah, Sunshine. I am if you want to join me.”
After a few minutes, Tessa had her hand on Dean’s thigh and was rubbing dangerously close to his groin. He looked back over his shoulder reflexively and Cas was gone. His heart sank for a moment and he suddenly felt nauseated. He pressed his fingers to the bridge of his nose, but the room had started spinning a bit.
Dean looked up at the bunker ceiling, his mouth pukering, eyes squinting as he looked for the right answer. Half of him thought, how the fuck should I know, but the other half wanted to say the right thing.
This is a short chapter, but I am going to be posting more as I am finally finishing this Fic. Claire and Kaia will be around for a few more though because I love them.
Dean was watching Cas, his eyes were flickering like he was going through a checklist in his head. Finally, he had to interrupt, “What are you thinking so hard about Cas?”
They had not spoken about it since, but Cas had kept his distance after that day. Hoping that Dean would eventually find a way to feel comfortable around him again. Right now, Cas could not feel sympathy for his friend, he only felt anger. It rushed through him more viciously than he thought was possible toward Dean. His vessel thrummed with it.
Dean blushed furiously and turned to face the wall, he undressed as quickly as possible and put on his pants and shirt in record time. When he turned back around Cas was sitting in the little chair by the dresser, his eyes on the floor. Dean wondered if he had picked up on his sudden need for modesty, and felt his cheeks burning again. He did not know how things between he and Cas would now feel now: would everything feel new or were some things unchangeable? Either way, it annoyed him.
Cas smirked at the irony, “I am an instrument of heaven Dean, I doubt I share any similarities to hell. However, I suppose you are asking if I am upset about something. I am fine.”
Finally, I got the impression he wanted to ask me something by the way he kept opening and closing his mouth like a guppy.
Dean looked at the clock, there was still another five minutes before they had to leave. He wondered if he should just go knock on Sam’s door, but then Cas looked up at him, and he suddenly wished they had a bit more time. His talk with Sam had been uncomfortable, but it had been a blessing that Dean did not know he wanted but somehow truly needed. He thought about the quick, sloppy, drunken kiss he had given Cas the night before and felt his cheeks go hot again. He felt even more annoyed, blushing was not something men in their forties should do.
“How do you know if you have chemistry?” Jack asked, just as Dean was about to get up and see what was in the fridge.
Dean saw Cas’s face fall for just a moment when he did not answer right quickly, so he quickly speared three more noodles and popped them into this mouth. Exaggerated yummy noises spilled from Dean and Cas looked on with delight at the hunters clear appreciation.
It had been a week and I was hiding in my room, reading something Sam had given me when I heard a knock on the door.
The next morning when Cas went to make his tea he found a cup already sitting on the counter with a tea bag in it, and the kettle already turned on. Dean was sitting at the table nursing a large mug of coffee, his eyes still puffy with sleep. He smiled at Cas over his cup and the way his lips curved sent Cas’s heart into some sort of stuttered rhythm. He poured hot water into his cup and sat across from Dean, staring at the tea bag as it floated listlessly in the steaming water.
“Cas,” he said finally, “Come inside. I will try and explain… I will. But I need to either get a lot more drunk, or sober up a bit first. Capisce?”
He was interrupted by a buzzing sound, and before Dean had time to react to Sam’s concerns, Sam was picking up his phone and walking out of the kitchen.
“A fucking Uber?” Dean yelled at Sam’s back, before quickly downing his bourbon and shaking the glass toward his waitress with a smirk.
That is when Sam came running in, breathless, “What…” he began but stopped when he saw Dean, the ultimate pillar of strength hunched over the Cas, gripping the angel so hard it would have left marks on mortal skin.
Before Cas had a chance to answer he brunette was placing her hand on Dean’s shoulder, demanding his attention.
Dean took a step toward Cas as well, forcing himself to stay steady as the waves of his own drunkenness washed over him, “What the hell, Cas. What is your problem.”
“Why would anyone hold back from you, Dean?” Cas asked, and once again Dean was hit by his utter innocence and sincerity.
“I made a deal,” I started how I meant to go on, there was no point in drawing it out, “when Jack died, the empty wanted him, I made a deal they would take me instead. They agreed, but… well the empty holds a grudge and so it told me it would wait to take me only when...only when I’m truly happy.”
Cas’s expression went from confusion, to acceptance, to joy, to dread in only a few moments. He finally looked at Sam, panic in his eyes.
Cas understood, “I see. Sexual orientation is a repressive standard which requires humans to choose between genders and declare a preference. I just assumed you did not live by that standard, you tend to rebel against rules.”
There was a silence that stretched out between them, but there was no discomfort in it. Even though they had wasted time, both of them realized that they had been careening toward this conclusion for years. When Cas finally looked up, Dean was looking back, his green eyes piercing and totally open. There was a heat building in that look which caused the hairs on Dean’s neck to rise. Tension flowed in either direction, ready to be tested with a movement or a single indication of accent.
Dean stopped short when he entered the kitchen. Cas had his back to him. Setting something down on the table. Across the kitchen it looked like a bomb had gone off. There was water still boiling in an otherwise empty pot, cans spilling slimy liquid onto the counter, and red sauce drying on top of the stove. Cas heard Dean sigh and turned around. Dean no longer noticed the kitchen. Cas was wearing a black t-shirt and snug cuffed jeans. Dean’s cheeks turned to flames when he realized they were his clothes, and damn if he did not love the idea of Cas in his clothes.
It was another ten minutes before Dean entered the cave again. Cas’s eyes shot toward him like magnets as soon as he passed the threshold, and Dean sensed the worry in them. So, he took a deep breath before walking and taking a seat in the chair next to Cas, the same chair he had avoided when the first entered the room. As soon as he sat down he sighed, taking Cas’s hand. Then without warning the angel, he covered his mouth with a kiss, it did not burn but it simmered and Dean knew that Cas was slowly melting under his touch. When he pulled away he could feel four sets of eyes on him and he distinctly heard a little “aww” slip from Kaia, but he did not look at any of them. Instead, he pressed himself further down in his chair and watched the movie.
“Cas, go to my room and grab sweatpants and a t-shirt from my hamper on the desk. Put them on, and meet me in the cave,” he took a bite of bacon and mocked, “If we are going to hang out, I refuse to let you look like the holy accountant all day.”
“Hey,” he said, not quite meeting Cas’s eyes, “you mind if we just bunk separately tonight? I really need some sleep.”
He waited a moment until Dean’s face seemed to turn back to its normal tanned-honey color before speaking again, “I am sorry, you know. I don’t mean to annoy you, I guess I’m just not a very good human, yet.”
“Yeah,” Sam laughed again, “he does that, but… you’ll find that most guys who go out of their way to brag are usually compensating for something.”
By midnight, Dean was driving them back to the motel. After the rest he had gotten the night before and the adrenaline from the fight, he already felt like a live wire, but it was compounded by the fact that he knew he would be alone with Cas again soon. He tried not to look into the rearview on the drive home, only glancing every few minutes always finding blue eyes on him. About half way back, Sam fell asleep against the passenger seat, and Dean smiled at his baby brother like he was just a kid. Albeit, a kid with a receding hairline and greys in his stubble.
There was something in Dean’s expression in that moment that puzzled Cas. He knew all Dean’s looks, he could draw studies of all the masks Dean wore, all the true faces he sometimes showed, but there was something desperate in his eyes now. It startled the angel. He had fought in wars and seen the depths of hell, but here he was startled by Dean Winchester.
Dean decided not to let himself think, he did not allow himself a moment to doubt, he just tried to say what was on his mind.
There was an open venerability in Cas’s expression that made Dean’s heart begin to pound. He knew that this angel was in love with him, but what he did not know was how he could ever manage to deserve that love.
“Please, do not apologize. I know that you wanted to give me some sort of comfort. That is not necessary, we can forget it.”
Cas understood quantum mechanics. He knew how to speak every language, and he understood the foibles of heaven and hell, but this was baffling.
As I spoke I watched as Dean processed my words, his eyes became clouded with tears and I knew that given the chance he would brush me off or ask me to stop, so I did not. I kept going.
After a few moments, Cas was presentable and Dean said, “yeah, that’ll do it,” before heading out of his room to meet Sam and Eileen.
Sam and Jack were padding toward the map room, their eyelids still heavy with sleep when I opened the door to Dean’s room. I knew better than to wake him roughly, so I waded quietly to his bedside and placed a hand gently on his shoulder, nudging a little and whispering his name.
“Hmm… I don’t think I would like to continue to have sex with women,” he said, his stomach twisting.
At around noon there was a soft knock on the door, Dean stirred but did not wake, and Cas went to open it. It was Sam, and Cas registered the look of confusion that covered his face to see the angel come from around the door, softly shutting it behind him.
Dean looked at his feet and rubbed the back of his neck, “It’s fine, it's cool man. Listen, I have groceries in the car.”
“So are you really fine?” Dean asked looking back over at the brunette, “or you taking a page out of my book?”
Dean knew he was not making any sense, but the combination of the alcohol and the events of the day were beginning to catch up to him. He felt like he was on shaky ground, like he would be trampled if did not gird himself against the onslaught of feeling that was barreling toward him.
He held out a hand and I took it, letting him pull me to my feet. Then, he wrapped his arms around me, and I felt like a feather, “Castiel, you are my father, and I know you are afraid, but I understand now. I see all things, and I am not overwhelmed. I see the paradise that you and my mother dreamed of. I can do this, because I am your son.”
“No,” Cas answered, “but I don’t think I understand the connection. Dean is always bragging about his sexual encounters.”
Dean spent the next hour trying, and failing, to fall asleep. His stomach was rolling like he was on a rickety boat, and he felt waves of nausea flowing over him. Finally, he sat up, turning on the lamp on his nightstand. He pulled out his phone, opened a private tab and typed into his search bar the question that had been rolling around in his mind for the last several days. ‘Am I gay?’
Cas looked at Dean inquisitively, like he was trying to parse the true meaning of his words. Dean got lost for a moment in that look, the way that Cas’s eyes always seems to hold his captive and finally Cas took a deep breath and looked back down at his drink.
He knew the lists were fairly inane, but it kept him occupied when he was trying to fall asleep at night. That was when he tried very hard not to think about heaven. Other times, he thought of Dean, he would make lists of all the qualities he liked about him and what he hoped to emulate now that he was human. Those lists were endless, but sometimes pointless as Cas could not change the color of his eyes, his jawline, or the sound of his own voice. He would settle for learning what he could from Dean instead, as he knew he would be a good teacher.
“So,” she took step back, leaning against the counter once again, “if this is about being gay for Cas, then I think it’s great, and its about time, and stop being a chicken shit.”
“I bought you a pie,” Cas stood up suddenly bringing the pie pan and a fork over and setting it in front of Dean.
He pushed Cas away gently and started to turn toward the bunker, this time it was Cas who grabbed him.
The bunker was silent. It would have been peaceful if the silence was not wrought with so much tension. Today might be the day that Chuck decides to destroy this, the final universe of his making.
“Of course, I mean, of course we are friends… but we are more than that, Cas. I dunno what the right thing is and it’s cheesy and human but this is what you do when you feel...like this,” Dean took a stuttering breath, while stepping forward and catching the angel’s blue eyes, “then we can figure out what this is.”
Sam did a perimeter check while Dean and Cas disposed of the bodies. It was a quick job, and the woods were quiet but they did not speak. The girl they buried looked like she could not be more than twenty and Dean wondered where her family thought she was. That was part of the job, gank or get ganked, but it did not make it any easier. Dean was glad there were less hunts, and less fights these days. He felt his age, he felt the aches and pains, but mostly he felt the unbearable weight of the job that he had been doing his whole life.
Dean looked at the separate keys, “Whoa, hold on there Rockefeller, since when do we do separate rooms? We aren’t exactly flush.”
For the second time in two days Dean felt tears at the back of his throat. They were choking him, and a few had already begun to fall, unrestrained. He wanted to hit Cas, he could not help it: he wanted to shove him or punch him, or stab at him. He was saying things out loud that Dean had spent almost thirty years careful and purposefully not saying. The back of his t-shirt became slick with sweat, and he felt he might be sick. Cas had seen all of it, he had seen the worst. It was a memory that he buried so thoroughly that it never surfaced, and if it did he smashed it back down with any vice he could find. It had been when Sammy left, when he walked away the second time, and even Cas was not there for him. He found himself in a little dinky bar outside Omaha, and he was pounding back drinks so quickly that the edges of the room were going black. Then there was a man, he was probably ten years older than Dean, but still good looking, and he was staring him down like fresh fries under a heat lamp. Dean knew the look, and though he tried to look away, the alcohol decided differently. The bar was dark, but there were plenty of patrons. No one noticed when the drunk young hunter tilted himself forward off his bar stool and did his best sober impression walking toward the older man. Dean could not remember if they had spoken, or if they just found their way to the bathroom, even now his memory was blurry. The next thing he remembered was the man on his knees and Dean thrusting into his mouth. It was quick and desperate, but when Dean had finished the man kissed him, that was his mistake. That was when Dean hit him. It was only once but very hard, causing the man to double over against the wall of the bathroom. He had fled, not looking back, and buried the memory so deep that it lived in a dark place with images of hell. That night he had driven the impala, still drunk, onto the lot of a dark abandoned warehouse a few blocks from the bar to sleep it off. When he woke he told himself it was a bad dream, ignoring the fact that his jeans were still undone and that his knuckles were freshly bruised.
Cas, overwhelmed by a very human impulse, took a step toward Dean so that their chests were nearly touching but not quite, “Dean, It is not important to me. You have  talked to me,let me comfort you, and you have let me be a friend to you. You have shown me inside your mind. You have given me so much when I know how difficult it is for you. I don’t need anything more from you, I am very happy just to be with you.”
Cas could imagine Dean’s response to being looked after, especially with Sam around, and it would not be desirable.
“Oh,” was the only reply that Dean could manage as a blush crept up his neck and covered his cheeks like a rash. “Well that’s cool with me man,” he said, finally.
Dean pressed his lips to Cas’s hair and pictured the life that he imagined with him. Letting that fuel him, he laid his cheek against the angel’s head, “Hey Sunshine, you know I love you, too, right?”
As I turned to go Dean caught me by the wrist. He looked so bewildered that it cracked my heart open yet again, “thank you.”
When he woke up, he could hear Cas softly breathing beside him. It was a rush that he was not sure he would ever get used to, and he bit down the urge to feel strange about it. At some point in the night, Cas had turned over, and Dean was now staring at the back of his neck. He wondered to himself how just the back of someone’s neck could be so inviting as he fought the urge to nuzzle against it. For a man in his forties, Dean still had excellent blood flow and he felt it rush south so he took a few deep breaths. He hated feeling like an amped up teenager, but there was something about waking up next to Cas, that was so new and exciting that his skin ached to press against him. He thought about the article he had read the night before, and he imagined what it would be like to wake up like this for the rest of his life. In the darkness of the bunker, with only the dim light of the wall plug in shining in the far corner, Dean let himself imagine it.
Cas considered this, and while he had enjoyed the sex act he had no real inclination to repeat it under the same circumstances. The attraction he had felt for April was real, but it was born out of desperation, born out of a need to be touched. He had wanted to be touched as an angel as well, but because he could see into the souls of those he cared about, that often sufficed. It was like touching, intimate and comforting. April had initiated sex, and Castiel had been very willing to enjoy that human experience, it was educational and enjoyable, and he learned a great deal with her. However, since that encounter he had not found himself thinking of the incident other than the fleeting desire for release, and he quickly realized he could accomplish that without a partner. When he really stopped to consider it, felt much more attracted to Dean than he had to April, and in that moment he imagined if it had been Dean who touched him…
Dean grimaced as he continued to read, he felt torn in two. On the one hand he understood the scepticism of this man’s friends, because it was how his father had thought, it was how he had thought too. He had told himself that if he found men hot, that was fine, but why choose that when women were an option. However, that was before he had fallen in love with a man, that changed his perspective completely. It was why he had stopped the one night stands, and it was why his heart began to pound erratically when he thought about being with Cas in the hotel the night before.
That was when he saw her, the cute brunette at the end of the bar. Her eyes had that same glassy look as his own and they were fixed on Dean, her lips crooked in a delicious smile. He tilted his head in a nod of acknowledgement, before looking back down at his empty glass. Cas was still sitting beside him, drinking quietly even though the alcohol barely affected him, and when Dean looked over at him he was staring into his glass as if he were counting each molecule.
Dean opened the door slowly. He peeked his head out from behind the door, and Cas disappeared into his pile of blankets and pillows. Several of Dean’s shirts were interspersed within the pile.
“Being away from you… it was hurting me,” Cas admitted. Dean’s Humanity marked Cas as much as Cas had marked him, ever since he pulled him out of the Pit. Somehow, Dean understood that. “I need you here.” Cas bit his lip and inhaled sharply to stop his tears. He leaned up from Dean’s chest and looked him straight in the eyes. “Will you help me, Dean?”
“I’m not angry,” Dean whispered, matching Cas’ volume with strength. “You were just trying to help me understand.” Cas nodded. “You know I can take it, right? I’m Dean Fucking Winchester.”
As the sun fell behind the trees, Dean came upon a place to stay for the night. There was a brook by a large tree with winding roots that would hide him from most danger. He shrugged at the uneven ground and tossed his belongings near the tree’s base. Dean dipped his hands into the water and splashed it onto his face. Tranquility was scarce, but he let himself feel it, even if it was just for a moment.
Cas nodded. “I’m already starting to feel a little better, and the bones feel like they’re setting themselves back into place. The pain is less sharp; only the muscles are straining.” Cas gast his glance towards his left wing and stretched it out, scrunching up his nose as he did so. The tip of it blocked the sun and soft rays shone through the feathers, making them glow more than they already did. Dean nearly lost his mind.
“Sure thing,” Sam said, following Dean out the door as he carried a half-asleep Cas to the Impala. Dean laid him across the backseat, and he was out like a light before they even started moving.
A bed-headed Dean walked through the door, rubbing his sleepy eyes. He froze in the doorway, staring wide-eyed at his boyfriend and his brother.
On the sixth day of travel, Dean and Cas were resting as the mid-morning sun reached its highest peak through the trees, catching Cas’ feathers in the light. “Hey, look at that, babe,” Dean said, touching the end of Cas’ wing gently.  “Your feathers are starting to grow back.”
“-don’t know how this happened so fast…” Dean swiveled around to face the bed. There was a sudden spike in his scent, like the aftertaste of alcohol. “Fuck, Cas, I don’t… I don’t know what to do. There’s this instinct in me- to help you. But I don’t know how far it’s gonna take me.”
Dean and Castiel laid there for nearly an hour, not sleeping, just resting in silence together. Around lunchtime, Cas started to get fidgety.
His eyes fluttered, squandered of all energy. Cas sighed out a soft, barely coherent word of thanks as he drifted into unconsciousness. Dean pulled out and held up Cas’ head in his hand. “Cas? Fuck, um, I’ll be right back.”
The shifter with the blade swung at Dean’s leg from his place on the ground, slicing through the skin of his shin. Dean grunted in pain, but still managed to chop the axe-head of his blade down on the throat of the shifter.
There was silence for a moment. Sam furrowed his brow as he thought, and Dean stared out the window and tried to let his mind go blank.
“He said something about his soul… how could he not have heard Crowley was dead?” Sam said, still as shocked as Dean.
Dean fervently denied his helplessness. He kept his beard trimmed and his weapon sharp. He tried not to feel so stuck. Self preservation was the most important thing. Dean watched his back, but he watched himself even more.
Angels never presented secondary genders, barely even primary ones, and mating cycles were unheard of for celestial beings. The moment Cas started developing…
“Hey, hey, it’s alright, baby,” Dean said softly, but quickly. “We’re almost home. I’m gonna help you, okay?”
Dean wasn’t going to ask twice. That was all he needed to start spilling into Cas. At the peak of his orgasm, Cas’ eyes began glowing blue, adding to the energy of his pleasure. “Castiel!” he growled as he felt the angel’s grace rush through him. His vision went blurry, and all he felt for several moments was purely
“We’ve had sex before, Dean,” Cas said with an inviting wriggle of his hips. “Please. Please help me,” he breathed. There was a hint of vehemence in his voice- a held back, passionate plea. So Dean nodded, and started moving.
They didn’t have any other clothes to change into, so Dean wrapped Cas in a dry towel and laid him in bed, making sure Cas was warm enough while Dean washed their clothes. He ran all of their articles of clothing under warm water and got out as much of the dirt and blood as he could. He hung the clothes across the bar of the shower curtain, wrapped himself in a towel, and went back to check on Cas.
“Cas, please-!” Dean protested, but Cas shut him up with another collision of their lips, chasing the high of Dean’s Humanity protecting him. Dean’s own anxiety was uncomfortable, but now he understood Cas’ pain, and he was almost glad to take it from Cas. Cas snaked a hand around Dean’s neck, pulling him in, begging him to stay.
Cas nodded. “Just sensitive,” he blurted. Dean couldn’t see his face, but he saw Cas’ jaw shut tight, embarrassed at his own forwardness.
It was Dean; Cas could smell him through the door. His heart jumped and everything inside of him wanted,
Sam followed Dean over to where Cas was lying on the bed. Dean gently shook him awake. “Hey, baby. Sam’s here. He brought food. Do you want some?”
Looking around and trying to regain his bearings, Dean realized he was in an alleyway. It was covered in bright graffiti, the dimming sunlight casting shadows upon the corners of the bricks. Cas was lying under where the portal closed, unmoving.
Armed with only hidden angel blades and their brains, Sam and Dean scrambled for a plan. Dean was in too much of a panic to stop and think, so without any words, they decided to wing it.
“Hey, don’t hide. Look at yourself, baby…” Dean said, coaxing Cas’ to check out his own wings. They weren’t perfect, but they sure as hell looked better than they did back in Purgatory.
When the pleasure died down and his headspace became clearer, Dean pushed Cas backwards. As soon as Cas’ head hit the pillow, Dean was pounding into him like there was no tomorrow, fighting his own overstimulation.
Cas was keeping a fairly good pace himself. He seemed to be healing nicely and Dean could tell he was very happy to have his company. Whenever there were sudden noises or he was afraid, Cas instinctively walked closer to Dean.
Dean sat Cas down on the edge of the counter and started running some water. He took off Cas’ tie, suit jacket, and ripped shirt, discarding them onto the floor. Cas took off his shoes and socks, followed by his dress pants. He took a washcloth and pressed it to Cas’ face. The blood there was dried, and the cut was fairly shallow.
Cas felt a fist collide with his stomach, hard. He could barely keel over in pain due to his restraints, so he let out a breathless shout instead. The demon grabbed Cas’ hair and yanked his face backwards, forcing Cas to make eye contact with him.
As soon as he was able, Cas’ arms were around Dean, and they were locked in an embrace. Their lips met in a series of rough kisses as Cas’ fingers wove through Dean’s hair and Dean’s hands worked their way down Cas’ body.
“C’mon, Cas, please,” Dean said softly. “I won’t do anything you don’t want. I just… I need you to come with me.”
“Cas, honey, will you look at me?” Dean asked softly, just loud enough for Cas to hear him. “I need to see you.”
“Well, it’s my birthday, isn’t it? I’ve got big plans today. I haven’t had a free birthday in years!” Dean said, sitting down to the table.
Dean’s eyes lit up when he saw Cas. “Damn, Casanova,” he said, looking him up and down. For once, Cas didn’t feel sized-up or embarrassed. He felt loved and confident. And besides, that kind of compliment meant a lot coming from the absolutely smoking Dean, who was dressed in an all black suit. Dean kissed him right on the lips in front of Sam. Sam rolled his eyes sarcastically and Cas smiled at him.
They continued down the road in silence, and Dean took some time to himself. He leaned his head against Baby’s window and rested anxiously until they got to the bunker. Sam parked the car in the garage and Dean lifted Cas out of the car. Home sweet home.
became incoherant was the moment Dean knew the Sickness had reach Cas’ core. He alternated between letting punched-out gasps leave his throat as he stared at Dean in half-lidded pleasure and rolling his head backwards, mouth agape, dripping lewd moans. Either way, he was a tempest.
His head spinning, Dean rushed to his side, turning Cas so that his back was flat on the ground. He squinted and placed his fingers to Cas’ neck, exhaling in relief when he felt a pulse.
“I got you, Cas, you’re gonna be alright,” Dean postulated, two fingers nudging hastily at Cas’ entrance. Cas keened in a mix of protest and anticipation, unsure of his level of control over his body. Dean hushed him, a hurried but careful hand sweeping over Cas’ stomach as two of his fingers pressed in.
“-Cum inside me,” Cas stated breathlessly, his eyes shut in concentration. “Please.” He seemed almost embarrassed.
“It’s… It’s very complicated.” Cas sighed, almost panicked. His cheeks were flushed. Dean couldn’t tell if it was embarrassment or heat. It didn’t seem overly warm to him; in fact, the room was on the colder side.
At this moment, Dean remembered they were out in the open. “If we go somewhere safer can you keep listening?” Cas nodded, still absorbed in his task.
Cas gritted his teeth. “Harder. It’s alright.” Dean reached his other hand around to Cas’ lap and Cas took his hand. He felt like a child, but he stopped caring when Dean did pull harder, ripping the feather out of its root. It didn’t feel comfortable, but at least it didn’t feel worse than when he had to pull them out by himself.
“Oh, sorry Cas,” Dean said, redirecting his attention from the computer to Cas. He seemed a bit disheveled. “What’s going on?”
“I’ve dealt with the same thing. Sometimes I don’t want you to see me when I’ve got a lot of bruises or when I’m hurt… I don’t want to make you worried or upset.” Dean pressed his mouth into a thin line. “Feeling better?” Dean asked. Cas nodded. He was grateful Dean felt the same way. To avoid a moment that was too sappy, Cas changed the subject.
When he finally came back to the waking world, Dean was lying next to him, awake and waiting for Cas to stir.
Dean didn’t answer for a moment. Cas had thin lines of tears tracking down his face; he looked utterly defeated. Yes, it hurt to switch pain with Cas, but now he understood. If there was no automatic way to feel the constant connection with Cas from his end, Dean was going to try to connect manually.
Cas screwed his eyes shut, attempting to distract himself from the pull of emotion. He resolved to use his depleting Grace to get Dean out of there. In and out, Cas thought. Just a quick teleportation. There and back.
He climbed into the shower, scrubbing at his skin. It took Cas awhile to understand how bruises worked, and it was at this moment he missed his healing powers. If he was still an angel, he could dull his pain. Maybe then Dean wouldn’t worry so much. Cas was new to being human, but he was always able to see Dean’s pity. He would be an idiot to ignore it.
Cas faced his final Leviathan, breathing heavy as he tried to muster the energy to kill it. He raised his arm, expecting Grace to flow through it, but he only felt a weak pulse. The last Leviathan wrestled Cas to the ground and opened it’s jaws. Cas landed wrong on his right wing, and he felt the muscles at the point of impact tense as the rugged terrain pulled out a group of feathers. He shrieked and attempted to reorient himself. Hearing his cry, Dean threw himself onto the Levithan, knocking it off of Cas to promptly cut off its head.
Cas swayed on his feet. He was barely standing on his own; Dean was the one holding him up for the most part. “This is pointless, Dean,” he sighed, fatigued. Dean guided him back down to bed.
Dean chuckled and took Cas’ hand. “It’s under the weather, Cas. As long as we can get out of here with you safe, I don’t care how long it takes. And if you get hurt again, I promise I’ll be there. And you know a Winchester promise ain’t for nothing.”
“My, uh… Were you aware that angels went into heat?” Cas blurted out, short of breath from the embarrassment, not to mention the coursing need within his body. Dean stopped moving. “I’m sorry… with my grace I could stop it from coming on so I wouldn’t trouble you... it’s just… I suppose with my depleted grace I couldn’t prevent-”
The sound of the Leviathans chasing after him and Cas made Dean run faster than he thought he could. Twigs from bushes and trees along the path scratched at their ankles and arms as the Leviathans grew closer. Cas kept pace beside him, though he looked weaker than he had a few moments ago.
“No, no, it’s all good. What’s got you all worked up?” Dean asked, stroking Cas’ hair as he waited for a response. Cas’ breath hitched.
The sight of Cas and the sleepy (yet desperate) movements of his hips did a number on Dean’s ability to control himself. “Fuck, Cas, I’m close-”
“It knows we’re here to escape! We have to hurry!” Cas said hoarsely. Dean nodded, understanding quickly. He cast a concerned glance in Cas’ direction, momentarily concerned at his condition.
“Well, uh, you got it, angel,” Dean said, trying not to sound as taken aback as he was. “Oh, wait, did you want to let your wings out?”
Dean ran some warm water in the shower for Cas and handed him a towel. “I’m gonna go find you some clothes and something to eat. Will you be okay on your own?” Dean asked, furrowing his brow. He didn’t want to leave Cas alone, but cared about making sure he felt safe and got everything he needed.
“I’m certain of it,” Cas said, nodding firmly. “I’m prepared to go through this time, and I have you with me.”
“He’s going to need stitches, at least for his chest,” Dean said. He could tell Cas was still breathing; Dean was certain he’d live. “What the fuck did he want with Crowley anyways?” Dean spat, seething.
“It’s dangerous for you too,” Cas said, starting to walk past Dean. “Besides, I’ve got some of my energy back.”
The moon rose above the trees and cast a faint silver glow across the water. This was Cas’ favorite time of night. It was the limbo between daylight’s last breath and the inhale of the moon upon its awakening. For a few minutes, there was peace across the land. Monsters grew lazy and Leviathans grew confused at the subtle drowsinesses of the day.
“I was just thinking about the moon. And when you told me you thought it was beautiful. You said that you could see it better on Earth than you could from Heaven…”
He decided not to swim across the whole lake, but instead take a hard left to the shore and run around the lake to confuse them. Dean hoisted himself out of the water and watched the Leviathans follow him on the water for a moment to judge their speed. He gripped his blade tighter and bolted.
Their lips connected, and Dean felt the same thing he had when Cas sent out a bit of his Grace to him. Here he was, giving yet another piece of himself to Dean. Dean almost wanted to chastise Cas for wasting a part of his Grace on him, but Dean understood how important this was for him. He always gave so much. His loyalty was the most beautiful quality he possessed.
“I’m not completely sure. We got separated right after we got to Purgatory and I couldn’t find him.”
“I’m not completely sure, but I’m guessing it’s about eight days that way.” Dean pointed to the northwest. Cas’ shoulder’s sunk slightly. “What is it?”
His Humanity wrapped itself around Cas, and he was certain he was safe. Dean had always promised to protect him. Cas was sure that this wasn’t a conscious decision, but it was in Dean’s very nature to keep him safe. He loved him so much that it was embedded into his metaphysical behavior. Cas closed his eyes and saw the same blackness as he did when they were open, but it was one he chose. It was one with Dean.
When Dean entered the motel, Cas in his arms, the young woman behind the front desk looked up to assist them. A surprised look crossed her face, and Dean remembered that both of them were caked in dirt and blood.
“I’m right here, baby. I’m almost done. Just a few more by your back and I’ll be done, okay?” Cas nodded swiftly. He just wanted to get it over with.
So, as the sun rose the next morning, Cas gathered his weapons and stood, waiting for the first wave of bad that would come his way. Maybe after a few Leviathans, Dean would be there. Maybe it would be weeks… it didn’t matter. Dean was on his way. When he wasn’t stabbing, or punching, or running, Cas let himself feel the excitement.
Dean hushed Cas softly, attempting to quell his hysteria, then grazed the area where the base of his wings fused with his skin in a gentle gradient. Cas wailed, letting that desperate cry release all his pent up energy. He threw his head back, grinding down on Dean's cock with the force of the pleasure. It was almost too much for him to take, but Cas was nearing the edge and welcomed the overstimulation.
Nearly all his feathers on the outer edges were missing, disintegrated and torn off upon entry. The feathers that were still holding on were bloody and matted. The wings hurt to bend at the joints, and there were broken bones interspersed throughout. The longer, thicker feathers gave the wings the appearance of some shape, but Cas could tell they were rendered uneven when he saw his reflection in the water. He tried to keep them from dragging and touching the ground, but it often hurt to keep them outstretched.
Now this was a sight he thought he’d never see. Cas’ gorgeous body emanating a heavenly energy, wings fully barred, above him, taking his dick like he was created to do it. Dean wasn’t sure how strong the Sickness was, but he’d never seen Cas so unreserved. He was tight and hot, more so than usual, and the warmth was growing fast.
“Hey, Cas, look at me,” Dean said, placing the palm of his hand on the other side of Cas’ face. Cas turned to look at him, glassy-eyed and lost. “You’re safe now, okay?” Cas hesitated, but nodded. Dean went back to work. Cas’ forearm was still bleeding, so he put pressure on the wound and started to wrap it with a bandage.
“I need you, Dean,” Cas said lowly between kisses. Dean stopped, apprehensive for a change as they explored this new territory. His forehead connected with Cas’ as they both caught their breath. Cas whispered: “Please, alpha…” and all the stops were pulled out.
Dean spoke up. “Cas, hand me the phone.” Cas handed him the phone. “Look, Sam, he’s very weak and I’m not sure- … Okay. Okay.
“How about we go for a drive instead? We can get some food and then come back and watch a movie before dinner. I need a burger.” Dean was more excited than usual.
Dean slipped into the bathroom and shut the door behind him, his scent filling the room. Cas had his head turned away, but Dean sat down on the edge of the bathtub, trying to coax him out a little bit. Dean’s presence was comforting, but Cas was still fighting.
“I’m not certain, but I suppose it’s been about two hours,” Cas explained. “We should probably move. We’re both in danger. We can’t stay in one place for so long.”
Dean laughed breathily and stood. “What are we waiting for?” He cast a glance to the sky. “We’ve still got some day left, we can make it there and get out of here before tomorrow!”
“He’ll have the same thing as us.” Dean said, more to Cas than to the waiter. He wrote it down anyways.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean started, looking intensely at him as they walked. “When we get home, I’ll do anything for you. I want to give you the fucking world.” Dean inhaled sharply, trying to find the words. “I don’t want to hide anymore. I love you…” He paused. “I know it sounds stupid-”
“Yeah, yeah, cool,” Dean said, his mind and eyes elsewhere. “Have you seen Cas anywhere? He went to the bathroom 20 minutes ago and he’s not back yet.”
Dean felt his lungs collapse as he let the feeling overtake him. His skin tingled with the familiar warmth.
“Bingo,” Dean whispered. He drew his angel blade and walked down the hallway. Sam drew his as well, and they listened through the doors as they snuck down the corridor. They seemed to be filled with groups of people, laughing, playing poker, drinking…
Dean thought briefly about how to approach the subject. Cas was obviously upset and embarrassed, but Dean couldn’t imagine the amount of pain he was in. Dean couldn’t see them before, and Cas knew that. He was probably torn up that this was the baseline for Dean’s impression of them.
“And I’ve got you.” Dean smiled. “It won’t take long to walk, but once the Leviathans see us they’re going to attack. We have to be ready. How many do you think there are?”
“I wanted to cry. I guess you did it for me,” Dean said, reaching over to run a hand through Cas’ hair. “I know it’s a lot. Thank you.”
There was no answer, but Dean didn’t need one. He knew his angel was out there, and he knew he had heard him. Cas needed his help and he was going to do whatever he could to provide it.
At the end of the first street, Cas’ knees buckled and his breath heaved. He tried to walk of his own accord again, but Dean just picked him up, holding Cas tight to his chest, whispering soft words of encouragement.
“Don’t need it,” Cas said as his wings splayed out. He rested them softly against the bed with a little gasp outwards and spread his legs. “Part of the process. I’m ready.”
The demon sauntered closer to Dean. “Your bitch wouldn’t tell me where he was either, so I figured I’d let you watch him die before I rung the answer from your meat sack myself! Crowley took my soul from me, and I will not stand by and watch him live like a king while I-”
“Cas, let’s try to get out of here okay? You can sleep in the car if you want,” Dean offered. Cas nodded weakly in response. “C’mon, let’s go…” Dean picked him up and started towards the door. “Sam, can you slide the chick up front some cash? My wallet’s gone and she let us stay here last night for free.”
“I-I’m not wearing any cologne… I apologize, this is all very strange…” Cas fidgeted. Part of him wanted to run for the hills, and the other part wanted Dean to stay forever.
“What are you curious about, Dean?” Cas asked, and Dean scoffed. “You have a question. I can feel it. ”
Dean pulled out the last feather and Cas only made a short noise of protest. “All done,” he nearly whispered. He stood and walked around one of Cas’ wings to sit in front of him. “Doing okay?”
Dean shushed him softly, calmly removing Cas’ arms from his trench coat. “Don’t worry about it right now, baby. Let’s just focus on getting clean for a minute, hm? God, I haven’t had a real shower in… hell, a year?” Cas mustered a smile and leaned his head forward to look at Dean for a moment. His eyes seemed bluer than they did in Purgatory. He missed that blue.
“Welcome to the Gold Halo! On the back side of your menus, you’ll find specialty drinks,” she said as they all flipped through their menus. “And tonight’s dessert is cherry pie, a la mode.”
Dean kissed his forehead. “Relax, Cas, I don’t want to hurt you,” Dean reached for the bottle of lube in the drawer. Cas shook his head.
but- … I know he wants to go home, but I don’t know what I’m supposed to do… Are you sure you can help?”
Dean was trapped between the Leviathans and the water. He couldn’t bolt around them to the left or right, and fighting through them on his own would be impossible. Dean didn’t know how good Leviathans were at swimming, but he would have to hope that they weren’t as fast as him.
Dean tenderly set his head down on the pillow, threw on a t-shirt and a pair of shorts, and headed into the kitchen. He quickly filled a glass with water, downed it, and then grabbed one for Cas.
Sam opened the first aid kit and tossed Dean a handful of gauze pads. Dean started pressing them to the deepest parts of Cas’ cuts as Sam drove off out of the parking lot and onto the highway back home.
“Did you tell that to Cas too?” Dean said, angry. Sam reluctantly closed the door. Dean didn’t budge. “Put the knife down, freak.”
What was unusual, however, was the scent emanating from Cas and the growing warmth in his abdomen as he knelt by the bathtub.
There was so much connection emanating from this simple act of touch. It wasn’t overly sensual or prying, but Cas could feel the hum of Dean’s Humanity in every feather that he stroked. He could feel Dean’s admiration of his wings, as well as his want for him to get better. Cas flinched away, a bit red in the face.
Cas came more than Dean had ever seen him cum in one sitting. After his fourth orgasm, he was a complete disaster. His face was red, and he was intoxicated with pleasure. He was floating on air, rolling with whatever Dean gave him.
“Dean, look around. More things will be coming for us soon if we don’t go. Now. This is no world to live in. I don’t want this for you…” His mistakes had caused Dean so much pain. “I deserve to die for how I betrayed you. I left you behind. It’s time you returned the favor.”
“Yes. Wait,” Dean said, suddenly coming out of his elated stupor. “Are you okay to get through the exit? Are you healed enough?”
“Thank you,” he breathed. Cas didn’t look at him. Dean hated seeing Cas so upset. He didn’t mind helping Cas with private matters; that’s what people who love each other do. Part of him was able to empathize with how Cas felt. It was probably hard to share something that private with another person, especially when that part of you was damaged. Cas said that even the Monsters thought his wings were ugly, but even damaged, Dean thought they were amazing.
“I, um… I actually would prefer if you assisted me, Dean,” Cas whispered, trying not to seem embarrassed. They loved each other deeply, but Cas preferred to keep this conversation clinical. “There aren’t many angels left, certainly no other Seraphim. I am the last one.”
Dean huffed. Gabriel was a pain, but Cas needed the help. “Fine. Does that motherfucker even have a phone?”
“Ooooh, the dumb one!” the man said, pushing hard with his forearm onto Cas’ chest. “Shouldn’t have gone out into the big scary world all alone like that!” It was their waiter from earlier.
The next second, there was a searing pain as whatever force that pulled him out of Purgatory recognized his angelic nature.
“Cas, please. This is how we can get you better…” Dean rubbed Cas’ shoulder affectionately, and Cas could tell he was reaching for empathy. He still didn’t get it, but he was trying to. “Is there anything I can do?”
“Hey, hey, it’s okay,” Dean said, pulling Cas into an upright position. “We’re safe now, I’m gonna take care of you.”
Dean’s anxiety grew larger and larger as they continued. His heart pounded with terror and excitement. Where was Sam? Would he be glad to see Dean again? Where would they go? How would he make up for the pain and horror that Purgatory brought Cas?
“Careful!” Cas nearly shrieked with an uncalculated twitch. Frenzied cries spilled from his lips as Dean moved his hands towards Cas’ scapular. “S-Sensitive there!”
Soon enough, they were welcomed by a waitress carrying a platter of champagne glasses. “Free champagne?” she asked with a business-friendly attitude.
Dean’s Humanity got the best of him when he first arrived. He searched for Cas for a month, asking every monster where he was before he went in for the kill. There were no answers. He yelled until he drew in Monsters from every corner of Purgatory. There were no answers. He prayed every night, hoping that when he opened his eyes, Cas would be there.
Cas knew Dean wasn’t going to let him heal him of his own free will. Dean Winchester never asked for help, especially not from a broken angel. Cas, feeling much better and bolder, than he had a few days ago, jumped on top of Dean from behind, startling him enough to knock him to the ground.
“Shhh, Cas, shhh. Save that energy.” Dean knew it was true; they were safe, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong. “Can you stand?” Cas nodded, and Dean helped him up, but he could tell Cas’ knees were shaking. “Come on, baby, you’ve got this.”
“Cas? Sammy?” said a voice from down the hall. Sam and Cas turned towards the doorway and waited, beaming.
He struggled a bit with opening the door, but once he was inside, Dean went straight to work. “Cas, sweetheart,” he said gently. “Fuck, please, Cas, can you hear me?”
Cas was still a bit shell-shocked from the embarrassment of showing Dean his wings for the first time, but he sensed such genuine awe and amazement from Dean that he forgot about it. He was quickly swept away in the feeling of Dean kissing him and touching,
Cas was warm all over, and Dean could feel his length rubbing against his own thigh. Every movement Dean made made Cas’ pulse spike. Cas was hiding his need well, but his fingers were curled into Dean’s shirt, willing it with his mind to be removed.
With his fading Grace leading his heart, Cas sent his feelings to Dean. He connected Dean’s longing to his own, squirming and reeling, and pulsed his answer straight to Dean. There were no words. There were none that could capture what Cas felt. All that was needed was a piece of himself sent out to Dean through the night.
“I sense doubt in you, Dean,” Cas said, his voice weakened from the exertion of the phone call. “Kiss me…” Cas said with pleading eyes.
“I’d like to return home,” Cas stated, as if it were that easy. “We would move faster if I could teleport, but my Grace has been depleting since we arrived. I can’t regenerate if my wings are damaged, and my wings can’t heal unless they’re cared for… I haven’t had the time to do a thorough examination of my condition. I have realized the obvious problems, however.”
“It’s alright,” Cas said. His remark visibly surprised Dean. “We’re almost home. Don’t worry.” One more perk of Cas’ relationship to his Humanity: his emotions were already articulated for him.
“Morning, angel,” Dean whispered, kissing Cas on the forehead and then rolling out of bed. “How are you feeling?”
Cas’ legs were starting to tense with the physical exertion. Just a little more, he told himself, trying to match pace with Dean. The spying and the teleportation had worn on his body, and he wasn’t sure if he was going to make it through the exit alive.
Cas nodded, and Dean darted forward into the clearing, his quiet footsteps leading a path for Cas to follow. They were about halfway through the clearing when Dean heard Cas calling out in protest.
The Levithan laughed a pained, unnatural laugh. “Angel’s the way you’re headed. It’s just a matter of who gets to him first.” The Levithan backed away a few steps. “You, or us.”
“How did you know?” Cas said, taking a bite with his bandage-clad arm. Dean just leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. Cas was about to apologize, but Dean interrupted his self-pity.
“Let him go, Dean, he doesn’t want trouble.” Cas said, trailing Dean. Dean stopped in his tracks and turned back to Cas.
Cas pointed to a small area of trees to their left. Covered by the lake behind them and certain of the noise’s origin, they turned to face whatever threat was concealed by the foliage.
“Some Leviathans were chasing me. I couldn’t fight them, so I prayed. I mean, I’d prayed before that, but he never answered… not really, anyway… He was really hurt, really fuckin’ hurt, even back there. And he still pulled me out.”
Cas stayed where he was. He kept himself by the water so he was only accessible on one side. He could rest, and his Grace would wake him at the presence of a Monster. Cas was grateful that the water let him feign safety. If he could lure Monsters in and pretend he was safe, he could pretend Dean was safe too.
Cas nodded vigorously. “Yes, yes please.” He practically lunged at Dean, latching their mouths together in a rough kiss. Dean grasped his hips and climbed on top of Cas. He let the side of his hand trace from Cas’ jawline up to his forehead.
“I-I can’t!” Cas shouted with vehement desperation, whispering something in broken Enochian between his phrases. “It’s too much!”
“Swing it!” Dean shouted a little too loudly, throwing his arms up at the end. Cas clapped for him and another couple joined in, having seen Dean’s little performance for his boyfriend. Dean and Cas laughed, smiling at the other couple.
Dean chuckled a bit as he shook off Cas’ trenchcoat. He didn’t want to seem worried. The truth was, he had no idea what to do next. He didn’t even know exactly where they were. Should he call Sam? How was he going to help Cas when he didn’t even know what was wrong?
“There’s a door out back to the parking lot. We can carry him out without being noticed.” Sam said while finishing up with Cas’ binds. Dean scooped the limp Cas into his arms and followed Sam into the hallway. Dean noticed the cut to his chest and gasped.
“You were beautiful, though,” Dean said, his eyes grazing over Cas. “You are beautiful. You, uh, feel any better?”
“Ngh! Don’t stop, please!” Cas whined, pushing back, panting as he rode the aftershocks of his first orgasm. Dean complied, speeding up to what seemed to be a more suitable pace for Cas.
“Am I?” Cas said, surprised, wiping a hand across his forehead. “I wasn’t aware that I could…” He trailed off. A look of worry crossed Dean’s face.
Purgatory was making him needy. He could hold his own against any Monster that he crossed paths with, but he longed to see Dean. He wanted Dean to hold him and tell him that everything would be okay.
Halfway through the meal and three rounds of whiskey later, Cas was feeling a bit dizzy. He was just a little buzzed, feeling happy and wonderful. Sam and Dean were presently in a conversation about Dean getting drunk, underage.
He was dead, and there was no need for sleep. There was a need for rest, for protection, and Dean spent most of his nights resting. It was a nice reward for fighting and walking all day. He watched for nocturnal creatures, but few attacked during the night.
Cas was surprised at the question. “He’s dead,” Cas said weakly. The demon slapped Cas across the face, hitting the side with the cut.
Dean served himself a slice of the breakfast-pancake-birthday-cake and took a bite. “Holy shit…” he said, closing his eyes.
Dean wrapped his hand around the base of a thick, velvety, crimson feather. Dean spoke low and hushed, and Cas could hear the worry in his voice. “I’m gonna count it down, okay? Three, two, one.” Dean wrenched the feather out of the scapular and Cas cried out, clasping a hand over his mouth.
“Nope!” his eyes flashed black. “I don’t think so.” Well, that explains the super-strength. Cas panicked, and brought his leg up as hard as he could, his knee colliding with the demon’s groin. Cas was able to wriggle free, but all this appeared to do was piss the demon off.
“Oh, hey. This is Marie. She’s staying at a hotel near here and get this- she actually does know J-Lo.” Sam said. Marie Who Knew J-Lo smiled and waved at Dean.
Dean opted for a more aggressive push, leaving Cas to shed his towel and crawl into Dean’s covers for what short-lived privacy he could obtain. As Cas curled in on himself, Dean rushed about the room, digging out snacks from his bedside drawers and soft shirts from his dresser. He shed his clothes and tossed them into the hamper- he wouldn’t be needing them for as long as Cas needed him. He was muttering to himself- an uncommon habit for him, one that only crept to the forefront in his panicked states- something about time and preparedness…
“Cas, we’re the biggest moving landmark in all of Purgatory. That’s dangerous for you,” Dean said, his brow furrowing in concern. “I don’t want you to get hurt again.”
“Cas… I’m really happy I could help. I know it was tough and I’m glad you trust me.” Cas continued to avoid his gaze. “I think you’re beautiful.”
“Can you try and stand for me, Cas?” Dean asked tentatively, and Cas had to keep himself from audibly groaning in displeasure. He wasn’t even sure if he could, and he didn’t want to try. But he did, just because Dean asked him to. Dean stood up and held out his hands. Cas took them and pushed himself upwards quickly, getting light-headed in the process. “Whoa, whoa,” Dean said as he wrapped an arm around Cas’ back. “Too quick, darlin’. Be careful…”
“I’ll take that risk,” Cas said, looking at Dean, his gaze searing into his eyes. “You don’t deserve to be here.”
Cas agreed and allowed Dean to lead him behind a tree, out of sight from the clearing. He was sheltered by Dean on one side and the water on the other. Cas felt safer than he had in weeks. Although he was about to go through the most humiliating process ever, at least he was doing it protected and alone.
“That’s more than okay. Thank you,” Cas responded. He took the towel off and started to put the clothes on. He had no problem being naked in front of Dean, but he turned away slightly when he saw Dean watching him with a smile. Cas threw on Dean’s old band t-shirt, faded with wear and age, and turned back around to a frowning Dean.
“Absolutely. Thanks, Sammy,” Dean said, graciously taking the bag. “I’m gonna see if Cas wants any.”
“I’m not leaving until you tell me what’s wrong,” Dean replied, as stubborn as ever. Cas said nothing. Not even a peep. “Damn it, Cas, I’m coming in.”
Dean removed his fingers from Cas, who reacted with a whine, and leaned upwards to kiss his angel. “I think I understand. I’m gonna try as best as I can.” Cas, a little calmer now, nodded silently. “You feel loose enough to me… is it alright if I fuck you now, angel?”
Dean and Cas skidded to a stop as the other group of Leviathans approached. They were flanked on both sides; there was no choice but to fight their way out of this.
“-I know, Cas. Let’s get somewhere safe first, okay? I don’t want you to wear yourself out.” Dean walked down the alleyway and peaked out into the street, holding up Cas as they walked.
He turned to Cas, who was nearly paralyzed by fear. He stared past Dean and blinked. When Dean turned back around, more Leviathans came out of the brush. Five, six, seven, eight... more than they could handle alone.
“You’re gonna be just fine, baby, just keep holding on to me when you let go.”  Dean squeezed Cas’ hand back with equal force. He sped up his thrusts in hopes of dissipating Cas’ suffering a bit quicker. “I gotcha, Cas. It’s gonna feel so good. You’re gonna feel so much better.”
“It’s not as bad as you would think. Most Monsters have the same idea as us. They think it’s better to hunt during the daylight. Except werewolves, but we can handle those easily.”
“Only if you tell me what cologne you’re wearing. You smell fucking awesome.” Cas blinked dumbly as Dean crawled into bed next to him. He wrapped his arms around Cas and he prickled slightly.
Castiel was having a little difficulty choosing something to eat. His inexperienced taste buds had no clue what to get, and he had never eaten anything of this caliber before. He enlisted Dean’s help in picking a meal. “What should I get?” he said, leaning over to Dean.
“You’re my Castiel,” Dean whispered. Without thinking, he kissed Cas on the forehead. He heard Cas’ breath hitch nervously, but both of them stayed where they were. He let his hand come up to Cas’ cheek, resting it there for a moment, tracing his skin with his thumb. Dean drifted his hands to the bare skin along Cas’ arms where he violently pushed him away and pulled him into a loose embrace instead. “Mine…”
Cas tried everything to distract himself. Classical music blasted out of his phone as he washed his hair, still attempting to ignore the heat growing in his stomach. He was painfully hard, but he figured any efforts to ease the tension would draw the attention of Sam and Dean. If there was a way to skip the awkwardness, Cas would let himself be close to Dean, but for now, he could only hope his heat was short.
Cas immediately closed his eyes, gasping softly as he drank in the slow, rhythmic pulse of Dean’s hips. His wings relaxed and fell to the bed with a little
Hey, I hope you enjoyed! (If you didn't that's alright too, lol) I'm going to try and update soon in the future as my mental health permits. I really forgot how much I enjoyed writing! Sending good vibes your way and praying that season 15 is not too far away!
He raised his blade and the Leviathan held up his hands in front of his chest. “Hey, man, don’t take it personal. You’ve got a pretty respectful bounty on your head, I’m just here to collect,” the Leviathan grinned. He lunged again, but he was slow, and Dean nicked his side with the blade, just enough to momentarily incapacitate him.
Cas let himself breathe in Dean’s citrus-scented clothes as Dean held him close to his chest. Dean was a tough guy, but Cas knew he lived for this stuff. He was always reaching out, always touching, always protecting, and that was what drove him forward. Cas enjoyed being Dean’s; it meant Dean would keep moving forward with him.
Another hour of preparation later, plates and napkins were set around the table for three, and a huge stack of pancakes with syrup, whipped cream, and strawberries was sitting in the middle of the table. Sam and Castiel were pleased with their creation. It had been Cas’ idea, but Sam’s knowledge of kitchen utensils and possession of more experienced human taste buds had saved the day.
Dean turned on the Winchester charm. “Hunting accident. Me and my buddy were attacked by somethin’ and he went unconscious,” he explained calmly, incredibly practiced at lying through his teeth.
“It’s alright, don’t sweat it. Let’s get cleaned up.” Dean carried Cas to the bathroom and sat him on the edge of the counter so he could lean against the mirror while Dean got undressed. He leaned his head back onto the mirror, closing his eyes and inhaling deeply. Dean watched him carefully as he stripped off his many layers of jackets, followed by his jeans.
Dean dove headfirst into the water without a second thought. He swam as far as he could with his eyes closed. He felt the water ripple behind him as the Leviathans jumped in to follow him. As he ventured on, adrenaline as his main driving force, he seemed to be gaining ground against the Leviathans.
“I know, but Cas has never seen it!” Dean opened the case of Hatchet Man and loaded the DVD player. He hit play and joined Cas on the bunker’s couch. It was a strange time of day for a horror movie; it was only three in the afternoon. Nevertheless, the gore of the film had Cas curled up next to Dean’s sleeve.
A rustle from behind the trees caught their attention. Dean swiveled to face whatever he invited to wrestle with him. Three shapeshifters emerged from the tree line. One of them carried a weapon similar to Dean’s.
Purgatory seemed so wide to Dean. He could walk for hours and it wouldn’t seem like he had traveled a mile. Time was as thick as molasses, and it felt even slower. Eternity was an incomprehensible limbo.
“Hey, Sammy… Yeah, it’s me… Yes, I promise. Cas is here too. We made it out…” Dean smiled as he eased into the conversation. Cas tried to listen, but he had trouble hearing Sam on the other end. “Whoa, whoa, slow down… Yeah, I’m alright but- … I called as soon as I could… There was a problem. I called as soon as I got- … It’s Cas. Something’s wrong… No, I’ve got no clue, but we’re gonna figure it out… I don’t know, I-” Dean flicked his eyes to Cas, then back to the wall. “Here, I’ll give him the phone,” Dean said, raising his eyebrows. Cas nodded and took the phone from Dean.
“Dad had to come pick me up and everything. He was so mad.” Dean shook his head and laughed dryly, taking another drink of whiskey. “God, this steak is so good. How’s your… salad, Sam?” Dean narrowed his eyes.
Cas had been listening to the Leviathans talk for about two hours now, and nothing they were saying was useful. Nevertheless, he kept his focus. Something in his very soul told him to keep listening. Under Dean’s attentive eyes keeping watch, he honed in on the group of Leviathans once again.
Cas followed as Dean rushed up the rocky hill. The exit began flickering more violently as they approached. The wind was picking up due to the force, kicking dirt into their eyes. Dean squinted at the portal. “What’s happening?!”
“I know,” Sam said, understanding Castiel’s struggle. He stood next to Cas, watching the pancakes cook for a little longer while Cas reached for the whipped cream on the top shelf. He cursed in Enochian under his breath when he discovered he wasn’t tall enough to reach it. Castiel sunk back down, sulking over his pancakes once more.
“This one’s pretty high end, so suit and ties for everyone. Sam, you good to leave in an hour?” Dean said.
Sorry I haven't updated in awhile! I haven't been super motivated to write, but I reread the first few chapters and decided to keep going. Hope you're well!
“HE’S my cherry pie! Cool drink of water, such a sweet surprise!” Dean always changed ‘she’s’ to ‘he’s’, just for Cas. Dean sang along just under obnoxiously, pointing at Cas on the pronouns. Cas loved every minute. He laughed at Dean’s stupid air guitar and practically wheezed when he used the salt shaker as a microphone.
“Relax, Dean,” Sam said, sighing slightly. “Some of his friends were being hunted while you and Cas were gone and I helped out. He’ll be happy to help.”
There was a certain part of him that wanted to make it through Purgatory with Dean, but he also knew that and angels and humans alone drew copious amounts of attention here. Purgatory’s most wanted travelling together sounded simultaneously like the best and worst idea.
“I’ll try. Would you mind telling Sam to step out for a while? I don’t want Sam to see my wings. And things might get… intense.” Cas shifted where he stood. A drop of sweat dripped down his temple, and he wiped it away urgently. “I dislike sweating.”
Cas journeyed to his room as fast as his injured body could handle, pulled the small box out of his drawer, and went back to Dean’s room. Dean looked curious, slightly confused even. Cas handed him the box and plopped down next to him on the bed.
Cas squeezed his eyes shut, searching for a more human language, and arched his back in response to a particularly deep thrust from Dean. “A-Ah! There! Please keep going!” Cas shouted desperately.
Dean pushed himself up so he could kiss Cas’ chest, finding that the skin there was just as warm. Cas was flushed a beautiful red, and the moans spilling from his mouth were so perfectly congenial they could have been pulled right out of Dean’s dreams.
“It’s alright,” Dean said, with a smile in his voice as he stroked. Everything was quiet, and it seemed, even if just for a moment, they were alone. Though slightly damaged, the feathers were the softest things he’d ever felt in his life. Soft down protruded in short, wispy hairs at the base of the feathers. The longer fibers of the larger feathers were thick and velvety, and Dean smoothed them down with care.
“From my experience, humans do enjoy extended metaphors and innuendo in popular music.” Cas responded. When he became human, Cas started to enjoy music even more than he already had. He had the freedom to sing and to dance… not that he hadn’t before. It just felt different now. Dean snorted, finishing his burger. He slid the paper-lined basket over to Cas.
Eventually, the weight started to grow exponentially to the point where Dean could barely take it anymore. He could feel the ghost of wings on his back, and the sharp, stabbing pain that jabbed at every nerve. Through every moment, he could feel the draining sensation- the draining of Cas’ Grace. He felt powerless as that essence of life emptied. His own panic returned alongside Cas’ hurt. Dean held on to Cas, trying to push away from the kiss.
Dean listened to Sam in the phone as he looked into Cas’ eyes. Dean nodded. “Lincoln, Nebraska. We’re in Room 213 at a Motel 8. I think it’s about 7 miles from the Capitol. Please hurry.”
“It’s damn near dead. Sam gets the front.” Cas faked pouted and Dean was grateful his boyfriend was okay with the backseat. Sam never complained about winning his front seat privileges.
This wave of emotion from Dean’s Humanity shook Cas to his very core, more so than it ever had in Purgatory. Every nerve that caused him pain since their return ignited, flaring up with Dean’s possessiveness. It knocked the wind out of him, and he tensed momentarily. Cas side-eyed Dean in curiosity to see if he noticed his Humanity’s effect, but once again, there was no response from Dean.
“You never want to celebrate, but Cas thought you deserved something special.” Sam said, cutting into the stack of pancakes in front of them. Dean picked up a fork and gazed at Cas, smiling at him in reverence. Though Cas and Dean had been together for longer than Castiel had been human, these new human feelings that arose when Dean looked at him like that made his heart flutter.
“Yes,” he said, his eyes still partly closed, “I don’t have to sleep, but I do enjoy it from time to time.”
“I…” Cas hesitated, unsure if honesty would make Dean want to flee, “I guess I just liked being close to you… physically.”
Cas shook off his coat and laid it across the back of Dean’s chair, “Yes, I can understand how kissing your lover could distract you from all else.”
I was on the ground, having been thrown on my side as soon as he approached. He saw me as a gnat, an inconvenience, I was not his target, that was the Winchesters. His eyes glowed with rage and I turned to look at Dean, one more look if it were to be my last, but I saw something in his expression that made me turn on my side, my useless arm splayed beside me, it was Jack his eyes glowing the same goldish-white and he was holding Chuck in place, his fingers poised to snap Jack from existence. This, of course, was the plan. Amara had sacrificed some of her power to Jack, and within him, a nephilim, it multiplied. Jack was a power vacuum, and when he placed his hands on Chuck’s face the deity fell to his knees, as Jack glowed with light so bright even my angelic eyes had to look away.
“Sorry,” Cas said looking at his hands, “I am still not sure how to do this, be around you but not be overwhelmed by you. Being human is very confusing.”
“Dude,” Claire rolled her eyes, grabbing the butter and pouring it into the bowl, “you are such a bad liar. Seriously, what’s up?”
“You are quite enebriated Dean as was the woman you were with. I did not feel inclined to save you twice in one day if either of you chose to drive,” Castiel spat the words at Dean.
Dean looked over and Cas was giving him that look, that fond and loving look that melted him. He smiled and winked and then tucked into his biscuits and gravy. Step two, done.
The pain was only numbed by the tears that fell down my own cheeks, and although it was no less than I had expected the air in Dean’s room suddenly felt close.
“Oh,” Jack’s eyebrows knitted together, “I don’t think I understand. This involved murder and necromancy. Is love always so… gross?”
It was just before one am when they arrived back at the motel, Dean nudged Sam who woke with a start. They arranged to head out of town at ten the next morning, and then Sam went into his room, he was already Facetiming Eileen before the door even closed. Once Dean shut the door to their room, he and Cas stood there awkwardly for a moment, neither of them quite sure what to do. Finally Dean decided to be human for a moment.
“Fuck, I love you, Cas,” he said when we finally made it to his bedroom and he had me pressed against his door.
Castiel took another bite of the sandwich that Dean had made him. It had Turkey and some sort of cheese and mustard, and while he thought it tasted good, he still preferred peanut butter and jelly. Dean handed him a glass of water and Cas downed it, realizing that he had still not gotten used to drinking regularly.
Dean winced, there he was again, after everything they had just experienced, unable to string a sentence together.
I responded by pulling his hips forward off the counter, and he landed with both hands on my shoulders. We stood there a few more minutes trying to break away long enough to walk the short distance to the bunkers bedrooms.
Dean’s eyes were glassy with anger, his hands balled into fists, “Cas, what other choice do we have man? If you’ve got ideas, I’m all ears.”
Just before Dawn, I stood in the darkness of Dean’s room, there was no light except what escaped from under the door and the small night light that he had plugged into the wall by his desk. When I asked him why he had purchased it he said he did not want anything to sneak up on him, but we both knew it was because he had fallen trying to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night. Dean felt the need to squash even perceived weakness. I exited his room, shutting the door behind me silently, and walked down the corridor to the map room.
Dean watched him and rolled his eyes. “Ugh, just come over here,” he said, pulling up one side of the blanket.
They stayed there for a moment, both men, their heads bent as if in prayer, unable to look at one another. Finally, Cas knelt before Dean, penitently. He took the hunters hands in his and kissed them as if they were holy relics. Dean loved him, he was sure of it now, but Cas felt sick that he had endured so much for his sake. Dean was made of trauma, he was built by it, but Cas never thought about how much of that had come at his hands, wittingly or not. He felt sick with shame.
Cas said it because it was the truth, he said it because they had been through multiple apocalyptic events and came out the other side, and he said it because he wanted Dean to be free of it. Of course, Cas truly could not understand why it was of any import to human beings who they loved as long as they did it freely and with full consent, but he had felt how it blackened Dean’s insides to recall these things. It was another trauma life had laid at his feet.
Dean stood up, and put his robe over his shoulders. Cas suddenly felt as though he was intruding, he did not usually linger in Dean’s presence both as a form of self-preservation and because Dean appreciated his space.
Cas let out a gasp, “I don’t understand,” he was trying to speak but Dean was now nipping at his jaw, kissing little trails down his neck, “We should go back to your room.”
There it was again, Dean thought, unconditional-undeserved love. Cas had absolutely no poker face, and his affection and adoration were written plainly there with no shame and no pretense. For a moment, Dean just let it wash over him. Then his stomach tightened.
He felt lucky to escape this conversation with Cas, but when he walked over to the bar there was a burning pang of guilt in his gut. He glanced back over his shoulder to look at Cas. His eyes were shining and his shoulders were slumped beneath his oversized trench coat. Dean pressed down the desire to go back to the table and comfort his friend, What good would come of it, he thought, and turned back to the girl who was now leaning toward him.
“Yes, I was hoping to speak to you,” Cas began, “I sense things are awkward between us and it is difficult for me. I want you to know that I have no expectations of you. I am your friend Dean. That is enough.”
The movie ended and Dean let the credits roll all the way to the end, he was quickly becoming addicted to the feel of Cas’s soft hand against his calloused one, and he did not want to separate their interlocking fingers. The most incredible part was that the ulcer in his stomach stayed quiet, it was normally a loud and angry thing that burned and screamed, but it was silent. Dean could not help the words that escaped him, he felt almost euphoric.
Sam’s room was the same size as Dean’s but because it was organized and orderly it somehow seemed larger. Dean’s room was not dirty, just cluttered.
“Since this cabin belongs to a murder victim, and his wife said it was vacant,” Dean smirked, “I don’t think we do.”
“Dude you have no poker face. What’s up?” Dean replied, although sarcastic his voice was kind and his eyes crinkled at the edges.
Something clutched at my chest at his words, I wanted to explain, to show him that he was my happiness, “Dean, I have had moments of happiness, but in this life, with the things we’ve been fighting, there is very little time for pure joy.”
Cas considered it, “No, Dean gave me that mixtape of his favorite Zeppelin traxs. I do not want to simply copy his gesture.”
Dean took a step back, running his hands through his hair, and I swear I could see the cogs in his brain working overtime.
“Let’s go to bed, Dean,” Cas let out an honest to Jack yawn that made Dean break out in that ridiculous smile again as he let the angel lead him to his bedside.
Claire started to pull Kaia toward the bedrooms, “Okay, we are going to bed before things get sappy.”
I knew I needed to tread lightly in this conversation, as I did not wish to have Sam asking a lot of follow up questions so I nodded adding, “I do not think it will be necessary, I think happiness in my case is… difficult. I think the empty’s deal has ultimately doomed it.”
“I won’t drop it Dean,” he said, staring him down, “I need to know if something is wrong, or I cannot help you. We are all in this mess together, and I cannot have your back if you hide things from me or from Sam.”
“Okay,” Dean pretended not to notice the awkwardness in the air that was blooming between them, “Okay, then see you in the morning.”
Cas rolled his eyes, “My problem is you. You are living like we are still fighting the forces of heaven and hell. I see how you live Dean, you are unhappy and you're rude, and you hurt the people around you. Why won’t you even try to be happy. I gave my life for that you know.”
Sam just shook his head again, and headed toward his room. Dean followed him, willfully avoiding Cas, who was trailing behind him silently. Before Sam shut his door he told Dean to meet in fifteen minutes so they could go do a few interviews before checking out a few locations the wolf may be hiding. Dean nodded and then opened the door to his room. It was small, and the furnishing and decor were old, but it was clean which was more than he expected. Dean hung his garment bag in the closet and unzipped it, taking out his suit. It was a little faded from years of wear, but it still fit him like a glove.
Elieen signed something that made Sam’s face turn red, and Cas look at his feet, and Dean suddenly wondered if not knowing sign language was a good thing. The next thing Dean knew he and Cas were sitting alone at the map table, and Dean did his best to seem casual. After his brief display of PDA, Dean had gone back to feeling anxious about touching Cas. As soon as it had been what he deemed an appropriate amount of time to hold hands, he shimmied his wrist free, grabbing the popcorn bowl as an excuse. Cas had tried not to notice that Dean never actually ate it.
Dean pressed his fingers against the bridge of his nose, and took a deep breath. His lip quivered and he silently cursed himself for crying this way. Misty-eyed was fine, blubbering was not. He ran his free hand down his face as the tears ebbed, and tried for the most nonchalance he could muster.
The next few weeks passed in a blur. Cas had stayed in the bunker for the first week while Sam and Dean hunted a werewolf outside Omaha, but he had joined Dean on a hunt a few days later when he realized it was an angel killing. Cas knew by the bright pink stains left behind by the victims practically vaporizing into thin air that it was an angel of mercy. When they tracked him down, it turned out he was killing innocents for their sadness or frustration which he confused for true suffering. He, like so many angels after the fall, did not understand what humanity truly was, he did not understand that pain is woven so tightly with love and joy that they were sometimes indistinguishable, and that humans were just doing their best to navigate it all. In the end, he would not listen to Cas’s explanation, and Dean had come down on him with the angel blade in just in time to save Cas.
After a week in the bunker Cas realized that he had not seen Sam, except for a few chance encounters.
He broke out into a huge grin and picked her up off the ground, kissing her again. He then set her down and spoke and signed back, “I love you, too.”
We were both stuck, there was suddenly too much and not enough distance between us. Slowly, so as not to spook him like a fawn in the woods, I stood from the bed. I took a few steps so that I was standing close enough to reach out and pull Dean into me. It was not an unusual hug, nothing about it felt forgein or new. Yet, I shuddered.
Never had Dean been more grateful for the hot water — decent water pressure was a true gift from Jack — that pressed into his muscles and relieved the tension from both the fight and knowing that Cas was waiting for him. Dean could not count the number of times he had been to bed with women, he just knew it was a lot. On the other hand, Dean could easily count the number of times he had really been with someone. He loved sex, he knew how to have good... no great sex, but really being with someone, with or without sex, was something different. To make matters worse, it had never been with a guy, and to make matters worse than that, it had never been with someone who he loved as much as Cas. The thought came to him before he could stop it, he had not said the words out loud, but he had thought it, and now he could not unthink it. Love, he loved Cas. He pressed his head against the cool shower tiles and tried to steady himself. There was a voice that Dean always heard, knew better than his own that was yelling at him to run, it shouted, “EVERYTHING YOU LOVE DIES!” He felt his hands and feet start to tingle but he took a few deep breaths and tried to remember that this was different. Chuck was not writing his story. Cas was not going to leave.
Dean was glad that Sam was good at the whole talking-it-out thing because he did not think he could have broached the subject himself, and he had certainly wanted to avoid it before. Now, he felt like he had Sam’s blessing, and although he would never admit it out loud, he needed it.
He smiled reassuringly looking at Cas from under his thick lashes, and Cas nodded, sitting on the edge of the bed. Dean started to unpack, but he felt uncomfortable, he did not want to have another ‘big talk’ as he was fairly emotionally tapped out, but he also could not stand the idea of hurting Cas.
A house with a big bed that he and Cas would share, maybe a garage where he could work on Baby, maybe even restore a few other cars. Cas could have a garden and they would fight about getting a cat. Sam could come over on Sunday’s to grill burgers; he and Eileen with a few kids in tow. The image made his eyes sting and he realized that if Cas was not in it, it would seem like a hollow shell of a thing. This was it, this was free will, this is what he wanted. It was too soon to talk about it, and it was too soon to know how to have it, but Dean had waited his whole life to be free so he was confident that he could take this step by step.
Hearing the slur in her voice, watching as she went in and out of focus, and thinking about the tobacco on her breath, Dean felt his interest wein. Suddenly the mystique was shattered, the illusion gone. No one liked a quick fuck with a hot stranger more than Dean Winchester, but he was too drunk and felt too broken. If he were twenty he would take her in the bathroom stall and have all kinds of fun, but at forty-two, he just felt tired.
