"I dunno, maybe because you two have been together for over a month and you haven't moved past second base?"
Dean stood for a moment frozen while his brain attempted to sort through the sensory overload when one thing pushed its way to the forefront of his mind.
Castiel's voice died in his throat at the innocuous question. Sarah, having realized her mistake, brought a hand up to her mouth.
"It's not a button." she said quietly, "And this isn't just a piece of paper. This is your clean slate, your chance to be a virgin again until marriage."
"All right, you take Auburn, we'll take Ogden... meet in the middle."
Dean shifted around to check the time. Seven thirty am. They had gone to sleep around eleven thirty the previous night which mean he had slept for eight hours. Eight hours of straight uninterrupted sleep. That had not happened in longer than Dean cared to remember. He was lucky if he could get through four hours without being woken by Sam or some catastrophe or a nightmare.
The stranger moaned but didn't move. Dean walked around the bar, coming up beside the man and shaking him harder.
"It was never a question of you asking Sammy. It was my job as your older brother."
"I will endeavor to make Dean as happy as I can for as long as he'll have me."
"Me, right? You're talking about me? I was the one who convinced you to rebel, I was the one who got you kicked out of heaven, I was the one who broke the first seal and started this whole mess. Well lucky you. Guess you're rid of me. You can go back and fix what I broke and go live the life or existence or whatever the fuck you call what you do up there in Cloud fucking Cuckoo Land that you were meant to have. Go on! Leave! See if I care!"
"He's got a point you know."
Jody sighed and shifted her position, crossing one ankle over the other.
Sam nodded, looking back down at the gift and stroking over the soft leather.
"Whazz goin' on?" he asked, his words slurring in exhaustion as he closed his eyes.
“I guess that’s why we pray.” She said, “When you get dealt such a bad hand sometimes, you need something stronger than yourself.”
"Yes, Dean. I like to read books. You know, the one without the pictures in them?"
"Yes."
Sam sent him a glare for the nickname before turning to the pretty brunette.
Dean looked up and once again found himself lost in Castiel's endless blue eyes, eyes that seemed to see past the sarcasm and bravado that Dean had built up around himself and pierce right into the depths of his soul.
He felt hands on him. Not Metatron's sweaty palms but his brother's strong hands as he pulled him upright, his voice a buzz in Dean's ears as he moaned from the pain the movement caused.
"I am not a prize to be won, Dean. You did not have to do anything. All you had to do was be yourself. When will you finally realize that that is enough?"
Tears began streaming down his face and he wiped them away with a shaking hand. Dean had gone numb, his stomach cold and queasy. He didn't know what to say. There was nothing to say. So instead he reached out a hand and rested it on Cas' shoulder, a comforting weight. Cas's hand came up to rest on top of Dean's, accepting the show of support.
They settled into the bed, Cas wrapping his whole body around Dean and burying his face in the crook of his neck.
"If by special you mean 'dangerously co-dependent', then sure."
Dean trailed off, his breathing quickening as memories assaulted him and his voice died in his throat. He shut his eyes, squeezing as though that would banish them. He jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder and his eyes snapped up. Castiel's concerned gaze was staring back at him.
It had been mutually agreed by all parties that Crowley would sit out the festivities.
And Dean was sick of waiting for the other shoe to drop, so he went out and scoured newspapers and the Internet and finally, finally came up with a half-decent lead.
"What is it?" Dean asked when Cas didn't say anything.
"After what dad did to you. I mean, you could have left, gotten yourself away from him. Did you stay for me?"
"So why didn't you?" Dean asked; his gaze accusatory, hurt shining in his vivid green eyes.
"And that'd be you."
Dean smiled and closed what little gap there was left between them, pressing his lips to Cas' and kissing him slowly, his arms encircling his torso and his hands running over the strong muscles of the former angel's back, fisting the plaid shirt that Cas had borrowed from Dean because he 'liked the way it smelled'.
"Perhaps." Cas didn't sound too hopeful. "Here is something to start with at least. Hold on, I'm umm…sending you a photo of the symbol that drew all the angels in." Sam and Dean could hear the angel fumbling with the phone. Despite having become more accustomed to technology over the years, his operation of machines still lacked finesse to say the least.
Cas nodded and looked away.
"I wonder." he murmured before reaching a hand out and grasping Dean's bare shoulder.
Dean paused.
Crowley looked down at the water dripping from his face onto the dark slacks of his vessel. His body.
"Cas? Hey, you okay?" Dean asked as he scrambled across the room, over the angel's body to where Castiel knelt, clutching his injury.
"Whatever. You know what? I'm too tired for this shit right now." He turned to the angel with a suggestive eyebrow raised. "How about it Cas? You wanna come back to the bunker for a little R&R for the weekend?"
He tried to control it, tried to breathe the way Cas had shown him, but the panic was rising and the memory was taking over and he could feel the shame and self-hatred flood in until he felt like he was drowning in it.
The sheriff called with an update on the case once Dean was back on the road after dropping Cas off. The first victim's husband's DNA had not been present in the sample sent to the lab and he and Dean were currently pouring through the guy's case file down at the station.
“Come on Jimmy.” He said softly, his words barely penetrating the cloud of grief and disbelief that surrounded him.
"All right, well, then, in that case, we have to figure out, uh, who are we up against, what do they want, and how do we stop them." Sam commented, taking a pull from his bottle of beer
He turned then, giving Sam no time to reply and stalked off.
The clapping died down and another voice spoke up.
Then he leapt forward, tackling Sam in a hug and Sam laughed while Sarah grabbed Castiel’s arm and leant her head on his shoulder.
But the rest of his words were cut short when Dean grabbed him and pulled him in, squeezing tight.
Hurt seeped through the connection he still had somewhat blocked as Dean glanced away.
“And how’re you dealing?”
“It was getting a bit loud in there.” She said by way of explanation, “I hope I’m not disturbing you.”
Cas looked up and nodded without delay, “Yes. Sometimes I worry that somehow I’m dishonoring their memory by allowing myself the joy I feel when I am with him.”
“Shift?” He asked for clarification, Castiel didn’t give him any.
"They were the work of the prophet who came before you." Castiel explained, "He received visions and was compelled to write them down as narratives. They are referred to as the Winchester Gospels."
He trailed off.
Dean blinked.
Sam smiled and nodded.
"It's alright." He said in a weak voice, "I just…"
. You don’t know him like I know him. You haven’t had time to get to know him. And I know you want to look out for me but you gotta trust that I know what I’m doing.”
Sam's bottom lip trembled and his face screwed up as a sob fell from his throat and Dean pulled him into a tight hug as a torrent of tears began to fall from his brother.
"Mmmm." he groaned. "Yer a good br'ther, Shammy. T'ke care o' me."
"Sam, I was the one who—"
Dean was proud of the fact that he managed to not wet himself once that particular speech was done. He had been privy to his share of macho posturing but that, that was real.
"What does me having Cas have anything to do with it."
"Did it work?"
"Take care of yourself boys." She said, holding back tears that were part sorrow at the idea of leaving and part unbridled excitement at the quest that lay before her, "Dean," she added, pointing and accusatory finger at the hunter, "don't screw this up." She ordered, gesturing to him and Cas, "And Castiel, don't let Dean screw this up."
"We do sometimes." He countered.
"And who am I to decide that?" The question was soft, his tone...lost. "He was following my example. Everything he did, every angel he killed was because of me."
"Shhh." Cas murmured, stroking a hand through Dean's dark blonde hair. "It's okay. It's okay."
"Oh." Cas nodded.
"Usually you just squirt the toothpaste onto the brush."
Jody fixed him with her no-nonsense Sheriff stare.
Dean finished wrapping the wrist in silence, taping off the bandages and gathering the supplies back into the bag before he looked up to find tears trickling silently down Castiel's cheeks.
"Already did that. Three times." he muttered.
"Whoa!" Dean yelled, hands held up. The sword-wielding man let out a relieved breath and dropped the weapon.
"So you brought a strange, drunk man to your place because that's something that happens?"
Dean shook his head.
"So, you've come back. I do hope it's to make up with your emotionally stunted boyfriend because honestly, it's been hell here the last few months. Almost called you myself a couple of times."
Cas took a steadying breath.
Dean broke away from the kiss, both men gasping as they stared into each other's eyes.
"Wait!" Kevin shouted. "The tablets, I forgot the tablets!"
He moved over and shared a hug with Sarah.
"Yeah, I know." he agreed.
"Here we are, three brewskies." he said, setting them on the table and retaking his seat.
"Not really, I mean, I remember feeling…at rest, peaceful, like everything had fallen the way it should and I could just…let go of everything. And then I was alive again and I knew I had been dead."
Cas put a hand on his knee
"What the hell was that Cas?" Dean asked.
"Why don't you do it more often then?" Castiel asked.
Dean's phone ringing interrupted the conversation.
He moved to stand beside the fallen angel, showing him the correct way to crack an egg and scramble them. Sam got the bacon and pancakes underway and then turned to watch his brother and Castiel. The change was palpable. Dean was relaxed, smiling; he had one hand draped across the angel's back and was huddled in close to Castiel's space. Sam had never seen his brother physically demonstrative with anyone. Most of the time Dean didn't like to be touched, especially when it wasn't on his terms, and even then only in times of high emotion.
"The cabin" Sam said, glancing sideways to gauge Dean's reaction. He hoped he wouldn't have to drag Dean there. Dean could be a stubborn son-of-a-bitch when he wanted to. But he merely shrugged and leaned his head against the window and closed his eyes, the exhaustion finally catching up to him.
"So? I went out, had a few too many. Don't see what the big deal is."
Sam sighed. They'd gotten nowhere translating the tablet themselves and Sam knew their best bet was Crowley.
Sam sighed as he watched his bother go, praying he wouldn't screw this up.
"Stand what?"
"But what if that's not enough? What if I lose control? What if—"
Sam thought about it as he moved to his room to pack. Something told him there was a lot more to the story than Dean was letting on, as usual.
"Yeah, but not for a while if I can help it."
Sam looked up into the old hunter's eyes.
“Of course not.” He answered, and he was pleased that his voice only shook a
“Congratulations Sam.”
"Why, Dean?" Cas said, temper on the verge of flaring again. "To prove that you can? To prove yourself to your father?"
Dean continued to stare at the ground as Sam tried to reason with him. The problem was though, that despite the truth in Sam's words, Dean could not let go of the shame and guilt that those words of John's had burnt into his soul, shame and guilt he still carried with him.
"What? Who's gone Dean?"
As it turned out, it only took five days for Dean to approach Bobby.
The warehouse had been a bust. Actually it had been a trap, a series of literary and filmaticly referenced quests culminating in a false heaven that Sam said he would give anything to un-see. Cas had to admit Metatron had gone a little over the top what with balloons and dolphins and cupids, although he couldn't say he didn't appreciate all the pictures of naked Dean strewn about the place. It had been the burnt remains of Josiah slumped in the corner that had really been the icing on the cake, still alive despite the holy fire that had ravished his vessel and grace. He had even refused Castiel's attempt to heal him, saying he didn't want to owe his life to Castiel.
"Dean, I have to try."
Still no answer. Cas tried the handle and found it open.
Cas looked at their hands and sighed, lifting his eyes to meet Dean's and then looking away.
She opened her mouth but no words came out, just rasping sounds.
And then the panic came.
But would he like it? What if he didn't like it? Was it too much? Over the top? It was probably over the top. Or what if Dean bought it and then Cas didn't come for Christmas? What would he do then? He supposed he could always give it to Kevin. But still, was it even worth getting it? Cas probably wasn't even going to come. He'd be too busy or he'd think it was stupid or he'd be offended. And even if he
Castiel tugged at the blanket and let it fall to the ground, staring at the cage that was revealed and the large rodent that sat inside. It turned its eyes to Cas and blue met blue as Castiel stared down at the animal.
"Dean." he breathed at the sight of the distressed hunter. He exchanged glances with Sam who, though he desperately wanted to know what had sparked the panic attack, knew he needed to get Dean calmed down first.
Dean cleared his throat and shifted.
Crowley nodded.
He turned off the car and the stereo shut off, plunging him once more into ice-cold silence. He tipped forward until his forehead rested against the steering wheel, and the steady stream of tears became a torrent and he sobbed until his lungs burned for air and his entire being felt sapped of energy.
He sighed and scrubbed his hand down his face, rubbing at his tired eyes.
Castiel smiled.
"A reminder of what?"
Castiel frowned.
"The only thing that matters in the end is the mission. Protecting those who would not and cannot protect themselves; the humans. None of us is bigger than that. And we will not let our fears, our self-absorption prevent us from seeing it through. Not anymore."
Cas nodded.
He hung up the phone.
"The Huron Motel."
He sat back and pinched the bridge of his nose.
"No. It feels good."
He felt his cheeks warm as he trailed off.
"Lebanon." The answer came, still in that breathy hitched tone. Dean knew that tone. It was the tone of someone in pain, someone attempting to speak through waves of agony.
His time as a human was not unwelcome. He was very thankful for Dean and Sam, mostly Dean, and the comfortable domesticity that they had fallen into. But it was hard not to feel a little homesick.
Castiel opened his mouth to speak but Dean beat him to it.
"Huh." he vocalized. "Can I…can I touch them?"
"A parent never ceases to protect their child, Sam, even when that child is grown." An odd melancholic tone crept into his voice as he spoke; whispers of the memories and emotions of Jimmy Novak flooded through him. The way he had begged, pleaded with Castiel to take him instead of his daughter, willingly sacrificing everything, his entire existence, to save Claire.
Castiel glanced upwards and over until he was looking at the hunter.
"Dean? Sam?" Kevin popped up from behind a makeshift barricade in the library wielding a crossbow. "You're alive."
"Because I know you. I've seen your soul, remember? I've seen the truth of you."
"I should have known." he said, his voice breaking as he voiced the thoughts that had haunted him since he discovered what had happened to his brother, "I should have come home sooner, or seen something, some sign that things weren't all right. I should have thanked Dean more for everything he did instead of blaming him for the things he didn't. I should have gotten Dean to come with me when I ran away instead of going on my own. I should have called him when I went off to Stanford instead of blaming him for siding with dad. I should have
Cas held out his hand, index finger extended towards Dean. Dean looked down at it and back up at Cas, the hope that had bloomed in his chest slipping an iota.
Sam moved over to see what Charlie was doing and the two struck up a conversation as Castiel moved over to Dean, sitting down beside him and holding out the food with a proud smile on his face.
"And how do you feel now?"
"And you…you're…okay with that?"
"My mother died when I was young and my father left not long after so I was mostly raised by my brothers. When I was fifteen, I met Amelia. We were high school sweethearts and we ended up getting married once we finished college. We had a daughter, Claire."
"And you're worried that that'll happen with Cas." Sam inferred.
Dean nodded.
“Did you get a chance to talk to Cas about…you know?”
It had seemed like such a good idea at the time. A totally submissive act, free from aggression, anything that might trigger Dean. He had gone slow, given him time to adjust, to understand exactly what Cas was willing to do for him, wanted to do for him.
"What? I just thought I'd read up on them, in case Cas ends up needing our help."
Castiel wasn’t happy with Dean.
"Well, congratulations. It worked." His eyes were barely open and his voice was still rough from sleep. Idly he realized he was still holding the knife to his boyfriend's neck and he removed it. "You should know better than to sneak up on me while I'm sleeping. I could have really hurt you."
"You had me at clean slate." he said, brandishing his pen, "Let's do this."
"Activated?" Dean supplied.
"So he wasn't lying." Flagstaff inferred.
"Dean, we need a strong branch of Oak to defeat the Roman Goddess who is capturing and burying people alive."
loving and
"Is anyone? Ever?" Dean asked rhetorically.
Sam nodded, they had settled down in Milford, just outside of Cincinnati and he'd enjoyed living there until John had abruptly announced they were leaving one evening a few months in.
"Who's screaming?"
"What are big brothers for." he glanced around and then slapped his thighs and stood. "Anyway, my job here is done. Time to return to the old homestead, my little slice of paradise is waiting for me."
"As quickly as possible, then."
He held out his own gift, this too wrapped in proper festive paper with falling snow and Santa Clauses.
Sam nodded.
"You know, Cas, are you sure you're ready to jump back into all this? I mean, I know I've been dragging you along on cases but, this is angels, man." Dean didn't want to admit it, but he had been more than a little shaken by the violence of the crime scene they had just visited. These were the same angels who had been tracking Cas, who were out for his blood, who wanted to punish him for destroying heaven and use him to find a way to restore their home. Despite the Enochian warding, Dean was nervous bringing Cas so close to the fray. If anything happened to him…
The two men nodded while Jody gaped.
Turning, Dean chased after the distraught angel, catching up with him near the car.
But Cas wasn't finished.
"Why not?"
"My mom used to sing this to me when I was little. It was her favourite song." He sounded wistful
"I hope I didn't wake you." Cas whispered as they made their way slowly to their bedroom.
"And just where is the tablet?" he asked, tone dangerous.
"Dean?" he asked, his eyes seeking out the hunter's.
Sorry I didn't update yesterday, I moved provinces so I'm a little busy and stressed. But here's a new chapter! This is the second half of 9x04 so there will be some familiar dialogue and situations.
"Dean." Cas tried again, shaking his shoulder once more. "Sam has something to tell us."
When they got back, red-faced and panting from their impromptu snowball war, it was to the smell of freshly baked pie, which seemed to banish all remnants of that morning's events with its aroma. Dean yammered on through dinner and dessert about how amazing and awesome it was that he had a boyfriend who would bake pie for him.
"Thanks Dean."
"Really?"
Crowley seemed to show some consideration before shrugging.
Castiel shook his head.
"Of course I do!" She whispered back, "Come on! This is your chance!"
Suddenly, Gabriel's face relaxed into an easy smile.
"You made me a sandwich." he murmured again.
Sam stopped and turned back.
"Oh, okay." Castiel nodded, lowering his hands and watching in fascination as Dean filled the car with gas, before following him into the store and over to the coffee urns.
"No!" Dean turned and held up a hand, his fear shifting seamlessly into anger.
Castiel sighed.
"Dean, listen to me." he sat down again and stared long and hard at his brother. "Cas is an angel who has been alive practically since the dawn of time and yet he looks at you like you are the most amazing, beautiful, interesting thing he's ever seen. He
"And then? They will do nothing because they are frightened little sheep following my crook wherever it leads. And where I'm taking them, back to our rightful place atop this mountain of human shame and excrement, when that happens, trust me, they're not gonna care how they got there.
Cas smiled.
"We met in Moondoor and we've only been going out a few weeks. I just didn't want to tell you while you were still dealing with Dean."
"It's alright Gabe, maybe we can wait until he gets back."
Cas shared a look with Dean who stood, brandishing the angel blade and moving to the wall beside the door, gesturing for Cas to open it.
It was Christmas morning and Kevin and Linda had exchanged gifts with each other and the boys before excusing themselves for some mother son bonding time alone leaving Sam, Dean, and Cas to exchanged their own presents. Dean picked up a rectangular package wrapped in cheery Christmas paper and handed it to his brother.
"Ha, ha. Stop." Dean answered wryly.
"Really? You'll give me the job?"
"That's your 'Big News'?" Sam asked, staring at the page of indecipherable symbols, "That you translated the tablet into…doodles?"
Sam grinned as his brother's smitten look.
Cas rolled his eyes and grabbed hold of the lowest branch, pulling himself up until he sat astride it.
"I have knowledge and resources."
Sam cleared his throat.
Sorry about the wait and about the end (sex scenes are hard to write.)
"The screams." His eyes were glistening when they opened and met Cas'. "The screams of the souls I tortured."
"Dean!" Sam leapt forward and tugged his brother back.
Sam smiled and rolled his eyes but made his way slowly over to the stove, lighting an element and retrieving a pan before turning to the package of bacon on the counter.
"The problem with you, Dean, is the cynicism." Metatron answered back. "Always with the cynicism. But most people, even the real belly crawlers living in filth...Or Brentwood...They don't want to be cynical. They just want something to believe in."
Silence reined as the two brothers stared at each other.
Crowley shushed him and his mother slapped him on the arm.
"You're adorable."
"All right, that's enough. Stop it." Castiel interrupted, sending each of the squabbling brothers hard looks.
"Okay." Kevin said decisively, "You can stay."
"Okay." he agreed, and moved towards the door.
"Why is it exactly that you're calling me?" Benny asked suspiciously, "You already called for Thanksgiving and it's too early for a Christmas greeting, so what is it?"
want to be a leader and yet angels were pledging allegiance to him. Putting their faith in him just as so many had before. And look how that had worked out. He closed his eyes and thought of the slew of empty motel rooms he had occupied; the long hours on the road. As an angel, he was built for solitude, the endless chatter of his brethren in his mind enough to temper any loneliness he may feel. But he had experienced the joy and comfort of lying in Dean's arms, waking up next to him, sharing countless little moments together on the couches in the library or the front seat of the Impala or seated side by side in a diner booth, hands clasped and feet intertwined as they shared a meal with Sam. He
"Constantine." she answered, her voice quivering in fear. "And Tessa."
Dean paused.
"Hey, Buddha."
why you came? What about the whole 'Dad's on a hunting trip and he hasn't been home in a few days' thing?"
Sam nodded at Dean's suggestive shrug.
"It was amazing." he said, voice catching in his throat as he fought to stay in control. His body was still teeming with emotions and he could feel the tears surge. Really? He was going to cry after sex now? Come on, Dean, you've done enough crying over the past few weeks. Get it together.
"Okay." he agreed, wondering as he did so whether or not he would be able to keep that promise.
Cas frowned.
There was a pause during which Sam and Kevin looked like they were desperately trying not to picture how exactly Cas came to know this, while Charlie looked like her smile might snap if it got any wider.
Crowley nodded.
He tugged Dean free of the constricting undergarment and licked a line from the base to the tip, swirling his tongue like he had been taught to do by the internet before taking Dean whole, bearing down and surrounding him with warmth.
"I honestly don't know. The tablet said 'whosoever choses to undertake these tasks should fear not danger nor death' and the tasks were set by God…"
"Come on." Cas chuckled, urging the sleepy Winchester to his feet, Dean rose and immediately snuggled into Cas' side, wrapping an arm around his back and resting his head once again in the crook of his neck. "Thank you Sam, and good night."
"I don't know what to say. What do you say to something like that?"
"Understood." He said in his most passive tone.
The kiss ended and Charlie stepped back, turning to the rest of her siblings, eyes focused on Michael, "So this is Dorothy." She introduced and proceeded to stare him down.
"Shit!" Dean cursed and turned, making for the dungeon, knowing that that was the safest place in the bunker, and was where Crowley was most likely to hole up.
"You are walking." Castiel observed, "Are you feeling better?"
Cas put a hand on his shoulder.
"What?" Dean asked.
So he told himself he didn't care, because if he admitted to that, he knew he'd drown.
Also, I'm trying to flesh out some chapters between now and the end so if anyone has any Destiel scenes that they'd like to see, drop me a line or a review and let me know and I'll see if I can incorporate any of them. I'm thinking of doing christmas and maybe Dean's birthday.
Dean ducked his head and moved away, shrugging out of Bobby's grasp.
"I have never tried eggs. But I did have pancakes at the shelter and I quite enjoyed them."
"You know where she is?"
"Because you were possessed by the souls from purgatory."
Castiel nodded in understanding.
"Yeah, I remember." He lifted his gaze, his blue eyes piercing, "You said I sucked."
Dean watched as Castiel smote every single one of the demons guarding the hospital and when he was finished, he just stood there, unmoving, as Dean and Meg approached from behind.
"He was still my brother, Dean. It was still difficult to see him again and just as difficult to say goodbye." He looked away, tears prickling at the corner of his eyes and Dean felt like shit. "And as for him being dead," he added, "I wouldn't be so sure of that."
"Come on, you have to – it's the rules."
Cas frowned.
He could think of nothing but the heat surrounding him and the sensations raging through him as Castiel did things with his mouth Dean hadn't thought he could even conceive. Cas had always been fairly conservative when it came to sex, probably a combination of eons living as a mostly sexless being coupled with concern for Dean's emotional and mental state.
Sam frowned, but nodded regardless, deciding to leave the subject of Crowley's long dead son un-discussed.
Cas frowned.
Warning: Discussions of rape and mild sexual content
"Well, it's by no means my favourite of the ancient tongues, but yes. Yes I can."
Dean tilted his head forward until it touched Cas'.
Dean shrugged and shook his head.
Castiel nodded.
Castiel looked taken aback at the frankness of Sam's inquiry.
"Poughkeepsie. Got it."
With a moan of agony, Sam hauled Dean to his feet and they began the long trek out of the wreckage of the warehouse.
Who was he kidding, life wasn't like that. Not for Dean Winchester. Castiel wouldn't be coming back, whether or not he succeeded, his grace would still burn out and Dean would be left alone.
"Gabriel?" Cas interrupted, turning his head so he could see his brother from where he lay.
"I didn't say that," he countered, "I said there was, you know, 'room for improvement'."
"Cas and I are together." He said, still not quite able to believe it himself despite having said it out loud.
She glanced down at the blade as it glinted in the light from the bare bulbs and then back up at Dean.
Charlie rolled her eyes and pulled away.
He stared at Sam who shrugged.
“Dean I…I am sorry. For everything.”
"Cas?" he said, his voice still thick from sleep.
“No.” Dean answered, keeping his eyes on the road and refusing to look at his brother and the pitying expression he knew he would see in those eyes, “It never came up.”
"Activated? Really? What am I, a nuclear bomb?"
It seemed to take Dean a few moments to get his bearings and slow his breathing, but eventually he rubbed a hand over his tired eyes.
Dean rolled his eyes.
"Look, I can't pretend that there isn't a part of me that wishes you were dead after everything you've done, after Sarah…" he trailed off at the mention of his dead friend. Sarah whom he had loved and who, in another life, could have been more, "But I thought that in that church we made a deal, to see it through. Forgiveness? Absolution? It is possible."
"All right." came the response, cold and unemotional. "You can give me back to Dean now."
"As what, Castiel?" Ephram asked as he towered above the kneeling mortal, "As an angel? Or a man?"
Cas turned back to Muriel.
"No, I meant that…I'm glad we got the chance to be brothers again, you know?"
Dean nodded.
"Muriel." she introduced. "I didn't pick the outfit…" She trailed off as recognition bloomed in her expression. "Castiel?"
Castiel nodded.
Dean's forehead creased in a frown.
"It's okay." Sam reassured softly, "Cas can take you back, I got this one."
Sam spun around to face his brother. Dean gestured to his side with his head and Sam huffed but leaned back against the car beside Dean.
Cas nodded and watched Dean as he applied toothpaste to the brush, wetting it under the tap before bringing it up to his mouth, copying the hunter's actions.
"Wh– angels." Jody interrupted, "You're joking."
Dean's green eyes rose to meet Bobby's and Bobby was shocked at the depth of pain he saw in them. The shoulder on which his hand rested was rising and falling with Dean's rapidly increasing breaths.
Dean threw Sam's hands off him but stayed facing his younger brother. He brought a hand up to rub at his tired eyes, dark circles evidence of his exhaustion. Sam did not need to be sharing a room with his brother to know that Dean was not sleeping well. Not that his brother ever slept well, but his usual four hours had diminished down to one or two over the past few months and Sam was at the end of his rope. Dean may be a stubborn jackass but Sam was cut from the same cloth as him and he was determined to get Dean to open up about what was bothering him. Even if he had to drag it from him.
This is all I have written so far so updates will slow to about once a week.
"Sorry, Cas." Sam apologized before kicking Dean, who had been staring once again at his partner's wings.
"Really?"
"For several minutes."
"Wow." she commented after pulling away, "you guys got roommates."
"I missed you." He whispered and the angel in his arms smiled and blinked slowly.
"My finger. Pull it."
Cas nodded.
Castiel frowned.
"What do you mean?" the angel asked.
Dean nodded.
Sam nodded, still unsure which way his brother was going to go on this, whether or not it would be a welcome gift.
“Yes.” He confirmed, “Just so long as I’m not around for it.” He turned his head to stare out the window at the passing scenery, ending the conversation.
"No, it wasn't." Sam answered. "Or at least it shouldn't have been. So thanks."
"Dean took care of you a lot when you were a child?"
"Whatever, man." Dean said. "At least he didn't puke."
"Hello Kevin." he greeted.
Blue met green.
"Rough year." He replied cryptically, eyes lingering on Dean for a moment before falling back to their thousand-light-year stare.
Bobby shrugged.
Dean tried thinking about this but it made his head hurt.
"This was much quicker and easier when I had wings." he commented as he stood on the branch and began climbing up the tree, using the flashlight Dean had pulled from the trunk of the Impala to find a suitable branch for their purpose.
"If one of us were to pray for guidance, we may be able to get an angel here who could give us the information we need."
Dean crossed his arms and adopted a strong stance.
Dean gulped at the power he heard in the angel's voice, but the voices inside his head were still louder.
“Maybe
Dean squared his jaw and held out the letter, the name Crowley scrawled in Jody's neat hand on the front.
Sam smiled.
Dean raised an eyebrow.
Fluff is fluffy, angst is angsty.
And that was when it hit. The truth of it. The real, visceral realization that they were dead. His girls were gone. For good. He would never again fall asleep with Amelia in his arms and wake up to the sight of her relaxed in sleep on the pillow beside his. He would never again help Claire with her homework or have her run to his arms when he came home from work, her smile radiant as she wrapped her arms tightly around him. She would never have the chance to grow up. Go to college, fall in love, have adventures, start a family of her own.
Sam shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
Dean felt like his brain had stalled again.
"Sheriff Mills." Crowley greeted in his gruff accent.
Dean was humming as he re-stocked the bar fridge, soft tones mingling with the clinking of glass as he lined up the beer bottles, swiveling them so all the labels were facing the same way, the way Ellen liked them.
Sam and Dean shared a confused look.
Castiel's frown deepened and he replaced the badge, sighing deeply.
"He allowed Lucifer in. He broke God's trust. And he has been in Heaven's most secure prison ever since."
"Hey, Cas, do you need something?"
He shivered and the arms that held him tightened. He smiled. Even in sleep Cas was always mindful of Dean and what Dean needed from him. He owed Cas so much; his life, his happiness, his love. And he was determined to give the angel the same. He had damn well earned it.
"Again?" he asked. Cas frowned, not enjoying the attempt at humour. Dean sighed and glanced around. "So how am I alive?"
And he did. He could see the evidence of tears on Dean's face and he remembered how he himself had grabbed a hold of Dean when he and Bobby had shown up four months after they'd buried his brother.
He looked back down at the wing.
Sam contemplated the words.
Sam hung his head.
"I'm sorry." Sam offered lamely, not knowing what else to say. He added, "I'm glad you told me."
“What the hell do you mean you can’t?”
"And you'll take me to her?"
"What's wrong?" Cas' voice was worried, "Why do you feel like this?"
Dean swallowed and closed his eyes, shaking his head.
"No I should-"
"Weak." He answered in a quiet, rough voice, "Tired. Sore. Thirsty."
Sam frowned at the man and turned to Dean.
"Hey, hey, hey." Dean stopped him, covering the hand that was on his leg with his own. "It's all right, I'm not mad. Although, I think Sam would appreciate if you didn't come to him about the more…physical aspects of our relationship again. But, you shouldn't have had to do that. I should have…talked to you, like I promised, I just... I guess I'm not really very good at this, Cas. I don't…I don't like to talk about how I feel or what's going on with me. I'm just not comfortable with it. But I want to try. For you."
Cas looked up with wonderment on his face.
"You have heard the Beatles right?"
Sam shook his head.
Jody stood and moved to the two boys on the bed, her motherly instincts still active despite having no child to direct them to.
Sam shot him a look that clearly said that that was not an explanation.
Dean glanced up at his brother and then over at the angel whose arms were wrapped around him.
"If you're really not ready, that's fine. I'll respect that. But don't think for one second that I wouldn't want you because you're a little bit broken. I don't care. I like who you are now."
Sam looked at his brother looking at Bobby. He seemed…young. Dean had never looked young to Sam, not even when they were little, and not just because he was older, but because his brother had always been the one to take care of him; the parent, more so than John had ever been. But here and now Sam tried to remember Dean at fifteen. Not the cocky, jaded persona he'd put on to protect himself, but the boy on the verge of becoming a man, alone and confused about an emerging sexuality that he wasn't expecting and didn't understand. Sam remembered his own puberty, the feelings, the desires. Looking at him now, Sam could see that boy shining out through his striking green eyes; the boy he'd always been even when he was clothing and feeding Sam at the age of six or hunting at the age of ten. And he saw the teenager, desperate for some sign that he wasn't totally and completely alone, latching onto the first person to come along who understood, and then having it so violently ripped away from him by the man he trusted the most.
“Did you lose someone? Someone close to you?”
Dean shrugged.
"It was good." Dean sniffed (he was just coming down with a cold was all.)
"You're clever, Theo." Castiel complemented.
Dean shook his head.
As it turned out, Metatron found Dean first and a trade was offered, a plan to trap Metatron was hatched – which did not go quite as planned – and the boys found themselves in the parking lot of the Cedar Lodge in Bishop's Falls, Utah, watching a black car pull up and Castiel step out as Metatron retrieved Gadreel from the trunk of the Impala, erasing the angel warding sigils there with an idle gesture as he did so.
"It's all right."
"Really?"
Dean didn't know how long he had been out and so didn't know if the fact that it only seemed to take a second for Sam was normal or because he didn't have as many years of memories to go through but regardless, within seconds, Sam was opening his eyes with a gasp and, as Castiel pulled his hand back, Dean moved forward.
A collective gasp sounded from the group of women and whispers broke out. Dean could feel his hands shake and his face heat from the confession. He glanced out of the corner of his eyes and saw Sam staring at him in open astonishment and, looking to his other side, Cas with concern colouring his features.
Kevin was less than pleased about having to be in the same room as the former king but nevertheless allowed him access to his notes.
Dean stood stock still as Castiel fought with the memories flooding his mind.
Dean raised his eyebrows but showed no other signs of shock at the unexpected personal information.
"I've explained in detail. I don't know how Metatron's spell worked. Therefore, I can't assist in reversing it. I was an unwitting accomplice."
to tell Dean to look after Sam, he would have done it anyway.
Cas frowned.
"Listen, Cas." Dean said, holding his hands up, "We need to get Vesta here and this is the easiest way of doing it."
Dean clenched his fists, desperate to hear what was being said behind that door. He could feel the want, the desire pumping though him. The unanswered questions about the man he loved demanding to be sated as ferociously as his thirst had demanded to be sated in his first few attempts at getting sober.
"No." he said, disbelief colouring his words. "No Cas, please."
Kevin frowned and took the seat vacated by Cas.
"So…everyone's fair game?"
"Thank you for this," He looked up at Dean, his gaze intense, "for everything."
"Just talk to him okay? Tell him how you feel or I swear Dean I will lock you two in the dungeon until you do."
Sam shifted in the chair.
“Uh uh.” Sam said, shaking his head before pulling his brother’s partner into for a hug. Castiel was rigid and uncomfortable in his arms but thawed slightly and patted him back.
"You're an angel." Cas commented, feeling a jolt of bittersweet elation at seeing one of his brethren after all these months. He gestured for Dean to stand down.
Gabriel shrugged.
"Oh yeah."
"They put their trust in you Dean." his brother reprimanded. "And if you'd just stuck to it, Tessa would still be alive. Without her, we ain't got jack."
Dean stared at him with a look that was half confusion and half horror.
Beneath her signature there was an address and a phone number.
Sam stood for a moment outside Crowley's door before knocking and waiting for permission to enter.
"All right. Well?" He gestured to his wrists and Theo unlocked them.
"Did you want to do what you did, Dean?"
"No," Dorothy said, appearing in the doorway, "she's wounded, we may still have some time, she could still be in the air vents."
Dean listed from side to side on the bed as he struggled to focus his eyes on Sam.
"And there is another." she added. "Some say he works for Metatron. Others say he is working for himself."
"Now isn't the time!" Crowley interrupted, wiping the excess water from his face, "You have a wicked witch running around your precious bunker looking for a key!"
"Yeah, you know, like a nickname."
"I'm scared of you leaving." he admitted finally.
"I liked you, you know? Before the whole trying to kill me thing." She chuckled awkwardly and Crowley bowed his head, a small smile gracing his features. She shook her head, "I don't know. Maybe I'm crazy. You used to be a demon. You were the King of Hell. And from what you've told me, you weren't that great of a human to begin with." Crowley nodded, his stomach tightening, the weight of everything he had done over the past few centuries pressing down on him, "But you're here now. And you've been given a second chance." Her throat constricted as she spoke and her eyes took on a glassy sheen. "I know about second chances. I know how rare and precious and fleeting they are. So I'm not going to beat about the bush."
"What?"
Dean nodded.
"He's eating. What's going on?"
"I love you." he murmured against his lips.
"Don't worry, Cas, I'll knock some sense into my brother."
"Well?" Dean asked, his voice hard. "Will it?"
"You're talking like it has feelings. It's a tree."
to watch it."
"All right." Malachi said evenly. "I leave you in the hands of an artist." he turned and glanced at Theo. "I don't care what's left."
"It's not okay," he said in a voice so soft Sam almost didn't hear it.
"It's just the way I was raised, you know?" he said, trying and failing to keep his voice aloof, "My dad never really had much time for tears. Not from me anyway. I had to be strong, had to keep Sam safe."
Castiel turned and noticed the muscles of Dean’s jaw working to try and hold in the tears that were welling in his brilliant green eyes. He stood still and silent for a moment as he took in the fact that
"So all this guy had to do was write down his dreams?" Kevin asked, "Man why couldn't I have been that kind of prophet."
"Oh." Sam replied, "Good."
Dean shrugged.
"You want to sneak onto the Death Star, take out the emperor?" Sam's tone suggested he didn't think that was a terribly well thought out plan to which Dean shrugged.
Dean drained the last sip from his bottle and glanced over where Cas was getting their round, grinning as he watched him lean against the bar and wave politely to someone, a goofy smile on his face. He turned back, setting the bottle down and playing with the label as he avoided his brother's eyes.
"You know," Jody said once Sam had finished informing Dean, "I'm thinking whatever this thing is, it's not going after virgins, even born-again virgins."
The rumble of hunger from Cas' stomach interrupted said moment.
He looked up and locked eyes with Dean whose left eye was already beginning to swell from Sam's punch and his mouth relaxed into a soft smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel's frown deepened.
"What about Cas?"
“So he told you huh?”
Castiel let out a frustrated sigh.
Anyhoo, hope you enjoy this one, please leave comments, and I will endeavour to update more frequently!
The man who was the spitting image of Castiel.
"Yes." he answered simply.
"It's Enochian." he explained. "I believe it's some sort of riddle. 'Why is six afraid of seven?'"
"What?"
She went back to her place guarding them and spoke no more, shutting out any more pleas Castiel may have thrown at her. Eventually he gave up and silence abounded until Gadreel began to speak.
“Don’t worry about me.” He assured, “I’m not about to fall off the wagon. Not while Cas needs me.”
Dean rolled his eyes.
He trailed off, biting his lip and hoping that what he was about to say wouldn't send his emotionally constipated brother running.
After an engaging conversation about the makeup of the vintage console, Kevin had gone off to continue his translation of the angel tablet and Sam was in the kitchen with Cas teaching him how to make sandwiches. Dean was sitting on the floor against one of the many consoles that lined the walls of the room keeping the hacker company as she geeked out over the computer.
Dean stared at his little brother with his I can't believe you want to have this conversation look.
"What are you looking at?"
He had been going all day, apologizing again and again for the things he had said, insisting he hadn't meant them and pleading for the angel to return. And Cas desperately wanted to fulfill that request.
"No it's not," he growled in frustration as he tried desperately to control himself.
Cas looked up with a cold expression.
"The door to heaven is in a playground?"
Dean sighed and sat back.
Dean scoffed.
"Pull my finger." The angel said, his eyes wide and serious.
His brother jumped at the sound and glanced over at Sam, breathing erratic and on the wrong side of panicking.
"All right, let's head out."
Dean swallowed, getting slowly to his feet, his arms snaking around his torso in a protective gesture that was so different from his usual brash bravado. He nodded.
"What did you do?" Crowley asked.
Up on stage, Dean sighed, clearly tired of discussing the topic but humouring the question nevertheless.
Sam reached the room and stepped inside, lowering Dean down onto the bed.
"Yeah." Dean cheered, "High five!"
And then the feeling was gone and Cas was trudging quietly over to him.
After a forty-five minute drive back to Lawrence during which time Dean blasted classic rock and he and Sam bickered like an old married couple about what constituted good music, Sam and Sarah unpacked in the once again empty spare room before the four of them made their way to the Roadhouse where Sam and Sarah greeted Ellen and Jo and the four of them huddled into one of the booths, Sam and Sarah on one side and Dean and Cas on the other.
"You ran? Why?"
Dean could feel it. Everything. All the emotional crap that he'd spent his life pushing down wanting to rise up and spill out in a tidal wave of…feelings.
"And last night. When we…"
Sam looked up, eyebrows raised.
"What?" The words were laced with venom as he spat them out. He sighed, pain replacing the anger in his face. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry Cas."
Cas glanced at him and looked away.
"I do not understand." He said.
"Yeah." he smiled. "That way I can do this." He leaned over and pressed his lips to the partially exposed collarbone, feeling Castiel's hand come up to tangle in his hair as he kissed his way up the angel's neck, stopping at his mouth and planting a sweet kiss on his soft lips.
Dean shifted in his folded chair as the hot blond 'Suzie' started the meeting with a prayer for the missing members. Cas immediately closed his eyes and bowed his head along with the rest of the group and, a second later, so did Sam. Dean stared intently at Suzie. There was something…familiar about her. He cocked his head, wracking his brain when Sam's gaze out of the corner of his eyes distracted him and he looked over. His brother glared and looked pointedly at Cas who sat on his other side and Dean nodded, closing his eyes and bowing his head. It's not as though he'd been checking her out, there was just…something.
"So? I've never had powers."
The thug slammed another fist into Dean's face, and Dean groaned as he felt a tooth come loose. He spat out a mouthful of the metallic blood that pooled in his mouth as Cas yelled from his chained position above him.
"I was created before the concept of days had been invented."
"Are you okay? You sound hurt."
Castiel's frown deepened and his head tilted in that particular way it tended to when he was trying to figure something out. Then his eyes went wide and locked onto Dean's.
Sarah smiled, returning the embrace.
“If you remember, you know you did the best you could at the time.”
McCormick Place sprawled out along the edge of the lake and it was swarming with people in all manner of dress, costumes ranging from extravagant to borderline inappropriate, and converging on the convention centre and Castiel stared out in wonder.
"Don't worry." he assured, carding his fingers through Cas' soft, dark hair, which Cas practically purred at. "Sam's on his way with coffee."
Dean nodded, still trying to catch his breath.
"Does Dean know this?"
Dean looked back and forth between the two of them.
That was why he was leaving Cas behind. Because it was too hard, too painful to see the shell of the angel who had been his friend, his saviour, literally, reduced to an unresponsive empty vessel.
He stretched out a hand and Castiel's brow was bathed in blue light as it passed over.
Silence reigned for an awkward moment.
, past, present, or future that I would put in front of you! It has never been like that, ever! I need you to see that. I'm begging you."
The crowd chuckled and another question was asked.
Really, Dean ought to have stopped Cas at two beers but the man had managed to get hold of a bar menu, and was curious about all the different mixed drinks and their outrageous names, and if he was going to be human, then he really ought to know about these things. So Dean ordered Cas a strawberry Daiquiri, and by the time it arrived, the three men were beginning to attract the attention of a group of girls sitting a few tables away, one of whom eventually got up the courage to come over.
The words echoed in his mind, drowning out the last of the visions of hell and his father. He couldn't even remember who he was really. Only that he was Dean Winchester and he was loved.
Dean deliberated before coming to a decision. He'd already barreled past the point of no return last night when he'd dragged the man back here and given him his spare bed, may as well go the whole hog.
If Cas was an angel again – as the foreign limb most definitely suggested – then why was he sleeping?
"Where is he!?"
Bobby grunted and slung an arm around his shoulders, pulling him close.
"But my dad still held out longer."
Castiel, hissed as Dean came upon a particularly dark patch.
Sam felt his frustration growing again.
According to the girl's statement, Metatron had settled in a homeless camp where the new messiah had already amassed several disciples of his own. They tried to stop him entering the abandoned warehouse that was now serving as 'Marv's' headquarters and really, it was all feeling a little too much like a modern adaptation of Jesus Christ Superstar and honestly his rope was a little short and frayed.
Dean looked up with fearful green eyes.
"No, no one's answering."
Sam swallowed. It didn't matter how he felt. All that mattered was helping Dean.
"You know, we could use a dishwasher at the Roadhouse. I know it's not terribly glamorous or exciting work but…" Dean trailed off with a careless shrug.
Cas didn't look entirely convinced so Dean pulled him forward into a hug and began stroking his fingers through the soft down of his wing. Cas buried his face in the crook of Dean's neck, marvelling at the comfort such contact provoked.
Sam frowned.
Across the kitchen, Sam looked up.
He glanced over at the man lying next to him, his face relaxed in sleep, arm thrown carelessly over Dean's torso.
"What was the sensation?" Dean asked softly, at once both afraid and excited to hear the answer.
Dean held out the coat to Cas like a superhero’s uniform. Cas stared, fingering the folded material before looking up at Dean.
"Is that what that was? Anyway, then suddenly I could see your wings."
Crowley paused and then nodded.
"Yeah." Sam replied, "It happens to us on occasion."
Love and affection trickled through the long distance of the connection and Dean found himself unable to stop the grin that bloomed on his face.
"Angus Young." He said in a thin, trembling voice.
He sighed and pushed the feeling down and away.
They stood in the dark and silence, panting.
"Haunted barn." Dean said by way of explanation, "Got thrown into a bunch of farming equipment and cut myself bad enough to need stitches."
Cas looked unsure.
Gabriel shrugged.
"Am not."
"Hey Castiel." His relieved tone of voice told Dean that his brother was thinking along very similar lines to Dean.
Cheesy ending is cheesy, but sweet. Anyhoo, I hope you liked my little fic! Let me know in comments how I did :)
"No, I love him." he opened the cage and lifted the creature out, setting the cage on the floor and stoking his fingers through the dark fur.
"Dupe or mastermind, you were inside the circle. You know where Metatron's weakness lies."
Kevin ceased fighting and collapsed, exhausted on the ground. His elbows rested on his bended knees, his hands hiding his face as they settled in for a long wait.
"Seriously did you—did he just say that?"
He could hear Sam roll his eyes over the phone.
Castiel seemed to consider this dilemma intently as he idly chewed his burger. Dean considered trying to explain it to him but found he couldn't come up with any plausible reason.
"Yes."
"I'm guessing that she and whoever she's running with killed Boyle's bikers at the bar and then more of Boyle's boys hit her back."
"Are you sure you want this Cas?"
Cas' eyebrows rose.
"Well, try not to sound too ecstatic."
Cas smiled and blushed.
Sam chuckled. "Yeah Dean, I'll take care of you."
This was more like the way Ellen used to hug him, and the way his mom had; wrapping him in maternal warmth that made him feel safe and secure and loved, no matter how old he might be. He did not cry, just wrapped his arms around her and buried his head in her shoulder. He could almost imagine the smell of apple pie and freshly baked bread and the floral perfume that his mother used to wear. The one that came from the fancy bottle that had sat on the bathroom counter.
Finally, the sound of footsteps on metal stairs sounded and Cas ceased his incessant knocking.
"What did he whisper in her ear?" he wondered as he scrolled back the footage and rewatched the miraculous healing.
"You okay Sammy?" he asked softly.
"The case took seven months to go to trial. Seven months of waking up every morning with the prospect of having to face another day without them. And sometimes, in that time between sleeping and waking, just for a moment, you don't remember. You don't remember what happened, you don't remember who you lost, and everything is fine. And then it hits you, the memory and it's like…it's like it's happened all over again; the pain, the loss, the grief. It all comes flooding back and you feel like you're drowning in it. And you honestly can't imagine a scenario in which you could ever be happy again. Seven months of pitying looks. Of people tiptoeing around you like you're a bomb set to go off. Spouting out comforting words and empty platitudes that mean nothing.
"Well, I mean…all the women you've been with. Was that just…overcompensating or are you actually attracted to women and men?"
"Dean." he said, enouncing the name carefully, his voice low and gravelly like it had been the first time they'd met.
"Said I don't want to talk about it." Dean repeated, stopping and turning.
Sam shook his head.
Dusk fell as Sam checked for any other ways into the warehouse and by the time he got back to the angel at the front door, it was dark.
Anything else he might have said was cut off as he disappeared in a rush of blinding light. When it dimmed, Crowley turned to see Kevin with his bloody hand pressed to a hastily drawn angel-banishing sigil on the column behind him.
"What did he want?" Castiel asked from his position in the doorway, unable to enter the angel-proofed room.
Dean nodded. "Yeah, thanks."
"What do you mean Cas is gone?"
Also, If you haven't already heard, I have a new story called Let Me See You Smile. It's Destiel AU and you can find it on my profile page.
"Okay," Sam said, "so we have missing church folk and super-strength." he looked over at Dean and Cas, "Maybe angels harvesting vessels? Could be that Buddy Boyle guy?"
"You bought me a camera?"
Dean looked up at his brother.
Castiel's eyes widened.
Cas opened his eyes and shook his head, taking a deep breath.
Cas frowned and Dean sighed, shifting up so he was resting against the headboard.
was a nightmare.
Jody came for Christmas dinner bearing sweaters for everyone and an apple pie for which Dean gave her a kiss on the cheek. Introductions were made between her and the Trans, and then Cas had to proudly bring out his new pet, grinning like an idiot down at the small furry creature, which in turn also caused Dean to grin like an idiot. In fact, Sam and Dean had been grinning like idiots all day after Cas' not so little gift that morning.
"What have you two geeks been up to?"
"Do you trust me Dean to always tell you the honest to god truth?"
It hurt so much, the tightness in his chest and the emptiness in his heart and the nausea in his stomach (although that may have had something to do with the hangover).
"Virtue is its own punishment." Malachi preached as Theo moved closer and closer.
Dean woke abruptly, snapping from sleeping to waking with no transition in between, a habit borne from a lifetime of being on guard. He felt rested, more rested than he could ever remember feeling before.
It was wrong. He could feel it in his bones. He wasn't meant to be sitting on the sidelines, twiddling his thumbs. He was Dean Winchester, he was meant to be in the fray, battling it out against the bad guys, horribly outnumbered and outmatched but still doing everything in his limited power to help.
Dean's expression seemed to indicate that a non-evil Crowley was seriously messing with his fundamental view of the world.
"Not if you can't prove it."
"I have my ways." Charlie winked, setting off around the side of the building and pulling out her phone.
"I do not think he is entirely mentally stable. He seems to fancy himself as some kind of hero who required a villain, an antagonist. And apparently he wants it to be me."
"Well, I guess it doesn't much matter now if one more person knows." he said softly. He turned to Jody. "I may or may not have blabbed to the entire purity group about how my dad…sexually abused me when I was a teenager."
"That time didn't count. I was dying." Dean threw back.
He frowned in concentration and the table held its collective breath as all present waited for the angel to choose a name.
The three burst in and narrowly missed being hacked to bits by the former demon, who was brandishing one of the swords from the library.
"Good times." He nodded. "Here's the deal. I like you, Tess, okay? For an angel. But tell me, why are you doing this?"
"I don't know. After dad…" Dean stopped and cleared his throat, "I was really confused. Scared." His gaze dropped to his hands where they began shredding the paper napkin, "I kept having all these…feelings for guys. I didn't know what to do. It made me angry."
Dean let out a sigh of relief.
"Dad cared."
Dean's hand moved from Sam's shoulder to his face and their eyes met.
Sam paused, and in the silence, Crowley nodded resignedly.
She turned and caught sight of Castiel standing awkwardly at the register.
"What I did was neither good nor bad." Metatron defended. "It was necessary. A small hardship to make us all stronger, to make us a family again."
"Brilliant deduction." Crowley shot back, "You're a regular Sherlock Holmes you are."
Dean and Cas sat in the church for a long time while Castiel contemplated the woman’s words and his own shattered devotion.
Cas smiled and shook his head.
be coming back." And with that he turned and strode to the staircase, ascending it without looking back. "And don't bother praying!" he added. "No one will be listening!"
“I’d like to have a moment alone please.”
Dean heard Castiel sigh.
"Dean." Sam said softly, standing slowly, "It's alright."
Sam looked up at the angel's cry, his face blotchy from tears.
"As a human, I had to eat constantly. It was rather annoying. But I enjoyed the taste of food. Especially your PB&Js." he smiled at Dean and Dean, to his mortification, found himself blushing at the praise and accompanying rush of emotion from the angel.
"No." she answered back, Dean's own attitude thrown back at him. "Can I go? I have lives to save."
Sam glanced up to see Gadreel frowning in growing interest at Dean's supposed connection with Cas, and then ushered his brother out of earshot of the angel and sat him down.
"Four people exploded, and I mean vaporized." He said moving to the bathroom, not having been able to bathe between arriving at the motel from their fourteen-hour car ride and showing up at the scene.
Castiel wound through the halls of the bunker until he reached the door, knocking lightly and calling out to the occupant.
Castiel shifted, turning on his side where his head was pillowed on Dean's chest and planted a few light kisses across the expanse of hairless skin and over the dark ink of the tattoo that sat over his heart.
He deserved to know the truth. And for the first time, Castiel felt ready to give it to him.
Dean cursed under his breath. It would take at least a day of straight driving to get there.
"What?"
"But are you sure you don't want anything? I could make something real quick, peanut butter and jelly. Grape jelly, not jam because I know you find it unsettling or whatever."
"What's this?" he asked, fingers skimming lightly over the dark symbols etched in ink.
Castiel blinked, and a slow smile spread across his face.
Castiel looked wistful.
"Then you want to apply shaving cream."
Dean was left reeling at Castiel's frank description of angel life.
"Good." Dean grinned, feeling secondhand giddiness from the positive emotions pouring through the connection as the angel focused on his newly acquired pet.
“Day or night.” Dean finished, “Yeah I know. Thanks.”
"He was the angel tasked with protecting the garden to ensure no evil entered."
"Thas my job though. Gotta t'ke care o' you. Gotta m'ke sure yer safe."
Dean picked one up at random and read the title.
"I will listen to anything you have to say, Dean."
"I was not referring to the reference, Crowley."
He did the same to Kevin whom he found a few hallways later. The little blighter put up more of a fight than his mother but eventually Crowley got them into the safety of the dungeon.
Dean looked up into his brother's eyes.
"Sorry." He said quietly, turning and stalking toward the cabin.
"Well, well, well. The original chump. Look who's been let out of his cage."
Sam felt like throwing up. He had never gotten along well with his father but never would he have thought the man capable of this. Hesitantly he reached out a hand to rest on Dean's shoulder. His brother stiffened but did not throw him off.
The stared at each other for a moment before Cas nodded resignedly.
"You're alive, and that's what matters." she said. She turned her gaze up to Crowley. "Thank you for protecting us. Again."
"Yeah I remember and I was an ass to say that because you're not useless. Yeah you may not have your mojo anymore but you've still got all that knowledge floating around in your noggin, that's gotta be worth something and besides you have no idea how much you've helped me just by being here. You are not your grace or your strength or your healing powers. You are you, and that's all you need to be. That's all I want you to be." He sighed, taking the coat from Castiel, "Look, I'm sorry for buying this all right? I'll take it back tomorrow."
"Have you tried Crowley or Linda? Maybe he just fell asleep."
"And in English that would mean…?"
"That thing that you became. That wasn't you."
His ringing phone interrupted his thoughts and he didn't even bother to check who it was as he tapped the screen to answer.
"Well, a deal is a deal."
Dean made a grab for the boneless drunk, hoisting him back up against the car and holding him with one hand as the other unlocked the door.
"Dean, listen to me." Cas said, taking the hunter's face in both hands and forcing their gazes to meet. "There is nothing you have done that is unforgivable. Nothing."
Castiel watched as Dean poured cream into his coffee and then picked it up, stirring it with a wooden swizzle stick as he blew on the hot beverage, and mimicked his every move. Dean lifted the stick out of his coffee and drew it across his tongue to divest it of any excess liquid in a move that entranced Castiel and sent strange shoots of heat through his body. Then Dean turned to the trashcan and aimed, tossing it and watching it sail through the air before it landed silently in the receptacle.
"Come on." he said, on the verge of begging.
Dean looked up at the now-human angel.
A laugh rumbled out of the drowsy hunter.
were the righteous man. That was why your parents were matched. Why Azazel poisoned your brother. Why we were dispatched when
"Yeah." She nodded taking Dorothy's hand, "I mean, we still have a ways to go. There's still a lot of objection and homophobia but it's not taboo anymore. Gay people can even get married, in some states."
She nodded.
"Thanks, Sammy."
"Well what are we waiting for?" Charlie asked, cocking her gun.
Dean grinned and turned around, pressing play and allowing the mixed CD to continue, while he moved to continue his task, determined that Cas would grow to love the Beatles as he should under Dean's patient tutoring.
There was a pause.
She rolled her eyes.
"And you think I care?"
Warning for references to sexual abuse.
As Dean watched Cas walk away from him, he felt his gut twist.
"Can't." he confirmed.
He placed his hand on the wound which was still trickling blood and poured the remainder of his grace into him. Slowly, he healed the extensive damage, lungs sealing, muscles reforming. The bruises on his face faded, the crushed wrist reformed, the blood dissipating and Castiel pressed a kiss to his temple as Dean sucked in a breath and his green eyes blinked open.
"Wait." Cas said, standing and grabbing Dean's coat. "I will come with you."
“Now, I can’t possibly fix it…So why did I even walk out of that river?”
Mary shhed and cooed and bounced the crying baby as she moved around the room. She checked him and tried to feed him but he kept on crying. Finally she sat down in the rocking chair in the corner and began to sing.
"Shut up."
"How are you not dead?" Dorothy asked.
Gabriel rolled his eyes.
"Was I not supposed to?" he asked, "I didn't mean to upset you, I just didn't-"
Bobby shook his head and adjusted the ever-present baseball cap.
"Yeah, you think I don't know that? You think I wanted that to happen?"
Dean raised his eyebrow in a silent command to go on.
Sam frowned and nodded.
Sam nodded.
Dean cleared his throat. "I stayed in the hospital for a week under suicide watch before I skipped out."
Dean smiled and clapped him on the back so he assumed he’d passed some sort of test.
"Someone wrote books about you guys?!"
"We just…do."
Cas frowned.
"I'm proud of us." he whispered and then his eyes closed and his body slumped, boneless, into Sam's grasp.
"Yeah, more or less. It was a farm, and the guy who ran it, Sonny, he uh, you know, looked after me."
Dean had nearly choked to death over that innocuous little question and Sam had had to pound pretty hard on his brother's back to restore regular breathing.
"I checked all the windows and doors. No luck. What about you? You find anything?"
"Anything else?"
Dean chucked.
"My dad was…he was a good person, and a good father, but my mom's death hit him hard and he never fully recovered. He was obsessive and angry and when he drank…" Dean let out a long, resigned breath, "Let's just say he wasn't fun to be around."
"Eventually I called him, asking him to send money. He'd only paid up to the end of the month and already it was a week into December and the landlord was getting angry. Dad told me I should get it myself. That I needed to start acting like a man. Pulling my weight. I asked him how he expected me to get the money when I was still underage, and he said…he said I had pretty mouth and an appetite to match so maybe I should put it to good use.
"De'n?" he mumbled, "Wha' 'appened?"
Cas sighed and looked pensive.
"Is this another 'Rules according to Dean Winchester'?" He asked, bringing his fingers up in air-quotes to punctuate his words.
"Only works when we're close by. And even then it takes some effort. With him this far away I can barely feel him, let alone hear what he's thinking."
"Well, I have the angel tablet. If anyone's going to figure out how to do that it's us."
"Yeah, yeah, definitely." Dean agreed.
Dean continued stroking gently and Cas leaned his head forwards to rest on Dean's shoulder, crowding in. Dean moved up the limb, petting his fingers over the soft down that covered the join where the limb met Cas' shoulder blade. As his fingers buried into the feathers, Cas let out a sound that was part moan and part purr, and nuzzled his face into the crook of Dean neck.
"You got names?"
"Why are you so interested now all of a sudden?" Dean asked.
Once they were in Dean's apartment, and more specifically the spare room that was also Sam's whenever he came to visit, Dean let the guy drop onto the bed and, after a moment's deliberation, divested him of his trench coat and shoes. Then he retrieved the wastepaper basket and set it beside the bed, a glass of water and a bottle of aspirin went on the nightstand. And then he stood and stared and wondered what the hell he'd just done.
"Thank you, for everything, Dean."
"I'm unsure."
They stood in the garage, Charlie humming with excitement at the prospect of going on a journey to Oz with Dorothy.
"No, you know what? Fine! You wanna leave?! Fucking leave! See if I care!"
He sighed.
to hear the vitriolic words spew from the mouth of the man he loved.
"Castiel." She answered, as though that made any kind of sense.
But Dean couldn't accept it because it still hurt too damn much. Why was it always the people he loved who ended up hurting him the most?
He stood with Castiel in the corner of Sam’s room. Sam looked, if it was even possible, worse than he had when Dean had left.
"Right." he said, standing and abandoning his chore, moving over to the sound system and rifling through the pages of CD's in the case that sat next to the old stereo. He flipped through them until he found what he was looking for, put the disc in the player, skipped to the track he was looking for, and pressed play. He backed up, leaning against the inner bar beside Castiel as Paul McCartney's voice sounded from the speakers:
Dean let out a sleepy moan and he shifted in his supine position on the couch.
Malachi didn't take his eyes off her as he let out a soft laugh.
"Yeah, I know 'em, got transferred here 'bout three months back. Why?"
Castiel reached Dean, and Sam moved aside as the angel caught the limp body, cradling his face as he stroked across the bloodstained skin.
you here!"
"What are you-?"
Cas frowned.
His throat closed off as he felt Dean's still-warm skin. He could feel what was left of his grace burning away inside him. Leaving him day by day. He didn't know how much he had left or indeed, if he had enough to pull Dean's soul back into his body and knit his flesh back together, especially from a wound made by an angel blade, which, while not as devastating as it was for an angel, still took effort to heal. But there was no question. Because this was Dean and he would give every last ounce of grace for him.
"Dean."
Dean let out a humorless laugh.
"What?" Dean asked.
“If it feels right then it’s not too soon.” She said softly.
Feeling eyes watching him, Dean turned to find Sam leaning against the stove.
He took a deep, sated breath in and cast his gaze to the two massive wings that he could still see protruding from the angel's back. He still couldn't quite believe they were there. Dean knew Cas had wings of course, he'd seen the evidence that first night in the barn in Cas' display of his heavenly origin and again every time he popped in and out of his life without a word. But seeing them here, now, so real and vivid and close enough to touch…
Bobby could see Dean's hands shaking and clutching the bottle of beer until they were white. He shot up suddenly, pacing back and forth erratically.
He nodded.
"Wait." Dean interjected, "You've been alive this whole time?"
"Hey Cas." He murmured, swiping at his eye – he was
Cas nodded.
"What about Cas, Dean? You guys have got each other. What do you think this is going to do to him?"
"But one day we will." The fallen angel said.
"How could I forget?" Dean commented as he settled his head against Cas' chest, the angel sitting against the headboard. "You barely flinched at the rock salt rounds Bobby and I shot at you. You made the lights go haywire. You were the least human thing I'd ever seen."
"I think you instinctively trust me." Cas reasoned. "We're similar. We both want nothing to do with the fanatics."
"You said you felt at peace. How do you feel now that that has been taken away from you?"
She nodded knowingly.
"Oh." Castiel's eyebrows rose in interest. "Actually, that would be very helpful."
"You'll see." he said, gathering the man in his arms; trying to extend some comfort to the frightened and confused fallen angel who was asking questions Dean didn't have the answers to.
Cas shook his head.
"If angels are slaughtering one another I have to do what I can to help, Dean." he said emphatically. "I can't just sit idly by no matter how scared I may be. This is partly my fault and it's a risk I should be willing to take to help my brothers."
"Really?" Dean asked.
"They are grouping into factions, warring amongst themselves." Cas said, raising his face and resting his chin on his clasped hands. "It is as I had feared."
"We worked together at the hospital. He was a joy. Bright, full of life."
Cas sat, wincing as his ribs protested at the movement, his mouth curving upwards at the sight of the food.
Sam looked up with a frown.
"After we talked this place went nuts all right? There was some alarm and all the machines were freaking out and the bunker just locked down! I couldn't open the door, my cell phone stopped working! I thought the world was ending."
"Hear what?"
"I'm not going to let this go."
Dean sighed and began to pack away the kit.
"I just kissed you Dean."
"We would be grateful for your assistance."
"I missed you too." His voice was soft and weak.
"Hello?" he answered, hoping it would be some good news. He was not disappointed when his brother's voice sounded down the line.
Cas shook head and stood, slipping his hand into Dean’s and followed him out onto the dance floor, moving in close and resting one hand on his shoulder, the other clasped in Dean’s as the horn section started off
Castiel frowned.
Dean sighed and shifted.
Cas pushed him back gently.
"You know, you did help before. A lot. You even saved our asses a few times."
Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes.
He was numb.
"All right." Dean said, finishing off his beer and standing, "It's time to get you to bed before I have to pour you into the car."
He had failed. Failed in every way imaginable. He should never have let Sam do the trials. It should have been him. Dean buried his face in his brother's hair, not caring that he had an audience to his breakdown. Sam was dead. Nothing else mattered.
Dean." His brother insisted.
She shuddered under him, terror evident in her eyes.
Cas looked up.
Sam cleared his throat and shifted awkwardly.
Dean sat and nodded.
Suddenly the door flew inwards, splinters of wood flying as the lock was ripped out of the frame. Dean sprung into action, charging the thug who stepped through, but the big guy caught him in a headlock and squeezed tight until he went limp. Cas made a move for the blade and came up with it at the ready, but he was no match for Malachi's bodyguard and he too lost consciousness.
"Do you want to talk about it?" Sam said, knowing that those were seven words that Dean loathed more than anything.
"How?" he asked, his voice almost inaudible as Dean reached to turn the light off.
"You remember when we were living in Ohio? In '94? I was fifteen, you were twelve?"
Disclaimer: None of the dialogue is mine. I took it directly from the episode apart from one line so the dialogue isn’t mine, just the sub-text.
"I expended a great deal of my grace yesterday and the warding here is keeping me from re-charging as quickly as I would like. Besides," he added, moving in closer to Dean's embrace, "I missed sleeping with you in my arms." He pressed a soft kiss to Dean's lips.
"Yeah, but eating's not only about need, it's about enjoying the taste. Besides, you love my PB&Js."
"First of all, her death wasn't your doing. Second of all, even if she'd lived there's no guarantee things would have turned out for the better. Maybe Mom and Dad's marriage would have broken up. Maybe he would still have become the bitter, obsessive, drunk he turned into. Maybe he still would have walked in on me macking on some guy. Except I wouldn't have had my little brother to turn to. Then where would I be?"
"But I thought the spell was irreversible. That's what the tablet said right?"
“Everyone’s grief takes a different path. It takes longer for some than others. Doesn’t make you wrong or bad. You just gotta do what you gotta do. What feels right.”
"See, why can't I meet a nice guy like that?" she asked herself. She watched as he walked to a shiny black car where another man had just finished on the phone. They shared a quick kiss before getting in and pulling out onto the road. Nora sighed wistfully, "That's why."
He turned a few corners and found himself in the church kitchen, a shaking hand held to his mouth as tears burned in his eyes. He spun around at the sound of the door opening behind him and came face to face with Castiel, whose brow was furrowed with concern. He moved forward slowly, a comforting hand coming out to rest on Dean's upper arm. He didn't say anything, just rubbed his thumb lightly over the fabric of Dean's shirt, and Dean squeezed his eyes shut and crowded into Cas' space, seeking comfort, which the former angel was more than willing to give. Dean cried silent tears into Cas' shirt, the only sound the occasional sniffle, and Cas rubbed Dean's back as they rode out the wave of melancholy together.
“Because of me!” Dean started at the anger and pain in the angel’s voice, “Everything, all these people. I shouldn’t be here.”
Dean started at the unexpected touch but soon relaxed when he realized who it was. He abandoned the batter and moved his hands to cover Castiel's leaning back into the warm, solid body behind him. He chuckled.
Dean moaned.
"Because Cas suggested it and you're whipped."
Dean shook his head.
Dean glanced at Sam whose expression had hardened somewhat at the mention of the trickster who still caused him nightmares about Dean's many, many deaths.
Sam smirked.
"I was an angel when I said that Dean. Life meant something very different to me then. As did death."
Castiel stood.
"If you squeeze any harder I'm going to die again."
"Okay."
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother who, despite his dislike of all things touchy feely, was honestly one of the world’s biggest romantic mush balls.
Crowley huffed out a laugh.
"Remember when we were kids that spring in upstate New York? Dad was on a rugaru hunt. We uh…we crashed at the, uh…the bungalow colony with the ping-pong table?"
A throat clearing separated them and they glanced towards the sound, spying Crowley standing at the end of the corridor, a suggestive eyebrow raised.
"I'm not pining!" he barked as he strode out of the room to pack a bag.
Dean felt a warm glow start deep in his chest as he stared at the tree and he slung an arm around Castiel's shoulders and pulled him in close.
Dean was calm, content. The quick smile that Sam remembered from childhood which had been slowly fading over the years was back, as was his laugh. His eyes were brighter and held none of the world-weary exhaustion that had been present since his resurrection at Castiel's hand, and further amplified by the harsh year spent fighting for his life in purgatory. He had also been drinking less; no longer putting away a bottle of whiskey a night and Sam found himself affected by his brother's new, more relaxed attitude. It was true that Sam hadn't been particularly receptive to the idea of the bunker as their home, but recently he had begun to settle in. He had even decorated his room, hanging up the few photos he had of the two of them.
Sorry this is so late, I was a little blocked on this chapter so I went and wrote some other stuff instead. But here we are. Hope you like :)
"Dean, Cas was deliriously happy being here with you. There is no way he's better off without you. No more than you're better off without him.
Dean smiled.
As he stroked his fingers and thumb lightly up Dean's arm, he could feel the heat of the body pressed up against him. He could feel the life-giving breath as it rushed in and out of his lungs. The arms that he had wrapped around Dean tightened on their own accord and his oft-repeated promise to Dean came back to him.
“Honestly,” he said, “I really just want a stiff drink.”
Cas considered the question before nodding.
"What?"
How naïve he had been.
"Okay, so you're telling me that Metatron set you up, arranged those suicide bombers to make himself look like the victim."
"Enochian wards. To keep me hidden from the angels."
Dean threw the book down and muttered, "Nerd." before flopping down in one of the chairs that circled the library desk, and rested his head on his fist.
"Please come back. I love you."
She stepped back and eyed the blue-eyed man not dressed as a fed. He was standing far closer to Dean than she'd ever have thought Dean would be comfortable with. Not that she knew the boys that well, but Dean did have a certain…'image' that he put forward and this didn't really compute with that.
Dean stared at him with his mouth agape, lost for words that anyone could reach middle age without having heard the Beatles.
"I've got it. Thank you Dean."
"Am I a good b'yfrien'? 'S that even what we are? 'M very new to this, so I'm not sure."
Dean started. He hadn’t realized how unlike Castiel Emmanuel had been until that moment and Dean was hit with an overwhelming feeling of relief that the angel was finally back followed by sorrow at the immeasurable amount of pain he could see in the angel’s eyes.
Castiel still had not been able to tell Dean anything else about his past. Dean had asked a few times but not in a pushy way and each time Castiel had wondered if he was ready, only to find his breath quickening and his throat closing up. Those times usually ended with Dean holding Cas and rubbing his back as the other man fought to keep his breathing steady and the tears at bay. Still, Dean did not push and Castiel found himself staring at times in wonder at how lucky he was to have found such a good man.
Sam rolled his eyes. Yep, definitely whipped.
Cas took a moment to process Dean's non sequitur before responding.
"Why didn't you tell me, Cas?"
Castiel nodded, staring hypnotically into his mug.
"Thanks Sammy." He whispered, "I love it."
Jody cocked her head.
Castiel could not fix Sam.
"How long have you been sober?"
Cas' secret is going to be revealed soon so just hang on!
"And?"
"Cas." he whispered softly.
"Welcome to the club."
His heart ached but he shoved the feeling down. He should be grateful for the time he'd spent with the angel, not lamenting the fact that it was all over. Hell, he should be grateful it happened at all, it's not like he had deserved any of it. The universe had granted him a short reprieve from his hellish life and now it was over. Dean Winchester was miserable and alone. All was once again right with the world.
"How?"
"Move to the other side of your cell, Castiel, and keep your head down."
"Hey, hey boy it's alright."
"But why?" It came out almost as a whisper and it broke Cas' heart to hear Dean so confused and insecure.
Ephram cocked his head and frowned as though he was surprised Castiel didn't already know.
"Looks like you've got mostly bruised, a few broken ribs. They'll take about a month to heal and you may have some trouble breathing in the meantime but you'll be fine." He moved over to check the wound on his upper arm.
"Why?" she asked. "What was the reason?"
Words could not describe how much he hated being asked that question, especially by Sam, because he of all people ought to know that no, Dean was not 'okay'. Dean hadn't been 'okay' in years, decades. The last time Dean had truly been okay, his mother had been tucking him in, singing Hey Jude, and telling him that angels were watching over him.
"Where are you?" Dean asked.
He was an idiot.
"Hell, apart from Sam and I and Jo and Ellen, none of us are actually related, but we're still family. After all, as Bobby's so fond of saying, 'family don't end in blood'."
"Don't you ever do that again you hear?" he whispered.
"What the fuck?" Dean breathed as Castiel continued to wail, his body folding in on itself, and Dean pulled him in, wrapping his arms around the devastated man as he looked up at Gabriel.
"Well, you ah, finished the trial and then died."
Dean frowned.
"He murdered Tessa." she explained. "He broke our rules."
Ummmm...sorry?
"You okay?" he asked his brother.
"Brian." he proclaimed finally and glanced up to find confused expressions all around.
"What are you talking about? Of course you are."
Green eyes met golden.
Cas smiled.
"Yeah." Dean answered, standing his ground. Despite the fact that the guy was half a foot shorter than him, he exuded power in a way that told Dean, despite his life of crime fighting, this Gabriel could do him some serious harm if he wanted to.
"We should follow the original plan and track down this Gadreel guy."
Dean's hand was over his mouth, and he was shaking, his eyes suspiciously moist. "Sorry, could you repeat the question?" He asked once he'd gotten himself back under some manner of control.
A thought seemed to occur to Dean.
Cas smiled and turned, raising his hand.
There was a chorus of 'awwws' from the women.
"Your father?"
"Really?" he asked incredulously.
Yes. With this man, he could.
He shook his head and tried to pull further away but Cas had him in a gentle but firm grip that would not allow him to go any further.
"I should have grabbed them. I'm supposed to protect them."
In answer, the sheriff brought him over to one of the computers and hit play on an already loaded video file. As it turned out he was the 'Reverend Buddy Boyle', a charismatic evangelical preacher with his own 'Going for Glory hour'.
"You know whatever's going on with me, you can always tell me things. I'm never going to hold your happiness against you just because I'm miserable."
Dean did not cry.
She stopped in front of Castiel's cell.
Sam opened the door and folded his over-sized frame into the passenger seat.
"Because you're my brother, and I love you."
"Yeah." he gasped breathlessly, looking at Cas.
Dean didn't answer, just sat petulantly silent beside the angel.
"Did he hit you?"
Echoing in the derelict church and the sky outside the blown out windows was lit with thousands of glowing balls of light falling to the ground like meteors.
Bonny nodded.
Gabriel glanced up, for once, his honey coloured eyes serious.
They spread out, filling the space with their span, and Dean wanted to reach out, to run his hands along the few feathers that still clung to the skeletal frame, but another wave of pleasure washed through him and he clutched at the bed sheets instead as Cas moved above and in him.
"I was in your dungeon. Place can keep anyone out including our new guest."
Castiel's fists clenched as he worked to contain his rage.
"Then what happened?" Castiel asked, fully engrossed in the story and enjoying the way Dean's eyes lit up when he spoke about his brother.
What did you think? Did you like? Reviews are always welcome!
Dean pulled his plaid shirt on over his navy blue t-shirt and sat down facing the ex-angel on the bed.
He turned back to Theo. "Well, it's, um, it's true. Metatron and I do have a working relationship." he said carefully. It wouldn't take much to deceive Theo, but his voice was shaking nonetheless – he was the only chance Dean had now and the more time that passed…
"Couldn't sleep either, huh?"
He could hear Dean's shuddering breaths as he fought to get himself under control. Cas lowered himself to the ground a few feet away, trying not to crowd the panicking man and trying to figure out where he had gone wrong.
"Dean."
Crowley waited with bated breath for the sheriff to answer.
"How can you be so sure?" he whispered, fear spiking through the connection.
Silence followed this declaration as everyone digested the news and implications.
“Can you tell them? Without me?”
"Really?" she asked.
"Metatron is trying to play God." Castiel stated.
Cas opened his eyes but did not look up at Dean.
Cas looked a little embarrassed by the flaring of his ego, his cheeks reddening in a blush that looked, dare he think it, cute.
Dean had ducked his head, and Cas reached out a hand to lift his head.
"I have a new piece of verse that I wrote," she said, standing. "It's called 'Sex is a racket, and God's ball is in your court'."
"Cas, no, I—"
"Umm, brushing my teeth?" he said.
Dean took in a breath.
"Okay, you got a former demon and a former angel living with you guys and from the looks of it you," she pointed at Dean, "are in love with one of them." She frowned, "There's a sitcom in there somewhere…"
"I like it." he said.
"Like the Wizard of Oz?" Kevin asked, clearly not believing a word Crowley said.
"Are too."
I'M SORRY! I'M SORRY! Please don't kill me. Everything will work out eventually. We'll get through this together I promise.
"Hey!" Dean's tone was sharp and, coupled with the anger that suddenly flared up, it had Cas raising his eyebrows at the hunter.
Before he could finish, the singer came over the mic.
"Do you really believe that, moose?" he asked, his gaze penetrating, "Do you honestly believe that there is any hope of redemption for me?"
"Forget the damn game!" he yelled, slamming his hand on the table and sweeping the stupid board game off the table. Why should Cas get to faff around, playing games and following bees while the whole world went to shit because of something
"It's okay."
"Yeah, apparently…yeah."
"Your mother's alive," Crowley said in the silence that followed, "and I know where she is."
"It's a commitment to your virginity."
"Something funny?" he asked.
Castiel rounded on Dean.
"It's cuneiform." Kevin explained.
Castiel shook his head, trying to catch his breath from his mad dash for help.
"Jody," Dean smiled, pulling the man forward, "This is Cas. He's just here for uh, moral support."
Sam waited patiently for his brother to regain the power of breathing and ruminated that maybe such a direct approach to breaching the subject of Dean's sexuality hadn't been as good idea as he'd thought.
"What?"
"He put up a fight." Hannah explained at Castiel's questioning glance.
Cas smiled at the love he could see radiating from every fibre of the hunter's being.
"You don't have anywhere to go?"
“Okay out with it.”
Dean thought back to the last time he’d seen Cas alive. Showing up covered in blood, his vessel falling apart from the strain of containing thousands of monstrous souls. Trying to apologize to Dean who couldn’t find it in him to accept, not then, not after watching Sam fall apart. The grief of thinking he was dead only for the angel to recover, healed. Everything could have been fine. They could have healed Sam, gone back to Bobby’s, and, over time, recovered their friendship. But then the Leviathans came and Cas walked into the reservoir and Dean never got a chance to tell him…
"I'm warded, and my Grace is gone, and I was hoping that I would seem like just another desperate human that the... the militants couldn't care less about."
The scene changed. Mary was flitting around the kitchen, looking like an angel in her white nightgown and housecoat. Not a dick angel, a proper angel. Like a painting. Her hair free and flowing as she brewed coffee and occasionally stopped to smile at baby Dean who watched, captivated from his bassinette. Nothing remarkable happened, it was just another day, but Dean soaked it up like sunshine in the spring, drinking in the maternal love he had been denied in his childhood.
"I will lie with you." he said softly. "Once I have finished warding the bunker." He reached a hand up, caressing the other man's cheek. "I nearly lost you today. I know it's silly, you being a hunter and me an angel, but the last few months have been relatively safe, and I…I know how fragile human life is now." He looked into Dean's eyes and said softly, "And today, when you died…"
"That's fine." Cas answered with a small smile and nudged the plate towards the hunter.
Castiel's firm, serious voice cut off Dean's frantic ramble. He smiled and cupped his cheeks.
But as Claire smiled back up at him, that anger melted to grateful love and he pressed a kiss to her temple, his heart warming when she responded by leaning back into him and resting her head on his chest. He stroked her arm and held her tight.
The angel didn't speak, just stood there with pain and uncertainty shining out of his honey coloured eyes making him look, for the first time in Castiel's long, long life, like the child he must have been when his beloved big brother had fallen so spectacularly from grace.
"Really, it's okay." Dean interrupted, taking the bucket. "I'm just thankful your aim was good."
"Dean? Are you okay?"
"Ohh. Fine. We'll fight. I don't know what you expect is gonna come of all this. Unless that's why you're stalling. Because you know nothing's gonna come of this unless your pals succeed upstairs. Well, here's a news flash, humpty and dumpty are starring in their very own version of 'Locked Up Abroad: Heaven' right now."
Cas nodded. "Bacon, egg, lettuce and tomato."
"I don't mind. Really Dean. I am very grateful to you. For everything, and not just the job and food and bed. You have saved me in ways you cannot even comprehend and for that I thank you."
Sam gave a sad smile at the memory of his first love.
As it turned out, the plan was for Gadreel and Cas to take Metatron down and for Dean and Sam to stay out of trouble. Metatron had put out an all systems call letting the entire angel population know that he would be 'gone' and they would use his temporary absence as a chance to break into heaven and destroy the angel tablet. Dean had some problems with said plan which he voiced, loudly, but he was outnumbered three to one and so he begrudgingly kissed Cas goodbye and pointedly ignored his brother as he stalked off to mope. No, he was
Dean closed his eyes and a single tear trickled down his cheek, which he swiped angrily at.
Sam shrugged.
"I can't Dean." He answered softly, his voice as gravelly as it always was but lacking in the usual disdain.
Dean raised his eyebrows and shifted where he leant against the car, clearing his throat.
When he did, it was to find Metatron sitting, meditating on the floor of the warehouse.
The door slammed shut behind them as Sam and Dean exited the hospital.
"All right, all right." Dean said, reaching out to grab Castiel's hands as they came up again, "I get it."
Dean looked over and nodded.
Dean sighed.
“Sure thing Jo we’ll uh, we’ll be in in a sec.”
"Vesta." Cas said softly, a pensive look in his blue eyes.
He wrapped the pen in the paper and threw it to the witch who caught it deftly, scrawled something on it, and threw it back.
"Look at you. Big bad Dean Winchester come to the aid of his little boyfriend. Do you miss your precious little Castiel? Do you pine for him? Do you even realize that he doesn't really love you? That he can never really love you? Angels aren't programmed to do that you know? He may think he does. He may fancy himself in love, but true passion? The kind that transcends time and space, that lasts for all eternity," he bent down, "it doesn't exist. It never has. It is a fabrication created by the human mind to deal with the hollowness of mortal life and the intensity of human emotion. That is why angels will always be superior to humans, Dean. Because we have no such weaknesses. Well, except for freaks like your dear Castiel. But even he is not capable of true love. That's why he left."
And then he was surrounded by warmth, two strong arms encircling him. Sam's long hair tickled his cheek as his brother pulled him in tight.
Cas nodded.
Castiel nodded.
"I'm fine."
Later on, as they lay in the semi-darkness of their room, Castiel spoke.
Bobby snorted and rolled his eyes.
"I want to keep it."
Sam cut off, swallowing against the catch that had developed in his throat. He stood, a sudden burst of nervous energy catapulting him from the sofa and sending him pacing around the small cabin room.
Sam looked up from the book he had been reading at the sound of soft footsteps. Castiel was hovering in the entryway to the library, fidgeting and shuffling his feet.
"Do you have any idea who might be behind either of these factions?" Dean asked.
Castiel gasped as his voice cut out, throat raw, hot tears dripping down his face as he watched the light die in Dean's vibrant green eyes and his body fall still.
"Am not!"
Crowley looked dishevelled and tired, bags darkening his eyes and his clothes hanging off his noticeably thinner frame. His hair was lank and his cheeks were covered in at least a week's worth of growth. All in all a startling change, since Sam had been avoiding the former demon and so hadn't seen him in a few weeks.
"You think…?"
Bobby rolled his eyes.
"It is not physical." he said enigmatically and then his fingers were on Dean's forehead and the hunter was falling into darkness.
"Am I the reason you stayed?"
Cas just stared back with his usual intense gaze.
Dean came out of the office a few minutes later and threw a set of keys to Cas.
"But we need him, Sam. We're not getting anything out of this guy."
"I wanted to. Or a part of me did. I think that was the scariest part 'cause most of me wanted to live but…" he shook his head.
"Yeah, I'm fine. We need to figure out what's taking these people."
"Dean?" his voice was soft, unsure, "What happened?"
"Yes." Kevin answered, entering the kitchen with his mom. Crowley stepped forward with a cup of coffee extended towards the prophet. Kevin glared and did not accept the peace offering, instead pushing past the former demon and retrieving his own cup.
"Is that his truck?" he asked, already knowing and fearing the answer.
"I'm just going to reach into your coat and look for ID so I know where to drop you okay?"
Cas was trying to get out of the car on his own by the time Dean came back with a room key.
Sam sighed and turned back to Bobby who was glancing between him and the door Dean had just disappeared behind with growing concern in his eyes.
Crowley rolled his eyes and plunked himself down in his chair.
"No." he grinned. "No, see, the fun's just getting started."
"Are too."
Dean just wanted his friend back. More than anything.
"I love you too Dean."
"Why are you doing this?"
His brother's terse voice silenced him and Sam closed his mouth staring at Dean's tired face. The other diner patrons were starting to look their way and Dean threw down some bills and dragged his enraged brother out of the eatery and over to the blue dodge.
"Did you just bring me a plate of sandwiches that you made for me?" Dean asked with slowly growing love and adoration in his eyes.
Castiel frowned, wondering if he had perhaps misread the situation.
"Hey Cassie." The archangel greeted with a surprising amount of affection.
Cas smirked and turned back to the tree. With a gesture, the trunk was cut and it was felled, only to be caught by Castiel's strong grasp. Dean moved over to the other end of the spruce and hoisted the base of the trunk up in both hands.
"Dean, do you really believe what you just said?"
Dean’s stomach clenched again. He didn’t like the thought of leaving Meg to look after Cas and not just because she was a demon. He didn’t like the way she looked at him and flirted with him and the way Cas had pushed her up against the wall and kissed her when they had been storming Crowley’s complex. He didn’t like the thought of leaving her alone with him. Especially with him in such a vulnerable state.
"Yeah, he wasn't too happy when he came home to find me making out with another guy, so…" he trailed off, playing with a loose thread in the bedspread.
He stepped slowly and cautiously into the room, knowing it was never a good idea to sneak up on a Winchester.
"That's what we told you. Right."
out loud.
Cas looked at the coat.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Guys this is Castiel. Cas, this is my brother Sam and his lovely girlfriend Sarah."
"Yeah." He said, his voice rough and husky from trying to hold back tears.
"Of course."
Dean had always been his strength and, if he could overcome his fears, Sam could damn well do the same.
, Dean!" he exclaimed, abandoning his computer and running over to where Dean was trying to right himself.
"Castiel, you mean? The rebel? Do not worry. My master has him safe."
"You got yourself a nice collection of bruises Cas." He joked, changing the subject and running his fingers over the soft, discoloured skin.
"Goodnight Sam."
"I was still mostly a burden to you." he answered softly.
"You don't like the way I think?" he asked, a little bit hurt by the angel's confusing reasoning.
They were suspended for an eternal moment, like the apex of a rollercoaster, before Castiel responded and Dean was lost in a tempest of heat and hunger and desire.
"Because he completed the third trial." Crowley explained, "I not a demon anymore Dean."
Meanwhile, Dean was in the hospital boiler room, set up as an impromptu interrogation room, with a female angel masquerading as a doctor sitting opposite him. And giving him attitude.
Sam took in a deep breath and relaxed back against the bed, letting his gaze wander up to the plain white ceiling.
"Okay." He finally conceded, and Dean smiled and pecked him on the lips in response, clapping him on the back as he stood.
The evidence had lead them to Pray, Montana and Sam pulled up outside the address the Gas-'n-Sip employee had given them. A car sat abandoned outside the ramshackle building and Sam made note of it as he stepped out of Cas' car.
Tears, which had begun to trickle down his cheeks were now streaming as it hit him, truly and viscerally, that Dean was dead and gone. He sobbed, pulling his brother's limp body to his chest and holding him tightly.
Dean looked up from where he was scraping off the plates into the garbage.
Eventually, he found himself standing outside the door to his—
His hands shook where they clutched the steering wheel. He could feel his brother's gaze on him like a spotlight. He could hear that guy's voice in his head, although it was starting to sound more like Ellen now. He could hear Bobby telling him he was being an idjit for not dealing with his crap. He could see Cas’ eyes lit with the holy fire that surrounded him staring at Dean as though Dean had been the betrayer. He remembered his dad yelling, hitting, tearing him open…
"Tell me about this." He murmured, glancing up into Dean's heavy-lidded eyes.
Sam sighed.
“No not at all.” He answered.
Dean, Cas and Jody stared at him.
"Thank you Dean." He said softly, his gaze intense.
"We need to figure out what we're going to do now." Sam declared, changing the subject and trying to steer the conversation away from any more awkward emotional moments between his brother and his brother's angel.
Dean raised his hands.
"Already there." Crowley interrupted, "I ran into them on the way. They're safe."
"Nine."
"Good. Now, you finish up, I'm going to make you up a bed."
"Can we get the
They paused.
"What?!"
"Why?"
"I will never willingly leave you Dean." He promised, stroking his thumb over the hunter's cheekbone and seeing the pain of loss that Dean still carried with him shine through his bright green eyes.
Gabriel moved forward and sighed as he knelt down beside his fallen brother.
"So how long have you known Dorothy, and why wasn't I informed?"
"That son of a bitch!" he said quietly but emphatically, standing and making a beeline for the door behind which Dean had disappeared.
"Yeah, I remember that."
Dean was barely coherent when Sam reached him and hauled him upright, wrinkling his nose at the haze of alcohol that surrounded his wasted brother.
Cas looked down at the food and then back up at Dean.
"Of course he's yours. Why? Don't you like him?"
"I'm blaming you for taking Cas' grace." Dean shot back, anger rising. "I'm blaming you for the hell you put him through. Hell, I'm blaming you for the Cubs not winning The World Series in the last 100 freaking years. Whatever it is, I'm blaming you."
"Dean." Cas said, interrupting him. "If we never had sex, if you were never able to do that, I would still stay."
Dean swallowed.
"And Alastair knew that." Cas interrupted, resting his hand on Dean's shaking ones. "He knew who you were when you showed up on his rack. And he knew we would be coming for you. Your treatment at his hands was barbaric. Even for a demon."
He was frowning at the hunter confused at the need for him to have explained his actions.
“I’m sorry. This isn’t a problem I can make disappear, you know that.”
Cas spoke up.
"Crowley, however is; he could help decipher the text."
"Shammy, ev'rythin's upsi' d'wn." Dean commented as Sam made for the room Dean had taken to sleeping in, having avoided his own room since Cas had left.
Cas nodded.
Sam stared into his mug as he considered Castiel's words. He knew Dean had sacrificed a lot for him over the years including his own childhood and Sam still carried the guilt of that.
"For a human perhaps." He went back to staring sadly at the grey, concrete wall, "But I am not human. Not anymore. And yet I am no longer an angel either. But if I am to defeat Metatron, I feel I must think more like him and less like, well…you."
Cas gave him the street name and some nearby landmarks to help the hunter pinpoint his location.
"Yeah but you didn't know that at the time."
"Slowly, I guess through TV and general gut instinct, I started to figure out what those…tendencies meant." Dean chuckled darkly, "I'd never been so terrified and alone when I finally realized that I was…" Dean trailed off again, the word caught in his throat. Still after all these years, he couldn't vocalize it. His secret, hidden deep down, buried in a vain belief that if it could be ignored and forgotten it would go away. He took a shuddering breath and sniffed, wiping another errant tear away.
"Run!" He yelled by way of explanation.
"Yes." he beamed, stroking his fingers over the soft fur. "Dean gave him to me. Isn't he wonderful?"
He survived Purgatory. Survived the long year of non-stop hunting and searching for the angel with the blue eyes.
Cas' smile was sad as he stroked through Dean's hair.
Perhaps it was better this way.
"By your standards perhaps. By angel standards I am considered young and reckless."
"You think he remembers it all?"
Dean looked at Sam, pain shining through his eyes, and he nodded.
"Yeah." Gabriel admitted, "The one you stole from, was it Theo?"
"All right."
Dean smiled and nuzzled into the space where Cas’ shoulder met his neck, breathing in his scent.
"Good morning." Castiel answered. Dean could feel Cas' deep voice vibrating through the angel's chest and into his back, the sensation sending jolts of pleasure surging through his body.
Dean nodded and lowered his head, shame at his actions and words coursing through him. A part of him had honestly not believed the angel would come.
Dean rolled his eyes and sat back as Cas continued to methodically unwrap the present.
"Hey Dean."
"But you should eat, Dean." Cas added.
"Remember when you were twelve? Living in Michigan? Dad left us in a crappy motel in November, promising to be back in a few weeks? 'Cept he was gone more than a month, and it was starting to get cold. You were hitting your first growth spurt and you eating like crazy. Always so hungry. The money was running out quick. And Dad…one hunt had overlapped the next and he couldn't get back to us in time.
There was nothing for it. So he clasped his hands, bowed his head, and prayed.
"You knew?!"
Castiel sighed.
—room. He closed his eyes and leaned his head against the door. He hadn't been inside in over eight weeks, not since he'd grabbed a few changes of clothes and moved to an empty room as far away as he could get in the bunker. It reminded him too much of Cas; the clothes, the pictures they'd hung, the smell. Now he found himself cracking the door, letting it swing silently open and his gaze roam over the familiar sight.
He continued on, turned a corner, and came face to face with the one and only Wicked Witch of the West.
He waited. When he got no response, he knocked again.
Castiel stood in shocked silence, trying to comprehend what had just happened.
"It's not stupid." Cas protested as Dean avoided looking at him. "You have the most generous heart and it has been hurt far more times than it deserves. And for my part, I am sorry to have contributed to that."
"Oh, what did he do?"
"Look man, I don't even know how you managed to keep that secret for as long as you did and I can't even begin to understand how hard it was for you to tell me and Bobby about it, but you have got tell Cas, man. Aside from the fact that he deserves to know what he's getting into, I really think it'll help you."
"I don't know how well Kevin's going to react to that idea."
Kevin stopped.
"S-so…you wouldn't…you wouldn't care if I was…if I were g…gay?" the last word came out so softly that Bobby nearly didn't catch them. Dean turned his head and his eyes held such fear and pain. There was only one person who could instill this much fear in Dean.
"Cas, please." Dean interrupted. "I want to do this, I need to do it."
"Dean?" she asked softly, placing a hand on his back.
It took a few seconds for Cas to register what he'd said, but when he did his face relaxed and his mouth spread into an easy grin.
"But you won't." Cas said.
"The human preoccupation with sexual desire. Why it governs all your actions and decisions."
"What the hell is going on?
"I assure you I'm not. Just named after one."
“Look Dean, this whole enemy of my enemy is my friend thing sounds kind of like a demon deal.
"Uhh, I was just going to make some food. Wondered if you wanted anything."
Dean pulled up to the entrance to the bunker, throwing his baby into park and getting out, moving around to the passenger door to help his brother out of the car. Dean struggled under Sam's oversized bulk, grumbling to himself that it wasn't fair and that “Little brothers should stay little dammit!”
He had survived Cas nearly killing him, looking down on him with blank, uncaring eyes as Dean kneeled, beaten and bloody at his feet and pleaded with him, hoping against hope that the part of Cas that had rebelled, had always come when he called, had looked on him with love and devotion, would hear and stop.
"What? What the hell are you talking about? Hey," he stormed over to the dejected man, grabbing him by the shoulders and spinning him around to face Dean, "You are not useless you hear? So you don't have your mojo anymore so what? I'm human, Sam's human."
To say that Kevin was resistant to the idea of bringing Crowley in to help with the translation was putting it lightly. Currently he was sitting in his usual chair in the library, arms crossed as he stubbornly refused to budge on the point.
"What? Why? This could help us, Cas!"
“Jimmy—”
And with that the dam broke and everything Castiel had felt since he had come crashing down from heaven rushed out in a deluge of pain and tears and grief. He let out a choked sob and Dean pulled him in, letting his head rest against his shoulder. He wrapped him in his arms as the other man wept into his jacket, broken sobs wracking his form as his body sought relief from the build-up of emotions he was not accustomed to and had not yet learned to control. It took a good five minutes for the fallen angel to finally calm down, sobs turning to tears turning to sniffling, and that's when Dean let go enough to reach over and grab the box of tissues from the nightstand, holding them out to his partner and rubbing a soothing hand up and down his back as he wiped away the remnants of the spectacular breakdown he'd just had.
But seeing him, pale and unmoving, with blood pouring from self-inflicted wounds was still fresh in his mind and he knew he had to at least talk to the guy, if only to understand why he had done it.
Then he threw a punch that knocked the former King of Hell on his ass.
She glanced from Dean's easy smile to Cas' serious expression and then to their clasped hands.
"I know. And I thank you."
"Why'd you do it, Crowley?"
"I always come when you call."
Warning: Contains spoilers from It's a Wonderful Life and unabashed gooey fluff
"My name is James Castiel Novak, Jimmy for short, and I'm from Pontiac, Illinois."
"Sorry." he apologized.
Takes place during 9x06.
"Again, I cannot give you an answer if I do not understand the question."
Dean shrugged.
Sam and Dean had managed to stop the bleeding enough to stitch up the wound; roughly, but enough so that Crowley wouldn't bleed out. He hadn't woken as of yet and they had moved him to a room closer to where everyone else was in order to keep a better eye on him.
Silence followed the revelation and Dean's heart stuttered in his chest. Cas was dying? No, he would have told him, he would have…
"I'm sorry, Cas." he whispered. Cas could hear the thickness in his voice that mean he was attempting to speak around a lump, and he sighed.
"Actually the visions were pretty painful," Sam explained, attempting to alleviate the current prophet's feelings, "Chuck said they felt like migraines. Also they seemed to strike at unknown intervals, at least you can choose when to read the tablets and when not to."
They bought the suit as well as a few shirts and ties and the Impala's trunk was filled as they headed back to the bunker, blasting classic rock and singing along; well, Dean was singing, Castiel was trying to learn the lyrics so that he could join in the next time.
Dean shied away from the touch, breaths turning to gasps as his body shook. He whimpered out a litany of, "No, no, no, please, no."
Both brothers were silent as Sam tried to come to terms with the implications of what Dean had revealed.
Dean pulled them down gently onto the bed, pulling the covers out and over them and guiding Castiel down to rest on his shoulder, his head in the crook of Dean's neck, wrapping his arms around the man and reveling in the feeling of Cas' arms around him.
"Anyway," He shrugged, wrapping up whatever story he'd been telling, "it was pretty embarrassing, and now you guys all know that, so...that's great."
"It's been a bad couple of days," he responded, his eye twitching involuntarily, "I haven't slept or eaten." The reached the bottom of the staircase and began moving towards Sam's room. "I'm pretty backed up."
"Cas buddy, what's wrong?" Dean shifted closer. "You're shaking."
"BUT WHAT IF THAT'S ALL THAT I'M GOOD FOR?!"
"How did you...?"
Dean stared into Cas' eyes, eyes that seemed to make up for his general lack of expression by being overly expressive themselves. If anyone else had delivered that line it would have been corny as hell, straight out of the worst examples of cheesy romance novels. But from Cas it was nothing but the truth. Cas who hadn't experienced touch until he'd had to drag Dean kicking and screaming out of hell. Cas who now clung to Dean even in sleep.
Cas fell silent and stared at Dean, his expression cold and dangerous.
Dean rolled his eyes.
"Yeah." Sam said, shucking his coat and moving over to the table. "Apparently, two of our vics, Honor and Pastor Fred, did the dirty."
"What do you think I have been trying to do?"
"For helping us with the Elamite. And I'm sorry that I didn't believe you."
"Why would he do that?" Sam's voice sounded from behind Dean and he swung around, having momentarily forgotten his brother was even in the vicinity.
There was silence and then Kevin spoke.
"Okay." Cas agreed, shame at his own fear and weakness creeping through him.
"I'm not."
"Think 'm gonna puke, Sammy." Dean interrupted, and indeed he was swallowing like he was having trouble keeping something down.
Castiel looked up from his milk and sighed.
"No."
So as promised, two updates in one week! This is probably the fluffiest thing I've ever written, but that's why y'all are here right?
"Thank you Dean." He said softly with conviction and certainty in his gruff tones. "But if I had to choose between my wings and you, I would choose you. Every time."
"I-I'm a team player, Castiel." Theo assured enthusiastically.
Sam stared hard before nodding.
"If you want, you can shower before I clean and wrap this up."
As he did, Dean told Cas what he'd learned about how Ephram's host had allowed the angel to possess him, and about the Reverend Buddy Boyle.
Cas smiled and fingered the coat.
"Because that is his name." He looked back up. "Is it a bad choice?"
Every light in the room blew in a shower of sparks and breaking glass sending the four plunging into moonlit darkness.
Bobby hauled himself to his feet, cursing his age as his back twinged and knees creaked. Once he was up, he put a hand on Dean's shoulder, ceasing the nauseating movement.
"A wicked witch." He enounced, "The Wicked Witch of the 'I'll get you my pretty and your little dog too' variety."
The man shuffled his feet, tripping every few steps and occasionally muttering slurred phrases that Dean had no hope of understanding. His head lolled on Dean's shoulder, his face pressed in to the crook of his neck. Dean felt a shiver of hot desire lance though him as he felt the stranger's hot breath on his collarbone. He swallowed and redoubled his efforts to get the guy to his car.
"Do you think that he…I mean…"
Sam and Dean shared a glance before Dean put the phone back to his ear.
Looking at the easy smile that graced his brother's face, Sam hoped to God he was wrong. But if his life had taught him anything, it was that good things didn't tend to happen to the Winchesters.
So he did what he always did when asked that question, rolled his eyes and said in terse tones, "I'm fine, Sammy."
"Thank you." He babbled, "Thank you, thank you, thank you."
"I use t' be able t' feel it. Th' earth m've, orb'ting th' sun. Now I can' feel it anymore. Can' feel 'lot 'f thingssss." His head fell forward onto Dean's shoulder as Dean worked his shoes off. "Can' see 'lot 'f things either."
Jody explained the situation and Dean and Sam shared a nod.
Castiel stared at him with his usual intense gaze before leaning down and pressing a kiss to the sigil and moving back up and planting another one on Dean's lips, soft and sweet.
"Come on. You and Dean? That's something special, don't you think?"
Dean shrugged.
Soon the guy was buckled in the front seat and they were on the road back to Dean's place, the stranger passed out against the passenger side window.
"Do you know where he is?" Sam asked.
Dean rolled his eyes and threw his arm over Castiel's shoulders, pulling him in.
Dean looked between his partner's exuberant expression and Sam who was desperately trying to contain his mirth.
"No problem Cas."
Not this.
"Come on, let's get you up."
He got into the car.
"And where were these crime scenes?"
Castiel took the blade and stared at it. There had been so much killing. So many dead, angels and humans alike. And despite what Dean continued to insist, it was still partially his fault. Mostly his fault. He stared at the blade. How easy would it be to just turn it on himself? To end all of this suffering. He glanced up and found himself staring directly into Dean's verdant eyes, which were staring back at him in shock. It occurred to him that Dean might have misinterpreted his hesitation.
"Dean, stop." Cas reached out a hand and planted it on the hunter's firm chest, halting his movement. They turned to face each other in the dim hallway of the bunker, hesitant green meeting unwavering blue.
Cas beamed and looked at Dean.
"Dean, you need to talk about what's wrong," He ignored Dean's scoff, "You can't just ignore it and expect it to go away! You can't keep going on like this!"
"Please, I'd rather not." His blue eyes were heavy with sadness as they rose to meet Dean's.
"Do you believe him now?"
“He was a demon.”
"Well?" Dean asked impatiently.
"What do you mean?"
Castiel shot him a withering glance over the table.
"It's been a long day, a lot of which was spent being tortured."
Sam glanced between Dean and Cas, realization dawning on his face.
"Yeah," Dean answered. "You see, the only thing you've said that went into my ear was that you die."
"I do have an idea." he said, not sounding too sure.
"Listen Cas, Dean has some…issues, which he really should be talking to you about. But they have nothing to do with you all right? You aren't doing anything wrong, Dean's just an idiot."
"Thank you for being here, Sam. Stay strong. Stay pure."
"In hell, after I pulled you out, you required…a great deal of healing; physically and spiritually. There was only one way. You struggled at first, but eventually you conceded. I suspect you were just in too much pain."
Sam sighed and tried to imagine what Dean might be thinking. Obviously, the sudden emergence of homosexual urges from someone as straight as Dean would be traumatic. But Sam couldn't figure out why Dean was so terrified of the prospect of having feelings for another guy. Furthermore, though Sam may have been the more open and emotionally healthy one of the two brothers, he never imagined in his wildest dreams that he would be having this conversation with his older brother and he didn't exactly know where to start.
The thoughts flew out of his head as Dean's tongue entered his mouth and an explosion of pleasurable sensation rushed through Castiel's body, sending blood rushing southwards. Cas let his hand slip down to where Dean's shirt ended, lifting the thin cotton and brushing the hot skin underneath. Perhaps tonight was the night. Perhaps Dean had just been 'taking things slow' as they often said in movies, 'waiting for the right time'. Maybe now was the right time.
Dean frowned.
Dean's head hung in shame, unable to deny the truth in Castiel's words. Cas reached out and, with one hand, gently lifted the other man's chin.
"What? What did he do?"
"I'm scared, Cas." Dean whispered
"Us too. So? Did you score?"
Crowley looked soberly at Dean.
Dean smiled.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut to stave off the tears he could feel burning in his eyes at Castiel's heartfelt words.
"I'll – I'll need a moment to make contact." he said, rubbing his abused wrists while Theo unchained his ankles and stood back. "And you have something that I'll need."
"Just drop it Sammy, It's not important."
"But no one will survive this war."
Cas glanced that way and nodded.
"These angels were…butchered." Cas said, looking over the photos as the police milled around them. "Much more violence than is required."
"Son of a bitch." Dean muttered angrily as he glanced down at the file. A picture caught his eye and he picked it up, his stomach giving another lurch as he stared at the photograph of the happy couple standing in front of the car.
“I don’t know. Sometimes he gets this look in his eyes, like he’s remembering something. And when he does he looks so…sad. And it kills me because no matter how much I want to, I have no idea how to help him. So all I can do is love him and wait until he’s ready to tell me. And if he’s never ready…I guess loving him will have to be enough.”
"They're in you mind. Picture a field full of sheep and then try counting all of them."
Dean was immediately inundated with an overwhelming torrent of emotions and sensations and, most of all, power. Cas pulled his hand away and Dean was left gasping in the aftermath, glancing down to where Cas' hand had been to see a fading remnant of his handprint. The same that had been there when he'd first climbed out of hell. He looked up to see Cas staring down at his hand thoughtfully.
“Oh my God you’re not pregnant are you?” Dean asked, looking at Sarah.
“No.” Sam said, when he could finally speak again. “I uh, got a job offer and I took it.”
"But you don't want to have sex with me?"
"Huh." Dean said, staring up at the monstrous tree that towered above him. "So that's an oak tree."
"Since when is anything I do particularly healthy?"
"At dad?" Sam asked.
"Besides," Crowley continued, "I can be useful to you."
"What? But the trial."
"I have no idea."
"Sam."
"Sure, why not. I suppose you two being sickeningly sweet together is better than you two being angsty and morose apart. Just let me interrupt a few sigils and we'll have you back with your BF in no time."
Castiel shook his head.
He looked over at Dean who nodded despite the fact that they both knew Dean had never felt peaceful a day in his life.
"I'm sorry, Gary, but my regular sitter couldn't make it and I don't have a replacement. Can't we just reschedule? I'm free-" She stopped talking and pulled the phone away from her ear, staring at it before scoffing and pressing the end button angrily before setting it down on the counter with a frustrated "Men!"
"This decision has nothing to do with you, Dean. I want you to remember that. I want you to remember that I love you and that I
Crowley stood in the center of his small room, his self-appointed prison, and stared down at the letter in his hand, concern for the elder Winchester falling to the back of his mind as he surveyed the envelope that had
"What? Cas? Wha—what are you doing here?"
"Because nothing is actively trying to kill us. The world isn't ending. We closed the Gates of Hell. We actually have a place to host it. Kevin and Linda are probably going to want to do something. You've got Cas now…I just thought it would be nice that's all."
“What if no one is listening? What if all your praying is in vain? What if there’s actually nothing?”
"I…I was, am, in a bad place too."
Sam smiled.
"Why the hell are we out here anyway?" he asked, breath puffing out in white clouds of vapour in the frigid Kansas winter air.
"I miss my wings. Life on the road…smells. And I miss you."
He gasped and dropped the weapon, his knees going weak from the sudden influx of emotion.
Sam hedged.
Thanks to Rainbow Fruit loop for Betaing
Dean nodded.
"You just want to climb the tree, don't you?"
Dean swallowed and shuffled a few inches away from Sam's crowding form.
“I understand.” He said solemnly.
He would not cry today.
Dean grumbled but didn't argue any further.
Cas sighed before pulling the man through the kitchen doors and out of sight.
Castiel considered Dean's words.
Dean chewed idly on his lower lip.
Sam sighed, trying to get Dean to talk about anything deeper than what Led Zeppelin song was arguably the best was like pulling teeth.
It wasn't until they were back on the main road that Dean became aware enough of his surroundings to ask, "Where are we going?"
The two men stared at each other for a moment before Dean felt the need to clarify.
Dean licked crumbs off his finger as he finished assembling the sandwich and turned to his brother, one eyebrow raised.
"Well…" Dean smirked and Castiel buried his face in his hand, not relishing the rehashing of their rather embarrassing first meeting.
"Are fucking kidding me?!" he asked, voice raised, "Really?"
"Ever the quick wit Sammy boy."
“Should we wait for Castiel?”
Of course.
"It was the only option."
"Yes you do, Dean."
"I want this war to be over. I don't want to be the leader they expect me to be."
Do you forgive me? Let me know in comments ;)
Luck was on his side and Dean moved to retrieve the water and painkillers, shaking out two and holding them out for the poor guy.
"Wow! That Joffrey's a dick!"
He hefted an angel blade.
"Argh! Fine." He said in a voice that he knew sounded childish and petulant. He turned his gaze on Charlie.
"He's gone!" Dean shouted, "I can't feel him! He's just…gone!"
"Cas I-" I love you. The words caught in his throat. He knew they were true but he just wasn't ready to say them out loud. The only person he'd ever said them out loud to before had been his mom. He cleared his throat to cover up the pause and said instead, "Thanks." It was lame and a cop out but Castiel smiled up at him anyway.
"That would have happened anyway. In fact, if you hadn't've been there I would have died too."
"You're just adorable." he answered, grabbing one of the beers and taking a gulp.
"Dean, have you ever…with a guy…you know…since…?" He filled the unspoken words with vague gestures and looks that he hoped would convey his meaning without him having to actually say the words
But as he held onto the weeping hunter, he couldn't help but feel that it had all been worth it, just to be able to lie here with Dean in his arms and comfort him through his grief.
Dean returned from the bandstand and held his hand out to Castiel.
"Maybe that's all faith has to be. Wanting to believe something, despite all the evidence to the contrary."
Dean sighed, the uncertainty in his eyes that was usually so well hidden making him look much younger and more vulnerable than usual.
Jimmy looked around. A security guard was standing above him. He needed to vacate the room. He stood and moved wraith-like, as though in a dream through the marble corridors of the county courthouse and out into the warm August sun. The sky was blue and the sun was shining. The trees were green. He could hear birds singing and children playing. And he felt so detached from it all. As though his heart had had enough of feeling and shut off.
"You know," Castiel explained, "there's a lot you don't understand about humanity at first. If you would just stop-"
Dean shook his head.
Cas just moaned again, and moved his head over until it was resting in Dean's lap. Dean chuckled.
Dean nodded, eyes scanning over the angel before pulling him in for a heated kiss and a crushing hug.
Eventually they ordered lunch and had it delivered.
Dean laughed humourlessly.
Dean shrugged.
Yes, Dean was an actor. Yes it was his job to play parts and imitate emotion. But Castiel had gotten more than one glimpse behind the wall Dean erected to protect himself and in this moment, everything inside Castiel screamed that this was real. He felt a release of the anger and resentment he had been holding inside for the past three months and once it was gone, all that was left was longing and love.
Dean looked up into his brother’s hazel eyes.
"Okay." Sam said after a few moments of uncomfortable silence, "Did you want to talk?"
Cas shifted until he was looking up at Dean. He stared long and hard at the hunter. Not saying anything, just staring.
Dean rolled his eyes and let out a sigh which was decidedly not full of longing and gave the roof one more long hard stare before sitting up and moving to the table where Sam was surrounded by books.
Instead, Dean was regaling Castiel with stories of him and Sam from when they were little.
“Thank you for protecting my wife.”
Dean sat with elbows resting on bended knees, his hands in his hair, unable to look at his brother as shame painted his features red.
Dean sucked in a breath and blew it out, rising his head and turning; neutral mask in place.
"What? Why?"
"For what?" he asked.
"What do you mean?"
"Me. After what I told you, what I've done. How can you stand to be near me?"
Dean looked up, catching Cas' eye and asked, "Then what is it?"
He thought of Cas, newly human, experiencing pain and thirst and hunger for the first time. And Dean hadn't been there to help him. What if Cas hadn't reached them? What if Bartholomew had got his hands on him when he'd been pursuing him? What if he had gotten to Cas in the last few months when he'd been out on his own as Malachi had Muriel? Alone once again because of Dean's stupid mouth?
He leaned down to kiss the angel again.
"Yeah. Me, neither. All right. Let me see what I can find."
"No arguments you two, I don't want you to get hurt."
Cas shifted in his seat, drawing his legs up and under him so he was sitting cross-legged facing Dean.
Castiel nodded again.
Cas' brow furrowed
He sighed, exhaustion creeping into his bones. He may as well tell. At least then everything would be out in the open.
Cas continued to stare at him and Dean rolled his eyes.
Kevin regarded the former demon.
"It's alright." Kevin said, "I hit a wall translating the tablet into English. But I found an ancient codex linking the angel script into proto-Elamite cuneiform, and I was able to translate the tablet and the footnotes into Elamite, which is…"
Enjoy!
Castiel let out an exasperated sigh.
Together they stumbled into the bunker and narrowly missed being impaled by an arrow.
Sam was at Dean's side now, kneeling on the floor with Cas looking on, arms twisted round his body in concern.
comes when
know the angel that well and he definitely was exasperated. "I do not require sustenance."
Theo's empty body fell in a boneless heap to the ground but Castiel paid him no heed.
They were in an interrogation room back at the command centre. Dean had tracked Tessa to a showing of Jesus Christ Superstar and managed to stop her before she blew away an auditorium full of people.
Sam shook his head.
He brushed his fingers through Dean's close-cropped hair and pulled him lightly back down, kissing him sweet and soft and chaste.
Thank you so much
"He was a bounty hunter."
"We have very little choice in the matter." Cas said heatedly. "I am sorry that I can't just fly out of here and get you the information that you need, but I can't sit here and do nothing. My brothers and sisters are slaughtering each other because of something that was partially my doing so I have to explore all possible avenues open to me. Besides, I am human and warded, likely my prayer will be lost in the multitude and no one of any consequence will come. And if they do I have you to protect me."
He smiled at her before departing the convenience store. She watched him go with a bemused look on her face.
"Then I'll protect you." he said with conviction. "I'm not gonna let anything hurt you. Besides, you helped us gank that ghost in New York last week."
"That sounds cosy." The sheriff commented sarcastically.
"That's bullshit! You know that! Mom would never be ashamed of you, of either of us, for something like that! Dad was just an asshole. A giant, worthless asshole who ruined our lives by dragging us along on his personal vendetta against the monster who killed his wife, all the while ignoring the only things he had left of her, us!"
He set the plate on the kitchen table along with butter, syrup, chocolate sauce and coffee.
From the corner of his eyes, Cas saw movement, a glint of silver, and Dean slid the angel blade across the linoleum. Quick as a flash Cas caught it in his good hand and then he was driving it into Ephram's belly. The Rit Zien screamed, light pouring out of his eyes and mouth as he died.
"No. I taste everything. I taste every molecule."
He had him. Castiel leant forward, still hampered by the cuffs chaining him to the chair.
"Right, so you just want to go out there and go searching for angels after everything that just happened? After the torture? You remember the torture, right?"
"No, no, no, no! Not here!"
Castiel’s voice held genuine fear that Sam was quick to dispel.
Castiel raised a shaking hand and rested it on Dean's unshaven cheek, rubbing the pad of his thumbover the ginger stubble.
"Oh by all means don't stop on my account." The former demon said with a smirk, moving towards them and then past and into the kitchen.
Without a word, Dean retrieved the bottle of painkillers from his bedside table along with his glass of water.
"The spell can't be undone. The new world order, we're stuck with it."
"Sure, of course." Dean answered.
Castiel nodded.
Dean sighed.
"Vesta. Or Hestia if you prefer. Grecko-Roman goddess of the hearth and purity. Her followers were required to stay celibate for thirty years and if they broke their vow…"
"Yeah, you're right."
Dean paled at the thought of what Cas might come up with.
"Come on." Dean urged, "You don't have to come on the hunt, just come with me. Keep me company. After all," he continued, reaching over to trace the line of Castiel's clavicle where it peeked out of his collared shirt "it's a long drive to Idaho and if this does turn out to be something, I may have to stay over night." He leaned forward to whisper in Castiel's ear, "I'd hate to have to sleep all alone in some motel room all by myself."
Fear and nausea coursed through Castiel at the news. It wasn't true was it? It couldn't be. Dean was in the bunker. Dean was safe. Dean was waiting for him.
Cas looked back at Dean.
"Good luck, Dean. I'm proud of you."
give it to him, that wouldn't guarantee that Cas would stay. He'd probably leave as soon as Dean and his billion emotional problems became to much for him or he'd win the war against Metatron and restore heaven and go back home and remember how nice it was to be with his family again and forget all about Dean…
"At the time I thought I did. I did not question it. Now…" He shrugged looking more lost and confused than ever, "I am not sure what I believe. I have been resurrected time and again and I have come to believe it is a punishment, to be denied relief from the guilt of the things I have done, the mistakes I have made, the people I have hurt, killed." He turned his gaze on Sam, "But I would like to believe that my father has not truly abandoned us; that your second chance is a blessing and that despite all that has happened, he still with us, watching. I know that he would never have allowed Issac to die. And I would like to believe that despite everything, he still knows what is best. I would like to believe that but…"
Dean gaped at Sonny's retreating back as Sam grinned and Cas frowned.
"Yeah." Dean agreed, steering them towards the exit and receiving a smirk from Sam as he passed their table, "That's 'cause you're drunk, Cas."
“This have something to do with the way that boy’s been acting the past few weeks?” Ellen asked, taking a seat on the couch next to Jo, Sarah, and Sam, all four of them squishing in to fit.
Dean nodded; taking a deep breath and steeling himself for the conversation he was about to have.
"Oak, stained in the blood of a virgin."
"Uhhh, may have gone a little overboard." He explained, scratching the back of his head as Cas frowned down at the object, "But, well, I hope you like it."
Sam shrugged.
"Well, I am no longer an angel but that is a surprisingly accurate description of me yes."
"No." he said, shaking his head. Dean reached out a hand to grab him before he slid off.
"Son of a bitch!" Charlie cursed as a car swerved unexpectedly into the lane in front of her without signalling, "learn to drive asshole!" She shouted as she passed him. Castiel frowned and covered his daughters ears.
"I believe our graces connected last night, Dean."
"Well," Kevin said, sitting up, "This thing lit up like a Christmas tree when the angels fell. Turns out, every dot was where a cluster of angels fell. So we were thinking that maybe there was some way to hotwire it to make it track angels."
Sam's face fell.
Dean's head snapped up in a way that Sam was sure had hurt, but he just stared at Sam, fear clouding his green eyes.
Dean traced a line down Cas’ scruffy jawline to the sweet spot under his ear. Cas’ breath caught in his throat as Dean bit and sucked at the sensitive skin of his neck.
He let himself sink into the sheriff's embrace and allowed himself to believe, just for a moment, that it was his own mother holding him tight.
"Thank you both." He smiled at Sam and Dean, his fingers running over the soft fur of his new pet.
This chapter spans 9x21 and 9x22. I try to do all I can to incorporate the actual storyline from the episode into the chapters I write but sometimes it begins to feel dull and dragging. If you are reading this and you haven't watched the episodes in question, please don't get angry at me if it doesn't make sense to you, I operate under the assumption that either my readers are familiar with the episode storyline or that they care more about the interactions between Dean and Cas and less about the plot.
Dean nodded, not trusting himself to speak
Dean nodded again and cleared his throat, pushing back the burning sensation in the back of his eyes.
"Well, Ellen's husband was in the same line of work as my dad.
Dean pulled his baby into the parking lot of 'Casey's Great Plains Diner', parking her next to where the Sheriff was standing. He then got out to greet their old friend.
The man moved around the other side of the bar, following the line of high-legged chairs down until he was face to face with Dean.
"You felt it though; the forest and the life within it. How can you doubt now its capacity to sense? Just because it doesn't have a central nervous system does not mean it lacks an ability to feel."
He steeled himself and raised his fist, rapping out a few knocks on the door.
"Shit, Cas." was all he could come up with.
Sam and Cas were staring at him; Sam in blank confusion and Cas in trepidation.
Hannah rushed to Gadreel and gasped at the sigils he had cut into his chest with one of the jagged rocks that littered his cell.
She sighed.
"Likewise." he answered. "I've heard many great things about you."
"No, the books that Carver Edland wrote about these two." She gestured to the two hunter brothers.
"Get away from her, you dick!" Dean shouted, kicking his foot out and catching Theo on the leg. Theo kicked back, stamping down hard on his ankle until a crack echoed through the room and Dean let out a yell of pain.
Jody showed up just before dinner and hellos were shared and introductions made before everyone went their separate ways, Sarah and Bobby and Ellen back to the kitchen, and Sam, Dean, and Jo into the living room where Sam was insisting on watching It’s a Wonderful Life, disgusted that Dean had never seen it. Castiel eventually escaped out to the porch where he wrapped his hands around his steaming mug of mulled apple cider, watching the peaceful fall of the snow and avoiding the glances he got despite everyone being very respectful. It was easier somehow hear. Perhaps it was time or perhaps it was the knowledge that they all understood deep down what he had gone through.
Dean loosened his grip and pulled back, not taking his hands off Sam's shoulders.
The former angel seemed to deliberate for a few moments before making up his mind and stepping into the room.
"It was not my fault—"
"Well, maybe that's the problem."
Eventually Dean agreed to the new plan of following the old plan and they reached Ogden only to find the body of a well meaning, if a little vague, dude who'd helped them out in a case in the area a few years back. Dean's ire rose again at the sight of the dead body and by the time they had Gadreel trapped and tied to a chair, he was about ready to rip someone – or something's – head off.
"I don't want you to die either, Cas." he whispered.
“…Castiel anyway? Who is he Dean? Where’s he from? What’s he doing in Kansas? What’s his
Castiel contemplated the hunter, head tilted.
Christmas." He enunciated slowly, as though explaining something to a very small, very slow child.
It was a few hours later that Dean wandered into the library, picking up his phone charger where he had left it lying on the table and plugging in his phone to power up and Sam leapt at the chance to question his brother about his boyfriend.
"It's just that before, I was human and unable to heal you. I just wish to do what I can to help you since you were so helpful to me in my time as a human."
Crowley sent him a long stare as he deliberated before nodding.
The angel moaned and shifted on the bed but didn't wake.
Castiel was perched inside his cage, trying desperately to convince Hannah of his innocence. He took it as a good sign that she was at least humouring him by staying to listen to his side of what happened.
"What?!" She yelled as she tried to wriggle out of his grasp, "Get your hands off me! What are you doing?!"
Raising his fist, he pounded on the door jam, yelling, hoping someone would be near enough to the entrance that they would hear and let him in.
Dean glared but didn't respond, too happy to have Cas alive and breathing in his grasp to argue with the infuriating archangel.
"But-"
"I've never been more sure of anything." he said, quiet but certain.
"There is an easier way, you know." Cas said.
As always huge thanks to Rainbow Fruit Loop for Betaing
The question was asked so quietly Sam nearly didn't hear it but when he looked to where his brother was huddled against the corner of the sofa, he could see pleading in Dean’s green eyes. Dean never asked for help, never asked for anything for himself.
"It was so painful Sammy." Sam had never heard his brother sound so young, so lost, "It felt like I was being torn apart from the inside. Forty years in hell can't compare to it."
Once they were on the road and Dean had calmed down somewhat, Sam tried reasoning with his slightly more clear-headed brother.
"Jody," Dean asked, "are you sure you're, uh, ready to jump back into the fray?"
"I think I finally understand."
"And you can get us in?" Her smile widened and she bounced on the balls of her feet.
Dean sighed and gestured with his head for the angel to follow, making his way back to their room without a word. He could hear Castiel's footfalls echo loudly in the hallway, deafening him with every step they took.
"Well then what do you want?!" Dean retorted, not entirely sure why he was shouting, only knowing that he was confused and angry with himself, and he hated that Cas was shouting at him.
This Cas was currently sitting on his bed, struggling with his coat and sweater. Dean helped him off with it and noticed the blood soaked bandage on his right arm.
Dean reached out and ran his fingertips lightly over Castiel's cheek before leaning in and kissing him. Castiel responded, sucking in a breath through his nose and sliding closer along the sheets, bringing one hand up to tangle in Dean's short, dark blonde hair while the other snaked around his back, drawing him closer.
The witness, 'Slim', yielded no definite answers, and so they decided to head over to the Good Faith Church to do some digging.
Later, once the sigils were up and covering every inch of the bunker in various colours of spray paint, Cas held Dean's sleeping form tightly in his arms. Exhausted from the long night of torture as well as the warding that was blocking his power, he drifted in and out of consciousness, until finally, he closed his eyes and entered Dean's dream.
And then it was over and Cas slumped forwards onto Dean's heaving chest as he fought to control his breathing.
Sam sighed but didn't argue. Dean had a point. And besides, he was too tired.
"Yes you are!"
"Do you really think this'll help you take down Metatron?" Dean asked, his voice rough.
Cas gulped and turned to Sam.
"Then what?" Sam asked in a small voice.
"Dean?" Sam asked when his brother stayed silent.
"Not the sum of its parts, huh?"
"Hey Dean?" Sam asked, turning around. Dean stopped and looked at him. "Why didn't you just tell me you went to a boy's home?"
Dean looked stonily back at his brother.
“Alright, I trust you. Just…if you feel like you’re about to do something stupid, please call me. Anytime.”
Crowley accepted the letter, staring at it as though it were some rare treasure.
"All of them." She whispered, pain shining out through her eyes. "The lost souls. The ones that can't get into heaven now that it's been boarded up. I hear them. They are so confused. They're in so much pain. All I want to do is help them. It's what I do. It's my job. But I can't. So I suffered. Until death, nothingness…suddenly, it didn't seem so bad. It seemed quiet."
He grinned down at her and she playfully slapped him on the arm before pulling out her phone which had begun to vibrate. She conferred with Dorothy for a moment before both of them stepped out of the room only to reenter ten minutes later with Sam, Bobby, and Inias in tow.
"Sorry," He said with false apology, "this box is warded against everything, even wicked witches. Big fan, love your work."
A rush of giddy happiness flowed into Dean from the angel and he glanced over at him. Cas' face was as impassive as ever, but Dean could see the corners of his mouth turned upwards and his eyes soften at Sam's thanks.
There was more silence.
"I don't know, Dean."
Dean shrugged and cleared his throat. He could see Sam looking worriedly at him from the corner of his eye.
Dean sighed and looked at Cas, who looked back impassively, and Sam, who had settled on the bed opposite and had his 'concerned brother' expression on.
"Well that didn't help Muriel much, did it?"
"Yeah, that's the one."
"Damnit!" Dean yelled, slamming his fist into the side of the phone booth. He'd heard no word from the guy since they'd talked the day before.
"Wait, what? Cas is an angel again?"
"But it was your job, right?" the younger Winchester threw back. "To protect the garden? To protect God's finest creation? Nice going."
She glanced over at him with a suggestive eyebrow raised.
Cas fixed his gaze on Dean's
"Because you need one."
"Until then," Dean added, "You'll stay here."
He lifted Sam's head and torso up onto his lap, cradling the still body to his chest and rocking back and forth, broken sobs wracking his body as he wept into his brother's hair.
Dean's apathy scared Sam more than anything else. He was used to butting heads with a brother who was as stubborn as a particularly obstinate mule. He was used to fighting tooth and nail for his way.
"Hey Dean, did you miss me?"
"Thank you, Crowley. You are a good man."
and his precious hold on the last of his temper had snapped.
His phone rang and Dean set his food down to answer it.
Castiel frowned but followed, familiar enough with his youngest sister's flair for the dramatic to trust her.
Bobby was knee deep in dead end Leviathan research when the boys showed up. It always sent up a red flag when they showed up without calling ahead of time and he scrutinized the brothers as they entered the cabin and exchanged terse pleasantries with him. Or at least Sam did. Bobby watched as the younger Winchester pocketed the car keys.
Silence settled over the kitchen as Dean and Sam went back to their meals and Cas grabbed a hold of Dean's hand under the table, squeezing it and stroking over the skin as Dean attempted to finish his sandwich one-handed.
"Dean."
"Well, we need to broaden your culinary horizons so why don't I just make both?"
Sam sighed, deciding to ditch subtlety. This was Castiel after all.
"Bullshit!" Dean growled. "What did you do to him?!"
Dean scrubbed at his eyes, still fighting his hangover despite the coffee and painkillers.
He turned back to the hunter with a humbled look on his face.
The light was growing in intensity as the angel's thrusts quickened, speeding up to match the gasping of his breaths and the pounding of his heart. He looked down at Dean, his blue eyes bluer, his dark hair wilder.
"I am here for you, Castiel."
“Mutually assured destruction.” He said after a beat.
"Hmm. I have no intention of touching her."
"Key." He commented, "Keys are kept in the kitchen love."
Curiosity flowed through whatever the hell it was and Dean was getting surer and surer by the minute that it was Cas.
"Good. Then it's settled. You can start today and crash here until you find a place of your own."
They were in some kind of warehouse, dank and damp. They had been there for hours now, longer, depending on how long they had been out for, and the sounds of screams and whips could be heard echoing through the stone and metal walls. It reminded Dean uncomfortably of Hell.
"Uh, no. Yeah, I'm just, uh…I'll be fine."
"I apologize for not giving you more warning but I have wanted to do that for some years and now seemed like a good time to try."
There were tears in the younger hunter's eyes as he looked at his big brother, so strong in some way and so very weak in others.
"Are there any other possible effects from this…grace thing?"
"Maybe good things do happen to Winchesters." he murmured to himself as he drained the last of his milk.
"Good." He murmured before passing out.
She smiled, eyes sad, before she rushed forward and impaled herself on the sword.
"What?"
"Not really. I just remember feeling…peaceful. You know?"
Cas' smile grew.
What he really needed was for everything to go back to the way it was, this forced kindness only emphasized that fact that everything was different now.
"Crowley, please, I would like to speak with you."
Dean leant up and captured Castiel's lips in a searing kiss, grabbing hold of Cas' hips and pulling him in, moving slightly against him as he slipped his tongue into the other man's mouth, shivering with sensation as he rocked against the angel above him.
"Jesus," Crowley said, running a hand over his face and through the beard that had grown on his cheeks in his inattention, "You need some serious lessons in pop culture, you know that?"
"Umm I—" he swallowed.''
"What? No! That's not what I meant. What I meant was that-"
"Of course not Dean. Hell, there's so much shit we got to deal with in this life of ours it seems stupid to care about something like that." He brought a hand up to rest on Dean's shoulder. "I consider you my son Dean, and I love you. No matter what."
Dean nodded.
Dean nodded in agreement.
Dean let out a long-suffering sigh.
"You know what? Never mind, I shouldn't have asked. It's none of my business. Forget about it."
"What?"
"You're here. You may know the situation. There is a blood feud between two factions."
"This ain't your fault."
(See the end of the chapter for
The guy frowned.
"I understand. Even growing up in this day and age it's a difficult thing to come to terms with."
He looked up at Cas who had a blank expression on his face.
The screen door opened and Dean stepped out.
Sam nodded.
Dean's mouth turned up in a small smile and he locked eyes with Cas.
"Shut up Sam! Bobby, I don't want to talk about it! I'm not ready alright?!"
Cas caressed his cheek.
"Good." He said jovially, producing a lollipop of all things from his inside pocket and divested it of its clear plastic wrapper before popping it into his mouth and turning to exit the roadhouse.
A motel sign lit up the darkness and Dean pulled the Impala into the lot, parking and killing the engine. Sam woke up and glanced at the time.
Dean sat back, his eyes red from the tears and heavy-lidded from the booze. Sam could tell he wouldn't be conscious for very much longer but he was talking for the first time in months and Sam wanted to keep him going for as long as he could.
I love you all, please don't hate me.
"Dean…" Sam trailed off, not knowing what to say. He could feel his brother's strong form shaking violently under his hand and he gave a gentle tug. Dean lowered his hand enough to cast a hesitant glance at his brother.
"That…humming. The forest, the earth, everything."
"Goodbye, Castiel." she answered.
They broke away and Dean swiped surreptitiously at his eyes while Sam passed a parcel over to the angel.
"You could say that."
Sam sighed.
"The angel tablet has power. If Metatron can harness that power…who knows what he may be able to do."
"Hey, hey, it's okay." Sam soothed, rubbing his back as Dean wept into his shirt.
Dean looked confused. Sam looked somber.
"The prophet Chuck?" Charlie asked disbelievingly.
Cas nodded.
"What happened are you alright?" he asked, moving to Sam's other side.
"No." he answered firmly. "I can't."
Dean sighed and wound an arm around the angel's shoulder, pulling him in and pressing a kiss to his hair. The angel rested his head against Dean's shoulder and a cough escaped him, which turned into a fit and Dean shut his eyes against the wrongness of it all.
“Thanks Bobby.” He said, clapping the gruff older man on the shoulder.
Sam was only partially up because of research, mostly it was because a few hours prior Dean had gruffly announced he was 'going out' and Sam was worried that this exact scenario would play out.
Cas deserved to know the truth. Regardless of how hard it would be for Dean to tell him or how painful it would be for the fallen angel to hear it, he needed to know.
He turned and glanced around the room, trying to decide the best place to begin his hunt for the tablet.
He groaned as he stirred, "That was unpleasant," he murmured and Dean let out a sigh of relief as Sam came barreling into the room, gun at the ready.
"Colorado." Dean answered, making for the door in search of a wheelchair to get his brother out of the hospital, "Metatron used his grace to cast the angels out. I'll explain everything once we get out of here."
He already was alone.
Cas' cheeks flushed at the praise and his mouth turned up in a small smile.
To: Sam
"Nice try, but you're not. I've met Ezekiel. He's much more boring than you."
"I'm gonna take a shower, feel free to eat, I'll be out in a sec."
Cas seemed to consider Dean's words.
Ever since Castiel had first kissed Dean, all their kisses had ended the same way: with Dean eventually pulling back and either going to sleep or off to do something else, leaving Cas feeling frustrated and unsatisfied and he had been ruminating on the possible reasons for this behaviour. He understood that after kissing came sex and he also knew that Dean was no stranger to that particular act, nor was he particularly shy about it given his proclivity for it. So what was it? Castiel knew that, prior to him, Dean's sexual partners had been exclusively women, leading him to conclude that the problem was with his gender. But Dean hadn't been averse to kissing him.
The kiss began softly, sweetly; a gentle touch of lips that sparked far more sensations than such a small gesture ought to. Dean sucked a breath in though his nose and brought a hand up to tangle in Castiel's short, dark hair, tilting his head and pushing ever so slightly, moaning as Cas responded in kind. Dean pulled back, using the hand that was in Cas' hair to guide the man along with him until he was lying back against the pillows with Cas hovering above him.
Dean frowned.
After breakfast and a few hours spent lounging around the bunker in Dean's borrowed clothes, Dean had announced that Castiel needed a wardrobe of his own.
crap was Cas flirting with him?
Cas shook his head as Dean rubbed calming circles on his back, clearly prepared for a panic attack, which Castiel had had on occasion.
Jody pulled him in, rubbing slow, comforting circles into his back as he fought to get his breathing under control.
"I would like that." Castiel said, taking a step towards the hunter.
"You know? I think I like it without the tie." he suggested, undoing the top button and letting the collar fall open.
Damnit Cas.
"No but, you died! Lucifer killed—"
"What's he doing?" he mouthed.
She smiled.
He could feel it. The humanity, creeping up on him. Infecting, invading. The weight of the knowledge of all that he had done settling heavily upon his shoulders. He tried to push it back, file it away, but he could still feel it, like a wild creature clawing his insides to bits. He looked up.
Castiel moved forward slowly, as though approaching an injured animal.
Angels didn't cry.
"Dean, even when Cas was an angel before he still spent most of his time with us. With you."
"It means you needed my help so I did what was necessary. I healed you. And in the process, I left some of my grace behind."
Sam moved forwards and once again reached out for his brother. This time Dean let him.
Happy Halloween!!
"They were buried alive."
Cas stared up at Dean, blue eyes wide, pleading.
at him like he was one second away from breaking apart into a million pieced.
Dean glanced over at him.
"Heather." She answered breathlessly as the two made their way back to her table. Before she sat down, she turned back and gave Dean and Cas a little wave. "It was nice to meet you two."
Dean sighed and sat back.
Later, when he and Cas were cuddled together in the silence of their darkened room, when Dean was stroking through the soft feathers at the base of Castiel's wings and the angel was writing nonsense Enochian symbols onto Dean's bare skin, he whispered, "I wish it were that easy."
Castiel sighed.
"I promise."
"You're wrong, you know." he said as he paused, turning back, "You may have done terrible, horrible things. You may have tortured and maimed and killed. You may have bought and damned countless souls, but none of that means you don't deserve a chance at redemption. And it doesn't mean you deserve to go to Hell. Not if you want to make up for it."
Cas opened his mouth but before he could say anything, his eyes rolled back and his lids closed and Dean shook the angel as he reached around to thread his fingers through his hair.
"What?" Sam asked as he held Dean upright.
Dean nodded.
"Don't you dare, Dean."
"Yes."
"Is that really all you have to say?"
It was lame and Dean knew it but Castiel smiled minutely.
"Thank you." he said softly, uncertainly.
He played with Mary and Sam, he laughed, he hugged his mom and his younger brother, he drew pictures and played with toy cars and showed baby Sammy all of his favourite things and Dean saw the carefree wonder reflected in his own eyes and felt unburdened.
"I–I don't really know."
"What do you mean?"
Dorothy gaped at the information and her gaze drifted as she struggled to take it all in.
"Stop?" Ephram interrupted, his brow creasing as he failed to comprehend Castiel's plea. "I won't stop until I wash clean the planet of all suffering."
"So, how was today? I know it's not the most stimulating work but-"
"Yeah, I've been getting stronger everyday. Probably won't need the chair much longer which will be nice since most of this place isn't exactly handicapped friendly."
"Thank you Sam."
Dean fought to catch his breath.
"Why?" he asked almost silently.
Cas looked over at him and grinned, and Dean grabbed the toothbrush before it could fall out.
"By this Gadreel guy?"
"Nothing!"
"Cas." he asked in disbelief.
Dean nodded, taking in the tattoo, heat pooling in his belly at the idea of an inked up Castiel.
"You are to me Dean." He replied truthfully.
patient.
Cas looked back at the racks upon racks of pants and shirts and sweaters and jackets. He looked back at Dean.
Sam closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose as Dean grinned at what he perceived to be a grand victory.
"So what was that all about, 'D-dog'?"
There were many things he could no longer sense. As an angel he could see everything. All the atoms and chemicals and molecules that made up all that there was, the building blocks of the universe, constantly in motion, constantly shifting, growing, changing. He had been able to see too, what the humans saw, the whole picture as it were. That was what he saw now and, though a part of him missed the wider picture, he was much more interested in exploring the flood of feelings he was now experiencing without the filter of his angelic self.
Dean looked up surreptitiously to see how Cas was enjoying the song but stood and moved to him when he saw that the other man was standing frozen against the bar, eyes fixed on the speakers and tears trickling in silent tracks down his cheeks.
Robin rolled her eyes.
"Hi Dean," the speaker was a girl, young by the sound of her voice, and obviously nervous to be speaking, "I'm gay and it hasn't been an easy thing for me to deal with, I'm just wondering what sort of advice you would give to your fans who are maybe struggling with their sexual identity and having a hard time coming to terms with that."
So this takes place during 9x04. It basically follows the plot of the episode (with minor details changed and things added obviously) so if some of the dialogue sounds familiar, that's probably because I didn't write it and you're remembering it from the show.
Dean stared incredulously.
Sam seemed to be trying to contain laughter at Cas' childishly excited expression.
The words cut deep. Piercing to the heart of him and throwing light on every little nook and cranny of his dark subconscious. It was true, what she was saying, wasn't it? That was exactly what his father had turned him into. Daddy's blunt little instrument. Doing whatever it took to get the job done. Doing the unthinkable so that others didn't have to. That was his job because he was unclean. And he knew that, had always known. Ever since that night John had come home reeking of José and thrown him down on that month's bed. He could still smell the stench of his father's breath, the squealing of the bedsprings as though they were trying to cry out on his behalf, and his own complacency. That was the part that made it ten times worse. That he hadn't fought. That he hadn't done anything to stop his drunken father from violating him as he spewed vitriolic commentary on the state of Dean's sexual proclivity. He'd just lain back and let it happen. Perhaps he'd wanted it all along. Perhaps some sick part of himself had actually enjoyed the experience. Perhaps that was the same part of himself that had complied when that motel landlord suggested an alternate means of payment.
