“An hour wouldn’t have made any difference, love.” Peggy tried to assure the frantic Omega, her nose wrinkling against the sour tint of
. “But the sentiment stands. I want you good and pampered and relaxed, sweetheart. Take a day, take a weekend, if the gift card isn’t enough just call me and I’ll pay for the rest, I don’t care.”
His throat felt like it was on fire and his head was fuzzy, but Tony scrubbed at his body as best he could in the lukewarm water and the last bit of bar soap left in the dish. He hadn’t made it to the store for the weeks supplies before Pete had gotten sick and now there was nothing in the house-- not soap, not an extra tube of toothpaste, not even a can of soup to heat up and try to drink down, no clean laundry…
He sucked in a sharp breath when Steve’s eyes snapped possessive red. “--um you could keep one in your studio maybe? You said I was your muse, so…”
“The issue with your second shelf is that it’s all non fiction expositions.” Tony pulled away and tapped at the spine of one of the books. “Here’s one on the consequences of war, another on the psychological ramifications of fame, one on the struggle of an Alpha to understand who they are and where they fit into the biological and sociological main frame of our world without succumbing to the more Neanderthal tendencies of the gender… I mean, who the hell reads these at all much, much less more than once?”
“Tha’s good.” he slurred softly and Steve rumbled under his breath as he kept stroking gently gently at his mate. “Alpha, s’good. Don’t stop.”
drunk conversation the night of Tony’s birthday when he’d more than likely spouted some over the top romantic bullshit that the Omega had been nice enough to just laugh over but they’d only had text conversations since then and now Steve felt like he must have missed huge
“Definitely yell a little louder about me having a sugar daddy, I don’t think the guy on the first floor heard you.” Tony scowled at him. “And
“You know what? He’s right.” she finally said, and Bucky nearly fell over laughing at the look of consternation on Steve’s face. “He’s right, Steve. That spaghetti is something else. Good for you, feed that Omega some noodles and definitely get some bedroom time in. Easy peasy.”
“Yes.” Tony rolled his eyes and tried to smile again, baring his fangs this time so Steve would know he was teasing. “Yes, I think my hair is safe.”
After another minute of indecision, Tony ignored the message from Steve and texted his boss and Clint instead.
“In the morning?” Tony’s dark eyes darted towards the baby, fingers clenching nervously at his pants. “Steve, we weren’t really planning on being here in the morning.”
In a part of town far from Brooklyn Heights, Tony’s phone beeped with a message request and the Omega looked over at the measly three dollars, over at where Peter slept innocent and unawares, then down at the picture of the Alpha with sunshine blond hair and
knowing you’re going to be here in the morning.” Steve turned off the last lights, then leaned in to kiss Tony goodnight, turning the Omega in bed and scooping him in close until Tony’s pert rear was snugged to the Alpha’s hips and Steve was curved protectively around him. “Goodnight, sweetheart.”
“I love you, Tony.” Whisper soft, achingly tentative. “And maybe I should have told you before making a fool of myself at Costco or telling you about the account, but I’m saying it now. I love you, Omega.”
“Maybe next time you just knot me up full--” the gravy was burning, but Tony didn’t care once his Alpha grabbed at his ass and ground
“Then why would this be any different?” he shrugged. “Sounds to me like Steve has everything he wants and he’s giving you the space to decide if he’s what
for company and it had been so long since Tony had been on a date, much less a date in a high end steakhouse that he’d almost forgotten what it was like.
Tony nearly choked when Steve shoved his face right into his ass, when the lace tore beneath Steve’s teeth and a thick pressure swirled at his hole. “F-fuck!
body after seeing Steve half naked, he lifted his hips obediently so the Alpha could drag his leggings down and it did everything
“Literally no chance in the slightest.” The Omega denied, smiling when the Alpha audibly pouted through the phone. “But I’ll come over when I can.”
wide when he saw the bag of chocolate chips, but apparently leaving Tony’s arms to help the Alpha was a step too far, so he shook his head and clung to his Daddy instead.
“You said you hadn’t matched with many people.” Steve started slowly. “But then you set a schedule for two weeks in between dates and I thought maybe that was because you hadn’t matched with many people but you
They paused as the waiter came to deliver food, and Tony poked at the admittedly delicious looking sea bass before saying, “I could go for a walk.”
distracting and Steve had a hard time focusing on the question at hand long enough to answer. “It’s considered prescientific, which basically means they discovered it by mistake. It’s actual alchemy, melting down a metal to create something different and the result is a couple different variations of impure cobalt, which all turn a very specific color blue.
“God, I’m so sorry sweetheart. The thought of you so young and scared like that--” Steve leaned over and kissed Tony square on the lips, grateful to his core that the Omega and Peter had somehow survived. “I can’t even imagine.”
“As much as I love when you draw blood with them pointy fangs of yours, I really think I gotta do this.” Bucky made a concentrated effort to
“Yep, I’m done.” The Beta smiled and even backed up a step to put Steve back at east. “Hey Omega, how you doing? I’m Valkyrie and my personality is an acquired taste.”
“I feel like I’d be inclined towards the Bridezilla thing.” the Omega admitted slowly. “But um-- why the wedding? Is that what you want? Or is it really just for me? Because we don’t have to if you’d rather not.”
“Tony?” Peggy came up the stairs to the apartment as soon as Tony texted to let her know they’d made it back home. “Tony, is Peter okay?”
The Alpha wanted desperately to flatten his palm to Tony’s bonding spot or to search back beneath the unruly curls to find the nape of Tony’s neck and push his fingers in to the sensitive, hormone and nerve laden glands there until the Omega settled sweet and
“Yeah.” Tony took an absentminded bite of the burger, his mind squarely on Steve and the affection that so often turned those blue eyes hazy. “Yeah, I-- I will.”
“Were you painting?” the question was muffled into Steve’s shirt and he glanced down in surprise-- “How did you know?”
. There was no aftercare, I texted him later and he said he’d just left me sleeping, that he figured the heat had worn me out and he even--”
sank into the Omega’s entrance, Steve nearly missed the little bit of lace Tony was wearing, but the Alpha stopped in his tracks when he caught a glimpse of blue on Tony’s leg.
Tony’s brows lowered in confusion and trepidation, not sure where the Alpha was going with the conversation and wondering if he would have to interrupt to stop Steve from asking him to move in or anything else
Steve’s warriors kept their positions, and watched curiously as the dauntless enemy charged at the shield which had now widened across the whole field, which forced those before them through the barrier, thereby tearing them into half.
He would try again, and maybe use Bruce's lodestones to create a force field the next time. Steve sighed at the thought of his dear friend missing his wedding, but the royal healer had been looking quite green in the face a few days ago, so he'd stayed behind in Shieldberg while the wedding party departed. It had only been a few days, but already Steve was beginning to miss his calm presence and wise counsel, which he desperately needed at the moment.
“Oh?” Steve asked as he cupped his left jaw. His thumb grazed Tony’s lips, which parted easily to grant him entrance. He leaned over and pressed his mouth against Tony’s, exploring it thoroughly as if in search of treasure.
The armour began falling from Tony’s body, with two taps of the ring, crumbling into a heap on the rooftop, beside a familiar circular object. Tony picked it up quietly, flinging it away in the opposite direction, while Killian, oblivious to his surroundings, began complaining about the
“I wonder why. I have found most women, your mother included, to be quite uncomplicated,” he said, lowering the eggs into the boiling water. “You, on the other hand, are a hard egg to crack. So, tell me, young sir, what’s bothering you?” he asked.
He basked in the collective good cheer of hopeful young people trying to rebuild their lives, and barely took notice of where he was going, until he realised he was passing fewer shops and more homes, which meant that he was approaching some of the city’s housing projects.
In those moments, Tony wondered if it was a good thing that they'd bonded before he was taken. If he died, his death could kill Steve too.
Tony’s gaze trailed toward his long and strong neck, which widened into broad shoulders and well-built arms. He followed the lines of Steve's body, which tapered toward a narrow waist and what he already knew to be an ample posterior. Objectively, Steve was hot. And he was his husband.
Tony kissed the forehead of his precious husband. Steve felt wonderful, in his arms, and Tony wished for him to stay there forever, cherished and safe from all the dangers of the world.
,” Hill answered. “Widow got us samples during our investigation. The virus, stabilised with Kree blood, resurrected him. Then, we kept him somewhere safe while he recuperated.”
“One of these days, you are going to get us evicted.” Tony remarked evenly when the lift doors closed.
Like shooting stars in the night sky, the fiery arrows rained upon their ship, starting new fires they hurried to put out. They ran to the water pump Tony had constructed and quickly connected the hoses.
“Yes, Steve has been very kind.” He really was. He loved showering Tony with gifts, all sorts of gifts, ranging from the tiny treats in his teacup to large liberties like the workshop which his dad was probably finding out about right now.
“ls your gun up?” Rhodey hissed, after they'd successfully avoided detection by yet another set of guards.
The shield hit the underside of Obie's jaw, and it caused the dragon to step back. “Don’t touch him,” Steve growled, as the anger burned in his eyes.
Finally, the assassin turned to face his targets without his mask for the first time. The room went silent, everyone eager to catch a glimpse of the mysterious attacker’s face.
He nodded mutely as Natasha thanked him for the electroshock batons, too shaken to pay attention to her feedback. But her presence and her voice were a great distraction, which helped the tense minutes tick by.
A marriage was a collision of two worlds, the destruction of individual pasts and the construction of a shared future. A couple often had to give up parts of themselves in order to fit.
“But the drawings,” Tony said, remembering the illustration of the titular hero, Thor, besting the serpent by tricking him into swallowing its tail. It reminded him of what Peter could do with his tail, stretching it infinitely —
Tony should have known that Steve would be a barrier in the way of his recent endeavours. His husband would keep him under lock and key if he could. It was why Tony had created a secret identity to begin with. It was his escape. But after all that they’d been through, Tony thought that Steve would finally see that he was quite capable of taking care of himself and give him a way out.
“You heard the prince,” Steve said, as the knights got up cheerfully to see to Tony’s request and leave them alone.
The beast howled as she thrashed about, her flailing tentacles sweeping their warriors off the deck into the sea, where Redwing was waiting to pick them up. Steve gripped the spear, and tried to hold on despite the violent thrusts, but the kraken was too strong.
All lives were precious – in war and peace, because behind each person who called Valoria home were parents, spouses and children too.
“Wow,” Tony said, when he finally found his voice. “Heard through the grapevine that you were quite the budding artist, but they didn’t say you liked gardening too.”
“Look at how it spins and it rises,” Tony whispered. “It’s been going a long time, that’s amazing, but eventually, it has to fall.”
“Gotta say – that was a hell of a jump,” Tony said, and chuckled at the surprised looks on the other dragons’ faces when Steve made that recklessly brilliant mid-flight leap.
Tony was flooded with relief and also guilt. He didn’t deserve Steve’s forgiveness. He didn’t deserve Steve. After all that he’d done. But he couldn't live without him either. “I was scared,” he said
Alas, the moon waned and the stars dimmed. The images began to slip away until all that was left behind was the emptiness of the bedroom ceiling.
Spring had come early that year, and small flowers were already blossoming on some of the plants. A squirrel scurried ahead of them, disappearing into the trees. And here they were, seemingly together, as they ambled across the carpeted grass, before coming to a stop in front of the heartewoode tree.
Holding the purple gem in his hands again, great power surged through Steve’s veins, just like all those years ago, filling him with confidence, courage and the conviction that he was doing the right thing.
“Sorry, what were you - lying?” Tony asked as he flipped the screen towards the director. It had the plan for a missile.
It was going to be fine. He’d practised. He just needed to lean over and press his lips against this smaller set of soft, pink pillows. The prince’s warm breath was against his skin and his eyes were already closed.
“Tony,” Steve cut in, softly, to get his attention, but Tony merely hummed. “Tony, hey,” he repeated, a little louder.
The icy water cleansed away everything superfluous, drowning out the distractions. In a chilling moment of clarity, his body learnt that oxygen was what his cells needed to survive. Nothing else mattered.
It felt like being swept into the midst of a powerful tornado, as Tony curled into a ball, and sank low into the ground to anchor himself to the marble floor.
Strange was already on the battlefield practising how to create a large energy shield around their army to form a barrier. It would be from the inside of this bubble that they would observe their enemy up close, which gave them the chance to adapt their strategies if necessary.
Bruce shut his eyes, rubbing his temples. “At least he has a flying suit of armour with top-of-the-line Stark weaponry.”
Tony stiffened in response to the volley of accusations. It was all or nothing. “And, so what if I did?” he demanded, standing his ground, putting his fists and all of his cards on the table.
Lightning struck outwards in concentric circles, and the berserkers fell in waves. Their bodies lay on the flowering fields, with the wild growing sword-lilies and blades of grass a tribute to the brave fighters who had once battled their hearts out and earned their heavenly rest.
before it lost its momentum and staggered on the last of its revolutions and came to rest on its side.
The undergrowth was dense, but there were wide enough spaces between the trees for easy passage. With his scales providing superior protection against wildlife and the elements, Tony chose to stay in his dragon form.
Tony gasped at the painful intrusion. In those moments, with his eyes watering and head feeling like it might explode, he wondered if he would survive it at all. It would have been easier to let her in, so she could find whatever she wanted, and leave.
Above them, the silver dracanix continued to hover, extinguishing new fires and providing support whenever possible. Together, they kept the fires from spreading, but the enemy kept up the assault and before long, new fires were starting faster than they could be put out.
How Tony could bring himself to be involved in the training of dragons remained a mystery, and Steve was both envious and frustrated that his husband had volunteered himself for such a treacherous job. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust Tyranaksthon - he did. The dragon was caring and kind. More importantly, he'd kept Tony safe the other day on the island, and for that, he had Steve’s eternal gratitude.
“We like to think that every star was once a soul, and each of them will always have a place in our hearts,” Steve told him, as he slipped into one of his melancholic moods. “A legendary hero like you might even have your own constellation someday. I might not live to see it, but when I look up and see
“It’ll be fine,” Steve answered, rubbing his back. “They’ll have elections, choose Bucky this time.”
When Tony heard keys turning in their lock at two in the morning, he burst out of his bedroom and hurried down the stairs.
Steve made a choking sort of noise. “Careful there, Mr. Stark,” he said in a low voice. “Keep that up and I might fall for it.”
“Warm enough?” Steve asked, after covering him carefully with the duvet so he felt warm, so warm, inside and out.
The knights were already gathered where their border guards had spotted the Anguisian - on a cliff overlooking the sea.
A rocket-propelled grenade launched Steve off the freeway, through the windows of a bus. Nat leapt off after him, disappearing from their screens.
“Thank you,” he said, as he acknowledged the truth behind her words. Bordered by impenetrable mountains on the north, east and west, Armestria was vulnerable only in the south, where Valoria stood. So long as Valoria kept the invaders at bay, Armestria would be out of harm's way.
you get one?” Tony asked, genuinely curious. It was just as Yinsen had suggested then - that all dragons had a special name, one they had to speak aloud in order to complete the transformation, at least the first time.
Tony panicked at the sight of the broken stylus in his hands. Steve hadn’t given him permission to touch his turntable. But he also hadn’t forbidden him from touching it. Still, he didn’t want to explain what he was trying to do. He didn’t want to tell Steve about his tinkering and his precious toolbox. He wasn’t ready to give it up just yet.
“I just want to keep you safe,” Steve explained, as the elevator continued its journey to their floor.
The Ten Rings never stood a chance against him in the Mark I. They tried, oh how they tried. But their gunfire and explosions were pathetic and useless against his armour.
Without any power, he could only rely on the force to send him hurtling towards the mothership. He deposited the missile as close as he could to the thermal exhaust port and watched it implode in a supernova, with the rest of the armada. It was a heavenly sight.
It was inspiring to think about what the stones could do, but all Steve could focus on was something far closer to home. “Do you – do you know how?” he asked, interrupting Pietro’s story.
“Oh but one can learn a lot about people - from the way they ride,” Tony pointed out, looking longingly at the horses.
“Oh, wow. Pep. She’s a very, very impressive individual. She’s fluent in French, Italian, Russian, Latin. Who speaks Latin?" he asked, looking up from his tablet for a brief moment.
“It needs some getting used to,” Rhodey agreed. “I mean we’ve always known you were special. But Tyranaksthon - you? Who would have thought?”
“And this must be Prince Anthony,” Thor continued, as he turned to Tony. “We warmly welcome you to our ranks.”
“Yes, but at what cost?” he quietly asked. “What if Strange hadn’t seen you falling? What if I hadn’t got to you in time?”
The very first time Tony found the bottle of pink pills on his dressing table, he’d been overjoyed and relieved. Steve was giving him options. So he didn’t have to bond with a complete stranger. But the innocuous-looking pink pills were now becoming a cruel reminder that Steve had no interest in bonding with him. And he was rejecting him, month after month, in the kindest way he knew.
“Honey Bear!" he sighed, "I’m doing more than just walking,” Closing his eyes, he concentrated on inhaling Rhodey's safe, happy scent for a good, long minute.
“Homo Sapiens,” Thanos scoffed, and his frightful features twisted in a cruel sneer. “You were made to be ruled, and in the end, you will always kneel.”
“Thank you,” Steve said, going for that tiny grey area between confidence and modesty. “You must know that the accounts of battles are often embellished.”
“And now, I’ve ruined everything. Was there anything? You shouldn’t have married me. I'm not good enough.”
“Homo Draconi and their gems,” Tony retorted, almost on instinct, as he masked his concern for Steve, who was being held by magic against another marble column at the end of the room.
“I’m fine,” Steve assured him, even though he secretly wished he would catch fire and burn with the house that held all these painful memories for him. Maybe it was only then that he’d finally be bright enough for his beautiful star.
With Rhodey around to handle any accidents, Tony felt confident enough to join the crew. He added a number of new drinks to the menu, and thrilled their guests when he set the spirits on fire, mostly for dramatic flair.
Rhodey shook his head. “Here’s the thing. He’s said nothing, nothing at all. No one, not even his inner circle knows why you left. To them, Tony is Tony and you are you. It’s a grand mystery why the prince has fled with you to the mountains.”
Steve hesitated as he glanced at Strange’s dwindling supply, wondering if they were better off reserving the fluid for Tony’s treatment. “I don’t think –” he began.
Loki waved his arms, and they saw the conjured dragon reaching for the last gem, glowing bright and purple above the middle of the dining table. When the beast clapped his forelimbs, and brought the stones together, it caused an explosion of white light, which rained down on them in sparks.
Tony looked incredulously at him. Aunt Peggy had been full of praise for the captain's situational awareness. Did he really need him to spell it out? “It doesn't matter, at least not anymore. It’s done,” he mumbled.
He half-expected Steve to hear the ruckus and join them at some point, but there was still no sign of him after he’d served what had to be the hundredth flaming drink that evening. He did, however, find Sam and Bucky lying in a corner, looking ready to pass out.
Steve sank down beside him and leaned his back against the trunk. “You had me riding around in circles. If I didn’t know better, I’d say you were trying to run away."
Knowing that Tony was a dragon, like the good-natured Peter, and the honourable Rhodes, and how even Wanda and Pietro could see past their own pain to do what was right, Steve realised that it had never been the dragons he feared, but pure, unadulterated evil.
After his ordeal, Steve developed a protective streak a mile long. The Avengers were tolerated because he trusted them with his own life and Tony’s safety by extension of that. But everyone else was expected to keep a safe distance of as-far-as-possible, as a number of people found out (the hard way).
If you see this story as having three acts, I would say the first act ended with the sixth chapter, with Tony and Steve making their marriage "real".
“Uh- You know I’m like a sure thing, don’t you?” he tried, feeling his way around this strange, new situation.
. Not in any universe. Stop trying to fit in,” Bucky said, calling Steve out for wearing undersized T-shirts.
“Yeah,” he said, his hand on the arc reactor. “Was I the right guy in the right place at the right time? Because you obviously didn't marry me for my perfect body.”
“I freaked out,” Steve explained. “I wanted to protect the one thing I can’t live without. That’s you.”
Everything was his fault. Tony didn’t need him. He never had. He’d lived for months up in the mountains like a dragon should, until he’d come at Steve’s call.
Steve had guarded the heartstone for years, and for Tony, he’d gladly do so for many more, but going by the looks of encouragement his friends were giving him from across the bed, it was time to let it go.
Then, he fired up his blasters to take him to the control room on the upper deck, where he successfully switched the server blades.
It all made sense to him now – his instant attraction to Steve, how it had felt like magic, and indeed, it was.
“But, the little guy who built an arc reactor, and a kickass suit, in a cave, with a box of scraps,” he began, squeezing his shoulder lightly. “I’m following him.”
He couldn’t contain the smile spreading across his face, as he read the comic about two married engineers,
“That works,” they piped in unison, gazing lovingly into each other’s eyes, as they held hands across the table.
Like Howard, Tony was more than a little obsessed. He kept his posters and a complete collection of his cards. They were mint. Was it impertinent to ask him to autograph them, now that they were about to be married?
Outside, the sky was on fire and Tony’s face was aglow with the last of the day’s rays. While twilight was upon them, the setting sun, together with the stars it would bring, was a promise that daylight would return after a long, dark night.
“I will kill you.” Steve threatened and the other Alpha snort laughed. “Bucky, I swear to god. Just come over, watch a movie, give him a bath, put him to bed, make him breakfast in the morning. It’s not that big of a deal.”
The Omega cried out hoarse just before he was lost, rippling tight around the cock buried in his core, grinding down against the start of Steve’s knot as the Alpha swore through kiss after claiming kiss, fumbling and grasping until he could grab at Steve and yank him in for another bite, bruising his fangs through sweat tangy skin until he could taste
“Good.” the Alpha decided, fingers tightening briefly at Tony’s thigh. “Can I take you shopping tomorrow? I wasn’t thinking a whole lot when I ripped your panties earlier, but I just realized that means you don’t have underwear for tomorrow, and if this is going to become a regular thing for us then you need some clothes to keep here.”
week Steve sat in his loft and drew delicate lines of gold across his canvas, swirling them into petals through the geometric designs he’d scattered on the ivory paper. The corners of the usually harsh shapes were blunted and curved, bright ruby and hot rod red and darkened scarlet all entwined into almost squares and not quite hexagons and nearly triangles, soft edges but steady lines, gorgeous curves and unrelenting purpose.
, okay? I was all ready to expose you and figure out your secrets but Omega, as soon as I figured out the secrets you were keeping was about that cute kid and how bad things really were for you, I didn’t care about anything else.”
Peggy inclined her head towards Peter knowingly, and Tony nodded. Though Peggy had never had any children of her own, she knew the stereotype of Alphas not adopting another’s child and understood firsthand how strong the instinct to raise and nurture their
, Tony. I thought the secret life was maybe you havin’ another sugar daddy or maybe lyin’ about the kid, I didn’t know you were this-- that your life was so damn--”
… it wasn’t Steve’s fault he was unknowingly always in second place behind Peter in the race for Tony’s attention.
“...no.” The Omega admitted, partly to Peggy and partly to himself. “Steve makes me feel like I’m worth anything.
Steve shouted with laughter and wrestled Tony in close, covered him in kisses and then grabbed at the blankets to  keep Tony warm.
Steve clambered onto the bed and braced himself on all fours over Tony, easing further into the pillows until he could stretch out on top of the Omega and delve the kiss
behind their eyes as Steve rutted forward and forward trying to keep his mate full, pheromone laced blood like sugar pouring down his throat.
“I’ll be an absolute brat if you keep this up.” Tony warned breathlessly, wine drunk and giggly shimmying out of his pants so the Alpha could drag them away. “I’ll get used to this sort of treatment and be
Tony put his phone down and collapsed back onto the bed with Peter, curling around the toddler and trying to let the sleepy baby scent calm his nerves.
Bucky hadn’t realized was choking him up until he saw physical proof that Tony was eating regular meals.
“So those are all commissions.” Tony inclined his head towards the piles of canvas at the walls. “Bought and paid for?”
the first hard yank made the bear at the top of the stack wobble and wibble and fall and the toddler went
“No, don't be sorry, no need to be sorry.” Steve rumbled possessive and pleased when Tony tried to inch closer. “I was willing to wait. Just happy you’re here now.”
, Peter took off just as fast he could, beelining towards the display with what could only be called a
He ground forward again and the Omega moaned shakily, grateful, pursing his lips for kiss after adoring kiss. It was
and it’s not Tony’s fault that I fell for him right off the bat. That’s on me and you can’t be mad at him for
“Are you sure?” Steve looked so handsome worried that Tony had to kiss him again. “Cos I know this is an arrangement and all, but please don’t ever think--”
“Mr. Carbonell you would be the most beautiful Omega on the planet even if you wore a potato sack.” Steve decided, and while Tony kept giggling, he drew his fingers over the line of Tony’s jaw to the corner of the Omega’s gorgeous mouth and crooned, “Let me in right here, baby. Open up right here.”
...and just then, despite what he'd told Bucky, despite this being an arrangement and not a relationship, despite it only being the third date and them only having shared one kiss, Steve knew right in his soul he never wanted Tony to leave.
“You haven’t screwed up one of the burgers.” Tony pointed out tiredly. “You actually did a really good job filling every single one of my orders, I can tell from over here.”
“I don’t care about why you were returning it.” Steve echoed his earlier sentiment, cupping Tony’s chin and thumbing gently at his bottom lip. “I’m happy you liked it, but I’m
“You tell me if you want me to stop.” Steve rolled off the bed only long enough to kick out of his pants and underwear. “Tony, tell me if you want me to stop.”
“Yeah well, you’ve got me all hot and bothered cooking me dinner and wearing a dress like that.” Steve felt around for the corner of the blanket and wiped at Tony’s hand. “Don’t make a mess of it, babydoll. You’ll get all sticky.”
you. If any one of my friends found out you had Pete, they’d be tripping over themselves to make sure you didn’t have to put yourself through dates with a goofus me to pay the bills. If I hadn’t already been in love with you, Bucky would have probably taken you to
“We own the place so there’s no lease, but we’d be happy to sign a contract for you to live there for a year at a time so if you decide to break up with us at any point, you don’t have to worry about suddenly having to find a new place.” Natasha added. “Does that sound alright?”
wide, but thankfully Steve was still looking at their hands as he haltingly explained, “That’s what we were always supposed to do, you know? Back before the war? You grow up, meet someone and fall in love, get married and pop out a couple kids. But I was small and I was sick and hell, even back then I knew I didn't like dames. But it’s still stuck in my head that
Steve slipped down the slimy head and plunged his spear into her forehead again to get a grip. The beast let out another howl of anguish, wailing as she rocked her head wildly to be rid of the pain.
Horrified, Tony raced to the edge, only to fall back in shock as loud shrieks pierced his ears. He stood in Redwing’s shadow and watched the falcon soaring above them, holding the messenger in his talons as broad wings carried them to sea, presumably to fling the man back on his ship.
“These swords,” Obie explained, as he flashed them a grin full of teeth. “My spears,” he continued, while brandishing his talons in Tony’s face.  “And of course, the shields,” Obie added, as he twisted his body to show off his scales gleaming in the light.
While Peter was having fun sprinkling cheese over the noodles, Tony wiped his hand and reached for his phone, humming and bouncing Peter gently as he read the message.
care about meeting the friends and instead just wanted to fall into bed and let the Alpha take care of him.
“Are you going to go home with Steve for Memorial Day?” Natasha asked as most of the other friends moved away to tune back into the game, green eyes sharp as she zeroed in on Tony. “I’m
The Omega frowned at his side reflection. “Peggy, is it obvious I’ve had a kid? Are my hips a little too wide, my tummy a little too round? Clint insists I’m pretty enough to be a sugar baby but--”
When Tony got home, the house was quiet. The kitchen was dark and only one lamp on in the living room and when he went up to the bedrooms, both Steve and Peter were nowhere to be found.
“Oh hey guys!” Clint grinned-- and maybe blushed a little bit-- when he looked up and saw his next table was none other than Bucky and Natasha. “Good to see you.”
he wasn’t going to mention it was a crappy twenty four hour diner who paid him half minimum wage to cater to a customer base of mostly drunks and too aggressive clients who’d been banned from other eating establishments.
“And don’t say flowers.” The Alpha shook his head, cutting Tony off. “Don't say flowers for your gift, because that doesn’t count. I’ll send you flowers no matter what. What do you really want for your apartment or-- or is there a spa you want to go to? A resort I can send you to for the weekend? What do you want for your twenty-first birthday?”
“People are totally gonna judge us when we say were dog parents, but its okay.” Tony tickled the soft skin of Archie’s belly. “I already bought a stroller, so they can judge us while we take him to the park and buy him expensive treats.”
, it was difficult to make conversation and maintain a a successful first date with an Omega while licking barbecue sauce off fingers, and
“It's alright.” Tony whispered, and the Alpha groaned something unintelligible, set the plates aside and sat back down so he could frame Tony's face in both his hands and kiss him harder. A strong arm went like steel around Tony's little waist, the shirt rucking up his back and making Tony gasp all over again when calloused fingers swept over a strip of bare skin.
“How are you?” Tony frowned and reached to rub at Clint’s leg, then up to brush at the shaggy blond strands at the base of Clint’s neck. “You look tense, do you want me to settle you a little bit?”
“That’s good.” Tony hooked his leg around Steve’s waist and pushed into the next thrust, dug his nails into Steve’s back and yanked him in tighter, trying to spur the big blond on a little
The morning of May 30th, Bucky found himself down by the 1 Hotel Brooklyn Bridge purely because the hot dog stand at the corner served the best bratwurst in the city. The sausages were long enough to make a less confident Alpha self conscious, they came smothered in sauerkraut and served on some honestly fuckin’ delicious buns and were
There was a little old lady laughing at something the Omega said, holding a bouquet of flowers and carrying a gift bag no doubt full of the expensive toiletries the hotel left in all the rooms and alright sure, maybe Tony was helping the old Alpha with her bags or walking her to her car or whatever else nice polite Omega’s did when old ladies asked for assistance.
“That’s the one.” The Omega confirmed, “But he asked to talk to me privately so I’m going to go see him first. You can knee cap him after.”
a fully licensed PI these days, Mr. Barnes? I’m sure you can handle some detective work by yourself.”
“Like with a new blanket for your bed?” Steve reached behind the couch and held up a gorgeous cashmere blanket in a shade of sunrise golden he’d seen Tony admiring at the store. “How’s that for helping?”
“That’s good.” Tony worked himself on the still distended knot, breath coming high and fast as he rode the Alpha towards the brink again. “Steve that’s good, don’t stop--”
’ pictures Steve had seen had been almost horrifyingly explicit, Omegas in blatantly revealing positions while wearing little to nothing for clothes, their thighs shiny with most likely synthetic slick, lips parted and tongues out as if inviting an Alpha
when he landed or even scramble for balance. It was like laying on a cloud and when the Omega leveraged himself back up to sitting, Steve pointed a finger faux warningly in his direction and ordered, “Stay there.”
is exactly the sort of guy to have a sugar baby?” he wanted to know, and when Tony audibly gagged, Clint nodded. “Yeah okay, but not all sugar daddies are going to be like your sixty year old, super controlling, thinks money gives him the right to be an asshole dad alright? Set your age parameters for someone close to forty.”
“Less concerned about the curfew now that you’ve seen me naked?” Tony teased, but Steve was quick to counter, “
It took every penny of the watch-refund-cash and a little extra from Tony’s box of bills to pay for the visit to Urgent Care and the medicine for Pete.
“Please.” she sniffed haughtily. “You’ve been getting pampered by some gorgeous Alpha while Pete no doubt eats piles of candy. I came home to find your apartment broken into and mostly cleaned out and then you didn’t answer your phone for hours. Our situations are not the same!”
when he saw the repeated missed calls from Steve, the text notifications and the scheduled reminder from his calendar.
The two Omegas worked hard and they worked non stop and even though Bucky couldn’t hear the comments called to the waiters, he could tell just by the shared grimaces or the uncomfortable flush at Tony’s cheeks that most of the conversation directed their way was most likely vulgar, perhaps harassing and almost guaranteed to register as some form of sexual harassment. It made the Alpha
was that still unsatisfied breeding kink his Captain wasn’t quite ready to admit to. “I-- I don’t have any names picked out.”
The smile slipped from Tony’s face, and he cocked his head curiously. “Make an honest man out of me? What does that mean?”
was just a bonus. Tony couldn’t get caught up in kisses and the way Steve crooned his name and forget that this was every bit as much a job as the diner was. A better paying and more enjoyable job, but a job nevertheless so Tony needed to
“I-- wait, no that doesn’t make any sense.” Confusion again, and then a ripple of awareness and realization that looked a little bit like
“Hey babydoll. I’m gonna be late getting home tonight.” Next to call was Natasha, and Bucky kept his binoculars trained on the diner as he spoke to his mate. “Got caught up in a thing, but I’ll let you know when I’m on the way.”
“--then that’s just fine too. I don’t care how it happens, but there will be diamonds or whatever other stone you want there.” he pointed at Tony’s hand. “And silver right here.” a touch at his own throat. “All the other details are up to you. I won’t even fuss at you for being a Bridezilla, do whatever you want, I just want to call you and Pete my family.
“Steve.” Tony sounded hoarse, and Steve’s mind went a hundred horrible directions as to why that might be before the Omega continued, “Hey, I’m sorry. Um, I got sick and have been sleeping most of the last few days. I’m sorry about missing our date.”
“Seven times.” Bucky grinned when Steve froze halfway to rearranging the pillows again. “Seven almost eight times now. Come off it, Stevie. There’s only so many ways the pillows can look and since no one’s gonna sit on that white disaster, no one cares. Focus less on throw pillows and more on dinner.”
small amount of money, if the Omega was in the mood for laughter. Three dollars was an amount of money seventeen-year-old Tony wouldn't have even stopped to pick up if he’d dropped it while out partying with his friends but that-- that had been a different life.
“Maybe,” Tony said. “But once upon a time, you also said dragons weren’t real, and if they were, they were nothing to be afraid of. Yet, here we are.”
Tony jumped when he finally noticed his husband standing in the doorway wearing a look of amusement and a T-shirt at least two sizes too small for his large frame.
Tony allowed Killian to lead him to the elevator, which took them to the rooftop of the hotel. For a while, they quietly observed the traffic passing through Manhattan’s busy streets.
They sat on the beach quietly, looking gravely at the gentle waves lapping against the shore, bringing in the little boats carrying the last of their people back to land. Amidst the sea of faces, Steve could make out a familiar, bright face. Steve took a deep, uneasy breath, as he steeled himself for the hardest thing he’d ever had to do.
Captivated by the magical phenomenon, he hadn’t noticed the kraken’s head disappearing under the water’s surface and a maelstrom forming in her wake.
“Then, I will,” Natasha said, raising her voice in a challenge. “What? You don’t trust me?” she asked when she saw Steve shaking his head, obviously still displeased about her side-mission on the
Tony broke out of his embrace and glared at him in disbelief. “Would it kill you not to think about your pal, your buddy, your Bucky for just a bit? I mean we were having a moment. And now you’ve gone and ruined it,” he said, storming off.
“Tell me what?” Steve demanded, and felt slightly put out at being the last to know something about his husband.
Peter didn’t finish, as the prince coughed loudly and turned red in the face. Then, they were all saved by the bell, indicating that the auspicious hour was upon them.
“Nope. Don’t really have much time to meet people, and the ones I do meet are really nice. I mean they must be if they’re even willing to overlook this,” he added, gesturing to all of himself. “But – I don’t know. Maybe I am being picky, like everyone says, but is it so wrong to want something more?”
The guests were wild with excitement, and Tony had to raise his voice above the din. “And now, we feast!”
“Thank you,” Steve whispered as he dismounted carefully from Tony’s back. The armour must have been uncomfortable, and the helmet was soon removed, with Steve rubbing his aching crown and sore temples. A free hand swept aside the long bangs sticking to his forehead, and it revealed his face in the light of the setting sun.
Hot tears sprang to his eyes. Steve loved him. He really loved him, How he wished to hear him say it, just once.
“What for? We’ll just ask you,” Clint said, before they all turned to stare at Tony who had begun making strange hissing sounds.
They considered going on a vacation, but their dream destinations were worlds apart. Tony wanted to travel to Asgard (by hammer) and Steve wanted to go to New Jersey (by armoured tank). Meeting in the middle didn't quite work because Tony couldn't go anywhere with water, sand and dark places. And Steve couldn't go anywhere with people-who-were-not-Tony.
“Then once more wouldn’t make a difference,” Tony said, as he returned his smile, looking at him with those bright, beguiling eyes he could never say
Steve was more than a little awestruck when Tony shyly presented him with the circular shield, which he instantly loved. Equally suited for attack and defence, it was the ideal weapon for Captain America and all he stood for. The red, white and blue was a nice touch and Steve marvelled at how it moved as he tossed it around, recovering it easily with the electromagnetic panels on his new gauntlets.
Steve looked at him in horrified alarm. “Where’s the princess? I need to help her,” he said, getting to his feet.
The battle scene is based on Avengers: Infinity War with some Return of the King from the LOTR Trilogy.
There are a few countries mentioned, so here are some notes which will hopefully help us keep track of them...
Clint shot them down fairly easily, but with each attempt involving more warriors charging at greater speeds, it wasn’t certain how long they could keep it up. “What do we do?” Clint asked, as he glanced at Steve.
He watched as Steve slept, longing to run his hand through his soft hair, but his right arm was in a sling and his left was cocooned in Steve’s. He ached to lean over and kiss him, lips desperate for the warm skin inches away. But he couldn’t bear to wake his husband, whose exhausted body, still clad in uniform, lay hunched over the gurney.
“We should take a look at that fang. Study the poison and try making an antidote,” Tony said, still holding on desperately to that last glimmer of hope, which Steve dashed by giving him the dagger, where a yellow crystal now sat in place of a basilisk fang.
,” Tony continued, in a conspiratorial whisper. “And not just any dragon, but Thanos, The Mad Titan – and he had his heart set on the stone.”
“That’s what I’m trying to do!” he said, almost shouting. “No, you don’t understand,” he continued, addressing all of them. “Thanos was going to kill me. I shouldn’t be alive, unless it’s for a reason. And I finally know what it is.”
was what he wanted to say, and he did type the words before quickly deleting them. Because it was how he felt. He was sorry. And he hated himself for it.
“On the way to the helicarrier. Fury invited him. Said it would be good for you to have your mate close. Also wanted to see if he could help Dr Banner track the tesseract.”
“The weapons company I’m supposed to liaise with no longer makes weapons,” he said, looking pointedly at Tony. “So, I've got a new job here. Depending on how it goes, I might be here a while.”
He took the hand Steve offered and they made their way down the stairs. Tony’s mind whirled with the possibilities. He figured it was a home office for Steve to do his super-secret administrative work as that’s where he seemed to receive his visitors. Or maybe an art studio for him to work on his paintings.
Tony took the bait. “Really? Steve? Now’s the time to talk about Aristotle? Do you know he also said that blonds have better sex?” Tony began, and Steve raised a brow in encouragement. “You’re blond. So, please enlighten me.”
Steve froze, blue eyes turning to ice. “Bucky?” he asked. His voice loud and clear, a contrast to his face, soft and unreadable.
Armestria, her neighbour in the north, shimmered with silver and gleamed with gold. And when sunlight bounced off her land, it sparkled with the light of precious jewels gifted by the gods. The mountains of Armestria were troves of treasure, yet it was iron ore that her people mined in large volumes. Expert craftsmen toiled in the furnaces and smelted the metal for steel, which they used to forge swords, shields and armour, and they were the finest weapons in the seven realms.
“He just might,” Natasha warned, as she joined the group. “It’ll only be like the time he took Tony’s suit.”
Tony woke up screaming. His arms flailed wildly as he tried to bat away the horrors of the cave. Matted hair clung to his forehead and his clothes were soaked.
“You might as well make your move,” Sam said. “Now that someone is volunteering to take Steve off our hands.”
“When Howard told me that you were going to be married, I put my name on top of the list, scratched all the other names out. The thought of someone getting you, without really getting you, made me physically sick. You shouldn't have to hide who you are. You can only be whoever you were meant to be."
Tony let out a sigh. Briefly, he told Rhodey about Gulmira, Stuttgart, New York, glossing over the details in the interest of time. He told him about his fight with Steve, apologised for going silent and explained his plan to rescue Steve and Nat, throwing out an invitation for his friend to come along. He was desperate for all the help he could get.
"I'd let you go," he whispered, looking into the distance. "Some birds aren't meant to be caged. Their wings are too wide and their songs are too loud. And though life without them is dull and dreary, the world would be brighter with the sight of their feathers and the sound of their songs. If all you want is a sanctuary, that will always be on offer. But if you're looking for a home-" he began, looking at him fondly now, the way Tony realised he always did. "I can give you one too."
He picked up from where Steve had left off, plating the scrambled eggs and bacon before washing up, taking his time to scrub the sink and wipe down the surfaces. It was so annoying, like unfinished sentences or incomplete puzzles, when things were done half-heartedly.
“Well, I’m asking you to marry me. Nothing is ever going be okay. But if we work on it, and I'm prepared to work very hard, we might someday find that we've got ourselves something good. I know I need you. I do a lot of dangerous work, Steve. What if I start a fire in my lab? I will need my personal hero to help me out!”
Bucky laughed. “Thought this arrangement wasn’t about you?” he teased. “Why wouldn’t he like you?” he asked, softer this time.
“We’ve done everything that we can,” Strange assured the queen. “But you have to be prepared,” he added, as he looked briefly in Steve’s direction.
Then, he realised he couldn’t hear his thoughts above the constant ringing in his ears, a consequence of being smacked around, all day, every day. And he was far more interested in finding out which combination of sweat and tears and blood was streaming down his face in rivulets. Still, he kept his chin up and his head held high (or as high as he could while bound in excruciating positions).
“He doesn’t know, does he?” Stane said, once they were out of earshot. When Tony shook his head, he continued, “Go on, then. He’s not watching. Here’s your chance.”
“What is it?” Steve asked as he turned to pick up the wooden box from the mantel. “Because I, too, have something to share.”
“All right. Listen up. Until we can close that portal, we’re going to use containment. Widow and me, we stay on the ground, keep the fighting here. Hawk, I want you on the roof, eyes, and arrows, on everything. Thor, you’ve got to try and bottleneck the portal. Slow them down. You’ve got the lightning. Light them bastards up. Iron Man, you’ve got the perimeter. Anything that gets out gets turned to ash. And Hulk - ” Steve paused, waiting for Bruce to complete his breath-taking transformation.
The Asgardians had used antitoxins to treat snake venom before, with varying degrees of success, so Strange and Bruce had modelled their treatment plan after theirs, with some fine adjustments for a human patient.
“Dude. Captain America needs our help. Now’s the best time to get back in. Are you not ready to follow Captain America into the jaws of death?”
But Tony had to get the routine questions out of the way. “You don’t happen to have dead bodies or a dungeon in your basement by any chance, do you?”
“There’s not enough time. This thing’s moving too fast and it’s headed for New York. I gotta put her in space.”
Tony held on to his elbow. “It’s okay, Steve. I know what I’m doing,” he lied. “Everything is going to work out. You just have to trust me.”
“Not in a position to ask for anything,” Steve said. “But I’ll tell you my priorities. Being honest? I hope, yes. Building trust? We have to, at all costs. And maybe not dying would be nice.”
Max couldn’t fly up to him, not with his wings encumbered by the narrow gorge. His attempts of telekinesis had been rudely rebuffed, with the young dragon wailing in terror and twisting out of the way each time he found himself being lifted off the cliff’s edge.
Lights moved as the sun climbed to its highest point, and brightened the room with each moment that passed. From across the room, jars and bottles clinked in accompaniment to the raindrops drumming steadily against their windows.
“You know, J,” he told Jarvis, taking his bags from the man. “It’s a shame you and Ana never had children of your own.”
,” he resisted, although his eyes were growing wider with each step that Steve was taking towards him.
The distraction allowed Steve to hurl his shield at Loki, who swiftly flung Steve to the ground. Steve threw his shield once again at Loki who flicked it aside. Tony continued to watch, enthralled, as Steve pulled out his best moves, a deadly combination of gymnastics and boxing and ultimate frisbee.
Skipping up the stairs, two at a time, Tony soon arrived at the top deck, which offered a breathtaking view through the large glass dome and windows. Distracted by the starlit sky, it took a while for him to notice the small door leading out to the balcony, where he found his husband, gazing pensively into the night.
An exhausted Steve was swaying from side to side and Tony rushed to catch him right before he fell off the stack. Steve landed on Tony's back and placed his arms around Tony as Tony glided down towards the beach, finally landing beside the entrance of Tyrant’s Cave.
Steve blinked at the display of colourful, moving lights meant to demonstrate Rex’s incredible powers. It was a mesmerising sight, one so unreal that Steve thought he had to be hallucinating. “What’s in this tea?” he mouthed to Tony from across the table, when they exchanged a look.
So Tony put together a supper of warm bread and chicken broth because what kind of mate, depressed or not, let his injured husband go to bed hungry?
Instead of keeping the tears at bay as Tony had hoped, the words brought on a fresh wave of ones. There was nothing Tony could do except wait for Steve to cry them out, hold his rocking body in an attempt to calm him down. It took a few minutes, but finally, they stopped.
The berserkers charged at them in waves, and their large numbers occasionally weakened the shield long enough for a stray warrior to slip through.
Rhodey would chill the mugs with blasts of frost, before passing them to Peter, who juggled them effortlessly to the delight of cheering guests.
“Four,” Thor corrected, opening a cube-shaped box, to present a blue gem to Tony. “The iristone, one of two in existence. I present to you for safekeeping.
“You know,” Pietro began. “Mortals are odd. They think order and chaos are opposites, and try to control what they don’t know. But there is grace in their failings. I think you missed that.”
“It’s gonna take weeks to process,” Bruce complained, glancing at them briefly before turning his attention back to the screens.
“I just did,” Strange told him sagely as he created new portals below them, where he sent unsuspecting berserkers off the battlefield and back to the underworld.
With the enemy directing their firepower at the new arrivals, the frost dragon glided toward the Howlies, ready to snuff out any fires that threatened to break, but just as it looked like the tides had turned, the situation got much, much worse.
Rhodey was his best friend and he could never give him up, but Tony had also learnt the value of honesty, respect and trust. Without these pillars, empires built from the hardest bricks would still crumble from within.
The drones were there and they were surrounded. Tony took his place beside Rhodey, so they stood side by side, ready for the onslaught.
Steve pulled his mouth in a grim line. “Not exactly,” he mentioned as he walked by, and followed Nat to the creek where their horses were drinking.
Steve considered his husband's steadfast countenance. It was a face that would launch a thousand ships, and all he was asking for was twenty barges. And if his plan worked, they could deprive their enemy of their arrows, and save their own skins.
“Mention that again and I’ll disarm you for real,” she said and playfully made a slicing motion at his left shoulder.
Aware that the clock was ticking, Tony put on his suit (a lovely Tom Ford, three piece, two button) which fit closely to the body. Indeed, it felt snug around his curves, almost like a hug. And he realised it was something he really needed.
He took no notice of those voices, and focused instead on Peter reading by Tony’s side. The young page read tirelessly in an upbeat voice, even as he paused occasionally to look at Tony’s sleeping face, as if anticipating a witty anecdote or a humorous quip – which didn’t come.
The king hastily replaced the protective headpiece when he noticed Tony staring, and it only deepened the blush on his cheeks. “Thank you for coming to our aid in our hour of need,” he offered politely. “It’s been an honour to fight alongside an ally – and a friend.”
“Hulk got stone,” Hulk said as it leapt up from behind the basilisk, smashing a rock over his head. The basilisk’s body, thick as an oak, was thrashing wildly on the deck as its forked tongue spat in agony.
Then, Nat clinked a spoon against the rim of her wine glass, drawing their friends closer so they could listen to what she had to say.
To even the odds stacked against them, Killian sent a fireball toward the beach, which torched a coconut tree and started a fire.
A dark blue mantle hung over Steve’s broad shoulders, which covered a silk tunic and the close-cut trousers that flattered his build. The look, complete with the gold diadem atop his head, was very impressive, and one that Tony highly approved of – apart from the persistent frown on an otherwise-handsome face.
Steve continued his approach, unfazed. “If the crown fits, wear it. If the sword lifts – ” he said, breaking off into a run, ducking his head to avoid the jet of dragonfire from the roaring emperor’s mouth. He disappeared into a portal and reappeared on top of Thanos’ shoulder. “Wield it,” he finished, and stabbed Thanos at the back of his neck.
Steve swallowed hard and found himself getting emotional. The star on the shield, and the red and blue rings, was a symbol of their alliance. As long as the shield flew overhead, it would serve as a beacon of hope.
Biting down on the back of his fist, Steve buried his face into the pillow to keep the sobs from tumbling out. With his other hand, he pulled the blanket over his head, and muffled the sounds that threatened to escape.
Mesmerised by the fire burning in the caldera, it took a while for Tony to notice Steve tugging at his hand, and urgently too. “Tony,” he said, when he finally got his attention and pulled him into an embrace. “I adore you. You know I do. But, right now, I need the other guy.”
“According to my calculations, Captain Rogers has completed combat training at the tower. He is expected to be home in approximately thirty minutes.”
“It’s a special word for our kind, and not one that is lightly used. I have an impressive hoard, but this phrase, this term of endearment, is reserved for the one thing I can’t live without. It’s you. It’s always been you. You’re my treasure, the crown jewel of my collection. And since that very first time I saw you standing in front of the heartewoode tree, I knew I would defend you with my own life.”
He was about to order a scotch for himself and a vodka martini (with olives, lots of olives, like at least three olives) for Pepper when a tall, blond (and vaguely familiar-looking) man walked into his line of sight.
Having heard Steve, Pietro left his sister’s side and walked over. “It’s a token of our gratitude,” the young prince explained. “We would have offered it to you sooner, but there was work that had to be done.”
“Look!” Peter whispered as he climbed onto the bed, pointing out the stones that were set in bands of dragonbone sitting on Tony’s slim fingers.
Tony willed himself to do something. Anything. As long as it didn’t involve dying. He couldn’t die. He just couldn’t. What would happen to his sweet, precious Steve if something happened to him? And where was that stinking dragon when you really needed him? If he was planning to make an entrance at the last second, this was it. This was the last, last second.
Tony almost choked on his fire, and held it back so he wouldn’t burn Steve in his shock. “Steve!” he shouted, as he landed in front of Steve to wrap his wing around him, bracing themselves for another punishing blow.
A pair of eagles were in the sky, executing the well-choreographed dives of their courting ritual, before they vanished behind the
Steve laughed good-naturedly, his deep voice doing all sorts of things to Tony’s insides. “Only in name. Everyone knows you’re the boss.”
“Special,” Steve echoed. “Everything special about me came out of a bottle. All this,” he muttered bitterly as he gestured to his body, “is the result of the super warrior potion. I’m nothing without it,” he spat.
“Your go-to strategy for fending off your unwanted suitors?” Tony explained, glancing at the half-eaten walnut date loaf. “Does that usually work?”
So, when Ana remarked that the grass always looked greener on the other side, he argued that it was greenest where it’s been watered, weeded and allowed to thrive. From the looks of approval sent his way, he knew then that he’d read the signs and read them right.
Eyes sweeping around the beach, Tony heard the sparks before he saw the flash – in Ivan’s eyes, pointed directly at him.
Clumsy first flights had become a memory of the distant past. Since then, Tony had grown more comfortable in his new body and more confident with his powers. Flying was the one thing that brought him joy, so he kept soaring toward the heavens – higher, farther, faster, till his chest felt tight and his toes tingled from the cold.
It had a more modern look to it now. Steve had refurbished it with a coat of new paint, new furniture and tools. And it looked beautiful.
Drawn to its alluring glow, Tony reached for the gem, which floated slowly into his open palm. As Tony closed his fingers around it, the gem attached itself to him and the band of dragonbone it came with broke apart and came back together in order to go around Tony's talon.
“It’s okay, Buck. No one is breaking any laws. All you have to do is ask. You already know my answer. Nat is not the most open person in the world, but she’s different with you.”
Steve raised his arm as if to swing his shield, only to have it caught by Thanos. With a loud snort, Thanos ripped the offending weapon from the king’s clenched fingers.
He ignored the suit Coulson had picked out, opting instead for a T-shirt and dark jeans. He did, however, consider throwing on
“Yeah, sure,” Tony answered mechanically, applying his skill of smiling-while-not-giving-a-fuck as Steve rattled off movie choices for their outing the next day.
Shallow breaths hitched around his sobs as he remembered the desperation of watching a ten-year-old Tony bleeding out in front of him, with each breath appearing to be his last.
“I'm sorry. I'm don't - " Tony puffed, frowning at Steve as he tried to make sense of the words coming out of his mouth, wondering if Steve had indeed been struck by a rock.
“It’s tragic, is what it is,” Tony murmured, and his heart began to ache, when he thought of all the time they’d lost.
“Why wouldn’t I?” Tony asked, as he looked worriedly at Steve’s motionless body from between the emperor’s thick legs.
Ruefully, Steve shook his head. “He only got as far as the Wanderer’s Woods, where he was stopped in his tracks by a will-o-the-wisp.”
Silhouetted against the orange inferno, the rescuer looked like the stuff of legends – garbage lid shield in one hand and baby in the other, and Tony could feel his jaded heart sparking to life, as the young Perseus ran past him and out into the open space, where they got to witness the tearful reunion between the worried-stricken mother and her baby.
His helmet was already on the table, discarded in the midst of their back-and-forth. Trembling hands found their way to the jet boots, which were removed, one by one, and lined up beside the helmet. The thigh guards were next, and Tony paused to pick one up, when it fell to the ground with a loud clang. There was a struggle to unfasten the chest plate and Steve stepped forward, trying to assist, only to be held back by Tony’s hand. He shrugged off the arm plates, peeling them from his skin. Then, finally, with a great deal of reluctance, he unclicked the gauntlets, revealing his bare hands.
“You think you might have children some day?” Maria continued, taking a sip of her drink. She made a face, which made Tony laugh, then promptly swept her marshmallows into his cup.
While Tony continued to keep his walls up, he opened the right doors for Wanda to find the right memories, deep and vivid, undimmed by the long passage of time.
The answer arrived in the form of a magpie tapping her beak against their window. Sam opened it to let her through, so it could deliver her message in a series of excited warbles.
like to flirt,” Sam said, correcting him. “But this thing that you both do - you're like albatrosses, dancing around each other in some sort of weird courtship ritual. They mate for life, by the way."
Tony had been up all night brainstorming ways to make his suit more portable when he heard the newsflash about the crisis in Gulmira.
Steve bit back a growl, and had to resist the urge to grab the offending limb to throw the sorcerer out of a window.
It made Clint smile and ruffle his hair before leading him to cluster around Coulson and Hill like the rest of the team to go over the mission brief.
“From before – From Dad. School. My books. Sometimes just figuring it out. I know I shouldn’t. But I do. I can’t help it. I hate it when things don’t work. I have to fix them. It's like a disease. I can’t stop. I don’t want to stop.”
Steve's face darkened. “Don’t you ever, ever, ever make me do anything like that again,” he thundered before storming out.
, tugging and purring pleased when the Alpha’s steps stumbled as Steve’s control slipped. “Because that would hurt.”
because those women at the jewelry store had been so needlessly cruel to a father just trying to take care of his baby. “Any extra money you give me goes towards clothes for Pete or to paying forward on our bills. I can only see you once every two weeks because I have to work at least six days a week to make rent and I only have Peggy and every once in a while Clint to watch Pete. Can’t do overnight--”
Steve waited for the Omega to disappear up the stairs to kiss a still napping Pete, then switched tabs to the jewelry store he was ordering Tony’s bonding jewelry from. He had to make sure the pieces were set to be delivered to the suite at the hotel tomorrow late afternoon before they arrived, he checked and checked and
the second Clint disappeared out into the dining room armed with the bayonet fork, the ordered desserts and a smile that was practically a sneer, the little brunette pulled a five gallon bucket of rice over and collapsed right onto the lid, dropping his face into his hands and trying not to
but he swallowed a growl of open desire and instead picked up Tony's hand to run his nose over the tender skin at the Omega's wrist. The chamomile scent was stronger here, the allure of apple blossoms more faint than it would be Tony's neck but Steve still groaned over it, still pressed his mouth to the steady thrum of the Omega's heartbeat there among the delicate bones and then scraped his fangs lightly just lightly until thin red lines bloomed beneath his lips.
“Look bud.” Bucky sighed. “I know it was my idea to do the whole sugar baby thing, but I gotta tell ya. I’m real worried that you’re half in love with that Omega and he’s not anywhere near in love with you.”
“I’m sorry, what?” And then scrambling to save the moment, “No, I’m sorry. I was distracted by the view. The city skyline is gorgeous and I didn’t mean to miss out on the conversation, I’ve just never seen the water from this particular point of view and it’s um--”
“It’s still private enough that you don’t have to worry about being checked up on.” The Alpha continued hopefully. “But it would make me feel better about doing something helpful for you. Does that sound okay?”
“This is Archibald ‘Archie’ Stark-Rogers.” Tony plopped the puppy right into Steve’s arms. “He is eight weeks old, was the heftiest boy in the litter and will be the absolute bestest dog for us.”
in the morning before breakfast and then once in the shower that was just for me… it was really nice.”
Steve saw the show of trust, of acceptance, for what it was, and instead of howling in triumph over the Omega initiating a new step in their careful relationship, he dragged in a ragged breath and teased, “Oh so
“Holy hell.” he inhaled loudly and Steve couldn’t help a self satisfied grin, couldn't help preening just a little bit so the Omega would keep looking. “Look at
“I love you.” he whispered, and Steve whispered back, “Because I burnt the gravy?” and their shared laughter eliminated the urgency of the abruptly interrupted arousal, allowing their next kiss to be sweet instead of ravenous.
“Well, I could use a loaf of bread and maybe some butter.” she conceded, and Tony clicked on bread, butter, the jam Peggy used on her toast, noodles and pasta sauce and several freezer meals they could just zap in the microwave, rice and some frozen veggies, milk and juice, soup and crackers and snackies for Pete, cold medicine and pain medication and an extra box of diapers. The list kept growing and Tony kept ordering, two and three weeks worth of anything dry so his pantry would be stocked until next paycheck, a bigger size of perishable items than he could usually afford, extras like cough drops and bandaids and higher quality laundry detergent to help wash the
The Alpha loved it, and as they put away the last family sized pack of toilet paper, he hooked his arm around Tony’s little waist and dragged him in for a long kiss.
?!” Steve roared, grip tightening at Bucky’s shirt. “You’re one to talk, you piece of shit! You used a
A couple of hours every two weeks and texts in between just wasn't quite cutting it anymore. The sex was amazing and Steve would never get tired of that rush of excitement when Tony walked into a restaurant or up to his house but…
Steve stopped, concentrated on the breakfast for a minute before finishing, “I know why you didn’t tell me about Pete, there’s a whole bunch’a reasons Alphas don’t bother with Omegas that are single parents. I know you couldn’t take the chance that I was one of
The day with Peter had been fun. The toddler was hilarious and smart, just as sassy as Tony but just as
“I’ve got a handwritten letter stating my intent to vacate.” Tony shoved the letter through the mailbox slot for the landlord along with the key and a receipt from the rents month that he’d already paid in full. “Also emailed one over as well. It’s not as if he could come after me for rent or anything since I never had a contract, but at least I know I did what I was supposed to do, right?”
-- “Oh look at that, Pete!” Peggy had innocently wandered into the kitchen with Pete, but upon seeing the rapidly devolving situation she switched the toddler right back around and headed for the living room. “Did you see we left a toy down here? We better grab that and hurry it back up to the bedroom! Come on, Bug! Nothing to see here!”
“Not uh-- directly.” Steve winced a little bit. “I’m sorry if me making a scene made this day worse for you though. Nothing pisses me off faster than that sort of behavior. Why would anyone look down on someone who works for a living?
And yes, Tony had promised his mate lace but he knew Steve hadn’t expected delicate nearly sheer lace with silver threads snugged at his skin and he
and Tony didn’t realize he was purring out loud until they parted and Steve whispered, “Omega, your purr is so sweet, I could listen to that all night.”
“Stop.” She wagged a finger at him. “None of that now, there’s nothing to be sorry. How are the two of you doing?”
think about just how much he loved when his mate got vicious and drew blood. “Cos the only way this and the other thing I saw makes any sense is if Tony is lyin’ to Stevie and I gotta know if he’s lyin’ in a sketchy way or lyin’ in a self-preservation sorta way.”
as depression sank into his senses and left him blank. “Let me be alone with my baby and our--our--”
“If I was with Steve more.” Tony repeated, scrubbing at his face as a few tears fell. “You mean if I was whoring myself out to my sugar daddy more often instead of working a full time job, I’d be making better money with less hours and would be home with Peter more? Is that what you’re saying?”
thrown out there in the open. He knew Bucky loved him and didn’t mean to be a dick-- or actually, the massive Alpha probably
“Thanks, Carol.” Tony blew the pretty Beta a grateful kiss. “And thanks, Clint. I guess my work clothes aren’t exactly date material.”
“I’m just overwhelmed.” Tony nearly whispered, and there was a sound like a door was closing as if he’d stepped into another room. “I don’t feel good, I have to work a lot in the next few weeks to make up what I missed in tips and I don’t know how I’ll be feeling after that. If I promise to text you and keep you updated…?”
when he reached the lace at the top of the nylons and flicked at the button fasten of the garter that held them up. “Tony. You’re wearing a garter belt?”
of questions but Steve just shook his head and crept towards the door again. “We’ll talk again in the morning. You and Pete get some sleep, alright? If you need anything, just grab it. You know where everything is in the house. Help yourself.”
It had been hard to find a landlord who would rent to an young, unbonded, single parent Omega, and the crappy apartment close to the train tracks had been the only thing Tony could afford that was also within easy distance to the shitty job at the diner.
“Hours?” the Alpha looked a little embarrassed. “I just went off what you ordered and then found that section of the website and went a little wild, I guess. I just wanted to get you pretty things.”
The jump wasn’t actually very high at all, and Peter bounced off the side of the mattress with a little
from the always carefully controlled Captain was insanely hot, and heat sparked low in Tony’s core, popped electric everywhere Steve’s fingers touched. “
Once safely past the table of Alphas, Tony hurried over to a coworker sweeping the floors and Bucky pulled out his trusty Stalker Binoculars so he could get a close up look while still parked across the street.
“This is Steve Rogers.” it was a number the Alpha didn’t recognize and he tried to keep his tone professional in case it was a future client instead of letting the disappointment over it not being
“I’m making sure you know just where we stand before you tell me whatever you need to tell me.” the Alpha explained softly, wiping at an errant tear as it escaped the corner of Tony’s eye. “I’m making sure you know that no matter what you say next, I missed you while I was gone and I am so happy to see you today and
Steve stayed quiet, waiting for his mate to continue and Tony pulled in a shuddering breath, “I um-- I used to imagine that conversation, you know? Like a thousand times, a
and the vibration rumbled up his core and right into his cock. “Oh my god please– please touch me, please–!”
on the third date.” Steve swallowed, then swallowed again, backed up a few steps and turned so he could adjust himself in his pants without being too obvious. “And we ran out of time tonight so maybe we can try again next time or—or talk it out over messaging?”
“No, don’t worry about it, we’re still roasting smores and setting off fireworks! Rogers parties never stop!” The noise behind the Alpha quieted as if Steve had moved inside. “Did you have a good day?”
“I don't even understand why you have this room if you don't use it!” Tony added when Steve sighed down at the stain and then tossed a rag over it and kept right on eating. “What, do you just order in take out and live in your art loft?”
Tony stood up on his toes to press a quick kiss to the Alpha’s cheek, visibly grateful for the change of subject, clearly appreciative of Steve not making him talk about college and circumstances and how life had ended up more difficult than the Alpha even realized yet.
“A few months ago isn’t serious enough to meet the parents.” Steve answered smoothly. “So no, it hasn’t come up yet.”
“Wait.” the noise on the other end of the line abruptly cut out as Natasha stepped outside of the Jiu Jitsu studio. “You just found Tony in that place? Working? How is that possible?”
“Really?” he repeated as he tried to clear the coffee from his airways. “You want to go shopping today?”
Peter never went to anyone new, was painfully shy in uncertain situations and had entire meltdowns sometimes if they went to the store and there were too many people around, but here he was cuddling into Steve’s side while the Alpha promised to buy
focus the binos in closer when Clint bent to pick up a fallen stack of menus and flashed a view of a supremely great ass. “Has a great laugh and real cute fangs.”
Tony almost snarked something about the Alpha’s way of thinking, but it was the same thing that went through
because if I had the chance to choose anything in the entire world, it would that little boy asleep upstairs and you, my Omega, right here in my arms.”
A piece of his heart that Tony didn’t realize was wound tight suddenly loosened, and the Omega leaned in to kiss Steve as hard as he could, covering Steve’s mouth and shoving his tongue past the Alpha’s lips, not letting up until Steve was stumbling again and reaching for a wall to keep himself steady.
I should have been working my regular job so I would have been five minutes down the street instead of an hour away when you called!”
“I’m fine, I’ll figure it out.” That-- that sounded like a lie. Maybe not a direct lie but Steve had that same distinct, uncomfortable feeling he got whenever he thought Tony wasn’t telling him the whole story, that maybe the Omega was hiding something that wasn’t necessarily important but that was also
“Oh holy shit, is Nat throwing stuff again? You gotta give a guy a warning so he knows to duck!” Scott crowded into the already full kitchen with his Alpha mate Hope in tow. “At least shout
until Tony was rocking forward trying to meet him half way and urging him faster, panting into messy kisses and cutting his fangs into the Alpha’s skin until Steve was littered with bites and groaning, demanding
“I’ll hand feed you filet mignon.” Bucky ran his tongue over his fangs pointedly. “Let you lick the gravy right off my lips.”
He coughed to dislodge the emotion in his throat. “It was our only option so I took it and Bucky took one look around and decided we couldn’t be there anymore. I-- I don’t know if I’m grateful or hurt right here clear to my heart because I’ve tried really hard to make a safe spot for me and Pete and I failed at it, failed to the point where a virtual stranger decided to make us move.”
“Sweetheart?” Steve’s voice sharpened, and Tony mentally tiredly kicked himself. He was so loopy he’d forgotten he was even on the phone for a minute, had almost thought Steve was right there with him. “Hey hey hey, what’s wrong? Tony, what’s wrong? I didn’t mean to make you upset pressing you for answers, I didn’t mean to make you feel bad or--or sound like I thought you were lying to me, it’s not that at all. Tony, don’t cry I’m so sorry, are you crying? Fuck, I’m so bad at this honey, please just--”
reply so he could send something with a smiley face attached instead but just then Peter stirred on the bed and Tony put his phone down to get up and check on the baby, crooning and clicking his tongue as he picked Pete up.
all that didn’t mean it was easy facing someone who had taken away his free will for a few terrifying moments and Tony had to steel himself when those pale eyes locked onto his.
With so many of their personal items missing-- clothes, Peter’s toys, the boxes Bucky had grabbed before taking them to Steve’s house-- the studio apartment was downright depressing, dollar store dishes and dull silverware, paper thin towels and a shower with hardly any water pressure, scratchy blankets and the newest purchase in the room Peter’s crib, worn but well taken care of.
in Tony spoke up first, and then he hastened to back track and correct, “But still romantic, if that's the ambiance you were going for.”
them and it settled something oddly primal in the Alpha’s chest to be feeding an Omega and watching them enjoy it.
“Mr. Lee, but a nice couple like you all can just call me Stan.” Mr. Lee winked and then clicked his tongue at the golden. “Excelsior! Come on, pup! We still have a ways to walk!”
let go, didn’t release his bite until after Tony had stopped shivering and sobbing pleasure into his ear, until the spill of come between their bodies cooled sticky at their stomachs, until his jaw was aching and his knot was starting to lessen.
-- a work emergency sounded plausible, especially since Steve only knew Tony was a waiter and didn’t know he was a waiter at a piece of shit diner where his absence would only be noticed by the gross, aggressive Alphas who
“Huh.” The Alpha paused, gauging Tony’s reaction to see if this was one of the rare moments Tony wanted to talk about his family. “Sweetheart--”
“Of course he is.”  Peggy cursed again. “And now you’re traumatized to the point of not being sure if you can even be intimate with someone because of it.”
“A stupid Alpha who learned everything about Omegas from porn.” Peggy finished, her lip curling in disgust over her blunted fangs. “My love, I am
The sound of giggles reached them first, high pitched and hysterically gleeful as Peter tried to fight his way out from beneath the weight, and Tony finally thought he could breathe again when a flushed but smiling baby face popped out from under the belly of a tan bear. “Here, Daddy!”
Bucky was gonna stake out this honest to god depressingly terrible diner until Scumbag showed his face, then he was gonna haul Scumbag in and get his check, and
Steve put a hand to his chest like his very soul had twisted hearing the promise in Tony’s words, but he only smiled and repeated, “I’ll be right back.”
and the security guards scrambled back to give him room and the entire staff watched in shock as the big blond crouched down by the shaking Omega and reached for his hands.
In the few weeks since admitting his...fantasy… to Tony, nothing had changed between them, or at least nothing that would indicate
“How about this?” the Alpha cut in again. “I don’t know what stores are near you, so I’m going to send you my debit card info and you can put in the grocery deliver. Get whatever you need, as much as you need, and then use it to pay whatever bills were due this week so you don’t fall behind.”
“Hey hey hey, not so loud.” Tony hurried from down the hall to kiss Steve hello, hushing him as he went. “Not so loud, not tonight. I’m happy to see you, but come on, I have a surprise for you.”
of his friends, he eventually agreed to only Bucky and Natasha coming over at the same time as Clint and Peggy.
into his core, the squelch of slick and lube on their thighs almost obscene as Steve sank in and in and Tony couldn’t breathe for the sheer
He shuddered through a sigh. “Oh my god, Tony. I never imagined it would be like this. When you told me about getting on your hands and knees, I coudln’t believe it. And then the way you took all of me, let me empty everything into you– I mean, look at your
“I like when you’re loud.” Steve confessed as he moved down Tony’s body, bunching the chemise between his fingers reflexively then almost immediately smoothing it back as he went, gentle gentle except for those too brief seconds where his control slipped and he
, being in the steakhouse was equal parts nerve wracking and a melancholy sort of miserable that had the Omega unable to focus on the conversation, no matter how handsome Steve was or how delicious the lobster mac and cheese was or how perfectly balanced the red wine--
Pete?” Clint shucked his apron and grabbed his envelope full of the days tips. “I can keep the little booger tonight, you go watch football with Steve. I know you miss him, just go and have some fun. No problem.”
Steve did another one of those awkward shuffles, stared down at their linked fingers and muttered, “I want kids, Tony.”
lonely he was until someone else was laughing in his home and sharing his dinner and curling up on that stupid white couch that was one of the most pointless purchases of his life.
“I believe you.” Tony watched Bucky for another minute, cataloguing the self loathing and misery on the Alpha’s features. “Bucky. Do you want to officially meet Peter?”
“Not yet, but I’m going to order a grocery delivery.” Tony held up his phone tiredly. “Can I send it to your apartment just in case I fall asleep?”
He took the stairs to the loft two at a time, not really sure what he was worried about finding but running up the steps all the same, heart pounding and voice cracking as he called-- “Pete! Steve--!”
“Go?” Tony was a little dazed where he sat on the counter with the blond fit between his legs and halfway to rubbing against him. “But um-- you know, the third date? I thought we would-- I mean, you invited me over to your
“Twenty questions?” Steve asked, and Tony swiped a piece of green chili off the top of his burger before nodding, “That seems like a good idea.”
, rosewood scent crackling and the beer bottle shattering in his hand as he tried to keep his temper under control. “He put a pregnant, seventeen year old Omega out on the street with no help at all? Because he thought you were throwing away your life?”
If he was asked about it later, Bucky wouldn’t be able to pinpoint the exact reason he took the crumbling stairs up several floors and tramped down an honestly depressing hallway to get to the apartment marked Carbonell. In fact, if he was asked about it later, Bucky wouldn’t be able to pinpoint the exact reason why he tried the lock on the apartment door and then broke every single one of his rules about not
“Uh yes, wine.” Steve tapped at a bottle with a name he had no chance of pronouncing. It was red and with in the price range the internet promised was expected so he hoped it was a reasonable option. “For our entrees, I would like the porcini ribeye with the aged balsamic and my guest would like--”
“If you weren’t so handsome when you get flustered, I’d feel bad for laughing at you.” Tony giggled a few more times but pulled it together enough to give Steve’s hand a few consolatory pats. “Don’t worry about it, being a waiter has desensitized me to basically everything, including scandalized looks from old ladies who shouldn’t be eavesdropping on conversations.”
Steve blinked a few times, and the other Alpha snarled in frustration, “Keep lookin’ at me all shocked at me being nice for once in my life, and I’ll full on punch you in the face. Just-- just start with the sugar baby thing and go from there. At least try.
“You okay?” Tony asked, and glanced over his shoulder to check on Steve, who nodded, looking unharmed, albeit slightly shaken. Truly, it was fortuitous that he’d thought to raise his shield in time, which had saved them both from the deluge of acid rain.
“Tony. Come here,” he murmured as he pulled the tearful omega from behind the door and into his arms.
Tony was going for a quiet entrance, but eagle-eyed warriors had spotted him a mile away, so by the time he was flying overhead, they were waving their swords and chanting his name: Schelle-head! Schelle-head! Schelle-head!
“In polite society, one normally telephones ahead before trespassing,” Jarvis said, with an amused but fond expression on his face.
Alarm bells rang in Tony’s head as he sprang into action. Failing to get the attention of the overwhelmed paramedics, he pulled the other man back to his feet.  “Come on. We gotta get you to the hospital.”
An injection was administered, and he instantly felt better, so while Steve made his way to the Avengers Tower for a meeting (presumably to figure out Killian’s diabolical plans), Tony left the house for some much-needed fresh air.
As the dragonet landed gracefully beside them, Tony noticed how the dragon’s iridescent scales were still changing in colour. “You’re a drameleon. A long time ago, I had a drameleon friend too.”
Steve looked up into a pair of pale blue eyes. “Of course, I do. War is on its way. Men are ready to lay down their lives. I’ve got no right to do any less.”
A tiny memento, even a small seed, would have offered him some sort of consolation. If he planted it on his mountain and nurtured it dutifully, it might one day reveal the secrets he was after, but with how rarely the heartewoode bloomed, even that had been wishful thinking on his part.
South of the range, Valoria bloomed in a rainbow of colours. Red-orange earth gave rise to yellow fields and lush greens. Plenty of fish were to be found in their cerulean waters, and the sun-kissed highlands lay carpeted all year in the purples of heather, lavender, sage.
After burying the heartstone, Lord Erskine had cast a series of concealment charms to prevent its discovery. Then, Steve had planted the heartewoode seed right over the treasure, certain that the rare sacred tree would discourage excavation of any sort.
“Just Mr. Stark. I’d like to keep it that way. I’ve got family. Need to keep them safe,” he answered, impressed with his ability to keep a secret without needing to lie. The suit had a great poker face.
The dracafyre was especially stunning in his gleaming red and gold scales and Steve was always thrilled by his beautiful bursts of fire. For some reason, he reminded Steve of Tony in the morning, with his hair tousled and eyes bleary with sleep, looking adorable in his oversized robes.
Steve quickly rose to his feet, and brushed off his titles like the dirt on his leggings. “Uh -" he began awkwardly. "I suppose you’d better call me Steve.”
So, when Steve rode up and drew rein before Tony, he slowed to a stop and lowered his head, so Steve could climb on his back.
Pressed up close against Tony’s body, Steve could feel his warm puffs of breath against his cheek and it caused him to lean in.
This was as far as Steve could possibly go, but Tony’s journey was just beginning. Fate had brought them close, and their brief time together had brought him the brightest joy.
“The wicked dragon tossed his head back in laughter, and smacked the shield aside. He took a deep breath and opened his mouth to fire a second jet, this time into the heart of the second child. Then, what happened?” Tony asked, as he looked to Steve for help.
Tony nodded. He’d done an elective on interior decorating at the finishing school his parents had made him attend. He could decorate their home.
“Come on, Cap. We need all the help we can get,” Natasha finished, appealing to Steve's practical side.
“Put on the suit,” Steve repeated, a little more impatiently this time. “Venice awaits. And we have a bond to mend.”
"Hi," he greeted nervously. "Were you out?” he added, stealing a quick look. 200 pounds of alpha was in the way, glowing with perspiration against the morning sun.
“That it might be, but all legends ring with truth. The Infinity Spell was last used a hundred thousand years ago. It’s no wonder that it has begun to fade from our stories,” Pietro said, and went on to tell of the goddess Azura and how she’d used the Infinity Spell to prevent a world-ending solar storm.
“Now, this is live. I'm not sure if you can tell, but at this moment the body is trying to decide whether to accept
He was a little sad when they all dispersed, returning to their newly-assigned rooms. However, he was looking forward to the next step. Steve was already dressed in his uniform, ready for takeoff.
“You did great, Pete," Tony said and Peter beamed at the praise. "But you're going to keep going for a while more. I haven't told Steve,” he explained.
“Ah – well,” Tony sputtered, as his cheeks grew warm. “That’s – you know? Just doin’ what needed to be done.”
“The Infinity Spell. With the dragonstones. Thanos was going to use it. Can we - can we use it too – for Tony?” he asked.
Tony turned his eyes to the blue sky and watched the sun shine down on them from behind fine wisps of cloud. It was the perfect day for a picnic, to lay on the grass, feast on the sight of wildflowers and gulp down the fresh springtime air.
“When Thanos broke out of hell, he found sympathy and a new home in the Kingdom of Anguisia,” Loki said, wiggling his fingers to bring back the purple dragon, positioning him right above them. “Since then, he's been a plague. He invades kingdoms, takes what he wants, wiping out populations in the process. All the invasions in the last two centuries - they were all him.”
Steve had no idea how long they kissed, but he could have stayed in that moment forever. When they looked up, the sun was rising, and brave warriors were getting to their feet, arms around each other, as they made their way home.
And then he flew home, prepared pot roast, baked apple pie, kissed his husband, asked about his day and slept till the very next morning.
But first, he had to unpack his belongings into his new (and old) home. It was nice of his parents to gift the house, Tony’s childhood home, to them. Tony shuddered at the thought of moving to the Avengers Tower, overcrowded with alphas and their stinking pheromones. If he was going to be a prisoner, at least he was going to be in a really comfortable cell.
Tony whipped his head around to stare at the dracanix. “Rhodey?” he asked, recognising the nickname and the telltale inflections of his beloved worrywart. Clumsily, he tried to put a forelimb around Rhodey, but they both struggled to keep their balance. With a laugh, Tony stepped back, content with rubbing his cheek against Rhodey’s chest.
“Said we didn’t want Tony on the team,” Clint explained. “Which, by the way, isn’t true,” he added, for Tony’s benefit. “And he took his suit,” he finished, adding to the charges.
Steve rested his cheek on his hand, looking thoughtfully at Thor. “So, depending on whom you ask, it’s either Tony or Tyranaksthon,” he mused.
when you wanted to drive his car, and it hadn’t stopped you then,” he said, bringing up a memory back when Tony was fourteen. “Oh, he was furious,” he said.
“I need backup,” he shouted into the comms. ‘Helicarrier C. Steve is down. And – And Winter is here.”
“If that is what the Sorcerer says, then it must be.” For Steve had never known the man to be wrong.
The would-be executioner turned his attention to Tony, shooting at his suit in a chorus of dings, so he punched him into the air.
“And then what?” Tony countered, “Like you’ve just expressed, most gracefully – we’ve used the stones – and
“Steve!” Tony shouted, as he tossed the shield at him in a swirl of red, white and blue, before running off to give the basilisk a new target.
Thanos returned it with fire of his own, and as the forces collided, they rose into the sky to shroud them in smoke. Tony was in the air, and his talons were raised to strike. Landing heavily on Thanos, he shoved him onto the grass and sank his teeth into his muscular neck.
“Just can’t seem to stay dead, can you?” the monster remarked and his steely voice pierced the chilly silence, sending shivers down Tony’s spine.
The flyers on their team would watch the Black Order closely, and take them on should they manage to break past Strange’s shield. Clint was to team up with the Hulk and take down the bigger combatants, like the trolls and stone-giants.
Steve’s words were drowned out by the sounds of a helicopter landing behind them. They watched, unspeaking, as Bruce hopped out and Rhodey, dressed in his air force uniform, gave them a salute.
The mythical monsters were still advancing when Strange jumped from Tony’s back. With his magic cloak billowing after him, he descended gracefully into the middle of the horde. “By the crimson bands of Cyttorak which kept the monster chained, I conjure strands of primal force to keep the war contained.”
“Not yet,” Steve said, regretfully, for the heartewoode only bloomed under very specific conditions. "It might just happen in our lifetime. Our grounds are rich and well-watered and we get plenty of sunlight all year.”
Tony took a deep breath. It would be okay. Howard was always nice to him after. He’d hold him until the tears stopped. That’s what alphas did. They disciplined you, then comforted you. Then Tony would be forgiven. And everything would be all right.
. His husband had even highlighted important concepts and written notes by the side on the points he wanted to discuss with Tony.
“This is Sir Rhodes, my first knight,” the prince said as he glared at the mirthful man, who was struggling to stifle his laughter as he took a bow. “And this is Peter, my cousin, and my page. For now.”
The story is complete, but I may add art or deleted scenes to it in the future. I want to thank every single person who has read, commented or left kudos on this story. You've been so sweet and kind! I really wouldn't have been able to finish this without your encouragement and support!
The walls were intact, and the flooring too. But their mementos, books, paintings, having failed to express just how much Tony meant to him, lay uselessly in heaps of ash. The wooden gift box peeked out from underneath a rug. Of course, Tony had chosen the medallion over it.
Tony hadn’t even told him what happened in those caves. He didn't plan to, not with Steve's tendency to overreact.
Thankfully, he caught up with the quinjet just before they entered German airspace, quietly trailing behind. He was going as backup, happy to fade into the background if
Tony listened. He led the party of warriors through a series of tight corners, where Hawkeye was perched in wait. He fired arrow upon arrow on the riders. When he turned around, the Chitauri were gone.
“Tyranaksthon – the Tyrant’s stone. Who do you think you are? A boulder? A stumbling block? All you are is a stone in my shoe. You rise, only to fall. You’re my meteor, my swift and terrible sword that will plunge the seven kingdoms into darkness. And when the dust settles, all that will be left is the homo draconi.”
“Your timing is impeccable,” Jarvis said, holding the door so Tony could step inside and follow him to the kitchen. “Ana’s got a last-minute appointment and I’m just about to boil the eggs. Coffee is ready though.”
The dread in the pit of Tony’s stomach spread to his limbs, leaving him paralysed. Tears of frustration filled his eyes as he regretted leaving the relative safety of the ballroom for the rooftop.
“Rhodey? I know you were trying to help, but I’m married – to the king? And technically, while you might have saved my life, you’ve also committed high treason, so I’ve no idea if he’s gonna reward you handsomely or go off with your hea –”
Bonding was just one of the things Steve wasn’t interested in and Tony would have to deal with that.
But Jarvis disagreed. “Life is hard, whoever you are. It is never going to be easy to take the high road, especially when you’re struggling at the intersections on your long journey home.”
“This thing we have,” Tony said, as he gestured between them both. “Are you feeling it too or is it just me?”
? While he waited for another alpha to take him off the shelf. Someone who might hurt him. Someone who wouldn’t look amazing in small clothes. Someone who wouldn’t smell like blueberry pancakes. One of Dad’s friends. Someone like Obadiah Stane. Or Alexander Pierce.
“So, is there something we’re supposed to say or do to make this marriage real? Because I haven’t figured it out. I’ve tried, Steve. I tried to kiss you, and God, that was a disaster. And then I threw myself at you and you turned me away.”
It would be a gleaming moment in destiny, a brilliant clash of sword against shield, spear against armour. The board was set and the pieces were moving – toward the great battle of their time.
Turning back to the firefighters, the weakened young man continued to speak in short bursts interspersed with heavy panting. “Smoke inhalation is a risk. Staircase - remains our best route. Gotta keep it clear – and get them out – fast,” he barely managed to choke out, before falling into Tony’s arms.
“I do,” he said, well aware of King Howard’s mixed feelings regarding the alliance. He’d heard stories about how protective the king was, how Prince Anthony rarely left the castle and if he did, was never without his banner of trusted knights.
“But these drones he’s made,” he paused, sighing. “They’re only good for a salute. We just need you to give our friend a few pointers, so he can build the Mandarin an army. I know. Tough choice. You take a minute,” Killian said, smug smile on his face.
“Well, you made the Jericho missile and that ended the war, so I’d say you’re the real hero, Mr. Stark. You are a true patriot.”
Thanks to the grain hybrids that Tony and Bruce had cultivated, Armestrian farmers had enjoyed a bountiful harvest, and a crop surplus that would last a number of years.
Tony roared on instinct, and the resulting flames danced towards Obie and the sky. Taking advantage of the fact that Obie had frozen mid-air, seemingly taken aback by Tony's manoeuvres, he swerved sharply and slotted himself in and out of the gaps between the towering columns emerging from the sea. As he turned back, Tony tried roaring again, and fireballs shot out of his mouth this time, which narrowly missed Obie, who fired back almost immediately.
Tony gaped at this information. "Treekrapper?" he asked, recalling the dragonet playmate that used to live on castle grounds. Tony had been devastated when he stopped coming. His mother said the dragonet had to hide somewhere safe, because his people had started an anti-dragon campaign after an army of dracafyre had raided the Mines of Auria.
“Why should I do anything? You’re going to kill me, either way. And if you don’t, I’ll probably be dead within the week.”
“Troll!” Tony shouted, and his warning allowed Steve to narrowly avoid getting hammered on the head with a spiked club.
“Steady your breath. Look deep into your hearts. Your will is to be tested. During the heat of battle, should you need a reason to fight, turn to the man or woman beside you. They are the
I'm so sorry for the delay in posting this. Real life happened and I had to rewrite this chapter a couple of times.
Steve pulled himself up and began his rather impressive floor routine of somersaults and tumbles, performed to the rhythm of the assassin’s machine gun, then hand pistols, which were tossed onto the ground one by one, as they ran out of ammunition.
Steve let out a sigh and bit his lip. “It’s just that – this marr - union was so we could destroy the threat that was Thanos. And now – ,” he paused and swallowed with difficulty, as he carefully avoided making eye contact. “We never discussed what would happen after that.”
Tony frowned at him. “Why are we acting like she’s dead? She’s not dead. She’s petrified. She’s just been petrified by a magical creature. We just need to hit the books, find the right spell, and she’ll be right as rain. There must be some kind of cure,” he said, looking around the beach desperately for help.
Tony winced when she began tugging on that thread, beginning with his iron fortress, which was both the source of his pride and shame. She followed that thread back in time, and pulled relentlessly at it until she arrived at the bright halo of Tony’s childhood.
“Yes. Bed is amazing. Not too soft and very, very warm.” It was, though not as warm as being in Steve's arms, where he wanted to linger forever.
“When did you - become an expert on thermonuclear astrophysics?” Tony greeted as he joined them, planting a quick kiss on Steve’s cheek.
"He'd be great,” Natasha said. “I’ve seen him work. The suit is incredible. Its strength, the speed, the manoeuvrability -”
“Oy,” Clint shouted, interrupting them. “The beast’s hide is too thick to be pierced from the outside. I must cut through it from the inside.”
A newly-refurbished filmhouse offered a welcome respite from the sultry afternoon heat, so it was there that Tony studied the posters of new releases and wondered if he could persuade someone from a shrinking pool of unmarried friends to see one with him. Of course, there was always the option of seeing a film on his own, but there just was something about sharing popcorn and sodas that completed the cinematic experience.
His time bomb of a temper began ticking, so by the time Steve returned to the tower, post-mission, something about a hijacked vessel named
“Aldrich Killian," the mystery man supplied. "I just want to say I’m so sorry about your parents. I’ve worked with your father and I’m full of respect for his work.”
Obie growled with frustration and strained with the effort of reverting to his human form, but somehow, he managed to lunge at Tony and smack the lantern out of his hands.
He could order a new stylus but it would take at least two weeks to be delivered. He could custom make one with the right materials and tools. But no one, not even Tony, could do that in ten minutes, which was the time he had left before Steve was due to be home.
The corners of Steve’s mouth twitched with fond amusement. “His nostrils flare when he laughs, and sometimes, he snorts. And - ," Steve broke off to stifle a soft chuckle, "when he stretches his lithe body, he rumbles and growls, like a little dragon.”
The Avengers Tower was his home anyway. It had belonged to Howard and now it belonged to him. They settled in quickly on the 93rd (highest) floor of the tower, where Tony was warmly welcomed (doted on) by the rest of the team.
“We miss you. Your father, especially, worries about you all the time. Wonders if you and Steve are getting along, if he is treating you right. He is, isn’t he?” she asked, looking him over to assess if he'd lost weight.
“Steve,” he called to the resident alpha sitting at the opposite corner of the workshop. “Can you lend me a hand? Actually, I think I’m gonna need both of them.”
In that moment, Steve felt the urge to do the same, but a wave of exhaustion swept over him, and drowned his sluggish body in what felt like tar.
Tony was no stranger to the woods and the life that dwelled within. Some of his fondest memories included riding their rafts down the rapids near the Rauros Falls, where he would harmonise his whistles with the songs of the birds, all the while hiding in the branches of tall oaks. In the evenings, he'd sip on hot chocolate around the bonfire, where his parents would tell him stories of legendary heroes and their incredible feats.
She began CPR while waiting for the medics to take his lifeless body to the emergency room. There, they watched, with bated breath, as the professionals tried (unsuccessfully) to revive him.
“They’re dragons! Their backs are all armour. Aim for their bellies!” Nat shouted, and demonstrated what she meant with a swift jab to the underside of a serpent’s neck. “Get them to look up.”
“Oh, not you,” the dragon said, his voice ringing with laughter. “Just the usual. I love everything you ma -” the dragon began but stopped, looking adorable and awkward as he smiled charmingly at Steve. “Layered meatcake, bitter bean juice, whatever it is you people eat.”
Steve growled as he crowded Tony against the cave. “You are going to pay for that", he said, pressing soft kisses to his collar bones.
Steve leaned forward and took Tony’s hand in his to give it a reassuring squeeze. This had to be the secret Tony was trying to share with him, which was clearly something he preferred to address in private, so Steve changed the subject with as much grace as he could. “Thanos has five stones. And Tony has three,” he summarised, looking at Thor.
What Erskine had seen in that frail kid from Brookland had always mystified him. Would the old mage have lived to regret his choice? The potion changed his body. It changed his life, and had given him a way to contribute to a greater cause. But was that what Erskine had intended? It wasn’t as if the king of a small kingdom could do much in the midst of gods and sorcerers and dragons.
“It’s purple, looks like an orb,” Thor said. “You’ll know it when you see it. It glows. It’s a common belief - that the heartstone only appears to
She dabbed some concealer lightly over his cheekbone, attempting to mask a bruise, by then a faded yellow-brown.
Obie flashed him a cool smile. “And you are all grown up. I presume this is the husband - King Steven?” he asked, turning to Steve.
The look on Tony’s face - shy and uncertain, was one that always made him soft. “I promise. I could never be mad at you,” he said.
Before anyone could process what was going on, Natasha took a shot at the assassin. He tossed something back and vanished into a cloud of smoke.
launching in a few days. Nothing I could say to change Pierce’s mind about the captain. Or you. I could keep him here, pained and miserable, as I harvest what I can. Or, I could let him go right now, so you can spend your last few days together, saying your tearful goodbyes.”
Captain Rogers, or Steve, seemed nice, much nicer than in any of the scenarios Tony had imagined. He hadn't forced Tony to do anything so far. And he seemed genuinely upset when he found out that Tony had not been a willing participant in this marriage.
“He gave us one of yours,” Tony said, inviting her back inside to see for herself – how King Max had placed the bloodstone, the same one that had later saved him from Thanos, in a gold locket and hung it around Tony’s neck.
“But I don- I only cooked after we were married. I don’t even do it anymore. You know DUM-E does the cooking, right?”
Satisfied, Bruce took the glass from him and turned his attention to other chores. "I’ll restart the fire,” he said when he noticed the dying embers in the grate.
“What do you expect? I’ve been living my whole life with my eyes closed. What do you think will happen when I can finally see?” she asked, and her eyes glowing red with power as she exhaled, spreading her scarlet wings behind her.
The Tony that wouldn’t have missed three dollars was Tony before an unexpected heat and an Alpha that had lied about a condom, it was Tony before an emergency morning after pill that hadn’t worked, it was Tony before Howard had given him two choices-- get rid of
“Can I touch you right here?” Steve eased Tony back into the pillows with kiss after languid, passionate kiss, tugging experimentally at the rhinestone straps before pushing the other one all the way off and covering the exposed skin with his mouth, tonguing over the dip of Tony’s collarbone and digging his teeth in to the meat of Tony’s shoulder hard enough to make the brunette
“I do know that.” Another kiss, whisper soft. “And I know we already said all those things to each other, but let’s just go on and make it official. I want to put a diamond right here--”
“Even if you didn’t meet someone’s specific parameters, I can’t imagine the didn’t want to click on you after seeing your picture.” Steve laughed a little, then grimaced apologetically. “Oh wait, no that’s not good. You don’t want someone who is going to ignore your boundaries just because you’re pretty. Sorry about that.”
“Damn it, I don’t care about our date.” Steve breathed an unsteady laugh and leaned forward in his chair, dragging a hand through his hair in relief. “God, I don’t care about missing the date. Tony, I was over here getting myself all worked up about all the things that could have gone wrong or anything that might have happened to you-- you got that text last week and bolted and then never texted me back or anything-- I was worried.”
, but when he saw Tony cringe he was quick to correct, “Sweetheart, I am thrilled as hell that we found each other on that app but the way it came to be… I’m sorry. I’m glad we ended up together but it could have so easily gone the other way with a different Alpha... I wish I could change that for you.”
He hung up the phone with Peggy, asked his Alpha, “Maybe we could help Peggy pay for a new apartment in a nicer part of the city? Somewhere closer to her friends and the senior activity center she goes to?” and when Steve immediately opened a new tab on his laptop to start searching for senior apartments with on staff nurses for just in case reasons, the Omega kissed him thankfully, then dialed another number.
. Half the time I don’t even remember this is an arrangement. He’s always the one who makes sure I get my money or extra money or like this, where he can’t bring me groceries so he gives me free reign to buy what I need.”
at the wall, the Alpha’s eyes twitching darker red with each rise and fall of that powerful chest. “Here I thought the point of our whole arrangement was
“Scary beyond all reason.” Peter had his little arms locked around Tony’s neck and the Omega couldn’t hardly breathe but it was worth it to be surrounded by his baby’s soft scent again. “But I think I could get used to them. Hey, there’s money in my coat pocket, I want you to have some since you kept Pete overnight.”
“And you’re gagging for my knot?” Steve shoved his face into Tony’s throat and nipped at him playfully, thoroughly loving the way the Omega squirmed and wiggled further into him. “Mr. Carbonell, do you kiss Grandma Peggy with that mouth?”
“I wanted to ask if I can scent you proper.” Steve admitted in a hushed whisper. “But the Uber guy is here and that feels too intimate to do in front of a stranger, or even out here when anyone can see.”
“You better damn well be.” she scowled, but a moment later her kindly face wreathed back into smiles. “You look as if you’ve gotten enough sleep for once in your life. Aren’t walking around exhausted all the time.”
reared up in the Alpha’s core thinking about Tony and Pete running around on rotted out floors and trying to live in a place with leaking windows and water damage and he had to work not to growl as he repeated, “Nobody was fine in that place, Tony. I’m gonna get you outta there. You and Pete, you’ll-- you’ll be fine.”
pretty things.” Tony was overwhelmed by the gift, by the pile of clothes and the effort the Alpha had so clearly put into picking out every single piece to make sure the colors were perfect and the fit was flattering. There wasn’t anything too overtly sexy, everything could be worn under regular clothes, most of the clothing could be worn every single day with only a few meant to be for dates or special occasions and the presence of warmer wear and the bag spoke to a practicality to the gift and to Steve thinking ahead for what Tony might need in the future.
--and on the bed, Tony covered his mouth with his hands and clenched his legs together when the Alpha straightened up and row upon row of golden muscles shifted and
“Damn it, Tony.” Steve looked both scandalized and more than a little frustrated, and with a flash of realization that the blond was really
“Please yes, I would love if started talking so I would just shut the hell up.” Steve pleaded. “What did you want to say?”
She shrieked when someone grabbed the back of her shirt and bodily lifted her out of the door and out of the way. “Damn it, Valkyrie. Leave him alone, go get your Alpha to give you another shot or something. Quit harrassing the pretty Omegas.”
as he jolted to a stop. “Oh my god, Tony. You-- you mean like one of those flouncy pleated skirts with like-- like socks with the stripes at the top?”
“Steve and I are going out tomorrow evening and staying the night away.” the Omega started slowly. “And I thought I’d ask if you and Bucky would come over and stay with Pete for the night.”
With the Command ringing in his ears and buzzing like needles under the skin at the nape of his neck, Tony scrambled around the apartment gathering up enough things for a few nights away for he and Peter. He emptied out a diaper box and filled it with Peter’s clothes and a favorite blanket and toy, stuffed his messenger bag with clothes for himself and the precious pile of cash he’d managed to sock away again. Movements jerky and motions robotic with the biological emphasis of
“Mmhmm.” Peggy moved one of the pillows to her favorite rocking chair and settled into it with a contented sigh. “What are you going to ask for the next time you show some skin and compromise that Alpha’s thought process?”
“Is that why they asked questions like that?” Tony slid his hands up Steve’s chest to loop his arms around the Alpha’s neck. “About traveling together and birthdays and having kids?”
on the ground. That Omega was a lot of things but he sure as shit wasn't who Steve thought he was and Bucky was gonna be god-
“Pucker up and kiss me right here.” Steve tapped at his forehead where the paint smear was. “It will make me feel better about running around looking foolish.”
was about, but he wanted to get ahead of it anyway. “I appreciate it, I do. And I know we’re friends and even a little bit more than that and I know you’re a good Alpha and want to do the right thing but--”
“That sounds awful but uh—“ Bucky ran his tongue over the edge of his fangs. “Maybe I’ll skip the reservation and come in just to see
“It’s just us.” he said again. “I have a neighbor who helps me with childcare, but it’s just me and Pete full time.”
“This is so comfortable, I might never leave.” The big Alpha said as he stretched his feet out onto the matching ottoman. “I mean good
when it came to expected behavior or expectations and the only picture on his phone that wasn’t of Peter-- him drinking coffee cup number twelve after a hell of a shift when Clint had made him unexpectedly laugh.
“Steve, can I be very honest with you right now?” Tony took pity on the Alpha and squeezed at his forearm gently. “Hm?”
“Take the whole damn day---” he licked and suckled at Tony’s nipples before moving lower. “--whatever service you want--” grabbing greedy at the Omega’s ass. “--then come and see me when you’re all silky soft and relaxed so I can give you an
and peered at the mailbox numbers, running his finger over the names and numbers until he found Carbonell on one near the bottom. It was one of the few mailboxes that looked to be regularly cleaned, the brass dark but not grimy and the number and name written in careful print.
of the money I gave you and use the dividends to pay for Peggy so it doesn’t mess with the principle.” The Alpha countered. “The guy who handles my football money does a good job, we’ll talk to him about it once life slows down a little bit, huh?”
“No.” Steve shifted only enough to brush their lips together, fingers tightening at Tony’s side. “No, honey. Everyone except Bucky and Tasha just assumes I won the dating lottery when it comes to you.”
“Are we ready to order, sir? Or perhaps wine to start with and another moment to peruse the menu?” The waiter reappeared and Steve pulled himself from the lure of Tony’s smile to frantically remember what a Google-inspired crash course on wine had taught him so he could order something expensive enough to impress the Omega but not so expensive to go to waste. Steve hated wine and had no intention of having more than one glass, but he didn’t think a
“...you did.” Steve put his plate aside and pulled the cover off the nearest easel to reveal the painting. “This one is inspired by
"Stop it," he tried to say, but was arrested in a fog between moving and being, unable to resist the invasion of his mind.
“I’m afraid not,” Bruce told him, and his warm eyes were full of sympathy. “The antidote is rather unstable and interactions with other medicines might render it ineffective. We can’t take the risk.”
Tony was thrilled when they found Captain America, alive no less, in the ice. Like everyone else, Tony thought he would jump right back into the military, follow orders, serve.
“Was it worth it?” Wanda asked bitterly, releasing Steve from her magic to direct her pain and anger to where it belonged.
Following his directions, Tony aimed his handgun at the lamp closest to them and fired. “You see that? Nailed it,” he boasted.
He reached for Tony, as if to touch his face, but Steve rushed forward to strike Thanos on the side of his head with his shield.
“Thor Odinson,” Strange said, and flew toward the duo in his own cloak. “You can put the hammer down.”
At first, Tony was relieved to be alone. He didn’t have to keep himself together or pretend he was fine. He could cry whenever he wanted or lie in bed all day. No one to ask if he was okay or nag him about eating “real food, not pop-tarts”. But as the days went by, he began to miss Steve. Without him, the house just seemed a little too large, a little too quiet.
Stretching his back and raising himself to an impressive height, Thanos got to his feet and ambled down the long flight of stairs toward him.
How's everyone doing? The last few days have been horrible as I try to come to terms with Avengers Endgame. I'll just be living in alternate universes now because that's where nothing hurts (at least not permanently). I hope everyone is recovering from the film. Thank you for reading and take care!
Tony unzipped his bag, grateful to Jarvis for taking care of the packing while he moped all week. He made quick work of hanging up his band T-shirts and jeans. The butler had also packed his personal mementos and Tony swallowed a painful lump as he spotted his class ring among his possessions.
Tony’s passenger continued to show signs of laboured breathing, but the strain on his face seemed to have eased. Tony could only hope that getting him away from the smoke and into the air-conditioned vehicle had staved off a full-blown attack.
"Indeed," Tony replied, somewhat flatly. While it was a relief that Steve hadn't condemned dragons as a whole, he made it clear that he was frightened of them.
Once upon a time, Steve had been happy. Life had been full of warmth, joy and hope, all of which had vaporised into thin air when the dragon had revealed his secret. Steve squeezed his eyes shut, and willed his body to stop thinking, to stop feeling, to just stop.
“How are you doing that?” Tony asked, impressed by Steve’s ability to navigate in the dark, with only a couple of lanterns to light the way. “Can barely see the back of your head.”
Tony took a deep whiff of the mead in the air. “Are you okay?” he asked. “How much have you been drinking?”
Tony drew back abruptly, cheeks burning with shame. Steve didn’t want him. Not like that. His socially-inept self had read the signs all wrong. And thrown himself at his kind, thoughtful husband, making him uncomfortable in the process.
The universe, suffering from Thanos’ cruel reign, had required correction. And after that, the stones served no purpose beyond temptation. It was time to return the gems and dragonbone to the celestial dragon and hope he would finally rest in peace.
Steve nodded grimly. “Odds are that we’ll be riding into heavy fire and that’s what we signed up for. The Anguisians – they didn’t. All they want is to live their lives in peace, and that’s not going to happen today. We have to keep them out of it.”
“Right. Of course, he’s all the way up there,” Tony grumbled, as he glared at the open window near the highest point of the castle. “How the hell are we going to get up?”
Tony looked up to find two pairs of eyes looking worriedly at him. They looked good together, with their movements perfectly in sync with each other's.  Briefly, Tony wondered why he was even there.
In the quiet of the night, he made an alloy of iron-copper-magnesium, fused the plates together, programmed an internal system, which he connected to the suit and the arc reactor.
Somehow, Steve managed to regain his composure and address their guests with the solemn grace of his station. After welcoming their distinguished guests to Shieldberg, they honoured past and living heroes for their contributions to this well-fought victory.
Tony laughed at the verity of that statement. It didn’t mean that things were instantly all right between them. There were a number of words they needed to have. A few compromises to be made. And a lot of forgiveness to go around. But the ring was so pretty and right there and no one was looking and he was only going to try it on for size.
Holding the top of Steve’s armoured headpiece, Thanos stared down at the struggling king with keen interest, and studied his movements like one would some sort of exotic insect.
Peter landed on one of the coal-coloured sea stacks, changing the colour of his scales to blend right in. “It’s a stretch,” Peter warned.
“Go ahead, my child,” Thanos said, as he stepped aside for her to come forward and wrap the red vortex of her presence around Tony’s mind.
So, they began to break him down some more, chipping away his willpower, hammering away at his resolve. They were careful not to cause permanent injuries. They needed his mind and his body to make that missile.
Just then, rainbow light beamed from the heavens above. A hammer flew out of it, wreathed with lightning. It tore through the enemy troops, and cut swathes through their ranks before disappearing back into the tornado that had appeared out of nowhere.
. He looked to be in agony, eyes squeezed shut as tears leaked out and trickled down his pained face.
“It’s time,” Tony said as he took Steve’s arm firmly and marched (with) him into a room of radiant faces and thunderous applause, which only died down as they walked up the platform to address their guests.
They began from the first floor and worked their way up to the third, where the bedrooms were located.
“Nat, follow the banner down the centre. Clint, take your company right after we pass the creek. Sam, you’ve got to draw away the flyers,” Steve said, referring to the menacing dragons screeching above the army, their loud cries piercing their ears.
The morning sun poured through the drapes into the bedroom and roused Steve from his sleep. He was, however, in no hurry to wake – warm in his own bed, under the thick blanket, enveloped with feelings of peace and joy as the sounds of whispers and soft laughter swirled around the room.
Huge thanks to Serinah and AvengersNewB for not letting me give up on this. Thank you to everyone for reading and leaving me encouragement along the way. I don't think I could have finished this without your feedback and kind words.
And it dawned on him, why he hadn't been able to say those words. Telling someone you loved them made you vulnerable. It meant stripping one of their armour, their clothing, even their skin to bare their heart.
Thanks so much for your patience! I'll reply to the comments real soon! Just wanted to post this update first! I hope you like it! :D
But gold-titanium alloy had magnetic properties, so if could find a way to get his gauntlet to attach magnetically to the bracelets, and the other bits to attach to the gauntlet, it could make suiting up a breeze, or a hurricane, because he needed it to be very, very fast.
“We’ve got a nuke coming in and I know just where to put it,” he cried, fearing that the transmission would cut off any second. He was getting higher now.
“At home?” Tony echoed. He turned to Steve, holding his lamp up to his face. “Why? Are you Tyranaksthon?” he asked, making a show of wide, frightened eyes. “Taking your young husband inside your lair? What are you trying to do?” he asked, narrowing his eyes.
The words pierced through the light fog that lingered around his head, and Steve looked up sharply. “The Infinity Spell?” he repeated. “I thought it was a legend.”
When the God of Mischief passed over a particularly dense concentration of enemy troops, Thor leapt off from his brother’s back and slammed his hammer into the ground.
He hit the button without waiting for an answer. Then, Nat urged Pierce toward the control room with a well-placed gun at the dip of his back.
Steve’s eyes softened as he turned his head to kiss Tony’s nose. His lips moved, as if he wanted to speak but thought the better of it. Tony would have asked, but this was neither the time nor place, now that they were already on enemy soil.
Steve nodded, relieved to hear that the potion was working as planned. “You hear that, my love?” he whispered softly into Tony’s ear. “It’s just the antidote working. You’re going to be fine.”
I'm about to have a baby (our second one) in a few days so if I disappear for a bit, it is because I'm in the hospital, not that I've stopped. I've actually finished writing most of the chapters, so I definitely intend to keep updating whenever possible!
Thanos howled, and his hideous face contorted in great pain. Thanos looked down at his wounded chest that was glowing with burning embers and ash. The titan stumbled backward, clearly in no state to fight them or retrieve the mindstone.
Tony and Peter took off for the skies, eager to lure Ivan away from Steve even though the stubborn man was still running in his efforts to hit the dark prince with his shield. Ivan soared above Tony and Peter, and flapped his heavy storm wings from above. Caught in the downdraft, Tony found himself falling toward the beach, stopping only when he hit the sand.
Steve hesitated. “You - uh - display compulsive behaviour, you’re prone to destructive tendencies and yeah - you’ve got textbook narcissism.”
Tony’s plan for his first day as a married man was to stay in his room as long as he possibly could, delaying the inevitable meeting with his husband. But his treasonous mind wouldn’t stop thinking of the pop-tarts he’d seen in the larder. And his traitorous stomach convinced him that raiding said larder was necessary to his survival.
Tony had mentally and physically prepared himself for the worst-case scenario – an overbearing alpha who wanted to dominate and control. Now that that wasn’t happening, he had to come up with a new plan.
Steve nodded, and his eyes softened in understanding. For a moment, Tony thought he'd finally got through.
Nat returned with a loud gasp, prompting Bucky to look down in shock at her living, breathing body. He sat back on his heels and casually raked a hand through his messy hair. He cleared his throat, opening and closing his mouth in an attempt to speak, but no words came out.
From their berths that dotted the West Coast, they’d journeyed down the Valorian Straits, just in time for the battle. Cheers erupted on
Enormous tentacles snaked around the ship’s perimeter and crushed the ice around them into chunks. Ahead of the bow, a bulge broke through the water’s surface. Large eyes stared as a massive beak, crammed full of razor-sharp teeth opened in a roar.
It shone. Like a beacon calling him home. A beacon in the form of gold hair, blue eyes and dazzling white perfect teeth. And the scent of pop-tarts and pancakes and ice cream. And the voice, equal parts hopeful and broken.
“It is,” Steve agreed. “It’s blinding - this darkness that follows in the wake of such brilliance. Every beat of the heart hurts, each breath aches with longing. But I’d do it again. My only regret is that – I never told him,” he said, squeezing his eyes shut as if in pain.
Noting the urgency in his voice, Steve, who was hanging off the ledge, hauled himself back into the control room. The rotors were spinning so quickly now it was impossible for Tony to escape without help.
However, before the firefighters could enter the building, the deafening sound of a heart-stopping explosion sent shock waves throughout the building, filling the stairway with fresh flames as fire blazed to the rooftops and rose into the sky.
“And currently engaged with the stunning Miss Romanov," Killian said, cutting him off. "Can’t blame him, you know? They’ve got so much in common, being Avengers. Just like how you and I have so much in common, as inventors.”
Steve didn’t seem to hear him, eyes fixed on the ring on his finger. “You’re wearing it,” he observed quietly.
“It’s going to be okay,” Tony said, reaching for Steve, trying to dab away a tear at the corner of his eye. “There are worse ways to die.”
“I went to finishing school like you. Back in the 30s when everyone thought I was an omega. It’s funny and sad how so little has changed. Cooking, cleaning, sewing, washing. That’s the curriculum, right? And that’s the order in which you made your machines. Because you created the robots to do the homework you didn’t want to do.”
Steve nodded, but the expression on his face remained unreadable. “The world stands on the brink of destruction, the tipping point between order and chaos. Your help will push us over the edge to triumph over our foes.”
He chose not to dwell on them for the moment, making use of the respite to crawl toward Steve, but Thanos stood in his way.
The air left his lungs as Tony grappled with this revelation. For some reason, Steve had thought he was going to leave and what was worse was that he was about to let him too.
“There isn’t any left. The antidote though, we’ve got a lot,” Coulson said, pointing to a large refrigerated cupboard where the counteragents were kept.
It was a long ride, the first of many in their journey together. He was about to mention it, but the prince had already gone. Steve laughed. Then, with a pull of the reins and a click of his tongue, he went after his husband.
The walk to took longer than expected, with Tony stumbling occasionally to keep up with Obie’s punishing pace.
It wasn’t hard, not in the least, but completely unexpected. Once the shock had worn off, Bucky laughed and his eyes shone with mirth.
And Steve was telling the truth about the party. It was okay, at least in the beginning. They had a drink, some food. The evening wasn’t going too badly at all.
Steve opened his mouth to speak, only to be interrupted by a loud rumble of thunder. A flash of lightning drew their attention to the once-sunny skies, which were now covered with dark clouds. That was when he saw them - diving toward the beach at a dizzying speed.
He’d make it all better, reinforce his walls, fend off the ghosts of his distant past. It was too bad then. He had made his bed and he was going to have to sleep in it.
“Tony is right where he needs to be,” Tony said around the lump in his throat. Tears pricked at his eyes, forcing him to turn away abruptly. This was not the time to have a breakdown.
He knew it now, and he wondered if Steve one day would. That stripped of all his armour and coverings, at the heart of it all, right down to the core -
“Possibly,” Sam said. “We’ve had three sightings just this week. There’s no reason for them to be flying so far inland. It feels like they’re looking for something,” Sam added.
Impact was made and tears streamed from blue eyes in a trail of vaporised ice and ash. “I’m sorry, Tony. It’s my fault. I let him fall from the train,” he said, over and over, as Tony held him through the tremors.
He was merely driving across the Brooklyn Bridge to a coffeehouse, where he would meet the young omega hero who'd helped them during an armed robbery. Tony had to admit it was pretty impressive - leaping off a rooftop onto a gunman's shoulder, giving Howard the opportunity to disarm the thug and hep his wife to safety, before seeking help from a police constable.
When he had the floor, Pierce addressed the group, describing that very moment as the tipping point between order and chaos. They were going to give that delicate balance a little push, just a tiny push of a button in his hand, to give the world the freedom it deserved.
Abruptly, he got out of his chair, and excused himself to check on the oven that was bursting with the aroma of freshly-baked rolls. They were ready, as expected, so he placed the disc-shaped buns on a large tray to serve their guests with. Together with the eggs and steak, it would make a satisfying meal.
Tony thought of the physicist’s perpetual motion clock on his bedside table. He wondered if it was still there. The significance of the gift wasn't lost on him. A timepiece that never stopped ticking. A heart that never stopped beating.
Slim fingers felt for the medallion and traced its ridges as Tony wondered how long he could keep his secret from his new family. Perhaps, they would one day accept him if he proved himself and showed he was worthy of their trust. Till then, he would keep his powers well buried, like one would hide the most precious of gems.
“Kill me faster? Wow, that really helps me relax,” he grumbled, and realised that as he spoke, the serpent was indeed uncoiling, distracted by the loud noises of Tony striking his blade against his shield.
By the time Wanda was done, Tony had crumpled to a heap, having to hide his head under his wing to manage the pain. If he was exhausted, so was she, for Wanda, trembling with exertion, had to be supported by her brother.
“Now, now, Tony,” Obie cut in. "Ten years is a long time to bear a grudge. You know he was just trying to heal those poor kids.”
It barely made a dint to their ranks, Tony realised, as new drones flew in to take the place of the ones they’d decimated. They were closing in, forcing them towards the barycentre.
Tony leaned over and kissed his forehead, as he ran the pads of his thumbs under Steve’s wet eyes. “No, of course, you didn’t, but do you know what happens when a dragon is separated from their treasure?”
So, it was Howard who scaled the wall with just his hobnail boots. It was Howard who sang to the dragonet and gained his trust. It was Howard who cradled the young dragon and carried him down at the risk of his own life, taking him back to the palace, where they raised him as one of their own.
“Your majesty,” he told her, his voice full of sympathy. “At this stage, only Tony has the power to save himself.”
All hopes of a quick escape were dashed when he came out to find Steve on the ground with the Winter Soldier on him. Steve, like an idiot, was lying down and just taking it.
Planting a row of kisses down Steve’s jawline toward his neck, Tony paused briefly to suck at the skin just below his ear. Steve shuddered and moaned as he pulled Tony into his arms and onto his lap, where Tony could distinctly feel his husband's desire pressing against him.
he wanted (and he wanted a lot). So, the only reason he hadn't was because he didn’t want to give Tony any pressure. He was patiently waiting for him to go first.
He wondered if 1940s sickly Steve, who illustrated comic books for a living, had ever once considered the possibility of being an enhanced human being who read books about coding algorithms and programming language in his free time.
Tiptoeing towards the stairs, Tony noticed his husband wasn’t in his room. Further patrols informed him that Steve wasn’t in the house. This meant that deep reconnaissance was now possible, especially in the kitchen. During their tour, Steve told Tony to help himself to anything he wanted in the kitchen. So Tony decided to do just that. Dad would be proud. He was doing so well at following orders.
“You didn’t want your parents to take away your beloved robots. So, you put the wrong labels on, claimed that they were defective. But they all worked as long as one knew their purpose. And the right buttons to push.”
Brave warriors were celebrated with new titles and vast riches and in front of his beaming family, young Peter Parker recited the words of an oath he already knew by heart.
Tony opened the door, hiding behind it as much as possible. He didn’t really have a choice. Steve could and would break the door down if he wanted to. He peered at Steve through his wet eyelashes. And his husband's eyes softened at the sight of his tear-stained face.
“Okay, fair enough,” Tony said, after he’d given himself time to consider the point Jarvis was making. “So maybe, I shouldn’t have kept my secrets. That’s on me. But freaking out and writing that report to keep me off the team, that’s on him. He told me -”
“Oh shit,” the prince said as his right hand flew over his mouth. Then, his wide eyes were on Steve’s large hands which were holding his left.
It led Steve to wonder if it had all been some sort of bad dream. There was no fire, no medallion, no Tony.
“Thinks for thanking of me. As long as it’s next month. I’m working hard on being not-busy this month. You know right?” he said, reminding Clint that he was going on a vacation. With Steve. And barring any potential world-ending events, they were not to be interrupted.
He lost track of time, and his ears rang with animated chatter and joyful laughter, so much that he barely noticed when one by one, his guests began trickling out of the bedroom, leaving just Tony and him behind.
The fire crackled cheerfully in the hearth as it sent light and warmth around the throne room. It cast a soft glow on Natalia, who was manipulating her new dagger. Next to her, Clint was pinching the tip of an arrow, which was to be one of many in his new quiver. Behind them, Sam was admiring the shine of a new battleaxe, before he swung.
"Well, pests are frightful, of that I agree, but dragons are so much more than that. They're frightening," Steve decided. "At least in general."
Jarvis kept a lid on the pot, before turning to face him. “I’m going to need you to elaborate,” he said, with a raised eyebrow.
“Wait!” Tony shouted, in between violent coughs from the acrid fumes that filled his nose and lungs.
Tony rolled his eyes, refusing to dignify the cheesy remark with a response. "Sourpatch, what’s that?” he asked instead, eyeing the large box in Rhodey’s hands.
“Yup. Let's see how long we hold up before everything goes to shit," Clint said before thanking Tony for the family suite he'd designed for his growing family. Tony waved away the thanks, just thrilled to have
Tony would have to be honest about what he’d done, face the music (or the lack of) and accept the consequences, whatever they were. But this wasn’t just about Tony’s fear of correction. He just really didn’t want Steve to be upset with him.
“You saw him leave?” she asked in a breathless whisper, shaken by the thought that Tony was one of the last few people to have seen him alive.
Steve almost laughed at the irony of the gift. Here he was, thinking he had finally found a way to combat the forces of nature, in creating a top that would never stop spinning. But even lodestones, magical as they were, couldn’t keep a top spinning if it was already staggering on its last turnings.
“The bond. Warm days and cold nights, though it was hard to tell the time with the hours you kept. You didn’t sleep very much, did you?”
. Obie had told him that story, extolled the importance of taking advantage of life’s opportunities. And he had done just that.
He wondered if the Starks had learnt of it too, because when Steve listened in again on their conversation, there was talk of a family reunion, and not a temporary one.
Because Steve was doing it again – talking about him like he wasn’t there. He was acting like one of his knights, behaving like he didn’t know, almost as if he truly thought Tony was someone else.
Steve put down his knife to brush away the wooden shavings from the top, satisfied with the wide-bodied design and a shorter peg. A quick twist of his fingers and the spinner was twirling on its point, in a dizzying, mesmerising dance. He counted the seconds that passed -
, they dragged Tony out of his workshop to hang out (in ceiling vents) so they could eavesdrop on conversations. They felt like the older siblings he never had, and he soon learnt (the soft way) that “wrestling matches” was code for cuddle parties.
The stairs were fully supported by the narrow tower’s circular walls so there was no central pillar, just iron railings wrought in clusters of forget-me-not motifs. Painted a bright blue, they made for a brilliant contrast against the pristine white walls.
“They were outside your room, sitting in a row, like children in a schoolroom. Howard said they didn’t work, complained that you spent too much time on them. But they worked, didn’t they? They all did. No one knew. Because you said the cooking machine cleaned and the cleaning machine cooked. It
Tony craned his neck and let his body hang down, so the tip of his tail pointed to the ground. A flap of his wings sent him soaring through the clouds and his body spiralled gracefully behind.
“Does that usually work for you?” Tony asked, giving the other man an amused smile as he handed over one of the chocolate milkshakes.
The ceiling glowed with blue light from the heart-shaped medallion in its filigree frame, the intricate metalwork going around the perimeter, continuing on its back.
Steve looked away, cheeks burning, as the welcome sound of Thor’s voice boomed from behind. “Anthony, my friend! The legend has come true. By the power of the stones, you are alive! You are invincible! You are Tyranaksthon!”
The enemy’s response was swift. Arrows rained down upon them in a terrifying arc. Through the thick fog, the Anguisians were shooting blind, but the arrows were no blanks and made firm contact with their unintended targets. They hay statues were softly illuminated by lanterns at the bow and stern, as
He heard the thud before he saw Rhodey, looking suave in the suit he only completed the previous day. There was no time for a test run, but it obviously worked.
When he looked up, the dragon was gazing at him meaningfully, as though waiting for him to connect the dots. But the dots were like stars in the night sky, with an infinite number of constellations to be mapped.
It brought a smile to Tony’s face and his joy bloomed in the sun. Happiness was found in the crinkles of his eyes and the flush of his cheeks. And it was good. Tony was happy, and he should be happy too.
Tony stayed under the howling dragon, and took care to avoid his unpredictable sprays of acid. “Steve! Now!” he shouted, when he got to a good position –
“Hey, Tones. I have to go,” Rhodey said after getting off the phone. "Got an early start on my new job.”
With its sharp slopes of screes, the mountain was largely inaccessible, so visitors were few and infrequent. Apart from the occasional visit from Rhodey and Peter, Strange had also dropped in a couple of times – to keep him informed about various developments, which were by and large, ominous and worrying.
“Something smells delicious,” Tony said, as he brushed past Steve on his way to the kitchen. “Bread rolls,” he said, while peering into the oven with a happy sigh. “What did I do to deserve a husband like you?”
Tony felt all the air rushing out of his chest as he gawked at the letters remaining on the beach. “I am Tyranaksthon?” he said, and the uttered words invoked the transformation. Without the medallion around his neck to suppress his magical abilities, he began to change.
Tony felt his horns retreating into his head, his wings retracting inside his body. Scales softened into skin as his body returned to his birth form to conserve his energy.
Blood was oozing from a couple of deep gashes that ran down one side of Steve’s face. The chainmail was dented, but under it, there was no sign of broken bones or cracked ribs.  “Steve!” he called and shook the king lightly, but Steve didn’t rouse, in spite of his desperate cries.
Steve nodded absently and sank back into his armchair, prepared to spend the rest of the morning in it, keeping vigil over Tony. Time slowed down and the day stretched ahead, as a steady stream of visitors came and went.
As Steve climbed off, Tony took deep breaths and imagined the barren moss blooming with wildflowers blooming in order to calm his heart.
“Yes,” he answered, and forced the corners of his lips into a tight smile. “You’re here, happy and well. What more can I want?”
He kept it all together even at the worst of times. But days and weeks of solitary confinement caused his world to shrink, and it reduced him to sobbing over the most insignificant of things.
White knuckles contrasted against the dark wood as Steve gripped the arms to steady himself, even as the chair’s legs scraped noisily against the hardwood floor. Knees were brought to his chest as he hugged them tightly, so as not to sink into despair.
It was “exceptional”, as far as walnut date loaves went, and that was what he managed to choke out to a highly-tickled Steve before he scrambled out of the car.
“Then, think about it,” Peter said, as he placed his forelimbs around Tony’s head and turned it so he could see Steve walking in their direction.
“Yeah, sure. Uh-oh," he added as he looked out of the window for the first time since parking the car to observe the rush hour crowd descending upon the market. "It looks like we'll be stuck here for a while. Do you have someplace you need to be or – uh – some – someone you need to get home to?”
“Can’t do that all day. Besides, I’d much rather be doing this.” Steve brushed his hair aside, and pressed his lips to his forehead. Tony closed his eyes, as more kisses peppered the side of his face.
She found out about the medallion, the suppression of his powers, and the secrets he continued to keep. “You care too much about what they think,” she said, as her frown deepened. “You can’t control their fear, only your own.”
It's a bold statement. And Tony resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “A boy who wants to be loved. You don’t know. Anything. About. Me.”
He was turning ten and going through quite the phase (a waxing interest in astronomy), So, that year, his parents had honoured his birthday wish to visit the space museum.
Tony was exultant at finding it, making sure to shout his discovery from the rooftop. Gazing through the telescope, he could barely discern two distinct bodies.
Steve had to remind himself to unclench his fist as the quill pierced his skin, but just as Bruce had promised, it was a mild discomfort compared to what he’d already been through. As always, Steve turned to face Tony, and Bruce, with an excellent technique and a gentle touch, extracted his blood, which he released into a tall canister and filled it to its brim.
Tony returned the smile as he joined Steve at the parapet. “Come on. You’re kind of missing the point of a party,” he teased,
He jogged toward the crazed man, accelerating in his approach. Killian matched his speed and swung his fist back as if to strike, but the omega slipped deftly between his legs. Killian pulled himself back, just before sliding off the edge of the roof. He turned back around to face Tony, who had flicked his face plate up.
Tony took in the solemn words. “He sounds like a tough one,” he said, as he tried to make light of the situation, and also because he didn't want Steve to die.
He supposed he was fortunate to have had a college education at all, skipping grades so he could enrol at 15 and graduate at 18, just before his first heat. Not that it mattered in the end. He lost everything the moment he presented.
Tony kept flying as he surveyed the long slopes and terraces that made up the landscape, in search of a good place to land. He settled on the flatlands near a small creek, where the grounds looked rich and well-watered. Stalks of gladioli peeked out from shorter blades of grass, and peppered the meadows with pinks, yellows and blues, made brighter in the buoyant sun.
Obsidian howled as he flapped his wings in pain, but it only fanned the flames. Unable to move his wings freely, he spun wildly into a gold, sparkly circle of the sorcerer’s doing, which closed on his tail and sent the clubbed appendage hurtling towards the ground.
Tony scanned the audience, mostly the media with their pens, notepads and cameras at the ready. He took a quick glance at the cue cards he’d prepared.
Steve found Tony beside him, looking back at him with wide eyes that shone gold in the firelight, a stark contrast to his pale face. Steve observed his mussed-up hair and crumpled clothing, unable to tell for how long Tony had sat there just watching him.
Abruptly, he turned, and placed one foot in front of the next as his stumbling legs carried him toward the exit. His hip bumped the side of the alchemy table and a harsh laugh escaped. Through his blurry vision, he could make out the label on the canister -
The after-party was in three hours, at their brand-new compound in upstate New York, somewhere along the Hudson River.
Rhodey complied instantly, in a show of complete trust. Then, lasers beamed out of Tony’s suit, as he swung around in an arc, terminating the drones (and a lamp post) in what felt like a long second.
“Okay, whatever," Tony mumbled, ending the conversation as he spotted Ivan and Kiliian closing in on them. "We've got incoming,” he said, and took off, with Rhodey and Peter right behind him.
“We’ve brought enough,” Midnight informed her with a withering smile. “Thanos will have that stone.”
“You’ll lose,” Tony lied, and kept his eyes fixed firmly ahead, where daylight streaked into the tunnel. If he managed to make it out to the landing pad, he could try calling out to the Asgardians or one of the twins.
“If you’re going that far north, you might as well ride into Ferrecita and ask for the Iron Legion,” Tony suggested.
They mounted their horses and made their way toward the front of the cavalcade when Tony pulled the horse he'd swiftly named Stripe to an abrupt stop.
Periodically, Sam and Bucky would enter and give him a report of the kingdom’s affairs. Tony hadn’t been their only casualty from that day at the Gladioli Fields. Apart from the wounded they had to tend to, bodies had to be brought home, heroes honoured with the proper rites, arrangements made so their families would be taken care of.
Thanos roared as his bulbous eyes rolled back into their sockets. His gleaming purple scales turned a grimy shade of grey as the magical sword buried at the back of his neck, kept in place by Steve’s strong arms, began to drain the emperor of his powers.
It was a sweet sentiment, spoken from one best friend to another, but it really ended up being the other way around, with Tony trailing behind while they made their way past the heavily-armed soldiers in the AIM compound.
Steve remembered it all too clearly himself – how Tony had placed the gemstone in his hand and told him to keep it, and when Steve had tried to give it back, insisting that he was just a nobody, Tony had thrusted Howard’s shield into his small, clammy hands and told him –
Pierce drew a handgun, so Tony pushed a threatened councilman out of the way while Natasha disarmed the secretary, amidst panicked gasps and cries and more gunshots. Still, working together, it didn’t take long before all the STRIKE operatives were down.
In fact, he felt strong and powerful, with the magic of six infinity stones flowing through his body. Tony rose to his feet and raised his paws, which were glowing with power. He watched as they drew the stones of Thanos’ clenched fingers and onto his. As they went onto his hands, the bands of dragonbone shifted and closed around his fingers to form a snug fit, like they had always belonged to him.
All that was left was the press conference. With the information he’d leaked, rumours were circulating, about him being more than the suit’s maker. So, the conference was nothing more than a formality, an official confirmation of his identity.
Bucky put his hands around Steve’s face and touched his forehead to Steve's. “Are we good now?” he asked.
Fumbling with his toolbelt, he pulled out a small wooden box and placed it on Tony’s palm. Tony remembered it from his last night at Shieldberg.
“All right, Pete. Time to earn your keep,” Tony said. He sped toward Peter, stretching his neck and throwing down his wings and body to pull up in a vertical climb. Ivan mimicked Tony, extending his body length-wise right beside the column.
“He’ll have to heat the cube to 120 million kevin just to break through the coulomb barrier,” Tony explained, as he felt his own body warming to his husband's ministrations.
“No, we’re not,” Tony agreed, shouting over the cacophony of outraged voices. “We’re a family,” he finished and the room went silent as they acknowledged the truth behind his words.
Whatever was left of Tony’s heart ached, to see the man he loved reduced to a fraction of what he once was. And if Steve’s glorious light was threatening to go out, he had to take on the load, to shine twice as brightly for them both, until it came back on.
“A carrot,” Natalia informed him as she picked up the broken halves and offered them to their horses. They made for a sight – a tangle of arms and legs, armour and weapons, but a wiser man was not to be fooled. These singing fools were the finest warriors south of the
His parents believed that the will-o-the-wisps led one to their destiny – be it treasure or doom. Enticed by this, his younger self had chased after the elusive orbs that night all those years ago, and just as the legend promised, the mystical lights had led Tony to his treasure, right in front of the heartewoode tree.
Basking in the last rays of the evening, Tony took Steve the long way around the park, pointing out his favourite spots, so they could share an ice-cream cone. They took turns to devour the melting dessert, and Tony felt his heart overflow with sweetness. So, when Steve’s hand circled his wrist, he shyly laced their fingers together, and beamed when the alpha closed his fingers around them.
It had been months since he’d left Shieldberg, but not a moment passed without Tony missing the citadel, his new friends, and –
wasn’t bad at all), before giving the press a soundbite, though not the kind they were expecting, growling so ferociously that everyone within a mile’s radius fell to the ground, hands over their ears.
“All right. Whatever,” he sighed, conceding. “Honestly, I hate working here. They are so weird. Cap’s on the top floor and the Black Widow’s in the basement.”
